BDSM Library - Heather Meets the Vile Gamer




Heather Meets the Vile Gamer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She thought she was safe online, she thought she could play and tease with people online without paying back. She thought wrong. Be careful what you wish for.
Heather Meets the Vile Gamer
June 2, 2000
by DEDHeather94@aol.com




Heather Meets the Vile Gamer ...part 1

	Have you ever known life to imitate art?  Or at least what passes for art?  I
have.  It happened to me.  I'm still not sure how much of it I'm responsible
for.  Maybe all of it.
	Perhaps you've read my short story, "The Taking of Heather"?  It's a
completely fictional tale based on my twisted fantasies and originally written
for an online friend as a bedtime story--or so I told him.  Yeah, it was all
cute and teasing and harmless at the time.  The story has made the rounds over
the internet since then and has even been posted to a newsletter.  Mostly I
send it to people I meet online who have similar fantasies.  Once again,
harmless.  We're all fairly anonymous in cyber-space.  Even sending pictures
doesn't cause any harm....or so I thought.
	I met Chuck online after reading a story he wrote called "The Vile Gamer". 
Like "Heather", it was also written in first-person form....except it was told
from a rapist's point of view--it was like a chilling look into his mind.  The
bragging, ironic tone almost read like a manifesto. I thought it was very
descriptive and quite good  It was unfortunately posted to a site of the
worst-written rape stories I'd ever read.  This one was definitely different. 
I could tell this guy had real talent so I clicked his email link at the bottom
of the page and sent simply two words,  "Great Story!!"  I was pleasantly
surprised a few days later when he replied.  
	We corresponded frequently after that, and even chatted real time thru an
instant messenger service.  Everything was very friendly and "normal".  We
seemed to have many of the same interests.  Of course I sent him "The Taking of
Heather".  I was dying to know what another writer would think of it.  He said
it was wonderful. We were a  mutual admiration society of two.  After seeing my
picture posted on my web page he flattered me further by informing  me that I
would be the subject of his next "Vile Gamer" story.  
	Ok, so we clicked, but we didn't realize just how much till we did our first
roleplay.  His writing talent was evident as we did a scene similar to the one
in my story--villain breaks in and ravishes the unsuspecting and stoned
heroine.  It was similar in setting but different as well.  Although he didn't
terrorize her with phone calls first (a touch I picked up from horror movies),
Chuck's villain had more of a vicious mean streak than my Dark One.  The things
he wrote shocked and thrilled me at the same time. I could actually feel my
heart racing at his words.  I played off of his lead perfectly (so he said
later) and the result was an intensely satisfying drama.
	After our roleplay our chats became darker--more focused on our shared
fantasies.  He vowed to find me someday and make it all real.  I suppose I
should have been scared--or at least more cautious, but I didn't take him
seriously.  Why would I?  I mean, the guy lived several states away and had a
life.  
	I didn't help matters at all.  In fact I made things worse--I know that now. 
I sent him many pictures of myself in various sexy poses and states of undress.
 No nudes, but several of them may as well have been.  He particularly liked
the ones of me gagged.  I was even so bold as to record and send him sound wavs
of myself trying to beg and scream while gagged.  Why did I do it?  I suppose
it gave me a thrill knowing I was turning someone on from far away.  The
thought that he was looking at my pictures and listening to my wavs and
fantasizing about me made me feel desirable, ....beautiful.
His reactions to the things I sent him were more than satisfying.  The internet
is truly a paradise for teases.  
	Unfortunately there was a price to pay, and I was about to pay it....big time.

	Every once in a while I go to the movies alone.  It probably seems strange to
some, but to me it's a wonderful escape.  Without a companion it's easy to lose
myself in the story and turn off all other thoughts.  My husband hates going,
and never seems to mind when I go, so when things get to be too much and I need
to get out of the house and chill for awhile it's time for movie night.
	Sometime in the middle of that week while Chuck and I were chatting, I told
him about my movie nights and how I was due for another one.  He asked me
casually when I was planning to go.
	"This Saturday night", was my reply.
	"Do you go right after work or wait till the later show?"
	"The late one", I answered.
	Since becoming manager of the store I work at, I have to work till 7 pm every
Saturday, but since I have Sundays off, Saturday nights are perfect for movie
night.  I have plenty of time to go home first, spend time with my daughter and
put her to bed before heading to the theater.  My husband, Tom, also enjoyed
those few hours to himself.
	Chuck was amused when I told him how I liked to get there at least a half-hour
early so I can smoke a joint in the car first.
	"Well, I hope you're careful not to be seen."
	"Oh sure.  I park way in the back so I can see all the traffic and I've never
been caught yet", I bragged.
	"What kind of car do you drive?  I hope it's not one that draws a lot of
attention."
Oh how casually and cleverly he slipped that question in.  Without any
trepidation at all I answered that it was a dark blue Bonneville and didn't
really stand out that much.
	"Be careful..." he wrote, " You could be abducted someday".  
	I typed a big LOL to that and moved on to another subject.  Before the
conversation was over, he asked what I planned to go see.  His interest in this
didn't bother me at all.  Why would it?
	I didn't see him online again for the rest of the week, but there really
wasn't anything unusual about that.  Often we'd go for days without catching
each other online.
	Saturday night finally came.  It had been a really hectic week and I was very
much looking forward to my little escape and being off the next day.  I didn't
change clothes; just wore what I'd worn to work that day--dress pants, a light
low-cut sweater with sleeves that end at the elbows and my low black heels. 
Underneath, I had on my red bra, black panties and black thigh-high stockings. 
Lately I had taken to wearing sexy underthings because they made me feel sexy. 
Sometimes it's a real spirit-booster.
	I pulled into the parking lot around 9 p.m.  The movie wouldn't start till
9:30 so I had plenty of time to smoke my other little spirit booster.  I
proceeded to do just that while keeping my eyes peeled for cops or nosy people.
 It was so pleasant to just sit there smoking and listening to the radio. 
After I felt sufficiently high and relaxed, I put the roach in my little tin
box and lit a cigarette.  The movie would be starting in about 15 minutes.  I
planned to finish the cigarette, park a little closer, then stagger inside and
grab a seat.
	I remember that a song I liked a lot was starting to play and I reached down
to turn it up.  When my eyes lifted there was a car cruising very close to
mine.  It circled me once, then parked right next to me  I could see the lone
driver--a man with dark hair and dark eyes--staring at me, which made me
uncomfortable but not scared.  Mostly I was just glad I'd finished my joint.
	The man got out of his car, still staring at me. He was handsome...tall, lean
but with muscles.  I averted my eyes and thought maybe I should put the
driver's side window back up.  I always keep it up while smoking the weed so
passers-by don't get a whiff, but after I'm finished I put it down so the smoke
can escape and I can smoke my cigarette without choking.   My hand moved toward
the button that moves the window up and down electronically, but I was a beat
too late, because suddenly his face was in my open window.
	Smiling at me he said, "Hi Heather".  
	I nearly fainted...you see it was just like my story.  Heather is my online
name.
	I opened my mouth to say something lame like "who are you?" but I knew good
and well who it was.  Only an online friend would call me Heather, and only one
online friend knew where I would be this night--and what time and what color
car and that I was stoned and muddled.  Jeez why didn't I just send him a map
and an engraved invitation while I was at it?
	Before I could even begin to utter the stupid question on my lips I heard a
loud click and was horrified to see a pearl-handled switchblade in his hand. 
He wasn't overtly threatening me with it--at least not yet.  He was still just
looking at me--looking me up and down in fact--and holding it lightly and
casually in his hand as though it were nothing more threatening than a pencil. 
My eyes could barely leave the wicked-looking blade.  One look at his eyes was
even scarier.  They were so dark and cold.  I felt rooted to the spot...almost
hypnotized...frozen with shock and fear.
	His next words were spoken in a low and menacing voice that made my blood run
cold.
	"You're not going to see any movie tonight, you teasing little bitch."
	I gasped at being spoken to this way by somebody I thought was a friend, but
before I could protest he snarled,  "This is what you're going to do.  Get out
of your car real slow, get into mine and don't make a sound.  If you scream I
swear it's the last sound you'll ever make  Do you believe me?"
	Stunned into silence, I nodded absently.  What the hell had just happened? 
The sudden terror was so unexpected.  I'd been feeling so mellow and at peace
only 20 seconds ago...
	My eyes shifted to the keys still dangling from the ignition.  My brain
desperately tried to shout a message to the rest of me....TURN THE DAMN KEY!!! 
PEEL THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!!!!   Yeah, easy for my brain to say.  I couldn't
even move I was so scared.  I mean, he was still in my window...his face only
inches from mine...and there was that blade....that sharp gleaming blade.  Any
sudden moves on my part and I could just imagine that blade whipping across my
throat....
	He either noticed where my eyes were looking or he read my mind, because even
though I hadn't moved a muscle he said  "Don't even think about trying that. 
I'll slice your fucking throat right here cunt.  Trust me, you'll  never have
time to even reach that key.  Wanna try it?"
	I felt my throat closing....tears welling up in my eyes.  My breathing had
become too rapid and was sounding ragged and screamy in my own ears.  Here was
the mind-numbing, muscle-contracting fear that I was so fascinated with while
safely spinning stories and roleplays on my computer.  This was it.  The real
thing.  So this is what it feels like,  I remember thinking at one point.  So
this is what it's like to be really afraid.  At the moment the only fantasy I
longed for was one in which I'd stayed home that night.   
	I kept praying this was some kind of sick joke on his part and any moment he'd
crack up laughing and say "Gotcha!!" or something.  That hope was fading fast. 
But I had to talk to him.  I mean this was Chuck!  My pal!!  The guy who was so
friendly and flattered that I'd liked his story.  Surely he was just a regular
person like me who happened to have a twisted fantasy or two.  Didn't we all? 
Nobody acted on them!
	"Chuck?",  I managed to gasp out.  "Chuck...c'mon....you're just kidding
ar-..." my words were cut off sharply as he yanked my car door open..
	"Shut the FUCK UP you stupid BITCH!!  Do what I SAY....NOW!!"  
	I knew that once I got out of my car and into his I would be in big trouble. 
Completely at his mercy.  But what else could I do?  He was too close for me to
get away and with the threats he'd made, it appeared I was already in big
trouble.  My only hope it seemed, would be to do as he said,  then maybe I
could reason with him before things got too far out of hand.  Yeah....right.
	I could feel my lips trembling as I looked up at him...trying to plead with my
eyes since he wouldn't let me speak.
	He glared at me.  "Now bitch....OUT.  We have somewhere to go.  Things to do. 
Heh hehehehe"
	Still looking up at him piteously I tried again.  "Please...", I whimpered,
"don't do this"
	Suddenly he had a painful grip on my arm and was pulling me out of the car.  I
really couldn't believe this was happening.  I was damning myself for choosing
such an isolated place to be parked.  But then I always parked in the isolated
spots on these occasions.
	"You're starting to piss me off honey.  You don't want to do that".
	Would he really murder me in this public parking lot if I screamed or tried to
run?  I realized that if he was crazed enough to come all this way for me then
he was capable of anything.  Before I could debate with myself further on the
matter, I was already inside his car...having been rudely shoved into the
passenger side and landing on my butt.  In a flash he was slamming his own door
and starting the engine.  My fate was sealed now and I knew it.
	Feeling totally defeated for the moment, I huddled in the seat as far against
the door as I could get, crying in fear and utter despair.  He kept looking
over at me and snickering.  Touching my hair....my face.  Crooning and sneering
at me in turn.
This was just too much.  I had to try again to reason with him.  With a great
effort I attempted to get my voice under control.
	"Chuck....P-please....can't we please just talk for a minute?  Please listen
to me"
	He turned to me grinning.
	"Oh...time to beg huh?  Ok let's hear it then!  This should be good".  As
though whatever I had to say was only for his amusement.  But it was my only
hope.
	"I.....I thought we were friends", I heard myself say in a shaking voice.
	"Oh sure.  We're about to get real friendly!" he leered.
	"NO!!  I mean.....why?  Why are you doing this to me?  You're scaring
me....and ...and you're nice!!  I know you are!"  I could hear myself start to
babble in my desperation.  I really wasn't doing a very good job of getting out
of this.
	"Why??"  He laughed outright, "WHY??  Remember all those sexy pictures?  The
wavs?"
	I could feel my face burning,  remembering how I enjoyed doing that.  How
exciting it was for me knowing I was turning him on.
	"Besides", he added,  "stop acting so shocked. You told me where you'd be
tonight, what time, where you park.  Hell, girl...you even described your car
to me.  You want this, slut.  You know you do".
	I think my jaw dropped when he said that.  Yes, I'd told him these things, but
how could I know he would actually travel just to find me?  Somehow that made
my situation even worse.  What chance would I have of talking him out of this
when he went to this much effort to make it happen?
	"NO!!"  I said loudly.  "we were just talking!!"
	"Dumbass bitch!!  You knew I'd come looking for you someday.  I told you I
would....and you made it so easy!"
	Tears were overtaking me again as I continued to protest.
	"I didn't know you were serious!  I didn't KNOW!!  We....we....it was all in
fun!  Oh please Chuck, I don't want this ok?  I really DON'T!  I'm sorry you
misunderstood but please just stop this now!!  Take me back to my car ok
Chuck??  PLEEEASE???"  	I was pleading desperately....my words coming
too fast, my voice trembling and teary.  He was shaking his head and laughing
like I'd just told a hilarious joke.  My heart sank.
	"You're too much!  You know that?  You really thought you could just keep
teasing me like that?  What am I?  A fuckin toy you like to play with?"  I
shook my head but he continued.  "Well fuck you bitch!  You're the toy tonight.
 My own little fuck toy.  I'm gonna play with you however I want.  Just
remember, bitch....this is your fault."
	As we continued to speed toward whatever destination he had planned, I sank
further into my seat with my hands over my face....covering my eyes in shame
and horror.  Oh Christ, I thought....what had I done?

**********

	The rest of that car ride was surreal.  I have no idea how long it was.  He
began leering at me again--touching me again as I cringed; touching my breasts
and between my legs with one hand while he drove.  He was torturing me with
threats of what was going to happen to me when we got stopped....
	"Yeeeaahhh....oh baby you're gonna get a fuckin allright.  I'm gonna fuck you
so hard......everywhere.  Your mouth, your pussy....that tight little
ass....ohhh, you're mine now bitch".
	Stunned and terrorized by his words I barely moved, just trembled all over,
wailing things like "Ohhhh shit!! oh God oh NOOO!"
	"Shut the fuck up cunt, we're almost there."
	I looked around, wondering where he was taking me.  I saw a hotel sign looming
ahead.  I allowed a slight hope to shine thru the muddled fear.  There were
other people at hotels.....if I could just get somebody's attention....
	"Listen up bitch cause this is what's gonna happen."  His hand snaked out and
grabbed my face, wet with tears.  "I'll be parking right in front of the
room--only a few feet to walk.  We won't draw as much attention that way.  Now
when I get parked you just keep your ass in that seat till I open your door for
you--real gentleman-like.  Don't forget my blade either.  I swear if you try to
run or make one damn sound I'll slice you on the spot.  Got it?"  
	I nodded, sniffling...trying hard not to panic.
	He smiled again, looking pleased.  "Good slut"
	When we were parked he paused to look me up and down again.  
	"You're going to be so much fun....damn I can't wait"  The look in his eyes
scared me so bad.
	Suddenly he was out of the car and moving rapidly to my side.  The door opened
and I realized there would be no more chance to run.  I was too scared to try
screaming.  I don't even know if a scream would have made it past my closed
throat.  He was gripping my arm again as he led me the few feet to the door. 
Within seconds we were inside.
	The bottom truly dropped out when he shut and locked the door.  What little
control I had left deserted me as I felt hysteria closing in.
	He was advancing toward me, a predatory look in his dark eyes and an evil
smile on his handsome face.  I was backing away from him, aware of just how
little space there was to back into.  I was shaking my head,
whimpering...."Nooo....no please.  Chuck please don't....NOOO!!!"   Soon he
would pounce like the damn animal he was, then God help me.
	When I could back up no further and he was inches away from me, I suddenly
kicked him as hard as I could in the shin, then dashed madly for the door.  I
couldn't help but feel a small bit of satisfaction when I heard a startled,
pained curse as the slightly pointed toe of my shoe connected, but oh god if he
caught me....
	"OWW!!  OH YOU FUCKING NO-GOOD BITCH!!!", I heard him yell as I grappled with
the doorknob--in my panic I seemed to forget it was locked.  Oh I was batting a
thousand tonight.  Breathing way too hard and too fast I finally found the lock
and was fumbling with it as I heard him cursing and stomping after me.  
	Before I could make any progress with the lock, I gasped as I was yanked
painfully backwards  by my long hair. Spinning me around he began slapping me
hard across my face.  I felt my lip split and tasted blood.  He slapped me
repeatedly while I shrieked--hoping someone would hear me and come to my
rescue.  He pulled me further into the room, away from the door, and stopped
slapping me long enough to give me a hard shove which sent me sprawling onto
the bed.   Then he was on me, holding me down while I continued to howl in pain
and fear.
	"SHUT....UP!!!"  I heard him growl between clenched teeth.  Then I heard that
ominous click again, and for the first time felt the sharp blade against my
throat.  My struggles and screams ended abruptly.
	"Bitch, do I have to kill you after all?  DO I???"
	Reduced to whimpers once again, I pleaded for my life.
	"NO!!  I'm sorry, I'm sorry no please don't kill me!",  hitching back a sob, I
continued,  "I was just scared...oh please Chuck don't kill me, don't hurt me
anymore!"  I think I kept saying his name to remind him of his humanity or
something, but it didn't work.
	"Are you gonna be a good whore now?" he queried, while putting more pressure
on the blade at my throat.
	"Yes", I croaked
	"SAY IT!!"
	The blade was starting to break the skin.  In his fury he was pushing it harder.  
	Hysterically I cried out, "YES!!!  YES I'LL BE A GOOD WHORE!!"
	He then made me say I was a filthy cum-slurping slut and that I wanted his big
cock.  Finally with great relief I felt the knife leave my neck and my hands
went there automatically to feel what damage had been done.  There was a little
blood, but luckily the cut didn't appear to be deep.
	My humiliation wasn't complete just yet.  He pulled me off the bed by my hair
and flung me to the middle of the room.  I stumbled, but managed not to fall.
	"Now get em off",  he commanded.  
	I stood there shaking, not quite comprehending, which pissed him off some
more.
	"Are you deaf now as well as dumb?", he snapped.  "Strip Bitch!!"
	One look at his face told me not to argue.  Feeling numb now, I quickly pulled
my sweater off as if I were at home--undressing in my own bedroom after a long
day.  Oh dammit how I wished I were there!  Hesitating only a moment, I then
undid my pants, my face burning from both the embarrassment and the recent
slaps.
	"Go slower slut!", he bellowed.
	For the first time I glared at him.  He laughed.
	"C'mon, don't be in such a hurry.  I'll fuck you soon enough.  Let me see what
you've got first".
	"I hate you!!", I hissed, "I'll never talk to you again!"  Pretty lame, I
know, and probably really stupid as well, but he just laughed, amused by my
outburst.
	"Just do it slut"
	Not really sure what he wanted, I slowly pushed my pants to the floor and
stepped out of them.  When he saw my thigh-highs he whistled with approval.
	"Yeah honey, leave those on.  You really were expecting me huh?  With your
whore underwear"  Mocking laughter followed.
	I didn't even bother to argue as I looked at him with dull hate.  Slowly,
without any more prompting, I removed my bra next, then my panties...all the
while trying not to hear his wolf whistles and comments about my body.
	He'd sat on the end of the bed sometime during my strip and now that I was
nude save for my stockings and heels, I stood still as he stared.
	"Come here"
	I trembled harder, but knew better than to refuse.  Slowly I moved forward
till I was standing in front of him.  He picked up my red bra from the floor
nearby and turned me around, pulling my wrists together behind my back, binding
them together tightly with my own bra.  Turning me back around to face him he
started pushing me down by my shoulders.
	"On your knees where you belong whore"  I let myself sink to them while he was
pushing me and nearly lost my balance.
	I knew what was next and I couldn't look.  When I heard the sound of his
zipper, I closed my eyes tightly and kept them closed while I heard him
undressing.  They flew open again, startled when he grabbed me by my hair once
again.  I gasped to see his huge, swollen weapon right in my face.  While
gripping my head firmly by the hair, he pulled my face closer and began rubbing
it on my lips.  I couldn't move my head, but my lips were clamped together.  I
knew that wouldn't help, that he'd get it in there eventually.  But every part
of me was crying out at the outrage and disgust I felt at what he was going to
make me do.  I was desperately fighting back tears--I musn't cry!!  If I cried
I knew I could suffocate.  Oh god I knew I could suffocate anyway, crying or
not.
	"Open up Bitch", he let go of his dick and once again I felt the knife at my
throat.  That did it.  Not wanting to get cut again, I quickly obeyed.  With no
hesitation he shoved himself forward.  My mouth was being forced open as wide
as possible to accommodate the sudden invasion.  Don't panic, oh don't panic oh
please oh god please let this be over with soon...I kept repeating this in my
head, trying to stay calm.
	"Ohhhhh....yeaaahhh Slut.  Suck it....suck it gooood"
	Odd that he should say that, since sucking isn't exactly what I was doing. 
There was nothing I could do but endure as I was subjected to an oral rape of
terrible brutality.  He stood, his legs apart somewhat to get better leverage I
suppose, and dropped the knife as he clutched my hair in both hands.  Holding
my head helplessly still this way, he begain thrusting into my mouth
hard....going deeper with each cruel shove.  I could feel my throat trying to
gag as the head of this horrible weapon battered it with every forward thrust
of his hips.  My jaw muscles began aching badly.  I couldn't try to back away
since he was holding my head in place so firmly and my hands were tied so
tightly behind my back.
	I was given a brief few moments of relief when he pulled out and began rubbing
his saliva-wet cock all over my face.  I was gasping in as much air as
possible, and it was a good thing I was because the assault on my mouth and
throat were only just beginning.
	He shoved his hateful instrument of torture into my mouth again, but instead
of the frantic in and out plunges of before he gripped my head even harder and
pushed and pushed till I felt him entering my throat.  My air was now cut off. 
Panic closed in as he held it there...no out strokes, just in and in as far as
he could push it.
	"Aw yeah bitch.  Take it all!  Swallow my big cock!  Heheheh...you look so
fuckin cute with your nose smashed against me like that...your mouth all full"
	With that, he jerked forward again even harder than before.  My body began to
thrash from lack of air.  Cruelly, he laughed even harder at this and said, "I
wonder how long you can hold your breath?"
	Finally he drew out enough so I could snatch a quick breath, then plunged
forward again--even deeper down my throat this time.  I was sure he'd kill me
as he picked up an even more furious pace than before, pistoning in and out of
my mouth and throat as hard as he could--not caring at all how much it hurt
me...not caring that I couldn't breathe.  Never had I felt so insignificant, so
used.  I was nothing during those torturous moments.  Nothing but a hole to be
abused.  All I could do was try to keep my head and pray he'd finish soon.
	Finally I felt his body stiffen as he let out a harsh cry and shoved into my
throat one last time--harder than ever--and held it there as his cock began to
jerk.  A sudden rush of liquid was filling my throat and flowing straight down.
 My body was convulsing as my abused throat tried to gag in protest. 
Frantically, I forced my throat to swallow while it was desperately trying to
cough it up.  With his steadily-shooting hardness still buried in there I
feared I would choke to death for sure if I didn't allow his disgusting fluids
to go down.
	"Ahhhh...YEAH!!", he was shouting.  "Swallow every drop, Whore!  That's what
cunts like you have a mouth for". 
	Oh, the awful bastard!  He truly was vile.
	When he finally withdrew, I was horrified to see he was still hard...still
huge.  The angry weapon was far from finished with me.
	He released my hair and I fell to the floor.  I lay there on my
side--coughing, breathing--it felt good to just be able to breathe again.  He
was standing over me, also breathing hard--no doubt from his brutal exertions. 
My eyes were closed.  I didn't want to see any more....ever.
	When he spoke again it was with a grudging admiration.  His voice was almost
kind.
	"Damn baby....you got a hot little mouth on you there.  You did good.  You
might live to see another day after all!"
	I refused to speak or even look at him.  He bent down and suddenly scooped me
up--one arm under my knees and the other around my waist.
	"Come on.  Daddy's got a reward for you."


To be continued....




Heather Meets the Vile Gamer...part 2

	
	He carried me that way to the bed and laid me almost gently on my back--my
bound wrists under me.
	"Please...", I whimpered, "please....no more"
	"Aw, you'll like this.  I know I will!"
	Rudely he gripped me between the legs and I gasped as one of his fingers slid
roughly into me.
	"WET!",  he declared, and laughed with delight.  "God damn, girl, you're
SOAKED!"
	Yes, I knew that and it wasn't fair.  Whenever I went down on my husband I
always got wet--his groans and sighs turning me on immensely.  That was normal.
 But why the hell was I wet now?  I didn't enjoy the brutal face-fucking I'd
just lived thru.  Nor did I want this terrible man to touch me.  So why??  I
didn't even want to think about why--or why the nerve endings in my nether
regions were tingling so much.
	Chuck, of course, had his own theory.
	"You want it, don't you baby?  You want me to fuck that sweet pussy don't
you?"
	Again I glared at him.  I raised my head and felt my lips curl into a snarl.
	"NO!!!",  I nearly shouted.  "I fucking HATE YOU you sick motherfucker!!!"
I really couldn't help it--he was just so goddamn smug.
	SLAP!!  My head was knocked back down to the bed by another blow.
	"Lying Bitch!" he spat.  "Fine, say what you want, but this cunt of yours
can't lie".
	Quickly he was on me, spreading my legs, shoving himself forward till I could
feel his hated tool at the private entrance to my body--pushing, probing,
stretching.  All the tears I'd held back during my last ordeal flowed freely as
I felt every inch of him filling me...splitting me.
	"Ohhhhhyeahhhh baby.....so sweet", he was crooning as I sobbed.  I wasn't
really crying out of pain or even fear this time.  I think my tears were of
heartbreak.  I remember feeling more defeated when he entered me this way than
anything that had happened so far.  I mean, the face-fucking nightmare was no
more intimate than any  violent attack--and it was bad enough, but now this
beast had invaded my very womanhood.  Even if he stopped right now, it was too
late.  He'd stolen something from me that could never be returned.
	I desperately tried to block out thoughts of my poor husband while this animal
began thrusting and churning inside me.  No other man had ever touched me since
before we got married.  Tom had no idea what deviltry I'd been up to with this
online "friend", and never in his wildest dreams could he have imagined what
was happening to his wife right now.  He was probably chatting happily online,
or watching tv...enjoying his time alone and waiting for me to come home from
the movie--still high and giving my giggling review of what I'd just watched.  
I could never ever tell him about this night.  I prayed he would never find
out.  It would break his heart.  I swore silently that I would take the events
of this night to my grave. 
	Chuck had been filling me with long, slow but steady thrusts--making that
shameful tingle inside me intensify and spread.  Despite my tears, my agonizing
thoughts of Tom, and the pain in my arms, shoulders and wrists from having them
still bound and underneath me, an unwanted pleasure had begun building in me
and was growing.  I was truly mortified--especially because the bastard knew
this.
	"Haaaahhh....oh yes...cum for me doll", he coaxed as his thrusts steadily
picked up speed, making that hateful wave of pleasure build even higher.
	"Oh,...Oh...Ohhhhh...uh uh uh ....uh uh....uuhhhhh",  I could hear those
unmistakable moans and coos that herald an approaching orgasm escaping me,
encouraging him to go even faster...harder.  NO!!, my mind was protesting
urgently.  I can't possibly cum!  Not like this...not with him.  But the way he
was playing my body, the way he was moving, as if he knew what it liked...no
brutality this time, just hot hot fucking....was pushing my senses over the
edge.  The sonofabitch was deliberately pushing me to a powerful climax.
	Grunting and grinding in me, he began shouting encouragement.
	"Do it bitch!!  Uhhhh....cum on me!  Cum on my cock ....ahhhhh yes my little
whore..."
	WHACK WHACK WHACK went the headboard as it began hitting the wall...sounding
out a rhythm of lust.
	"AAAAAHHHHhhhh...Ohhhhh...UUUHHHHH...." , my helpless cries of shameful
passion were mingling with his groans and curses...
	He paused his steady rhythmic pounding long enough to seize my legs, pushing
my knees apart further and sliding his arms under them...using his weight to
shove them against my chest.  This new position allowed even deeper penetration
than before and he soon resumed his frantic pace.
	There was no hope of holding out now.  The orgasmic waves that had been
lapping at me as they grew higher became a tidal wave of sensation.  My body
stiffened suddenly as if electrocuted.  My back arched...my head thrashed from
side to side....my helpless cries of building passion became gutteral,
animal-like shrieks as every nerve in my sex exploded and radiated signals of
bitter pleasure thru every limb.  Indeed every inch of my captive body was
engulfed in that tidal wave as I writhed under the onslaught.
	Dimly I could hear my rapist's howls of triumph and growls of pleasure as my
dramatic climax began pushing him over the edge as well.  Harder than ever he
pounded his lust into me till he too, stiffened ..then gripped me even tighter
as I felt his hot rush of sperm shoot inside me.
	Releasing my legs, he collapsed on top of me and laid there while we both
panted and gasped for breath.  Nothing was said for quite a while.  The
intensity of the encounter had stunned us both.  Slowly he moved off of me,
laid on his side and began caressing me while staring at my face...into my
eyes, as if trying to read my thoughts.
	"Would you please untie me now?" I whined.  My arms were really killing me. 
He nodded, still looking stunned, and pushed me onto my side, my back to him. 
After some fumbling, he got my bra unknotted and my hands were finally free.  I
hissed in pain when I pulled them away from my back and began rubbing them.  
	Chuck pulled me against him while we still lay on our sides, and was holding
me and snuggling against me spoon-like.  Unbelievable.
	"Damn baby!",  he was whispering, "Oh wow.....that was so....ahh Christ,
you're really somethin' else".
	Anger and hatred welled up in me again--they'd never really left, but had been
momentarily drowned out along with everything else in the throes of the
mind-blowing orgasm he'd forced on me.  But I still hated him...fiercely.  Just
because we'd both experienced what may have been the most powerful cum we'd
ever had, after everything he'd done to me, ...what the hell was he expecting? 
Sighs and romance??
	I suddenly broke his embrace and got off the bed.  He looked at me, startled. 
I looked back at him as I stood there, my eyes as cold as his had been before,
I'm sure.  The hatred in them had to be obvious.
	"I'm going now", I declared coldly.  "Don't bother taking me back.  I'll find
my way."  I couldn't bear to be in his company another second, and surely he
was done with me. As it turned out, I should have at least pretended some
affection..
	"THE FUCK YOU ARE!!", he shouted furiously.  Jumping up from the bed, he
grabbed me by the arms and shook me hard as he continued yelling at me.
	"Bitch, you don't fuckin leave till I THROW you out!  You got that?? DO YOU?"
	Oh god...I'd done it now.  Whatever nice mood raping me had put him in was
gone now and the animal was back.
	"You don't WANT me to be nice do you?  You fuckin TRAMP!"
	The last word was delivered with another hard slap, and I slumped in his grip,
sobbing again.
	"I just want to go home!!" I cried.
	"You might never go home again, slut!"  He began laughing then--a harsh,
menacing sound.
	"W-what?"  My head jerked up in horror as I looked into his face.  Was he
going to kill me then after all?
	"Yeah, I just might keep you with me as my own personal fuck-slave."  He began
warming to the idea.  "That would be so fuckin cool ...I could keep you chained
up in my basement.  Maybe get a dog cage for you.  Fuck you whenever I want. 
I've read about how to break a slut....always wanted to try it.."  He was
grinning...looking dreamy-eyed as if he were really getting into the awful
notion of keeping me like some kind of pet.
	"Chuck...please don't say that!"  I began to beg.  "You....you....oh god...you
can't just keep me forever!  Don't do that to me....I have a family!"  I was
crying harder as I pleaded.
	"Oh, I know.  When I got tired of you I could probably sell you.  You know,
there really is a market for sex slaves.  You just gotta know how to find a
buyer.  Shouldn't be too hard these days.  What with the internet and all. 
Hell you can find anything there".  
	I was horrified.  To be raped was one thing....hopefully I could walk away
from this and put it behind me, but I knew I'd rather die than endure what he
was describing.
	Throwing me onto the bed again, he sneered, "How would you like that whore? 
You'd never see your faggot husband or brat again!"  He cackled wickedly and I
completely broke down.
	I could vaguely hear him rummaging around the room, opening drawers and laying
out things as I cried hysterically.
	"Aw shut up" he said mildly,  "can't you take a joke?"
	A JOKE???  I couldn't believe this.  Too frightened to show further anger,
however, I pleaded again to be allowed to leave.
	Climbing onto the bed, he roughly shoved me onto my stomach and pulled my arms
behind me again.  I felt rope winding around my wrists. 
	"Nope, not yet slut.  I'm not done with you."
	"Oh God....Pleeeaaase!" I sobbed.  "Haven't you done enough to me?" Rope was
now being wound around my ankles tightly.  Pulling them up, he fastened them to
my bound wrists.  I was now painfully hog-tied.
	"No I haven't, but I've definitely heard enough out of you" he chuckled as he
picked up my panties from the floor and shoved them into my mouth as far as he
could get them.  I could feel myself trying to gag as my already tortured
throat tried to expel them from its entrance.  With a great effort, I made
myself stop gagging and try to adapt to the new invasion.  Another length of
rope was tied around my still-open mouth to hold them in place so I couldn't
spit them out.  Chuck stood back to admire his handiwork.
	"Goddamn, that's so sexy", he sighed.  "There's nothing and I mean nothing
sexier than a hog-tied bitch with a gag in her mouth....and baby, you're about the
sexiest I've seen"
	Without warning he reached over to one of my breasts and pinched the nipple
tightly, twisting it hard for good measure.  I screamed in surprised pain.
	"Perfect.  I barely heard anything ...just a sexy noise.  Now nobody can hear
you but me.   Damn I love to hear gagged screams."
	I couldn't believe he'd just hurt me so much for no other reason than to test
out my gag.  How could I have been friends with someone so sadistic?  
	I made another painful sound into the gag as he pulled my head up by my hair. 
His lips were to my ear so I wouldn't miss one terrifying word of what he said
next.
	"And baby I'm gonna hear all kinds of screams before we're done.  You didn't
think I'd forgotten about that gorgeous tight ass of yours did you?
Without meaning to I gave him the thrill he was after by screaming again into
the gag.  I couldn't help it.  I was trying to scream  "NOOOO!!  OH PLEASE
DON'T DO THAT!!! DONNNN'T!!!"   but all that was escaping was something that
sounded like "MMMMMPPHH OOOHHHH...EEEEEESHHHH OHHHHH!!"
	He was laughing as he said, "Riiiight....scream for me bitch....look how
fuckin hard I am again."
	He was.  Oh God....I knew he was going to hurt me badly now.  If for no other
reason than to hear my muffled screams.  
	He retrieved his knife from the floor then, and began amusing himself by
running  the sharp blade over my face, down my neck.  Pushing me onto my side
he concentrated on my breasts....flicking the nipples lightly...caressing them
with his deadly toy. 
	I was trying so hard to remain calm and lay as still as possible, but I
couldn't prevent the frightened mewlings and whimpers I heard myself making. 
From his reactions they were obviously music to his ears, but it couldn't be
helped.  I was so damn scared.  The scaredest I'd been since this nightmare
began.  
	"I could take one of these with me you know", he said softly as he circled one
of my breasts with his blade.  "There's not one single thing you could do to
stop me either......oh baby..I can just imagine how your screams would sound". 
More helpless screams tore thru my gagged throat.  Could somebody just die of
fear?, I wondered. 
	I don't think I really believed he would do that.  I was hoping he was only
saying these horrible things to terrorize me as much as possible.  It was
working, because I really had no idea what he would or wouldn't do.  I knew
things like that happened every day.  And he was obviously crazy....I mean,
here I was.
	Chuck finally moved away from my breasts, and slowly traced the rest of my
body with the tip of his wickedly sharp blade.  I shuddered and quivered during
this, but had stopped making noises thru the gag, so he soon became bored  and
moved on to a subject he knew would get a reaction out of me.  Pulling my head
straight back by my hair again, he put his lips to my ear and said in a low,
rasping voice,
	"Gawd, what a fine ass.....I can't wait to shove my dick in there...and I'm
going to doll....there's not one damn thing you can do about it"
	The high-pitched wail coming from me was pleasing him again. I knew he meant
what he said this time. No matter why he was telling me.  
	I felt him untying my ankles from my wrists, then my ankles were untied from
each other.  I remember feeling a brief hope that maybe he'd release me after
all when he began untying my wrists as well.  That hope was soon dashed when I
realized he was only untying me in order to tie me again differently.  When he
was finished I was on my stomach with each wrist tied to each ankle, so that my
limbs could be spread. 
	Chuck's rough hands began to roam over my helplessly exposed behind while he
made sounds like a starving man who sees a feast laid out before him.  I was
moaning and trembling in dread of what I knew was about to happen.  Even my
heart felt like it was trembling inside me as it hammered out a cold scared
rhythm.
	"This is it baby....the grand finale", his voice sounded thick with new lust. 
"I've wanted to nail that beautiful ass ever since I saw that picture of it".
	He was behind me now, pulling apart my bound-together limbs as he spoke.
	"Now it's mine.....all mine"
	I pulled at my restraints as hard as I could, shaking my head NO frantically,
screaming "NOOOO!!  DON'T!!  DONNNN'T!!!" into the gag.  The panic I'd been
fighting all night descended on me now. He was right--there was nothing I could
do.  There was no escape.  Beneath the panic and terror I knew that my screams
and useless struggles were not only inflaming his lust even more, but would
only intensify the pain that was in store for me.  I knew this, but couldn't
stop....no more than I could escape or stop what was happening to me.  I'd
never been so panicked and so helpless to save myself.
	See, I'd experienced anal sex before.  I knew how much pain was involved, or
so I thought.  My limited experience with this type of sex was of the gently
probing, inch-by-inch variety.  But no matter how gentle and caring were the
lovers I'd allowed to take me that way, there was always intense pain involved.
 My complete terror and dread came from knowing that this man, this horrific
parody of a lover, would in no way be gentle and patient with me. There would
be no concern for my pain, just the opposite; there would be a lust for it. I'd
roleplayed with him, remember.  His graphic descriptions of how he would
sodomize me made me shudder at the time and feel very glad that we were only
pretending.  Now the pretending was over.  
	He was gripping my hips tightly, his weight on his arms holding the lower part
of my body down easily while the rest of me was still thrashing wildly,
determined to make it as hard for him as I could.  In my hopeless desperation I
think I was hoping he would just give up. Yeah, I know that was dumb...but who
could think clearly at a time like that? 
	He let go of me with one hand and I could feel his hardness between my legs as
he rubbed it over my swollen pussy lips.  He was laughing because I was still
so wet.  To my dismay I was wetter than ever.  Some of it was his recent
ejaculation, but most of it was me and we both knew it.  I didn't even want to
know why I was so wet when I was so scared at the same time.  I gasped as he
harshly entered me; moaned as he fucked me hard for several minutes, then
shrieked again when he pulled out and began forcing himself between my
asscheeks.  After some probing (accompanied with curses at me and commands to
"keep still goddammit")  his awful weapon found its target and began pushing
relentlessly forward.
	My heart-stopping panic intensified as all of my body's resistance was
conquered by the invading shaft. The steady pressure against my small opening
soon became a blinding agony as the muscle was forced to stretch unnaturally
wide to accomodate it.  Although he spared me the savage first thrust I'd been
fearfully expecting, he wasn't exactly gentle either.  Once his massive
tool--slick from our combined juices he'd just dipped into--began to open me he
didn't hesitate to keep pushing till he was buried in my ass to the hilt.  My
desperate pleading shrieks had become long shrill screams of unbearable pain
that no gag could muffle completely.  
	Chuck only paused for a few moments after his entire length was inside
me....to relish my screams, my pain, my tightness.  
	"OHHHH FUCCK THAT'S TIGHT!!!",  I could dimly hear him shouting behind my own
screams.  "Damn, that sounds so sexy.... Here it comes bitch"
	My screams became even louder if possible when, before I could recover from
the  agony of his sudden initial entry, he pulled out about halfway and drove
forward again...harder this time.  Again and again he pulled out, sometimes
nearly all the way, only to force his way back into my ass harder than ever....
my tortured screams driving him on to even crueler thrusts.
	"...SCREAM BITCH!!!  SCREEEEAMM!!!",  he shouted as he furiously pounded his
lust into me...mercilessly.....the pace of his thrusts increasing by the
second. 
	I'm sure he wasn't disappointed.  I was screaming so hard at that point my
vocal chords were beginning to feel damaged.  
	My cries began to taper off as the horrible pain lessened to a dull, raw and
chafing ache under the frenzied assault.  I realized I would survive this and
steeled myself to endure it till he finished and prayed it would be soon. 
Before long I was only crying out when, sensing my grim detachment, Chuck would
stab into me with a cruel lunge while yanking my helpless body against his by
my hips or sometimes by my bound limbs....sending a sharp fresh pain through my
violated rear passage and forcing more muffled screams from my tortured throat.
	The torment seemed to go on forever.  I suppose I wasn't terrorized enough to
suit him, because at one point he paused long enough to remove my gag, then
loop a length of rope around my neck.  I gasped when he gripped the rope
tightly, pulling me back towards him with it, and resumed raping my ass with
long, hard strokes.  The rope was pulled tighter with each forward lunge.  His
voice was suddenly in my ear.
	"Wanna die like this cunt?  While I'm fucking your ass?"  he began laughing
maniacally.
	I understood why the gag was no longer needed as I struggled to speak,  to
scream...anything!  I couldn't make any sounds except quietly choking ones.  My
vocal chords were squeezed to silence and soon my air was cut off as well.
	"Uuuh...yeah....I could choke the life out of you right now slut, and nobody
would know...",   more laughter, then, "Are you scared?  Are you??"
	Oh god...why was he doing this?  I was thrashing as hard as my bound and
painfully impaled body was able to, wondering if this was it....if my life
would be over in a few more minutes. 
	He had shifted position and was lying on top of me now, between my tightly
bound and spread limbs while he fucked and choked me.  Suddenly his hand snaked
underneath me.  His fingers soon found my clit and began working it expertly. 
The sensation-- all  sensations--seemed intensified as I struggled to breathe. 
He was playing with me by letting up on the pressure of the rope long enough
for me to gasp in a few breaths, then he would tighten it again as he continued
to rape me while stimulating my clitoris.
	I don't know if it was the terror of impending death, the skill of his
fingers, the constant steady thrusts into my tortured bottom, or all things
combined:  But  I was suddenly aware that a violent orgasm was building
rapidly.  When it hit me, it hit without further warning and it hit hard. 
	For the most part, Chuck's grip on the rope had loosened considerably, and he
seemed to be holding it mostly for show as he concentrated his efforts
elsewhere.  Then for the second time that night my body stiffened as the jolts
hit me.  Animal-like cries escaped me and bright lights flashed and exploded
behind my closed eyes. 
	Dimly I could hear him gasp with surprise, then roar as my violated rectum
clamped onto his invading cock--as if in revenge.  Meanwhile my whole body was
shuddering and thrashing with the power of this unexpected climax.  I can't
even say it was pleasurable, but it was the most intense thing I ever felt.  I
was assaulted by those violent waves as surely as I was being assaulted by this
horrible creep who was causing them.
	"AAAgghhhh!!!  OH FUCK!!!  .....godDAMN!!!"  he shouted,  then began slamming
into my still-spasming hole harder than ever while jerking me back by the rope
around my neck.  I surely would have screamed again; it hurt so badly, but that
was impossible since once again my air was cut off by the ever-tightening rope.
	I could tell by his violent, quickening thrusts,  groans and curses that his
own delayed orgasm was finally about to hit, but those excruciating moments
were like a grotesque race.  Would he finally cum before I strangled during his
throes?  Would he remember to release his tighter-than-ever grip on the rope in
time when his lust was finally sated?  Or was this his intention all
along....to take my very life just as he'd taken everything else as he blasted
off into my dying body?  My fate was totally in his hands.  There was nothing I
could do.
	The edges of my vision were going dark when I felt his body stiffen on top of
me, his rampaging tool beginning to jerk inside me.  Then, with a loud shout
and another five or six violent forward shoves, I finally felt the wetness
inside my horribly used ass as he began shooting his third load of the night
into my bowels.  He was finally spent, and only then did he release the rope,
right before pulling out of me.
	Once again I gulped huge gasps of air then collapsed, sobbing with relief that
he was finished and I was still alive.  He rolled off me and lay on his back
panting.  That and my quiet sobs were the only noises in the room for a very
long time.  I could feel his eyes on me, but I'd turned my head away from him,
my eyes closed.  I couldn't look at him anymore.  I didn't want to see his face
ever again.  It sounded like he was about to say something, but didn't. 
Instead he got up from the bed and soon I heard water running from what must
have been the bathroom.
	I lay there, still bound, in pain and in shock I think. It seemed that a
million different thoughts were flying thru my mind, but none of them would
stay with me.  Any attempt at coherent thought failed miserably since all
thoughts would dissapate like smoke.  I couldn't focus.  I didn't even know
what was going to happen to me next.
	I finally opened my eyes when Chuck returned.  I still couldn't look at his
face, but I saw him well enough to see that he was dressed now, and I took that
as a hopeful sign.  Maybe this nightmare was really almost over.
	He untied me then.  I sat up slowly, trying to rub the circulation back into
my arms and legs.  He stood watching me quietly, then stepped forward and
handed my clothes to me.  He'd been holding them all along I guess.  
	"Here, Heather",  he said in a quiet voice that sounded nothing like the mean,
taunting, cursing animal I'd just spent the evening being abused by.  So it's
Heather now?, I remember thinking.  I wondered what happened to Bitch, Cunt or
any number of the charming names he'd referred to me as all night.
	 "You probably want to go to the bathroom."
	I did look up then.  I had to see if he looked as different as he sounded. 
The rage and venom seemed to be missing, but I still didn't trust him.
	"Go on....really.....go ahead".  he said while standing back, as if to assure
me he wouldn't interfere, or that this wasn't a cruel trick.
	"You......you're ...."  I stuttered, scared to even ask.
	"What?"
	"You're going to....to let me go now?"  There.  It was out.  I waited for the
laughter, the taunts, the namecalling.  Stupid Bitch probably the first.
	"Yeah",  he sighed.  "I'll take you back to your car.  Whenever you're ready,
ok?"
	Still eyeing him warily, I snatched my clothes from his outstretched arms and
dashed to the bathroom,  shutting the door and locking it before he could
change his mind and start hitting me or something.
	Once alone,  I sank to the floor with my back against the wall and just sat
there a while, hugging my knees to my chest.  I didn't cry.  This was the time
I needed to pull myself together.  I had no idea what time it was.  The ordeal
had seemed to last for hours and hours.  Surely it was close to morning. 
God...Tom must be frantic with worry, I thought with real pain.  I then
remembered the watch in my purse.  I'd  put it in there the other day because
the band had broken on it, but the watch itself was still working..  With much
trepidation I looked thru my purse till I found it.  11:22 it said.  NO WAY!! 
The movie I'd meant to watch that night wouldn't even be over yet.  And even if
it was, I remembered telling Tom before I left that I'd probably make a stop at
the 24-hour Wal-Mart, and he knew I took forever in there.  That should give me
enough time to get myself together mentally before I went home and had to face
my husband. 	
	Now I needed to concentrate on getting my look back together.  I knew I must
be a mess, but I still got quite a shock when I stood back up and looked into
the mirror.  I heard myself moaning with dismay.  Oh my god....how was I going
to explain this?  My almost deathly-pale face was a canvas of splotches, some
of them turning to bruises.  My upper lip was swelling at the corner of my
mouth, and I could see the dried blood from where it had split.  I remembered
the hard slaps I'd received when I tried to escape, and I hated Chuck with a
new fury.  There were marks on my neck from the rope, and the thin cut on my
neck had broken open and fresh blood was smeared there.  I was already making
plans to wear a lot of choker-necklaces and high-necked blouses for the next
several days.
	Chuck had unfortunately picked that moment to stand outside the door and ask,
"Heather?  You ok?"  He must have heard me when I saw my face.
	The hatred I saw in the mirror distorted my face even further.  I bit back the
"fuck you asshole" that sprung to my lips first.  I was still scared to death
of him after all, and my mouth had probably gotten me in enough trouble that
night, so instead I shot back simply "I'm PEACHY!".   Ok, so it came out
sounding louder and more sarcastic than I meant for it to....but dammit, ..I'd
been hurt by him.  Badly.  
	My sarcasm didn't seem to offend him since I heard him moving further into the
room muttering,  "Ok...ok.  just checking".  I turned back to the mirror to
survey the damage further.  My eyes were puffy and red from crying.  That
wasn't good. I'm one of those people who can't cry even a little without it
ruining my eyes for the rest of the day.   I tried to remember which movie I'd
said I was seeing that night;  it had been wiped from my mind for a while.  It
came to me then.  American Psycho.   Shit.  It wasn't likely I could convince
Tom that this movie was a tear-jerker.  Otherwise that problem would be
covered.  He knew what a baby I was over sad movies.  He'd laughed and teased
me when I came home with red and puffy eyes after seeing  Titanic.  
	I began to clean myself up as best as I could.  I didn't want to take a shower
here, although a shower is what I longed for the most.  For one thing it would
take too long.  I wanted out of here and as far away from that bastard outside
the door as I could get.  I made do with the sink and a wet washrag and tried
to scrub as much of his touch and scent from me as I could.
	My hair was a matted mess...it had been pulled so many times I wasn't
surprised.  After combing thru it and applying some makeup, I did look a little
better, but I still had these awful bruises to explain.  I decided I'd just
have to think of something and hope I could be convincing.  I didn't even know
how I was going to face going home at all.  How could I just act like
everything was normal when everything was fucked up beyond words?




Heather Meets the Vile Gamer...the conclusion

	I couldn't stay in this bathroom all night hiding from Chuck, nor did I want
to.  I wanted out of there so bad.  I just wished I didn't have to be near him
anymore.  Damn, I thought.  I was going to have to get back into his car with
him.  He said he would take me back to my car, but like I'd said before, I
didn't trust him.  But what choice did I have really?   If I struck out on
foot, with my luck I'd probably be attacked again. He'd chosen a hotel quite a
distance from the theater where my car was still parked.  At least I hoped it
was still there, since I'd been forced out of it with the keys still in the
ignition.  My eyes closed in a wince as I remembered the paralyzing fear when I
first saw him holding his switchblade so casually outside my open car window. 
I hadn't even realized how bad it would get.  Could that really only have been
a few hours ago??  It didn't seem possible.  I felt a million years older since
then.
	Taking a deep breath, I opened the bathroom door and walked into the room with
my purse on my shoulder--the impatient woman who's ready to go and go now, the
gesture said.  He looked up at me from the bed where he'd been sitting.  I
didn't like the look in his eyes as he looked at my freshened-up appearance...I
didn't like it a bit.  He wasn't exactly looking evil again,  just.....hungry. 

	"Ok...I'm ready...ok?",  I mumbled, looking down.  
	"Come here for a minute.....please?"
	I looked at him, trying to control the hatred I'd seen in the mirror earlier. 
He was patting the space on the bed next to him. Indicating he wanted me to sit
by him.
	"Come on Heather....we need to talk.  Really."
	"No we don't!"  I blurted too quickly.  "I...I don't want to talk to you right
now.  I just want to go".
	"I won't hurt you anymore.  Ok?  I promise."
	Something in how he said that soothed me a little...just a little.  Besides, I
wanted to get home, and in one piece preferably.  I was still too scared to
outright refuse.  Slowly I approached the bed.


	Gingerly I perched on the very edge of the bed, as far from him as possible. 
He actually looked hurt, but shrugged a little and turned toward me.
	"Ok Heather.  I just wanted to say....well, there's a lot I'd like to say, but
nothing you want to hear right now."
	I continued to stare straight ahead.  
	"But there's one thing I have to tell you...something you should know in case
you're thinking of going to the police".
	I turned toward him then, startled.  That was the last thing I wanted to do! 
But then, I don't suppose he could have known that.
	"I have copies and printouts of all the pictures you sent me,  all the letters
too.  All of our conversations are logged--remember our roleplays?  Oh, and
those wavs..."
	I had no doubt that he'd kept and logged everything.  Of course.  The perfect
crime.  The bastard.  The most fucked up thing about this whole night was that
no matter how I'd been brutalized, no matter how scared I was I had only myself
to blame and I knew it.  Maybe I should have called this story Stupid Bitch
Gets What's Cumming to Her.  That's exactly how raw and ugly and sordid this
sorry ass tale has been.  And so true!!  Damn, that title rings so true!
	It really sickened me now, knowing he had my pictures--the sexy ones
especially that I'd teased him with.  My face burns even now when I think of
him looking at them...remembering....gloating.
	"I know you said no...a lot, and that I really raped you.  Maybe I'd go down
for it", he said lightly with a shrug.  "but would you really want all of that
coming out?  It would you know...."
	I was shaking my head.  "I'm not...I won't" , I whispered.  
	He kept talking as though he hadn't heard me.  Maybe he hadn't; or maybe he
just wanted to say these things to make me continue feeling helpless.  He
really had no clue as to how little his evidence meant to me....at least in any
legal sense.
	"...all of it.  Not just the roleplays, but everything.  Everything you ever
said to me.  Like I remember this one conversation we had when you said
something like 'you gotta find me first!'...that was so damn cute...."
	I'd heard enough and blurted,  "I said I WON'T!!" quite loudly this time.  In
a little lower, but still nearly hysterical voice, I continued trying to
convince him.  See, I wanted him assured that he could walk away from this--it
seemed the only way he was going to let me go.  
	"You don't have to keep telling me these things!!  I'm NOT going to the damn
cops!  I never was!  Nothing you said convinced me.  I just....I don't want
anybody to know."  I knew I was telling the truth.  Nobody could know about
this....I would die.
	Looking somewhat relieved he began easing closer to me.  I still didn't like
how he was looking at me.  Not at all.
	"Well cool!  Now that we've got that settled...."   I didn't like the sound of
his voice either.  Him arm went around me....like we were on a date for
godssakes.  
	Trying to wriggle away from his one-armed embrace I fairly whined,
"Chuck....please.  I need to go now....I want to go now!  OK??....CHUCK!!"
	Without warning he'd pulled me to him firmly, gripped my face, then forced a
kiss on me.  "Gee,"  I thought sarcastically as I tried to twist my head away, 
"our first kiss".  I shoved at his steadily advancing chest...he was getting
too close...pushing me backwards.
	I managed to break the kiss..."DON'T!!!!".....he ignored me, bearing his body
down on me till I was on my back.  "NOOOOO!!", I wailed pitifully.  "Get off
me, Chuck!!  Dammit Please get OFFF!!!"  Still ignoring my pleas, he was
holding me down with his body while kissing me roughly....my lips, my
neck...groping at my breasts, pinching the nipples.  Having the luxury of not
being tied up this time, I was trying to shove him off me or away from me as
hard as I could; twisting under him in a pathetic attempt to scoot out from
under.  All my efforts, of course, were useless.  My struggles had turned him
on again, and he was much stronger than me.  I didn't have a chance.  
	I could feel his hardness against me as I fought that brief and losing battle,
 amazed that he was hard again, despairing that he'd never let me go.  He was
breathing hard, holding me down with one arm as he urgently undid his jeans, a
wild look in his eye.
	I tried again.  "CHUCK NNNOOO!!!  NO MORE...."  I was starting to cry again. 
"You PROMISED!!!"
	"I promised not to hurt you..",  he muttered while jerking at my pants now. 
"and I won't."  Pulling them off me easily and shoving them impatiently aside,
he forced himself between my tightly clenched legs and lunged forward.  When I
screamed, he clamped his hand over my mouth but kept going.  I couldn't believe
it.  Just when I thought this nightmare was over there I was, helplessly pinned
under him while he raped me again.  
	At least he wasn't brutal this time.  He didn't hit me or threaten me or even
call me a bad name.  I suppose he thought he was being romantic. 
*****
	When he finally took me back to my car (it was still there, keys and all),
he'd barely gotten his car stopped all the way when I quickly opened the door
and scrambled out before he could stop me.  As I slammed the door I could hear
him saying "Heather, wait", but I wasn't slowing down for anything.  I didn't
want to hear anything more he had to say.  I never wanted to see him again.
	Before he could try to pursue me I was in my car and peeling out of there as I
wished I'd done as soon as he approached my window an eternity ago.  As an
after-thought I even flipped him the birdy finger as my tires squealed.  I
know...it was terribly juvenile and a bit redundant in this case, but for a few
seconds it made me feel a little better.
	It didn't look like he was going to chase me.  I drove around for a while,
radio blasting, muttering to myself like a lunatic.  When I was sure I wasn't
being followed I pulled into Wal-Mart's parking lot and sat there a long time
before going in.  Reaction sat in and I began shaking uncontrollably. 
Alive....alive...the word reverberated in my head over and over.  I was
alive....I'm alive.

The Aftermath

	To this day no one knows what happened to me that night a few months ago.. 
Well...no one but him.
I've never spoken of it aloud, not even to myself when alone.  I never will
either.
	I had hoped against hope that Tom would be asleep when I got home, but when I
walked in he was kicked back on the couch watching tv and waiting up for me. 
One look at my bruised face and swollen, cut lip made him spring to his feet,
eyes wide.
	"Baby!!  What happened to you??"
	To my own surprise I burst into tears, explaining while he held me that some
fucking asshole had pulled out in front of me in traffic on the way home and
I'd had to slam on my brakes so hard that my face was driven into the steering
wheel.  The story effectively explained my bruises, my tears and my
uncontrollable trembling.  It was natural, after all,  to still be a bit shook
up after an almost-accident.  Especially since I'd gotten hurt.
	Sure...he believed it.  Why wouldn't he?  Later when he asked about the
movie--I'd been uncharacteristically quiet about it--I simply shrugged and
said, 
	"Oh....it was ok I guess."
*****
	In the shower later I scrubbed myself like a maniac.  I couldn't get clean
enough.  I could still feel his touch no matter how hard I tried to wash him
away.  Funny, I thought, how many of the rape-victim cliches were true.  Many
weren't though...at least in my case.  It still amazes me how normal I managed
to act most times.

*****
	I was afraid to make love with Tom for several nights.  I had no idea how I
would feel or react.  What if I freaked out or something?  I couldn't put him
off for long, however, and it turned out ok.  Better than ok, really.  I
actually felt much better in his familiar embrace.  It felt as if he were
reclaiming me....although he didn't know it.  I would die or kill before
letting him know it.
	There were other things he could never know; like how images and memories
would come to me unbidden. Those moments that had frightened me so badly at the
time would return to me not only during lovemaking, but at various odd moments
during my days.....and leave me breathless...tingling....wet.  I didn't know
what was wrong with me.  
	Funny, I thought, how so many of the rape-victim cliches are not true.

*****
	I didn't go near the computer for days.  I didn't care if I ever went online
again.  Eventually I had to go back.  Tom was asking why I wasn't into it
anymore, and I realized that my sudden disinterest--easily traced back to the
night I came home bruised--was starting to look suspicious.
	I had mail--quite a bit of it.  I had several online friends whom I normally
talked to nearly every day.  They were worried since they hadn't seen me online
or heard from me for a while.  I really didn't want to face them just yet. 
See, Chuck wasn't the only one I'd teased.  I was understandably paranoid now.
	Speaking of Chuck, I wasn't really surprised to see there was mail from him
too.  I'd hoped he would just leave me alone, but I think I knew better.  I
considered deleting them unread, but I couldn't.  I'm not sure why, other than
the fact that I never could leave a letter unread.
	The first few said simply "Are you ok?" with requests that I write him back. 
The bastard.
	The last one was the one I've read and re-read over and over:

	Dear Heather,
	I know you hate me now.  I don't blame you.  I just wanted to say that our
encounter was the most intensely powerful, mind-blowing experience I've ever
had.  I know it was for you too, although I don't expect you to admit it yet.
	You probably feel I betrayed our friendship by acting on what you told me. 
But I did tell you I'd find you.  I honestly believed it was what you wanted
too.  Sometime during that incredible night it occured to me that you really
were as horrified, angry and scared as you seemed.  But I couldn't stop. 
Nothing could have made me stop.  I only wish I could have had you all night. 
I've never been so on fire before.
	I gaze at your pictures and remember with perfect detail how your body
felt--inside and out.  I can close my eyes and feel you quivering beneath me
still.  Your gagged and muffled screams wake me up in the dead of night
sometimes.  I awake imagining I can still smell your scent on me.
	We had a shared fantasy.  I made it come true.  Maybe it was too real for you.
 Maybe I did take you totally against your will.  I'm sorry about your face.  I
guess I was too caught up in the moment.
	Heather, I have to say this....even if it makes you hate me worse.  I  said
I'd find you someday, and maybe I was only half-serious--until you told me of
your upcoming movie night, and how you would be alone.  I know you didn't
exactly invite me, but subconsciously I think you did.  I could almost hear you
calling to me--challenging me to find you.
	Maybe I'm wrong.  Maybe I really am just a sick motherfucker like you said. 
But I can't forget how wet you were, or how hard you came.
	Do you think of me when you make love?  I'll bet you do.  And I'll bet you get
hotter and cum harder than you ever did before.  I don't know how I know this,
but I'm right aren't I?  It pleases me knowing this, yet tears me apart with
jealousy to think of another having you--even if he's the one who's supposed
to.
	Hate me.  Wish me dead if you want...but I can't stop thinking about you and
what happened.
	I want you again.  I'll have you again.
	I want to feel your struggles again, hear your screams.  Next time I'll take
you someplace remote, where your screams can be unleashed without a gag.  As
sexy as gagged screams are to me, I want to hear them full volume next
time....and feel your body shaking with them.  I want to taste your tears and
hear you begging me to stop.
	I WILL have you again, Heather...my hot little slut.  Raping you is a right
I'm claiming for a long long time.  Even if you belong to another, you're mine
now.  Don't ever forget that.

Love,

Chuck

	The first time I read this, I sat stunned and terrified when the tone of his
letter changed.  All apologies and lame explanations one moment, threats to
rape me again the next.  He really was crazy.
	A deep, icy fear had begun to grow in me....accompanied by a deep, hot
tingling in my sex....
	Reading those words still scare me badly.....and make me so wet....

	God help me.


The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Heather


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





