BDSM Library - The Chalet




The Chalet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Maddy has found her dream job at Chalet Inc., a casino empire staffed by exotic women whose career 
plans include arduous bondage, rough sex and death-defying fetish feats.
This story is meant for adult readers only. It contains imaginary depictions of
graphic violence and ideas that are physically impossible and absurd. It is not
meant to convey or condone the idea of violence or sexual activities involving
anyone under the legal age of consent, nor is it meant to contain
representations of any actual people or institutions. If you qualify to read
this tale and like bizarre fantasies, I hope you enjoy it.   -Aiken




The Chalet
by Aiken (c)2000

Chapter One,    Cadet Maddy's First Day

Madalin Davis moved quickly through her morning regime. She didn't want to be
late and incur problems at work. She showered and tied her hair back in a
ponytail. After donning white silk panties and a bra, she sat down to do her
makeup, using the techniques she had learned in her orientation classes. She
smiled into the mirror of her vanity, remembering her cosmetology captain's wry
comments. "Two layers of everything girls, so you'll know it's there. Then two
more layers, so your customers, and cameras, will know it also." She wasn't
joking, either. Captains never joked about requirements.

Her hands moved briskly, sweeping the pale creme waterproof base makeup onto her
nose, chin, cheeks, and brow, then reapplying it moments after it set, until all
four coats were in place. She followed it with bronze toner and blush, setting
specific shadows and contouring her face in dramatic Chalet girl fashion. Her
tear-proof eyeliners, mascara, eyeshadows, and lipsticks went on very precisely,
and in equally heavy layers. It was the time-honored tradition for Chalet girls
to be extravagantly made-up at all times. Their faces had to look colorful,
their lips kissable, their eyes sexy and alluring no matter what was going on.
That was just one of the reasons Maddy's career was so unique.

Chalet girls were considered the most exclusive and desirable sex-club
performers on earth. And certainly the highest paid. But they faced more
challenges at work than most women in their industry. Their performances
included heavy doses of bizarre bondage and sado-masochistic torture as well as
all types of rough sex. Often beaten, whipped, strangled, or simply snuffed in
the normal course of their jobs, the average career/life expectancy of Chalet
girl cadets following their eight week orientation course was slightly over 11
months. It was not an easy life, but always freely chosen by the girls, who
could quit at any time. And only the most beautiful ladies, with the prettiest
features and figures, were eligible to join.

Rewards for survivors were immense. Cadets with a year and a half of good-mark
service could be promoted to Chalet attendants. After another 18 months of
good-mark service attendants could be promoted to Chalet captains. Each step
included large increases in base pay, privelige and responsibility.

Attendants, like cadets, are at the complete disposal of captains. Their primary
duty is to see to the Cadets needs, preparing them for, and rehabilitating them
from, their bondage and sexual experiences. It is arguable whether attendants
are in more, or less, distress than the Cadets themselves, since they are
required to wear a mind-numbing variety of restrictive clothes and cruelly
bizarre appliances, while dressing their cadets, bathing them, feeding them, or
giving medical aid. Attendants are no longer required to dispense sex to Chalet
customers as Cadets must, though many do as an optional and very lucrative
fringe benefit. They may also escort wealthy patrons on dates, and appear at
public ceremonies, benefits, or promotional events. This is terrific advertising
for Chalet Industries, Inc., so attendants are paid handsomely for these
activities, and given boosts in their good-marks. Since media attention focuses
on any announcement that a genuine Chalet girl will appear at a function to pose
for photographs or sign autographs, a large turnout is guaranteed. Celebrity
appearances like these are rocket fuel for the Chalet girl fantasy.

When attendants promote to captains their base pay scale doubles whatever they
averaged as cadets and attendants, including all their bonuses and tips. And
there are many perks, such as the sexual services of any cadets and attendants
in the captain's charge, and bonuses based on the gratuities her team brings in.
Captains are given the freedom to serve at any of the thirty-eight Chalet sex
resorts and casinos throughout the world, as long as they commit to minimum
12-month hitches. Captains manage all Chalet activities such as cadet training
and discipline, maintenance, and customer relations. Unless reprimanded,
disciplined, or demoted Captains are under no sexual demands except to Chalet
captains of superior rank, and to guidebook requirements for captain's dress and
protocol. Captains who excel in their marks for 3 more years are eligible for
further promotion to coordinators, program developers, recruiters and
inspectors. Any of these positions offer enormous wealth and prestige for
ambitious women. Nineteen year old Maddy dreamed of the ultimate prize....that
of a Chalet Regent, or Headmistress. But having just completed her orientation,
Maddy's immediate concern was to avoid being late on her first day of work, and
not to spark the wrath of her captains by arriving partly put-together.

Following the fourth coating of lipstick, Maddy took a small wand and stroked a
clear waterproof gloss sealer over the bright red lip stain. Like all of the
other cosmetics, It was an exclusive Chalet formula that would remain in place
until a patented cleanser removed it. The gloss anchored her lipstick in place
as well as provided a reflective shine that was unmistakably Chalet. After three
more applications, her lips looked larger than life. They were outlined in a
slightly darker shade of red which further accentuated the provocative shape of
her lips. Maddy took a minute to study her completed look. She was always amazed
by the transformation these cosmetics made on a girl's face. With her naturally
full lips, large brown eyes and lustrous brunette hair, Maddy was a very pretty
girl without any adornment. But with the makeup she became an exotic
creature...mysterious, and stunningly sexy. The mirror revealed to her the
trademark image that had captivated Maddy's imagination since her first glimpse
of such a face many years ago, while reading a magazine article on the Chalet
Girl phenomenon. This was the pinnacle of femininity she had longed to become
ever since....the exquisite face of the Chalet Girl.

The mezmerizing face in the mirror filled Maddy with excitement and
satisfaction, both in equal measure. But time was short. She tore herself from
the vanity to finish dressing. Moments later, wearing the tight fitting
sleeveless black latex dress, dark silk pantyhose and tall silver leather pumps
required for cadet public wear, Maddy slipped out of her apartment to report for
work at the Chalet.

Maddy drove her car into the tunnel that wound deep under the huge stone
structure that was Chalet-Boston, and parked in her designated space. She
chuckled, recalling the sweet tollbooth attendant she had just met. He noticed
her cadet uniform and makeup -how could he not?- and got so excited he dropped
change all over the floor. She tried to put him at ease by commenting on the
coolness of the April morning, but he was lost, so turned on he could barely
speak. In her class the recruits were told to expect that kind of thing. A
Chalet girl is an overpowering sexual icon. When a man meets one out in everyday
life, he often turns into an aroused and confused little boy. The boys hate
themselves for being klutzes, but simply can't help it. Once Maddy got to be an
attendant, she thought generously, perhaps she could go out with that poor man.
She walked briskly to the service elevator, inserted her identification card and
touched her left thumb to a small computer screen. "Good Morning, Cadet Davis.
It is 6:41 A.M. and you are on time. 7 good marks have been applied to your pay
scale for today." The mechanism ejected her card after recording her arrival and
marks. The elevator door unlocked and snapped open. "Please report to
sub-basement 3, station 2, for your duty roster. Enjoy your day, Cadet Davis."

"Thank you, computer voice." Maddy answered cheerily, relieved that she had made
it to work on time, though just four minutes early. She stepped into the
elevator and watched the doors close. There were no buttons to press. "Please
place your car keys, purse, jewelry, watch or any other belongings into the port
to the left of the door." a new voice said, this one a live female voice, "These
will be returned to you at the end of the day." Maddy dropped a small bag that
contained her car keys, Identification cards, credit cards, cosmetics, and a few
tissues into the rectangular hatch. She knew better than to wear her watch or
any jewelry.

"Put your wrists palm-to-palm behind your back, and place them into the round
port opposite to the doorway, and hold them still." the voice said. Maddy
marvelled at the surprises that were always coming in this job. She never knew
what to expect here, and she loved it. As soon as her hands went into the small
doorless portal, an automatic device wrapped a smooth binding three times around
her wrists. It felt rather like a huge elastic ribbon, very warm and almost
liquid-soft to the touch. Immediately hardening after settling into the recesses
of her slim wrists, the sticky substance soon became a rigid plastic restraint,
several times the strength of steel. A seamless and inescapable set of handcuffs
now trapped Maddy's wrists in the small of her back. "Goodness, this thing has
sure got me" she exclaimed softly, "Wonder if it will ever come off?"

"Your polymer cuffs may be removed only by two attendants using a special
cutting tool, set to a precise magnetic frequency and temperature setting." the
elevator voice said, "Yet they are quite comfortable and unabrasive to the
tender skin of the wrists." The door slid open suddenly. "Sub-basement 3," the
voice said pleasantly. "Station 2 is all the way down the hallway to your left.
Your duty roster captain and attendants await you there. Have a delicious day,
Madalin."

With her wrists so thoroughly bound, Maddy walked down the chilly hallway,
hearing her tall heels click against the marble floors. She was filled with a
mixture of anticipation and fear that had her loins steaming with arousal. In
orientation class it was stressed that new cadets should expect the unexpected
every day. Fresh duty rosters were issued each morning, and cadets never knew
what they would get. As she approached the last doorway, she saw a small sign
over it that read "Station 2 - Kiosks & Furnishings". The door had an auto
sensor that opened as Maddy approached it. Inside she saw about a dozen women.
Several cadets were being fitted into tight restraints by their attendants, and
placed into awkward positions. She heard soft groans of strain and discomfort
coming from all directions. Two attendants and a duty roster captain stood by
the door to greet Maddy. All three faces were as lustrously made up as cadets
faces were. No matter what rank a Chalet girl attained, it was required that she
never be without her erotic masque of cosmetics.

"Good morning, Maddy!" Captain Neesha said, her crimson mouth smiling sweetly,
"I see you were on time, and cooperated well in the elevator. You've gotten 10
good marks so far. Let's see if you can improve your score even more." Neesha
was clad in her standard day uniform: a tight-fitting rubber tunic covered her
torso and arms, and disappeared under an 8 inch boned leather corset cinched
tightly at the waist. Thick rubber leggings flowed seamlessly down her legs
turning into 7-inch platform-heeled boots. Neesha also wore her 4 1/2 inch day
collar, basically a small corset laced up tightly at the back of her neck, and
locked. It was carefully shaped to hold her chin up high and straight at all
times. Her waist cinch, which held several small devices, including a stungun,
was locked on also. It secured her tunic and leggings in place, since they met
and zipped together at the waist. Only another captain could unlock or loosen a
captain's waist or neck cinch. Captain uniforms truly were bondage garments,
though much milder than the strict items cadets and attendants had to wear.
Maddy loved the regal bearing that captains' uniforms presented. She couldn't
wait to make captain and be locked into one herself, but that opportunity was at
least three years away yet.

The two attendants were clad in standard 'dressers' costumes, sleek blue lycra
unitards covering them from ankles to neck to wrists, with a high mobility
factor. They had lots of stooping and stretching to do getting cadets properly
dressed and immobilized, so dressers needed freedom of movement. But comfort was
something else altogether. Of that they had none. Their heads were confined into
harnesses of leather straps, which allowed their long hair to protrude in a
ponytail through a ring at the top of their heads. Their hair was carefully
braided and interwoven to a one inch thick hemp rope noosed very tightly around
their throats, so that any head movement caused them to choke. They were locked
into short boots with narrow 6 inch tall heels, but no platforms, so their
arches were held at a much steeper angle than their captain's feet. To say that
they were uncomfortable would have been a huge understatement. But that was the
permanent situation of dresser attendants....

Beneath their outer lycra suit, dressers are sheathed by an inner suit made of
strong thin rubber that holds a number of wicked electric pain inducers, needles
of varying lengths going inward, each attached through the rubber inner suit to
a small steel disk that holds a tiny battery just outside the rubber. It is
about the size of an old-fashioned watch battery, but far more powerful and long
lasting. Programmable chips inside the batteries control the frequency, duration
and intensity of the attendant's electric shocks.

These devices, affectionately called 'stickers' keep the attendant at a constant
and precise level of pain. If an attendant holds a very good behavior rating,
her inner suit contains fewer of these devices. If she is remiss, and has lower
scores, her suit will contain more of them, perhaps dozens more, often
concentrated around the breasts and genital area. Each sticker-disk creates a
lump that can be clearly seen trapped between her lycra and rubber suits, much
like an erect nipple shows thru a thin bra. In this way one can always tell just
from looking at a dresser attendant how uncomfortable she is, by the number of
lumps. Even for the highest-rated attendant, a dresser's uniform must contain a
minimum of four stickers, one sticker an inch above, and one an inch below each
engorged nipple, dispensing a baseline of punishment throughout her day. It is
considered especially erotic to see a dresser with breasts, buttocks, and crotch
festooned with these lumps, going about her regular duties. She can indicate in
no specific way how much pain she is in, as a dresser attendant's mouth is
always thoroughly and uncomfortably gagged. But her bulges tell the whole story.
And she dares not resort to loud moans, or pantomimes, as that will just cause
more choking and lower her scores, resulting in more stickers under her suit for
the next day.

Maddy almost swooned with excitement when she looked closely at the two
dressers, each standing at strict attention. She had heard about the suits in
class, but had never seen one. They were even more cruel and exciting in person
than she imagined, and she had imagined plenty. She had reread descriptions of
the suits several times while reviewing for her final tests, and masturbated
furiously each time. She estimated no fewer than a dozen lumps disciplined each
firm breast. And many more could be seen on both girl's backsides and tummies.
One could read their pain like a roadmap.... but they merely stood there,
quivering slightly on their heels, blinking wet, heavily madeup eyes, and
awaiting further instructions.

"Lovely, aren't they?" Captain Neesha asked melodiously, seeing Maddy's intense
interest and arousal, "These two are named Fiona, and Sandy. They have been on a
downward path during the last few days, almost doubling their number of
stickers. But look here, I'll bet these nipples have never been harder." Neesha
reached out to pluck at Fiona's teats that stuck thru the lycra farther than any
of the batteries. The poor girl remained as still as possible, trying not to
orgasm, and lose her composure. "Just think, Maddy, you'll get to experience all
this for yourself someday, if you make it that far. As you know everyone here
has to endure six months in their sticker-suits before they make Captain. I can
remember days when I had to wear more than 75 stickers. I should warn you,
Maddy, that in the meantime, these girls have only one way of improving their
lot. And that is to do a very efficient job of preparing you for your
assignment. So you see, in a very short time you might be more than willing to
trade places with them."

"Yes, Captain, Ma'am," Maddy answered respectfully, and dreamily. She was so
excited she would have almost traded places with them right there. Her nipples
felt like rocks. Her pussy was aching. She could feel liquid running down her
thighs. But she was still dying to know... "May I ask, Captain, Ma'am, what my
duty roster contains today?"

"Yes you may, dear," Neesha answered, "You're going to be part of our fellatio
kiosk up in amusement room 4. That's about five hours of sucking cock to begin
your day. Girls, you may begin preparing Maddy as I explained to you earlier."
Both attendants' blinked their eyes twice, indicating yes. Taking Maddy by the
arms, Fiona and Sandy led her gently to one of the dressing stations along the
wall.


END OF CHAPTER ONE
(c)Aiken, 2000




The Chalet
by Aiken (c)2000

Chapter Two,  Cadet Maddy's First Prep

Dresser attendants Fiona and Sandy led Cadet Maddy to her preassigned dressing
station along the wall. Except for the shining white polymer cuffs encircling
her wrists behind her back, Maddy wore nothing out of the ordinary. Her cadet
arrival clothes could have been worn by any stylish woman going on a date or to
a job interview in the 2060's. A sleeveless black latex tunic dress clung
tightly to her slender yet shapely torso and hips. Dark pantyhose sheathed her
legs with shining lycra and nylon from her short hemline to her size seven
leather pumps. Her shoes were a style made popular by Chalet girls, silver
colored with slender heels, adding 4 1/2 inches to Maddy's 5 foot, four inch
height.

The two dressers gently removed her heels and set them into a locker bearing
Maddy's name.  Undoing a long zipper under each armpit, they removed her dress
and hung it the locker. The brassiere came off next. It was unsnapped in the
front and at the shoulder straps. Like all of her clothes, the bra was standard
cadet issue, so it came off easily without requiring her arms to be unbound.
They eased her pantyhose and white silk panties down her legs and put them in
the locker, leaving her entirely naked. Maddy shivered slightly both from the
cool temperatures in the room, and with anxiety over what lay ahead. Maddy had
no idea what today's assignment would involve beyond what Captain Neesha had
called it: a fellatio kiosk. Just the sound of that filled Maddy with
excitement, as well as dread. She hoped she would be up to it... then almost
laughed at herself, knowing that the men would certainly be "up to it" even if
she wasn't!

This was Maddy's first day to submit to the bondage and sexual tortures that
would essentially describe her life for the next three years. She thought back
to her orientation classes and Donna, the beautiful blonde lady-captain who
taught them. During the previous eight weeks cadets were familiarized with many
costumes and procedures, such as the captains' outer garments, and the
sticker-suits Maddy's cute dressers wore. But they didn't begin to cover it all.
Her instructress made it clear that she would not discuss all the bizarre things
that new cadets would be required to wear and do. For even if they did, cadets
would still not be prepared to deal with it. Only direct experience could do
that. "Suffice it to say, girls," Instructress Donna told them, "That nothing
here will be easy for you. You are forewarned that as cadets you will be kept
off-balance at all times, and will suffer carefully prescribed levels of
discomfort and pain. The things we require your bodies to do are highly unusual
and difficult; many would think them impossible. I personally believe the mental
aspects of the daily bondages you girls face are even harsher than the physical
ordeals. Nevertheless, I assure you that you can and must bear it. It does get
somewhat easier as you go, discovering you can withstand greater torments than
you ever thought possible. It tends to give a girl confidence that she can
survive such things. And that's exactly why we keep throwing new challenges at
you. As Chalet girls, you must never become acclimated, never become relaxed or
overconfident. You must begin every new assignment uncertain, startled,
humiliated and afraid, even as your bodies are used, strained and pushed to
their limits. This is what makes you so desireable and gratifying to our
customers. They can sense your tension and fear. They can see how difficult it
is for you, and their cocks are thrilled by that knowledge. The fact that each
of you freely chooses this profession increases their excitement tenfold.
Remember this....when the final touches have been placed on your makeup, and the
last bond has fastened you irremovably into place, each of you will have the
unrelenting face of a goddess, and the unrefusing body of a whore. That is the
moment when you truly become a Chalet Girl. The same moment you begin giving a
kind of satisfaction unobtainable from any other source."

"Well done, Maddy." Captain Neesha said, awakening the girl from her reverie.
She was holding a small scanning device close to Maddy's cheek. She reattached
the scanner to her waist cinch and checked off something on her computer
notepad. "Your makeup tested a full four-layer thickness in three areas. And
five layers on your lips. Nicely done. You get three more good marks for
arriving with the approved Chalet face. Are you thirsty dear?"

Maddy realized that her mouth was very dry. "Yes Captain, Ma'am, quite thirsty,
thank you."

"Arlo, come here please and give Maddy a drink."

Arleen turned from dispensing drinks to other cadets, and proceeded stiffly to
Neesha and Maddy. Arleen was locked into a steel garment that made her torso
look rather like Star Wars' C3PO. Metallic components of the suit enclosed her
from her shoulders to her knees. Her arms were trapped uselessly behind her,
painfully clamped together with steel bands at the wrists and elbows. Her
breasts and waistline were severely constricted inside the suit, exaggerating
her curves, and giving her a sexy robot-girl silhouette. The suit allowed no
movement at all from her thighs, forcing her to take short steps to get across
the room. The high heeled boots she wore made walking treacherous, as falling
could be a lethal experience without the use of her arms. But she moved
confidently, shuffling over to Maddy as if she had been born into the suit. Her
head was harnessed in the same leather straps that dresser attendants wore, and
her breathing was tormented by the same ponytail-to-neckrope affair. However, as
she wore no gag, her flawlessly madeup face was on full display, and she smiled
sweetly for her captain as she approached them. Maddy was stunned by the girl's
appearance. This suit was something completely new to Maddy.

"Amazing isn't it, Maddy?" Captain Neesha said, "Arleen is wearing something
called a refreshment suit. Underneath this smooth steel exterior lies one
sophisticated piece of equipment. They manage to store over 3 liters of liquid
beverage inside the suit, plus powerful heating and cooling generators." Maddy
couldn't imagine where these things were hidden. The thing clung to her like a
reflective second skin. "It doesn't look like there is enough room in there for
Arleen," Maddy thought, "Let alone all the liquids and devices."

"Hot or cold beverage, Captain, Ma'am?" Arleen asked brightly.

"Hot mocha for me, please, and cold juice for Cadet Maddy." her captain
responded. Arleen jerked her chin to the left with a practiced motion, and her
mouth caught a heavy disk-shaped earring which dangled from her right earlobe.
About the size of a man's wristwatch, the disk had a large red button on each
side of it, which Arleen pressed with her teeth. Immediately generators inside
the suit came to life, heating up a prescribed amount of a nutritious warm
beverage called Chalet mocha. Arleen stretched her neck forward to place her
brightly-painted lips around a fixed steel tube that rose vertically from
between the breast panels of her suit. The steel straw ended just below her chin
level and it was obvious that her neck rope made this stretch a very difficult
task. Steam was rising from the tube as she placed her lips to it, and she
sucked up a large mouthful of the hot liquid. She carefully lifted her mouth to
Captain Neesha, and passed the liquid from her lips to her captain's lips.
Neesha drank eagerly, ending the gesture with a sweet lingering kiss. Maddy
watched in mute astonishment.

"Mmmm, what a deliciously intimate way to get a drink," said their captain, "You
haven't been told this yet but drinking on duty is only permissible when passed
from the lips of a refreshment maid. Quite a nice custom, really. Our patrons
find it highly erotic, and frankly, so do I. You'll notice that whenever a
refreshment maid serves up a hot drink her entire suit gets hot along with the
drink. The same holds true when she serves a cold drink, the suit freezes her
from neck to kneecaps. Isn't that exciting? But there's more. Look at that
device on her right shoulder. See the digital readout?"

"Yes, Captain, Ma'am," said Maddy. She saw a 1-inch diameter round glass crystal
where two red LCD numbers shone. The number 56 suddenly dropped to 55. "Is that
the suit's temperature, Captain, Ma'am?"

"Oh, dear no," Neesha responded cheerfully, "Her suit temperature is dropping
slowly from somewhere around a hundred thirty. If I had ordered a cold drink it
would now be rising slowly from about minus twenty. It takes 5 to 6 minutes to
equalize at room temperature. This readout shows that Arleen is now in
auto-training mode. As such, that number indicates how many sticker-pins are
impaling Arlene under her refreshment suit, and punishing her for her mistakes.
They are not electrical pins, like the dressers wear. These get blazing hot, or
ice cold, along with the surfaces of the suit, and conduct those painful
temperatures deep into the maids' bodies as they serve drinks. That number just
went down because Arlene caught the activation disk on her first try, took the
required amount of liquid from the tube, and avoided spilling any of it.
Violating any of those three rules costs her one point. But since she did
everything correctly, she dropped a point, and lost one sticker. You'll notice
the arrangement of the serving straw requires a maid's utmost concentration. And
if she is being freshly stuck due to an errant ear-swing it almost always causes
her to choke and dribble, and fall further behind. This is a very intelligent
suit. If it sensed all three errors happening, her penalty would have gone up by
three points. It would automatically jab her in three new places. As you can
see, with a potential three-to-one liability, It's much harder to lose stickers
than to gain them. The suit follows a cruel logic rather like a casino's odds,
wouldn't you say? Arleen, it's time to say hello to Cadet Maddy. Are you ready
for your first cool drink, dear?"

"Yes, Captain, Ma'am," Maddy said, her voice tightening with arousal. She looked
at the beautifully charming girl, and the number on her shoulder. Although Maddy
couldn't see any evidence of the stickers, it was terribly exciting to know that
the girl bore exactly 55 of them somewhere inside her suit. In a curious way it
was even more erotic than seeing the sticker-disk lumps under the dressers'
suits. She watched Arleen tip her head to the right, swing her left earring
deftly into her mouth, and depress its blue buttons with her even white teeth.
The maid suddenly shivered as her suit's compressors went to work. Within 6
seconds, her world was colder than a frozen lake. She arched her neck to suck in
Maddy's beverage portion thru a freezing cold straw. With chattering teeth, she
pressed her cold red lips against Maddy's warm pouting mouth. Arleen injected
the liquid as Maddy sucked it in. It was a delicious fruit beverage, similar to
a strawberry smoothie, and loaded with vitamins and minerals. As Maddy exhausted
the girl's mouth of the drink she felt a chilled tongue enter her mouth. Perhaps
it was to show that she had gotten all of it. Or perhaps she was just being
friendly. More likely she was just desperate to get warm again. Either way,
Arleen's tongue felt and tasted like a delicious frozen strawberry, so Maddy
sucked and nibbled on it for a moment, playing with the three barbell piercings
the maid's tongue wore. After a long minute of tongue play and lip contact,
Arleen's tremors diminished and she slowly pulled her face away, smiling at the
fresh new Cadet. Maddy had hovered on the brink of an orgasm throughout her
kiss. She couldn't remember a drink ever tasting better.

"Thank you, Arleen, that will be all for now," said Neesha. "But you've earned
something extra..." She reached out to a tiny black button beneath the girl's
readout, and pressed it twice. The display first dropped to 54, due to her
flawless performance, then by two more points, to 52, from her captain's
generosity. Arleen emitted a small gasp of pain mixed with relief. "Attitude is
everything," their smiling captain said, citing a favorite motto, "And you
greeted her as sweetly as ever you could. You may go and serve the others now."
Arleen smiled gratefully to her superior and turned away. Maddy saw an identical
small button above the readout, with a purpose that needed no explaining. It was
an ominous thought that their captain could have done far worse, if the
refreshment maid's performance had disappointed her.

"May I ask a question of the Captain, Ma'am? Maddy inquired. Neesha gave a
slight nod of assent. "How long has she been inside that contraption, and how
much longer must she remain in it?"

"Naturally, you're curious about her, so I think we can accommodate you,"
answered the captain, looking at her computer pad, and pressing up some data
files, "Arleen was dressed in her suit at 3 A.M. this morning. I believe she is
on her second refill of beverages. Small ports in back of the suit facilitate
the recharging and refilling processes. She is doing very well. This is her
sixth day in the refreshment suit, and she is steadily improving her form. After
the first day we set maids' suits to auto-train, carrying all sticker-counts
forward from day to day. She's gradually worked her number down from a high
count of 112 on her third day. The full duration of her refreshment suit duty is
classified. Even she's not allowed to know it. But I will tell you that she has
more than a month left before her next scheduled reassignment. She's on a
fourteen hour per day duty schedule just like yours. It starts four hours
earlier than your day does. Just like you, she reports for duty 15 minutes
early, or is counted late. She is given one hour of prep, and serves two
five-hour duty shifts, separated by a mid-day break of two hours, and another
hour of prep. Her day is done at 5 PM, just as yours is up at nine. Like all
attendants and cadets it is her option either to go home and rest, or remain
here at the Chalet for her rest cycle. If she goes home she can still get eight
hours of sleep if she can get there, feed the cat and jump into bed in 30
minutes. Upon rising she'll need to get bathed, made up, dressed, and back to
the Chalet in less than 90 minutes. It's difficult to pull off, but as you know
it can be done, since your weeks of orientation class were conducted on the same
schedule. Oh, yes, her file also says that she's experienced 5 orgasms today,
one of them while kissing you."

"What..?" Maddy started to say, but quickly caught herself, "I..uh...I mean,
Captain, Ma'am, how is that possible?"

"Classified!" Neesha replied, snapping her notepad shut, "That's enough. The
rest you must discover for yourself. We can't give up all of our little secrets,
now can we?"

"Your long-awaited Chalet girl experience begins now." Captain Neesha said
sharply, "The dressers will get you cleaned and prepped, Maddy. Please squat
down over the hatch there on the floor and relieve yourself, front and back."
One of the dressers pressed a button on the wall. A one-foot-wide stainless
steel port snapped open on the floor. Filled with embarrassment, Maddy squatted
down and urinated into the opening. Burning with humiliation she then defecated
into it, producing a large odorous bowel movement. Maddy was ashamed of the
smell, but the dressers thought nothing of it. They wiped her quickly, gently
patting her pussy dry, cleaning her anus thoroughly, and dropping their napkins
into the port. They powdered her all over with a sweet perfumed talk. A moment
later the port clicked shut and a distant flushing noise was heard.

Looking down, Maddy could see what the attendants were doing to her by the
reflections in the stainless steel plates below her. Neesha had not told her to
rise, so she remained in her naked squat. She felt them apply a cool
antibacterial gel on her pussy and ass. They probed her rectum deeply and pushed
lots of the gel inside of her, followed by a six-inch long, by one inch wide
soft rubber tube. The gel doubled as a lubricant and the tube was also covered
with it, so it slid easily into her backside. She saw that the tube led to a
metal object shaped like a small tapered football. It was narrow at the tip,
barely bigger than the tube it enclosed, rising to a fat three-inch thickness
near the back of it, and tapering sharply down to a one and a half inch thick
neck. Behind the slender neck, the device ended abruptly with a wide flat disk.
Two short rubber tubes stuck out the back of the oval-shaped disk, one red and
one green.

The dressers moved with quickness and precision. One of them pressed the huge
plug into her ass and Maddy gasped, feeling the widest portion of it stretching
her anus painfully. Then as it settled into position, her sphincter muscle
clenched the narrow channel at the back of the slippery thing, innately happy
that the inward pressure was halted. But Maddy wasn't happy. Her bowel was very
uncomfortably filled, and her anus corked much too tightly. She could feel the
cool metal of the flat disk section pressing between her cheeks, preventing any
muscle action from pulling the thing further into her. Thank goodness. At first
there was a continuous feeling that she was pooping again, but she knew that was
impossible. Nothing was going to exit her ass now, least of all the oblong metal
plug, without plenty of assistance.

She had barely finished dealing with the shock of this anal intrusion, when she
felt the other girl inserting a narrow well-lubricated tube into her urethra. It
was a strange foreign sensation, almost painful from the acute sensitivity of
that tiny opening. She saw that this tube ended with a device resembling her ass
plug, but on a much smaller scale. This plug seemed to be made of rubber rather
than steel. Though much smaller than the device packing her ass, it felt huge
entering her pisshole. Little by little it began hurting her, and Maddy started
panting. She was frightened and in terrible pain. Just as she started to tense
up and cry out, the other dresser began squeezing her nipples, reaching around
from behind Maddy's back. The nipple massage helped take Maddy's mind off the
pain, until the piss-plug was wedged into place holding a rubber disk flat
against the top half of Maddy's pussy. The pain instantly subsided, and she
noticed that this instrument also had two smaller tubes exiting the disk. One
was green and one was red.

"Very good, dear," Said Neesha, "You almost lost 15 marks there, by crying out
during your prep. But you held out nicely until your safety plugs were in
position. That was very courageous. Your reward is 5 more good marks." Maddy
smiled in relief and, blinking the tears from her eyes, she looked gratefully
back at the dresser behind her. It was Sandy. The large plug that filled Sandy's
mouth made any expression impossible, but she winked sweetly in response to
Maddy's silent thanks.

"You are now allowed the option of having a throat relaxer administered prior to
your gagging. I highly recommend using this medication during a cadet's first
gagging, especially when extended kiosk duty is at hand. A first-time gagging is
the only occasion where we offer it. The kiosk gag is unlike anything you have
ever seen or heard of, Maddy. It's called the Torture Gag by many who have
experienced it."

"Will the medicine impair my performance at the fellatio kiosk, Captain, Ma'am?"
Maddy asked.

"Very perceptive question," Neesha answered, "Yes, it helps a girl to withstand
the rough onslaught of men who pay huge sums to enjoy a cadet's first agonizing
trip to the kiosk. Kiosk virgins, they are called. And no, it won't diminish
your cocksucking abilities. It actually improves them a bit. It contains a
stimulant that reduces your fainting reflex for up to eight hours, and heightens
sensation throughout your pleasure centers. And most importantly, its throat
numbing effect helps you to manage the strangling panics that the Torture Gag
imposes, not to mention what the parade of cocks will do to you later."

"Thank you, Captain Ma'am. I would like to give it a try," Maddy said bravely.


END OF CHAPTER TWO
(c)Aiken, 2000




The Chalet
by Aiken (c)2000

Chapter Three,  Cadet Maddy dons the torture gag

Captain Neesha smoothed on a pair of thin latex gloves. She took a large
hypodermic needle from Fiona and held it before Maddy's face. Maddy eyed the
archaic device fearfully, but remained silent in a crouching position with her
hands trapped behind her. She was still naked except for the pair of white
polymer handcuffs and the lavish coating of face makeup cadets were required to
wear at all times.

"It's not quite so bad as it looks, dear," her captain said, crouching stiffly
beside Maddy. Her back was ramrod straight from the cruel embrace of her
captain's corset and latex day-uniform. Her neck could move only marginally in
the confinement of her boned leather day-collar. She pushed Maddy's chin back
with a latex-covered fingertip, exposing Maddy's soft throat, and waved the
wicked needle with her other hand. "This smooth neck will look so beautiful in a
captain's corset-collar some day, but that's a long time away. For now you need
a good dose of throat relaxer. The torture gag comes next. It will be your
companion as we dress you and take you to your position at the fellatio kiosk.
Your gag will also comfort you between customers, and in the break area, between
your 5-hour duty shifts. Twenty-five ccs of this secret Chalet formula will
relax your throat and enhance your pleasure receptors for the next 12  hours. It
also does wonders for suppressing a woman's gag reflex. That response must be
controlled, or you simply won't survive your first day with us. I could
administer this relaxer painlessly with a hypo-spray, but we find that using the
needle adds to the intensity of your experience. One of the special effects of
this medication is paralysis of the vocal cords. This dose will render you
speechless for the next 18 to 24 hours. For that reason I am required to ask you
now Maddy, are you fully prepared to go to the next stage?"

"Yes Captain Ma'am," Maddy replied quickly, "I give complete consent to you,
your staff and your patrons. Your pleasure is my pleasure." She spoke the words
very clearly, punching the words you and your, just as she had been taught.
Cadets understood that once each week they would be asked by a Captain if they
were ready to go forward. Cadets never knew when the question would be posed.
Most often it was at a key moment during prep, when a cadet was in profound
physical distress, or gripped with apprehension for the unknown. This was the
only opportunity a cadet had to withdraw from her bizarre livelihood, and resign
from Chalet, Inc. It was called the challenge, because it always arrived at
cadets' most difficult moments. Her answer was called the recitation. The entire
exchange was called the confirmation, and served to inform all parties that she
was truly and consensually a Chalet Girl. If a cadet did not recite her response
promptly and exactly, she would be asked once more. If her reply was not
textbook correct, she was washed out. She'd be released from her bondage,
cleaned up, and sent home with a severance credit of approximately half her
earnings. No questions asked. The enlistment contract clearly stated that
whenever a cadet or attendant resigned, half of whatever she had accrued was
forfeited to repay the huge cost of recruiting and training cadets.

The recitation was also a cadet's blank check, an enforceable contract to accept
whatever cruelties the Chalet staff and patrons dished up until the next
challenge was given. If a cadet changed her mind ten minutes later and begged
for release, her pleas were ignored, or considered part of a Chalet Girl's lusty
performance. Though cadets rarely went un-gagged, some patrons especially loved
it when their girls pleaded for mercy and release. It fed the customers' darkest
desires to think these cadets were truly prisoners, trapped and forced to
perform unspeakable acts inside a gothic castle that was half opulent casino,
and half sadistic bordello. Between recitations, of course, that perception was
quite true. But it also soothed the patron's conscience to know that everything
was legal; cadets were freely contracted, and given weekly chances to resign
from their anguish. Attendants were given the same opportunity, but only once
every three months. Captains were challenged yearly by captains of superior
rank. Confirmations were always stated using the exact same words.

"Well done, Cadet Maddy," Neesha smiled, her crimson lips sparkling in the
bright lights of the prep area. "About ten percent of all cadets wash out right
there. The first hurdle is always the biggest." Maddy had been taught that
concentration and controlling adverse emotions were the key. She knew she was
basically a pain slut, or she'd never have signed up to be a Chalet Girl. She
was actually more afraid of fumbling her lines out of excitement than from any
desire to quit. For that reason she rehearsed them many times, trying to make a
clear recitation while pinching her nipples, or running hot water on her hands
or feet. In orientation class students practiced their recitation while pulling
each other's hair, or giving one another light whippings. She smiled, relieved
to have gotten past her first moment of truth.

Neesha probed Maddy's neck on either side of her trachea, just below the spot
where her jaw met her neck. When she was satisfied with the location, she stuck
the needle in and slowly injected a small amount of the clear liquid. She
withdrew and reinserted the hypodermic five or six more times in almost the same
spot, injecting tiny bits of the drug each time. She repeated this drawn-out
procedure on the other side of Maddy's trachea. Maddy cringed inwardly, feeling
an awful stinging sensation each time Neesha pressed in the needle. She tried to
remain calm, but it hurt. She could feel the medicine going in, and it felt
cold. By the time Neesha took the needle to the second side, Maddy could feel a
strange numbness in her throat. Her tongue was tingling. She felt a bit
light-headed too, but wasn't sure if that was just her nerves. Finally it was
done. Neesha pulled back the hypo and gently massaged the girl's throat with her
free thumb and forefinger.

"Can you feel that?" she asked, stroking the girl's throat and squeezing her
windpipe a little harder

"Nnntthe....nggg..." Maddy tried to respond, but her voice quickly fell from a
squeak to a whisper, then died out altogether. The medicine had rendered her
completely mute.

"The effect is almost instantaneous." Neesha whispered, "But, sweetheart, I left
something out. The only time we give you the choice to accept or reject this
drug is the first-time gagging. After that we give it to you every 12 hours
during the next ten to twelve days. Your recitation is good for nearly 14 days,
so we needn't worry about you objecting to this regimen, or anything else we do
with you. The nerves and muscles of your mouth and throat have to be trained,
Maddy. And managed..... This potion speeds the process along tremendously.
You'll be deep-throating so many dildos and cocks at first that you'll need all
the help a girl can get. Do you feel that pleasant tingling sensation in your
throat, and.... elsewhere? Nice isn't it? That's a delicious side effect we
built into the drug. The more cocksucking, or gag-wrapping your mouth and throat
does, the more euphoric that feeling will get. A cadet is naturally encouraged
to return to her kiosk duties, when such pleasant sensations await her there.
You'll find that it doesn't eliminate the pain though. It is a stimulant, so it
intensifies it. But the euphoria enhances your pain, transmuting activities like
mouth rape, and other degrading forms of satisfaction our clients enjoy, into
highly charged erotic moments. In less than a week you'll swear your clitoris
has been moved to the back of your throat. Late next week we'll allow the drug
to wear off just enough for your speech center to return. By then you'll be
fully reconditioned by the kiosk, and our deep-throat elixir. You can respond to
my challenge then, and we'll see how well you're doing. You know what's
wonderful, Maddy? Even cadets who wash out after their first two weeks go on to
perform a great service for mankind. They've been made over into the most
accomplished suck-sluts on earth. Many find it difficult to climax without a
hard cock planted in their gullet. Talk about being popular with the boys..... 
Oh, by the way you just got 12 more good marks for your first brave recitation,
and for accepting the needle without crying out. Congratulations, Maddy."

Maddy smiled and blinked twice to her captain. She was completely committed now
and there was no turning back. Her only option was to bask in her submissive new
role and devote herself to the time-honored Chalet girl traditions.

"Sandy, hand me her gag, please." The attendants pulled a heavy wheeled locker
over to Maddy's dressing station and opened its two large doors. It resembled an
old fashioned wardrobe, only made of shining chrome and steel. One side of it
held hangers and clothing. The other side consisted of several drawers. Fiona
opened the top drawer, took out a black vinyl bag and handed it to Captain
Neesha. Neesha opened the bag and withdrew one of the largest dildos Maddy had
ever seen. She couldn't believe it was intended for anyone's mouth. It was well
over 10 inches long and about two inches thick. It was detailed exactly like a
monster penis right down to the spidery veins and the fat, but cleanly
circumcised glans. Neesha took a curved metallic object out of the bag and
snapped it onto the base of the penis gag.

"Maddy, this gag is very special," Captain Neesha said, as she dipped her hand
into a small jar that Sandy offered her, scooped up some lubricating gel, and
lovingly coated the black phallus. "It's been carefully engineered to allow the
wearer to breathe through her nose, even as it fills her mouth and throat to
capacity. This attachment is the mouthpiece. Its purpose is to fasten your gag
in place without straps, and without marring your makeup or obscuring your
beautiful face. It snaps over the teeth and gums, sort of like the mouthguards
that boxers and football players wear, only much more securely. It locks on. It
grips your upper and lower teeth, providing your customers with a tamperproof
keylock entry. Your jaw will be stretched to it's limits, but your pretty lips
will be able to relax around it somewhat. Let me remind you your principal
challenge now is to remain very calm. Open wide, dear, and lean your head
back....It's time to begin."

Maddy did as she was told, opening her mouth as widely as she could. She felt
Fiona's fingers grip her gently around her throat as Neesha put the large crown
of the gag past her glossy o-shaped red lips. Maddy still couldn't believe the
destination for this gag was deep inside her throat, but she was in no position
to refuse. She closed her eyes and tried to relax. Once the head of it was
inside her mouth, she could taste the mint-flavored gel that her captain had
applied to it. The slippery gel eased the gag across her tongue toward the
opening of her throat. She panicked a little when the gag struck painfully at
the back of her throat, but reminded herself to open her throat as much as
possible. Using a gentle screwing motion, Neesha coaxed the gag past the
sensitive entrance to Maddy's throat. Maddy could feel the tingling sensation
her captain had described, and it felt rather good. Just as Neesha promised, it
seemed to be increasing as the object moved further into her mouth and filled
her throat. But so was the pain. She was wiggling around now and couldn't help
herself. She would have screamed if she had been able to. Sandy's hands went to
Maddy's breasts again, rubbing them and tugging firmly on her nipples,
distracting her as she had done before. Fiona's hands were massaging Maddy's
neck, opening her up. Together, the two attendants fought to steady Maddy as
Neesha pressed the torture gag home. Maddy was terrified now. She felt moisture
on her cheeks and realized that it was the tears pouring from her eyes. She
looked up at Captain Neesha in mute panic.

"You're doing very well dear." Neesha said to her reassuringly. "Those tears are
a normal reaction. All the girls cry when swallowing the gag for the first time.
Try to control your tears, or they will interfere with your breathing. We're
over half way in, and the hardest part is already over with. Tip back a little
more now so I can drop it in the rest of the way."

Maddy tried to comply, but it hurt terribly to move her throat. As she lifted
her chin another fraction of an inch, Neesha pushed the cock all the way down
with one quick motion, until the curved steel mouthpiece met her teeth. She
heard clicking sounds as several flat tabs clipped tightly against the insides
of her teeth. The tabs were one-way spring activated and once engaged wouldn't
relax their grip on her front and side teeth without the use of a key.

"Home free, Maddy! Oh, that's so beautiful!" Neesha cried, "Bring me the mirror,
girls, so Maddy can appreciate this." Maddy was stunned. She blinked her eyes in
astonishment, realizing she couldn't lower her head. Her chin was tipped up by
the gag, as stiffly as any sword swallower's. Fiona held up a small mirror and
Maddy could see her lips clasped around the edges of the mouthpiece, as a scuba
diver might do with an oversized regulator. Except this mouthpiece held an
oversized dildo deep inside Maddy's throat. She could see a narrow keyhole in
the center of the mouthpiece. To her amazement, she was still able to breathe,
but she could only inhale very slowly through her nose.

"That's right, darling," said Neesha, "Try to relax. Concentrate on your
breathing , and you'll be fine. The unique material lodged in your throat is
quite substantial to the touch, but is gas permeable. It will allow enough air
to reach your windpipe to sustain you, if you don't demand too much of it at one
time. Fiona, Sandy, I want you to look at how Maddy's nostrils are flared, and
her pupils are dilated. She is the epitome of an aroused woman. She is also
stuck somewhere between the fear of strangulation, and the real thing, and
that's very arousing for all who behold her. You can even see her gag's sexy
bulge going right down the length of her throat. There's just nothing more
exciting than a pretty woman wearing her torture gag. Don't you dressers agree?"

Fiona and sandy blinked their heavily-madeup eyes twice while giving silent
little head nods. Sandy reached into the wardrobe to pull out several latex
garments. Meanwhile, Fiona and Neesha carefully stood Maddy up from her crouch.
To ease the pressure of the gag inside her throat, Maddy had to look directly up
at the ceiling. The girls helped her lift each leg as they pulled a premolded
latex catsuit over her feet. It unrolled tightly across her legs, making
sensuous rubbery snaps and pops. It continued noisily up around the hips,
snapping up over her breasts and back. The breast sections had small cutouts
revealing Maddy's hard nipples. The dresser attendants guided the small tubes
leading from her safety plugs through the suit, using tiny openings made
especially for this purpose located directly over her anus and urethra. The suit
ended at her armpits where it looped over and zipped together tightly at her
shoulder tops. The girls then pulled a heavy rubber armbinder onto Maddy's arms,
smoothing it down as they worked it tightly up around her elbows. They connected
a zip at the top of the armbinder to a zip which matched it on the back of
Maddy's suit near her shoulders. The restraint mashed her elbows together,
putting her unwilling arms in considerable pain. Maddy was squirming again,
twisting her shoulders in a futile effort to relieve the pressure of the cruel
binder.

"Time to put you into your frame." Neesha whispered as she held Maddy's
shoulders, "It will help you to keep still. Step back slowly, and we'll guide
your feet where they need to go." Maddy had never felt so helpless. She couldn't
see anything they were doing underneath her. She could only look straight up and
concentrate on her breathing. Between the torture gag and the vicious armbinder,
she could barely move an inch without falling. She lifted one latex-covered foot
and bravely stepped back. The dressers caught her foot and gently pushed it into
a shoe-shaped enclosure made of steel. It was formed into the shape of a lady's
foot high on its tiptoe, as if held inside a shoe with a toweringly tall heel.
Her next foot went back, and practiced hands fed it into another steel shell
right next to the first one. Dressers snapped metal brackets over the top of
each foot locking them into their immovable steel sockets. The shells were part
to a sturdy steel platform which Maddy now stood on; and were attached to it
with dozens of precision welds. Roughly the same dimensions as a mechanic's
creeper, this heavy wheeled platform held an upright post of one inch thick
steel tubing. Rising from a point just behind the shoe forms and very close to
the edge of the platform, the tube's height was adjustable, and was jointed at
several points to allow an infinite variety of angles. The dressers maneuvered
the tube so that it bent forward at a 90 degree angle just under Maddy's crotch.

"Bend over, darling. We've almost got you ready now." Neesha said sweetly.

With the dressers help, Maddy bent stiffly at the waist, until her
latex-sheathed belly and sternum rested against the post. They slipped an
attachment over the top of the tube that was about the size and shape of a
ping-pong paddle, heavily padded and covered with black vinyl. They snapped it
onto the tube firmly, and aligned the tube so Maddy could rest her chin and neck
on the face of the small pad. Maddy was forced by her gag to tip her chin up and
face straight forward from her bent position. The girls then wound latex straps
around Maddy's knees binding her legs tightly to the post, and also around her
waist and upper chest area, just above her breasts, preventing any movement
whatsoever.

"Right on time, girls," Neesha told the dressers, "Well done. You've earned 6
less stickers on your next shift. Let's get Maddy right up to amusement room 4.
She has 11 other kiosk virgins to join on their first sexy assignment.


END OF CHAPTER THREE
(c)Aiken, 2000




The Chalet
by Aiken (c)2000

Chapter Four, Maddy goes to the Fellatio Kiosk

As dresser attendants Fiona and Sandy closed up several lockers, and prepared to
wheel Maddy away from her dressing station Captain Neesha crouched close to
Maddy for some extra words of encouragement. "How I envy you." she whispered,
"Your first time is so special. My first journey to the fellatio kiosk was
nearly five years ago. That day still stands out from all the rest... Now you
just need to be tucked in for your trip."

Neesha took a pair of weighted brass nipple clamps from Fiona and placed them
securely on Maddy's nipples. Maddy's breasts pointed straight downward, as the
inverted L-shaped frame bent her constrained torso 90 degrees forward from the
hips. The clamps had a very firm pinch, and their jaws were lightly ridged for a
secure grip. Shining 6-ounce chrome plumb-bobs dangled from 10 inches of rayon
cord beneath each unhappy breast. Maddy couldn't complain about it though, as
she was denied any semblance of speech. The injection Maddy's duty roster
captain had given her to help accommodate the huge cock-shaped torture gag did
far more than neutralize her gag re?ex. It temporarily paralyzed her vocal cords
along with several muscle groups inside her throat. This made her a compliant
victim for the hours of deep-throat face fucking that lay ahead, and rendered
any sound other than the slightest moans impossible for her. It also acted as a
stimulant throughout her body, making her highly alert to any form of discomfort
and pain, yet resistant to a kiosk virgin's propensity for fainting and going
into shock. Last but not least the potion acted on her pleasure centers in an
exceptional way. The drug took approximately 20 hours to run its course, but
didn't actually wear off. A woman's endocrine system was triggered to help flush
it out of her body, while releasing sexual endorphines and pheromones. A cadet's
glands were literally tricked into giving her an orgasmic rush as the drug left
her system. As her mouth and throat areas were inwardly massaged by such things
as gags or cocks, her recovery process was accelerated, and the pleasure
response was intensified, in stark counterpoint to her painfully overstuffed
throat, and awkward bondage. It was a maddeningly effective therapy.

The drug, code named Vector, was the result of decades of tests utilizing
thousands of Chalet girls. It was Chalet Corporation's most closely guarded
secret. New recruits were never told of its existence, nor were the guests who
took piquant pleasure with these delightful new cadets. Some thought it strange
that new girls were always required to wear gags, or were under strict
instructions not to speak. No one bothered to question those rules, as there
were always more enjoyable matters for clients to attend to. The original goal
of Chalet chemists was to find a way to keep new recruits from strangling, going
into shock and dying during their first horrifying days of work. Losing some
cadets was considered unavoidable in this risky business, and acceptable under
the contracts the girls had signed. But Chalet Inc. wanted it kept to a minimum,
as each death was a loss to Chalet profit potential, and damaged the continuity
of management talent. Research found that the drug would save lives, but
included a tremendous bonus. Administered continuously over a number of days, it
trained girls to associate profound sexual pleasure with strangling, whipping,
or any type of carefully repeated painful abuse. Cadets could be programmed to
crave certain punishments with almost pavlovian precision. If administered
incorrectly it would backfire, paralyzing some women for life, or transforming
them into drug addicts and self-destructive masochists.

Sentinels, teams of captains and attendants well trained in the medical arts,
were always on hand when the drug was in use at the fellatio kiosk, monitoring
cadets' dosages and vital signs, while they drained bladders, purged bowels and
maintained the girls' fluid levels. They always knew their Vector level was
perfect when a cadet's eyes and pussy stayed moist and responsive, her heart
volume was slightly elevated, and her hair shone with the subtle health-giving
effects of measured endorphine release. This was one of the key secrets for
Chalet girls feeling young, looking ageless, and maintaining ideal ratios of
toned muscle and body fat, in spite of the daily abuses they suffered. Thriving
was the code word used for this optimal state, though staff members preferred
the more humorous description: writhing and thriving.

Neesha took two bright orange bungee cords and began affixing them to her
helpless captive. The longer of these half inch thick elastic devices went
around Maddy's neck three times. Neesha started by placing the middle of the
cord against the top center of Maddy's throat near her jawline, and pulling the
ends across the back of her neck, then down in front again for a second loop.
This loop included the chrome steel tube that Maddy's body rested against.
Stretching the cords ends firmly, Neesha pulled them back up from the tubing and
clipped their rubber-coated steel hooks together at the back of Maddy's neck.

Maddy couldn't understand it. The heavy elastic cord was stretched tight,
digging into her throat enough to choke her. It seemed so unnecessary and
unfair, as she already had to deal with a ten-inch cock buried inside her
throat! She quickly realized the bungee's choking effects were only
psychological, since the gas-permeable torture gag still allowed her to breath
through her nose, albeit very slowly. If anything, the gag sustained her,
keeping her throat open against the pressure of a bungee cord, which under
different circumstances would have been powerful enough to kill her. It was a
terrifying feeling nevertheless, and quite painful. Together with the weights
biting into her tender nipples, she couldn't believe how much it hurt....

But this wasn't enough pain to satisfy Neesha, who took the much-shorter
remaining cord and connected one end of it under the two hooks already linked at
the nape of Maddy's neck. She carefully worked the other end of this short
bungee through the girl's hair underneath her ponytail knot till it emerged from
her thick mane halfway up the back of her head. Smoothing out Maddy's hair as
she went, Neesha pulled the elastic cord taut against Maddy's scalp, and forward
until it stretched across the middle of the girl's forehead. As the bungee
entered her field of vision, Maddy could see the hook at this end was formed
into two separate hooks about a half-inch apart. Each rubber-coated prong folded
back steeply for an inch or so. Neesha pushed a glistening dollop of sensitizing
mint lube into each of Maddy's nostrils, surprising the girl. She then quickly
hooked the two bungee prongs into Maddy's nasal passages and released the cord.

Maddy's eyes snapped open in astonishment as the bungee-prongs jerked painfully
upward against the small and sensitive openings of her nose. Her nostrils had
never experienced such intrusions. The shape of her beautiful face was distorted
by the tension of the strong cord, and she knew it. She could feel it making her
into a ugly pig-faced thing. It was a rude and awful sensation, rising above
even the pain in her throat, nipples and rectum. She shuddered in misery and
anger.

"A bit much for you to comprehend, isn't it, my dear?" her captain cood,
studying Maddy's eyes, and almost reading her thoughts. She stroked Maddy's hair
as one would do an animal, "It is a lot to learn, so I will try to explain. You
see, the torture gag has become your best friend now, protecting you from a grip
that would otherwise be deadly, though it would probably take all day for the
bungee garotte to asphyxiate you. And the nasal hook is the perfect extra touch.
How singularly unpleasant it is to have the nostrils invaded and deformed, and
one's face made gruesome looking. There's nothing as humiliating as wearing one
in public, not to mention your coming-out party. Knowing that it's only a
temporary violation doesn't help much.... you absolutely detest it, don't you?
All the girls hate it. I certainly did. But customers just adore it. The nasal
hook is a favorite technique of Oriental bondage masters who know a little bit
about mistreating women, and how devastating it is to take away a girl's facial
dignity. Our asian clients love to fondle the girls' nostrils, tickling and
pinching them around their hooks while having their cocks sucked. Your
bungee-garotte has several purposes I should also tell you about... First off,
it's placement around your neck massages chemically vectored areas, so
endorphines are elicited more quickly, and in close association with pain and
pressure at your throat. That's very important. Second of all, your bungee gives
pleasure to customers, not only visually, but also by helping you grip their
cocks more securely. It replaces muscle pressure that is lost while your throat
experiences the paralytic qualities of the medicine. Last and most importantly,
It just hurts."

Maddy gave her captain a wounded look. Of course it hurts, dammit, her look
seemed to say. Maddy's expressive brown eyes were all the poor girl had left to
communicate with.

"But, um... I guess you already know that by now," Neesha added, smiling, "You
see, cadets are required to arrive at amusement rooms in grand fashion, in
creative bondages, and in substantial pain. The Knobs and Nellies up there
really go for that. You might as well know about the unflattering terms we
sometimes use for customers here. And these names must never leave our dressing
rooms, or it's grounds for your termination. Male customers are called Knobs
because that's what the poor men arrive with, erections that can't be erased the
whole time they are here. Their hard knobs do all the thinking for them too, as
they throw away credits for pleasure until they've spent all they have. Nellies
are rarely as intense as the men, but generally tip you twice as much. Sometimes
nervous, sometimes not, many arrive in female groups to partake of your sex and
your pain. Bolstered by the alcohol in their systems, and ladyfriends nearby,
some of them sign contracts to begin their own Chalet girl careers. Other
Nellies enter clinging to their men, aroused and curious, yet always a little
startled by what we dispense here. A bit worried about it too. They've heard the
wives tale of women being sold into a dark world of bondage and slavery to
absolve their husband's debts. Employees are encouraged to joke about that
story. It often amuses and relaxes the crowd, while raising the Nellies' anxiety
another notch...what they don't know won't hurt them, will it?"

"Bungee garottes are always color-keyed," the smiling captain continued
excitedly, "The bright orange ones you have on introduce you as a kiosk virgin,
and a first-month cadet. Medium yellow is the color for the rest of your cadet
service time, until it changes to green for the cadet's 18th and final month.
When attendants wear them, they use blue for their first month, changing to
white until the last of their 18 months, when they wear purple. Captains'
garottes are usually worn in public only for ceremonial purposes, and are always
black. Bungees play an important role in Chalet Girl income, since the
excitement they create helps break down the customers' wallets. For knobs who
love to take on new girls, nothing commands as high a price as the lady in the
orange bungee. One knows at a glance she's fresh, innocent, and ready for
raping. At your kiosk upstairs men will surrender more than a month's income
just to have a go at you. But they must pay even more to have your nose and
throat bungees kept in place. Otherwise we unclip them during his time with you.
Knobs aren't doing you any favors by being cheap, either. When they do that you
are punished in two ways. Number one way is you get less pay. Cadet bonuses are
based solely on the sale of extras, those fees that are added on to basic
charges. A cadet gets 30 percent of any extra credits her customer buys, plus 60
percent of his gratuity, but only when extras are purchased. Otherwise her tip
share drops to 30 percent. Our studies have shown that girls without bungee neck
and face restraints get less than half the tips than the girls whose necks and
nostrils are corded. The psychology of extras is cumulative, and so are the
profits; the hornier a customer gets, the more they snowball. So we promote this
process in many ways. Daily prizes are earned by cadets who get the largest
credit values of their team, upsell the highest ratios of customers, and have
the best increase in extras sold from the previous day."

"Number two way the conservative knobs hurt you," Captain Neesha concluded, "Has
to do with pain. Bungees are quickly reattached between customers along with the
torture gag, and mystery penalties are assessed, so in the long run it ends up
being much worse for you than leaving them on in the first place. The girls are
ready to take you upstairs now, dear. You'll be in the expert hands of
Entertainment Captain Lauren and her beautiful staff of sentinels and maids.
Have a good time, darling, and make me proud. I'll see you in the break area in
about 6 hours."

Thru a haze of pain and conflicting emotions, Maddy blinked twice to her
beautiful captain as the two dressers wheeled her away toward a large freight
elevator at the far end of the room. The platform she was fastened to was
sturdy, but not smooth-rolling. She could feel every bump and wiggle being
transmitted from its wheels to the plumb bobs swinging from her sore titties.
The steel tube running behind her legs and beneath her tummy and chest was good
for holding her in her bent-forward position, but little else. It offered no
stability at all. The rubber straps that attached her to it at the calves,
knees, thighs, waist, and chest had enough stretch in them to let her slip a
little from side to side as they pushed her along, straining her leg and back
muscles continually, and putting more stress on her neck bungee than she knew
how to deal with. Maddy couldn't decide which area hurt worse, her packed and
garotted throat, her armbindered shoulders, her clamped and weighted breasts, or
her mercilessly arched feet which, clamped inside their steel shells, placed her
body weight squarely on the tips of her toes. Finally she decided that above
this tapestry of pain her nose hook was the worst. Somehow, it remained
uppermost in her thoughts, as it pulled against her tiny nostrils. It did worse
than hurt her physically. It distressed her emotionally. She could feel it
cancelling out the erotic beauty of her sumptuously madeup face, degrading her
with each passing moment, and for all the world to see. As they waited for the
elevator doors to open, bitter tears ?owed from Maddy's eyes.

When the elevator doors reopened, Maddy was embraced by the distinctive chimes
of slot machines and other casino games, and the busy babble of excited
customers. Amusement room 4 was a brightly lit ballroom with beautiful red
carpets and sparkling chandeliers. It was barely eight o'clock in the morning,
yet a good crowd of people was already on hand, crisply dressed in formal
evening wear. The eager smiles and soft whistles surrounding her told her that
she had been the first to arrive. The dressers pushed her up to a large round
table in the center of the room and turned her until her back faced it. She
could see the elevator door reopen a moment later, and another latex-bound girl
was wheeled out by two sticker-suited dressers. This girl was a petite blond
whose large blue eyes registered the same depths of pain and humiliation that
Maddy felt. Maddy recognized her as Petra, a beautiful Belgian girl who tested
out of school early and falsified her age when she applied to Chalet, Inc. Maddy
discovered her secret as they studied together during orientation. Petra's
predicament appeared to be identical to Maddy's, and her nose hooks were
bracketed by the same tears of resentment and shame.

Over and over the elevator door reopened, and another Chalet girl emerged. All
were dressed and bound identically, with their orange-bungeed throats gagging on
ten-inch columns of latex, and their eyes streaming silent tears. Each was
greeted appreciatively by noisy customers whose numbers were growing. The girls
were wheeled up to similar positions just outside the ten-foot perimeter of the
glass-covered table. Finally, twelve cadets were equally spaced around the
table, arranged like spokes from the center of a wheel, each with two dresser
attendants standing alongside them at stiff attention.

"Ladies and Gentlemen," an announcer's voice boomed across the ballroom, "We
proudly present to you our newest class of Chalet-Boston Cadets, Class 15 of
year 2066. Fresh from orientation, these ladies are ready to begin their arduous
Chalet Girl careers. Each one has met our exacting standards for beauty,
intelligence and complicity. Each of these lovely ladies has given their
complete and unconditional consent. You will be the very first ones to
experience them in this way. And remember, each cadet has been painfully bound
in a fashion that they themselves could not have imagined just one short hour
ago. Please... give them a warm greeting and enjoy them in good health, because
...you....WON'T be disappointed!"

The crowd erupted with applause and cheers. They were excited already, but
watching the beautiful kiosk virgins being delivered to them one by one in
excruciating bondage had them at fever pitch. Hearing the announcer recite
Chalet International's famous motto sent them over the top. Printed countless
times in glossy magazine ads and recited for years on sultry TV and radio ad
campaigns, the phrase "You WON'T be disappointed" had become the most
recognizable business slogan on earth. A gorgeous woman emerged from the edge of
the turbulent crowd, dressed in a captain's day suit and collar. It was Captain
Lauren. She clapped her hands twice, and the 24 tightly-gagged dresser
attendants went into motion. They pushed their sexy prisoners' platforms back
simultaneously until the cadets' latex-coated bottoms met the center post
beneath the table. Dressers busied themselves with the central post, which was
an instrument-laden metallic cylinder about three feet wide. There were 12
docking stations at the table's hub, one corresponding to each cadet's
posterior. The red and green tubes emerging from their ass plugs and urethra
plugs were connected to corresponding color coded tubes on the hub. A nine-inch
steel prong was lifted up and inserted thru a hidden slit at the crotch of each
cadet's catsuit, located directly over the girls vaginal openings. The tubular
prongs were mounted on adjustable metal pivots, and once pressed deep inside the
girls' vaginas, were angled upward to hold each girl in position. After this
fitting was complete four special clips at the base of the prongs were engaged,
snapping onto the outer labia of the girls vaginas. These clips had serrated
jaws, and were astonishingly painful. They were designed to hold the girls'
pussies fully onto the prongs and to make any rear movements or struggles futile
and highly unpleasant for the kiosk captives.

After the girls' pussy-plugs were properly aligned and secured, their dressers
engaged several switches, powering up special devices inside the docking units.
Dressers clipped round devices to cadets' earlobes connected by slender wires to
thick waxy ear plugs. Resembling the large plastic ear jewelry that refreshment
maids wore, these earpieces were called earwires, and served a dual function.
Sounds were transmitted and regulated into cadets' ears through a system called
the sentinel relay. One sentinel captain and a corresponding sentinel attendant
were responsible for every two cadets during kiosk duty. Sitting in control
rooms with small windows overlooking the enormous glass covering of the kiosk
table, sentinel captains communicated with both cadets and attendants from their
headsets, giving them orders, admonishments, and encouragements, as well as
income updates or any other type of information the captains deemed necessary.
At the same time, the earwires gathered and transmitted vital information back
to the sentinel captains, who continually tracked their two cadets'
temperatures, heart rates, fluid balances, blood pressures, etc. Adding once
again to the poor cadets' cacophony of pain, these two-way radio devices
utilized sharp jaws similar to their pussy clips, but much narrower so as to
focus more pressure on the sensitive lobes of their ears. The earwires currently
emitted white noise, a sufficient amount of it to cancel out any discussion or
sounds in the room. Until they were removed, the only sounds the cadets would
hear were the ones that their sentinel captains wanted them to hear.

"When will they ever finish?" Maddy thought despondently, her body a quivering
riot of pain signals, twinges of excitement and pangs of raw fear, "When will
they be done with these endless preparations, and leave us alone to suck these
men off?" Her medication was doing its work, keeping the nerves at peak
sensitivity throughout her body. In spite of the pain she was feeling, the
Vector drug had piqued her pleasure centers beyond belief, and she desperately
needed to come.

It was just as captain Neesha had told her. Maddy's pussy tingled and dripped
with unbearable arousal, and her throat ached with more than the unnatural pain
and pressure of her torture gag and garotte. Maddy burned with a supernatural
desire to feel something stroking and rubbing against the walls of her mouth and
throat. If that meant a man's hard cock, or twenty men's hard cocks, then so be
it. It was a maddening itch she couldn't scratch. The cold steel prod in her
pussy made her shiver, and the labia clips felt like snakes biting her. But they
still brought welcome reassurance. At least now she knew that when her customers
finally appeared she would have something to bear down on to achieve orgasm, and
hopefully, distract her from her chemically-induced oral cravings. But when?
When would their cocks arrive? She couldn't wait..

As if answering Maddy's silent prayers, and those of other girls alongside her,
the dressers stood proudly and marched to the far end of the room for Captain
Lauren's inspection. The beautifully crimson-lipped, auburn-haired captain
walked slowly past the row of 24 women, appraising their appearance and
composure, pulling this, and checking that. "Well done, ladies," she said at
last, "Everyone here did their jobs correctly today, and should receive four
less stickers in their suits on their next shift. Except for you, Theresa, and
Marie. Your gags and neckropes aren't on tightly enough, and some of your hair
has come undone. I won't tolerate sloppiness in my room, girls. Everyone report
immediately to your costume captains for a five-sticker increase, and two hours
of restroom cleaning. Theresa and Marie, you are to report for three hours of
personal duty to captain's lounge number 2 at eighteen hundred. Be in groomer's
suits. Properly fitted. You are all dismissed to return to your departments
now."

The attendants blinked and nodded respectfully, and marched single file to the
elevators. From a doorway on the opposite wall, twelve women entered the room at
the same time, much to the delight of the crowd. Six of them were lovely
refreshment maids, flashing radiantly red smiles and shuffling along in their
shining steel enclosures. The other six were sentinel attendants, usually called
sentinel maids. They wore peach-colored lycra suits stretched over the same type
of sticker-equipped rubber suits that the dresser attendants wore. Other than
the color difference, their attire was identical to what the blue dressers wore,
except in two ways. Sentinel maids had the painfully clipped-on earwires that
kiosk cadets wore, and were not required to wear gags. Sentinel maids wore the
same head harnesses and neckropes as refreshment maids and dresser attendants,
but like the refreshment maids, sentinel maids needed unfettered mouths to do
their duties. Their heavily lacquered lips were on full display at all times,
adding to their customers' pleasure, and their tip tally, as they smiled,
answered questions and requests, managed the flow of knobs to their cadets, and
responded to the directions of their sentinel captains upstairs.

"Ladies and gentlemen," Captain Lauren called enthusiastically, "These twelve
lovely Chalet girls are now ready to pleasure you. We first need to get everyone
into their proper lines. Seven of you are reserved for each of them this
morning, meaning that during the next five hours, 84 customers in this room will
get to experience an incredible 40-minute session with a true kiosk virgin. Some
of you have a ticket in your hand with a number on it that you've paid a
handsome price for. Hold onto it carefully and line up over there where a large
star in the carpet has the same color as your card. There are twelve stars that
match your 12 different ticket colors. Line up in the order of your ticket
number beginning with numbers one through seven. Chairs will be made available
for those of you who want them.  We've all been having fun up until now, and the
noise was not a problem, but I require everyone in line to be quiet now, because
we are managing sound files and making high-resolution videos today. I know it
can be disappointing to have to line up more than forty feet away from the
action, but the quality of time each of you receives during your turn with a
cadet is well worth the effort the rest of us makes not to crowd anyone or make
distracting noises. Video screens above the wall nearest to you will provide the
benefit of live close ups, and attendants will bring you complimentary food and
drinks orders while you wait. I trust the time will pass pleasantly for you. If
any of you has a question or a special request, tell your attendant to notify me
and we will look into it. Everyone not holding a reservation ticket must leave
the ballroom now. All the rooms adjacent to this one have plenty of seating and
large live-action screens that you will find very enjoyable to watch. By the
way, in this room my word is law. Anyone not obeying me will be asked to leave
Chalet-Boston immediately and permanently. Let's go, folks."

The excited crowd followed her instructions quickly and to the letter. She
whispered something to a pair of pretty sentinel maids, then looked up to the
sentinel captains, whom she outranked, and winked happily. Moving smoothly on
their high-heeled boots, the two maids traversed the large room to inform twelve
lucky customers with the number one on their cards that it was their time to
come forward. The bizarre spectacle was about to begin....


END OF CHAPTER FOUR
(c)Aiken, 2000




The Chalet
by Aiken (c)2000

Chapter Five, Maddy's Kiosk duty begins

Following the two lycra-suited sentinel attendants sent to notify them, the
first group of 12 horny patrons walked from their waiting area to the fellatio
kiosk. Each of the men held a colored ticket corresponding to a colored sticker
at the outer edge of the kiosk table. Beneath each colored dot a Chalet girl
experienced her first day at work, and awaited her first 5 hours of cock sucking
duty while bound, plugged and gagged under the glass table of the kiosk. None of
these girls had ever experienced anything like this. Hence the nickname kiosk
virgins. Neither their wildest dreams nor their eight week orientation class
could prepare them for their cruel paradox. Though trapped in miserable bondage
these girls bathed in a silent torrent of drug-induced erotic excitement.

Each of the six sentinel attendants orientate the two customers at her station
prior to each 40 minute session. Explaining that she is responsible for the
safety of her two chalet girls, as well as the pleasure of those girls' clients,
she affixes the required latex gloves and condoms onto her customers, and
explains the workings of the DAV headset with its 5x7 inch tilt-out laser video
panel.

"Gentlemen, listen very closely," Captain Lauren called out to everyone in the
ballroom, "We only have time to cover this information once. For the 2000
credits each of you has already spent for your ticket today a very special
experience awaits you. Here is what is included with your purchase:
Up to 40 minutes of priceless pleasure with a genuine Chalet Girl, who will
fellate you while she is restrained and locked into a kiosk frame. Refreshment
maids will serve you complimentary drinks during this time, according to your
request. Also during this time a 30 minute Personal Profiles movie will be
played thru your DAV headset featuring the very girl who sucks your cock under
the table. In this movie she introduces herself and answers questions about her
unusual career choice and other personal matters. This video is a top quality
production compiled during her orientation classes over the past eight weeks. It
follows her through family, work and leisure time, and includes some very
intimate moments in the shower and toilet. She practices putting on her chalet
girl makeup for you, poses seductively and masturbates in the nude and in a
variety of sexy costumes. The most endearing moment of every girl's profile is
when she is asked about the difficulties she will soon face. She explores her
apprehensions about being consensually placed in daily bondages such as the fix
she is in today, and subjected to finely tuned erotic tortures. She wrestles
with the mystery of how this brings her customers so much joy, and talks about
her future plans once the money rolls in. The contrast this rather wholesome
movie provides while plunging one's cock down the garotted throat of the same
girl is quite stimulating. Customers tell us it gives them pleasure without
peer. An autographed copy of this limited edition movie is available for
purchase at the end of your session.

Here are the rules. You are not allowed to touch any part of a Chalet Girl with
any part of your anatomy except your cock and balls. If you purchase the extra
feature of touching your Chalet Girl's face with your fingers, you must cause no
injury to her, and must be wearing your latex gloves. Today's menu of extras is
printed on a card in front of you. Your extra choices are as follows:

From Group A -you may circle any or all.

1. Face and neck bungees stay in place.      20 extra CREDITS
2. Talk to your Chalet Girl thru headset.     20 extra CREDITS
3. Give your Chalet Girl a drink.                  20 extra CREDITS
4. Finger touch/fondle Chalet Girl's face    20 extra CREDITS

Purchasing all of A group earns a discount price of 70 credits
and entitles a customer to purchase items from Group B.

Group B -you may circle any or all, provided you have chosen all of group A

1. Bungee nipple-stirrups are affixed.            25 extra CREDITS
2. 10 minute bowel flush during session.        25 extra CREDITS
3. 5 minute bladder flush during session.       25 extra CREDITS
4. Random pussy plug/butt plug shocks.        25 extra CREDITS

Purchasing all of B group earns a discount price of 90 credits. Special
indicator lights appear on your mini-DAV monitor whenever she experiences the
random shocks or the surprise flushes. Sentinel captains will also notify you if
your Chalet Girl requires a moment of rest, or has just achieved an orgasm.

The Personal Profiles movie of your Chalet Girl may be purchased for 110
credits.
A custom movie made of your time with her today is available for another 110
credits.

A Platinum Package may be purchased that includes the following:

All of the choices from groups A and B, plus....
Both DAV movies celebrating the erotic contrast between her orientation days,
and today.

PLUS...

A deluxe hardbound edition of Chalet Girl Portraits Magazine, filled with
beautiful color pictures of her and the other eleven girls performing in today's
kiosk, A 55 credit value.  Plus...
A deluxe commemorative case and viewing stand for your movies and book featuring
a framed and autographed high-fashion photo of your kiosk virgin. Another 65
credit value.

All this may be purchased for a discount package price of just 425 credits! If
you want the platinum package, circle the letter P at the bottom of your card,
and you will get the works. Remember, an automatic 10 percent gratuity is
applied to all extras, but you may wish to add to this amount at any time. Just
tell your sentinel maid, and she will get it done for you. Maids, Is everyone
ready to begin now?"

The maids all smiled and nodded, and quietly began hooking up the DAV headsets,
and briefing their customers.

"I am your sentinel maid Linda," the peach-suited brunette beauty informed the
man who held a pink card as she placed a DAV headset on him and gently pushed
soft devices into his ears. "What is your first name, sir?" her shining red
smile asked him.

"Brad," he responded feeling a bit lightheaded. Her voice had changed somehow,
and his had also. Their words were crystal clear with a bit of an echo, as if
they were conversing in a large empty room. He realized that he had heard her
question thru his headset. All other sounds in the room had been cancelled out.
"Very good sir," Linda said, "Your headset is working correctly. I am here for
your pleasure and safety, as well as for these two kiosk virgins Maddy and
Petra. If you need anything at all just speak softly. Both I and Captain Judy
will hear you clearly. Hold out your hands please, and I will put the gloves on
for you."

Brad smiled and did as she asked.

"Good morning, Brad," he heard another woman's pleasant voice say thru the
headset, "I am Judy, sentinel relay captain for you and the customer to your
left. When Linda is finished putting on your gloves and condom, you may select
your choices on the card in front of you. Are you excited, Brad?"

"Oh, yes," he answered, hating the nervous quiver in his voice," I've dreamed of
this for years."

"That's great, Brad," she said, "I see your heart rate is elevated, and that's
understandable. You're in for a special treat today. I want you to relax and
enjoy every bit of it. Remember, kiosk virgins have also dreamt of this day, but
the poor dears have no idea how far we will take them."

Linda had finished putting his gloves on. After removing his trousers and
folding them over a rung on the back of the tall stool behind him, Linda placed
a condom over the end of Brad's already-hard penis. She unrolled it over its
nearly nine-inch length. "Mmmmmm, dripping wet already I see." Linda smiled,
"Naughty boy...." Linda gave his latex-covered erection a gentle squeeze, then
proceeded with the man next to him. Linda placed a headset on that man and
repeated the introduction process for him. Brad took his pen and quickly circled
the letter P at the bottom of the selection card. Then wrote frozen margarita
down on his drink card. He wasn't going to miss any of this awesome experience. 

"Linda, is it true that each of you has gone thru this kiosk thing?" Brad asked
softly into the headset.

"Yes, that's true, Brad" Linda answered, finishing up with the other man's
condom, "Fellatio kiosk duty is mandatory at the beginning of every chalet
girl's enlistment. It's a grueling initiation. Fourteen men per day during two
5-hour duty shifts. It continues for fourteen days straight and sometimes
longer, if the girl is being disciplined. When I started two years ago they
combined it with exquisite japanese-style rope bondage and platform-heeled
shoes. But styles change. Now the girls are perched in steel shoe-shells, and
wear latex armbinders. Do you like the way your Chalet Girl is dressed, Brad?"

"Yes, very much." Brad answered her, "I can't wait to get started with her."

"Neither can she, Brad," Captain Judy chimed, "I assure you, even though she's
ruthlessly bound, gagged and forbidden to speak, Maddy aches to feel your hard
cock in her throat. Stand by, Linda is almost ready to remove the torture gags
from Maddy's and Petra's mouths. Do you want to listen to Maddy's moans, Brad?"

"Yes!" he exclaimed.

"Very good," Captain Judy said, "You selected the Platinum package which
includes talking to your chalet girl. Do you wish for her to hear your comments
at this time?"

"Yes!" Brad said, feeling a bit like a broken record. "From now on I'd like her
to hear me."

 "She can hear you now, Brad," Judy answered, "You may begin talking to her and
taking pleasure with her as soon as her gag has been removed. Maddy, this is
Brad. He is a tall very good looking man. And... as you can probably see, Brad
is pretty excited to meet you."

At this time sentinel attendant Linda took a key from a little pouch above her
right breast and placed it into the keyhole at the center of Maddy's torture
gag. A clicking sound could be heard as she twisted the key to the right,
freeing the steel latches that locked the gag against the girls teeth. Linda
took the gag in both hands and pulled it out in one smooth motion. She held the
10 inch black rubber cock still dripping with Maddy's saliva for Brad to
examine. He looked at it for a moment, marvelling at how a girl could keep
something like that inside her throat without choking to death. Reading his
thoughts, Linda smiled and winked at him, then placed the gag on a shelf midway
down Brad's stool. She then repeated this process on Petra, giving that customer
the same opportunity to inspect the nasty object that tormented Petra's throat.

Maddy couldn't believe the erotic sensation the gag created as it was withdrawn.
She started to orgasm, but the feeling was cut short when she felt the pressure
of the bungee garotte biting deeper into her throat. It was suddenly more
intense than before, as there was no phallus to keep her throat open against it,
and she began to strangle. She panicked for a moment until she saw Brad's cock
come close to her lips. Maddy knew it would help her in her battle against the
bungee cord. She reached out for it with her lips and tongue, desperate to have
it inside her.

"Hello, Maddy," Brad said, "Captain Judy says you can hear me now. You are about
the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. Judy says you want my cock more than
anything... is that right Maddy?" By this time Brad had gotten his penis close
enough for Maddy to embrace just the head of it with her lipstick coated lips.
She was tenderly sucking on it, hoping that he would come close enough to feed
her more of it. With the latex covered knob inside her lips she nodded up and
down slightly, answering yes to Brad's question.

"Mmmmmm.... what a nice way to say yes." Brad moaned. "Do you want more of me,
Maddy?" She moaned and moved her head up and down vigorously. She had to have
more. Suddenly she felt something pulling at her left breast. Glancing down she
saw Linda hook a heavy bungee cord to a ring at the bottom of her breast weight.
"Bungee nipple stirrups, Maddy," Linda said cheerfully, "Customer's orders." The
other end of the cord was hooked to an eyelet at the left front corner of her
wheeled cart. The pressure of the cord pulling against her nipple clamps hurt
her terribly. Tears and sweat dripped from Maddy's chin as Linda stretched a
similar cord to Maddy's right breast, tethering it cruelly to the right front
corner of her cart. Maddy was in agony but she couldn't cry out because of the
throat paralysis drug. All she could manage to do was groan and continue to suck
Brad's meaty knob. By this time he had allowed another inch into her moist maw.

"Wow this really feels great," Brad said, "Judy was right, you must want this as
badly as I do."

Maddy nodded again to let Brad know she agreed, and also to get more of his dick
into her. Brad decided it was time to go deeper. He planted his feet and pushed
his hips forward, sliding another six inches past Maddy's luscious lips. She was
in heaven. His pole entered her throat and soothed her craving somewhat. Rocking
her head back and forth, she sucked and blew against his cock as she breathed
around it, making nasty whistling sounds as she fellated him.

"Oh shit this feels good...." Brad murmured. "It even sounds good....."

"Why don't you touch her face Brad?" Captain Judy asked him softly, "You've
purchased that privilege. It's a very intimate experience fondling a girl's face
and lips while she sucks you off."

"Great idea, Judy." Brad answered, reaching forward with both hands and stroking
Maddy's cheeks. Through the thin latex gloves he felt Maddy's tears along her
nose and chin and rubbed them in, gently soothing her. Then he touched her
creamy lips stretched around his meat stick. Gleaming red Chalet Girl lips.
Incredibly soft and sexy. He felt her jerk slightly as he stroked them, tickling
them. Her face was very sensitive, and she adored tender facial touches. Maddy
spasmed once, then again, but kept sucking him dutifully. Brad's fingers moved
up to explore her nose. It was misshapen of course. The bungee nose hooks
tugging at her nostrils tilted them unnaturally upward. He felt the hooks, and
lightly traced her nasal openings with his latex coated pinkie fingers. He
whistled softly. "Poor girl, those hooks must feel terrible..."

With a throat full of warm cock, Maddy shook her head from side to side as she
suckled, telling Brad no.... not so terrible.

"No?" Brad asked with a smile on his lips, "Mmmmm, you are indeed a very special
girl, Maddy."

Brad brought his hands to Maddy's lips, wetting his pinkies thoroughly with her
saliva. He moved his fingers back to her nose and placed the tips of his
smallest two digits into her nostrils. He held them there for a moment, then
wiggled them a bit, spreading her spit around. Probing a little deeper he felt
the blobs of slippery gel that Captain Neesha had pressed into her nose while
dressing Maddy. "Now, that's interesting..." Brad said. "You've been lubed." He
rotated his fingers in little circles, smearing the lube around as he went. He
felt her tense up as he pushed both fingers deep inside, up to the first
knuckle, and some of the gel squirted out. Maddy shuddered as he pushed in a
little farther, filling her passages completely. All the while his hips were
moving steadily forward and back. Maddy proceeded with the only thing she could
do, the only thing she wanted to do. She sucked Brad's cock.

"Orgasm number two for your little whore." Judy said proudly, "Number one was
just a little one while you played with her lips, but this one was quite nice.
You're very good at this aren't you, Brad?"

"First time at the kiosk," Brad laughed, "And I've certainly never finger fucked
a girl's nose before," Brad said, "I've got to admit, it's a lot of fun, even if
it is kinda gross."

"It's the very same for her," Judy replied, "Not the sort of thing nice girls
do, is it? She's never dreamed of this, I assure you, but she came anyway. The
nose is an under-appreciated area of eroticism, yet It's quite common for our
girls to climax during noseplay. I'm told it has something to do with the nose
being the only remaining orifice of a kiosk virgin that isn't plugged. Are you
ready to watch her video now, Brad?"

"Sure!" Brad grunted, moving smoothly in and out of Maddy's willing throat.

"If your legs get tired, just rest on the stool, sir," Linda said to him,
smiling radiantly. "You'll find it is an ideal height to continue face fucking
her as you sit. And of course you may put your feet into the stirrups on her
nipple bungees as you rest. Her movie is about to begin inside your monitor,
sir. Enjoy the show."

Brad sat on the backless stool to see how it felt. It had a thin round cushion
that was surprisingly comfortable. He placed his feet into the brass stirrups
that were riveted to the thick bungees halfway between Maddy's poor nipples and
the cart. He felt maddy's mouth jerking in pain as she sucked. Brad's legs
relaxed immediately, and he felt great. He could see Maddy's body trembling in
her latex bondage thru the glass tabletop. Linda showed him the small lever that
activated his stool top, allowing it to slide backward and forward on hidden
steel runners. It gave him nearly a foot of hip motion making his thrusts almost
effortless with slight pulls and pushes of his feet against the nipple stirrups.
A beautiful refreshment maid shuffled up to him and handed him a frozen
margarita. He sipped at his beverage and looked forward to great show. 

Brad heard music swell as his DAV screen came to life. Letters danced into view
spelling the words Chalet Girl Cadets Personal Profiles, volume 807G, Madalin
Davis. Suddenly the letters melted away and the music faded as the face of a
beautiful young lady filled the screen. She was smiling into the camera. Another
woman's voice could be heard faintly telling her it was time to introduce
herself. "Umm, hi!" she said. "My name is Madalin, I'm 19, and I'm in
orientation class to become a Chalet Girl. Some of my friends think I'm crazy,
but I've always wanted to do this, since I first heard about Chalet Girls, and
saw how beautiful and popular and rich they were." Maddy was brushing her dark
brown hair as she spoke, and giggled a little bit, when she heard the unseen
lady's voice ask, "And what about the sex?"

"Well I understand there will be lots and lots of it," she smiled, "And it will
get a little rough.... but I don't think I'll mind. I love sex in all its forms.
I can handle some bondage and pain too if that's what makes my customers happy."

A little rough? Brad felt his cock stiffen about three more notches hearing her
talk like this. It was incredible. She was naively talking about her enlistment
like it would be a walk in the park. The same girl who was trapped beneath the
glass, struggling desperately to swallow his cock. Captain Lauren was right.
There was nothing like this...

"Captain Judy?" Brad asked, "Can Maddy hear this tape along with me?"

"If you want her to, Brad, sure," Judy answered, "Like all the other girls, she
didn't know the real purpose of our filming her during class, and none of the
cadets have seen any of these clips. She can hear herself now, as well as you
and I..."

"Thank you," Brad answered.

Maddy was showing off her body now, explaining how proud she was of her cute
round bottom, but she didn't like her tits too much, They were a nice shape, but
at 34C they weren't as large as she wanted. "They do look great in a push up
bra, though, and they're still growing, so I'm not too unhappy," she smiled
again and tossed her hair. "What do you think of my nipples?" she asked, teasing
them with her hairbrush, "My boyfriends always loved them, nice big hard ones,
aren't they?"

"They sure are, Maddy," Brad answered thru the headset as he slid smoothly into
her throat, "You are an especially lovely girl."

Maddy put her brush down and pulled her long hair back into a ponytail, using a
plastic clip to hold it in place. "Time to show you how we do our makeup!" Maddy
said excitedly, "It's a very important part of being a Chalet Girl. We've been
practicing application for days. This is where it all begins..."

As the video image of Maddy picked up a jar and began applying her base makeup,
the real life Maddy began to shake. She was arching her back desperately and
twisting around. Brad noticed a small red light blinking in the bottom left
corner of the DAV screen. "Those are the random shocks, Brad." Judy explained,
"Coursing through her pussy and ass plugs. They usually last less than 15
seconds. Blue and yellow lights at the right bottom of the screen will notify
you when Maddy's internal flushes are in progress. And of course I will keep you
informed on the other matters." Brad smiled and continued to enjoy the show.

"Stroking upward, it goes on like this," she explained, "One good coat is
followed by three more. That's correct, captain's orders. Four layers of all
cosmetics is what it takes to look just right..."

"Maddy, I want you to know that I'm having a very good time," Brad whispered to
her after her shocks subsided, "It's almost impossible to believe that a
beautiful girl like you would volunteer for such difficult work...but I'm so
glad you did..." Brad was reaching an orgasm, and paused to enjoy it to the
fullest, with Maddy's warm throat clasped around the full length of his cock.

"I have a confession to make," Brad told her, "Remember the man you met this
morning at the tollbooth? Well, that was me, Maddy. I know I was too wound up to
talk to you then. You were so gorgeous I couldn't function. But I knew one thing
for sure. I had to have you. I hustled straight over here and bought my ticket.
It took most of my savings, especially with the extra fee it cost me to be sure
I got you and not just any girl... but it was worth it. You're worth every bit
of it and more. I love you, Maddy, and I plan to visit you as often as my income
and savings allow me to."

Brad saw text flashing across the bottom of the DAV screen, signed by Captain
Judy. "Third orgasm recorded," it read, "Even better than number two, you
stud..."


END OF CHAPTER FIVE
(c)Aiken, 2000




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aiken


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





