BDSM Library - Revolt of the Slaves




Revolt of the Slaves
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three male sex slaves decide to make a slave of their mistress.
Revolt of the Slaves
by Incalesence

This was a time of rest for the three young male sex slaves.  They lounged on
the beach or on the patio overlooking the sea and aired their strong young
bodies.  Samuel was blond, six-foot-one, well muscled and with the face of a
cherub. His skin, fully exposed now to the sun, had turned a beautiful tan
during the months of his bondage-by-the sea.  Joshua was red-headed, with creamy
skin, six two and thin to the point of showing his ribs, but with wide shoulders
and chest, standing on powerful legs.  Joshua stayed mostly in the shade.  Their
mistress wanted his cheeks to be white to show the red of his frequent
blushes-and the red of the frequent beatings across his other cheeks.  Finally,
there was Lemuel, a six-foot four inch stud of a man, big everywhere, but soft
in voice and with a gentle mien.  Lem had light brown hair and the muscles of a
hero.  Their mistress saw that all of her young studs worked out to stay in
shape-in shape for her pleasure and to withstand her severe ministrations.

As they sat together this day, the men reflected to each other on how they had
come to their current pass.  They all admitted that they were still obsessed by
their beautiful Mistress Eve.  She constantly and boldly displayed her body to
them-all five-foot eight-inches of slim and supple womanhood-at her prime at 28. 
And with all the power of her dominant female sexuality.  They were
psychologically enthralled.  It had been seven  months for Lem, five for Josh
and four for Sam. 

Indeed, Eve kept them well-between punishing sex sessions.  Yet the essential
was missing, for none had ever touched her.  None had kissed her.  Certainly
none had fucked her mouth or cunt or ass.  And all of the slaves were more
tortured by want of her than by all her other punishments. 

She had painted pictures of pleasures.  Never promising, but talking quietly and
often about feeling their cocks deep inside her.  Talking of swallowing their
cum.  Talking of letting them whip her as she whipped them.  Talking of taking
Sam up her ass and Lem up her cunt and Josh in her sweet mouth.  But it never
happened. 

Always it was just her, naked and tall.  Walking about the basement with her
whip.  Hanging them all three by the wrists from the rafters.  Binding their
cocks with soft leather thongs-she wanted no permanent damage to her property. 
They only felt her as she bound them, soft whispers of her finger tips.  But
even then, it was mostly the thongs they felt as they hung there.  The thongs
wrapping their penises that had become massive and engorged even as she had
stripped herself of her clothing and as they crawled naked on the cold cement
floor toward her to be bound.

They felt only her eyes on their hardened cocks as they stepped upon the stool
she placed under each one forcing them to hang themselves from the rafters.  And
then they felt the cat as she whipped their butts in silence, each in his turn. 
They had learned not to cry out.  If a man cried out, Mistress Eve made him get
down and go silently to his room.  He was on his honor not to masturbate or
touch himself .  Then he suffered in silence alone for crying out.

But those that did not cry out still felt only the whip, the thongs bound round
butt and penis, waist and chest.  Never did they feel even the hair of her head,
let alone the lovely dark hairs round her pussy.  Sometimes she showed them,
close-up, the juices between her legs, but they never tasted her sweet liquid. 

Oh they came-yes, they came big all over the room as she whipped chests and
groins and pulled thongs tighter with her teeth.  They did touch her then, but
only with huge streams of cum as they exploded and then went flaccid beneath
their bindings.

But she had not come at all for the first few months.  Then finally she had
begun to spasm lightly by her own hand.  But they were glad to see that she
came, because, they all agreed, that they did not want her to be frigid.  If she
came while watching and torturing, perhaps some day she would come with one or
more of them inside her.  Perhaps she was just working her way up to it-she had
told them they were her first slaves.

How had it come to this?  They wondered aloud as they lazed about dreaming of
the one cunt they all wanted but feared they would never have.

It was two days before their mistress' return.  They were watching an old video
that Eve had in her collection.  It was the film Spartacus.  And they were
inspired.  They pledged each other that they would take what they desired.  Yes,
sometimes Eve would still be allowed to torture them, but only if the session
ended in their having her-all of them.  They had learned their lessons well. 
Now they would make their mistress their pupil and their slave bitch too. And
they would taste the exquisite pleasure of her pain.  They would remain her
slaves but would also become her three inexorable, inescapable masters.

Two days seemed hardly enough time to prepare.  First they planned the exact
sequence of events.  Then they laid out their equipment.  They would use belts,
nine of their own.  And the lash she so loved and whose end she often tongued
and swallowed to show them what she could do to their cocks, if only she would. 
And the thongs.  Smelly from their constant male cummings.

And they would torture her too with words, as she had tortured them.  Telling
tales of what would cum in the future.

As the sun set and the light darkened in the house they lay in wait for her. 
Fully dressed for once, smiling, quiet, and primed like the hunters they had
known they could be.

She had no premonition, no warning.  She called out on her way to the door. 
That was her signal to her slaves.  They were expected to be waiting just
inside, naked, kneeling face to the floor.  She had taught them to remove her
sandals and bathe her feet with their moist tongues all the while keeping their
asses aloft and moving gently.  This was to be their salute and gesture of
renewed submission to her.

Instead they loomed over her.  Three tall, powerful, fully dressed, and erect
males.  All three said in unison, "Welcome home whore.  We've been waiting for
you."

She ordered them to get naked and to get down.  They laughed, genuinely and
deeply, as they set aside her things and lifted her easily off the floor. 
Samuel grabbed her under the arms; Lem hoisted her aloft under the butt.  And
Josh clamped his huge hands around her ankles.  They carried her straight to the
cellar.  She screamed and they gagged her with a mean-looking bit-like device
which she had often used on them during their training.
They bound her wrists and hung her on a hook from the ceiling.  All three
vigorously tore off her outer clothing.  Then they took a knife and cut off her
bra and panties.  She swayed naked and quite high off the floor, hanging from
the hook that was meant to elevate any of her six-foot-plus slaves.  She
squirmed and her terrified eyes seemed to say that she could not believe this
was happening to her, the untouchable Mistress Eve.

Each of them, Sam, Lem and Josh, picked up a leather belt of theirs and fastened
it around her hanging body.  Lem put his just above her nipples.  Sam fastened
his belt tightly around her waist.  Joshua cinched his wide belt tight around
her hips, obstructing her cunt-opening from view.  They each picked up another
set of belts. 

Lem spoke for them.  "We have been preparing for you, mistress, for two days. 
We thought that your wearing the belts which we had worn before the days of our
bondage might excite you."  Eve violently shook her head, "No."

"Oh yes, these will pleasure you.  We took care to make sure that we could
tighten them around your slender body.  We poked extra holes in them, way beyond
the point where they buckled around us."  They silently strapped three more
belts around her flesh.

"Are you ready to only moan and speak as you are told?" asked Sam.  It would be
the first sign of her submission.  She shook her head, "Yes," and Samuel removed
the bit from between her teeth.  She did moan then and said a soft, "Please,"
into the quiet of the basement.  Her three lovers laughed softly. 

But they were relentless with the belts.  They placed the final three
welt-makers around her, very tightly.  She was almost dressed in their belts. 
Only slim white folds of her flesh oozed out from between the ribbons of
leather.  Simultaneously they bent their mouths to the exposed strips of flesh
on her back, her waist, her butt, her hips, near her apex, and, especially as
folds spilled out from her smooth full breasts.  They licked till the flesh
shown with softly gleaming spittle.  She whimpered as they tasted the flesh they
had eaten only in their minds, for months-on-end.  Lem and Samuel each found
nipples and sucked hard.  Josh laved her ass-crack between the belts.  She
shuddered and screamed, "Enough."  Again her men laughed and Lem quietly said,
"Hardly."

Then they sat cross-legged on the cold floor in their jeans.  They took off each
other's shoes and socks and unbuttoned and removed each other's shirts.  They
gazed up at the bound woman-flesh that they had captured.  They let out whoops
of joy.

"It's story time," said Lem.  "Pay attention, bitch.  This is a story of our
time to come-our time together.  One day we will take you out mistress.  We will
take you to a factory where I worked as a young man.  There are only men working
in this small factory.  We will take you onto the floor and into every office. 
You will wear a collar around your neck, and we will lead you by a chain.  You
will take your coat off when you enter the factory.  Under your coat you will
wear only ropes-thin ropes and fat ropes looped all around you to cover your
nakedness. 

"We will parade you all over the factory.  It will be a great treat for the men.  
They will stare at your nipples hanging out between the ropes.  They will smell
the odor of your sex rising from where the ropes gall you and make you wet.  You
will be totally silent as we introduce you as our bitch-whore and explain that
we are treating them.  We will treat them to you.  But only for mouth-fucks and
blowjobs."

"We will put a chair in the middle of the factory floor, and you will kneel
before it.  Sam & Josh & I will hold you steady with the ropes bound around you. 
We will pull on them once in a while so that you remember who owns your body. 
One-by-one each man will sit in the chair before you.  You will suck each cock
till it comes all over your face."

"Later, for variety, Sam & Josh & I will suspend you and then hold you steady
while men fuck your face and stick their cocks deep inside your mouth.  Only
after each man in the factory has come, will we give you relief.  Then Sam and
Josh and I will take turns fucking your cunt.  You will come three times, or
more-right on the floor of the factory where everyone spits and while everyone
watches.  Then you will lay flat face-down on the floor and thank all the men
and us for so honoring you "

"That's a nice plan," said Sam.  "Let's do it next week." 

Lem got up and took the cat which Eve had often used on the men.  He whipped her
back once, her butt once, her chest once, and stroked once smartly up toward her
cunt.  "That's nothing, your cunt is still protected by Sam's belt.  Just wait
till later.  But say "Yes" to our plan."  He whipped her cunt once more and Eve
sang out, "Yes, yes, yes."

"My turn," said Sam, and he began to tell his version of the future.  "You
always loved those damned nipple claps.  You put them on me often and loved to
see the tears come to my eyes.  We'll see how you like them, clamped to your
rosy tit buttons.  And after I clamp them on the other guys will add the
weights.  Then, I think, we'll have you do a few jumping jacks and touch your
toes a couple of times.  We'll see those weights brush the floor and drag your
tits down with them.  You'll crawl around and around the floor on hands and
knees, dragging those weights, pulling your nipples as you move. You'll beg us
to stop then.  And we will.  We'll let you lay calmly on your back.  And we'll
remind you how you loved those weights on our cocks.  I can still feel the
excruciating tightness around my genitals as you weighted down my full cock when
it wanted to poke out erect.  That hurt like hell, bitch.  And it will be our
turn.  Lem will clamp one pussy lip and Josh will clamp the other.  You
understand, these will be clamps with rings attached.  Then I'll clamp the back
of your cunt-hole.  It will hurt real pretty.  I promise."

"Then we'll put long soft rawhide cords through the rings and around our big
bulging pricks.  The same cords you used to make us come, wasting it in the
fucking air while you watched and smiled.  Every time we move our pricks you'll
feel the pain on your pussy lips.  I'll suck on Lem and Josh in turn and make
their cocks twitch real good, tugging you open and down."

"Then you will obey our command and get to your knees, no matter how it hurts
and pulls.  You will prepare each of our ass holes with your lips and your
tongue and your fingers.  When one of us is ready another will shove his
man-meat into the ready ass hole.  You never let us fuck each other, but now you
will have to watch as we come inside each other's butts.  And all the time the
man-to-man butt-fucking will pull and tear at your pussy.  But you will scream
in delight because we we'll also be taking turns tonguing your clit till it
throbs and comes."

"Look what you have to look forward to, Mistress," laughed Josh.  "This will be
much better than hand's-off.  Someday, we'll even take you to town.  We will put
you in a cage with your butt hanging out.  Then we will each fuck your rear end
as you shove your butt out through the door of the cage, trying to reach our
cocks.  Everyone will laugh when we tell them you are our dominatrix.  And we'll
let every man-jack and she-bitch lick our cum from your butt.  But that's an
extra little notion I have, not my main story for tonight."

"But how are you doing up there?  Ready for more licking?  Say: "Please."

She said it, a small soft, "Please."  They got up and each whipped her once,
then tongued her some more.  She moaned and begged.  "Please take me now." 

"Okay, okay, okay," said Josh.  "I want my story to come true tonight. And
actions speak louder than words, anyway. But I'll give you the title of the
piece.  It's called, 'Triple Penetration.'"

They gathered around her subdued body and removed the belts, tightening each
viciously just before they removed it.  They lifted her now nude form down
gently from the ceiling hook. They brought out a metal bar. Then they untied her
hands that were raw from her first suspension only to bind them to each end of
the bar.  They used the soft familiar penis-thongs to bind her in place. She
still lay flat on her back.  She didn't move.  She held her legs together as if
that could stop the penetration she knew was coming. The hung a stout rope from
the ceiling and used it to hoist the bar with her attached, but only part way,
so that her legs dragged uncomfortably with her hips just off the floor.  "What
now, bastards?  Will you boys actually be able to come inside me?  And make me
come?" 

They laughed.  "Still fighting, bitch?  Good, that will make your fucking
harder."

"Really?" she said.  "I was beginning to think you pricks would never act like
men.  You are making me so juicy and hot I might come before you even touch me."

"Shut up, cunt," said Sam, striking the back of his hand hard across her tit. 
"You'll be needing your voice soon enough for screaming."  He slid his face
under her slightly suspended butt.  Josh and Lem crouched down to watch.  Sam
tongued her crack with long stokes of his big mouth-organ.  Then he poked his
tongue as deep in her ass as he could, moistening it and moistening it.  She
squirmed as if to come off the organ that invaded her, but the others held her
steady.  Sam inserted one, then stuck two, then poked three fingers up her
butt-hole.  She writhed, despite the restraint of many hands.  Sam slid under
her on the floor, moving his mouth further and further away and his cock closer
and closer to her now juicy-clean ass hole.  Then he touched the edge of her
hole with the top of his huge member.  Josh gritted his teeth waiting for Sam's
entry.  "Take it, man" he goaded.  Sam shoved up and Eve was no longer suspended
in air.  Instead her body rode her slave.  He, who had never been able to touch
her before, now filled her ass with his huge pulsing meat.

"Great, Great"  "Fuck her hard."  "You're big and powerful," the other guys
shouted and watched and loved it.

"Hey this ain't just for watchin', remember?  This is for triple P.  Get to it,"
Sam told them breathlessly. 

Lem didn't hesitate. He positioned his big cock at the entrance to his mistress'
pussy.  "I've been waiting forever," he said soberly.  "Open it up for me, man,"
he asked Josh. 

"My pleasure," said Josh, folding apart their woman's pussy lips with his long
slim fingers, responding to the variations in height as Sam still moved her ass
up and down his shaft.

Lem plunged in all the way up to his balls.  Then came out all the way.  "Do you
want it back, mistress?  If you do, beg for it.  And be inventive."

"Please, please," her words spilled out.  "I will do whatever you want.  I will
bind you and hang you and whip you hard."  Her words made Lem lose the last
vestige of gentleness.  He shafted her fiercely and then pulled out altogether. 
She rushed on, "I will let you pee on me."  A faint smile came upon his face. 
"Or I will pee down your throats,"  she said defiantly.  Lem reached out and
pinched the lips of her pussy, hard and painfully.  "No," she screamed. She
rushed on, "I will suck all your friends' dicks. I will strip on stage in front
of all your friends. I will eat food from your asses and lick wine from your
cocks.  Only, please, please, don't let anyone else fuck me. My ass and pussy
are for you three alone.  And I promise I will never come when I swallow anyone
else's dick."

"That's very good, mistress.  I'm very pleased," said Lem.  "Here is your just
reward," he said, plugging her hole  again and again.

"Don't wait Josh, " said Lem.  "Cram it down her throat now."  Josh jumped up
and leaned over grasping the bar to which Eve's wrists were tied.  He plunged
his purpled gorged pole straight down her throat.

"Triple penetration tonight!" he screamed.  "The slaves are the masters now. 
What say you mistress?"  Josh removed his dick long enough to get an answer. 

Lem and Sam were buried up to the hilt in her other holes, but quieted to hear
her submission. "Yes masters, thank you. I am your whore," she said prettily.
"Now keep damn fucking me till we come!"

They did a round robin, the men fucking together by the numbers.  First all
pulled out of her.  "One, in," they chanted.  Sam took her butt.  In and swiftly
out.  "Two in."  Lem speared her cunt deep, but came directly out."  "Three,
in."  Josh gagged her with his meat.  Over and over they repeated the sequence. 

"Stay in, stay in , you whelps.  Don't keep withdrawing!" she screamed.  "We'll
never come."  Then they changed the rhythm.  Still shouting. "In" and "Out," but
all three ramming her together.  Savagely. 

As she screamed her pleasure and pain, Sam came first, gushing fiercely up her
ass.  She looked down and saw the white load lapping onto his perfect tan belly
and thighs, the overflow she couldn't hold up her butt.  Josh looked down and
saw it too.  He shot a fountain down her throat.  She held some inside her
mouth, savoring the taste that was new to her, that she'd only dreamt of before. 

Josh was off her now.  Lem stilled inside her.  He could see the white liquid
that his fellow slave/fellow master had forced into their bitch-bride's mouth. 
She gagged at the thought of what the thick mucous filling her mouth really was. 
It spurted from her mouth onto Lem, her last waiting lover.  He stiffened and
pushed right up their woman's insides, into the place that dripped for him, far
beyond a normal penetration.  She writhed finally, twisting one last time on his
shaft, before they came together, screaming: mistress bitch and master slave
locked together at last.

END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Incalesence


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





