BDSM Library - Julian and Lily




Julian and Lily
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman learns the ways of submission at a special convent school and comes together with the master who sent her there in an orgy of lust and love.
Julian and Lily
by Incalescence, 2000

Lily didn't know why she had to take this special course at the exclusive
school. She had already graduated from a prestigious girls high school just the
month before. But her brother wanted her to take the summer course which, he
assured her, would be a great experience for her. Besides, he promised that he
would visit her frequently through the summer on the remote island where the
school was located.

And she would do anything for her brother. She called him brother, but she had
known Julian for only five years. He was the son of her father's second
wife--her step-mother's son by her first marriage and no blood relative. Still
he took care of her and acted as her guardian after their parents were killed in
a plane crash three years ago. He was only thirty, but very successful in
business.

She was just eighteen, but had been focusing her romantic dreams on him since
she had first met him. In fact, she had held herself very much in check for him.
Not that she had much opportunity to be with boys, so strict was her upbringing.
But she held even her mind in check for him--dreaming only of him. Sometimes she
thought she was foolish. Yet the way he looked at her, spoke to her, and teased
her gave her some basis for her fantasies. Sometimes, particularly in the last
year or so, she caught his intense black eyes boring into her, seeming to assess
her progress toward womanhood.

He was so beautiful to her, with his lithely muscled body, his tall frame, and
his elegant face framed by think straight brown hair. She couldn't help but
dream of him.  And then there was the time when he had kissed her, on her
fifteenth birthday. That kiss, her first and only, had given her cause to dream
of him.

She was a little afraid of herself, because she embraced every small scrap of
information she heard or saw about sex to weave heated fantasies about him. And
yet she feared these would never come true. She wondered if she was a bad woman
at heart, but consoled herself with the thought that she would always be loyal
to him alone.

*****
He watched her intently as she grew, wanting her with a power that amazed him.
He had had many women, but longed for the day that he would make her completely
his own. His own--yes, he planned to own her. He felt he had her love already.
Soon he would have her soul and her body. And he would not be gentle either--she
needed more than that, he knew--her soul needed to submit to him. The waiting
was delectable torture for him. Finally, in the last months before she graduated
from high school, he found that no other woman would do. Instead he preferred to
watch her and come by his own hands dreaming only of her.

He had been sorely tempted to take her child-woman's body when she was fourteen
and fifteen, but he held off--waiting for a day when they could mate more
perfectly. Once he had almost slipped. She had been fifteen and they had danced
in the moonlight on her birthday. He had rubbed against her and she had seemed
to respond, though she said nothing. He had carried her upstairs and had lain
down next the her in her narrow bed--both of them fully clothed. He had kissed
her once then--it was her first kiss. He had plunged his tongue into her mouth
in an unconscionable way. They had both lain there shaken till he had soothed
her to sleep and then left before his willpower collapsed completely.

And now his time was coming. His plans for her were carefully laid. He would
seem to be cruel, even, in order to take her to the heights of bliss they could
attain together.

*****
The island school was beautiful, secluded behind a high wall and centered on a
lovely old abbey. It was run by a small group of nuns, no more than seven, who
still wore full habits which hid their bodies. Even so, Lily thought, they were
an unusually beautiful group of women, walking with loose limbs under their
robes and with shining pretty faces under their wimples. They seemed, even, to
enjoy some male companionship from the small monastery that sat just outside the
walls. The monks came to exchange vegetables with the nuns, who raised only
flowers.

The nuns seemed to have little to do, really. There were only three pupils right
now, including Lily. Each nun had a specialty, however, and might instruct a
pupil individually during the summer. Lily was still unclear just what this
finishing course was about.

During the first week, Lily began an intensive program of physical fitness with
one nun and the other pupils. She enjoyed the exercise and jogging, the swimming
in the huge pool behind the dormitory. She learned also to care for her body.
She admired Sister Margaret's body which was unveiled in a demure swimsuit
before the girls during instruction. Everyone seemed to be laughing and happy at
the school.

Though the rules were very strict. The girls were kept locked, actually locked,
in their rooms after eight at night. The Mother Superior had explained that part
of the course was to develop inner resources. The girls were to meditate and
read. They were to be undistracted by modern entertainments. Lily hoped at first
to indulge her wanton dreams of Julian. But she was surprised to find that one
of the nuns, a different one each night, would share a room with her.  Lily was
afraid to touch herself, lest the holy sister notice. So all she could do was
dream of Julian's upcoming visit on the weekend.

*****
He came, and she lunched with him under the trees on a terrace facing the ocean.
He was staying at the only inn on the island, a small, rather picturesque place
with only three rooms to rent. Julian complimented her on her health and good
looks. "You are quite a woman now, my Lily," he smiled warmly at her and took
her hand briefly. "Let me see." He surveyed her every part. "Your flaming hair
is thick and glorious. Your smooth skin is better than the pale complexion of
most redheads." He thought of her thatch. He craved to see the auburn ringlets
which must hiding beneath her simple dress. He was becoming aroused just talking
to her and being in her presence. "Your waist is small, but your hips flare out
nicely. And you fill out the top of that sun dress beautifully." He grinned
impishly, delighting in his ability to make her blush.

Then he grew still and looked out across the ocean. He seemed to focus on an
inner vision, rather than on the sun-kissed waves. "I remember how small you
were on your fifteenth birthday. That night I carried you up to bed." She was
stunned by his comments on her body and by his reference to that long-remembered
night. He had never spoken of her body or of that night to her. "You are a
beautiful woman and will make some man very happy." She wanted to take his hand
and put it to her breast and tell him she was only for him. She cursed her naive
shyness.

He continued slowly, "During the next week, the instruction at the school will
enter a new phase. Remember, I picked this school myself. In fact, I am a patron
of the school and have seen other girls graduate here. I know the curriculum and
the beliefs that are taught here. If you have any affection for me, Lily, if you
honor me at all as your guardian, listen carefully to what the nuns teach you
and try to believe and behave as they instruct you. I know you have a your own
good mind, but I wish to share the life they teach here with you. I believe it
will help to fulfill you as a woman. Also, if you wish to be with me in the
future, you must learn this way." He spoke seriously yet smiled a small smile at
the end.

"I will try to learn all they can teach me, though I haven't found out much
that's new yet. I do wish to be with you in the future, Julian. I very much want
that. I want to believe as you believe. I haven't formulated any very settled
ideas yet about spiritual matters."

"We will see," he said. It irked her a bit that he thought she would not do this
for him. It seemed simple to her. She had no entrenched philosophy and was
perfectly willing to follow him in his way, whatever it might be.

*****
The next week each of the three pupils spent much private time with Mother
Superior. Mother was a beautiful woman, no older than thirty-five. She was tall
and shapely with shining blue eyes and pale skin. Lily thought she was naturally
a proud woman, yet humbled, perhaps by her vocation.

"A woman is a man's equal in spirit," Mother began. "A woman is meant to take
and give bliss to a man, just as a man is meant to take and give bliss to a
woman." Lily thought that Mother was, of course, speaking of girls, like
herself, and men who would marry--not of nuns or monks or priests.

"It is just that a woman's way of power," continued Mother, "paradoxically, lies
in absolute submission to a man. Sometimes a woman must fight and search to find
her man. At times she might have to reject many men, not submitting to any of
them till she finds the man she is destined for, the man she desires with her
whole being."

"Lily, your guardian believes you have found the man whom you desire. He
believes that it is he. He has brought you here to be prepared for him. If what
this man believes is true, your preparation will continue, if not, you will go
home now. Is it true that your guardian is the man your are destined for, the
man you desire with you whole heart? You must answer truthfully."

Lily was overjoyed, Julian knew of her love and was waiting for her to be ready.
"Oh yes, Mother." Lily answered fervently.

"There is more Lily. In submitting you will have to learn complete obedience.
You will give your body completely to your man."

Lily blushed, but looked up, somewhat boldly. "That is what I want to do with
Julian. I love him Mother."

"Good. But understand--he will be your master. He will have the right to do with
you as he wishes. Even to give you to others, if such be his will."

"Oh, no mother, Julian would not want that."

"He will always have the right to have other women too, Lily."

"Mother, I don't believe Julian is like that."

Mother smiled, she would let her pupil keep her delusions, it would make her
submission more interesting later. "That may be, that may be. Nevertheless we
believe he has these rights."

The nun continued, "And there is even more, my dear. We believe that a woman
must resist her baser instincts at the same time that she gives herself to her
man."

"What do you mean Mother?"

"Do you know what orgasm is Lily?"

Lily hung her head. "Yes, Mother."

"Then you have touched yourself and achieved climax?"

"Yes. But, Mother, I could not help it. I was thinking of Julian and imagining
him touching me."

"Good. Then you will know what it is you are to avoid and the great sacrifice
you are making. It is good to imagine and think of your man. Do it all you want.
But you must never, never, touch yourself. And even when your lover touches you,
as he will in the future, you must try never to come to climax. We believe a
woman will more greatly pleasure a man by this ultimate submission. But you must
not keep pure thoughts either. You must think and dream and obsess about your
master. You must concentrate on his every move on you, when he pleasures you.
You must not place your mind elsewhere, away from him. And you will find that
most men will end up trying purposely to make you come."

"But surely Mother, a man would enjoy that. He would want to satisfy the woman
he loves."

"Yes, of course the man might enjoy your orgasm, but we believe it is a sin, a
sin only for the woman. If you come, your master will be bound to punish you, to
punish and degrade your body that was so shameless."

"Yet he will achieve satisfaction?"

"Yes that is the glory of man. To come inside and all over his woman who remains
ultimately pure of orgasm, no matter how he rams every hole in her body."

Lily could not believe this. Mother's way of speaking shocked her to the core.
And she could not believe this teaching about sin and a woman's sexual release.
Surely this was not what Julian believed. He could not know exactly what the
nuns were teaching the girls here, behind closed doors. He could not know that a
nun would use such dirty language. She shuddered and grew hot and cold in turns.

"Now," said Mother Superior. "You will retire to your room for the next two days
to think of this. A nun will be with you at all times. You are to keep silent.
You will speak of this with your guardian when he comes to visit in three days
time."

*****
This time Julian came for her and took her right up into his room in the inn. He
could see that she was troubled and subdued. They sat looking out the window and
she glanced at the bed. She still felt caressed by his eyes, but no longer felt
the total security she had always felt in his presence.

"Yes, this is inevitable," he said. "You will wonder if I am a monster for a
while. But I am still the Julian who loves you. There, I have said what we both
have known for a long while. And I want you desperately. I could throw you on
the bed and take you right now. You would not protest would you, My Lily?"

"No Julian. Why don't you? Please, please. She knelt before him where he sat,
and this time she did put his hand to her breast. Please love me and fulfill me
too."

"You mean, 'make you come,' do you not?"

"Yes, Julian. Lately I am very close just being near you."

"That should not be, my love. You must follow the way the nuns are teaching you.
He stroked her cheeks and her shoulders. He pushed his long fingers down the
front of her sun dress and had his first touch of her nipple. She pushed
longingly against his hand. "God, God! Woman. Stop this." He stood up abruptly.

She rose from her knees. "I will do as you ask, Julian. I will listen to
anything, but do not expect me to comply. If--when--you make love with me. I
shall come in great, glorious waves of pleasure." She tossed her head defiantly.

He laughed and laughed. "Then I shall have to punish you."

"So be it," she said.

"I do really love you," he said.

"And I you, you stubborn man."

He would not take her now. Though he touched and kissed and talked to her in
ways that weekend that made her wet and ready and aching for him.

*****
The next phase of the training increased in intensity. The pupils were subjected
to all sorts of erotic stimulation--no touching, just looking. Each pupil sat in
a room looking at slides, not too many each day, just enough to fire the
imagination. A silent nun sat nearby making sure that the pupil that the pupil
watched the slides and did not seek release. At first the slides just showed
partially clothed women and men kissing and fondling. There were some truly
beautiful pictures. Lily loved one series of slides that showed a man,
bare-chested in black jeans, kneeling beside a bed. The woman lay there in a
long creamy silken nightgown and the man touched her through the gown, cupping
her breast, then her belly, then her pubic mound. The look on their faces was
that of intense wanting.

The slides progressed to ones of fully naked men and women, shown individually,
each in a seductive pose. Lily's eyes bulged at her fist look at erect male
penises. "Do you think they are beautiful?" asked the sister who sat with her.

"Oh yes, yes!" Lily breathed her answer, not even looking away from the slide of
a dark, powerful male holding his stiff shaft in his hands as it rose from a
tangle of dark hair at his groin. The man's eyes seemed to offer the viewer to
step forward and touch it as he sat there looking straight into the camera, the
faintest of smiles on his face. Lily closed her eyes and imagined her
dark-haired Julian sitting thus before her.

Finally Lily was shown slides of men and women copulating, embracing and
penetrating each other in every possible position. Lily often sweated and wanted
desperately to touch herself while looking at these slides. Sometimes she cursed
Julian for sending her to this school. "Doesn't he know that I would have melted
at his first kiss?" she thought. "I didn't need such stimulation, I've been
ready for your touch for years. Why, why, why didn't you teach me all these
things yourself?" she asked him in her heart. "I should have loved to watch
these slides with you and seen you grow rigid with arousal, with an arousal that
I would satisfy." She would tell him just that when next they spoke.

Toward the end of the week the teacher sitting with Lily began to comment on the
slides. These showed Lily yet another aspect of sexual congress. Sister Ann, a
small sumptuous woman, with beautiful skin, and a faint French accent, made her
comments to Lily in a soft, light voice.

"Look Lily. Here is a woman with coloring like yours. Beautiful red hair and
peachy skin. It's so unusual that you are not pale, but peachy. See her thatch.
Is yours like that? Any man, or woman, would love to lick such a pussy. Your
guardian picked out these slides. No doubt they remind him of you."

Lily was totally embarrassed, both by the comments and by the content of the
slides. They showed a woman in bondage to a man. "Note the woman's position,
Lily. When your master asks you to present yourself, kneel before him as in the
picture. Push your arms back, lean back, and thrust your sex out at him or
whomever he wishes to have you. Ah, here is the next slide. See--her master
places his big cock in her face. He is no doubt excited by her offering herself
so humiliatingly and, of course, by the ropes he has tied around her body. There
are so many tight ropes around her that you can see little of her but her cunt
which she presents to him."

Lily could not believe she was sitting here in this room with a woman who
appeared to be a nun, listening to such commentary. But she could not cease
looking at these slides which she knew Julian had seen. Another series showed a
brunette woman suspended from ropes. A beautiful dark-haired man kissed the
hanging woman and fondled her breasts that were bound around with ropes. Her
whole body was bound with ropes. But unlike the redhead in the other slides,
this woman's breasts were not bound across with ropes. Instead her breasts were
bound in loops of rope near her chest so that her large globes unnaturally
bulged out from her chest. And the suspended woman's legs were spread apart,
revealing one tight rope running up between her legs, disappearing in the folds
down between her legs. Another slide showed the man opening the lips around the
woman's vagina so that the camera could see inside close up where his fingers
intruded and where the rope caught at her tender places.

"She is truly his slave, that one," said Sister Ann. "Your master must like
women bound with ropes. He specifically requested that you see these slides. You
should prepare yourself for being bound. Certainly when you are punished, I
think he will bind you very tightly indeed." Sister Ann laughed lightly. "Oh,
but look at the next slide!"

Lilly could not tear herself away from the picture. It showed the tall dark man
pulling the crotch rope aside and placing his huge cock inside the suspended
woman's vagina. Several slides glowed in the room as Sister Ann shifted
uncomfortably in her chair. Each slide showed clearly a different stage of
penetration of the helpless hanging woman. Lily had never before seen nor even
imagined such sights.

That night she dreamt over and over of Julian hanging her, binding her, entering
her.

*****
Julian did not come to visit that weekend.  He sent a note: "You are too
tempting. Better to wait. I have instructed the sisters that you are progressing
very fast and show great willingness to do my bidding. Dream of me and I will
see you at your graduation three weeks from now. Your graduation will also be a
ceremony linking you and I. Remember, till the ceremony you are still free. I
will ask you then if you wish to be free of me. If you do not, then you will be
my possession. You will give yourself in words and deeds to me at the ceremony,
if that is your will. After that you will live with me as my love and my slave."
He signed it, "Your soul's love who wishes to be your body's lover, Julian."

*****
During the next weeks she read and re-read his note. The nuns also had other
reading matter for her. Lily was made to read erotic stories. Two per day. They
were well-written, long, steamy stories of lust, submission, and sometimes love.
Lily was shocked to hear that the nuns of this house had written these stories.
Each story she read increased in intensity and in the explicitness of
description of the many physical and psychological relationships between men and
women.

She read of a woman meeting a beautiful stranger in the subway. He pulled her to
him in the crowded train. The woman let him talk hot dirty to her and finally
finger her to climax right there in the crowded compartment. Incredibly, the man
was portrayed as very protective of the woman. At the end the woman went off
with the man. The story implied that stranger would take and re-take her many
times in the future, perhaps even again in public.

Toward the end of this phase of Lily's training, she was given a harrowing story
about the gang-rape of a naive seventeen year old girl . The girl was trying to
convert Bushmen in Australia in the nineteenth century. She went alone among the
natives, believing that she was protected by God. The girl stumbled onto an
encampment of young hunters. The story described the girl looking around at the
gathering of young men, their skin gleaming chocolate in the light of their
campfire. The men thought the spirits had sent the strange white woman as a gift
to them, to help them prove their manhood. They raped the girl again and again.
In the end the woman stopped struggling, accepting her fate as God's will. She
began to love the rape and considered it God's gift. The woman climaxed and
climaxed and climaxed as the vigorous young men took their turns at her,
sometimes one in her cunt and one in her mouth at the same time. Finally two men
entered the girl at the same time, one in her cunt and one in her anus. The
girl's orgasm, with two men coming simultaneously inside her, was so big that
she thought she saw the face of God before she fell unconscious to the ground.
The nuns talked with Lily about this story and pointed out how the girl was
wrong to view her release as a gift from God. But since the girl had not yet
found a true master to give her instruction, she could not be expected to know
better. Lily viewed this story with disgust, but had felt the wetness flow
between her legs as she read it to the end.

But the last story she read almost made Lily swoon. It got deeply inside her
head. It was the story of an American woman captured as a slave and sold to a
sadistic Arab prince. He chained her and beat her and even peed in her mouth.
The Arab fucked other slave girls, even violating their virgin anuses. The
American woman had to clean his penis and the fucked women's vaginas and
assholes with her tongue. The Arab stroked and licked, pinched and beat his
newest toy, but never fucked his beautiful new slave. In the story the American
grew obsessed by her handsome master, jealously watching him make other women
scream out as they climaxed under his powerful thrusts. She begged for release
which he would not give. He tongued his slave, and stroked her, but only put his
penis part way down her throat, and did not even come in her mouth. From this
story Lily learned in horror and fascination the many things a man can do with a
woman who is subject to his will.

Finally, the American slave girl could stand it no longer. She took several of
the leather thongs which her captor used to bind his women. The American bound
the thongs round her waist, her hips, her thighs, her belly, her breasts. She
even tied a thong between her feet, hobbling herself so that she had to walk
with small mincing steps. Thus prepared, the American slave went in search of
her master. The palace guards assumed that any woman thus garbed was sent for
and guided her to the prince's chamber. She arrived at his bed where he slept
very soundly. She crept up on his bed and tied a thong around each of her
wrists. She stretched way up to loop this thong over a hook not far from the
foot of her master's bed. Then she jumped off the bed. She hung suspended from
the hook. Hanging there she called her master from his sleep. "Master, please,
wake up. Wake up. Take me. Fuck me, please." The young Arab awoke and was amazed
to see her submissively hanging there for him. She had always been so resistant.
"Please whip me, master." He was fully awake now and sprang from the bed. He
crossed the room in three powerful strides and snatched up his cat to fulfill
her wish.

"Your wish is my command," he laughed. She surrendered so beautifully to his
ministrations.

"Please, My Lord, tie up one of my legs so that you can whip my cunt." He untied
her hobbled ankles and elevated her leg, stretching it painfully as he lashed it
to his bedpost. Her cunt was terribly exposed there at the level of his face. He
smelled it long and deeply. Then suddenly he hauled back and whipped it smartly,
three times with increasing force. She cried out in true pain. He untied her,
briefly sliding her shaking bound body down along his naked form. Then he hung
her up again, but this time a little lower. He called two of his guards to hold
her and to witness her pleasure in submitting to his power. He rammed his cock
up inside her tight pussy making her scream with delight. He literally ran up
against her again and again as the guards held her in place, legs wide spread.
She screamed and came in wave after wave as he finally gushed up her insides.
The last scene of the story was of the woman still hanging there, spent and in
pain, as the Arab crawled back into his silken bed.

She wondered then if Julian would beat her too and shivered. Still, she would do
whatever he required. But she would come, over and over and over with him. And
she would beg him to keep her for himself alone. She thought it strange that all
of the stories she was made to read ended with the woman "sinning," that is,
coming to climax. She finally asked a Sister about that. The nun laughed and
said such stories were more stimulating. Lily agreed.

Lily dreamed that night of Julian using her as the Arab in the story had used
his woman. She would come, if necessary, to Julian, bound like that woman in the
story. Julian inflamed her like that.

*****
The weekend before graduation Julian phoned. He asked her about the stories she
had read. She did not tell him the story of the Arab prince and his slave. He
laughed as she stammered out some of the stories. He made her go into greater
detail than she wanted to. The he asked to describe the slides she liked best.
She would only say, "The ones with ropes, Julian. You know what they look like.
Sister Ann said you picked them out yourself."

"Do you like the idea of ropes binding you Lily?" She did not answer him.
"Answer me," he commanded.

"Yes, damn you, Julian. I am imagining myself right now bound thus before you.
Will you put your lips on the parts of my body between the ropes and lick me,
Julian?"

"You little bitch. You are learning very fast. Yes, I will lick and bite you as
your beautiful flesh hangs before me, pouring out of the tight bindings that I
will cinch around you. Ahhh, thank god it is only one more week."

"Julian, I don't understand this. Or maybe you don't understand. I don't need
all this to be ready for you. I have been dreaming of you ever since I first saw
you. Couldn't you teach me all there is to know about a man and woman together?
This has been difficult, seeing all this and thinking constantly about making
love with you. Sometimes I'm very angry with you. I would like to have you here
seeing these slides with me. I don't think you would stay composed for very
long. I should love to see you grow hot and hungry with wanting, as I have done.
And then I would satisfy your hunger."

"Ah, Lily, I had no idea. I did not think I could restrain myself while you
discovered your womanly longings."

"There would have been no need for restraint, damn you."

Julian sighed, "Perhaps it would have been better had I taught you myself. But
is this not a very enticing way to build desire? Now you have come to a fever
pitch with wanting and needing me, is that not so?" He did not wait for her
answer. "We are almost there, my darling, almost at the point where I will
plunge inside you." Neither lover could speak, but they heard each other breathe
deeply over the line.

Julian continued, "And I have a surprise. I will be present this week at some of
your training. I will be there to tantalize you. To tantalize us both. I will
see you on Wednesday."

*****
She was allowed no erotic stimulation on Saturday, Sunday, or Monday. She kept
to her room where she studied languages and read non-fiction books. She was
allowed to walk and exercise in the garden.

On Monday night and Tuesday she was allowed to write down some of her own
fantasies. These, she was told, would be given to Julian upon his arrival on
Tuesday night. Her fantasies were hot descriptions of she and Julian making
love. She used scenes from the stories she had read, altering them to make
Julian and herself the characters. She worked in an erotic fever all day.
Always, defiantly, she described herself as coming and coming under his hands,
and mouth and cock, coming along with Julian in a wave of ecstasy. She hoped
Julian would burn very hot for her, reading what she had written.

*****
Wednesday came, and there he was, tall and impeccably groomed, staring at her.
His eyes appeared even darker than usual, set among new shadows on his face. He
looked as if he had not been sleeping well. He asked the nuns if he might have a
few minutes alone with her. Lily asked him about his sleepless look. "No, I have
not been sleeping well," he ground out, "nor shall I till I have had my release
with you. Your stories kept me up most of last night. God, you are a hot little
virgin, aren't you? But now I must have a preview or I will go crazy." He held
her shoulders and seemed to float down the front of her body till he was on his
knees before her. She was wearing only a thin, long, soft, white cotton shift
with a high neck line. The material barely masked the color of her nipples and
her autumn-colored thatch. He buried his head in the place where her legs came
together. He wet her dress at the crotch, licking the fabric up into her slit.
He wet it thoroughly with his mouth. She leaned against him, trying to pull up
the material, swooning a bit, imagining his mouth on her without the fabric. She
hugged his dark head to her. He tipped his head up to stare at her adoringly.

Then he rose and forced her down on her knees before him. "I want mine to be the
first cock you see in the flesh. See now how it strains for you?" She looked at
the bulge visible under his pants. He unbuckled and unzipped his trousers. His
beautiful rod sprang straight toward her face. She took him by complete
surprise, snaking out her pink tongue and flicking it lightly across the head of
his penis--once, twice, three times. "Enough," he growled. "Remember, hold
yourself in check for me as I will for you." She almost cried as he forced his
cock back inside his pants and pulled her to her feet.

"I will wait for you my love," she said as he rose and led her out to the common
room where many of the nuns and monks were gathered. She blushed as they looked
at her, the wet spot on her shift plain for all to see. She sat on a chair next
to Julian and he took her hand. They sat before a fairly large marble platform.
The platform was just as high as a man's crotch, thought Lily. She blushed. "But
it's no wonder that my mind runs in such a direction," she thought.

Sister Ann was led through a door by a group of three monks. The monks wore
their usual robes, but Sister Ann was completely naked.  "My dear god," Lily
could not help speaking out. She looked at Julian. "They are all debauched women
and men. That's what this place is, a house of pleasure." The others heard her
outburst and laughed.

"The better to teach you, my dear," her love replied and held her hand against
his thigh.
  
Sister Ann stopped before Lily and Julian and bowed, her breasts swinging. "I am
pleased to do this for you Lily. To show you how a woman should submit and be
used by her master. Brother John here is my master." Ann smiled at the tall,
young, blonde monk who helped to lead her in.  Four of the other nuns in the
room lifted Sister Ann to the platform and laid her down. They took
out oil and began to massage Ann all over. The Sisters removed their habits and
ran their breasts all over Sister Ann.

They touched Ann everywhere as Brother John directed them. "Do her tits. Push
them, pull them." John kneeled on the platform close to the five naked women.
"Now her belly, her thighs. Yes, yes! Up inside her thighs." Sister Ann squirmed
and arched under their massage. John leaned over to push down firmly on her
pubis with the flat of his hand. "Now her insides." Two monks stepped forward to
lift Sister Ann's legs wide. Brother John moved on his knees between her legs up
on the platform. He lifted her hips from the surface. The ministering sisters
reached around John to lave Ann's butt crack and labia with the warm oil.

Brother John got down from the platform and threw off his robes. Lily saw his
enormous erection. She understood now why Julian had displayed his manhood to
her earlier. She would always remember her first in-person sight of a ready
penis, and it would be Julian's, thank god. Still, she stared in fascination as
John pulled Ann down the platform by her arms till her head tipped over the
side. He stood near her head and stretched to finger her cunt till she moaned.
Then he shoved his cock straight down Sister Ann's throat and began pumping. He
pumped till Lily thought she herself would scream. Lily placed Julian's hand
over her dress, down between her legs and writhed as she watched. Julian's hand
trembled with the desire to stroke Lily, but he would only allow the contact for
a little while. Finally Brother John came down Sister Ann's throat. But he
removed his member before the last gush and spent himself on the sister's face
and chest.

"Did you want me inside your cunt, Sister?" John demanded.

"Yes, my master," answered Ann.

"Tell me how your cunt feels," John commanded.

"It screams out for you, for release! Please, please, let me sin." Sister Ann
tried to finger herself and to push her legs together, but the monks standing by
grabbed her and tied her spread-eagled to the platform. Lily now understood why
the platform had rings all along its sides.

"Cool down now, slave." Brother John took a bucket of cold water and poured it
all over Sister Ann. "You not sin today. Perhaps at Lily's graduation." He
looked at Lily intensely, making her cringe away toward Julian. "Lay there, Ann,
and dream of me."

Everyone except the frustrated nun now left the room. Julian and Sister Margaret
walked with Lily to her room. Julian kissed her hard before she went inside with
Margaret.

*****
On Thursday, after lunch, they went outside into the courtyard next to a large
tree with low hanging sturdy branches. Two monks, wearing only their rope belts
dangling down around their manhood led Sister Margaret out. She wore a heavy
cloak, but as she walked the assembly--all the sisters and monks, as well as the
other two pupils and men who must be their guardians--could get glimpses of her
nakedness under the swinging cloak. Lily had been told that the other pupils had
already graduated and were staying with their masters to enjoy the hospitality
of the congregation. No one was nude except the two monks. Suddenly the monks
tore the cloak from Sister Margaret, and she too, was naked under the sun.

The other pupils had on filmy shifts which showed that they wore leather
underwear beneath, just like Lily had been made to wear. These pupils kneeled.
Julian lounged in a chair right under the overhanging branch of the large tree.
Now he made Lily kneel too, close between his thighs which supported her under
her arms. Julian frequently shifted and touched Lily's hair and neck, showing
how much he enjoyed having her there between his legs as they watched the
spectacle of Sister Margaret's submission.

One monk lifted Margaret up by the hips. The other bound one of her wrists to
the tree branch. Then he came around to bind her other hand farther down the
branch so that Margaret's feet could not touch the ground. The beautiful blonde
woman hung there, swinging, and began to speak. Again, Lily was specially
addressed. "Lily, I am lucky enough to have these two masters. They have other
slaves out in the world, but they are my true masters and keep me in this House
for their use. I am honored to show you more of the proper submission of female
to male. Look at my breasts. My masters pierced my nipples, Lily. One pierced
one nipple and the other pierced the second. They placed these rings in my
nipples to give me pleasure and to punish me should I transgress." Lily stared
at Margaret's puckered pink nipples and the rings hanging from them. Lily had
never known such things could be done to a woman's body. The master monks who
controlled Margaret stepped forward. The monks pulled out two long thin heavy
chains. One monk looped a chain through Sister's right nipple ring and fastened
it shut with a little clasp. The chain hung down heavily from Margaret's firm
breast. The other monk graced her left nipple with a similar chain.

Julian caressed Lily's neck as she looked at the exposed and degraded woman and
then up into his face. He smiled and she shuddered a bit.

"What do you think the rings and chains are for, Lily?" asked Mother Superior
who stood nearby.

"Answer, Lily," commanded Julian.

"To pull on her."

"Why pull on her?" asked Julian.

"For pleasure and pain," answered Lily.

Margaret groaned and swayed as her masters took up the chains and yanked in
short sharp motions out and down from her nipples. The others around Julian and
Lily gasped, but some of the men threw out comments, egging on the monks.
Finally the masters stopped tugging and took Sister Margaret down from the tree.
They placed her directly in front of Lily.

Margaret stood close to Lily who kneeled there between Julian's thighs. Margaret
removed her hands which had been hiding her blonde pussy. She put her hands down
and opened the lips of her pussy. Lily gasped and shook when she saw a ring
hanging down from the sister's inner lip. One of Margaret's monks reached inside
her and looped a chain through the labial ring. Now one of her masters pulled
steadily on her nipples while the other pulled on her cunt. They laughed as
Margaret whimpered. 

"Did you ever imagine such a thing, my sweet Lily?" Julian asked.

"No Julian."

"Imagine it is you, my love," he said, reaching around to fondle Lily's breasts
gently.

Still holding the chains, the monks forced Margaret to the floor on hands and
knees. The monks displayed their now full erections for all the assembly to see.
They walked around and around Margaret holding the chains and tugging on them
from time to time. "Do you want to come dear Sister?" asked one of the monks.
"Do you want everyone to see you sin by shivering beneath your masters?"

"Yes you bastards! You have been taunting me for days."

Lily was surprised to hear Margaret's less than submissive response.

"This one still needs more training," said Mother Superior.

"I like it," Julian whispered in Lily's ear. "You must call me foul names, as I
administer pleasure and pain to you, Lily. As long as your body obeys, I will
reward you mouth for speaking out."

Lily blanched. Julian had never specifically mentioned giving her pain before.
But watching Margaret's growing excitement she imagined Julian doing thus to
her. And then she remembered Julian and the ropes. Yes, she would submit in
delight to Julian's ropes.

"It is true, dear ladies and gentlemen," said one of Margaret's tormentors.
"Every time we have seen Margaret for the past week--and we made sure we saw her
several times a day--we have either licked her cunt or her ass or stuck some
fingers in her. But only for a minute or two at a time. Now she wants it badly."

"But first she must give Lily her catechism," said the other Brother. "Margaret,
speak to Lily."

"Lily," Margaret managed to speak between pants. "Before my lovers take me you
must answer correctly for all to hear. If you do not answer correctly, they will
not touch me again till Saturday. Please, please, answer," Sister begged Lily.
"Can you tell all assembled here two different ways that two masters may take
pleasure in one slave at the same time, may fully take pleasure in her at the
very same time?"

"Must I speak? Please, no," Lily turned her eyes to Julian.

"Speak Lily." Julian held Lily's shoulders. "And be graphic."

Lily became defiant. She would show him. She would inflame him with her sluttish
words. "One master would ram his rod down his love's cunt while the other fucks
her face. That is one way."

"Good, good, don't stop," begged Sister Margaret. The monks were beginning to
lick Margaret's bare body.

"And, and one could stick his prick in her cunt while the other shafts her
asshole." Lily spat it out and hung her head.

"I will punish you for such words," Julian whispered in Lily's ear.

"Yes, God, yes," cried the beleaguered Margaret. "Thank you Sister Cunt. May
your master make you scream."

One of the monks stepped to Margaret's mouth and began to shove in his cock,
just part way. The other monk began to push his cock into Margaret's dripping
cunt. She writhed in anticipation there on the floor. "But not quite yet," said
the latter monk. "This Cunt deserves a taste of heaven first." He slid his head
under Margaret's parted legs and Mother handed him a cushion to raise up his
mouth. He pulled on the sister's pussy ring unmercifully till she went down on
his mouth. "Watch me eat her, little Lily." Lily watched his tongue mercilessly
scour and chew the pink folds till Margaret writhed in pleasure. He stopped and
said "Just a little bit of heaven."

Meanwhile the other Brother was pouring his cum in great spasms down Margaret's
throat. Her second master slid out from under Sister Margaret's pussy and
grabbed her hips from the rear. He pushed his shaft briefly in her cunt slit
that puckered there before him. She screamed out her intense pleasure. He
reached out and massaged her clit. But very quickly he pulled out his cock and
walked with it proudly up to Lily. It was very close to her, dripping wetness
from Margaret's inner places. "But we all know coming is a sin for a woman." He
turned back to Margaret and addressed her. "So that is all you will get today,
Margaret. Crawl to me instead and eat me till I find release."

Sister Margaret began to cry in frustration and mutter oaths, but she crawled up
to her master, chains still swinging from her breasts, and hanging out from
between her pussy lips. The nun took him full in her mouth, licking and stroking
his shaft till he pulled out and came for all to see all over Margaret and the
flagstones covering the ground. "Lick it up, dear," he commanded. Margaret did
it as Lily hid her face in Julian's crotch and breathed hard. Lily could feel
and smell Julian's aroused sex.

"That is the way a man prevents his woman from being punished," said Julian.

"Please Julian, I beg you, do not tease me thus. If you really love me you will
bring me release too."

"You almost convince me," Julian whispered the last in her ear and looked deep
into her pleading eyes.

*****
The next day was Friday.  Nothing happened till late in the evening when Lily
was led into a room where she was actually allowed to be alone with Julian.
"Tomorrow shall be your graduation and our coupling ceremony. I could wait no
longer for you. I will complete your training myself. What say you? Are you
reconciled to your fate?"

"Yes Julian."

"This is your last chance to change your mind."

"No Julian. I will do anything for you."

"Tell me what you most desire, Lily."

She told him then the story of the American slave and her Arab captor. Lily
could not look into Julian's dark eyes. She told the story in a low voice, in
graphic detail, hoping that he would take her right then and there. She told
Julian that she wanted to hang before him in leather and be fucked by him. "I
want to come because you are jamming your rigid penis up into me."

"And so you will." He caught her with his velvet eyes. "You pick a very exciting
story, Lily. It is one of complete submission. I am proud of you." He kissed her
hard and then continued. "Tonight is our vigil. You have not climaxed for the
past few months, have you Lily?"

Lily blushed and looked anywhere but in his eyes. "No, I swear, dear brother,
though I am dripping wet and waiting for you."

"You have learned some very dirty talk Lily. I will have to wash out your
mouth." He did so, holding her chin as he scoured out her tender inner mouth
with his delving tongue.

"Tonight you shall suffer further anticipation."

He took her to an old farmhouse nearby. He took her immediately to the basement
and told her to strip. This was the first time she had been naked before him.
She stood unsurely on the cool cement floor watching him devour her with his
shining eyes. He was still completely clothed.
"God, woman, you are colored like a ripe peach which I would like to bite and
eat." Her eyes grew enormous as he tied her wrists together and hung her from a
hook in the ceiling. He tied nine belts around her body--cinching her waist, her
hips, her breasts. "These are my belts," he said. "Last winter I prepared them
for you. I thought of you and came as I pulled them over and over again against
my penis. I put new holes in them so that they would tighten around your
slimness."

"Julian, thank you!" She was sincerely grateful for these images he painted and
for the intense feelings he shared with her. "Tell me, tell me, tell me! You
make me shiver in delight. I can picture your powerful legs and cock stroked by
the belts. I can see you thinking of me and spurting cum all over yourself."

"You have a beautifully dirty mouth, Lily. I will put it to suitably dirty uses,
I promise you."

"Yes, Master."

"What did you say?"

"I said, yes, my Master."

"Thank you, slut, for calling me that. This is much more than I had hoped for,
Lily. You are the only woman who has ever called me that without being commanded
to do so."

"I say it because it is true."

Julian paused then in his planned torments and kissed her passionately on the
mouth, many, many times. "But you distract me from my purpose here," he said.
The belts were not hurting Lily, but they caused an exciting tension to build in
her. Suddenly, Julian bent to her hanging form and for the first time in her
life, she felt a mans lips and tongue on her body. Julian licked every inch of
her skin, all that flowed out from between his belts.

"Do you need to come?" he asked.

"Yes, yes, you bastard. You God, damn cunt-fucker. I need it now." She called
him names as he had requested.

"You remembered." His voice seemed to glow as he found a nipple and sucked hard
on it.

He took her down then and grabbed her up in his arms and walked toward the old
wooden stairs. They were the kind with no risers, just openings under the
horizontal slats. She thought he was going to carry her upstairs. But he stopped
about ten steps up and set her on the stairs. He made her sit with her back to
the room and her legs dangling through the open stairs. He came around under the
stairs to her legs. He tied her legs and hips securely so she could not fall.
Then he came back around and made her lay with her body and head down across the
lower steps.

"This is terribly uncomfortable," she said.

"All the better," he answered.

"Yes, my love." She would do anything for him.

He tied her down below too, stretching her down the stairs. He took off his
clothes and she saw his enormous erection. He crawled up toward her exposed
cunt, one knee on each side of her unmoving body, lashed there to the steps. She
could not believe it. He was going to suck her. His tongue came straight onto
her clitoris. She almost fainted from delight at this new sensation. He tongued
her long and cleverly, always moving, moving against her hitherto untouched
folds. She strained her head up to see. It was her first sight of Julian's
beautiful tight ass. Her juices gushed and she buckled on the brink of orgasm.
She almost came then, thinking of how it was not allowed and of how he would
punish her somehow if she came. But he knew just how far she was into her
excitement and stopped. "Not tonight, sweet cunt." He slid down till his cock
was at her mouth.

"Will you accept my cock?" he asked.

"God, yes, yes Julian. If I can not find release, at least let me release you!"

"Then beg me Lily," his voice was wry, but he was determined to make her
pleasure mount this way.

"Please, please, my master, let me feel your ram-rod in my mouth. I have dreamed
of tasting you. Please fuck my face." His shaft was long and fairly broad,
engorged to it's fullest as he contemplated touching this virgin mouth he had
waited for years. Her eyes widened as his tool loomed up before her. He pushed
fully inside her mouth once and ground his hips in a circular motion and then
pulled out altogether. She waited for him to penetrate this hole of hers again,
the one hole which he might have scoured tonight without, perhaps, climaxing
her. She was amazed to feel him move quickly off her and then to hear water
running across the room. She could just see his magnificent body standing there
under an open shower as the water cooled him down.

She wailed. "Don't stop. Oh god, you teasing scum-sucker."

He laughed. "If I'm a scum-sucker, then you must be the scum, my dear." He
returned wet and naked to untie her. He had not succeeded in completely subduing
his erection. Once free she screamed at him and tried to crawl toward his groin.
He held her firmly away from him. "No--No. Tomorrow. Tonight we sleep." Now he
did carry her upstairs. He tenderly removed the belts and laid her naked in the
bed. He lay against her back and wrapped her heated flesh in his wet body.
Incredibly they slept.

*****
When she awoke in the old farm house, he was gone. Several Sisters woke her,
bringing a beautiful white wedding gown and a frothy wedding veil for the
ceremony. Lily sighed thinking of their vigil last night, but became excited as
she donned the dress, imagining Julian removing it from her today and finally
consummating their union.

The nuns brought her to the front of the school's ancient abbey church. They
left her standing there as two monks arrived. Lily became afraid as the two
large men produced a harness contraption which they strapped around her breasts.
They had two long leather leads which they attached to the sides of the harness,
right at her armpits. "We will give you away to your master," they said. "Take
off your shoes." One opened the door and she stepped in. The two monks led her
in harness up the aisle.

She carried her lovely bouquet and cried a little, thinking of her girlhood
ideas of weddings. Thinking of her beautiful white satin shoes abandoned at the
church door. The monks pulled her roughly from time to time, making her stumble
along the way.

Gathered in the abbey were all the nuns and monks along with the other two
pupils and their guardians. The place had no pews, but was open in the style of
medieval churches. She saw Julian standing barefoot by the altar wearing only
tightly fitting black jeans riding low on his hips, so low his beautiful navel
could be seen below his dark chest hair and brown nipples. He was so beautiful
to her. He smiled at her as if she were there to be his true bride. She came
close to him and he whispered to her, "After this day you will be my true wife
and more."

Lily was shocked as two monks came out followed by a man, the priest. The Father
wore a beautifully embroidered silk vestment over his shoulders, open to reveal
a leather strap tied round his waist and widening out between his legs to cover
his balls and penis. Julian took up her hands and stroked them, laughing softly.
"He is a real priest, my dear, and this marriage is completely binding."

Their vows began.

"Do you take this slut, Lily, as your lawfully wedded wife and whore?"

"I do," said Julian.

"Will you keep her in sickness and in health and keep her panting for orgasm?"

"I will," Julian responded.

"Do you promise to fuck her whenever and wherever you want to?"

"I most certainly do," Julian answered and the congregation cheered.

"Do you solemnly promise that you will punish this woman for sinning should she
have orgasm?"

"I do so solemnly promise." Julian frowned a bit at Lily as he said this,
remembering her defiant words: "If--when--you make love with me," she had said,
"I shall come in great, glorious waves of pleasure."

The priest continued, "Will you love her and cherish her and pass her around to
whomever you want as long as you both shall live?"

"I will," said Julian.

Julian grinned as Lily's eyes got wide at the mention of passing her around.

The priest turned to her. "And you, Lily bitch, do you take this man as your
lawfully wedded husband and absolute master?"

Lily hesitated only slightly, wondering whether they would let her say no. But
she looked in Julian's eyes and could only answer, "I do."

"Will you obey him in all things and offer him all your holes for fucking
whenever and wherever he pleases to fill them?"

"I will, I will." The congregation laughed at her enthusiastic response.

"Will you submit to be punished by your master when and how he sees fit if you
come under his hands or mouth or penis?"

"Oh yes, oh yes." Lily was excited now by what was to come. The nuns and monks
cheered.

"Will you try always to be a holy woman, to avoid climax, and to stay
unsatisfied so that you constantly crave your master?" The priest asked.

Lily did not know what would happen. She did not want to refuse Julian. But she
would not lie. Even these profane vows made with Julian became sacred to her. "I
will not," she said. Julian laughed.

"Well, that is not absolutely required as long as your man punishes you," said
the priest. Lily let out a relieved sigh. Julian stepped up to Lily and removed
the harness which she had worn during the vows. Two sisters stepped forward and
handed Julian a scissors. He came toward Lily's bosom. She remained standing
there, trusting him to do her no harm. Julian threw the veil back behind her
shoulders. Then he took the scissors and cut large holes in her lovely dress so
that her breasts spilled out. Next Julian roughly stripped her of her skirt
which was a separate piece from the bodice of her dress. She stood before
everyone in her white stockings and garter belt. Her auburn virgin pussy was
open for all to see since she had been given no panties to wear. Julian would
not let her pull her hands away from his to cover herself from the view of the
leering priest. The cool air wafted over Lily's beautiful rounded ass cheeks,
now visible to the congregation.

The Father took Lily and Julian by the hand and led them toward the altar. He
elevated the host and the wine and consecrated them. "It's time for communion."
Julian said softly. The congregation gathered as close as possible around the
enormous altar. Julian took the chalice and brought it toward each of Lily's
breasts in turn. She bent to wet her breasts with the wine. Lily swayed on her
feet before him and he drank the sacred juice from her tits. Julian lifted Lily
to the altar and spread her legs wide. He inserted a host deep inside her
vagina. She shuddered at the foreign touch of her lover's firm fingers. He bent
his head and ran his tongue up inside her seeking the host. He found it and
brought it into his mouth. "Your juices make it more holy to me," he said. He
lifted her down from the altar. "Now your turn."

She shuddered to imagine how she would be taking communion from his body. Julian
took off his jeans and the congregation cheered as his penis sprang up from his
groin. Julian made Lily hold the chalice while he swirled his cock around in the
wine. "Drink this life-giving wine, my love." He forced Lily to her knees and
she gladly licked and sucked all the wine from his waving dick.

Julian leaned over on the altar with his back to Lily. Lily had never seen his
naked body from just this angle and she came closer of her own accord. "That's
it, my dear bitch. Take a host and put it way up my ass. Do this in remembrance
of me."

"Yes my Lord." Lily pushed the round host up his butt. It broke in two. She
hoped that she was not hurting Julian.

"Push it in a bit father, Lily." He said it, breathing hard. "No one has touched
me there for well over a year. I have waited for you. Now!" Lily had never heard
Julian shout before. He did now. "Now Lily! Eat it! Lick it and eat it!" The
others gathered close as Lily bent her tongue and mouth to Julian's ass as he
lay sprawled on the edge of the altar. She smelled his odor strongly and thought
she might come right there on her own without further touching. Lily's shear
white veil floated around Julian's buttocks as she bent and licked and took the
host in her mouth, letting it dissolve there as she kept on tonguing him. The
priest had to pull her off Julian's ass.  Julian rose up and took her hand and
led her down in front of the priest again for the end of the ceremony.

A monk stepped forward with a beautiful gold finger ring. "Repeat after me,"
said the Father. "With this ring, I thee wed."

Julian slipped the ring on her finger. "With this ring, I thee wed."

The priest continued. "With my body, I thee worship and degrade."

Julian looked deep into Lily's wide, doe-like eyes. "With my body, I thee
worship and degrade."

"Now by the power of God and of lust, I join you irrevocably to this man," said
the priest.

He turned to Julian. "You may now fuck your virgin bride." The congregation
cheered and Julian grabbed her and kissed her deeply.

Lily was so excited that she hoped Julian would want to take her right there on
the floor. Just seeing him this morning had put her right back to the state of
excitement she had felt last night on the stairs. Now, after the ceremony, she
was past caring if the whole world looked on. She had wanted to finger his ass,
something she had never before imagined. She hoped that before the day was over
he would allow her that pleasure.

But Julian did not throw her to the floor and commence fucking. Instead he
fastened one of his belts, one of the belts from last night, around her hips. He
tuned her away from him and looped another belt around the first, feeding this
second belt through its own buckle just at the top of her butt crack. Julian
passed this second wide leather belt between Lily's legs. Now Julian turned her
back to face him, holding the second belt up from her pussy, but not pulling it
tight. He snapped a large metal hook on the front buckle of the first belt,
right at her belly button. Julian ran the second belt up from her pubis through
this hook and pulled it just to her body. He dropped the end of the second belt
and let it lay along her belly. Lily saw that the second belt ended not in a
leather point as normal, but with a stout metal loop. Julian lifted the end
again and attached a third belt to her through this loop, again threading the
new belt back through it's own buckle. Now her front "tail" was much longer and
pooled down on the floor. Julian quickly tied her ankles and wrists with rope.
He then laid her on the cold stone floor of the aisle on her back and tugged at
the free end of the third belt. His tugging tightened the belt between her legs.
Lily moaned liking the sensation, but wishing it was Julian's flesh pushing on
her instead.

"Julian, my love, I would rather have you pushing down between my legs." She
didn't care who heard her know.

The men whistled and cheered. "She's really horny for you Julian."

"Are you really horny for me, Lily?" he asked, tugging harder on the straps.

"Oh god, yes, please take me now, Julian."

He laughed and tugged till her body began to slide down the aisle. "Lily, I'm
afraid this is the custom here. A groom must drag his bride before the
congregation, to show her utter submission."

He pulled her down to the end of the aisle. She whimpered as he drug her, but
soon learned to put her hip to the stone and raise the rest of her body to make
the friction less. At the end of the ordeal he bent to kiss and fondle her
slightly bruised body, loosening the strap between her legs.

She wished to do him honor before the assembly which had followed them down the
length of the nave, yelling and hooting. "You are glorious, my husband." she
said it loudly. This inflamed him beyond belief, to know she was so completely
his possession. Instead of dragging her again back up the aisle as expected,
Julian stripped her of the belts there where she lay on the floor. He ripped off
her bodice, the stockings, the garter belt. Julian left her wearing only her
long shear veil. Then he lifted her and carried her to the huge marble altar.

He climbed up beside her on the altar, astride her. Her eyes were riveted to his
engorged cock.

"Tell them all, Lily. Tell them what you drove me crazy with last night at
vigil. Tell them about the way you want me to fuck you some day."

"No Julian. That was just for us."

"Obey me, my slut." Julian actually slapped her breast.

"Yes my lord." She began in a steady voice, looking just into his eyes. "I want
to hang by my wrists and be bound all in leather thongs. I want to be hanging
just at the right level to accept my master's fullest penetration. I want to be
suspended, tied so that my body will not sway. I want you, my brother, my
master, to force your cock inside and run your shaft up into me again and again.
I want to come, impaled on your cock and then to be punished for coming."

"Good," he said. "Lily, my slave, my wife, my love, we will now rut in front of
God and this congregation. Virgin, you will feel the pain and pleasure, I
promise you. I want you to come too, so that I can punish you later." Without
waiting or touching her in any other way at all, Julian shoved his enormous
stiff cock down into her dripping tight pussy. Lily screamed and writhed as he
broke through her maidenhead. He stretched her almost to breaking with his
gorged member. Then he pulled all the way out. He showed her his cock, red with
her maiden blood. Then he stood up and pulled Lily to her feet, high up there
above everyone on the altar. He stood on strong legs and picked her up and
positioned her on his shaft. He impaled her and walked around the large altar
with her hanging down from where they met at the center, her veil pouring down
around the altar. He bent his legs to drape her head and shoulders onto the
altar and kneeled down without loosing contact with her cunt. He filled her
forcefully and pumped her, feeling the magnificent tight walls of her virgin
pussy. He sweated trying to hold on till she met him in ecstasy. She screamed
and shouted, "I'm coming, Julian!"

"You better be, slut." Waves rolled over them both as he gushed his living
liquid into her. "Yes," he said for all to hear. "I saw. She came. I conquered.
Now she must be punished."

The congregation cheered and the others went away to begin preparing the rutting
feast. Lily rose up from the slab and Julian wrapped her tenderly in an
enveloping cloak. He carefully removed her beautiful veil. "We will keep this,
Lily." He kissed her face all over and sat there on the altar crossed-legged
with her on his lap. When the meal was ready he put on his jeans and led Lily to
the trestle table which was now laden with food. He fed her with his own hands
which he insisted she lick clean. She did the like for him. She actually smiled
and smiled at him. She spoke for the first time since their coupling, whispering
in his ear, "I feel your life juices inside me and running down my legs."

Julian was shocked and delighted by this innocent slut he had taken to wife. He
grinned and whispered in return, "Just wait, my bride, your punishment will soon
come."

The monks and nuns cleared the table and removed it. All the women other than
Lily left. Lily was shattered from her good feelings when Julian passed her from
his lap to the lap of another man. She struggled, struck out, and got away. "You
must learn to share yourself Lily. It is my will." Julian took her back onto his
own lap and fondled her breasts under the cloak.

Suddenly, the door to the church opened and the nuns came forward in a pagan
procession. All still wore their wimples and veils covering their heads and
shoulders. But below they wore chains,  belts, ropes, or leather thongs
entwining their bodies. Each nun was attached to the proceeding sister by a rope
tied around their vaginal rings. The ropes pulled and tugged at the nuns as they
walked up the aisle of the abbey. Julian, as groom, was allowed to tongue each
of the nun's vaginas as they passed him where he sat at ease. Lily was forced to
kneel close to Julian, who never had touched another woman before in her
presence. Lily raged with jealously as she watched his tongue lave the other
women.

Julian turned from his pleasures and said to her, "Shall I pierce you soon and
put a ring or two in you, right in your pussy lips? I could have made that part
of our wedding ceremony. That could have been your wedding ring. Curb your
jealousy or it will happen tonight. Lay on your back on the floor and be still."

She looked up again as the men sent up a cheer. The two recent graduates were
led up the aisle by their masters, led by leashes attached to the tight leather
underwear that Lily had glimpsed beneath their shifts the other day. The girls
were pulled forward by their masters down toward the waiting monks. "This is the
first time these slaves will be shared," Julian told Lily. "I have been told
that theses girls came really big during their ceremony last weekend. But they
have already been punished for that."

The nuns and the two girls walked up and down the nave while the men formed two
rows. The men brought a whip out and delighted in using it on the willing nuns
and the cringing pupils. Then Julian said. "All these women want to sin. Lily
has sinned. Let's punish them all."

The women were put in an open circle, facing outward holding hands. The women
were stripped totally naked now by the eager men. Julian pulled the cloak from
under Lily where she lay on the floor. "Please, please, leave me be," she
whispered to him.

He looked intently at her seeming to consider, but shook his head slowly, "No."
Julian placed Lily in the circle with the other women. The men walked round and
round looking at the naked women, toying from time to time lightly with a
breast, stooping to give a kiss on the mouth, inserting a finger briefly in a
slit or asshole. One of the other pupils cried and fell to her knees, but she
was roughly pulled up again. Lily felt she would die as these other men touched
her. The men started to concentrate on the women's breasts. Lily felt Julian's
mouth on her tits first. "I must be first in this too," he said. But soon other
wet mouths suckled her. She really thought she might throw up. Julian looked up
from licking another woman's breasts and caught Lily's eye. He smiled a bit
ruefully at her, she thought. Julian came back around to her and aroused her
easily with his mouth pulling and sucking at her nipples. "Remember, Lily. This
is your punishment. I am bound to punish you by my vows."

Lily noticed that there were two men for each woman. There were, all told, ten
naked women and twenty large erect penises surrounding the helpless women. Lily
feared the meaning of this ratio of men to women. Each woman would have to
satisfy two men. She shuddered to think what other man she would be forced to
service tonight. Lily should have known that the arithmetic of 2 to 1 was too
simple.

The women were now made to drop to their hands and knees on the stone floor of
the sacred building. The first woman presented her head one way, next to the
legs and butt of her sister slave. One woman faced east, the next west. The ten
women--seven nuns, two graduates and Lily--formed one alternating row down the
nave. Julian told the women to put their foreheads to the floor and wave their
butts aloft. All, including Lily, complied instantly. The women were all
beautiful. The men stripped and milled about their victims appreciatively,
slapping the slowly waving butts as they circled in for the kill. Julian came up
behind Lily and swatted her very hard on the ass five times. "For luck," he
said.

"Now Lily, this is your punishment," Julian said loudly. "Your great big fucking
orgasm with me on the altar is the reason that we men will fuck you and all the
women here. Each woman here will receive each man's penis. Each woman will have
her mouth and cunt filled by twenty different cocks tonight. And each cock will
be trying to make each woman come so that she can be punished again later."
Julian had moved to look directly into Lily's eyes as she raised her head from
the floor.

"No Julian, no. I was a virgin just a little while ago. And I am for you alone."

"But, my slut, you climaxed and gloried in it, and this is your punishment. You
said you wouldn't care about the punishment as long as you could come under me.
Besides, you want it, don't you bitch?" She did not reply. "Beg for it now." He
painfully twisted her nipple which hung down toward the floor. "Beg," he
commanded. She remained silent. "Nipple clamps," he called out. One of the monks
brought the clamps, devices which Lily had not known existed. Julian clamped
them on her nipples and then added chains and weights, painfully pulling her
dugs toward the floor. "Beg now," he commanded again. He sweated to see her
writhe in pain.

"Yes, please." She had tears in her voice. He lifted the weights in his hands as
she continued. "I want to do all that you require. But you can not make me say I
want these others. I want only you. But I will do as you command."

Julian knew that many of the others would expect him to torture her till she
said she wanted them all, but he could not do it. "That will have to be good
enough for now, slave." Julian took further mercy on her and removed the clamps
as he shoved his cock directly down Lily's throat. He did it as if he could not
wait, as, in truth, he couldn't. Despite the pain still welling in her
mistreated tender tits, despite what was to come, she gloried in the feel of his
cock fully inside her mouth again, this time thrusting deeper than he had dared
when he had entered her briefly on the stairs.

The men lined up beside the waiting women, some of whom were moaning in
anticipation. All of the women had been teased and tantalized into a state of
almost constant arousal over the last week. All had almost burst when Julian had
fucked Lily on the altar. The women whimpered and groaned as cocks came into
their mouths and down their cunt slits. The men pressed them hard from head to
tail. Lily almost collapsed as she felt another man's cock inside her. Only the
thought of Julian's lovely prick still in her mouth kept her going.

Julian started up a rhythm. He slowly chanted and the men fucked by the numbers.
"In----one. Out----one. In----two. Out----two. In---three. Out---three. Change
partners." Julian pulled out of Lily's mouth and stared soberly into at her
enormous eyes. Julian chanted very slowly allowing each man full penetration of
the mouth or cunt presented to him. Lily felt two new huge dicks at her lips and
cunt, and thought she might faint, but submitted, mesmerized by Julian's
relentless chanting. She thought only of Julian, hanging on to his voice,
believing it was him doing all these things to her, believing that it was he
directing all the jabbing, thrusting motions that scoured and penetrated her.

The men kept up mercilessly and women came and came in waves, clutching and
exulting in whatever man's penis was there at the height of an orgasm. But Lily
knew when it was Julian inside her tender cunt, and only then did she achieve
release. No woman was allowed to leave the line, however, till all the men were
spent. Men came all over the women, spurting over their backs and faces as well
as down their throats and inside their cunts. Some men revived and came back for
a second go-round.

Now there were too few men and the women had to stay waiting in the line between
penetrations. Julian had held back, such was his control having just come with
Lily on the altar. He was the last man standing and went to kneel in back of
Lily. Lily had lost track of the orgasms he had given her, but was still ready
to serve her love. She waved her butt at him, trying to bring his cock in
contact with her cunt. She had loved the times he had had his turn at her from
behind.

At last, the other women were allowed to relax and to look on with the spent
males as the still-aroused bridegroom approached his bride once again. Julian
put his hand up Lily's vagina and brought it forth, dripping with her juices. He
bathed his cock in her viscous liquid. She looked around to see what he was
doing. She tried again to bring her cunt close to his cock, but he would not
allow the contact she craved. He knelt down and opened Lily's butt crack. She
felt cold air rush into this still virgin hole. Lily remembered the story of the
evangelist girl who took cocks up her ass and cunt simultaneously. Lily
shuddered. Julian tongued her, scouring far into her tight, tight butt hole.
Then Julian stuck her, jamming his cock in her butt. She screamed. He withdrew.
Then again he forced himself into her tiny puckered place. Then one last thrust
and he removed his cock. "Someday soon, Lily," he promised.

Now he rammed her cunt from behind, forcing her so hard that he pushed her
inches across the floor. He was overwhelmed by a sense of electric power
coursing up his body when she laid her arms and head down to the floor, spread
her legs till they hurt, and presented him with a firm barrier to bash and bash
and bash his manhood against. Finally they both stopped for one unutterable
moment in time and space, shook, and came over the top amid cheers from the
congregation.

As he collapsed on her, pushing her face down on the floor under his protective
weight, he whispered in her ear, "Lily, I will grant us a wedding wish." His
breathing slowed as he nuzzled her neck and spoke softly to her. "Never again
will I share you with any other man, and I will cleave only unto you. This
punishment almost drove me crazy. All I could think of was you. I had
to close my eyes and imagine every hole I entered was yours. I am obsessed by
only you. I love you."

Though still laying facedown, Lily raised up her legs and her arms around him to
cradle him as he lay atop her. "Thank you, my love. Thank you my master. And
Julian--I only came when you were inside me, only then."

"Let us leave this place and be alone," he said. "I must punish you some more,
but I have private punishments for you. This is  just the beginning for us, my
love, my wife, my slave."

END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Incalesence


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





