BDSM Library - Special Effects




Special Effects
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Guys took advantage of the theater's new special sound effect and had some fun in public.
SPECIAL EFFECTS

I've told you before about Jodi Malenger and how he was a kid with the sharpest
eye for an opportunity that ever I've seen, especially when it was a chance to
give a girl an unforgettable experience. I'll tell you another story about him
and his gang - including me - which I've sometimes tried to tell before and
which nobody will believe is true. Not that I blame the skeptics one iota - if I
hadn't have been there I wouldn't have believed it could have happened.

As I've also said before, these things happened a long time ago, in England.
Which matters only so far as Jodi had access to wheels when the UK was very much
a one car per family country - assuming you were lucky enough to have a car at
all. But Jodi's old man was a builder in a good line of business, and one of his
company vehicles was a battered old Ford van that Jodi had taught himself to
drive. Better yet his Dad didn't mind Jodi borrowing it at the weekends. Not
that Jodi was old enough to have a license but it was well worth the risk of
getting pulled over by the coppers for a chance to mark out some new territory.

So it was a weekend, and we were in a town twenty miles or so from our usual
haunts. I guess that doesn't sound very far, but in a place as small and crowded
as England it meant that being seen by anybody who knew us was about as likely
as winning the football pools. We'd travelled in that direction for absolutely
no reason at all, and our luck seemed to be pretty good because in a field just
outside the town a travelling fun fair had pitched its tents. It was dusk, all
the bright lights were coming on and a steady stream of vehicles were being
parked in the next field as the locals came to ride the dodg'em cars and sample
the candy floss.

"Hey, let's have a look at this," Will said. "Maybe we can have some fun."

"Fine by me," Jodi replied and turned in to follow white tapes in the grass
which led to the parking area.

All the usual suspects were in the van with him. Will, Micky, Jacko, and yours
truly, Andy. The hard boys, the guys who had been there and done that and would
have jumped into a ring of fire if Jodi had led the way. We'd long since found
out that if anything really exciting was going to happen Jodi would be the one
who made it happen - aye, and kept us out of trouble as well.

Not that this seemed to have much in the makings of special night out. There
were plenty of girls around but mostly young ones acting silly, and as for the
fair itself I'd long since gone past being interested in throwing balls at a
coconut shy or riding on a big wheel. It wasn't even worth trying to hit
anything at the shooting gallery because everybody knew the stall holder would
have fiddled with the rifles' sights so you couldn't aim straight.

Then we came across something we'd never seen before. A circular tent, a perfect
half dome about thirty yards across, dark around the bottom and the top two
thirds of the dome lit up, flickering images showing in the lighted area and
loud music coming from inside it. A small generator was driving an air
compressor which was feeding into a pressurized canvas tube attached to the side
of the dome. The air was keeping it blown up, like a big balloon. Another
generator was connected to a tangle of cables going into the dome.

"What's all this then?" Will asked, not there was any need to, because there was
a big enough poster outside explaining it all.

'THE NEW SENSATION IN CINEMA EXPERIENCE!'

'THE SCREEN SURROUNDS YOU - THE SOUND SURROUNDS YOU - YOU BECOME PART OF THE
FILM!'

'RIDE ON THE HIGHEST ROLLER COASTER IN THE WORLD'

'DRIVE IN A GRAND PRIX RACING CAR'

'LOOK DOWN ON NEW YORK'S SKYSCRAPERS FROM A HELICOPTER'

'FLY OVER THE GRAND CANYON'

'CONTINUOUS SHOWINGS - STAY AS LONG AS YOU LIKE'

"Hey, Jodi, how about taking a look inside?"

"Yeah, why not. I've never seen anything like it before."

None of us had. The only sort of cinemas we'd ever heard of were the ones were
you sat in rows watching a screen in front of you. This seemed different and
interesting. So we paid our money and went in.

First off, I'll tell you what I saw - and then I'll tell you what Jodi saw. If
nothing else it shows up perfectly the difference between an average Joe Blow
and a real operator.

What I saw was a whole lot of people standing on the grass inside the dome
staring up at a scene of huge office buildings rising out of busy city streets
that seemed miles below. The picture was so wide and so close you couldn't help
feeling you were actually there, drifting over the edges of the skyscrapers and
about to fall down into those streets so far underneath you. Even though I knew
I was perfectly safe my stomach still curdled every time the camera viewpoint
drifted across one of the gaps between the buildings. It sounds crazy, I
suppose, to be looking up and feeling you were going to fall, but that was the
sensation I got and I think everybody else did as well.

I wondered how the film was being projected and worked my way through the crowd
far enough to see a wheeled trailer in the middle of the tent, leveled off with
a built in jack at each corner and the top removed to reveal six projector
heads. Each of the lenses was aiming a beam of light at the roof and somehow all
the different films were being run in sequence to make up the big picture
overhead. I thought it was real clever. Then I went back to gaping up at the
film again.

What did Jodi see? I guess the first thing he noticed was that although the
reflected light from the projectors made it clear enough to move around, that
only applied to the area directly underneath the area of the dome the projectors
were shining on. Around the outer edge of the tent was an rim of almost total
darkness, tall enough to stand up in and five or six paces deep. The only
illumination in all that area were the luminous strips that surrounded the
doorway.

Another thing Jodi noticed was that there were around fifty people in the crowd,
some leaving after they'd seen all the film clips, others coming in. Especially
he noted that everybody standing inside was completely concentrated on watching
the scenes above them, almost oblivious to whatever else was going on. Jodi also
noticed that a lot of the crowd were girls - Jodi would have noticed those if
he'd been in the waiting room to Hell.

Another matter he considered was the music. Classical stuff, being played loudly
enough to match and heighten the excitement of the movie scenes. Jodie was
starting to become excited as well, though not because of the films. As the
Grand Canyon sequence started the camera angle passed over the edge of the
highest cliff I'd ever seen and a big gasp rose up from the watchers. But not
from the one person in the place who was looking sideways instead of upwards,
circling the inside of the dome and exploring its shadowy perimeter.

What Jodi found were four speakers, each three feet high, set up an equal
distance apart in the darkened area. In the corners, I guess you'd say, if
they'd been any corners. The speakers were painted black and virtually invisible
until you were close enough to touch them. What was even more interesting was
that they were standing on equally black supports. But when Jodi ran his hands
around these supports they turned out to be nothing more than ordinary folding
trestle tables, each one with some black curtain material draped over it.

'Neat',  Jodi concluded. 'Even if any of the customers take a real close look
around they won't see these crummy tables, not with this black material on them.
But I guess the speakers would still work just as well if they were put down on
the ground. Maybe they'd get wet from the grass but that's not my problem. I
think it's time for a little experiment.'

The first I knew about his plans was when somebody tugged on my arm and I looked
down, irritated at being disturbed when I was fascinated by the movie -
irritated that is until I saw it was Micky. He pointed towards Jodi and jerked
his head. I went over as the rest of us came together and put our heads close to
Jodi to hear what he wanted to tell us. But he stepped back into the shadow
area, so we had to follow.

The first thing he did was to tell us about the speakers and the table. I guess
we were all puzzled as to why the hell he was interested in them. We were even
more puzzled as he kept on talking.

"I'm going to show you where the nearest speaker is. Will and Andy, you lift it
off the table and then Micky and Jacko, I want you to pick up the table and move
it to the side a few steps. Then put the table down again. I want the black
material left on the table. Then Will and Andy will put the speaker down on the
grass and leave it there."

Jacko asked the obvious question: "Why?"

"It's an experiment. I want to see if anybody notices what you're doing. If
there's any trouble bunch up and move slowly to the door."

OK, if that was what he wanted. We didn't know why he wanted us to do it but we
gave it a go, and it turned out to be a piece of piss. The nearest in the
audience to the speaker were a family. Big stocky guy with bright red cheeks and
a check jacket, his wife wearing a headscarf, two young boys. None of them were
more than three or four steps away. I thought sure one of the kids would notice
something - and I was wrong. They had their heads tilted back, their jaws
hanging open and their minds in neutral just like everybody else. Nobody saw
what we'd done.

Then Jodie gave us the word.

"Right, we're going to wait here until we see a couple of decent looking birds
on their own. Then we'll lift them and bring them over to the table. Everyone
carrying their flicks?"

No problem there - we'd made some enemies in our time and we never went anywhere
without our knives. No, if it had been a fight Jodi had been organizing that
would have been plain and simple. But to snatch a girl - two girls - and have
some fun with them in here! It was crazy!

Crazy like a fox though. Everybody in the gang except Jodi looked like stunned
mullets but gradually we began to understand the way he was thinking. Girls
didn't wander around on their own and if somebody disappeared from a group
sooner or later it would be noticed and their friends would start looking around
for them. But a pair of girls on their own - one minute they're there, the next
minute they're not. So they've left, walked out of the tent, who would notice?

But what about the actual snatch? From the fringe of the crowd, everybody
looking up, plenty of noise from the speakers. Grab the girls' arms, hold blades
against them and slip backwards into the dark area without anybody else noticing
- if we were quick and smooth enough we could probably do that. It was certainly
the kind of work we'd done before, though never in such a crowded situation. It
would be like taking roosting pheasants out of a tree under a gamekeeper's nose.

Even if it went wrong we'd just cluster together, show our blades and move off
through the doorway. Nobody was going to risk starting anything on his own and
outside the tent there were hundreds of people wandering around in the dark -
we'd be among them and gone in seconds. But what if we got the girls?

Jodi explained that as well.

"We'll bend them over the table. I want their arses to the walls. Then we'll
throw that black material over them and nobody will see a thing. The music from
the speaker will cover most of the noise but if we get a real screamer give her
a good tickle with a flick. If that doesn't shut her up we'll just have to walk
away from it. Outside, we break up and meet back at the van. Everybody got
that?"

Yeah, we'd got it.

"OK, Will and Andy, you're one team. You take the one I tell you too, bend her
over the table on this end of it." He pointed.

"Micky, Jacko, you take the girl I show you, put her over the other end of the
table. Will, as soon as yours is down you'll grab her hair and keep her across
the table. I want her under control and quiet. That's your job, stay with it
until I tell you different. Jacko, you do the same with yours. Micky, Andy,
you're the blade men. You put the steel against them in the lift. As soon as the
other two guys have got a grip on their hair I want your knives pricking the
tarts' backsides to let them know that screaming is not a good idea. Don't worry
about looking around to see if you've been noticed, I'll be watching your backs.
Get the birds over here, get them down and then we'll sit quiet for a while and
see if there's any comeback."

I guess I'd decided by then that Jodi was finally becoming over confident. It
didn't seem to me there was any real chance at all of getting a couple of chicks
onto the table. Where I did agree with him was that there was no real danger in
trying something on - if things went wrong we'd be out and away in a shake of a
duck's tail. At the last resort we could just slice the tent wall open with our
flicks and step through it.

So, we waited - and waited. There were plenty of girls coming in, often in
couples, but none of them came near us. Not near enough, anyway. Jodi stood and
watched them like a crocodile on a river bank, eyes glittering and never
stirring a muscle until he was ready to spring his trap. Pretty soon I was
leaving it to him and looking up at the movie again. The roller coaster ride was
showing now and the audience were gasping every time the car dropped down into
another dip on the elevated track.

Then a hand slapped sharply against my arm and I looked around me. Oddly, the
first thing I noticed was something the whole audience was doing as the roller
coaster car went round a corner - they were swaying like wheat stalks in a
breeze as the car tipped over, unconsciously trying to balance with it, their
brains fooled by the big picture which surrounded them. The second thing I
noticed were the two people who had just arrived and were moving around the edge
of the crowd towards us, their attention almost totally taken up by the overhead
scenes. But it had to be a false alarm because they weren't two birds, it was a
guy and a girl.

A second look though and I knew she was going to be the target - she was
irresistible. Classy, good looking, a sneer on her lips directed at all the
unwashed working class she was slumming it with. To know where she came from you
only had to look at her escort. Handsome, tall, broad-shouldered, slightly
overgrown black hair underneath a flat cap, tweed hacking jacket,  knitted cable
pullover with a green and gold silk cravat at the throat, twill trousers.  If
there'd be a label hung off him it would have said: "Rich landowner's son,
probably heir to a title: if lost, please return to nearest hunt ball."

The girl was just as much a walking example of the top people but in a far more
flamboyant style, a real surprise to come across in a tatty fair in a rural
backwater. For a start she was beautiful, with a nose and mouth a painter would
have needed genius to bring to life, and no painter could have caught the
essence of her vivid blue eyes or the perfection of her teeth. Her hair was
shiny blonde, short cut and styled in the casually ruffled kind of look which
costs real money to achieve. She was wearing a shimmery black dress, low cut,
with a velvet collar almost halfway to her waist, cleavage heaving up out of it
in a double half crescent - the Mountains of the Moon, I remember thinking. Her
throat was bare but four or five gold ornaments were clipped to the left side of
the collar and her belt buckle at her slender waist was studded with  pearls. A
small black bag hung from her left shoulder and she swayed through the crowd
with long necked grace, a head taller than most of the men in the tent. I'd have
put her age at about twenty one or twenty two, and I'd have bet my balls it had
been about that long since anybody had said 'no' to her.

Like I said, he and her were a matched pair: the sort that have known from birth
that life was always going to be served up to them on a silver platter.

I also knew immediately what was going on in Jodie's mind. These two were the
kind of well to do snobs he hated as instinctively as a rat hates a cat. The
difference with Jodi was that he was a rat always ready to bite first. But he
wasn't going to get a chance this time, not unless he could get rid of the guy,
and there was no way we could knock him down and drag him away without being
noticed. If Satan had arrived on the scene right then waving a power of attorney
we'd all have happily signed off our souls, if only he'd have agreed to take the
Hooray Henry in the hacking jacket back to Hell with him.

It would have been a bad bargain, but. We didn't any help from the Prince of
Darkness, not with Jodi around. I heard him speaking to somebody though I
couldn't see who, or hear what was being said. Then the pair of rich bastards
were next to us, still moving slowly, still looking up - she was leading, he was
following and suddenly there was a third person in the convoy. It was Jacko, and
he put up his arm and grabbed the hooray Henry's flat cap off the guy's head.

Naturally, he turned around and looked at Jacko, completely surprised. Just as
surprised as when Jacko offered the cap and then jerked it back again as the
Henry made a grab at it. The surprised look became an angry one and the scion of
the aristocracy stepped forward with his fist clenched. Jacko danced back,
turned and started stepping quickly around the crowd to the doorway. The Henry
went in hot pursuit as Jacko cut a trail which made it obvious he was going to
leave the tent. One or two people in the crowd had noticed what had happened,
but I guess they must have thought it was a bit of horseplay amongst friends -
certainly nothing to keep looking at compared to the movie. They went back to
gazing upwards again, and oohing and aahing as the roller coaster shots heaved
up and down.

The girl had picked up on the hat hi-jacking as well - partly so, anyway,
because she'd stopped and was looking back over the crowd at the puzzling sight
of her now bare headed escort heading for the tent doorway as if a fire alarm
had suddenly gone off. She stood where she was for a moment, clearly baffled.
Then she took a few steps back along her original path - which put her as close
to us as she was going to get.

Jodi stepped out into the light, put his fingers together as if pretending they
were a gun and aimed them at the walking Barbie doll. Maybe it doesn't sound
much but the way he did it was like the way the way the deck handlers signal a
jet launch off an aircraft carrier - 'GO!'

We came out of the gloom like a pack of starving wolves coming out of the
Siberian winter. Jodi's gang had no room in it for wimps who dithered - when
Jodi gave the signal you went in with everything you had, no pissing around. I'd
been assigned to use a knife so it was open in my hand and I pressed the point
of it right up again the bottom of Barbie's spine as Will and Micky grabbed her
arms.

"One shout, one fucking shout, and you're dead!" Jodi snarled, leaning forward
to make sure she heard. "Get her back!"

Will and Micky stepped backwards, dragging her with them, my legs carrying me
with them as I kept the blade penetrating that nicely tailored dress. As soon as
we were out of the light I hooked my arm around underneath Barbie's chin,
cutting off a protesting squawk deep in her throat. I could feel Will and Micky
changing their hold on her arms, twisting them around until she twitched with
pain.

For a second we looked back at the spot where we'd just been, the place two
steps away in the pale light where Barbie been standing. Three young girls in
jeans and tee-shirts had been the closest to her. None of them seemed to have
noticed a thing - not a bloody thing! A middle aged guy in a suit with rolls of
fat overflowing his collar was still holding a toddler up in his arms and hadn't
even looked around. No bugger at all had seen a thing - it was wonderful - great
timing, everything happening as the roller coaster had plunged down the deepest
dip on the track. Bloody fantastic!

Jodi moved closer again. His own knife flicked open in his hand and I felt
Barbie jerk again as she saw the steel glitter in the dark. He lifted his hand
up and touched her face with the edge: "We're going to bend you over a table.
You give us any trouble or make any noise and I'll slash your cheeks wide open.
If you don't want me to do that, nod your head."

Her chin touched my forearm, once, twice, three times. "She's nodding," I told
Jodi in case he couldn't see it in the dark.

"A smart girl. Move her to her left."

We knew which way she had to go but it was easier with her knowing as well. She
certainly didn't make any effort to hold back. Not many girls do when you start
talking about face cutting, especially one as good looking as Barbie.

Jodi took the black curtain off the table and held it up by the corners like a
magician getting ready to do a trick. From where I was standing I would have
sworn that everybody in the tent must have seen him. But I was in the dark
looking out and the crowd were in the light. Even if they'd been looking into
the darkness a black curtain was the last thing they'd have noticed. Ever been
to one of those animated puppet shows with the puppeteers wearing black costumes
against a black background? The puppet stand out but not the operators - same
thing. It takes a while though to get used to becoming invisible.

Barbie bent down across the table underneath Will and Micky's guiding hands
without any argument at all. Jodi spread the curtain across her and the table
and I put my knife blade against her arse to make sure she kept getting the
point about being a good girl. Not that I really needed to because Will and
Micky were facing me across the table with their hands on the black material and
the body pinned underneath it.

Jodi bent forward and put his head close enough to hers so she could hear him
through the curtain material. I knew what he was saying, he was telling we'd use
French letters on her as long as she behaved. We always did anyway, we shared
too many women to want to pick up a dose of VD, but it made them feel a lot
happier and perform better as well. We needed sex and we took a lot of it
without bothering to ask first but we never set out to hurt anybody unless we
had to. Jodi once joked about his gang liking girls so much we were honorary
lesbians.

Anyway we certainly liked the look of this one and the way things had panned out
it seemed as if I was going in with Jodi to open the batting. I did wonder - but
not for very long at all - about whether Jacko was still distracting the Henry
out there in the fairground. Never mind, Jacko would know we'd have something
hot waiting for him when he eventually got back.

Jodi knelt down and lifted up the edge of the curtain, then threw it over the
top of Barbie, with Will and Micky pulling it clear. Then Jodi began to work up
her skirt in little jerks, one side and then the other. I could just make out
two pale blurs which were her legs, though they seemed cut off just below her
knees. Then I realized she was wearing high boots: God knows why but there's not
a girl so ugly that she can't send my blood pressure up by wearing a pair of
those. As long as she's got the legs for it, naturally, not skinny pipe
cleaners. Good strong well shaped legs that the boots complement perfectly

On Barbie, bent over, Jodi wriggling her skirt up over a superbly shaped arse
and legs like a showgirl's, by Christ, my heart didn't know whether to stop or
go into a frenzy. Jodi's hands finished rucking up the skirt then carefully ran
over her thighs.

"Andy, she's wearing suspenders", he told me in a half giggle.

Two things happened: my heart opted to go into the frenzy and the music from the
speakers cut off at exactly the same moment as Jodi felt up between Barbie's
open thighs. Her yelp seemed to echo through the tent, even muffled as she was
under the curtain. My heart went past frenzy into whatever is the next stage,
the scene in the dome turned to a picture of racing car's nose with a racetrack
ahead and the sound of a fast revving engine came out of the speakers. Not one
upturned face in the audience looked around to see where Barbie's cry had come
from. Overhead a guy waved a huge checkered flag to start the car race and the
four of us absolutely pissed ourselves with laughter. I don't know, maybe you
had to be there to find it funny but we were creased up so much it must have
been a minute or two before Jodi told me to cut the girl's panties off.

It was true what he'd said. Barbie was wearing a garter belt and suspenders to
match her black underwear. Jodi let me have a minute or two to feel her before I
used the knife: superb, man, superb. I was stroking a bum that a synod of
bishops would have sinned for.  No wonder the Henry had looked so happy, he'd
surely been lined up to get the full treatment tonight. Only now he wasn't,
because his beautiful young Barbie was going to get a lot of working class rough
fucking instead of a an aristocratic coupling. Well, maybe he didn't know that
but Barbie did and she was keeping her legs well open for it, although trembling
like a trapped animal - which she was, of course. But when I fingered her
through the silk, just as a touch of luxury, I found out she was even more ready
for it than I'd expected.

"She's getting wet already!'

Jodi was mildly surprised, but when he checked with his own hand there was no
denying it. "What a lovely little darling, to be sure, to be sure."

He tweaked down the panties around her stocking tops, then gave her some more
finger work. We could hear Barbie gasping away underneath the curtain. Loud
enough for us to hear her, but nobody else. God, it was a crazy scene though -
her over the table with her bare arse hanging out and a whole crowd of people
only spitting distance away! Literally - spitting distance! This couldn't last
long but Jesus, it was going to be exciting while it did. God alone knew what
was going on in Barbie's head - maybe it was the idea of getting serviced in
public which was getting her so turned on. Well, if that was it, she wasn't
going to lack for help in keeping her that way.

Still, I did feel a touch regretful when I cut those silk panties - there were
girls I knew who would have killed for them. Never mind, most of the panties on
our trophy board were either cut or torn. I was going to put them in my pocket
but Jodi took them out of my hand before he knelt down behind the table to give
Barbie the length of his tongue. The racing car overhead changed up a gear and
so did Barbie, judging by the way she lifted her arse up to give him plenty of
room to work in as soon as she realized what was happening. Then I saw the Henry
again - still bareheaded, still looking as mad as hell, and walking around the
crowd, obviously looking for somebody. It wasn't hard to guess for whom the beau
trolled.

I turned to warn Jodi, but he'd already seen the guy. No matter what he was
doing, Jodi always had his eyes open. He stood up, grinning.

"Will, Micky, kneel down underneath the curtain. While you're there you can give
her ears a nibble and tell her how many time's she's going to get fucked. Andy,
why don't you take over here while I put a Frenchie on. Keep your face down
behind her skirt - that's the only thing that can give us away."

It took me a second to understand what he talking about. He meant the way our
faces might show up in the shadows - or a bare rump. But Barbie's backside was
pointing away from the light, Will and Micky had already disappeared underneath
the curtain and Jodi had turned to face the wall. As for me, well I ducked down
behind Barbie and her rucked up skirt. By rights I should have kept right out of
sight but there was no way I could resist the temptation of pulling the material
down so I could keep looking at the Henry as I licked his girlfriend's clit.

The rich idiot was standing there, just about where we'd grabbed her, looking
around - still without his cap - looking for his missing girl, and she was five
yards away, getting her ears and twat licked out. Hell, couldn't he hear her?
Couldn't anybody? Couldn't everybody? She was snorting away like a little steam
engine as I tongued her and the other guys nibbled her ears and whispered into
them about how many cocks were lined up to shag her. Of course the truth was
that the engine noise coming from the speakers drowned out every cry Barbie was
making. Her boyfriend couldn't hear us, he couldn't see us, and as he stood
there looking totally lost I started laughing so much I had to bury my mouth in
between Barbie's beautifully smooth buttocks to stifle the sounds. She must have
thought it was an odd kind of sexual perversion.

Then Jodi tapped me on the shoulder to get out of the way. He'd cut the gusset
of Barbi's panties and tied them around his mouth and nose like a bandanna. If
the intention was to make his face less visible it was a great idea with great
side effects - we'd got cine-a-rama, sound-a-rama and now smell-a-rama.  Jodi's
thick stiff prick and balls were hanging outside his jeans as he stepped up
behind Barbie and drove his length into her for the full three dimensional
experience. I guess Jodi was producing special effects at the movies long before
anybody had ever heard of Spielberg or Lucas.

Like I say, he always was a master of timing. At the very instant he took her
there was a squeal of brakes from the speaker as the racing car slowed for a
corner. But if you'd listened real carefully you'd have noticed that one of
those squeals was even shriller than a couple of tons of decelerating machinery
would have produced. The tent was full of people getting their thrills but two
of them were really racing.

The hardest part was waiting in the pits for my turn to take over the driving.
Like Jodi, I'd stood with my back to the audience as I rolled on a Frenchie. I
don't know about him but my hands were trembling. Just thinking about how Barbie
had looked when she strolled in and the position she was in now had me just
about foaming at the mouth.  Jodi was ramming his cock into her like a human
pile driver - Will and Micky must have been holding onto the table to stop it
from bunny hopping across the grass. And yet nobody was noticing a bloody thing
- the hooray Henry had moved on a few steps, walking right past us as he kept
looking into the audience for a sight of Barbie. And Jodi was fucking her
arrogant little arse off and watching him at the same time!

I had to put the sleeve of my windbreaker up to my mouth and bite on it so as
not to bray with laughter. I didn't care about the people nearby now, nor about
anything else - except maybe for that bloody flimsy table collapsing before Jodi
finished and I could get started. And then he suddenly sprawled on top of her
and there was another shriek when the car was speeding up and not braking - but
nobody noticed. We could have been screwing the Dagenham Girl Pipers and none of
those idiots in the tent would have noticed, not unless the girls had started
playing their bagpipes.

Jodi got up, unpeeled the condom, tied the end and stowed it away neatly in the
top of one of Barbie's stockings, the first of a collection which would help her
keep count of her lovers. Then he gave me the panties and I pulled them over my
face, turned around, put my cock up against Barbie's quivering lips and pushed
it into a nest of slippery muscles that had me groaning in pleasure. God, I'd
never known a cunt as eager to drag me into it and I went with everything I had
as our little darling rammed her bottom back against me as eagerly as I was
going for her. Dragging in the smell of her perfume and body odors from the silk
clinging to my cheeks was an aphrodisiac but it couldn't have improved the
fucking - that was already as good as it gets, ever.

 A crowd of girls had stopped opposite us, gazing up at the screen. One of them
was short and plump, a freckled face, red hair tied up with a white ribbon,
strong little legs nicely shown off with a mini-skirt and half calf boots with
white stockings rolled over the top of them. I was perving at the legs with my
tongue hanging out as I pumped into Barbie. Every quiver and cry from her was a
golden moment in one of the great screws of my life. Oh Christ, who could
believe this!

 I guess I'd have to admit that I came far sooner than I wanted to - still, I
managed to hold out until the last lap of the car race. It must have been a
final good sprint anyway because Barbie went into crazy celebratory convulsions
without even seeing the winning flag as we shot past it.

And just then the Henry wandered by again, still looking for his lost love! If
only he'd stepped back and looked around he'd have had the shock of his
privileged life. But he all his attention was on the audience, none of it for
what was behind him. What he really wanted was what the upper classes always
want when things go wrong - somebody they can kick around to get rid of their
bad temper. But this lad just wasn't getting any satisfaction at all. Which was
a real pity because there was plenty of it where I was coming from.

I lay on top of Barbie and laughed again and again, my face pressed down between
her shoulder blades until Jodi ordered me to get the fuck off her. I didn't care
what he said, as far as I was concerned he was a genius and I'd have willingly
fought to the death anybody who disagreed. So I left another filled up French
letter in Barbie's stockings as a memento before we changed places with the
other two guys.

When they came out from underneath the curtain Micky and Will were laughing like
drains as well. It seemed that our nicely dressed little rich girl was nearly
fucked out her brain by now. Will told us her name was Pauline and she seemed
totally off her face at being held down and gang banged in a fairground tent
full of people. Jodi gave them the panties and said that whoever was doing the
fucking had to wear it - both of the guys started laughing again at that, but it
was an order they had no problems with at all. And, Christ Almighty, even as
Jodi was talking our Pauline began wailing softly and moving her backside
around. She was obviously impatient for the next shift to clock on. Jodi laughed
and slapped her rump to let her know she wasn't being forgotten. The film
overhead had begun showing the same scenery as it had been when we first came
in, the New York skyscrapers. It was fast becoming my favorite city: if we could
make it here we could make it anywhere.

When I got underneath the curtain I found my partner panting as if she'd just
run a mile - ex-partner I suppose, by that stage. Things were changing pretty
quickly all the time, especially for her - Pauline was it? I'd preferred Barbie.
Anyway, just to show there were plenty of hard feelings left, I stuck my tongue
up against the side of her head and slopped it around until I found her earring.

"You bastards! Are you the ones that fucked me?" Even in her present state she
had the kind of upper class accent you could cut glass with - Waterford glass,
of course, not the Woolworth's kind.

Jodi chuckled: "I'm the boss, I always get the first go. Hope you enjoyed it!"

"The second one was much better."

I laughed at her defiance, and so did Jodi: "Never mind, perhaps I'll do better
the next time," he said.

Pauline didn't answer, she just sort of blew out a long stream of breath as if
it were cigarette smoke and started mumbling to herself: "Yes . . . bastards,
filthy fucking bastards . . .Oh, yes . God, in a fairground tent . . ." It was
clear she'd just been boarded again.

"How's this fucking suit you?" I asked. "We try our best to satisfy."

"I can't believe this," she groaned. "Bent over a table in a tent with a cock
inside me.  In a tent full of people!"

The last word came out on a rising tone as the guy shagging our Pauline really
got into his stride. The table began squeaking under the thrusts like a windmill
in a rising gale. It didn't move though. I guess the legs had gotten well sunk
into the earth by then.

"Ah - ah . . . where's Eddie?"

That gave me a jolt, until I realized she wasn't talking about me but her
missing boy friend.

"He went looking for his hat. Then he came back," Jodi explained. "I guess by
now he's decided you're not here and pissed off. Next time you see him tell him
you left the tent looking for him and couldn't find him in the crowd."

"How . . .oh fuck . . . how many people are looking?"

"I don't know that anybody is, they all seem too interested in the films.
Course, I don't know that somebody isn't looking either. Nobody seems interested
in stopping it anyway, so I guess you'll just have to stay right where you are
until we've finished screwing your lovely tight cunt."

Pauline began sobbing, though whether in pain or in anticipated pleasure was
more than I could say.

"You . . . bastards . . .yes!"

The table's woodwork creaked like a clipper ship going around Cape Horn, the
girl began screaming and Jodi put his hand over her mouth to stifle the noise:
"Christ, I hope she calms down a bit by the time she gets to suck our cocks."

That notion seemed to get an extra loud squeak from Pauline - I'd like to think
it was also because I'd just my tongue in her ear again, but I honestly don't
think that had a lot to do with it.  I guess we were both icing on the cake
compared to the climax either Micky or Will was giving her. Even with Jodi's
fingers over her mouth she still sounded like a whale sounding. I do enjoy a
noisy girl showing her appreciation for the attentions she's getting: still, it
was a good thing those speakers were on a high volume setting.

As soon as she'd calmed down enough to start catching up with her breath again
Jodi lifted up the edge of the curtain.  He'd taken his hand away from Pauline's
mouth so that in the dim light I could see the paleness of her face,  the
glimmers of her round eyes as they stared at the legs of the people no more than
three or four paces away.

"I can't believe this - I simply can't believe it. Shouldn't I be screaming for
help or something?"

"It wouldn't be a good idea," Jodi said. "In the first place nobody would hear
you, and in the second place we'd hurt you. Anyway, you might end up with a lot
more cocks queuing up to fuck you."

"You shits - there's another used johnny being pushed in my stockings. How many
of you are there?"

"Five."

"Five! Five oiks and I can't do a damned thing about it! Oh God, and here comes
another one - oooh - yes, yes!"

I licked her ear again and sniggered into it: "Some days, Pauline, darling,  you
just can't get a minute to yourself, can you?

She was too far gone to bother answering me, moaning and groaning and shaking
her head as the other guy behind the table had his turn.

"Hey, Jodi," I said, "Remember that part of the film about the Grand Canyon? I
bet her twat is starting to look like the Grand Canyon by now."

Jodi laughed and Pauline squealed as the job of getting some more mileage on her
reproductive organs went on with all the devotion to duty our gang always gave
to our community work. As Jodi always said, if a woman was worth fucking she was
worth well and truly fucking. Then somebody tapped me on the head and I duck
crawled out from underneath the curtain and stood up.

Honest to God, the tent was getting more crowded all the time. There were some
kids so close I could almost reach out and touch them, brothers and sisters
probably, all licking on toffee apples and staring wide eyed up at the top of
the dome. We were all back on top of the roller coaster, getting our thrills
from the ups and downs. Well, everybody except Jodi Malenger's excursion party -
we were finding the ins and outs to be more exciting.  The only one who'd missed
out was Jacko, and it looked as if he'd come back. There was somebody standing
next to our side of the table, somebody who spoke in a hoarse whisper.

"Andy, that you?"

"No mate, it's Santa Claus. Is that boyfriend still in here?"

"Naw. I've been hanging around outside until I saw him leave. How's the girl?
You left anything for me?"

I looked around. The black mass that was grunting away behind the table seemed
too big to be Mark - must be Will. It looked as if he was one the vinegar
strokes and both of us could hear screeches like an angry barn owl coming from
underneath the black material.

"Left anything for you? We've spent all this time bringing it up to the boil for
you for you. Listen."

Not only could Jacko and myself hear Pauline having yet another of her noisy
comeuppances, a couple of the kids looked around as well, Puzzlement was on
their faces but they soon lost interest as her voice went down into a string of
satisfied gasps. They started eating their toffee apples again and looked back
up at the movie.

"What's she like as a fuck?" Jacko asked.

"Four and a half stars, mate. Just give her quim a bit of a wipe out with that
black out material and get into it while you've got the chance. By the way, what
did you do with that hat?"

"Still got it in my pocket - a memento, like."

Jodi came out from underneath the curtain as Jacko was starting to have carnal
knowledge of Pauline without bothering to introduce himself first. I guess you'd
have to say we were never going to make the grade as gentlemen.

"Andy, when Jacko's had his turn, cut a slit open in the canvas and we'll piss
off, and take the bitch with us."

"OK, where to?"

"There's a mobile pie shop a couple of tents. I'm feeling a bit peckish. Well
have something to eat and some hot coffee while Pauline gives us a round of blow
jobs behind the pie cart."

"That's a terrible idea," I said. "Making her get down on her knees in all that
damp grass. We'd never forgive ourselves if she got housemaid's knee."

Jodi chuckled: "Don't worry, she's far more likely to get a bad case of wanker's
wrist."


THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  David Shaw


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





