BDSM Library - B&D Academy




B&D Academy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She got in this B&D company for as an industry spy. But she was caught, and her best friends too.
                               B&D ACADEMY

			    	Chapter 1
   
                               By  Snidley
   
   
  The breakfast ordeal was over... Finally. Mariko sat at the table trying 
to "will" the corn flake off the end of her nose and wondered just how she 
gets herself into these things. She felt doubly responsible this time 
because she had gotten not only herself, but her roommate, Courtney 
Richmond, into this predicament. Mariko looked across the beautifully 
appointed breakfast table at her friend who was sitting strapped to a 
high-back leather covered chair identical to Mariko's with a dejected look 
on her face and oatmeal in her hair. At 22, the blonde girl was two years 
younger then Mariko and about two inches taller at 5'6''. She was the type 
of girl who seemed to turn men's heads everywhere she went, but she never 
was never one to notice. They had struck up an immediate friendship and 
decided to share an apartment soon after they had first met at the job that 
was to get them into this mess.
  Sitting smugly at the head of the table was their principal tormentor, 
Allison Palmer, owner, president, chief-of-staff and head bitch of B&D 
(Beauty and Definition) Cosmetics. She was a tall, strong, attractive (in a 
hard sort of way) redhead with a short flip hair style. She sat with one 
leg slung over her chair arm, sipping coffee and smirking at the two 
helpless girls. She had a devious twinkle in her eye, a twinkle Mariko had 
come to know all to well over the last two weeks (or was it three?). 
Allison finished her coffee with one final gulp and then rang the little 
bell that was next to her place setting. When they first arrived at the 
estate, Mariko had expected a butler in a tuxedo or at least a French maid 
to respond but instead, the double doors of the huge dining room opened up 
and as they had in the past, in marched six oriental women, with three 
coming around behind Mariko and the others taking a similar position behind 
Courtney. Mariko couldn't decide just what nationality the women were 
although she had ruled out the possibility that they could be Japanese like 
herself. They were all squat, rugged farm type girls, probably from the 
mainland. They just did not fit in these lavish surroundings. Not the 
Jet-set type at all like Allison and her friends. Then again, not the 
sympathetic type either. 
  Both girls were becoming painfully used to this routine, They knew that 
now was not the time to talk, even though it was one of the few times 
during the day that they were physically able to, but Courtney seemed 
determined to press her luck.
   "And what's for desert?" she asked Allison with her best sarcastic smile 
that didn't begin to hide the contempt she obviously felt for Allison. 
She barely got the statement out before one of the guards grabbed a 
handful of Courtney's blond hair and yanked her head back, not too hard, it 
was her one warning for the day. (and it was only six A.M.)
  "I was only asking!" Courtney blurted defensively, as the guard twisted 
her hair a bit more. Allison smiled sweetly and said 
  "Well, I'm having some melon for dessert, but since you seemed to be 
having so much trouble with the main course, I only ordered for myself... 
However, I think we may be able to find something you two can sink your 
teeth into... Some red rubber ball will do quite nicely!" 
  With that, she nodded to the guards who pounced on both girls, and almost 
effortlessly stuffed ball gags into their mouths. Mariko couldn't help but 
notice that Courtney's gag was pulled about twice as tight as her own, not 
that she had any prayer of extricating the one in her mouth, but any small 
favor was welcome under their circumstances. Sooner or later Courtney would 
figure that out and keep her mouth shut.
  Allison sat back in her chair and began  "Y'know girls, I've been 
thinking... ("Oh shit! Here we go again!" Mariko thought) ...You two have 
been with me all this time and we haven't even had a chance to tour my 
stables. I'm really quite proud of them, so I thought that it would be fun 
to have a nice ride and then a quiet little picnic today... If that's okay 
with you." She said as she looked quizzically at her guests who could do 
little more then stare back at her.
 "If you don't want to go, just say so!... Or raise your hand!" she blurted
out before slapping her knee, and laughing merrily at her own joke. (Nether
Courtney or Mariko could appreciate the humor in it!) "There then, its 
settled, the girls here will get you cleaned up and help you get into some 
riding clothes and I'll meet you in the stables at nine." 
  She then nodded again to the guards, who efficiently unbuckled all the 
leather straps holding our heroines in their chairs then pushed their heads 
down on the table and pulled their hands up behind their backs to be 
fastened there with plastic tie-wraps. The chair was pulled away suddenly 
and Mariko was hustled up and towards the door with one guard on each elbow 
and the corn flake still plastered stubbornly on the end of her nose. 
Courtney brought up the rear. 
Allison's cheerful "Tah, Tah" rang in their ears as they stumbled down the 
halls to their rooms.
   
                             ======  *  ======
   
  Both Mariko and Courtney had started work on the same day at B&D 
Cosmetics although certainly with different motivations. Courtney joined 
the firm as a student intern in the marketing group, Her plan was to slug 
her way to the top of the business world and be in the 6 figure salary 
range by the time she was 25. Mariko was starting as a marketing liaison to 
the new Far East division. It was her charm and wit, along with a hell of a 
snow job that had convinced them in the interview that she had grown up in 
Japan. It didn't really matter that coming to New York was the first time 
she had left Southern California in her life. Her full blooded Japanese 
roots, The smooth lines of her face, the gentle slant to her brown eyes and 
her waist length, jet black hair had done the major portion of the selling. 
  This was actually her second job, but she didn't tell them that. Her 
first had been with a rival cosmetics company based in California. Ivan 
Rasovitz, the president of Rasovitz Industries, had recognized her unique 
potential immediately and taken her under his wing as his personal 
assistant. During one late night staff strategy meeting he revealed his 
suspicion that B&D had been stealing his formulas for several years. He 
hinted that what he needed was a contact on the inside at B&D who could let 
him know what was going on, maybe even send him back some of the stolen 
formulas so he could track down the spy in his company. 

                          ======  *  ======

  Mariko sat patiently in the "Dressing Chair" while a fashionably dressed 
woman applied her make-up (B&D brand of course). The dressing chair was an 
interesting affair made up entirely of adjustable, stainless steel tubes 
giving it an ultra modern appearance. It's long legs were securely anchored 
in the concrete floor of the dressing room making it the only permanent 
highlight in an otherwise drab room. The chair was really little more then 
a stool with arm rests as there was only a tiny, uncomfortable seat made up 
of tubing that converged together to form a small square with no back rest 
at all for a tired girl to lean against, nor could she put her feet flat on 
the floor due to the telescoping legs that had been adjusted before the 
guards had even placed her in the chair. As it was she could barely strain 
enough to rub the end of her big toes on the floor. The arms and legs were 
constructed so that they could be twisted and turned this way and that at 
the operators convenience and with the simple tightening of strategic wing 
bolts, they could be locked in place holding the unfortunate "Dressee" 
rigidly in any possible pose. The steel cuffs that held her in the chair 
only attached to her limbs at the wrist and ankles and could be detached 
and reattached easily from the chair without ever unlocking them from her 
wrists and ankles. The unhooking of the cuffs could be accomplished easily 
by any operator who was standing beside the chair but Mariko could not 
reach any of the catches from her position seated in the chair. For obvious 
security reasons, there was no point during the entire dressing procedure 
where more then one of her limbs was ever released from the chair. In this 
way she could be completely outfitted in anything from a cocktail dress to 
a leather cat suit with little or no effort on the part of her hand 
maidens, regardless of the amount of energy Mariko chose to expend 
resisting them. 
   The chair also had many interesting attachments like the one she was 
enduring at that moment. While she was being made up, a sturdy head rest 
arrangement was bolted to the back of the chair making her lean forward and 
pushing her head forward slightly from the back of her neck. A large tray 
with adjustable lights and all sorts of cosmetics was snapped in place 
under her chin forcing her head up and back painfully against the neck 
brace, ultimately holding her head perfectly still while the woman plied 
her trade. Mariko knew well enough not to complain. On the first day a 
mouth packed with cosmetic cotton puffs put an unpleasant end to any 
protests the fashion dummy had to raise. Mariko always prided herself on 
never making the same mistake twice. So she sat calmly, nude, obediently 
making faces as the make-up woman ordered. Another taller woman stood 
behind Mariko and carefully braided her hair into a long ponytail tied at 
the bottom with a red ribbon. Soon, the two women finished their work and 
stood in front of her commenting about what beautifully high cheekbones 
Japanese women have. Mariko didn't know whether to thank them or kick them, 
(If she ever got the chance!) so instead she just waited. She was getting 
pretty used to waiting. Finally, after they were done with their discussion 
on her chances of making it in the modeling industry, they removed the tray 
and Mariko breathed a sigh or relief as she was able to straighten up.
      
                                =======  *  ======= 
   
  Mariko had never hesitated, She would have done anything (well, ALMOST 
anything!) to help this charismatic man who had gotten her started in the 
business world, Anyway, it seemed a pretty good way to make two paychecks 
while really working only one job. Besides, all the cloak and dagger stuff 
was kind of thrilling, in fact, she even made a point of wearing a cape to 
work her first day at B&D as sort of a private joke. It turned out to be 
even easier then she had ever imagined to get information on the B&D 
formulas, she had access to all B&D's computers from the terminal she 
shared with Courtney and all those computer courses in college had really 
paid off. She had worked there only a month when she got her first look at 
the new formulas that B&D was working on. After six months, she was merrily 
funneling all the new formulas back west. Coincidentally, Mariko had just 
dropped a package in the mail and returned to the apartment that she and 
Courtney shared when this all began. She noticed right off that there were 
some mail and some groceries lying in the middle of the living room. 
 "That girl's such a slob sometimes." she thought as she picked up the 
mess. She then went into her bedroom to change out of her work clothes. 
Mariko opened her closet door and screamed as she looked directly into the 
gagged face of Courtney Richmond. Her scream was short lived though, as a 
large hand clamped over her mouth from behind.
   
                            =======  *  =======
   
  The make-up women was busy arranging some clothes on a table behind 
Mariko. All she could make out over her shoulder while one of the women was 
showing the outfit to the other was a brown tweed blazer. She could hear 
the make-up women commenting about how clever the design was and how it 
should hold "This little one." quite nicely, but she couldn't twist around 
enough to see. Mariko didn't like the looks (or rather sound) of this so 
she decided it was time to take a chance and speak up.
 "Excuse me, I don't want to interrupt your fun, but I think you should 
know that I really look terrible in tweed." Mariko said. 
Both women stopped their chatting and turned to Mariko. 
 "Did you say something, Dear?" the make-up woman asked pleasantly.
 "Why yes!" Mariko said somewhat surprised to finally get some recognition 
around this place. "I said that I think I look awful in tweed jackets." 
The tall woman walked slowly around to face Mariko. She pleasantly brushed 
a stray hair missed by the braiding out of her face and then leaned forward 
until she was nose to nose with Mariko and hissed, 
 "Who cares what YOU think, Doll?" 
Mariko couldn't miss the innuendo as she sat naked in front of these two 
women, about to be dressed just like a toy. 
 "Will we be needing any cotton today Dear?" The make-up women asked Mariko 
over her shoulder.
She simply shook her head. She was defeated for now. The dressing could 
begin.
  First came a crisp, white cotton shirt that was quickly slipped over her 
unfastened hand which was immediately reconnected to the chair arm. Then 
the unfastening process was repeated with the other arm and Mariko had to 
shift her weight to accommodate the twisting of her arm behind her to get 
it into the other sleeve. They then buttoned the shirt up the front all 
except the top two buttons. Mariko was unpleasantly surprised by the 
condition of the shirt, two oblong holes had been cut and hemmed neatly in 
the front of the shirt were there could have been pockets. Out of these 
strategically placed openings pointed her firm little breasts. Whoever had 
laundered the shirt had obviously had a fetish for starch because both the 
collar and cuffs were a consistency reminiscent only of cardboard. The two 
women were busy carefully arranging the French cuffs of the shirt and 
tittered pleasantly as they used tiny padlocks for cuff links. ("A little 
bondage chic." thought Mariko) Next came a yellow wool, V-neck sweater-vest 
and they, after quite a tussle, slipped it over Mariko's head. "We're sorry,
this isn't really traditional, its just in case its a little chilly out 
there." They explained with subitle grins that made Mariko even more un- 
comfotable then her new apparel. The sweater was a little bit scratchy 
where it rubbed against Mariko's nipples but it was bearable. Next came the
blazer, Mariko calmly cooperated as they threaded her arms into the stiff 
jacket. When her hands were re-secured to the chair the tall women opened 
her blazer up and began fishing around in the left armpit of the blazer, 
and Mariko, who was  extremely ticklish, had to fight hard to keep from 
squirming. Finally the woman produced a thin piece of wire with a clasp on
the end. This, she fed into the left arm hole of the sweater, across 
Mariko's chest and then out the other arm hole. She then fiddled in the 
opposite arm pit for a moment and yanked the wire. Mariko then realized 
what was happening. Sewn into the shoulders of the blazer was a horizontal
figure "eight" of leather with the cross of the "eight" in the center of 
her back. Her arms fit through the holes in the "eight" before going into 
the blazer's sleeves. The wire was attached at the top and bottom of the 
"eight" and once it was connected Mariko would not be able to remove the 
jacket without first undoing the wire. Had Mariko been able to peek behind 
herself, she would have seen that there had been a triangular section about
four inches wide removed from the jacket at about her shoulder blade level.
This triangle was reinforced with leather around the edge of the opening 
and had a small metal clip hanging loosely out of it. The tall woman 
continued to work, diligently trying to connect the wire when, finally, 
there was a small "click" as the two ends of the wire connected. 
  The two women soon set their attentions on Mariko's next piece of 
apparel, this turned out to be a set of black leather riding gloves. Not 
normal gloves as you may expect, Mariko had no doubt that they would be 
unique. Once they were worked onto her hands she discovered that the skin 
tight gloves had no thumbs, rather, the thumb was part of the side of the 
glove. Although she could wiggle her fingers freely, her thumbs for all 
practical purposes were gone! The two women used button hooks to close the 
tops of the gloves around her wrist. 
  They produced a pair of steel handcuffs and locked one on Mariko's right 
wrist. Then they unlocked her left wrist from the chair and twisted it to 
meet the other hand where it was locked up in the loose handcuff. They 
removed the chair's bracelets from her hands and replaced them on the chair 
arms ready for the next dressing session. Mariko now sat with her wrists 
securely handcuffed behind her back and her feet still locked to the chair. 
When the tall women stepped quickly behind her and pulled her hands up 
suddenly between her shoulder blades and clipped them to the hook in the 
back of her jacket. Mariko found that any leverage she could have hoped to 
have was gone.
  The make-up woman glanced at her watch and said to the other woman "Its 
almost 7:30! We had better finish her up! Would you hand me her tie?" 
The other woman grunted and handed her a strip of bright red cloth and then 
took a firm grip on Mariko's ponytail.
 "We're gonna make sure your completely tied up doll... Get it? *TIED* up?" 
The make-up lady then buttoned up the top two buttons of the shirt, and 
slipped the necktie under the collar and around Mariko's neck. She then 
carefully knotted the tie, it took her three tries to get it right, and 
slid it up tight to Mariko's neck and tucked the necktie neatly into her 
sweater. She fumbled around in her pockets for a moment and produced a 
little gold collar bar which she clipped to both sides of her collar under 
the necktie knot.
 "What's that for?" asked the tall woman.
 "Allison likes them, she calls them tie locks. She had me put one on 
Sweetcakes when she took her riding a couple of weeks ago, Sweetcakes rode 
all day, then spent the night hogtied in bed and her tie wasn't even 
crooked in the morning." replied the make-up woman.
 "Pardon me, but this doesn't fit right, it's awfully tight." Mariko 
gulped, (or tried to, it wasn't easy because of the collar.) 
The make-up woman tucked a bright red, lace hanky into Mariko's breast 
pocket and pined a carnation to her blazer lapel.
 "Your comfort doesn't matter to us, My dear," She said as she worked. 
"The only thing that is important is that you look presentable while you
are with your mistress." 
Using a small safety pin she pined the key to Mariko's handcuffs to her 
necktie, just below the knot but hopelessly out of reach of Mariko's 
wandering fingers.
 "There, finished," said the make-up woman as she stepped back to admire 
her handiwork. "You look so cute!" she squealed to Mariko as she pinched 
her cheek and gave her tie one last primp. "Allison's just gonna eat you 
up!"  
  "More likely it'll be the other way 'bout!" added the tall woman as 
she turned towards the door with the other woman.
 "Wait a minute, aren't you forgetting something?" asked Mariko.
 "Oh really! can't you be at all patient?.." said the make-up woman with an 
exasperated tone "There'll be someone along presently who'll gag you...
Can't you wait until then?"
 "No, No!" Mariko stammered, "Pants, you forgot my PANTS!"
 "Oh, you obviously haven't seen them yet, have you?" said the tall woman 
with a smile as she shut the door.

B&D Academy 
Chapter 1.    Part 2 of 2

  Shortly, the door opened and in marched the three guards. They walked 
around her and began to fumble with the riding britches. Mariko tried to 
turn to see them but she found that this was not a comfortable feat with 
the tight, starched collar and tie. First, one girl took hold of Mariko's 
ponytail and pulled back on it forcing her to lean back. The other two 
pulled short nylon stockings on her feet then pushed her feet into the legs 
of the britches. They had to remove the ankle cuffs one at a time to yank 
the pants up to Mariko's knees. Even when the pants were at her knees 
Mariko knew that they were going to be very tight, but soon her mind was 
elsewhere. One of the girls came around where Mariko could see her new 
riding boots. They were made of very shiny black patent leather with heels 
that were about 5 inches high and no thicker at the bottom then a pencil. 
The girl was examining the heel more closely and pointed out a curious 
metal threading something like a screw starting about one inch from the tip 
of the heal and continuing about another inch up the heel. The three girls 
(or four if you count Mariko) examined the heels for a moment then shrugged 
it off and began trying to put the boots on poor Mariko. Every stitch she 
wore until then had fit her like a glove but these boots were a different 
story, they were much too small, at least one size, maybe two. Mariko tried 
to explain this fact to the guards, loudly! The guard holding her hair put 
a stop to that nonsense with a hand pressed firmly over her mouth. The 
others pulled, tugged, crammed and finally forced her feet into the boots. 
They pulled the little straps up and around her calf and put small padlocks 
at the top so the boots couldn't be removed without the key which was added 
to the handcuff key pined to her tie. 
  They stood Mariko up and then re-applied themselves to pulling up the 
britches. When the pants were just below her crotch they stopped and one of 
them went over to the table and returned with a small velvet box. When she 
opened it, Mariko tried her best to bolt for the door and would have made 
it except for the high heels and the fact that a guard still had a firm 
grip on her hair. As it was she made it a grand total of about 1 inch. 
Mariko begged and pleaded with these girls but they paid no attention to 
her. As the girl with the box removed three shiny steel ball bearings and 
came towards Mariko with a slight hint of a smile on her face, the other 
one bent down and grabbed her ankles and forced them as far apart as the 
tight britches would allow. The first girl quickly and efficiently inserted 
the Ben-Wa balls and then pressed the crotch of the britches into place to 
insure that the balls wouldn't pop out. The other two redoubled their 
efforts at pulling the pants into place. Mariko suddenly realized that the 
crotch of the pants had been lined with rubber and this, combined with the 
built in tightness of the pants, was forcing the balls even deeper inside 
her. They zipped up the britches and Mariko could already feel the rubber 
doing its best to warm things up. She barely noticed the "click" of the 
lock insuring that she would be wearing the riding britches for some time 
to come. A wire hobble of about 18 inches was added to small rings on the 
inside of the ankles of her boots. The hobble was really unnecessary 
because there was no way Mariko could possibly run in these boots, in fact 
she was surprised she could even stand. 
  Lastly came the riding hat, a derby. Mariko had no delusions about this 
at all. They plunked the black velvet hat down on her head and a whole 
bunch of matching leather straps fell around her cheeks. The main strap, 
which one of the girls was trying to apply to her mouth was connected to a 
steel bit type of arrangement which popped easily into her startled mouth 
when she gasped as one of the girls attempted to rearrange her Ben-Wa balls 
from the outside. The steel bit passed between her teeth and drew her lips 
back at the corners as the straps were tightened securely at the back of 
her neck under her ponytail. In the center of the bit was a hard rubber pad 
that extended forward under the bit, right up to the back of her lower 
teeth. Right behind the bit the rubber was softer and curled upwards 
squishing itself against the roof of her mouth. As it worked out the gag 
was inserted perfectly the first time, the lower pad crushed her tongue 
against the floor of her mouth and the upper rubber had plenty of room to 
expand should she try to open her mouth any further. Mariko was limited in 
that regard because of the tightness of the bit in her mouth where it 
pulled her cheeks back cruelly. Mariko heard the small click of the lock at 
the back of her neck and the key to her gag was added to the growing 
collection dangling from her necktie and our little equestrienne was ready 
her canter.
  Mariko was shoved roughly out the door and into the hall. The guards 
were content to let her stumble along at her own awkward pace down the 
corridor. Suddenly a door to her right flew open and Mariko found herself 
face to face with Courtney. Her heart sank as she looked at her friend who 
was done up in exactly the same fashion as Mariko except her color was 
blue, Navy for the blazer, light blue for the sweater and her tie was blue 
plaid complete with the keys pinned neatly in place. The two prisoners 
didn't have any time to exchange sympathetic glances as they were marched 
awkwardly down the hall. The only sound that followed them was the high 
pitched click of their heels on the concrete floor and the merry jingle of 
the dangling keys. They were then bundled into an elevator and taken up to 
the main level of the estate and after another seemingly endless stroll, 
they were taken to a door that led outside, the first time they had been 
outside since they had been brought here. Given a choice, Mariko would have 
hoped that their exit would have been a little more dignified. 
  They walked down a long stone walkway to where they saw the make-up 
woman standing on the edge of the white stone driveway. When they arrived 
the make-up lady made them stand for an inspection, adjusting here and 
primping there. They then were forced to parade back and forth so she could 
"Get a good look at you" and apparently satisfied, she dismissed the guards 
who returned to the house. Mariko looked around herself in disbelief as 
various maintenance people busied themselves around the grounds. They paid 
no more attention to the two bound and gagged girls then they would to a 
couple of secretaries out on their lunch hour. Mariko wondered if this 
sight could be more commonplace around here then she ever imagined. She 
shuddered at the possibilities. Presently, a golf cart came bouncing up the 
dirt road and came to a stop in front of the three women. A large man in 
filthy coveralls smelling distinctly of manure stepped out of the cart and 
asked the make-up woman,
 "Are Deez Dem?"
 "No," Mariko thought, "It's two of the other sixteen girls standing around
in ridiculous looking riding outfits wearing handcuffs and gags."
The make-up woman assured the man that they were indeed the girls he was 
looking for and then stepped back. He guided Mariko and Courtney to the 
back of the golf cart then carefully seated them there, facing the rear. 
Mariko was so relived to be off her already sore feet that she barely 
noticed as he fiddled with their hobbles and yanked on one end causing a 
slip knot device on the wire to tighten, pulling the girl's ankles snugly 
together. The make-up lady bent down where the girls could easily see her 
and said, 
 "You two have a nice day and I'll see you this evening... bye-bye!" 
She turned and then without looking back, walked into the house. The man 
spent a moment or two talking about the weather with the gardener who was 
trimming a nearby hedge, then, whistling a little off key tune, he jumped 
into the drivers seat and turned the cart around and headed off towards the 
distant stables with two very nervous, very uncomfortable, passengers 
aboard.
  The ride seemed longer the it really was for the girls as they were 
roughly bounced about by the bumpy dirt road they were being shuttled down. 
Soon they were passing huge exercise pens bordered with white stock yard 
fences surrounding bright green manicured lawns. Most of the pens were 
occupied by varying numbers of beautiful horses prancing about, some being 
attended by grooms others free to run about. Mariko couldn't help but 
notice how idyllic it all appeared, and what a distinct contrast it was to 
their present situation. 
  Mariko squirmed in her bonds for a moment... testing... hoping the man 
driving wouldn't notice. (He didn't) But it didn't matter, she wasn't going 
to get loose now, not a chance. She only prayed that someone would make a 
mistake and give her an opening for escape. Just a crack, That was all she 
would need! She could crawl miles to escape, run through streams to throw 
off the scent of the dogs that were sure to be sent after her. Duck the 
searchlights! (Hey! this is getting pretty darn exciting!) Then she could
climb that last fence and make it to freedom! The golf cart came to a 
sudden stop and Mariko's momentum made her bump against the back of the 
seat, causing her handcuffs to click a notch tighter.
 "Shit, So much for fantasy. Back to reality..." She thought.
  There was certainly more interest here then back at the house. Several 
trainers walked by slowly, really taking in our heroines predicament.
 "Hey babe, Goin' Riiiidin'?!" One called out teasingly as he walked by. 
Mariko tried to meet their stares, but almost immediately she found herself 
staring at the ground behind the cart trying to make herself as small as 
possible. The driver was writing something on a pad in the cart and when he 
was finished he walked to the back of the cart and easily hoisted Mariko 
over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. With one hand on her rump for 
balance, he walked towards the nearby barn. As he neared the door he 
stopped a man who was passing by.
 "Yo Karl! Ya got a butt?!"
 "Waddya Talkin' about, You already have one right there!" replied Karl 
motioning to all he could see of Mariko.
The big man fumbled in his pockets for a moment.
 "No I don't, I haven't got any smokes." Replied Mariko's chauffeur.
 "I don't believe this!" Mariko couldn't help say out loud... All that came 
out was "Eh Dt Bleh Tds!" though, and nobody paid any attention.
 "Here take one of mine Lou." Karl said as he lit the cigarette for Lou.
"Palmer's going riding today, huh Lou?... Can I have a look?"
 "Sure..." Lou replied as he turned around and Mariko found herself staring 
right into the face of Karl, another stable hand.
 "Man, what a waste, This ones a ten too, Just like the others!" 
This was definitely the most bizarre compliment Mariko ever had, and 
hopefully ever would, receive.
 "You have a good time now Ya'ear" Karl said as he walked away. 
Mariko just wished people would stop telling her to have fun in this 
screwed up place. 
  Lou carried her into the barn and walked over to a horse stall in the 
corner. There he bent over and placed her on her feet in the straw in the 
middle of the stall. He squatted down and loosened Mariko's hobble out to 
about six inches, enough for her to shuffle about in the stall and that was 
about it. He stepped out of the stall and closed the gate, then turned to 
Mariko and said
 "I suggest dat ya don't try ta sit down, caus' ya might get dirty. Unda 
stand?"
 "Yes, I understand!" Mariko tried to reply, But all she said was "Yth Eh 
Nudthd!".
 "What?"
 "Ydth! NI! Nudthsss!" (She drooled a little).
 "What?"
 "FHth YYn Athhl!" (She drooled a lot).
 "Sorry Honey, can't understand what ya is saying." With that, he turned 
around and walked out to get Courtney. Mariko shuffled over to the gate and 
looked longingly at the latch. It was outside, she was inside... No way.
 "Shthh!"
  Mariko craned her neck and tried to look down, then she bent her head and 
rubbed her chin against her necktie. She could feel the keys with her chin
but there was no way she could reach them with her hands. The keys were so
so close, yet so maddeningly far...
  "Shthh!" 
Almost immediately Lou returned with Courtney under his arm and deposited 
her in next to Mariko. Then he closed the gate and left. Escape, although 
it certainly entered both girls minds was out of the question. They stood 
as close as they could to each other trying to embrace the only comfort 
they had in this crazy world. The comfort would not last very long.
  Lou returned carrying two small English saddles and blankets and dropped 
them in front of the stall. Then he called out to another man who was 
walking by the doors,
 "Hey, Joe! Do me a favor an get Thunder an' Cyclone for me will ya!" 
Thunder!!!... Cyclone!!!!!... Mariko and Courtney looked at each other in 
terror! Lou didn't seem to notice though, as he brought out a large crate 
and put it on the floor in front of the gate. Then he sat down on it and 
fiddled with one of the saddles. Joe appeared suddenly pulling two gigantic 
horses, one black, the other brown. He tied the brown one to a post and led 
the black one over to the crate and helped Lou saddle it. The horse snorted 
but didn't resist much. Mariko just couldn't get over how big it was! Joe 
held the reins as Lou walked into the stall. Courtney panicked and bolted 
as Lou approached her, shuffling as fast as she could for the corner of the 
stall. Unfortunately, her mincing steps of six inches was no match for 
Lou's stride. He simply took hold of the back of her pants and spun her 
around and steered her towards the gate. Mariko backed away into the other 
corner. Lou picked Courtney up and stood her on the crate next to the horse 
and removed the hobble connecting her ankles. Then, with one motion, he 
stepped up on the crate, grabbed Courtney by the back of the jacket and the 
seat of the pants and deposited her in the saddle.
 "Hey, there little lady," Joe drawled, "Cyclone's a real good horse, why 
he ain't thrown nobody for a couple of weeks now!"
Courtney was whimpering audibly. Joe continued,
 "Just don't show him your afraid, an' whatever you do, don't make any 
sudden movements to spook him!"
Courtney's body went absolutely ridged, not so much as a breath passed her 
lips as the men finished up their work. They put her feet into the stirrups 
and then Mariko saw what those curious screw things on their heels were 
for. Lou carefully guided Courtney's heel into a hole on the stirrup and 
pushed it down until the screw threads came out the bottom. He produced a 
wing nut from his pocket and tightened the nut on the threads, thus 
preventing Courtney from pulling her foot out of the stirrup. He walked 
casually to the other side of the horse an repeated the procedure. Joe took 
the reins and led Cyclone to the side and tied the horse to another post. 
Courtney still hadn't moved a muscle. While Joe was getting Thunder into 
position beside the crate Lou turned to Mariko and said,
 "Don't keep us waitin' sweetie". 
  It didn't take a kick in the head for Mariko to realize the futility of 
resistance. She put her head down to watch where she was going and shuffled 
forward. By the time she arrived at the crate Thunder was saddled and 
waiting. The closer and closer she got to her mount the more and more 
amazed she got at just how big horses really get and just how much she 
didn't want to see how big it was from the horse's back. Lou settled any 
doubts she might have had by grabbing her and swiftly depositing her in the 
saddle.  Momentarily, her feet were secured in the stirrups and Joe 
cautioned,
 "Remember, No sudden movements."
The warning was unnecessary as Mariko had been following Courtney's lead 
from the moment she hit the saddle.
 "Remember Girls, Don't spook them!" Joe said as he walked away chuckling. 
Lou took both sets of reins and led the reluctant equestriennes out of the 
barn.
  The sound of hoof beats thundered up from behind the girls. Neither 
dared turn to look but their eyes flashed back and forth desperately trying 
for a glimpse of anything
 "Yo Ho, you two! I see your right on time!" Allison called from behind. 
Both girls stared straight ahead.
 "What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?" Allison loved bad puns... 
She slowly coaxed her mount around where her new playmates could see her. 
Allison was dressed in a old red flannel shirt with a white thermal T-shirt 
under it, Jeans, Cowboy boots and a beat-up ten-gallon hat. She slowly rode 
her horse around the girls, checking them out and teasing them a little,
 "I've got the lunch, The wine, Plenty of rope, I can't think of anything 
else we could need for our picnic. Can you?" 
She reached back into her saddle bag and removed an expensive looking 
camera and took a dozen or so photos of the girls from various angles.
 "For my album." Allison explained. 
On the third time around she noticed that the only time her little pets 
were looking at her was when she was directly in front of them. She 
suddenly stopped short in front of the two girls who sat rigidly in their 
saddles. Allison leaned forward and examined her captives faces closely.
"They told you the horses names, didn't they?" Both girls nodded ever so 
slightly. A smile broke across her face and she burst into laughter. Both 
horses were startled and both riders screamed into their gags but neither 
horse moved. Allison slowly began to regain control of herself.
 "Their names are a joke you dummies! These are two big marshmallows!... 
They wouldn't hurt a fly! They've done this same thing hundreds of times. 
You can scream and struggle or anything you want and they won't move, 
they're completely trained!"
 It took a moment, but then both girls realized that their captor was 
really telling the truth. They both slumped in the saddles.
 "Look at me!" Allison ordered and both visibly relieved girls complied.  
"There are about a million and one things I am going to do to you two. And 
I plan on doing each and every one to you at my leisure... Alison then 
cerimoniously leaned over, and flicked the button holding Mariko's blazer 
closed. The jacket then fell open framing her sweatered breasts rather then
supporting them. The wire under her sweater insured that the jacket was 
staying on. She winked at Mariko then and then repeated the drill on
Courtney. I don't want to *TERRIFY* you... just terrorize you! And just 
remember, I won't need to hurt you to accomplish that." With that, 
Allison reached down and untied the reins from the post and tied them 
to her pommel.
 "Ready for some fun in the sun girls? What do ya say to a gallop!" Allison 
shouted as she spun her horse about and headed for the trail with Mariko 
and Courtney about to begin the ride of their lives.

** END OF CHAPTER 1 **




              B & D  ACADEMY
              By  SNIDLEY

               CHAPTER 2


  The gallop only lasted a few hundred yards but that was more then
enough for Mariko and Courtney. It was all they could do to hold on by
pressing their knees into the sides of the saddle. The stirrups were
attached to the saddle with stiff, leather covered Fiberglas pieces. The
use of these were two fold, one was so that the girls could not pull
their feet upwards to try to get at their boots but also so that they
would have a firm base to hold on to as they didn't have any hands to
grip the reins. They were left with enough leg room so they could stand
and sit in the saddle as need be during the ride. Both girls became adept at
this very quickly. ("Natural riders." as Allison was to say.)
 "Isn't it exhilarating to do that!" Allison shouted to the girls as she
reined her horse down to a trot, with Thunder and Cyclone instantly
responding to the change of pace of Allison's gray mount. Mariko nodded
weakly in response but Courtney didn't respond at all because she was too busy
screaming and struggling to hear the question. Under the circumstances Allison 
didn't seem to mind.
  The horses trotted on along a trail laid out through rolling hills and
past thick woods. The early morning air was still brisk from the night
and the last remnants of dew was evaporating in the sun. Allison was in
her glory in this environment, the great outdoors, on top of her favorite
horse, the quiet of the countryside, her own personal captive audience to
listen to her lectures about everything from corporate takeovers to the proper way
to prepare tea. Allison seemed to have opinions on everything, (even things
she knew very little about) and she always loved a good
argument, so long as she won. She found the best way to always come out
on top was to be sure that her opponent was just like Mariko and
Courtney, intelligent, eloquent, confident, informed, and securely
gagged and bound. It understandably took some of the challenge away, but Allison
preferred the sure thing, winning at any cost was more her style. So
Allison began her lecture about everything, after informing her new
pupils that there would be a quiz when they got back. Mariko glanced
over at Courtney, she had recovered from the gallop quite well and was busy
looking around at the countryside. Eventually, Courtney glanced back at
Mariko and then their eyes met. Courtney motioned at Allison's back with her
eyes then scowled at her and rolled her eyes in Mariko's direction. Mariko
was relieved that her friend had not gone off the deep end as she had
feared. Mariko tried to smile to her friend in return but the bit gag was so
tight she couldn't do much more then change the grimace on her
face slightly. Courtney nodded in return and she grimaced too, then
rolled her eyes again about the futility of it all.
  The girls were having a wonderful time as the horses plodded along,
making faces at Allison's back as she continued to preach about
everything. They always managed to be quick enough to look attentive
every time Allison would turn around to emphasize a point but after a
time they tired of this game and kind of retreated into themselves and
their misery. The Ben-Wa balls were causing Mariko untold discomfort. As
a result of her exertion while they had endured their gallop, the balls
had slid down enough so that one was exposed to the rubber of the pants. Every
time Mariko would miss a beat on the motion of the horse she would hit the
saddle hard, it sent quivers from one ball to the other, then to the other and
then of course, to her. Something like those toys that used to be a common
fixture on corporate president's desks. The stimulation
was having the disconcerting effect of making her body betray her. She
had expected no less. And really, the sensations weren't all THAT
unpleasant! Just very distracting. The rubber lining on the britches
held everything in so combination of her perspiration and arousal was making
things pretty warm, wet and squishy. Yep, really, really distracting...  On the
other hand, when they had first put the shirt on her, she had
figured that the breast holes were there for the obvious reason. Then
when they had put the sweater on her covering the holes she was totally
confused. Now though, she was beginning to realize their true function.
Although Mariko had never been particularly well endowed in the breast
department, She had always needed to wear a bra. Now, without a bra, on
a bouncing horse, her boobs were having a field day, moving up and down
with the motion of her mount. With each upward motion her nipples slid
upwards across about three inches of Shetland wool. Then they followed
the same path downward, then upward, then downward. At first this was
not so bad, the stimulation caused her nipples to harden and become very
sensitive. (a somewhat pleasant situation when combined with what was
going on between her legs.) But soon she had had more then enough of the
wool, but the horse continued along the trail. Upward, then downward went the
horse, upward and downward she went. Her nipples began to get very
sensitive as the sweater seemed to get coarser and coarser. Upward,
downward. Soon, it became almost unbearable, Mariko tried every position
she could think of to move her breasts away from the clingy sweater but none
helped. Mariko was sure the tips of her nipples were being slowly
scratched away, she expected to see blood any moment but it didn't
appear. She looked over at Courtney and could clearly see a tear roll
down her cheek, No matter how much discomfort Mariko was in, she
realized that Courtney was even in worse shape as her breasts clearly bounced
four or five inches. Mariko could only close her eyes and wish that they
would get where they were going, but her wishes weren't going to be
granted for some time, they just continued to bounce along, Up and down,
up and down...
  The equestrians eventually reached the top of a hill were Allison
stopped her monologue and all three horses. From this vantage point the
three girls could look down to a small, sheltered pond, surrounded by
rocky outcroppings and moderately thick woods. Mariko and Courtney were
just grateful to stop and relieve the rubbing on their tingling tits and were
not very interested in admiring the view. Allison broke the silence,  "I
just love this place, whenever I need to be alone I pack up a lunch, and head out
here. Just to swim and think and relax." Mariko wondered for a moment if Allison 
considered herself alone right now. 
 "C'mon!" she said, as if the girls weren't going to follow one way or
the other. She prodded her mount down the trail towards the lake. She
stopped at a small grassy clearing that was among the trees surrounding
the lake. From horse back it was possible to see the lake about 100 yards
away but standing on the ground it was unlikely that they would get that view.
Allison moved the horses under the limbs of a huge tree. Then,
standing up in her saddle, she reached up above her head and searched
among the leaves for something. This produced the end of a rope that
looped over a pulley that was attached to the tree limb in a secure
notch. Allison backed her horse up next to Mariko and tied the end of
the rope to the clip on her back. She then rode her horse over to another tree
and tied it there with Courtney's horse still tied to the pommel. Allison
approached Mariko and removed the wing nuts from her heels and lifted her feet out
of the stirrups. Mariko moved and stretched her legs for the
first time in almost two hours, careful not to spook the horse. Allison
was all business as she walked to the other end of the concealed rope and
pulled on it until it was taut. "Get ready!" She called to Mariko as she
resumed pulling slowly on the rope. Mariko braced herself as well as she could.
By pulling down with her fettered hands she could take some of the stress
off her shoulders, but she would not be able to keep this up very long. When she
was about six inches above the saddle, Allison tied the
rope off and hurried over to move Thunder. Mariko dangled about six feet
in the air turning slowly. Her eyes were clamped tightly shut and she
barely noticed Allison return and put the hobble back between her feet.
Finally, Allison lowered her slowly to the ground. She untied the rope
from the clip and escorted Mariko over to a grassy patch by another tree
and tightened her hobble to two inches, but left her standing.
 "Don't go away!" she warned with a wagging finger as she turned to look
after Courtney.
  The two girls stood stiffly at attention as Allison graciously
attended their disheveled clothing, tugging Mariko's jacket down and
straightening Courtney's tie and sweater.
 "You can dress them up, but you can't take them anywhere!" Allison
scolded with a smirk, she had caused all the problems with her unique
dismounting technique. She then went over to her horse, leaving the
girls standing under the tree, and returned with a check tablecloth and two
picnic baskets. She spread the cloth on the ground at the girls feet and
sat down. She rummaged about in one of the baskets and pulled out a
bottle of wine and a glass. Using a corkscrew she opened the bottle and
pored herself a glass of the wine and took a long sip.
 "Ahh! I needed that!" she said as she laid back and looked up at the
two girls who looked longingly at the wine. (or probably anything else wet.)
"You can have some of this when and if I say! and not before!" Allison
said, then continued "We do have something to discuss now though..."
With that, Allison opened the other picnic basket and removed four
pieces of thin cord. She looped one around Courtney's right knee and then put it
around Mariko's left knee. When it was tied off both girls had one knee welded
to her partners other knee, left knee to right. Then Allison
tightly tied their matching ankles together. They were prepared for a
three-legged race... Almost. Allison tied a cord around their elbows
where they touched then added another cord from one outside elbow to the other
across both of their chests pulling them together. She then knelt and
loosened the hobbles out to 10 inches or so.
 "Follow me please!" She said as she walked over to her horse. Mariko
and Courtney tried to obey but they found that the awkwardness of their
bondage combined with their high heels on the grass made movement almost
impossible. Allison returned to where the two Siamese twins were trying
to develop some coordination and stood before them with her feet spread
wide and her hands behind her back.
 "So! you're going to be disobedient too!" she said.
Both girls tried to apologize profusely, but all they could manage was a
little blubbering through their gags.
 "No, no, it's all right, I understand about this position..." She said
comfortingly to the girls. "What I really want to discuss..." Allison
said with an air of confidentiality, "... is how impolite it is to make
fun of someone behind their back... especially considering your
position!" Mariko and Courtney could feel the color drain from their
face as Allison waved her riding crop in front of their faces for emphasis. It
looked like this was going to be a awfully one-sided discussion... SNAP!

  Allison spent about fifteen minutes walking around the girls
alternately snapping them with the crop and scolding them on their
behavior during their trip here. She seemed to relish the bound girl's
futile attempts at dodging her crop. She would fake, and the two girls
would stumble into each other while trying to swing their rears out of
harms way, usually hopelessly too late. While they were trying
desperately to regain their balance, Allison would strike. Each sharp
*SNAP* was followed by a thoroughly satisfying, although muffled, grunt.
Music to Allison's ears. This was turning out to be a lovely day. After a
flurry of whacks on their derrieres, Allison suddenly, cheerfully,
said "Let's have some lunch!" and started preparing the meal. After
securing our heroines first, of course.
  The two hapless girls knelt on the edge of the picnic blanket as
Allison prepared the meal. Mariko was thankful that Allison had forced
them to kneel for now because she didn't think her rear end could take
anymore abuse. First the damn saddle then the riding crop. (She didn't
want to think about the ride home.) Mariko and Courtney were still tied
exactly the same way they had been for their discussion, but with with
one exception. They were still joined at the ankles, knees and elbows,
but now their hobbles were tightened as well.
  The food looked terrific at any rate. Mariko was famished from her
busy day so far. She could tell that Courtney shared her feelings from
the rumbling sound that came from her stomach. Allison opened the basket
and removed a plate of cold chicken, browned to perfection, A plate of
potato salad followed, and some thinly sliced lean ham. From a small
container of fruit salad she plucked out a melon ball and popped it into
her mouth. Mariko could almost taste it! She pulled a Thermos of hot
coffee out of the basket and set it aside as she casually sipped on her
wine. Other condiments followed, some crispy celery, some sharp Cheddar cheese
and crackers.
  "Please, anything, something!" Mariko thought as she could feel
Courtney leaning forward a little, hoping to get at least a sniff of the
delicious food. Out popped a tiny tin of caviar and some crab meat.
 "Crab meat!!! Oh, that's my favorite!!!" Mariko moaned to herself.
 Mariko could hardly control herself! Allison didn't seem to notice
though, as she took a chicken leg and daintily took a bite.
 "Hhmmmm... This is the life!" she said "Oh! I almost forgot you two...."
Allison actually blushed as she opened the basket up again and withdrew
two small square packages wrapped neatly in wax paper. She set them in
front of our two starving maniacs. Mariko could only stare in disbelief
at the two peanut butter and jelly sandwiches Allison had kindly provided for
her guests.
  Allison was on her third glass of wine when she finished her meal. She
slid across the blanket to where Mariko and Courtney knelt and fumbled
with the keys pined to their neckties. She removed one of the keys from
each girl and then went around behind them. Mariko's heart leaped at the
sound of the padlock on their gags being unlocked, she flinched when
Allison pulled it a little tighter to release the catch and she moaned
in relief when Allison pulled the bit out of her mouth and removed her
derby. Soon both girls knelt on the edge of the blanket opening and
closing their mouths and wiggling their tongues. Allison watched this
with amusement for a moment, then made the two bound girls open their
sandwiches with their own mouths before she began feeding her little
slaves the sandwiches. Both girls knew better then look the proverbial
"Gift Horse" in the mouth so they accepted the food gratefully and it
did do the trick, filling them up nicely. After a drink of water for each of
them, Allison sat back and poured herself another glass of wine and
began:
 "You two don't know how good you have it."
 "Oh sure!" thought Mariko. "This is almost paradise..."
 After having eaten and seeing Allison in a somewhat relaxed mood Mariko
decided to see if she could get herself a little more comfortable.
 "Allison, Please, I'm really having some trouble with this tie, it
really pinches and I can't breath very well and... and... couldn't you
just loosen it a little bit... Just for a minute... Please?" Mariko asked 
haltingly. Allison seemed to be getting a little drunk on the wine and Mariko
decided to take a calculated risk.
 "Oh, My! I'm terribly sorry, dear." Allison said as she reached out and
loosened the tie and unbuttoned the top button of Mariko's blouse.
Courtney looked over at Mariko in amazement.
 "Uhm, Mine's kind of tight too... Do you mind?" asked Courtney meekly.
"Don't be silly, I took the time to pick it out for you to wear in the
first place, do you actually think I'm going to take it off now just
because your a little bit uncomfortable?"
 "Well, I just thought I'd ask." replied Courtney, disappointed, but
relieved that at least for the moment Allison hadn't overreacted, but
hoping to change the subject... just in case. Allison took a sip of
wine. Then glanced at her watch.
 "There, your minutes' up!" she said cheerily to Mariko, and before
Mariko could even react, Allison had her buttoned up and knotted up even
tighter then before.
 "Oh, Swell..." thought Mariko grumpily.
 "You guy's don't get it, do you?" Allison continued. "I just love to
dress you all up like this. Nice and formal. suits, uniforms..., cute
little ties, I just think women are adorable all dressed up in these
style clothes. It just exaggerates how cute and vulnerable you look. Now
you are my little toys, just like little dolls to dress up anyway I want.
It's almost like you're a holiday present, all giftwraped with pretty
bows and layers of things that I get to unwrap. I just love that
thought. My only problem is that sometimes it's a bitch to find a tie that will
match your gag. You know?"
  "We should all have such problems..." thought Mariko.
 Allison began another lecture. About her career. She had started with
nothing and built an empire on her guts and determination. Allison
paused and leaned towards the girls. "The one thing that keeps you successful is
this..." She said as she tapped her finger on the side of her own head
for emphasis. "Brains, my dears, being a little ruthless and getting the
job done is what keeps you ahead in the world. That's the bottom line for a
man or woman regardless. Allison smiled like she was remembering
something pleasant. "See, I figured that out a long time ago, That's why
I am where I am today: The owner of a world wide corporation with so damn
much money that I don't know what to do with it all..." She said with a
snicker, (she just liked how that sounded.) "... and I use it to satisfy my every
whim. Look around you..." She said waving her arm to indicate
the land they had just traversed. "...all this is mine. And the way I
got it was by always staying one step ahead of everyone. I never let anyone
ever walk over me. In fact, anyone who ever did me wrong got squashed.
Nobody's ever stolen from me and got away with it. Ya know what I mean?"
Allison said as she leaned towards her captive audience and sneered
menacingly. "Now that you know a little more about me, how about you? Do
you two have anything you want to talk to me about? I think you might..."
Mariko briefly considered confessing, but Allison's demeanor didn't do a very
good job of convincing Mariko of her compassion. The loyalty she had for Ivan
Rasovitz was the main reason she had to hold out. He
must have discovered her disappearance by now, and would be coming to
save her very soon. She only felt bad because Courtney, an innocent
bystander, had gotten caught up in this. Mariko was pretty certain that
Allison really wasn't sure that they had even done anything. So Mariko
figured that if she kept her mouth shut, maybe they would both get out
of this mess pretty soon. She resolved that she would only confess to
prevent Courtney from taking the whole rap. Having known Courtney for as
long as she had Mariko was sure that she would understand, After all, If the
roles were reversed, she would try to help Courtney out of the jam. Allison
continued to closely examine both her captives faces. This only went to
show Mariko that she was still fishing for the truth.
 "Okay, fine... You two don't have anything to say now?" Both girls
looked at each other and then back at Allison.
 "We don't know what you want, really!" Courtney said.
 "That's all right... but I'll remind you that I have plenty of time...
ALL THE TIME IN THE WORLD!... If I remember, maybe I'll ask you about this
again next week!" said Allison, "In the mean time just remember, Ve 'Ave Vays
Uf Makik Vu Talk!!"
  Allison yawned and stood up,
 "I think I'll take that little swim now... You girls can take a nap
while I'm gone if you want." She took the knife from the blanket and cut
the cord binding Mariko and Courtney together. Both girls sighed with
relief as they were able to stretch out on their own. Allison allowed
them to sit next to each other while she hunted in the second basket for
something.
 "We do have to make sure nothing disturbs the tranquillity of this
place, Don't you agree?"
All Mariko could see was the four inch, foam rubber ball Allison had in
her hand.
 "You don't need that!" Mariko started, but Allison would have none of
it. Quick as a wink Allison pounced on her and pressed the ball against
her teeth. Mariko fought valiantly to defend the inner reaches of her
mouth from the relentless intruder but, in the end, it was to no avail.
As soon as the first bit of the foam passed between her teeth she was
finished. Allison worked and kneaded the foam until Mariko's mouth was
stuffed full of the spongy rubber. Then Allison grabbed a roll of three
inch wide adhesive tape and with trained fingers, slapped the end across
Mariko's startled mouth. She then pulled the tape taut and wound it all the way
around Mariko's head and back across her mouth again. This was
repeated three more times with each turn of the tape tighter then the
turn before. When she was finished Mariko's entire lower face was
covered by the tape. Her cheeks bulged above it and her jaw was distended under it
and she could barely make a peep. Courtney fought like a tiger and
Allison had a much harder time installing her gag then Mariko's, but
installed it was nevertheless. The two mute girls looked at their captor
who sat back to finish her fourth glass of wine. Allison picked up
everything except the blanket and put it in the basket which she then
tied to her horse.
 "Well, I'll be back in a while, You two take it easy." She said as she
untied the horses and led them down to the lake so they could drink.
Mariko waited until Allison had gone out of sight then she sat up and
began squealing frantically to Courtney,
"Td uboob orgnt td kne!!!!!!, Td uboob orgnt td kne!!!!"
It didn't take Courtney long to understand... The boob HAD forgotten the
key, The handcuff keys were still pinned to their ties! Here was the
crack they had been waiting for!
  It took some time but through some desperate (admittedly garbled)
communication they managed formulate a plan. At first they tried to
remove each other's gags but they couldn't get a grip on the tape with
their leather covered fingers so the continued as best as they could.
Mariko turned her back on Courtney who struggled up onto her knees. At
first Mariko attempted to pull Courtney's tie off so she could get the
keys. but unfortunately the safety pin was stuck through both ends of
her tie. There was barely an inch of give and Mariko was afraid that she
might end up strangling Courtney. On to plan "B". Courtney then tried
leaning forward trying to put the dangling keys within Mariko's reach.
Mariko had realized that she would have to do this entirely by feel
because if she turned her head much at all, her shoulders would follow
thus moving her hands away from the keys. Courtney wiggled close to
Mariko then leaned. Her balance was precarious to begin with and when
she lost it, both girls tumbled, Mariko onto her side and Courtney onto her
stomach. Fortunately, neither girl hurt herself so they struggled back up into
position to try again. This time Courtney came closer and when she leaned forward
she put her head against the back of Mariko's head. It
took a moment, but Courtney finally positioned the keys against Mariko's
hands. Without thumbs it was hard to get a good grip on the keys so
Mariko fiddled until she felt she had a good grip then she grunted to
Courtney who lunged backwards trying to rip the pin from the tie.
Instantaneously the key slipped from Mariko's fingers and Courtney was
in imminent danger of toppling over backwards, she managed to prevent this
but she over compensated forward and she crashed into Mariko and they
both toppled to the ground again. Another try resulted in the same
consequences and still no key. Mariko realized that eventually somebody
was going to get hurt this way, so as Courtney was repositioning herself for
yet another try (Stubborn girl! thought Mariko) Mariko turned around and
with a great deal of mumbling and eye flapping convinced Courtney to hold still
this time. Courtney returned to the position where Mariko
could get her hand on the pin. Mariko was becoming used to the gloves a
little and could even make out the pin's position between her fingers.
She got the pin between her first and second fingers and squeezed. The
sharp end of the pin moved a little inside it's sheath and Mariko felt a
wave of optimism come over her! Then the pin shifted in her grasp and she
lost it, but this would work! They tried six more times with each time
ending with the pin shifting in Mariko's grasp and re-closing. Eight
more tries failed, one where Courtney's curiosity got the best of her and she
tried to look down and this shift of weight pulled the key out of
Mariko's grasp.
 "MHmmlD MMmll!!!" Mariko scolded. Many more attempts failed and Mariko's
fingers were cramping up and her anger was building rapidly. Then, more
out of frustration then anything else she pinched hard and fast rather
then slowly and carefully as she had been and she herd the jingle of the
keys as they fell onto the blanket. She spun around and looked right into
Courtney's joyous, tape covered face. Both girls squealed with delight
and tried to hug each other without their hands.
  Mariko moved back and looked at the keys piled on the blanket. Luckily
the handcuff key was distinctive so she used her nose to push the other two
away from it. She then laid down on her back and felt around for the key. It
took a few moments in this awkward position before she managed to find the key
and get hold of it. When she had, she sat up and motioned
Courtney to lay down on her stomach on the blanket. When Courtney had
complied Mariko examined her cuffs. The tiny openings were facing
towards Courtney's feet so Mariko positioned herself across the small of
Courtney's back propped up on her elbows. The awkward position of her
own hands made manipulation of the key a formidable task and Mariko would
have given ten years of her life for the use of her thumbs, but she
pressed on. By pushing her hands as far out to the side as they would go
and by turning her head as far as it could go (ignoring the pull of the tape
on her skin) she was able to make out the key and keyhole at the
same time. Unfortunately, the closer the key got to the hole the more
difficult it was for her to see. For the last six inches she had to go
by best guess and it took many misses and several drops before she guessed
right. Success! This was it! Their escape was at hand! Many thoughts
raced through Mariko's mind, the first was of escape, but then a thought
crossed her mind, one of a little revenge before they got away. She
pictured Allison dangling by her heels from a tree as Courtney and
herself laughed and pushed her back and forth. Yes, revenge would be
sweet indeed. Mariko pushed these thoughts to the back of her mind as
she turned her concentration to turning the key. She got the key between her
first and second fingers and turned. She could see the cuff begin to
release and then, Joyously, when Courtney twisted her wrist, it popped
open! Free at long last!!! At that very instant, a slender hand reached
in past Mariko's head and pressed the cuff closed again before Courtney
could even pull her hand out. Allison plucked the key out of the lock,
easily avoiding Mariko's desperate efforts to stop her.
 "Not bad, Not bad at all!" Allison said looking at her watch. "32
minutes and 18 seconds. That's good enough for second place overall! AND
I have it all on film!" She said holding a portable mini video camera up
for the girls to see.
  Mariko couldn't take it anymore. She had told herself that she could
never cry in front of Allison but this was to much. Courtney was rolling
around like a mad woman, she had come so close, but for Mariko the tears were the
only release. As the two girls handled this setback in their own way Allison
was calmly fumbling in the pack she had with her.
 "Really, you two were terrific, you should be proud of yourselves. Most
of the time I get bored watching, but you two were amazing! It usually
takes twenty minutes just to decide who is going to untie who.
Fantastic!!" Allison pulled another blanket out of the pack and spread
it out on the ground under a tree about ten feet away from the one the girls
were on. She returned and dragged Courtney, who was calling Allison every name
she could think of, over to the other blanket and dropped her on it. Even
with the tight gag anyone could understand what Courtney was
attempting to say.
 "My, My!... such language! I can see we are going to have to have our
mouth washed out with soap tonight eh?" Allison scolded.  Courtney
couldn't have cared less, she kept up her tirade which was lost somewhere
between her brain and that soggy packing in her mouth (more likely the
latter). Allison shook her head as she pulled a long piece of rope from
her pack and threw it over the tree limb above Courtney's head. Allison
calmly pushed Courtney down on the blanket and rolled her onto her
stomach. Courtney could guess what was coming next but there was little
she could do about it. Allison ran the rope end through the clip holding her
hands and pulled the end down between her feet catching the shortened hobble
that pined her feet together and pulled back. Courtney looked like a pretzel
as her feet were pulled up within inches of her bound hands.
Allison tied the end of the cord off where Courtney couldn't possibly
reach then walked over to the blanket where Mariko sat still sobbing
softly. Allison knelt down and collected up the scattered keys then
looked at Mariko.
 "It's Okay" she said softly. "I would never have respected you at all
if you didn't at least TRY to get away. If it's any consolation, you never had
a chance. I've done this type of thing too many times before to screw up
now. That's why I changed your gags, With your mouths all taped up
there's no way you can use you teeth to bite the pins. As you can see, I
don't make mistakes."
  Allison returned to Courtney and re-pined the keys back on her tie,
then pulled on the free end of the rope taut and tied it off, thus
Courtney was doomed to remain in the tight hogtie with only her belly
resting on the ground for the time being. Allison returned to Mariko and
embellished her bondage with identical results.
 "Now that I'm sure that you two will stay out of mischief, I think I
will really take that swim now, Ciao!"
Mariko struggled around and watched Allison head back the same way she
had left earlier. She could hear Allison's steps recede from the camp
and she heard the rustling of her friend struggling with her restraints but
Mariko was just to exhausted to fight anymore today. The last thing she heard was
the cheerful singing of a bird before she was fast asleep.
  Mariko awoke to the sound of a horse whinnying. She was still bound as

tightly as she had been when Allison had left her. She looked around to
see Allison busily moving a horse into position to except a reluctant
rider again. Courtney stood on her tip toes, trying to relieve the
strain on her shoulders from the hoist rope. Mariko also noticed that Allison
had amused herself at Courtney's expense once again. Big, smiling lips
had been painted on the tape over her mouth with bright red lipstick.
When Cyclone was in position, Allison hoisted Courtney up and secured
her in the saddle. Allison returned to Mariko's side and began to loosen the
rope. "Did sweetie pie have a nice nappy?" Allison asked teasingly in baby
talk. Mariko chose not to respond.
 "C'mon! get up! I lost track of the time and we have to get back for
dinner! Lets go!" She shouted as she dragged Mariko over to the spot
where Courtney had, until recently, stood. She tied the hoist to Mariko's 
clip and plunked the riding derby back on her head. There was no time for
formalities as ten minutes later the three riders were on their way back
to the house.
  When they arrived at the stables only Lou remained to take the girls
down off the horses. He simply pulled them down (after removing the wing
nuts.) and stood them to one side as he took all three horses away.
Allison went over to the door and turned back to the two girls,
 "C'mon you two, I don't have time for your dawdling!" she said as she
motioned to the door with her head. Courtney went first and Mariko
despondently followed as the two girls followed Allison outside. Parked
right outside the door was a Rolls Royce silver shadow convertible.
Allison opened the door but prevented the two exhausted girls from
entering. She positioned both girls sided by side, with their stomach's
pressed against the rear fender of the car. She looped the ankle hobbles

through the rings again and pulled their legs together as tight as they
would go. Without a word she took hold of Courtney's shoulders and began to
push her towards the waiting door but suddenly it seemed she had
second thoughts. Allison looked at the gaping door then at Mariko and
Courtney and then at the rear of the car. She propped Courtney back
against the fender then reached into the car and pressed a small button
on the dashboard. Immediately the trunk popped open and both girls moaned
simultaneously as they realized exactly how they would be riding.
Allison half carried, half shoved the two girls into the trunk. In
answer to the two sets of misty, pleading eyes that looked up at her from the
trunk, Allison smiled.
 "Because I *enjoy* being a pain in the ass, that's why!" she said in
response to the unasked question as Mariko and Courtney were plunged
into the darkness of the trunk.


** END OF PART 2 **




              B & D  ACADEMY
              By  SNIDLEY

               CHAPTER 3

  The car ride was short and predictable. When the trunk was finally
opened Mariko was right where she had expected to be, just outside the
garage. Mariko blinked her eyes against the glaire of the setting sun
as she looked up at the three oriental guards. Mariko's personal
attendedents (Mariko began to think of them as her very own "Three
Stooges") pulled her out of the trunk and stood her up to loosen the
hobble. After they had her legs separated, she was pulled towards the
house leaving Courtney behind with Allison. The four girls entered
through a door in the side of the house and passed through the kitchen
where a large meal was being prepared. Once again, no one paid any
attention to Mariko's plight as she was quickly pushed out into the
hall leading to the elevator. Mariko's high heeled, riding boots made
almost no sound as she walked down the long, carpeted hall. (she was
surprised at how she was becoming accustom to walking in the boots)
When they stopped in front of the elevator and waited for it to
arrive, she was able to look past the guards and into a large hall
mirror at herself. She shook her head in disgust at her own naivete.
In the mirror stood the reflection of an exhausted looking, dust
covered girl with a rumpled riding outfit. Mariko looked at herself
and blushed with embarrassment as she examined the smiling, cherry red
lips carefully drawn on the tape sealing her own lips. It seems it
wasn't only Courtney who had received Allison's attention with the
lipstick.
  The guards pushed Mariko into her room and set about releasing her.
One of the girls took a strange pair of scissors out of her pocket.
They looked something like barbers scissors except the blades were
shorter and rounder and on the tip of one blade was a blunt flattened
area. The girl pushed this blunt part up between the tape and Mariko's
cheek and cut through the tape. After she had sniped through the tape
the stickiness of the tape kept it firmly plastered over Mariko's
mouth but most of the strain was gone. Meanwhile, another of the girls
unpinned the keys from Mariko's necktie and handed them to the third
girl who was, at that moment releasing the handcuffs from the clip
holding them in the center of Mariko's back. They deftly removed the
leather gloves from Mariko's hands and she savored the new found joy
of being able to wiggle her thumbs. At this point, one of the girls
spoke in halting English,
  "You make bath... 30 minutes all done. Okay? she said. Mariko
nodded, she was much too tired to fight.
  "We bring clothes later okay?" Mariko nodded again.
  "Fine, fine," she mumbled through the gag.
  With that, the guard with the keys placed them on the table and the
three girls turned and left the room. Mariko could hear them bolting
the door from the outside. Mariko slumped in one of the two small,
sturdy wooden chairs in the room and let her head drop to her chest
for a moment. Then her stubborn resolve began to surface again.
  "They aren't gonna break me!" she thought. "I'll never give in...
never tell them about Ivan and the formulas, even if they keep me like
this forever! Hmmnn, Forever... now that's an interesting thought..."
Mariko tried to visualize herself at eighty, the mental picture of
herself trying to blow out her birthday candles with a gag in her
mouth made her chuckle to herself. "Naw, it'd never happen. I'll bust
outa this joint before they know I'm gone!"
  Mariko suddenly realized that she was wasting precious time. A bath
would be wonderful, not to mention getting out of these horrible
clothes. She managed to pluck the handcuff key from the table with
surprising ease. With her thumbs free she made short work of the
handcuffs even with them still secured behind her back. She dropped
the cuffs and keys on the table and went after the tape that was wound
around her head. Mariko pulled the tape slowly off her mouth. As it
was, she felt her skin being pulled by the stubborn cling of the tape
but finally, as she reached the section over her lips and chin where
the adheasive was dampened by her own drool, the tape popped off her
mouth. She gingerly, with two fingers, pulled the gross, soggy mass of
foam rubber ball out of her mouth with an unintentional groan and
dropped it on the table after having second thoughts about the floor.
  "No telling when we'll meet again." she said to no one in
particular.
  She had a heck of a time pulling the tape from where it stuck to the
back of her neck. It was inevitable that the short thin hairs that
clung to the tape would go with it but at least Mariko could be more
gentle then the Three Stooges would have been. Next came the necktie,
Mariko took great pleasure in pulling it loose from her neck and she
savored the refreshing coolness of the air on her neck as she
unbuttoned the collar of the shirt.
  "I can't understand how men can stand wearing those things!" she
thought briefly.
  Mariko quickly removed the rest of her riding clothes stumbling only
on the wire holding her jacket closed. When she removed the sweater
vest she had expected that her nipples would surly be worn down to
nothing but they were completely unblemished somewhat to Mariko's
surprise, although they were a little bit more sensitive then usual.
They even began to stand at attention as the cool air from the room
caressed them. After she peeled off the riding britches she examined
the little pinch lines that had been caused by the overly tight rubber
lining. Mariko wondered if that was what a girdle felt like, if it
was, she just thanked heavens that she didn't live 20 years ago when
they were part of every woman's "uniform". At last, she was able to
get at the things that definitely were not part of every woman's
wardrobe. She examined the Ben-wa balls for a moment before putting
them on top of the sweater on the table.
  "Weren't these invented by the Japanese?" she wondered to herself,
then shrugged it off. "At least the day wasn't a total disaster..."
she smiled.
  As she had expected, the bath was heaven. The hot soapy water did
wonders on her tired aching muscles as it closed over her shoulders.
Mariko sat like this for some time, submerged up to her chin in the
tub as she studied her surroundings. She had not spent much time in
this room since she had arrived, only to sleep (although not always)
and to bathe. Up until then she had been forcibly bathed by the
stooges, this was the first time the bath was a pleasant experience.
The room she was in now could be considered her bathroom. It was only
supplied with a commode, that was directly in line with the door, a
bathtub and a sink. Actually, there wasn't a door, just a large
opening in the wall that led out into the main room. You could
consider it a door, Mariko supposed, only there was no door to close.
The tub Mariko still occupied was against the wall beside the toilet.
High on the opposite wall was an industrial air dryer like the kind in
public washrooms and the small sink. There were no other accouterments
in her  bathroom.
  The main room of her "suite" was just as sparsely furnished. There
was the bed, a pedestal arrangement with a thin mattress on it. At
various  points around the base were small steel rings set on hinges.
The use of those were certainly obvious to all concerned. There also
was a sturdy table and two wooden chairs. The door to the hallway was
opposite the door to the bathroom.
  "Whoever designed this dump sure didn't have privacy in mind!"
grumbled Mariko.
  The water was beginning to cool off, so Mariko reluctantly decided
it was time to get out. She went over to the dryer and gave the button
a punch. Immediately she was surrounded by hot swirling air. She knew
that it would not take very long to dry off under this rush of air,
even with her long hair. As she was finishing up, she heard the door
unlock and open up. One of the stooges appeared behind her and handed
Mariko a toothbrush. Mariko obediently scrubbed her teeth under the
watchful eye of the guard and when she was finished she handed the
brush back to the guard who conducted the nude girl out into the main
room where the other two waited patiently. One held a black silk dress
in one hand and a pair of black high heel shoes in the other.
  "You want us go sit you in dressing chair now?" the first guard
asked Mariko.
  "No, that won't be necessary, I've had my fill of fighting for
today, thank you... I'll dress myself." replied Mariko. Mariko put the
things on as the guard handed them to her. First came the lacy black
garter belt, then the natural colored silk stockings. Mariko had never
put on stockings before, (She had worn them before but she had some
unappreciated assistance in putting them on) but she didn't have any
trouble figuring out what went where. Next came a pair of matching
bikini panties with little ribbon ties, one on either hip. Mariko tied
these as tight as she could, a little precaution to avoid an
embarrassing moment later on. The guard handed her the dress and
Mariko stepped into it from the rear and pulled it up. When the guard
had zipped it up the back Mariko discovered that this too must have
been made especially for her. The dress was a black silk frock, very
tight in all the wrong places, (Only in Mariko's opinion...  Certainly
nobody else's!) with a deep V-neck that showed plenty of cleavage
before ending just below her bustline, and spaghetti straps. The
hemline stopped about mid thigh and just barely covered the tops of
her stockings. Mariko hoped she wouldn't have to do much bending. The
guard handed her the shoes and Mariko sat on the chair to put them on.
These were open toe sandals with thin ankle straps and heels that were
even higher and thinner then the boots she had suffered with all
afternoon. When Mariko stood up her weight was precariously pitched
forward and she had to grab the guard's shoulders for support. She
became gradually accustom to the shoes and walked unsteadily around a
little for practice. One of the stooges stopped her and handed her a
beautiful pearl choker and matching earrings which Mariko was happy to
put on. These were followed by a pair of black opera gloves that
stretched well above her elbows when she had finally worked them on.
The other two stooges stood behind Mariko on either side and when she
finished putting on the gloves, they simultaneously grabbed both her
arms and pulled them roughly behind her back.
  "This isn't necessary! I'm cooperating!" Mariko winced.
  The girls ignored her pleas as they encircled her wrists with a
black plastic tie-wrap and wretched it down tight around her wrists.
They repeated the procedure on her elbows with another tie wrap
pulling them tightly together. The girls weren't finished yet as they
used two smaller wraps to pin Mariko's middle fingers and even her
thumbs together after which they used a pair of cutters to remove the
unsightly excess plastic wrap. Then one of them lifted a white ball
gag over Mariko's head from behind and dropped it in front of her
face. The three girls laughed at her as she, without thinking, opened
her mouth to accept the gag only to have the girl buckle the strap
loosely around her neck so the ball rested on her chest. The girls
motioned Mariko to sit on the chair and she complied, finding, much to
her distress, that her dress immediately slid up around her hips and
exposed her stocking tops. Mariko didn't have long to wait in this
uncomfortable pose as the door opened and in strode the make-up woman.

  "Oh, I see you're being a good girl!" said the make-up woman as she
spread
her tools out on the table.
  "Well I'm trying," replied Mariko. "By the way, since we seem to
have become such fast friends, I'm kind of upset that we haven't been
properly introduced. I think you should know my name is Mariko Aniko.
I'm afraid I don't know what your name is though." The Make-up woman
looked at Mariko for a long moment.
  "You may call me Ma'am," came her measured reply "You know, like
in: Yes ma'am or No ma'am... Understand?"
  "Yes Ma'am."
  Mariko felt particularly foolish calling this woman, who was no more
then three or four years older then herself, Ma'am. The Make-up
woman... "Ma'am" ...was busy adding all the touches to Mariko's face,
a little blush and eyeliner and of course the mandatory red lip-gloss.
When she had finished she nodded to the guards who began fiddling with
the gag strap.
  "Ma'am, couldn't we pass on the gag this time? It is dinner time
after all." said Mariko.
  "Nope, afraid not. We are still required to remind you to keep
your mouth shut." came the reply.
  "How about if I cross my heart?
  "Nope. Besides, the white of the gag really shows off those pretty
lips of yours." said Ma'am. "Now don't smear your lipstick!"
    "But... ULP!" Mariko was cut short as the ball passed into her
mouth and was buckled tightly behind her head under her hair. Ma'am
clipped a thin leather leash around Mariko's neck and with a light
pull, coaxed Mariko to her feet.
  "Come along dear," Ma'am said as she led Mariko towards the door.
"its almost time for cocktails!"
  Mariko clumsily followed Ma'am out into the hall. She had to
concentrate on her pace as Ma'am didn't seem to be paying much
attention to her plight. Mariko could probably have balanced well
enough on the spike heels under normal circumstances, but with her
arms tightly locked behind her back by the plastic tie wraps and
unable to provide any assistance in her counterbalance, she was
helpless to resist the light but steady tug of the leash around her
neck. Mariko had been pulled off balance by the initial tug as they
had exited her "suite" and Ma'am kept the pressure on her as they
walked down the hall. She found herself in the untenable position of
more or less "careening" along behind Ma'am. She had no way to check
her forward motion because the height of her heels kept her leaning
precariously forward. Ma'am stopped abruptly at the elevator doors and
Mariko suddenly realized to her horror that she was about to crash
into her from behind. Before she could grunt any warning though,
Ma'am, with the practiced ease of experience, casually took one step
to the side and Mariko crashed headlong into the doors of the elevator
with a resounding thud. Ma'am steadied Mariko back up and smiled
innocently at her.
  "Are you all right My Dear?" She asked the stunned (but unhurt)
Mariko.
  "Yeph!" Mariko replied with some annoyance. The ball in her mouth
was smaller then usual and really not too terribly uncomfortable at
all. Mariko knew that it would not prevent her from making loud noises
but it was certainly effective in preventing anything intelligible
from passing her lips.
  "You should really make an effort to learn how to walk on those
shoes, Dear. Why don't you give it a go right here, while we are
waiting for the elevator?" said Ma'am as she nodded with her head for
Mariko to walk about in a circle around her. Mariko sighed and began
to walk slowly around Ma'am.
  "Put your head up! shoulders back! chest out!! You're a beautiful
girl Mariko, you should be proud of it, Walk proud!" These compliments
didn't really do much for her self esteem, but that was understandable
under the circumstances. Being led around by a leash doesn't help
one's ego very much.
  Finally, mercifully, the elevator doors opened and Ma'am motioned
Mariko inside, then followed her aboard. The practice had helped as
Mariko was beginning to feel a little more comfortable with the height
of her new footwear. When they reached their floor Mariko found
herself walking with more and more ease as they strolled down the hall
towards the back entrance to the library. When they arrived, Ma'am
knocked on the double doors and hearing no reply, opened them and
pulled Mariko in after her. At this point she dropped Mariko's leash
and quietly shut the doors behind them.
  "We're a little early, the others will be here soon and we can
make our grand entrance." Ma'am said as she was hooking the end of
Mariko's leash to what looked like a parrot's perch in one corner of
the room. Mariko casually leaned back and pulled the leash taught
while Ma'am looked away for a moment and she discovered, (not really
to anyone's surprise by now) that the perch was firmly implanted in
the floor.
  "I guess there'll be no browsing through the books tonight!" she
thought. Ma'am glanced at her watch as she approached Mariko.
  "If I take this thing out of your mouth for a while, do you
promise no nonsense?" she asked. Mariko nodded vigorously.
  "Will you keep quiet and take it back in when I say, with no
back-talk?" Mariko nodded even harder. (although perhaps not quite as
sincerely)
  "Very well, just to show you I'm not completely heartless, Turn
around." Mariko joyfully complied and Ma'am quickly unhooked the gag
and let it drop from Mariko's mouth. She re-hooked the buckle on the
last notch as it hung around the Japanese woman's neck and turned her
around and dabbed at the dribble on her chin with a hanky.
  "Remember your promise!" Ma'am warned again as she returned to the
couch.
  "I will..." said Mariko as she reveled in the unaccustomed joy of
an unpacked mouth. "... and thank you Ma'am."
  "Your welcome Dear, now please be quiet! I didn't say I wanted to
chat with you." Ma'am said
  Ma'am sat leafing through some magazines on the table for a time
while Mariko amused herself by shifting her weight from side to side
and wiggling her tongue. Then suddenly, Ma'am got up and turned
towards the door that they had recently entered and started to leave
the room.
  "You stay put and keep that lip zipped Y'hear? I'm going to see
what is keeping everyone." she said as she headed out the door.
  "Yes Ma'am!"
  Mariko stood alone in the room now and she took this time to really
examine her surrounding. The room looked as big as her mouth felt now
that it was unfettered by the white ball. There were literally
hundreds of old books of every possible shape and size adorning the
bookcases surrounding the room. There were several overstuffed leather
couches and an large antique desk in the center of the room. Mariko
was a little surprised by the obviously masculine decor of this room
as opposed to the rest of the house.
  "That girl sure is full of surprises!" Mariko said out loud to
herself, just a test so she could be sure she wasn't dreaming and
really could talk. She could faintly hear footsteps approaching from
down the hall in the same direction that she had recently passed. It
struck Mariko as funny, how obvious the sound of fettered feet was
beginning to sound to her. She was certain that she would soon be
joined by another bound girl and she had little doubt who that bound
girl would be. The door flung open and in stumbled (can you guess?)
Courtney. Mariko had all she could do to retain her poise in front of
her friend and her outlandish outfit. It was tough to know where to
begin in describing Courtney's predicament.
  Courtney's outfit was punk from head to toe. They had teased her
hair up so it went in a thousand directions and sprayed it a bizarre
shade of metallic pink. She wore black fishnet stockings under a super
short black leather mini-skirt and on her feet were a pair of black
leather ankle boots with spike heels (not quite as high as Mariko's
shoes, but close) joined together by 15 inches of thin silver chain.
Hanging from her ears were six inch lengths of similar chain. On her
body she wore a red leather straight jacket modeled after a motorcycle
jacket except that it zipped up the back. Courtney's arms were sealed
inside the sleeves of the jacket and these were wrapped around her
body and met in back in the small of her back where they were pad
locked to a ring protruding from the back of the jacket. A wide
studded leather belt wrapped around her hips and was held together by
a pair of handcuffs. The belt did nothing to add to her restraint but
it did wonders for the punk illusion. She wore a matching, studded
leather collar around her neck and from this hung a thin leather
leash, similar to Mariko's. Courtney was held silent by a tight black
leather strap pulled cruelty across her mouth and sunk deeply into her
cheeks.
  The Tall woman entered behind Courtney and pushed her over next to
Mariko  where she tied her leash to the perch together with Mariko's
own leash.
  "No gag?" The Tall woman asked Mariko skeptically.
  "No, Ma'am said I could rest for a while." replied Mariko. She
hoped that the tall woman wouldn't take matters into her own hands.
  "Hmmm... I suppose it doesn't really make much difference here."
said the tall woman as she turned Courtney around and began fiddling
with her gag.
  "No B.S. from you!" she said menacingly into Courtney's ear.
Courtney meekly shook her head then held still as the Tall woman
unbuckled the strap and placed it around Courtney's neck in a similar
fashion to the way Mariko now wore her gag.
  "Where's Ma'am?" said the tall woman, directing the question to
Mariko.
  "I really don't know, she said something about looking for you
when she left." replied Mariko.
  "Did she say me specifically?"
  "No, she said she was going to look for 'everyone' and I just
assumed..." replied Mariko as humbly as possible.
  "Oh! I know where she went... I'll be back, don't go anywhere!"
said the Tall woman as she went out the door leaving the two girls
alone, together and without gags for the first time since the had been
brought to this bizarre place.

  The instant the door closed, Courtney began stamping her feet and
made futile little attempts at spitting on the plush oriental rug.
  "Are you all right Courtney?" Asked Mariko who was a little
frightened at her friend's sudden change in demeanor.
  "That damn Bitch! If I ever manage to get my hands on her, I'll..
I'll..."
  "I guess you're okay, Huh?"
  "Y'know what they did?" She asked Mariko. "Cunt!, Bitch!!,
Arrgh!!!" Courtney growled at the closed door.
  "No, but I suppose I'm game. What did they do?" asked Mariko.
  "Those shitheads!! I'll tell ya what they did, I'll tell you what
they did!!" said Courtney with her voice rising with anger "They said
I had a dirty mouth! That's what!!...  Bitches!!" she shouted at the
door. Mariko looked at her irate friend with some confusion.
  "So?"
  "So!.. SO!!! I'll tell you so! So they washed my friggin' mouth out
with
soap! That's so!! Arrghhh!!!"
  "I think I'm beginning to sense some hostility here..."
  "Look! I don't need this shit from you too!" Courtney panted, She
was getting a little out of breath.
  "Sorrrry..." said Mariko just gushing insincerity.
  "Oh Mari... I KNOW your just kidding, but they just really piss me
off!!" Courtney said with a stamp of her foot. "Can't I get mad too?
Just who do they think they are?"
  "I'm a little bit frustrated too, You know..." said Mariko "...
But I keep my head and try not to let them get to me. They'll make a
mistake sooner or later and we'll get out of here."
  "Sure, just like this afternoon."
  "Yea, sure... But we almost made it!" insisted Mariko. Both girls
paused and mulled over just what could have happened that afternoon.
They had been so close. Just the thought was depressing.
  "By the way, I like what you've done with your hair." Mariko said
meekly. Courtney smiled, then began chuckling, The ridiculousness of
their situation began to poke through Courtney's temper and she saw
what humor was there. (However little it may be)
  "If we ever get out of this, I'm gonna slap you! Then I'll buy us
the best dinner we can find!" Courtney said with a smile. That was the
first time in a while that Mariko had seen Courtney smile, It  made
her feel much better to have at least helped her get through a little
while longer. The sound of hurried footsteps wafted down the hall and
into our heroines ears disturbed this carefree moment.
  "Shit! here we go again!" said Courtney.
  "I wonder what they have planed for us now?" said Mariko past a
turned up nose.
  The footsteps reached the door and it opened up as if by itself.
Around the corner came Ma'am and the Tall woman who briskly marched up
to the two bound girls and set about readjusting their gags. Courtney
winked at Mariko as she calmly opened her mouth even before the tall
woman had loosened the gag from her neck. The tall woman looked at
Courtney with some suspicion but seemed to forget about it very
quickly as she pressed the leather wad into a surprisingly willing
mouth. Courtney grimaced a bit as the gag entered her mouth, Mariko
supposed that it was probably from a residual of the soap left on the
gag from before. Suddenly, a white sphere popped into Mariko's line of
sight and she kept her promise and opened up her mouth to accept the
ball. Ma'am and the Tall woman set about checking their charge's
appearance. Courtney was beginning to perspire from the heat of her
leather cocoon so the tall woman wiped her glistening brow with a
handkerchief. Ma'am adjusted Mariko's hem a bit and then went and sat
on the edge of the desk.
  "Good thing her make-up is waterproof huh?" said Ma'am, indicating
Courtney.
  "Yeah" said the Tall woman "I'd hate to have to go through that
all over again!" Courtney glanced over at her friend, shrugged and
modestly kicked at the floor.
  Then, from down the hall came more footsteps, many footsteps, and
they were heading towards the library very rapidly. Mariko and
Courtney drew closer together with apprehension about what was about
to happen. Ma'am and the tall woman stood casually and turned to face
the door to the hall where the shuffling of the feet had stopped. When
the doors were opened by one of the three stooges, Mariko and Courtney
looked at each other in disbelief. In walked five women, each of whom
stared at Mariko and Courtney with the same surprise as our bound
heroines stared back with. They really had no choice in the matter as
all five of these women were as tightly bound and gagged as Courtney
and Mariko.
  The first girl into the room was a slightly plump redhead. She was
very young, probably not much more the nineteen, and certainly younger
then both Mariko and Courtney. She walked with an impish bounce and
the air of a mischievous nature that did not stop even when she came
face to face with Mariko and Courtney. "This has to be Sweetcakes"
thought Mariko. Sweetcakes was dressed in a shiny blue satin poof
dress. The dress's hem line ended about mid thigh, it was a little
shorter then Mariko's dress. Her outfit was accessorized with a red
belt, red shoes and even a small red purse. She carried the purse
behind her back where her hands were locked securely in handcuffs.
There was a small chain that ran from the middle link of the handcuffs
down to where she wore a pair of matching leg irons. Sweetcakes was
silenced by a wide strip of white adhesive tape pressed tightly across
her lips.
  The second woman was a little older, probably in her late twenty's
or early thirties. Although she was kind of plain looking with longish
straight brown hair, she did have a nice trim body. She was dressed in
a yuppie suit, a beige wool suit jacket with a coordinating slim skirt
and matching high heel pumps and a white lacy front blouse with a high
lace collar. She was bound with three leather belts, one on her
wrists, one on her elbows and another around her body pining her arms
to her back. Her feet were unfettered and she was gagged by a thin
leather strap with what looked like a leather wad sewn to the middle
of it. From the moment she entered the room she did not take her eyes
off of Courtney and Mariko. Mariko hardly noticed though, as there
were more surprises in store.
  The third girl was very tall and thin with blond hair. This fact was
determined by the color of her ponytail and not much more. She wore a
leather helmet of sorts, it started under her chin and covered her
entire head except for an oval opening in the front that exposed her
eyes and nose fully but tightly covered her mouth (as well as the rest
of her head). Her hair stuck straight up out of a hole in the top of
the helmet and was braided a little way up out of the hole and was
tied there with a red ribbon. The rest of her hair flopped loosely
around the top of her head. The blond wore a bulky red turtleneck
sweater and a short gray skirt, gray stockings and black pumps. Around
her waist was a tight black leather belt. Attached to this belt was a
pair of leather cuffs at the center of her back and these were closed
with small padlocks. Also, on her right ankle was locked one side of a
normal pair of handcuffs, with the loose side opened and waiting to be
attached to her free ankle.
  The last two girls entered together, They had no choice, there was a
thin piece of white rope connecting them at the neck. The first girl
was a striking black girl. She minced in wearing a long, white, off
the shoulder dress with a slit running all the way up to the top of
her hip. With almost any movement the dress would open up and expose
the fact that she was also wearing stockings and a garter belt. The
stockings probably didn't provide much protection from the rope that
securely bound her knees together under her dress. Likewise her arms
were bound with the white cord, several turns on her wrists and elbows
secured with tight hitches. A piece of adhesive tape covered her mouth
which was clearly distended around something. "Probably a ball."
discerned Mariko.
  Her partner was a short girl with olive skin and shoulder length,
very curly black hair. She was dressed in tight black pants and an
even tighter black button down vest. It seemed that if she moved the
wrong way she would easily pop right out of the vest. around her neck
was a black bow tie to complete this formal look. Her arms were
secured to her side at two places. On her upper arms, just above her
elbows, were two tight leather bands. These bands were attached
together by a chain running across her back. Matching leather
wristbands were attached by a loop of chain to each hip with the chain
loop running between her legs. Her knees were also pinned together by
a similar arrangement to her elbows only with a much shorter chain.
She was gagged with a large red ball gag.
  Mariko and Courtney looked at each other in disbelief, then at their
new acquaintances and then back at each other. This was too much to
for the girls to believe. "How could Allison possibly get away with
holding this many girls prisoner without someone escaping and getting
in touch with the authorities?" Mariko wondered. Allison's keeping
Courtney and herself under lock and key would have been tough enough,
but seven women!
  Ma'am and the Tall woman were busy lining up the newest recruits by
the doors that would lead into the living room. Each girl was
completely obedient during this time, holding perfectly still as Ma'am
prodded and nudged them into position in line. When they were all
ready Ma'am and the tall woman came over to Mariko and Courtney and
undid their leashes from around their neck. They were then gently
guided to the end of the line with Mariko positioned behind the black
girl and Courtney behind Mariko. Ma'am and the Tall woman then walked
forward to the front of the line and took positions beside either
door. After a pause of a few minutes there was a small sound that
resonated from the other side of the door, the sound of a delicate
bell being rung. At the sound of the bell Ma'am and the Tall woman
pulled the doors open and Sweetcakes started into the living room with
each bound girl following in turn. When it came her turn Mariko simply
shook her head, swallowed her pride and forged ahead after the black
girl.
  "Time for a Bondage Parade!" She mumbled to herself as she stepped
ahead into the next room.


 ** END OF PART 3 **




 
 
                     B & D  ACADEMY
 
 
                      By  SNIDLEY
 
 
                      CHAPTER 4
 
 


  Mariko couldn't believe her eyes as she entered the living room.  It
was a huge room, much larger then the library.  Directly across from
the door they had just entered were several over?stuffed couches.  Off
to their right, the floor was raised by two steps to accommodate a
beautiful grand piano in front of some elegant bay windows that
overlooked a small patio.  Against the far wall next to the doors that
opened out into the front hall was a lighted bar complete with many
crystal decanters and carafes.  Placed strategically near the bar were
several big armchairs arranged in a half circle facing towards the
couches and our heroines.  It was pretty obvious to Mariko and Courtney
that there was a party going on here and undoubtedly they were to be
the guests of honor, regardless as to whether or not they cared to be.
There were several groups of people all around looking at the girls as
they stumbled into the room...  Sitting around this huge living room
were four men and two woman and they seemed very pleased to see the
girls even though they made no overt actions towards them.  Amazingly,
the guest were all SMILING at them!! Mariko only recognized Allison
(besides her jailers) but the others seemed to recognize each other as
each of the bound girls seemed to head in one particular direction or
another.

  Sweetcakes made a beeline for an older, (probably in his sixties,
although he seemed fit for that age) distinguished looking man who sat
in a large armchair by the bar.  He watched her approach with an
unblinking gaze and a small crooked smile on his face.  Behind him
leaning on the bar was a stocky, rugged looking man with dark hair who
was casually sipping his drink.

  The plain girl approached the clearly most handsome of the men in
the room.  He was tall and dark with a thin mustache and impeccably
dressed, he stood now behind the couches.  They certainly seemed to
Mariko to be an unlikely couple at best.

  The blonde girl approached a very casually dressed man seated on the
couch.  Judging by his dress, this man had to be a rock musician.  He
wore his hair long, almost to his shoulders and was wearing more gold
jewelry then Mariko had owned in in her lifetime.

  The two tethered girls went directly to the woman who was seated at
the other end of the couch.  This woman was probably in her mid forties
and she looked awfully bitchy.  Mariko decided immediately she didn't
like her at all.  (Kind of a silly thought, considering how much she
enjoyed Allison's company!) Mariko couldn't decide just where to go
until she felt a gentle tug on her arm as Ma'am conducted her over to
where Allison sat twirling the ice in a Manhattan.  Mariko and Courtney
stood to one side of Allison as the girls all reached their
destinations around the room.  Each girl stood quietly at attention for
a moment then, in unison, curtsied gracefully in front of their
admirers.  Mariko and Courtney watched this spectacle in quiet
disbelief until they both began to feel somewhat uncomfortable, as if
there was someone looking at them.  Simultaneously, both girls turned
and looked down at Allison who glared back at them for a split second
with a look of unmistakable anger.  Her expression changed instantly to
a warm smile, but the message was clear, Mariko and Courtney felt
their faces turn various shades of crimson as they both, in unison and
to the best of their abilities, curtsied to Allison.

  As the party continued on, both girls stood beside Allison quietly
chewing on their gags as they watched what was transpiring around
them.  The bitchy woman stood and conducted her two girls to the rear
of the room where a grand piano sat on a raised section of the floor
in front of some huge bay windows that looked out into a formal garden
where the moon could be seen rising in the distance.

  "Richard, could you help me?" said the woman to the man who had
been standing next to the bar, he was so far in the background that
Mariko had barely noticed him when she had entered.  The man stepped
forward to meet the three women at the piano.  Richard was a young man
with a weathered, handsome face, and rugged features.  He walked up to
the women with the smooth grace of an athlete and waited quietly at
their side.  The older woman removed the rope tether from around their
necks and guided the Italian girl to a seat on the piano bench.  The
woman briskly set about removing the chains that pinned the girl's
wrists to her thighs.  One chain was looped once around her waist where
a padlock was threaded through both ends closing the chain tightly
around her waist.  Before the lock was closed she clipped one end of
the other chain to the piano bench and then attached the free end to
the girl's new belt, and only then closed the lock.

  "Would you please be a love and put Annette up here." said the
woman to Richard indicating a place on top of the piano.  Richard
easily scooped the black girl up in his arms and seated her gently on
the piano.  He modestly recovered her legs with her long skirt where it
had slid off her knee as he lifted her onto her perch.


  "Thank you Richard." said the woman as she moved toward Annette
and using the tether she had taken from her neck, crossed and tied
Annette's ankles.  Richard moved back to his place beside the bar.


  "You may begin now, Gina." said the woman to the girl seated at
the keys who managed to start to play a soft, beautiful love song,
despite the outlandish condition she found herself in.  Mariko couldn't
believe she could play this well with her elbows still bound.  The
woman reached to Annette's face and slowly peeled the tape off her
mouth.  Under the tape was a red plastic ball crammed deeply into her
mouth and in the center of this ball Mariko could make out a small
hole.  The woman was fiddling at Annette's mouth for a moment and when
she stepped back Mariko could see that she had screwed a matching
plastic ring into the hole.  Mariko was a little confused by this
because now nothing prevented Annette from pushing the ball out of her
mouth with her tongue, but for some reason Annette still sat with the
ball wedged in her mouth.  The woman stood for a moment admiring her
work then suddenly reached forward and gripped the ring.  With a sudden
movement she yanked the ball out of Annette's mouth hard enough for
Annette's head to be pulled forward.  When Annette raised her head she,
without a moment's hesitation, began singing the song Gina was playing
on the piano.  She came in right in the middle and exactly in time with
what Gina was playing.  Her voice was beautiful and Mariko was amazed
at her range as she continued into the next song Gina started.  After a
few moments of this the woman held the ball abruptly to her lips and
Annette was cut off in mid note as the woman stuffed the ball back
into Annette's mouth and walked back to her seat on the couch.

  Mariko looked about herself, most everyone was watching Gina play
with extraordinary grace and determination.  Allison had moved away
from Courtney and herself and was now talking with the old man.
Sweetcakes had knelt at their feet upon Allison's approach and she
remained there with her eyes downcast as they chatted.  The plain girl
stood with the handsome man who was speaking quietly, privately to her
as he absently played with her hair.  As Mariko watched them from the
distance she was somehow gratified by what she was feeling as she
watched, They both stood, looking deeply into each others eyes, it was
like they were...  were...  Well, it was a private moment and Mariko
felt like she was a peeping tom intruding on two lovers, so she
quickly looked away.  A subtle moan caught her attention and she
followed the sound with her eyes until her gaze fell upon the blonde
girl and the rock star.  The blonde was kneeling at the side of the
couch on "Rocky's" left.  He had, at some point unnoticed by Mariko,
locked the open handcuff around her free ankle and was as of now
casually rubbing and pinching her right nipple through her sweater.
Mariko could not believe that he had managed to find the exact spot
where her nipple was located through the bulky wool sweater but it was
pretty obvious that he had managed.  "Must be radar!"  Mariko thought to
herself as the blonde struggled and writhed on her knees in front of
the man.  She struggled like a tiger, her hair flopping all over, first
in her face as she lowered her head then behind her head as she threw
her head back.  Even though her hair pointed straight up out of the top
of her helmet it still flounced around her shoulders where it was
loose.  This whole scene seemed out of sorts to Mariko though, because
no matter how hard the girl struggled she never seemed to be quite
able to move out of his reach.

  "Odd," thought Mariko, "She isn't tied THAT tightly..."

  The older woman stood again and went to Annette to remove the ball
that she had patiently held in her mouth for all this time.  She
immediately began singing the chorus to the song, right along in time
with Gina.  She sang with such vigor and polish that Mariko was sure
that she could have done it professionally.  (Singing that is!) A
amusing picture crossed her mind of Annette, who hops out to stage
front and center in a huge stadium filled with screaming teen?agers.
Suddenly! a spotlight hits her and the place goes into bedlam, then
slowly, out of the shadows comes her lead guitarist (Rocky, of course)
who reaches out and peels the tape from her mouth....  "No! No!! NO!!!
this is crazy!" Mariko thought as she looked at the beautiful black girl who
was still seated on the piano, singing her heart out.
 
  The cocktail hour continued with all the guests talking quietly
among themselves and moving slowly from group to group.  Allison
approached Courtney and Mariko and put her arms around their waists
and guided them around the room to conduct the introductions.  The
first group they approached consisted of the Odd couple and the old
man and Sweetcakes.

  "May I interrupt?" Allison began.  "I would like present my two
newest pupils...  Courtney Richmond and Mariko Aniko."

  "Pupils????" thought Mariko apprehensively.

  "Mariko, Courtney...  I would like you to meet Sir Reginald
Baisterbrook and Miss Kelly McVee and also Dr. Steven Farmington and
his lovely wife, Kimberly." 

Both Men gallantly acknowledged our heroines and both Sweetcakes and 
Kimberly executed polite little curtsies.

  "Their charmed I'm sure...," finished Allison dryly, speaking for
Courtney and Mariko.  "As you can see they are very new here and still
need to be taught some of our special rules of etiquette, but I'm sure
we'll be able to WHIP them into shape..." Everyone chuckled politely
at Allison's little joke.

  "If you ever need a guest spanker, I will gladly offer my
services," said Sir Reginald with a short bow.

  "I will definitely take that into consideration Reggie," said
Allison.

  "My pleasure!" added Sir Reginald.

  "Now if you will excuse us, dinner is almost ready and we do have
other introductions..." said Allison as she swung both captives around
and headed towards the other group of chatting guests seated on the
couch.  The group consisted this time of the bitchy woman, the rock
star and the quiet man.  Half sitting, half laying against the rock
star's feet was the blonde in the leather helmet.  After the
introductions, Mariko and Courtney knew that the woman was Helen
Krabbe, a name familiar to both of the girls.  Helen owned and operated
the Emporium, an unbelievably exclusive fashion salon in the heart of
New York.  Only society's elite were permitted in the front door of
that place and usually by invitation only.  But when they did enter
they would receive the most exacting care imaginable.  The designers
and tailors would create an exclusive wardrobe especially for each
buyer, with each piece designed and constructed by hand for the
wearer, and the wearer alone, No two pieces were ever alike.
Everything from lingerie to shoes and hats all made, piece by piece by
skilled craftsmen to suit the personal taste and style of the wearer.
Needless to say it would probably take five years of Mariko's pay just
to get a spring wardrobe from the Emporium.

  The rock star was Johnny J., the lead guitarist for the band Iron
Lung, a hot heavy metal band.  Although he was disheveled in his
appearance, (not to mention a little repugnant to Mariko) he obviously
had some money.  He wore several huge, gaudy diamond rings on his
fingers and had a matching ring in his ear.  Allison introduced Mariko
and Courtney to the group, but when she tried to introduce the others
she stumbled because she couldn't seem to remember name of the girl
who was curled at his feet.  For a moment it seemed to Mariko that
Johnny couldn't remember either.  (besides, he seemed more interested
in leering at Courtney) The blond looked up at him hopefully as he
looked blankly down at her.  Then, after an uncomfortable pause he
sniffed.

  "Ehrrr, dis is Linda, Right?" he said, glancing down at the prone
girl who nodded her head affirmatively.  

Mariko had a feeling that she would have said yes if he had said Drucilla.

   "Ya, Linda.  That's the ticket," Johnny said as he reached out to
pull up the hem of Courtney's skirt.  

  Courtney leaned away from his groping fingers and he was too lazy to chase her.

  The final introduction was the quiet man, his name was Richard Blair.  Allison informed everyone that he was a professional photographer who had done a great deal of work for her in the past, both in a professional relationship and also some excellent work in a more private setting.  He acknowledged the compliment modestly and then went back to absently sipping his drink.  

Mariko stared at him for a long moment.  He didn't seem to fit in with these 
other people, in fact if the situation had been different she probably would 
have found herself attracted to him.  (Well, maybe the situation didn't make 
much difference one way or the other) While Mariko was checking him out he
seemed somewhat oblivious to what was going on around him as he swirled his 
drink.  

Mariko was beginning to get the impression that he was a bit uncomfortable 
around here, that perhaps he was not like the others, her heart was beginning 
to beat more and more rapidly at the thought, when he glanced up and caught her looking at him.  When their eyes met her hopes here somewhat dashed when he 
simply looked deep into her eyes, smiled, and winked pleasantly at her.

  Mariko's attention had been distracted for the moment and she had not been 
paying any attention to the conversation that had been going on around her.  She was jolted back into the conversation when she heard Helen say "Japanese".

  "Oh, these two have both been with me about two weeks now, and they are just finishing up their indoctrination," continued Allison.

  "Well, have you decided what kind of specialized training they are going to 
receive?" asked Helen.

  "No, not really, I have some ideas but..."

  "In that case, I might suggest some things.  This one, (indicating
Mariko) would look adorable in a maid's uniform.  In fact she would be
a simply lovely decoration in my home.  Let me send over a few outfits
that you can put her in.  A trial run if you will..." Helen said.
Mariko thought she was going to puke.

  "If you insist Helen, I do have some special plans for her, but
maybe we can work something out." replied Allison.  


Mariko had about as much as she was going to take at this point.  Courtney 
had her own problems as she was still trying to avoid the wandering hands of
Johnny.  As she was formulating a plan, (That included a smoke grenade,
some karate and hot wiring a car...) the doors leading to the hall
opened and one of the three stooges entered and announced that "Dinner
'e serve."

  "Shit!" thought Mariko, "Too slow again." Leading the way and with
Mariko and Courtney in tow as usual, Allison headed across the main
hall to the formal dining room.

  The seating arrangements were rather obvious as they entered.  Around
the twenty foot long table was seating for fifteen in sturdy, high
backed chairs.  Every other chair had a wide leather strap with a
buckle attached to the top most part of the backrest of the chair.
Allison took her place at the head of the table and Mariko and
Courtney were forcibly seated in the chairs directly on her left and
right.  Ma'am buckled the collar snugly around Mariko's neck while the
tall woman similarly affixed Courtney who was looking with some
consternation at the dining partner who was sitting down next to her.
Johnny J.  had left Linda to hop behind him as he hustled to be seated
next to Courtney.  Mariko watched in amazement as the blond girl hopped
carefully to the seat on Johnny's right and waited patiently until the
Tall Woman finished with Courtney and then helped her into the chair
and buckled her in.  Richard sat down next to Mariko and soon everyone
was seated around the massive table.  Allison and Sir Reginald were
seated at opposite ends of the table.  Facing Mariko directly across
the table was Courtney, followed to her right, by Johnny J., then
Linda, The Tall Woman, Dr.  Farmington, and Kimberly.  On Mariko's left
was Richard, followed by Gina, Helen, Annette, Ma'am and finally
Sweetcakes, who was seated next to Sir Reginald.  As the Stooges began
to bring out the food, Mariko was astonished to feel Richard reach
back into her hair and fumble around to find the buckle to her
ballgag, but was he was quickly stopped by Allison.

  "Richard, Please!  My two newest guests will be remaining on their
diets and we don't want to give them any unnecessary temptation.  Now
do we?"

  "No I suppose not." said Richard sitting back and examining Mariko
closely, "But I think you look great just the way you are." 

   Mariko tried to thank Richard for the complement but her unintelligible reply
was preceded by a torrent of the spittle that had built up behind the ball.  
Allison quickly used Mariko's napkin to wipe her chin before the drool could 
reach her lap.

  "That's really gross!"  exclaimed Johnny J.  followed by a long
sniff.

  "You will have to excuse Mariko.  As you can see she still needs a
lot more finishing." said Allison as Johnny went back to pestering
Courtney.  

Everyone nodded in agreement and went about their business preparing themselves for the meal that was being served.  Mariko watched, resigned in the fact that She would probably be hungry once again, but at least she was not alone in that matter this time.  Then, to her amazement, the other diners, with the exception of Johnny, turned to their partners and began to remove their gags.  The Tall
woman took over from Johnny when she noticed that he seemed much more
interested in making Courtney squirm in her bonds then in the well
being of his date.  She unbuckled the straps that held the leather flap
tightly across Linda's face.  When she had managed to loosen the panel
and began to pull it away from her face it began to be apparent to
Mariko that there was an enormous leather wad sewn to the inside of
the flap.  There was no need to remove the entire helmet from Linda's
head as the flap hung down under her chin when the gag had been pried
from her mouth.
 
  Soon, to Mariko's surprise, everyone at the table had been
un?gagged except for her dieting cohort and herself and the meal was
preceding smoothly.  Conversations covered every topic imaginable, from
politics to movie trivia.  Mariko was amazed by the completely relaxed
atmosphere.  If she had closed her eyes she could imagine this same
conversation going on around any table in the world.  It was when she
forced herself to look around that she realized what a bizarre
situation she had gotten herself into.  She found her eyes continually
drawn to the couples at the opposite end end of the table.  Steven
Farmington had removed Kimberly's gag and was now lovingly spoon
feeding his wife.  Mariko studied them closely as he carefully cut the
portion on her plate and gently held the fork up so she could eat.  On
occasion he would slip accidentally and a small smear of gravy would
appear on her lip only to be instantly wiped away as he would
delicately dab the corners of her mouth with her napkin.  Mariko
couldn't understand how they could sit together among all these other
people and still seem to be completely alone together.  Mariko was also
very amused by the conversation between Sir Reginald, Sweetcakes and
Ma'am.  Judging from her accent it seemed that Sir Reginald had brought
Sweetcakes in to the U.S.  from his home?land in England.  What's more,
she was making up for lost time (or perhaps gagged time) by talking
almost nonstop.

  "..So there I was, coming out of the 'otel all decked out in the
school uniform an' I hops in the back with Sir Reggie 'ear.  I thought
the bloody cabby was about to 'ave 'eart failure! An' that was
nothing! After Reggie 'ear slapped me inta' the cuffs, The bloody
cabby wanted to..."

  Mariko's attention was suddenly drawn back to her end of the table
as Johnny was getting particularly obnoxious in his man?handling of
Courtney.  Allison finally stepped in and tried to quiet Johnny.

  "Johnny, please, I would really prefer more decorum at my dinner
table!" Allison said, in no uncertain terms.  "besides, Linda looks
kind of hungry.  Why don't you take care of her?"

  "Awww, she's okay! Joan's taking good care of her." replied
Johnny.  Mariko glanced over at the topic of the conversation.  If Linda
heard what had just transpired between Johnny and Allison then she
wasn't letting on.  At the moment Joan, the tall woman ("Finally, her
secret identity is revealed." thought Mariko.) was feeding her from
her salad bowl.

  Johnny didn't pursue the matter with Allison and apart from a few
little prods, kept his hands to himself while everyone ate.  Mariko
studied everyone around that table very carefully as the meal
transpired.  Allison seemed to be enjoying herself, playing matriarch
to this bondage family.  Johnny, the spoiled brat that he was, just
sulked over his meal and didn't talk to anyone.  Joan had taken
complete charge over Linda and was having a wonderful time teasing her
while the poor girl was trying to eat.  The conversation at the far end
of the table was by far the most animated with Sweetcakes doing most
of the talking but with Sir Reginald, Ma'am, Helen, Gina and Annette
all partaking.  Even Dr.  Farmington and Kimberly had come out of their
own little world and had joined in with the chatting and laughter.
Only Richard didn't seem in a laughing mood tonight, he sat and ate
quietly, watching the others.  Occasionally, he would glance in
Mariko's direction but he tried not to let her catch him looking at
her.  This, of course, was totally pointless because Mariko knew right
away just what he was doing and that began a dinner long flirting
session that seemed to grow in intensity moment after moment.  Mariko
was having a heck of a time trying to figure him out, and she wasn't
being very successful.  In fact she was having trouble coming up with
any rational explanation for everything that was happening with her
life at the moment.

  "Time for brandy and desert in the living room!" Allison
announced.  With that, a groan went up from everyone in the room who
would be sinking their teeth into leather or rubber or worse for
desert.  There was some halfhearted pleading but it was to no avail as
one by one the gags were re?secured on the girls.  Mariko watched as
Joan slowly pressed the huge leather wad into Linda's mouth.  As if by
reflex, Linda's eyes bulged over the leather flap as Joan tightened
the straps behind and on top of her head.  Sir Reginald had removed the
strap from around Sweetcakes neck and had reached behind her to take
the small red purse that she had been holding all this time and began
fishing around in it.  Shortly he pulled out a roll of three inch wide
adhesive tape and he began to rip a piece from the roll.

  "Reggie dear," said Sweetcakes, in her most coy of voices.  "Would
you be a love this time and wind the tape all the way 'round my head?
You know how much I hate that..."

  "With pleasure, my dear!" replied Sir Reginald "But first...
Allison, Would you mind awfully if I borrowed one of these dinner
napkins?"

  "Not at all Reggie, you should know by now what's mine is yours!"
said Allison with a smirk.  Mariko couldn't help but think Sweetcakes
had bitten off more then she could chew as Sir Reginald (with some
enthusiastic assistance from Ma'am) pounced on the poor English girl
and began stuffing the napkin into her mouth.  Mariko wouldn't have
though it was possible if she hadn't seen it with her own eyes.  It
took some minutes, but they successfully stuffed an entire linen
dinner napkin into her mouth.  Sir Reginald stepped back and Mariko
could see that Sweetcakes mouth was pried as far open as it could
possibly go.  Ma'am casually held the wadding in place with one finger
on the wad and the other firmly on the back of her neck as Sir
Reginald pulled a long strip of tape away from the roll without
ripping it.  He stuck the loose end onto Sweetcakes left cheek and then
centered it across the wadding.  As Ma'am moved her finger out of the
way he pulled it tight across her mouth, so tight in fact the tape
forced the wadding deeper in and the tape ended up between her teeth.
He then wound the tape around her head five or six times until her
mouth was completely sealed and the skin bulged over the edge of the
tape.  After he had ripped the tape off the roll he stood her up and he
put both hands on her shoulders and turned her to face Allison where
Mariko could really see her face.  Tears had begun to well up in the
English girl's eyes due to the tightness of the gag.

  "Bravo!! " shouted Allison as she began to applaud.  Mariko was
aghast at the sudden act of barbaric cruelty she had just witnessed
until she spied Sweetcakes hands, still tightly handcuffed behind her
back, slowly reach out, searching, seeking and finally finding their
mark.  Mariko couldn't believe her eyes! Sweetcakes gently,
unobtrusively, was fondling Sir Reginald.

  "I'll probably be needing the napkin for a day or two?" hinted Sir
Reginald.

  "Take as long as you need Reggie! I know it'll be put to good
use..." said Allison.  "...Very good use!"

  The party moved slowly back into the living room.  Drinks were served
and the merriment continued unabated.  Mariko found herself seated on
the center couch squeezed between Helen and Joan.  When they had
arrived in the living room, Johnny had pulled Linda over to the piano
and made her lay on her stomach across the bench.  He pulled a short
chain out of his pocket and clipped one end to the back of her belt
the other end he connected to the handcuffs confining her legs.  Thus
she was forced to endure this stringent hog?tie balanced precariously
atop the bench.

  "Hey Reggie baby! Give me some of that tape!" He shouted, he was
getting quite drunk.  Sir Reginald complied but not without an obvious
look of disgust.  Johnny missed the roll of tape when Sir Reginald
tossed it to him but he quickly retrieved it.  He ripped two small
pieces of the tape off the roll and used them to tape Linda's eyes
shut.  He then turned his attention to Courtney who attempted to back
away as he approached her menacingly.  Mariko, along with some of the
others looked towards Allison who only shrugged her shoulders in
defeat, as if to say "What use?" Johnny took Courtney by the elbow and
pulled her to a plush easy chair in the back of the room where he sat
down and then pulled Courtney into his lap.  Mariko could hear the
sound of Courtney's nylon covered legs swishing and her muffled grunts
and breaths as she attempted to resist the onslaught of Johnny's
groping hands.

  Mariko's arms were beginning to throb a bit due to the fact that
they were still pressed into the back of the couch.  She shifted her
weight to attempt to relieve some of the pressure on her arms and
shoulders.  Unfortunately, although this made her arms more
comfortable, it also caused her skirt to slide up high enough so her
stocking tops were completely exposed.  She wished she hadn't moved at
all because Helen couldn't seem to resist running her fingers along
the naked skin of her exposed thigh.  Mariko stoically endured this as
she figured things could be much worse.  (Courtney was still grunting
and squealing in the back of the room.)
 
  Allison seemed none the wiser as she used Gina as a demonstration to
show the proper way to bind someone with their hands in front of them.
First, she had Gina place her hands together with her touching the
backs of her wrists together.  Allison used thin drapery cord to bind
her wrists in that position.  She then took some fishing line to tie
her thumbs and pinkies together (She said ordinary sewing thread could
be used in an emergency and that small tie?wraps could be used
successfully also.) She took some more of the drapery cord and tied a
double loop around Gina's waist ending up in a knot at the small of
her back.  Allison took the ends of the rope and ran it between her
legs and up and over the rope binding her wrists.  She pulled the loop
back over the wrist windings and pulled the loose end back between her
legs and tied it to the knot at Gina's back.  Her arms were now
inescapably secured to her belly.  Allison then wanted to test her work
so she told Gina that if she was able to escape she would receive a
special reward.  Gina struggled for a while but everyone could tell the
attempt was halfhearted.  Helen informed Gina that she would be happy
to punish her if she didn't escape.  It was amazing just how much
energy Gina was able to muster after that, but unfortunately with the
same results.
 
 Other "Shows" went on during the balance of the evening with most
everyone participating.  Sweetcakes had her rear pinkened with
everything from a hand to a small whip.  The goal seemed to be to turn
both her ass cheeks a consistent shade of red, with no blotches or
unblemished spots.  In the end, it couldn't be done.  Annette sang once
again, This time as she was spread eagled between two pillars at the
end of the room.  It took some coaxing by Helen but she was really able
to hit some incredibly high notes! (Even while Ma'am was tickling
her.)

  When the clock struck one, Allison stood and announced to her guests
that she must end the party.  There was a collective groan from all the
guests, mostly of disappointment but a few of discomfort.

  "After all, remember it's a school day for the girls tomorrow!"

  "What?!?!" wondered Mariko.

  Allison cheerfully put her arm around Gina who was still bound as
securely as when she had started her Houdini act and was now glancing
apprehensively at Helen.

  Everyone seemed to agree and began to collect their things in
preparation for departure.  Ma'am and Joan gathered up Mariko and
Courtney and after straightening up their clothes, dragged them to the
front door of the house.  Allison arrived momentarily, and took a place
right next to the door.  She was preceded by Joan then Courtney, then
Ma'am and finally Mariko.  The first guests ready to depart was Johnny
and Linda, Johnny started down the line to say good?bye pushing his
bound friend in front of him.  Linda paused in front of Mariko and then
suddenly leaned towards her.  Mariko was taken somewhat aback by
Linda's action and her natural reflex was to back away.  Ma'am reacted
quickly by taking a hold of a hand full of Mariko's hair and she
straightened her up and then held her firmly in place.  Mariko looked
into Linda's eyes and could clearly see that Linda was hurt and
embarrassed by her reactions, and Mariko felt bad when she realized what Linda
was trying to do.  Ma'am comforted Linda and coaxed her to go
ahead and say good?bye to Mariko.  Linda was hesitant at first but when
Mariko nodded her approval to her, her eyes gleamed with relief, she
cautiously leaned forward and pressed her leather sealed lips to
Mariko's equally gagged mouth.  Mariko was a little touched by this,
she had, without speaking communicated with another person, someone
who had badly needed some approval from someone.  (She certainly wasn't
getting it from Johnny!) Johnny simply pinched Mariko's nipple as he
passed by.  Linda continued down the line, gently gag?kissing Ma'am on
the cheek, then Courtney, and Joan as she went.  Johnny was polite to
Ma'am and Joan but he couldn't resist molesting Courtney one last time
before he said good?bye to Allison after Linda had hesitantly kissed
her on the cheek.  Allison took a moment to warmly hug the teary eyed
girl before coolly shaking Johnny's hand.  Mariko could just barely see
out the door as Johnny roughly shoved Linda across the parking lot to
his Mercedes.

  "That jerk..." Joan whispered under her breath and Allison and
Ma'am both nodded their agreement.

  While they watched Johnny and Linda cross the driveway, out of the
living room came Sweetcakes and Sir Reginald followed closely by Dr.
Farmington and Kimberly.  Sweetcakes gamely attempted the good?bye
kisses but Mariko could easily see, by the bulging of her eyes, the
strain on her neck as she attempted to turn her head was pulling the
tape tighter thus pushing the napkin deeper into her mouth.  Sir
Reginald gave Mariko a tender peck on the cheek and wished her well.
Mariko then exchanged polite gag?kisses with Kimberly and even found
herself nodding farewell to Dr.  Farmington as well.  She then turned
and watched the procession as Sir Reginald shook hands with Allison.

  "Allison dear, Kelly here was telling me what a lovely time you
two had riding the other day, You see, I haven't been in the saddle
since my old military days and I was hoping that you could get some
free time soon and we could all go for a little jaunt together." Sir
Reginald was saying as Sweetcakes was vigorously nodding her approval.

  "Why Sir Reginald, I had no idea...  I would be delighted.  I'm not
sure when my schedule will permit but I will call tomorrow and let you
know.  Of course, you understand that you can use my trails any time
you want, all you need do is call the stable master and make the
arrangements." said Allison.

  "Why Thank you, I may just take you up on that.  I may need some
practice to keep up with you." Sir Reginald said with a smile.

  "Oh! you charmer!!" said Allison.

  Dr.  Farmington and Kimberly greeted Allison.

  "Allison, on behalf of my wife and myself we would like to thank
you for the wonderful time we had tonight.  We would love to attend
again but..."

  "But what Steven?" asked Allison with a look of concern on her
face.  Sir Reginald and Sweetcakes stopped abruptly and turned back to
the group.

  "Well, I really don't know whether it is proper to say this, but
we enjoyed everyone's company with the exception of Mr.  J's.  In the
future, we would be grateful if you would tell us if you expect him to
attend as we would rather not associate with him again." said Dr.
Farmington firmly.

  "Here here!" concurred Sir Reginald.  "The American's famous
bluntness in action no doubt!"

  "Well, I have been having the same thoughts recently.  But I would
hate to loose touch with Linda.  I think she really needs our support
right now." replied Allison.

  "Yes, darling child." said Sir Reginald sadly, "That blighter
doesn't deserve her!"

  "Agreed, but that doesn't change my feelings." said Dr.
Farmington.

  "Perhaps we can arrange something, but please remember that one
bad apple is no reason to throw away the bushel.  said Allison.

  "By no means! "We love the apples...  We just want to avoid the bad
ones because they can give all of us a bad name." said Dr.  Farmington
with a smile.

  "Yes, I'll see what I can do." said Allison.  "Don't worry."

  With that, the four guests turned and left the house.  Mariko watched
enviously as Sir Reginald opened the passenger door of his Bentley and
helped Sweetcakes slide into the passenger seat and put her seat?belt
on.  Dr.  Farmington on the other hand stopped with Kimberly at the rear
of their car and he opened up the trunk.  To Mariko's surprise though,
that was not where she would be riding, Dr.  Farmington turned her
around and began removing her leather restraints, casually dropping
them into the trunk.  She waited calmly, not moving, until he had
removed all the cuffs and finally her gag.  He leaned and whispered
something softly into her ear and she turned back to him suddenly and
they embraced passionately.  After a long, loving kiss, they both waved
to the group standing in the doorway and got into their car and drove
away.

  Mariko shook her head and tried to sort out her feeling.  Somehow she
liked some of these people.  They seemed the most honest, open people
she had ever met.  (A little kinky perhaps, but...) This was something
she was not used to but she found it very refreshing.  She was suddenly
startled by a touch on her shoulder, she spun around and looked
directly into the face of Richard.  She could feel her heart fluttering
madly but she just figured it was because she was so jumpy.  Richard
paused and looked at her for a moment.  Mariko couldn't help but wish
she could speak to him but she wasn't sure just what she would say if
she could.

  "It's been a pleasure meeting you..." Richard began, "I hope I'll
see you again soon." he said as he took her chin in his fingers and
gently kissed her forehead.  Mariko felt her knees get a little wobbly
but that was surly because she had been standing on those high heels
so long.  Mariko, almost against her will, and without taking her eyes
off of Richard found her knees dipping slowly, and when she came to
her senses she found herself blushing uncontrollably as she realized
that she had performed a perfect curtsy in front of Richard.  He only
smiled and moved down the line and left quickly after saying good?bye
to Allison.

  Mariko didn't remember much of saying good?bye to Helen and Annette
and Gina.  She remembered only the look on Richard's face as he passed
by.  Suddenly, the front door shut with a bang and this awakened Mariko
from her daydream.  Allison called for the stooges who were waiting
just around the corner.

  "Get them ready for bed," she said as the stooges took Mariko and
Courtney under tow.  "You two have a busy day tomorrow.  Your first day
at school!"
 
 
 ** END OF PART 4 **
 
 




                  B & D  ACADEMY
 
 
                    By  SNIDLEY
 
 
                    CHAPTER  5
 
 
   Mariko shuddered at the thought at what lay ahead as they
stumbled back to the elevator and took the long trip back down to
their rooms.  Sleep had not been a very pleasant experience during the
past few nights and Mariko was not looking forward to it.

  "This'll probably be the caper of an all?around lousy day..."
thought Mariko.  "...And tomorrow will probably be worse." The stooges
half walked and half carried Mariko down the hall and shoved her into
her room while Courtney and her entourage continued on to her room.
Once they were inside the bed room, one of the guards reached under
the bed and pulled out a single locking cuff with a long chain
attached to it and locked it on Mariko's ankle.  Completing this, they
took a small pair of clippers and sniped the plastic wraps that held
her arms.  To her surprise though, they all turned towards the door
while she was rubbing some circulation back into her limbs and as the
last girl was leaving, she turned back to Mariko.

  "You be good girl, put dirty clothes on chair, then go to bed.
Okay?" Mariko nodded her head and the guard stepped out of the room
and then closed and bolted the door.  Mariko couldn't believe that this
was all she was going to have to endure, a simple ankle chain, but she
figured she had better make the best of it.  Out popped the ball gag,
and for some reason her jaws didn't seem quite as sore as they had
been in the past.

  "Maybe it's that the ball is a little smaller...  Or maybe, (gulp!)
I'm just getting used to it!" said Mariko out loud.  She was beginning
to forget what her voice sounded like.  Mariko made short work of her
clothes, all except for the stocking on her right leg that had to be
fed carefully through the cuff on her ankle.  She piled the dress and
everything on the chair and then tested the length of the chain.  She
found that the chain was anchored to the foot of the bed and although
she could easily move about in the room, she could not quite reach the
door to her cell unless she laid down on the floor and stretched as
far as she could.  At that, when she did this stretch, all she could
manage was to touch the bottom of the door.  Not much help at all.

  She went and used the bathroom to get ready for bed, she brushed her
teeth and combed her hair and washed up.  She found herself finally
beginning to relax as she prepared herself slowly, lazily for bed.
Just as she was finishing up brushing her hair the lights suddenly
snapped off and there was nothing Mariko could do but follow the chain
back to her bed in the pitch blackness.  As soon as her head hit the
pillow, she was asleep.

  Mariko awoke to a annoying buzzer.  Her first reaction was to try to
shut off her alarm clock but it wasn't on her night stand as it
usually was.  She groped around for it with closed eyes savoring the
lovely feeling of her soft warm bed.  She was beginning to get a bit
annoyed that nothing in her bedroom seemed to be where it was supposed
to be.  As she started to roll over to look for the clock, the cuff on
her ankle pinched her and she was startled back to reality.

  "Okay, Okay!" I'm awake!" She said out loud grumpily to no one in
particular.  As soon as she said that, the annoying buzzer ceased it's
incessant racket.  Mariko laid in bed for a while trying to rub the
sleep from her eyes, when one of her senses jolted her awake.  Her keen
sense of smell had detected the unmistakable aroma of bacon, clearly
close by and maybe even within her reach.  She sat up hopefully and
looked about.  There, on the table was a tray loaded with covered
plates.  Mariko sprung from bed and rushed to the table, almost
tripping on her tether where it was caught in the blankets of the bed.
She saw that there was a note with her name written on it, propped
against a small plastic vase with a rose in it.   Mariko decided that
it would be smart to read the note first, just in case.

 The note read:
 
      Mariko,
 
      You will follow this set of instructions implicitly.
     You may eat your breakfast first, but then you will bathe
     to prepare yourself for school.  Then, you will dress
     yourself completely in the uniform we have provided for
     you.  You will use the handcuffs we have supplied to
     lock your hands behind your back.  All of this should be
     completed by 7:30 AM and no later.  You will then wait for
     someone to come for you.
 
                          A
 
 
  Mariko warily spied the garment bag slung across the back of the
chair and then up glanced at the clock.  Luckily it was only 6:05 so
she had plenty of time for all she had to do.  She took her own sweet
time, enjoying every morsel of her bacon and egg breakfast and the
long bath that followed.  When she was finished she reluctantly placed
the garment bag on the bed and with a deep breath, opened it.  Mariko
rummaged around inside the bag until she found a pair of white cotton
panties and a bra.  The panties were frilly and much too small for her,
as was the training bra they gave her but she struggled into them
anyway.  Next she found a white cotton blouse.  Around the collar was a
blue and gray striped necktie.  Mariko sighed and despondently buttoned
the blouse up and put the tie on.  She looked around for the stockings
but all she found were a pair of gray knee socks.

  "This is getting more depressing by the moment." Mariko thought as
she pulled the gray socks on, having quite a difficult time getting
the one sock under her ankle cuff.  The next bit of apparel that came
out of the bag was a scratchy, gray wool jumper, with a pleated skirt
that Mariko was dismayed to find cleared her knees by a good six or
seven inches.  Last out of the bag was a blue blazer with gold buttons
and a patch on the pocket.

  "Next their gonna want to call me Muffy!" she thought as she
examined the patch.

  The crest was that of the school she was no doubt enrolled in.
Inside a circular rim of golden embroidered chain was three sets of
linked handcuffs intricately embroidered into a triangle around a
rendition of a red ballgag.  On the upper left side of the triangle was
an ornate letter "B" and on the upper right side was an equally
beautiful "D".  Finally, across the bottom was the word Academy.

  "Gee, I wonder if they're fully accredited." asked Mariko
rhetorically as she did the inevitable and slipped the blazer on.

  "Hmmmn.  Seems they forgot something." Mariko thought as she
searched the bag for a pair of shoes.  She found them in a zippered
pouch in the bottom of the bag along with a pair of handcuffs which
she tossed on the table without a glance.  Her new shoes fit the outfit
perfectly as they were a pair of black patent leather shoes with a one
button strap and no heels.

  "Wonder why Allison didn't put little mirrors on them...  Seems
that would be more her style." our heroine wondered to herself as she
slipped the shoes on her dainty feet.  As she sat on the side of the
bed to button the strap, Mariko glanced up at the clock and it was 25
past 7.

  "Perfect timing, as usual! I wonder what the bitch has in store
for us today." she thought as she ran a finger around her collar.

  Mariko then took up the handcuffs and for the first time examined
them.  She hadn't noticed before that there were three cuffs linked
together at their center from the middle link of chain, If she had one
cuff on each wrist there would still be one cuff dangling loose.

  "They couldn't want to put that on my foot? Could they? thought
Mariko.  She knew full well that they could, and would if they wanted
to.  She only hoped that was not part of their nefarious plans.  Mariko
took the cuffs and placed an open one onto her left wrist and then
squeezed it until it clicked down close to her skin.  She took a moment
and checked the fit, she found that she could turn the cuff all the
way around her wrist without it pinching at all.

  "I guess I might as well face it." she said out loud to herself as
she brought both hands behind her back and laid her wrist into the
other open cuff.  She took a long moment to get her nerve up and then
with a deep breath she closed the cuff on her right wrist as well.

  "Shit!" she said to no one in particular.

  She moved around a bit trying to test the cuffs.  She realized that
if she tried hard enough she may have been able to pull her hands out
of the cuffs, but it would take some privacy and more then a little
luck.  She also discovered the misery of wearing panties that are too
small.  As soon as she had made the slightest bit of movement both
sides of her panties retreated into her crack and no amount of
squirming would get them back out.  She tried to slide down on the bed
and raise her skirt up so she could get her hands back there but as
she did the door opened up and Ma'am was standing in the doorway.
Ma'am burst into laughter at the sight of Mariko's contorted position
and continued her chuckling as Mariko attempted to regain her
composure.
 
  "Get up!" Ma'am commanded as she stepped into the room.  Mariko
struggled to her feet and faced the advancing woman.  Ma'am casually
walked up to Mariko and then spun her around grabbed the handcuffs and
lifted Mariko's hands up towards the ceiling.

  "Not bad my dear...  Not bad..., but not quite good enough!" she
said as she clicked both cuffs two notches tighter.  "You may have been
able to pull your little hands out of those.  I'll just assume that you
didn't do that on purpose, okay?

  "Oh, Of course not Ma'am!" sprouted Mariko cheerfully, "After all,
I can hardly wait to find out what you have in store for me today and
I certainly wouldn't expect any unfair advantages." she added
sarcastically.

  "That's the spirit my dear! Your finally getting the hang of
this!" said Ma'am as she pulled the two chairs close together and
motioned to Mariko for her to sit.

  Ma'am proceeded to apply only a minimal amount of make?up on
Mariko's face, mainly only a little blush on her cheeks.  She produced
a wide red ribbon and tied it into a bow in Mariko's hair on the top
of her head.

 "Doesn't that clash with my outfit? asked the captive schoolgirl,
it actually clashed more with her sense of dignity.

  "Well, yes, it does a little, but it still looks awfully cute."
replied Ma'am as she used a bobby pin to insure that the bow would
stay in place.  She rummaged around in her bag for a moment and then
pulled out the inevitable roll of tape.  Mariko had figured this would
happen sooner or later so she was prepared for it...  or at least she
thought she was.  Ma'am ripped off a small piece of the tape and leaned
towards our little heroine.  Mariko immediately noticed that this tape
was much narrower then the stuff she was used to, maybe only one inch
wide.  Ma'am made a face to Mariko indicating that she should pinch her
lips tightly together, and when Mariko had done this she carefully
stuck the tiny rectangle of tape over her lips.  Mariko couldn't help
but giggle at this ridiculous attempt at silencing her.  This gag,
compared with any of the others she had endured wouldn't keep her
quiet for a second! She was tempted to show Ma'am that right then by
simply opening her mouth.  As Mariko, with a bit of a feeling of
victory, looked up at Ma'am she was suddenly taken aback by Ma'am's
smiling face and negatively shaking head.

  "Before you try that," said Ma'am, as if reading Mariko's mind.
("How does she DO that?!!" thought Mariko angrily.) "Let me explain.
The gag you're wearing now is one of our most effective ones.  You see,
it is what we call a volunteer gag, it's sole purpose is as a reminder
to you that you have been forbidden to speak and that's about all.  I'm
sure that you're thinking that all you have to do is wiggle your
little nose and that tape will pop right off your face...  and you're
probably right.  But, if you do, I assure you that within moments you
will be wearing a real gag.  One that is designed first to be
uncomfortable, and second to keep a talkative little girl silent."
Ma'am said bluntly.  "If you choose not to believe me just go ahead and
open your mouth." Ma'am watched Mariko closely as the now securely
taped girl sat and stewed over this turn of events.  A resigned grunt
from Mariko spurred Ma'am to continue.

  "Well I'm glad, Your finally getting smart." Ma'am said "Besides,
look at this face..." She continued as she turned her head from side
to side so Mariko could see her smiling face.  "...How could it lie!"

  Ma'am chuckled over her joke as she took out a gray wool beret which
she put on Mariko, stylishly cocked to the side.  She reached down and
unlocked the cuff on Mariko's ankle using a key she had brought with
her.  Ma'am then stood and motioned Mariko to the door.  Mariko obeyed
with only a sigh of protest and she marched out into the hallway where
she was met by one of the guards who was carrying a blue book bag
bearing the same emblem as the one adorning Mariko's breast pocket.
She stuck the bag into Mariko's fettered hands and then guided her
down the hall by her elbow towards an uncertain future.

  Mariko stumbled along like this for a while, the heavy book bag she
carried bumped annoyingly into the back of her legs with each step,
but she didn't complain.  After she took one look at the scowling guard
she realized she wouldn't be getting much sympathy.  After a long walk
on the same sub?basement level they came to a small bolted door.  The
guard stopped Mariko in front of the door and then tugged at the bolt
and opened the door and shoved Mariko in.  It took only a moment to
regain her composure and take in her surroundings as the door slammed
shut behind her.  Mariko found herself standing in a tiny, window?less
cloak room.  There were clothes pegs all around, with some of them
holding various coats and hats and such.  Standing closely together in
the center of the room were all of the reluctant guests from the
dinner party.  Each girl wore a uniform identical to the one Mariko
sported and was restrained with the same three part handcuffs that she
also wore.  The only difference was that none of the other girls had
her mouth taped shut as Mariko did.  They all stared silently at the
newest addition to the room until Kelly stepped forward slowly.  When
she did, Mariko caught a glimpse of Courtney's scowling face from
where she had been standing in the corner, blocked from Mariko's view
by the group.  At least now Mariko wasn't the only one with tape stuck
on her face.  Kelly approached Mariko slowly.

  "You have to take your hat off and put it on a hook before they
open the doors." she said sweetly, not at all demandingly.  Mariko
realized that she was trying to be nice, letting her in on a rule
before it got Mariko into any trouble.  Mariko briefly thought about
how she was going to perform that miracle without the use of her hands
when Kelly continued,


   "We usually try to help each other, here, let me turn around then
you bend down." she said as she turned her back to Mariko and raised
her hands up.  Mariko bent forward and put her hat into Kelly's reach
and Kelly carefully plucked it off of her head.  Mariko watched as
Kelly gracefully hung the hat on a peg on the back wall and then
smiled to Mariko.  Mariko tried to say thank you to Kelly but all she
could manage was "Mmange mmuu!" The group giggled at her mumbling, but
she wasn't taking any chances with loosening the tape, at least not
until the right moment.

  "Your welcome.  Anytime." said Kelly as she stepped back to the
group who went back to chatting.  Mariko kept one ear on the
conversation as she edged her way around to where Courtney stood and
after a nod and a tapped smile they both listened to the conversation
that was going on.

  "So anyway, as I was saying," began Kimberly, "The walls are
Egg?shell white and I found these beautiful taffeta curtains that
matched the carpet perfectly, When I found out the price I almost
fainted.  I was looking for something else when Steve came up out of
the clear blue and said we would get the ones I liked.  I almost died.
He's the..."

  Kim was rudely interrupted as the door behind where Courtney and
Mariko were standing opened up.  Immediately, all the girls fell
absolutely silent and they formed a line facing the open door.  Mariko
and Courtney had been startled by the door and they retreated to the
end of the line where they could watch the goings on.  Annette was the
first to enter the room followed by Gina, Linda, Kimberly and finally
Kelly.  Mariko watched the procession with amazement as they calmly
entered the next room.  When Kelly reached the doorway, Mariko could
finally see what was going on.  Inside, the room was decorated to
appear like an school classroom.  There were chalk boards on two walls
and a podium against the far wall.  Next to the podium, in the corner
beside the blackboard was a high wooden stool.  In front of the podium
were three neatly lined up rows of desks, with four in each row.  The
desks were the modern kind, made up simply of a chair and a flat
section on one arm, to write on.  Mariko could see both Ma'am and Joan
here, they were both dressed in long, flowing black graduation gowns
and those silly square hats with the tassels, Mariko couldn't remember
what they were called.  Kelly stepped up to Ma'am as Joan was finishing
guiding Kim to her seat.  All the other girls stood rigidly beside
their desks.  Ma'am ripped a small piece of tape from a roll and held
it up to Kelly's face.

  "Thank you Professor Ma'am!" said Kelly (It sounded more to Mariko
like 'Thank yuh Prefsser Mum' because of Kelly's accent) before she
pursed her lips together and Ma'am pressed the tape into place.  Joan
came up and took Kelly by the elbow and led her to the second row of
desks and began seating her in the first desk.  Ma'am took hold of
Mariko and pulled her into the room.  First she inspected the tape on
her mouth to see if it had come loose at all (Mariko was thankful now
that she hadn't given in and loosened the gag herself) then she led
Mariko to the third desk in the second row where she would be beside
Kimberly who was beside Kelly.  She stood Mariko beside her desk and
then squatted down at Mariko's feet.  Mariko watched in fascination as
Ma'am reached under the desk and pulled out a set of wooden stocks
that attached to the front legs of the desk.  The stocks slid out
perpendicular to the seat.  Ma'am opened the stocks then coaxed
Mariko's ankles into them and locked them shut.  Mariko was now
committed to stand beside the desk.  Meanwhile, Joan had brought
Courtney in and was at that moment, adjusting her set of stocks at her
seat in the first desk of the third row.  Ma'am took Mariko's school
bag and took out a notebook and a pencil and put them on Mariko's desk
top.  She then went to the front of the room and stood by the podium.
 
  "Good morning class!" Ma'am said in an artificially nasal voice.
Everyone except Mariko and Courtney responded as best they could,
mumbling "MMnnig fmfff Mmaaammm!" Luckily it was loud enough so that
no one noticed that Courtney and Mariko hadn't responded on cue.

  "You may be seated class." said Ma'am and Mariko watched as
everyone turned their hips sideways and sat down on their chairs and
then pulled their fettered feet in under them.  Mariko tried this and
she found that it was easier then it looked to sit in that awkward
position and that her foot?stocks slid easily in under her chair.  Joan
walked around the room kicking a little catch on the base of the chair
that each girl sat in and then she clipped the free handcuff onto the
support of the backrest of the desk.  When she got to Mariko, she
kicked the catch on the chair and Mariko realized that the catch
locked the stocks in place under the chair and that if Mariko wanted
to stand the catch would first have to be released so she could slide
her feet out from under the desk.  After she had locked the loose
handcuff to the backrest she pulled a leather strap with a buckle out
of her robe and lashed Mariko's right elbow to the side of the arm
rest and unlocked her right wrist from it's confines in the cuffs.
Mariko slowly moved her arm up onto the desk top where she could reach
the notebook and pencil.

  "You'd better take good notes." said Joan as she walked away
towards the front of the where she searched in Gina's bag and found a
pair of eye glasses that she put on Gina before releasing her one
hand.  With the class finally settled, Ma'am was able to begin her
lecture.

  The routine was pretty much set at the B&D academy.  The opening one
and one half hours was devoted to a lecture on bondage physiology with
Ma'am covering one specific part of the body and how it relates to
bondage as a whole.  At this lecture she described the physical make?up
of the human wrist and it's strengths and weaknesses where it came to
the binding of the wrist.  She talked at length about different key
pressure points and how certain situations should be avoided.  Mariko
couldn't help but think that although she had endured almost
continuous bondage over the last few weeks, she had never experienced
any major problems with lack of circulation.  This is not to say she
didn't experience any discomfort, but now that the topic had come up
she had never had any limb fall asleep on her.  Ma'am continued,
explaining that there was always an outside possibility that some day
they would find themselves bound by more inexperienced hands then they
were accustom to, there were some tricks that they could use to
relieve any undue stress they might be experiencing...  Mariko was
amazed by what was going on around her,
  "There's a damn science to all this!" she thought.  All this time
she figured that all they were doing was spontaneously trussing her up
for the hell of it.  Now she was beginning to realize just how
dangerous this activity potentially is, and how concerned about her
safety her captors really were and how carefully they "did her up".
  Mariko was jolted back to the present by an open handed swat on the
back of her head.  It wasn't very painful but it did scare the hell out
of her, she hadn't noticed Joan sneaking up behind her.
  "So! You don't feel it's necessary to take any notes I see! Do you
think Ma'am is up there for her health?" Joan growled into Mariko's
ear.  "Well, we will see about this.  10 demerits!" she said as she took
out a little black book and wrote something into it.  ("Demerits?!?!?
thought Mariko.) "Perhaps a pop quiz is in order, What do you think,
Ma'am?" finished Joan.  The entire class groaned when she mentioned the
word "quiz".
  "Well, I'm feeling a little magnanimous this morning, perhaps we
can give them another chance, Joan." said Ma'am to the nodding
approval of everyone in the room, including Courtney and Mariko.
  "I suppose we could continue this lecture tomorrow.  Besides, we
have a book report due today, don't we Gina?" Gina nodded and reached
into her book bag and withdrew several neatly typed pages.  "You
know...  I think an oral presentation would be a nice change of pace
this morning." Ma'am said.  With that, Joan walked over to where Gina
sat and took the papers away and handed them to Ma'am, then returned
and twisted Gina's free arm back behind her where it was re?locked
into her handcuffs.  After this was accomplished, Joan removed the
leather strap from where it held her elbow on the arm rest and then
unlocked the cuff that was attached to the back of the chair.  With a
casual tap with her foot, Joan released the lock holding Gina's stocks
in place under the desk and Gina, with a grace gained only through
practice, slid her feet out from under the desk and stood up.  Joan
reached around her and peeled the tape off her mouth and left it
hanging on her cheek held there by a tiny bit of adhesive.

  "Remember now Dear, Good posture and speak from the diaphragm so
that everyone can hear you." said Ma'am.  "You may begin."

  "My book report is on the novel 'Meter Maids in Bondage' written
by Jack Ovski, published in 1979 by Sleazeball Press.  New York, New
York." Gina began in a surprisingly sexy, husky voice that surprised
Mariko because it didn't seem to fit with the appearance of this
petite Italian girl dressed in the silly little school uniform.

  Mariko concentration on the book report lasted only a few seconds.
She found herself thinking about the events of the last few weeks.  One
thing that stood out in her mind was an image, That of escape.  It was
odd though, that rather then daydreams she had in the past, her new
fantasy was one of rescue and not of flight.  The events that went on
around her in her little dreams were totally out of her control and
she somehow found that a bit thrilling.  She pictured herself kind of
like the heroine who found herself tied to the railroad tracks,
helplessly bound and gagged, waiting for her hero to arrive to carry
her away to freedom.  (only Mariko never remembered those movie
heroines having her elbows tied so that they touched...) Mariko had
never had a hero before.  She had always been too busy looking out for
herself to waste a lot of time thinking about such things.  But now,
with very little time to do anything other then think, she found
herself carried further and further away with these thoughts.  The
faceless hero would race into the picture to dispatch the villain with
one carefully placed punch and snatch her away from her impending doom
just in the nick of time as the train rumbled by spewing dust and
steam.  He would carry her off in his arms to where they would live
happily ever after.

  "Hummnn..." mused Mariko pleasantly, her smile hidden by the tape
on her lips.  "It's just that it's my daydream and I can't ever seem to
get him to untie me!" Mariko became a little annoyed at herself for
enjoying these fantasies a little more then her conscience should have
allowed, but the stirrings she felt when her mind wandered were slowly
breaking down her defenses.

  Mariko awoke from her little daydream to Ma'am's exuberant clapping
and several grunts of approval from the other members of the peanut
gallery.  Ma'am continued as Joan set about putting Gina back into her
seat.

  "Excellent, excellent! my dear!" said Ma'am as she sat behind the
big desk in the corner of the room.  Gina curtsied politely in response
to the compliments and then returned to her seat where Joan re?applied
the adhesive tape to her lips.

  Mariko concentrated as hard as she could on the lessons at hand.
Ma'am's next lecture regarded etiquette as it pertained to the daily
life of a slave.  When it suffices to curtsy, or when it is necessary
to kneel.  The rules of conduct for the well trained slave seemed to be
very formal to Mariko as she scribbled frantically in the notebook.
She wondered for a moment or two whether she would be able to remember
all of them...

  "Wait A Minute!!...  What's the matter with me!..." Mariko
muttered, berating herself.  "I don't want to remember ANY of these,
for crying out loud!" Mariko looked down at her notebook in amazement
as she realized that she had written down almost everything that Ma'am
had said over the last forty five minutes.  She looked up at Ma'am who
was still droning on about the proper way to kneel while attending a
Mistress.  (On her right, about three feet away with hands folded in
lap) Ma'am had a strange look on her face as she continued with her
lecture, she was looking steadily at something to Mariko's right.  She
continued with the lecture as she slowly approached the blackboard
behind the podium.  Mariko, as subtlety as possible, turned her head to
see what Ma'am was so intent upon.  All the other girls were writing
for all they were worth and Joan was reading a book in the front
corner of the room and was oblivious to what was transpiring in the
class.  Mariko turned a little further to her right and she could
finally see the object of Ma'am's attention.  Courtney sat slumped in
her seat at the rear of the classroom with her head bobbing up and
down as she was obviously slipping off to sleep.  A cold chill ran down
Mariko's back as she realized her friend's impending doom.  Suddenly a
chalkboard eraser flew across the room and bounced resoundingly off
Courtney's noggin.  The sequence of events that followed could best be
described as slap?stick.  Courtney jumped as high as a girl bound to a
chair possibly could, sending her pencil and notebooks crashing to the
floor and she let out a scream that would have awakened the dead.  The
tape on Courtney's lips proved itself about as effective as a candle
in a hurricane as it almost flew off her face.  All that did was scare
the heck out of everyone else in the room, Joan jumped to her feet so
fast it seemed like she had sat on a firecracker.  Everyone turned to
look at Courtney as she slid down in the chair with a horrified look
on her face as the chalk dust settled all around her.  It was obvious
she knew that she was in some very deep shit...
 
 The days seemed to run slowly together.  Mariko was getting used to
the routine of the school days.  It seemed the only thing that changed
was the uniform.  It was always a variation of the English
public?school girl outfit they had worn the first day.  Other times,
seemingly at random, they would be wearing another variation of the
school uniform: a gray skirt and gray pullover sweater in place of the
wool jumper of the other variation.  Of course, it also had the same
blue and gray striped necktie and blue blazer with the ever present
B&D Academy crest on the pocket.  Courtney, as had become the norm, sat
stiffly at attention on the stool in the corner.  Just as she had that
first day.  This time Joan and Ma'am had been more methodical than they
had been on the first day.  They had removed Courtney's blazer so that
she only had the sleeves of the thin sweater to cushion the bite of
the thin leather belt that welded her elbows together behind her back.
Identical belts pinned her ankles and knees tightly together.  They
strapped a leather collar around her neck that was very stiff and high
in the front so it forced her to hold her head up in a statuesque
fashion.  A thin strap ran from the back of the collar into her mouth
to hold a large blue ball securely in place.  As the final punishment
for not having memorized her lesson for the day she had been been bent
over the stool and smacked 25 times with the dreaded B&D Academy
paddle.  She had then been forced to sit on the throne, shifting her
weight from one sore buttock to the other in a futile attempt at
finding a comfortable position.  The pressure exerted by the elbow
strap didn't help as it pulled her shoulders back and forced her
breasts up and out against the clingy sweater, perfect targets for
Ma'am, who took great pleasure in poking and prodding the helpless
girl with her pointer at every opportunity.

  Mariko had other things on her mind as she busily scribbled in her
note book.  Time was running out and she had to finish her creative
writing assignment before the end of the week or else she would
certainly get enough demerits to wind up there beside Courtney.  Her
first story had warranted the punishment...  it got an "F".  It was
about a girl who was mistakenly arrested and handcuffed by a
policeman.  Ma'am said it was a nice start, but unfortunately, it was
Joan who was grading the papers.  She said that the content was weak,
the spelling atrocious, the grammar unintelligible and the plot
implausible.  (unlike OUR little story...:^) It got Mariko two days on
"THE STOOL".  Her second story was about an over bondaged judge who
ordered the unruly female defendant bound and gagged for the remainder
of her trial.  Then, when the female defense counselor argued a little
too long, the judge issued another "GAG Order" and dictated that she
be restrained as well.  The prosecution (You have two guesses what
gender the prosecution is...) argued that the defendant couldn't
possibly get a fair trial with her lawyer tied and gagged, So, the
judge simply evened things up by........

   ("...And the unprecedented trial is now in it's 107th day".)

  "Much better!" said Joan.

  Mariko was putting some of the finishing touches on her next story,
a science fiction, entitled: MARS NEEDS WOMEN! when Joan interrupted
everyone.

  "That's enough for today girls! Put your notebooks away..." She
said as she clapped her hands with authority.

  "We have a little surprise for you this afternoon." With that,
Ma'am came up to the front of the room with a big jumble of leather
straps which she placed on the front desk.

  "I just hate these surprises!" thought Mariko.  Out of the pile
fell a blue ball gag that was quickly snatched up by Joan who casually
brushed it off and waited as Ma'am helped Linda out of her seat.

  "Ma'am and I decided that since it was such a lovely day outside,
We would take you for a Nature walk." she began.  "There are countless
examples of flora and fauna to be discovered on the estate, and maybe
we'll be lucky enough to be able to find some of it."

  "HUmmp, I'll bet there's someone named Flo and Fawn tied to some
tree out there..." Mused Mariko.  It would be typical.

  Linda was marched up to the front of the room as Joan and Ma'am set
about getting her ready for her "Outing".  Joan removed the tape from
Linda's mouth and held the ballgag up to her lips.  Linda reluctantly
opened her mouth and Joan deftly inserted the plug and tightened the
straps around the back of her neck, under her hair.  Ma'am was busy on
the floor as she used a pair of ankle cuffs with about eighteen inches
of chain to hobble the girl.  After Joan had gagged Linda, she pulled a
narrow belt out of the pile and put it around Linda's waist.  Attached
to the center of the belt was a metal ring which stuck out of the flap
in the back of her blazer.  Ma'am then reached up and locked the loose
cuff to the ring.  Therefore, Linda's hands were loosely but
inescapably attached to her body.  Joan used a small lock to prevent
anyone tampering with the belt.  Ma'am went and got Linda's hat, A
straw "Skimmer" type hat with a blue ribbon that hung over the rim in
the back, and popped it on the blushing school?woman's head.

  "If we're not careful, their gonna come and scoop us all up in a
net and take us away!" thought our soon?to?be, courageous, butterfly
hunter.

  Soon, the entire class was outfitted for their trek.  Mariko chewed
on the ball trying to work it into a more comfortable seating in her
mouth, without much luck.  She looked around at the others as Joan and
Ma'am had left them locked in the cloak room for a few moments.
Courtney had the dubious distinction of being the only one in a unique
situation.  Their two "Head Mistresses" had determined that she still
had some more discipline time coming so they had only deemed it
necessary to remove her ankle strap so she could walk.  As it was, she
was tottering around like Frankenstein because of the neck brace.
Everyone else milled around waiting for their guide's return, making
slurping sounds while trying to become accustom to the things that had
been imposed on their oral cavities.

  Before long the main door to the cloak room opened and the girls
were greeted by the sight of Ma'am and Joan who had changed into
matching Khaki safari outfits with leather boots, gun belts (complete
with cap pistols.) and safari helmets.  The guides were all business as
they herded the bound girls into a line and the party was off on a
trip to adventure.

  Joan led the party out of the house and followed a trail out through
the garden and down a path into the woods.  They marched wearily along,
stopping periodically while Joan pointed out something of profound
interest to the unimpressed hikers.  Ma'am spent most of the tour
walking just behind Mariko who was dawdling at the back of the line of
girls.

  The class had not traveled very far when from behind them, one of
the oriental guards jogged up the trail to our intrepid little band
and called out for them to stop.

  "Ma'am!" the guard began.  "Mistress Allison, she send me find you,
She say you bring Miss Sweetcakes to her right away."

  "Right now?" Ma'am questioned.

  "Yes, now." the guard nodded.

  "Well, I suppose, but will you be all right with all of them
Joan?"

  "Sure, no problem...  Just leave Ting?le here with me." answered
Joan.

  "Okay, Sweetcakes! Front and center!" Ma'am shouted even though
everyone was right there.  Kelly stepped reluctantly forward.

  "We have to make some time dear." Ma'am said as she knelt to
remove Sweetcakes hobble.  Ma'am snapped one end onto Kelly's wrist and
using it as a leash, pulled Kelly off in the direction of the house,
turning back only to wave good?bye to the expedition.  So the group
forged ahead.

  After about twenty minutes of following the winding trail they came
to the edge of the woods where it bordered the estates stable area.
The parade proceeded along beside one of the white stock fences that
made up the horse runs.  In the next pen Mariko could see Richard
fiddling with one of the legs of his camera's tripod as he was
preparing to shoot some pictures of one of Allison's mares.  When he
heard the clinking of the girl's hobbles he turned suddenly as they
had surprised him.  When he saw who it was, a wide grin came across his
face as he finished his adjustments and rose to intercept the group as
they passed by.

  "Good afternoon ladies!" he said magnanimously as the group neared
him.  Joan stopped short in front of Richard and tipped her hat.  All
the schoolwomen stopped and faced Richard and politely curtsied to
him.  Mariko made it a point to dip just a little bit lower then the
others, She hoped he wouldn't overlook the significance of it.

  Richard looked over the whole motley crew.  When he reached Mariko
his eyes lingered.  "And how are you today...  " he said, addressing the
group but never taking his eyes off the petite Japanese woman.

  "We're all fine! " replied Joan, but Richard didn't respond.  He
was only asking one member of the group and when Mariko nodded he
smiled.  "Nice hat." he said to Mariko who blushed about four shades of
red, and then he turned to converse with Joan.

  "I'm so happy to hear that Joannie dear, but I was wondering if I
could borrow one of these lovely ladies to give me a hand here while I
work." Mariko perked right up! "Oh Please..." she thought.

  "I'm sorry Richard but that is out of the question! I'm in charge,
and these girls are out here to study, not play games! " replied Joan
abruptly.  Mariko's heart sank.  If only she could be alone with him for
a few moments.  She had so many things she wanted to tell him.  And
escape was one that was pretty far down on the list.

  "It's not games! It's real work.  Honest!" countered Richard with a
demeanor that only lacked a glowing halo over his head.

  "Sure...  Work...  " replied Joan.  "Not today Richard.  C'Mon girls,
we've got a lot of ground to cover.  Let's go!" With that Mariko felt a
shove on her shoulder and she reluctantly followed the group back
along the trail and into the woods.  Mariko glanced back several times
as she was prodded off.  Richard waved and watched the procession as
they continued off into the woods before he went back to work setting
up the shoot.
 
  Mariko was having trouble keeping her bearings as the little band of
explorers proceeded through the woods to another clearing.  There Joan
stopped the group.

  "This is a good place to take our break." She explained as she
sat down on the grass and laid back.  "You all can look for interesting
plants and such and when we get started again I'll explain them to
you...  Ting?le, you watch the group as they work."

  With that, the uniformed girls began to spread out in a vain attempt
to find something interesting.  Mariko looked about for a few moments
as she drifted over nearer the woods.  As she drifted further away she
nonchalantly glanced back at Joan, who seemed intent on taking a nap
and then at the guard who was walking in distracted circles kicking at
the ground.  The moment was at hand.  Mariko suddenly met eyes with
Courtney who was in the center of the group.  With her knees and elbows
still strapped tightly together, she didn't have a prayer of getting
very far.  Courtney obviously knew exactly what Mariko was planning and
she nodded intently to her friend.  Mariko had reached a small rise on
the edge of the field close to the woods where she paused and looked
back.  At that moment Courtney let out a scream and fell forward.  It
was now or never!

  Mariko broke for the woods and in seconds was out of sight of the
group.  She felt a rush of exhilaration unlike anything she had ever
experienced before in her life as she rushed on through the trees as
fast as her hobbled legs could carry her.  She found that she moved
most effectively when she did a little gallop step rather then
attempting a full run which was noisy and more awkward as her feet
reached the end of the tether.  She fell twice but luckily she landed
on soft ground and was unhurt.  Another problem quickly arose as she
hurried along, the ball, still strapped securely in her mouth, was
preventing her from getting all the air she needed and therefor she
was becoming winded quickly.

  She decided she had better stop for a moment to rest and decide on a
strategy for escape.  She spied a dense clump of bushes that would
afford some cover so she stepped into them to rest.  The first thing
was to try to get the damn gag off.  Actually it was the only thing she
could do because every thing else she was wearing locked.  She tried to
pull her hands around far enough to reach the gag but while she was
running her blazer had slipped off her shoulders and was caught
halfway down her arms thus hampering her movement even more.  She
couldn't get her hands up anywhere near her face.  She then tried to
pry the gag off using a nearby branch but the strap was far too tight
to get a stick between her cheek and the leather strap.  It was
hopeless to try this route anymore.  Obviously, there wouldn't be any
getting loose without help.  Now she had to figure a way out of there.
It didn't take long for her to realize that she really didn't have any
idea which way to go.  Mariko had little choice but to just choose a
direction and hope for the best.

  Mariko picked herself up and started walking in a direction away
from the way she had just come.  She moved along at as quick a pace as
she could stand and tried to keep going in a straight line.  Eventually
she would have to reach somewhere where there would be someone to help
her.  Suddenly she heard the sound of a horse whinnying.

  "Oh NO!" thought Mariko.  "I've headed right back!" she moaned.
Sure enough, Mariko reached the edge of the woods and she was right
behind the stables about 150 yards away from where they had seen
Richard.  Directly in front of her was a big red barn with an empty
corral next to it.  Off to the right, Mariko could make out a ranch
hand.  She thought it was that guy, Karl, who she had met before.
Suddenly she saw a flash of light way off to the left in the corral
where Richard had been working, He was still there! That was that!
Mariko instantly decided what she would do.  She would make her way
over to him without being seen.  He was sure to take her gag off and
then she could explain and get him to help her.  Mariko crept out of
the woods and as quickly as she could, she made her way to the back of
the barn.  She crept quietly around the side of the barn and out to the
front where the horse path was enclosed within two fences.  Mariko
would have to cross this path and then go the 100 yards or so to where
Richard was working, This was obviously the most dangerous part
because it was all in the open, but she had to try.  Mariko crept
forward and was about to squeeze between the slats in the fence when,
from around the corner of the barn came the thundering of hoofs.
Mariko was just barely able to throw herself backward behind a bale of
hay as three horses thundered by and off down the trail.  Mariko peeked
up from her hiding place to see Allison, in her typical jeans and
cowboy hat riding attire leading Sir Reginald, who was also casually
dressed in hacking clothes, who was pulling the reins of a third horse
carrying Kelly.  She was in personalized, formal fox hunting clothes,
a long white riding skirt, Black high heeled boots and a tight red
jacket.  Her white cravat had pulled loose and was flapping over her
shoulder and across her face in the wind.  There was little she could
do about that annoyance because her jacket had no sleeves, only a
square pouch in the back into which Kelly's arms were folded.  She was
also wearing a riding/discipline helmet similar to the derby Mariko
had grown to despise over the course of her trip with Allison.  Mariko
couldn't help but shake her head in amazement.  Kelly was even riding
side saddle, "Now that had to be scary!" thought Mariko!

  As the sound of the hoofs faded, Mariko picked herself up and moved
forward, intent on continuing with her plan.  She looked carefully to
the right and then to the left to where the horses had just passed and
then she began squeezing through the fence again.

  "Whoa there, my little filly!" came a voice from behind her as a
hand tangled itself in her hair and pulled her back through the fence.
"Just where do ya think you're goin'" Mariko suddenly found herself
face to face with Karl, who kept a firm grip in her hair almost
lifting her off the ground.  "What's say you an me have a little
party!"

  This was trouble!! Mariko's eyes flew open and she screamed as loud
as she could but most of the sound was smothered by the ball in her
mouth.  Karl wrapped his arms around Mariko's waist and easily lifted
the desperately struggling girl off the ground "I ain't never had one
like you before..." he whispered in her ear as he carried her towards
the back of the barn.  Mariko was desperately trying to kick him, but
her fettered feet were almost no use at all.  She kicked both feet into
the side of the barn in an attempt to knock Karl off balance but to no
avail, all it did was make some noise.  Karl carried her to the back of
the barn and then dropped her down into some hay.  Mariko's mind was
screaming as she desperately tried to get up but Karl had one foot
firmly planted on her ankle chain preventing her from standing up.

  "I always wondered about the type who likes the rough stuff.  But
hey Baby?san, If that's what you want, Ol' Karl's ready to provide."
he said as he leered down at the prone girl.  "Get yourself ready for
the wildest ride you ever done had!" With that, Karl knelt down next
to Mariko and pushed her sweater up around her neck and ripped open
the buttons of her blouse.  He pulled her bra up over her breasts and
began pulling and pinching her nipples between his callused fingers.
Mariko struggled, but he easily kept her pinned to the ground.  When he
turned his attention to ripping her panties she could do nothing more
the screw her eyes shut and try to shut out the sound of his grunting
breaths.

 "What da F..." THUD!!!! All the weight suddenly disappeared from
Mariko's side..  The prying fingers were gone.  The sound was that of a
body crashing against the side of the barn.  Mariko opened her eyes and
through a veil of tears she saw two men facing each other off.

  "You Mother! She's mine! Get away from her!" shouted Karl.

  "No...  You're not gonna hurt her.  You wanna try, Your gonna have
to go through me!" replied Richard through gritted teeth.  Mariko
crawled back, away from the two men as the tears continued to well up.
Karl reached around into his pocket and pulled out a knife.  Richard
didn't move.

  "I'll cut you!" shouted Karl "Get away!" Richard still didn't
move.  Karl suddenly lunged at Richard.  Richard stepped back and to the
side and faster then Mariko could follow, his foot flew up and knocked
the knife right out of Karl's hand.  With the same motion Richard spun
around and planted his other foot directly in the center of Karl's
chest with enough force to send him crashing back into the side of the
barn.  Mariko had never seen karate in real life before but it was
obvious that Richard was giving Karl a lesson right now.  Karl stood
dazed as Richard moved forward and spun again, kicking him across the
face.  Karl crashed back into the barn wall then crumbled forward to
the ground, unconscious.

  Richard came and knelt next to the sobbing girl, he gently lifted
her head into his lap and cradled it there for a moment while he
pulled her sweater back down to cover her.

  "Don't worry, you're safe now, he can't hurt you." Richard said
soothingly.  "It's a good thing I heard you.  There, there...  it's all
right now." He lifted her head again and pulled the gag strap loose
and as gently as he could, pulled the gag loose.  Mariko looked up at
her rescuer as her mouth moved wordlessly.  The last thing she saw was
Richard's comforting eyes as the darkness fell around her.  Richard
could only hold her close as Mariko slowly fainted.
 
 
  ***  END OF PART 5 ***
 
 




                        B & D ACADEMY
 
                         CHAPTER 6
 



                         By SNIDLEY
 
 


  Mariko slowly began to regain her senses.  After a few moments she came to 
the realization that they must have brought her back to her little bedroom  in
the basement of the estate.  The events of the day all seemed like some  type
of terrible nightmare now and she was glad to be finally safe again.   She
could hear that there were several other people in the room and
curiosity got the best of her so she didn't want them to know she was awake 
just yet.  She simply kept her eyes shut, feinting sleep and she listened to 
the conversation that was going on beside her.

  "I don't care what happened! It's your responsibility! She could have been 
hurt...  or worse!" Allison shouted.

  "But Ting?le was supposed to be watching them while Ma'am was gone." said 
Joan defensively.

  "No! You were both supposed to be watching...  If it wasn't for Richard..." 
"Really, I'm sorry Allison.  It won't happen again.  I promise."

  "Yes, I know you're sorry, but that doesn't fix anything.  I've got some 
hard decisions to be made about this." said Allison angrily.

  "But it was Ting?le who was supposed to watch her." said Joan with a
desperate sound in her voice.  "She's the one who should be in trouble!" 
  
  "Don't you worry about little Miss Ting?le, she's being taken care of right 
now." said Allison, "I'd be more worried about myself, if I were you!"  "I
wonder if Mariko is awake yet?" asked Joan, obviously trying to change  the
subject.
  
  Allison quietly approached Mariko and gently touched her shoulder.

  "Mariko, Mariko, wake up dear..."

  Mariko decided that it was pointless to continue her charade so she opened 
her eyes and sat up.

  "Dear girl, I'm so sorry this happened..." began Allison, Mariko was a 
little surprised by her demeanor, Allison was truly sorry.  "We didn't mean 
for this to happen.  We try to take all precautions.  Nothing like this has 
EVER happened here before.  And I'll see to it it never happens again!" She 
said as she glanced intensely at Joan.

  "But I didn't mean it!" said Joan desperately.  "It was an accident!"

  "It doesn't matter what I believe now does it?" replied Allison.

  Mariko thoughts had drifted away from the two bickering girls.  She was 
trying to put the terrible events of the day out of her mind and she didn't 
want anything to rekindle them.  There was only one thing she wanted to 
remember, and that was the sight of Richard, Her brave, powerful Richard, 
risking his life to save her.  Mariko had never felt this way before.  She 
couldn't get the thought of him out of her mind, and she hoped she never 
would be able forget him.  What's more, she resolved that she had to see him 
again, to tell him how she felt.  That, suddenly, took over all her thoughts, 
she decided it was worth anything just to see him again! Even if it meant 
having to stay here a little bit longer.  (Uggh!)

  "You believe me don't you?" said Joan, interrupting Mariko's day?dream.  
"Yeah, sure..." replied Mariko sarcastically.  She didn't for a moment doubt 
Joan's sincerity, but she wasn't about to let her off the hook so easily.  
"Really! I wouldn't want that to happen to anyone! Please! I'm sorry..."  Joan
said as tears welled up in her eyes.  Mariko suddenly felt bad about  pushing
her a little too far.

  "It's okay Joan, I'm all?right.  I'm sure next time you'll just watch me a 
little more carefully." Mariko said "Ehrrr, Wow! I can't believe I just said 
that!" shaking her head.
 
   Allison couldn't help but smile at all this.  This little Japanese girl was 
a lot more then she had expected.

  "That's enough for now." said Allison, applying her stern face again.  She 
turned again to Joan and said "Why don't you go down to the kitchen?, Pierre 
has some chores for you."

  Joan groaned but she understood that this was not a request, so she turned 
and hurried out the door.  When she was gone, Allison turned back to Mariko.  
"If you'll dress, I would love to have you join me for dinner."
 
 Mariko knew she couldn't turn down such a gracious request, so she hurried 
and changed into the simple skirt and blouse that Allison had provided for 
her.  After she had finished, Allison took out a pair of steel handcuffs and 
came towards out heroine.  Mariko, more out of habit then conscious thought, 
turned her back to Allison and raised her hands up to be secured behind her 
back.

  "That won't be necessary tonight dear," Allison said, "In front will
 suffice."

  Mariko couldn't pass this up! After being done up with everything from rope 
to tape, steel, cloth, rubber and canvas.  This comfortable, (albeit boring) 
restraint would be just heaven.

  After locking the cuffs in place, Allison led Mariko out of her room and 
headed to the elevators.  As they approached, the elevator doors opened and 
two of the oriental guards exited.  They came down the hall and stopped in 
front of one of the cells where they pulled the bolt to unlock the door.  
Mariko couldn't help but notice that one of them was carrying the biggest 
vibrator she had ever seen, along with a handful of spring clothespins.  They 
were both giggling as they pulled the door open and Mariko was able to  glance
past them.  Inside, there was a figure bent over at the waist, who was  wrapped
up in tape from her navel to her eyes just like an Egyptian mummy.   The
mummy's arms were pressed together behind her back and like the rest of  her,
completely wound in the sticky white tape.  A thin cord ran from the end  of
her taped fingers pulling them up towards a steel ring embedded in the 
ceiling and then back down to where it was tied to a tuft of her black hair 
forcing the unfortunate girl to bend forward to relieve some of the pressure 
on her shoulders.  The only exposed parts of her upper body were her nipples, 
nose, eyes and the top of her head.  Even the majority of her hair was caught 
up in the wrappings.  Her feet were stretched wide and tied to rings anchored 
in the cold stone floor of the cell.  Mariko couldn't help but remember 
Allison's statement.  Ting?le was indeed, being well taken care of.

   Mariko was going to enjoy this dinner, she could just tell.  The food was 
wonderful and not being tightly restrained and force fed was a rare
privilege.  It was a little awkward using cuffed wrists to cut her meal but 
the joyous freedom the loose cuffs provided was well worth that minor
annoyance.  Allison and Mariko spoke briefly about the day's happenings but 
both girl's seemed relieved to put it behind them.  Allison had pooh?pooh'ed 
Mariko's suggestion that she should be released after what had happened.  
(Somehow her response was exactly what Mariko had expected) Security had  been
doubled and Karl was long gone, Richard had seen to that.  Allison would  never
have employed someone who could not control himself (or herself).  That  would
have been an unacceptable danger to the girls who came to the Academy.   All of
her employees were screened carefully and regularly to ensure their 
stability.  But unfortunately, in Karl's case, one had slipped through the 
cracks.

   The two girls ate and chatted about all kinds of subjects, Allison talked 
at length about some of the current events that were going on around the 
world during the previous two months that Mariko had been indispose.  Mariko 
sat half listening to Allison and thinking about Richard, her thoughts were 
only about when she would be able to see him again.

  "Allison," Mariko began, "I would really like to thank Richard for what he 
did today.  Is there any way I could see him?"
  "Well, actually Richard has been called back home on business for a couple 
of weeks.  He has a job on the west coast you see.  It was really a stroke of 
luck that he was even here today.  He was just finishing up a layout as a 
favor to me." replied Allison.
  "It seems we were both fortunate doesn't it?"
  "Yes, of course.  But anyway, I'm quite sure that Richard understands your 
feelings and appreciates your errr...  our, gratitude.  said Allison.

  "Sure that's good but I'd still like to thank him myself, If I can."

  "Of course, I understand..." replied Allison.  "I'll make it a point to 
arrange a get together as soon as he comes back."

  "Thank you Allison, it would really mean a great deal to me..." said

  Mariko.  At least now she knew that she would see her knight again.  All she 
would have to do it wait a little while longer.  With that in mind Mariko 
continued.  "So, what's gonna happen while we wait? I have some idea's."  "Yes,
I'm quite sure you do, My dear...  but I think the best course is to  get right
back on the horse.  So to speak..." said Allison

  "I didn't know I had gotten off!" replied Mariko holding up her cuffed 
wrists.

  "That's the spirit! I knew you wouldn't really want to leave us just yet." 
said Allison triumphantly.

  "I wouldn't go so far as to say that!" said Mariko, but she really didn't 
sound very convincing, even to herself.

  "Nonsense, You can hardly wait to see what's around the next corner." said 
Allison knowingly.  "That's what I've been trying to get you to realize all 
along.  The Suspense! The Mystery! The Expectation, that's where the
excitement is.  That's what bondage is all about.  I think your finally
beginning to realize it!"

   Mariko had to admit (to herself anyway...) that what Allison said was  true.
It was like being blindfolded all the time.  She never knew what was  about to
happen and this was, in a way, thrilling to her.  She was constantly  amazed by
what she could bear.  So far they had not won.  She had never given  up or given
in.  No matter how outrageous her captors had gotten.  So far,  Mariko could
proudly say she had taken their best and had not told them  about her
connection with Ivan Rasovitz.  So far, she had won.

  "Well, I would love some coffee before we get desert, Would you like some?" 
said Allison.

  "Yes, I would like some." said Mariko, suspecting some kind of a trick.     
 
  Allison reached forward and took up a bell and rang it briskly.  With that, 
Mariko heard the click of high heels approaching from the kitchen, along  with
the sound of an answering bell that somewhat corresponded to the sound  of the
steps as they approached.  The door to the kitchen opened slowly and  the sight
that met Mariko's eyes brought joy to her heart.  Into the room  stepped the
tall figure of Joan, who was wearing what could only be described as a 
caricature of a maid's uniform.  It was black satin with white  lace trim and 
a white, starched apron.  The neckline plunged well below her ample breasts 
which were supported by a push up bra.  Under her tiny skirt were layers of 
petticoats which ballooned out around her nylon covered thighs.  Her hair was piled high on top of her head in a beehive hairdo held in place with what looked like a gallon of hair spray and a lace headpiece that matched the rest of the lace 
on the uniform she wore was pinned to the crest of her hair.  As she shuffled 
towards the dinner table Mariko noted with a smile that Joan was carrying a tray that contained all the ingredients for their after dinner coffee.  Actually, 
carrying was an incorrect choice of words.  She was "bearing" a tray similar to that of the old fashion cigarette girl.  A strap ran from the front of the tray up around her neck, and another strap circled around her waist.  As she teetered
forward, Mariko noticed the pair of high heel, ankle strap pumps with heels 
about six inches high that encased her feet.  A thin chain about 10 inches 
long connected her feet together making walking, at best, difficult.  Joan 
tottered over to Allison, who began serving the coffee on the tray.  Mariko 
looked up at Joan's face where beads of perspiration rolled down her
forehead and streamed unchecked by the huge false eyelashes into her
fluttering eyes.  A tight black rubber strap was pulled tightly across her 
face and her cheeks bulged out over it.  Under the strap, Mariko could
clearly see the impression of her mouth, distended around a hard rubber 
ball.  While she marveled at the size of Joan's gag, Mariko discovered the 
source of the sound of the tiny bell.  It hung from a gold ring that hung  from
the center of Joan's nose with one prong entering each of her nostrils.   
"Cream?" asked Allison casually, as she turned towards Mariko who was  staring
at the ring in disbelief.  Allison chuckled and reached up and took  hold of
the ring and before Mariko could even gasp she gave it a steady pull,  forcing
Joan to dip her knees so as not to spill the coffee on the tray.    

  "You didn't think this was fake, Did you?" 

  She twisted it gently, coaxing  Joan to turn her face for Mariko's inspection.  The sturdy ring was an loop of gold.  Where the two ends met there was a ball of gold to hold the two ends firmly together.  It passed right through Joan's 
septum.

  "I just love this kind of thing..." Allison began "Something that annoys 
the wearer, that dominates her thoughts, that she would give anything to 
remove, but because of her circumstances there isn't a darn thing she can do 
to be rid of it.  It makes her totally dependent on me for her relief.  I  can't
think of anything that impresses helplessness on a slave better then 
something like this.  It's not like whipping or other crass things like  that,
this is just so, so...  subtle.  Don't you think." Said Allison
emphatically as she motioned to Joan to lean forward.  Joan complied by 
bending her knees and squatting gracefully so as not to spill any of the 
tray's contents.   When she released the ring Joan grimaced as it
seemed that the slightest little twist on the ring was uncomfortable.

  "We must try one on you sometime, so you can see just what I mean." said 
Allison enthusiastically as Joan struggled back upright.

  "Gee, I can hardly wait..." said Mariko sarcastically trying to hide  the
fear.

  "Splendid! Then I'll have to remember to bring some along sometime..." 
Mariko wondered just when she would be smart enough to keep her big mouth 
shut.  (It seems there's never a gag around when you really need one!)

  Allison handed Mariko her coffee and curtly dismissed Joan who turned to 
walk away.  Mariko laughed out loud as Joan turned her back on the two diners.  Mariko's source of amusement was the back of Joan's dress, or rather, the lack of it.  There was absolutely nothing covering the cheeks of her derriere.  Below the huge white bow where her apron strings were tied,  all the petticoats and outer skirt stopped as they curled around her back  forming an up?side down "U" out of which stuck her little bum.  To prevent  her from covering herself, both her arms were caught up in a matching black  satin bag which kept her hands up and out of the way and it must have been  effective given the shade of pink her backside glowed.  There were several  ugly red ovals spaced evenly around her ass cheeks as well, but Mariko was  uncertan what could have produced them.  When she reached the door a tall man  wearing a white suit with a chief's hat opened the door for her.  Before she  entered the kitchen Joan turned and looked back at the grinning gloating  Mariko with a look that sent chills down the little Japanese woman's spine.   
With that, the chief sent her on her way with a little smack on her backside  
with a big oval wooded spoon and then followed the maid into the kitchen.   

   "Oh well," thought Mariko, "I guess I might as well enjoy this while I  can..." 

   The girls then enjoyed their coffee together.

   "Do you know what I'm in the mood for tonight?" Allison suddenly blurted.  

   "Debauchery?" thought Mariko.   (It was a reasonable guess)

   "It's almost too sinful to consider...  but...."

   "This aught to be a good one..." thought Mariko.  She didn't bother to worry 
any more.

  "...ICE CREAM!!..." said Allison conspiratorially.

  "That's okay, Allison...  You said that I should stay on my diet.  I think I 
have the will power to resist." said Mariko, knowing full well it wouldn't 
make any difference.

  "No, I think I must insist.  You see I feel much less guilty when I can 
share the blame." responded Allison.

  "Oh great! More blame for me..."

  Allison clapped her hands to summon two of the oriental guards.  "Tell Ma'am 
to bring the Town car around front.  And take my friend out to the car, We're 
going for ICE CREAM!"

  Mariko was walked out to the front hall by the two guards.  When they 
reached the front door they detoured into a walk?in coat closet where they 
forced her to kneel and unlocked her handcuffs to transfer her hands behind 
her back.  Once she was secured, one of the guards pulled out a 1 1/2 inch, 
plastic coated, steel ring with two leather straps attached to the sides and 
held it up to Mariko's face.  When it was secured, Mariko's mouth was held 
three?quarters open and she could stick her tongue out through the center of 
the ring, but this was only momentary as there followed a rubber ball which 
was exactly the circumference of the inside of the ring.  This was held in 
place by a velcro strap that stuck from one cheek strap to the other.  Mariko 
tried, but her tongue was not strong enough to break the grip of the velcro 
strap.  Once she was suitably silenced the guards set about the next stage of 
preparation.  They stripped her.  It happened almost too fast for Mariko to 
resist.  First they unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it back to the
struggling girl's cuffed wrists.  They produced a set of velcro cuffs that 
they attached to her elbows, pulling them together behind her back.  When  they
touched, the girls removed Mariko's steel handcuffs and pulled the  shirt from
her hands.  The steel cuffs were discarded in favor of a set of  velcro ones
identical to the ones on her elbows.  They made short work of her  skirt and
stockings, leaving Mariko to stand before them tied, gagged and  nude except
for a pair of red high heel pumps who's color came close to  matching the
shade of her face.  With little ceremony, they grabbed Mariko's  arms and
forced her outside and down the walkaway to where a long gray  limousine
waited.  Mariko had never felt this naked before.  The cool breeze  blew across
her skin and she could feel every hair on her body stand and  tingle, and her
nipples pop erect.  The guards half walked, and half carried  the girl to the
car and as they got there, the driver's door suddenly opened  and out stepped
Ma'am, who went to the back of the car to open the door.  She  was dressed in a
tight gray chauffeur's uniform with two rows of brass  buttons running down
the front of the high necked jacket and with high  heeled black boots and a
chauffeur's cap to complete the look.   Mariko was  quickly shoved inside, but
not before she noticed that all the rear windows  of the car were completely
blacked out.  It was impossible for anyone to see  inside.  Her consternation
grew as she was seated on the plastic coated seat  and more velcro straps were
used to strap her ankles together and then they  used two wide seat belts, one
just below her navel and the other under her  breasts to hold her in her seat.  
   "I don't think I like the looks of this..." She thought as the guards and 
Ma'am withdrew leaving her alone in the huge car.

   Mariko took a moment to look around at her surroundings.  In the back of  the
driver's seat there was a T.V.  set that was turned off, and next to the  T.V.
was a fully stocked bar.  There was a magnetic bottle opener stuck on  the top
of the bar which Mariko tried to reach with her feet but it was too  far away.
There was also a phone that she could reach with her toes, but  besides
knocking the receiver off the hook and trying to dial a call to  Japan in an
attempt to run up Allison's phone bill, it was of little use to  the gagged
girl.  Mariko was amazed with the windows of the car.  Although it  was next to
impossible to see inside from the outside, it appeared that  there was only a
very slight tint when looking out.  At that moment, Mariko  could see Allison
as she hurried out of the front door and rushed down the  walk.  Ma'am stepped
out and opened the door for Allison who climbed across  Mariko and into her
seat, buckling herself in with a seat belt.

   "There! I guess we're all set!" she said cheerily as Ma'am slid into the 
driver's seat and started the car.

   They must have rode for about ten minutes before they finally reached the 
front gate of the estate.  Mariko was amazed by the size of the place, she 
figured it would have taken her days to reach the edge of the property with 
her ankles hobbled as they had been that morning.

  "Quite a ride eh?" said Allison as if she was reading Mariko's mind again.  
"As you can see, I really do enjoy my privacy."

   Mariko nodded her understanding in return.

   "I really am a little uncomfortable riding around with you all tied up like 
this.  Of course, I trust Ma'am's driving implicitly but we always have to 
worry about the other guy while we're on the road.  What with all the
incidence of drunk driving we must all be a bit more careful while we
travel.  We always try to be very careful with our most valuable cargo.  You 
know?" said Allison.  "I can have you loose in a matter of seconds with those 
velcro straps if need be."  She said.

  Mariko had never really thought about it much, but she was a little
surprised and flattered by Allison's concern.  She was forever amazed at how 
thorough her captors were.  They always seemed to put just as much emphasis  on
her safety as on her discomfort.
 
  They proceeded down the highway, occasionally passing cars and
trucks where Mariko could clearly see envious faces turn and gawk at
the stretch limo with it's beautiful blonde chauffeurette behind the
wheel.  Mariko couldn't help wonder how they would react if they knew
that there was a nude girl, tightly bound and securely gagged in the
back seat looking back at them helplessly.  She wondered how many would
be aghast at her bizarre circumstances, how many would be
thrilled?..., how many envious?...

  "Perhaps, most would think I was lucky..." she thought.  "Naahh, I
doubt that it'd be MOST...  but it might be more then I'd expect."

  Suddenly Allison exclaimed "OH!!" and began rummaging around in her
purse.

  "I can't believe it! I almost forgot!" she continued and she
frantically searched in her bag.  Mariko waited with semi?baited breath
as Allison finally removed a folded wad of tissue from her bag.

  "Tah DAHHH!!!" Allison said ceremoniously, as she unfolded the
tissue and removed not one, but three of the rings that Joan had been
(and probably still was) wearing.

  "You looked so anxious to try these at the dinner table that I
decided that there was no time like the present, so I dug these up for
you! That's what took me so long, I had a dickens of a time finding
them."

  "You needn't have gone to all that trouble for little ol' me!"
thought our considerably apprehensive heroine.   Allison grabbed a
handful of Mariko's jet black hair and pulled it back, forcing
Mariko's head to follow.

  "Here, all you have to do is tilt your head back and I'll do the
rest." Allison said as her deft fingers pressed the ring against
Mariko's septum.

  Mariko realised that this ring was somewhat different then the ring
Joan wore.  It was a loop of sturdy metal that, where it came together
had two tiny balls of metal that gripped onto whatever was forced
between them.  These rings would not pierce the skin of her septum, but
rather would clip to it.  There was an uncomfortable pressure as
Allison forced the ring to spread around the wide lower part of her
nose.  Suddenly, the ring snapped down on the tender inner portion of
her nose and the pressure was replaced with an equally uncomfortable,
continuous pinch.

  Allison sat back smiling as Mariko thrashed her head back and forth
trying to dislodge the offending object.  The gay jingling of the tiny
bell was a counterpoint to the gagged grunts of the struggling girl.
Mariko tried to rub the ring off on her shoulder but with her elbows
still touching, she was unable to twist her head far enough to reach.
She brought her knees up and tried again to rub the ring out of her
nose but all she was able to do was twist the ring and make it pinch
even more.  Finally, she simply sat back and glared at Allison who was
thoroughly enjoying Mariko's contortions.

  "I wish I had my camera!" exclaimed Allison merrily.

  "I bet you do!!!!!" Mariko shouted, but all that came past the
ball was "NI wethh NU Nuu!" followed by a stream of dribble.  Allison
calmly wiped Mariko's chin and continued to smile at the helpless girl
who was scrunching her nose and crossing her eyes in a vain attempt to
see the insidious little device that was already driving her out of
her mind.

  "Be careful or else you eyes will stick like that!"

  "MMMAARRRRGGHH!!!!!"

  Mariko was finally beginning to calm down and resign herself to the
fact that the stupid ring wasn't coming off.  She turned and looked
away from Allison resolving that she wouldn't give her the
satisfaction of being able to look at her handiwork.

  "Yoo Hoo!" said Allison after a moment.

  "Humph" replied Mariko as she tossed her head back and turned her
face further away accompanied by the ever present "ting?a?ling" of the
bell.

  "Psssst!..." Mariko deemed not to look back.  "...Hey, look!" said
Allison.  She was very persistent.  Mariko would never give her the
satisfaction.  There was a long pause, then there was only the tinkling
sound of a bell, unfortunately, this time Mariko hadn't moved.  She
spun around to face Allison,  this movement caused the little bell
hanging from her nose to ring incessantly.  As Mariko stared in horror
at Allison, the bell hanging from her nose slowly quieted, but the
sound of a bell ringing hadn't ceased.  The sound came from the other
two rings Allison held in front of Mariko's pleading eyes.

   Mariko sat beside her grinning captor with her face pursed and her
eyes shut against the continuous pinch of the ring in her nose and the
annoying sound of the bells that now dangled from each of her nipples.
With every breath, the bells reminded everyone of their location, to
Mariko's chagrin and to Allison's continued glee.

  The limo pulled into the parking lot of the outdoor ice cream stand.
There were not many people at the little stand but those who were
there were clearly intrigued by the sight of the long gray limousine
as it rolled to a stop close to the stand.  Ma'am had parked the car
far enough away so as to discourage anyone approaching the car without
looking really conspicuous, but close enough so they could still get a
good look.  Ma'am turned and lowered the small window that allowed her
to speak directly to Allison but did not expose the passenger
compartment to any prying eyes.  After she had received seversal dollar
bills and Allison's selections for the flavors of the day, Double
German Chocolate cake for herself and Vanilla for Mariko, she slid the
window closed and stepped out of the car.  Mariko had never seen anyone
stop traffic before, but that is exactly what happened the moment the
statuesque blonde chauffeurette stepped out of the car.  Mariko sat and
admired Ma'am's poise as she calmly strutted to the ice cream stand
and took her place in the line.  The people there stood and gawked at
her with little thought of filling their gaping mouths with any ice
cream.  To her credit, she simply looked around at all of them coolly,
as if to say "Wasa matter? you never saw a chauffeur before?" She
passed several teen?age boys who stepped out of the line to let her
by.  Mariko could see they were intimidated by being that close to the
image of a woman they may have fantasized about.  (Or soon would!)
Ma'am conducted the business at the window and returned with the two
cones to the car.

  She passed the cones discreetly back to Allison, who began to lick
the tiny ice flows off the melting cones.  At that same moment, a car
load of people, boys and girls, probably from the nearby collage
pulled up next to the limo and began to pile out.  As the first young
man got out of the car, he bent down and squinted as he looked into
the back of the limo.  Mariko felt a rush of adrenalin as he
nonchalantly saluted the unseen passengers in the back of the big gray
car.  He did a double?take when he passed the front of the car and
spied Ma'am who continued to stare straight ahead, ignoring him.
Following him were three giggly girls,

  "Obviously freshmen..." thought Mariko.  None of the three showed
any 'cool' whatsoever as they all pressed their noses against the
blackened window.  Mariko found herself struggling and screaming for
all she was worth until the sound of Allison's laughter and the
tinkling of her jewelry forced her back to reality.  The girls
continued to wave and make faces at the two shadowy figures until
Ma'am rolled her window down and shooed them away.

  "Wouldn't they have been in for a surprise if I'd rolled your
window down for them!" laughed Allison.  "I guess you didn't realize
that this car is almost totally sound proofed, did you?" "Humph!"
grunted Mariko.  She really should have known!

  Allison reached up and took hold of the thin velcro strap that
trapped the ball in her mouth and peeled it away.

  "Here give me the ball, gently now!" she insisted as she put her
fingers to Mariko's lips.  Mariko was more then willing to oblige and
she pushed the ball slowly out of her mouth with her tongue.

  "There, now you can enjoy the best ice cream you've ever had!"
exclaimed Allison as she held the cone up to Mariko, who didn't think
it would be a very good idea to point out that Allison had already
eaten part of it.  As well as she could, Mariko stuck her tongue out
through the center of the ring that was still strapped between her
teeth and licked the cone.  She thought of what would have happened if
Allison had opened the window in front of the unsuspecting girls.  At
first, she had a picture of the girls screaming and running away...
but then, her thoughts were rudely interrupted as Allison pressed the
cone against her weirdly grinning lips.  As she absently licked at the
cone, some uncontrollable thoughts entered her little noggin.  "What if
they hadn't run away? What if Allison had simply made up a story about
her Japanese friend who enjoyed this kind of stuff...  ("Hey, this ice
cream is pretty good!") ...  And what if they had bought it? Would they
want to do things to me?? Or maybe they would want to try my gag on...
("Yummm, this is real good ice cream.") she thought.  Mariko decided
that she wouldn't like that.  "After all it is MY gag!" she thought for
a brief moment before returning her concentration to the cone that
Allison was offering.

  Mariko was having quite a time trying to eat the ice cream cone.  She
had discovered long ago that it was extremely difficult to swallow
while your mouth is open, but with all the practice she was getting,
she had becoming pretty adept at it.  Allison would offer the cone to
Mariko who would strain her tongue out to swirl through the golden
confection.  She would then press her tongue against the roof of her
mouth and tilt her head back to allow the melting cream to slide down
her tongue and then, she was able to swallow.  Before long, Mariko had
as much ice?cream smeared on her face as she had managed to swallow,
and Allison made no effort to deter this embarrassing mess.  Everything
became more difficult as the cone got smaller.  Besides having to be
more precise with her tongue Mariko also had to contend with Allison's
diminishing interest in feeding her companion.

  As Allison began to loose interest, she tended to talk about things
that got her enthusiastic but were of little interest to Mariko.
Mariko became pretty good at nodding at just the right time to give
the impression that she was listening intently to Allison's rambling
while still trying to get her "Licks" in on the remainder of the cone.
Allison, on the other hand, was getting more and more agitated about
what she was talking about and as she became more excited she tended
to wave her hands around for emphasis.  Whenever Mariko would get the
cone lined up in her sights, Allison would suddenly wave it away.  When
the inevitable finally happened and the cone slipped from Allison's
hand, Mariko did her best to attempt to dodge the frozen missile, but
as is typical to Mariko's luck, her bonds held her fast and the cone
flew directly into the center of her chest and splattered ice cream
all over both of her breasts, and the remainder of the cone dropped
into her lap.  Mariko screamed and tried to buck the cone out of her
lap but it's weight and stickiness prevented dislodging the freezing
object from the vicinity of her very private parts.

  "Oh, dear! Look what I've gone and done!" exclaimed Allison as she
looked around for some napkins.

  "Get it off! Get it off!" Mariko shouted.  The ice cream resting
between her legs was melting rapidly but wasn't warming up much at
all.  (Good thing for the plastic covers on the seats, maybe this could
have happened before?) Unfortunately for Mariko, Allison misunderstood
the garbled words.

  "Well, if you insist..." she smiled as she ran her tongue over her
lips, "...We don't have any napkins anyway." Allison deftly plugged
Mariko's mouth with the ball again, after all, there wasn't any ice
cream left and there wouldn't be any need for talking for a little
while.  As the limousine pulled out of the parking lot and onto the
highway, one of the college girls turned to her friends,

  "I wish I could go for a ride in that car someday..." she said
innocently.   Her friends concurred...

  Ma'am brought the big car to a halt at the end of the front walk to
the estate.  The sun had set and the walk was illuminated by the a
single light throwing a soft golden glow on the gate.  Ma'am jumped
from the driver's seat and hurried around to open the door for her
passengers.  As the door opened Allison stepped gracefully out and
smacked her lips as she strutted up the walk at a quick, bouncy pace.
Ma'am waited as two of the guards came down the walkway and climbed
into the back of the car.  She glanced at her watch and tapped her foot
impatiently as the two girls dragged the quivering bowl of jello that
just a short time ago, had been a fiery Japanese girl.  Ma'am had to
laugh to herself as she saw the flushed face and glazed eyes that
stared vacantly off into the darkness, as usual, there wasn't a speck
of the ice cream remaining.
 
 
 
 ********* END OF PART 6 *********
 




 
                     B&D ACADEMY
                      Chapter 7
                      By SNIDLEY
 
 

It wasn't as if things stopped for our heroines on the weekends, but
 
as Mariko fell into the routine of the Academy, those days seemed
somehow, more relaxed.  There were no classes to attend and Ma'am and
Joan tended to go easy on their charges.  They usually just gave them
some sort of mundane task to perform.  Cutting leather patterns,
polishing shoes or chains, oiling leather items or some other such
nonsense.  "Busy hands, Happy hands..." was Allison's much quoted
motto.

The sun rose on the newest Saturday and found Mariko snuggled in her
bed.  She had long come to enjoy the 6?7 hours of freedom and respite
that her bed provided.  Goodness knows, she paid dearly for it during
the other eighteen hours of the day.  Her dreams of lying on a big,
beautiful, white sand beach were rudely interrupted by a jostling hand
on her shoulder.

"Wake up! Wake up!..." whispered Ma'am as she gently rubbed
Mariko's shoulder.

"Humm...  Ohhh...  Just five more minutes..." Mumbled Mariko without
opening her eyes.  (being a notoriously slow riser) And unbelievably,
the hand disappeared.  Mariko's mind was not quite clear and she
momentarily wondered if she had dreamt about Ma'am.  After all, it was
usually a buzzer that got her up in the morning.  Mariko dismissed the
disruption as her imagination as she drifted back to the beach.  She
was dozing back to sleep hearing only the cries of the gulls and
rumbling of the waves when a huge slosh of cold water enveloped her
head.  Sputtering and shivering, she sat bolt upright in her, now
soaking wet bed.  Ma'am was there, smiling down at the stunned girl.

"Now was that really necessary!?!" stammered Mariko as she ran her
fingers through her hair attempting to strain out as much of the icy
water as was possible.

"Well, No, I suppose it wasn't...  But I've just always wanted to
do that." giggled Ma'am as she put the pail down on the table.

"And anyway, today's Saturday, you're not supposed to be mean to
me today." Whined Mariko.

"Gee, who made up that rule?" wondered Ma'am.  "Because if that's
what you expected, your in for a big disappointment...  You have 45
minutes to eat and get cleaned up.  So you had better hustle.".

*"Oh, swell.  Could you at least tell me what's going on?""Well, let's just say that you are in for a very interesting
day and leave it at that...  Why spoil the surprise?" replied Ma'am as
she headed for the door.  "You have 44 minutes...".

*Mariko hurried over to the table and peered despondently at her
breakfast.  Boring old corn flakes.  She had found through experience,
that it was better to eat what they provided rather then to refuse it,
whereas she would either go hungry or be "Coaxed" by her captors.

She was in the final stages of drying herself under the air dryer
when Ma'am appeared again and led Mariko back into the main room.  Two
chairs were arranged facing each other and the standard cosmetics were
arranged on the table.  With a despondent sigh, Mariko assumed the
position and Ma'am began applying her Make?up.  Glancing behind Ma'am
as she was applying a pink lip?gloss to her lips, Mariko spied a guard
pushing a cart with several hangars of clothes.  The guard pushed the
cart into the corner and then departed.  Undoubtedly Mariko would be
dressing up for whatever they had planed.  Ma'am finished her work and
told Mariko to stand up.

Mariko complied as Ma'am went to the cart and returned with a white
garter belt and stockings, and handed them to Mariko.  As she had on
each and every day, she turned up her nose at her captors choice of
attire.

"Look," said Ma'am unemotionally "We can do this the easy way or
the hard way, It doesn't matter to me..." But it certainly did to
Mariko.  She sat on the edge of the bed and pulled the stockings up her
leg.  The stockings turned out to be much shorter then usual.  The
reinforced area that usually was positioned high on her thigh, was
only an inch or so above her knee.  Luckily, the garter straps were
long enough to reach.  Next followed a pink shirt with a starched white
collar.  If it was possible there seemed to be more starch in this one
then all of the others Mariko had endured before put together.  At
least it had a full front to it this time.  Mariko reached behind her
to smooth out the tail of her shirt.  Unfortunately, and not to her
surprise, there was no back tail to the blouse.  Just an up?side down
"U""Uh, Oh..." thought Mariko.  "I don't think I like the looks of
this...".

*Ma'am stood watching Mariko button the blouse up and observed
Mariko's resigned glance at the black silk necktie Ma'am had hung on
her finger.

"You know, I'm really getting sick of those." Mariko said as she
buttoned up the top button of her blouse.

"Yeah, I understand, I am too, but I get the feeling that someone
around here really likes them on you..." (The two girls pause, look at
each other, then turn and glare at SNIDLEY, Who sheepishly grins and
shrugs in return...  :^) "...So, on it goes!" continued Ma'am as she
stepped forward and put the tie around Mariko's neck.

Mariko obediently held her chin up and stood still as Ma'am pulled
the knot tight and then clipped the gold collar bar in place.  Mariko
tried to run her finger around the inside of her collar but it was far
too snug.  It briefly crossed her mind that she would trade this collar
for a leather one any time.  The leather ones never seemed to be this
constricting.  Ma'am interrupted this thought as she handed Mariko a
pair of gold cuff?links.  Each was in the shape of a little horse's
head.  Mariko groaned.

"Allison's not gonna make me go riding again, is She?" whined
Mariko.

"Nope, You won't be riding any horses today, that I can assure
you." Ma'am said with a smirk as she handed Mariko a black skirt.  This
skirt was heavy and stiff and surprisingly long for once, with two
black satin stripes running down along the outside of her leg.  Mariko
unzipped the side zipper and slipped the skirt up her legs.  With a
roll of her eyes she shook her head at the construction of the skirt.
Although it ran all the way to the lower part of her calf, It had no
back.  When she looked in the mirror she could see her cheeks outlined
by the elongated "Heart" shaped panel that had been removed from the
back of the skirt.  The top of the heart curved around the top of each
cheek and the point at the bottom of the heart ended just above the
back of her knees.  She couldn't see the back of her blouse that she
had tucked into her skirt.  Both her ass cheeks stuck prominently out
of the heavy black garment.  Ma'am smiled and patted Mariko's bum as
she handed her a vest.

Mariko slipped the pink vest on and buttoned it up the front,
capturing her dangling necktie.  It contrasted with her shirt by the
thin black piping that ran along it's edges.  Mariko hadn't noticed the
laces in the back but Ma'am hadn't forgotten.  When she was done the
vest was tight and formed around Mariko's waist and hugged her tits in
a restrictive way.  Mariko could still move about but she was conscious
of her every breath in this outfit.  Ma'am was enjoying the sight of
the petite Japanese girl as she squirmed in her new getup.  Mariko
couldn't seem to decide what was more uncomfortable, the collar and
tie, the tight little vest, or the skirt that exposed almost as much
as it covered.  The only thing that she seemed to not be bothered by
was her feet.  (Heh!) Time for her boots.

Ma'am plucked them off the shoe tree on the cart and handed them to
Mariko.  Mariko sat down on her chair to put them on.  She ignored the
feeling of her bare cheeks rubbing against the cool wood of the chair
as she pulled the boots on.  The heels were very high, about 5 inches,
but surprisingly, the boots were not all that uncomfortable.  Given a
moment, Mariko discerned that although the heels were high, the
leather that surrounded her feet was a little softer then what she was
accustom to and also, instead of being tight, the boots were just a
little bit loose.  (In other words, they fit.) Mariko stood and walked
about for a moment.  Perhaps things were getting better.  Then again,
perhaps not...

Ma'am held both her hands out towards Mariko, A black leather glove
held open between them.  Mariko held out her right hand and pressed it
into the glove with Ma'am's help.  Her fingers found their way into
their allotted places and then her thumb slid into it's billet, tucked
securely and helplessly out of the way.  Ma'am buckled a small strap
around her wrist and then held out the other glove.  Mariko realized
that as soon as she put her other hand in it's glove she was as good
as bound.  She would be almost completely helpless to anything Ma'am
would choose to do to her.  Now was the time to resist if she was going
to...  Mariko sighed and pressed her hand into the glove.  Ma'am
tightened the glove's wrist strap around Mariko's wrist and then
smiled at the little slave.

Without even letting go of Mariko's wrist, she easily spun the
Japanese girl around and yanked her hands behind her back.  Mariko felt
the leather strap wrap around her wrists and press the smooth cotton
of her shirt into her wrist as Ma'am tightened the strap.  Ma'am
followed that strap with the obligatory one around Mariko's elbows.  It
was of no surprise to Mariko, in fact, she would have been even more
surprised if Ma'am hadn't.  Ma'am tugged the strap until Mariko's
elbows touched and then tucked the strap end into it's holder.  With a
light shove on the shoulder, Ma'am pushed Mariko out into the center
of the room.

"Now, let's see, what have we forgotten?" Ma'am said as Mariko
squirmed against the straps.  There was never a millimeter of give but
somehow it always made her feel better to struggle at first.

Mariko glanced at herself in the mirror.  She couldn't help but
admire herself for a moment.  It was funny, but although she would
never have selected an outfit like this for herself, she was beginning
to relish how conscious of her body she felt when they did this to
her.  And how sexy.  All her clothes were tight, so compressing, that
sometimes it was uncomfortable to breath, but they never looked like
they were too small.  Her vest for example, felt to her as if the
buttons were about to pop, but to an outside observer all the edges
laid flat and the vest just looked very tailored.  Her skirt pressed
against her thighs and tucked in smoothly as she legs narrowed at the
knee.  It didn't buckle or wrinkle along the front and hung loosely
down to the middle of her calf's where the kick pleat allowed her to
walk easily.  Even the shirt and tie was becoming part of her.  It no
longer looked silly or butch to her, the look had become rather coy
and cute.  Now if it wasn't so damn uncomfortable.

Ma'am suddenly appeared in the mirror behind Mariko and knelt down.
Mariko watched as Ma'am began fiddling with the kick pleat in her
skirt.  Buttoning buttons.  When Ma'am stood again, Mariko realized what
she had done.  Mariko was now as securely hobbled as she had ever been,
only there was no cord between her ankles.  Her steps were limited to
about 10 inches before the skirt "popped" and she would have to step
again.  Mariko tested this as she walked about for a moment, swaying
from side to side with each step.

"Well, I've got a bunch of other things to do..." Ma'am said,
interrupting the mood, "Allison will be here to get you in an hour or
so.  Now, come here so I can put a gag on you...".

*"Oh, come on Ma'am, I won't talk or anything.  If you are just
going to leave me here, what difference does it make if I'm gagged or
not?" Mariko pleaded.  Ma'am paused and thought for a moment, then
reached for the door.  "Phew..." exclaimed Mariko, as she turned back
to look at herself in the mirror.  Suddenly Ma'am was behind her again.

"Well, If it really doesn't matter, then you may as well be
gagged, eh?" said Ma'am as she roughly spun Mariko around to face her
and then forcefully pressed a leather wad into Mariko's mouth.

The thin strap was tightened at the back of her head under her hair
and then a second strap, about 2 1/2 inches wide crossed over her
mouth again covering up the cruel looking packing and making the gag
look very tidy.  Ma'am spun Mariko back to face the mirror again.  This
time to admire the suppressing gag in her mouth.

"Now don't you dare mess up your outfit!" Ma'am said as she shook
her fist at Mariko.  Mariko wasn't particularly threatened by the fist,
although she was most certainly convinced that she would be better off
if she followed the advice.

It was amazing to Mariko just how slowly time passed when she was
bound and gagged like this.  Mariko did her best to pass the time.  She
kicked a chair over in front of the mirror so she could sit
comfortably and really study herself.  She tried to figure out what was
so appealing about her predicament.  To no avail.  After a little while
of this she decided to try to get some rest.  She sat down on the edge
of the bed and carefully laid down onto her side, so that her arms
would not be compressed under her.  She was careful not to wrinkle her
clothes as well.  Better safe then sorry.

Mariko awoke to a fumbling at the door.  She sat up quickly and
glanced at her clothes.  Still tidy.  So far so good.  The surprise was
that it was Allison at the door, She had on a black blazer and khaki
riding britches with a crisp white shirt with an open collar and a
paisley ascot.  A black derby was cocked nattily on the side of her
head.

"Up, Up, Up!..." Allison chattered as she entered.  All business.
She grabbed a pink coat off the hangar and approached Mariko.  She spun
Mariko around and held the coat open.  Mariko, confused at first, did
nothing.  She hadn't bothered to examine the coat while it was on the
rack.  With her arms tied behind her, she would not be able to slip her
arms into the sleeves.  Allison was insistent though, as she held the
coat out.  What Mariko hadn't bargained on was that she didn't have to
worry about the sleeves, all she had to do was stick both her arms
down the sleeve.  The jacket was constructed with only one sleeve that
ran down  the center of her back.  Allison slid the jacket up Mariko's
arms and onto her shoulders.  Mariko was somewhat surprised that the
jacket fit so well.  It was as if it was tailor made for her, and her
arms and unfortunately...  her bum.

The coat, although it hung to her knees, had the same upside?down
"U" as her skirt in the back.  Mariko's buttocks stuck right out.
Allison buckled a little strap onto Mariko's gloves.  It was attached
at the back of her hand and ended at the wrist strap.  When it was
tightened Mariko's wrists turned upward pulling her hands away from
her buttocks, eliminating the possibility that she would be able to
cover herself with her hands.  Allison turned her around again (Mariko
was beginning to get dizzy) and buttoned the single button on the
front of the jacket.  With her arms tied behind her as they were that
single button was as insurmountable as a padlock.  This coat was not
coming off.  Allison went behind Mariko again and pulled her hair back
and tied it with a pink ribbon.  She then produced a derby for Mariko
and plunked it down on her head and brushed her hands with a satisfied
sigh.

"There, just some final primping.  We'll fix you tie, and smooth
your skirt and we'll be all set for the show." Allison said as she did
just that.

"Show?" thought Mariko apprehensively.  "She couldn't possibly
mean...".

*"Yep, We're having quite a competition today.  I'm basing it on a
horse show.  You and I are going to be a team." Allison said with a
smile.  She opened the door to Mariko's suite and motioned for Mariko
to precede her.  This didn't bode well at all.

The golf cart squeaked to a stop behind one of the particularly
large barns behind Allison's estate.  Allison hopped out of the
passenger seat and came to the back of the cart to collect Mariko.  As
soon as Mariko was on her feet the cart zoomed away and back towards
the house.  Mariko waited as Allison opened the door and then she was
shoved inside.  They walked down a short hallway and then entered a
small plain room.  Allison went to a table in the corner and returned
with several small objects.

"Hold still!" Allison admonished as she removed the stud earrings
from Mariko's ears.  Confused, Mariko waited as Allison pressed an
object against Mariko's ear lobe.  It was a ring.  Similar to a small
hoop earring, but of a much heavier gage wire.  It took some prodding,
but Allison was finally successful in inserting it through Mariko's
pierce.  As she began working on the second ear, Allison began to
explain about the competition.

"The "Show" is going to be divided into two sections, The first
section is called the "Display" section.  You are going to be judged in
three categories during Display: appearance, discipline, and
compliance." Allison explained as she worked on Mariko's ear rings.

"The appearance part is simple.  You are judged on how pleasing you
look, everything from your physical attractiveness, to your attire, to
your carriage." Allison continued as she finished putting the other
earring into Mariko's ear.  "We start out with a 100 point score, and
then points are deducted for any flaws the judges may find on you.  For
instance, we will loose points on your score if your outfit is sloppy
or if you don't smile while you are performing." Mariko did a bit of a
double take on that one.  Smiling, under the circumstances was
difficult, if not impossible.  Allison smiled at Mariko's astonished
expression and then added,"Your attire is my responsibility, obviously.  Things like crooked
ties, loose buttons, stuff like that all loose points.  But the smiling
part is yours.  You can smile with your eyes if you try hard enough."
Mariko nodded, she knew she would have to try.

"They will also judge your carriage.  That is how you move and
stand.  We'll go over that in a few minutes.

"Discipline is very simple for you.  Simply put, when you are in a
pose, you will stay in that pose until you are given a verbal or
physical cue that you are to move.

"Compliance is judged by how quickly and proficiently you respond
to orders.  Some orders will be verbal, some physical, and some simply
implied, so you had better be on your toes!" Allison glanced down at
Mariko's five inch heels.  "I mean alert...".

*"The "Compliance and Carriage" parts are what we will go over now.
One of the most important rule is that you will look straight ahead.
Keeping your shoulders square, your chin up and your head straight.
Unless you are given specific orders, you will not turn your head!"
Mariko groaned inwardly, this didn't look like it was going to be a
very fun afternoon.  "Let's practice now, and I'll show you what I
mean." Allison said as Mariko scowled at her.  "Hey, I could have
entered us in the girl?roping event..."
 
>From: wi.74@wizvax.methuen.ma.us
>Subject: STORY ? B&D ACADEMY Chap.  7 2/3
>Date: 30 Aug 91 09:14:29 GMT
>Lines: 308
 
 "Lets try it...  Head up! Eyes front! Shoulders back! Chest out!
Get that head up! Higher!!" Allison decreed, like a drill sergeant
barking orders.  "Put you weight on your left foot! Slide your right
foot forward slightly! Not that far! There, that's good." Allison
walked slowly around her charge, inspecting her.  Mariko held perfectly
still as she had been told.  Allison slowly moved to face Mariko.  She
reached out and fiddled with Mariko's necktie, wiggling it a teeny bit
tighter and smoothed it into her vest.  "Smile dear...  I want us to win
this show really bad, but it is going to take both of us to pull it
off.  If it'll take any of the pressure off you, you should know that
no one else competing has ever done anything like this before.  I've
just recently come up with the idea." Allison said proudly.  "So
everyone that is competing really has the same chance.  But *I* won't
settle for anything less then the blue ribbon!" Allison stated firmly.
"And winning is in your best interests too...  If we win, I'll see to
it that you enjoy life for a while, If we don't, you can rest assured
that your existence will become pretty miserable." Mariko gulped
behind her gag and turned to look at Allison with apprehension.  "But
don't worry, I'm sure you will do your best...  NOW EYES FRONT!!! and
don't forget to smile..." Allison said sweetly as she walked over to
the table and picked up a small object.

"Now this," said Allison as she stepped behind Mariko "...is how
I'm going to direct you around the ring." Mariko could feel her
fussing with the back of her gag strap, tying something to it.  As she
finished, she moved to Mariko's right ear, attending to the stout ring
she had already inserted there.  After doing the same to the left ring,
Allison squatted and unbuttoned the hobble skirt so Mariko could walk.
Then she stepped into Mariko's line of sight.  In her hand was a
hand?grip of sorts.  It was in the shape of a half circle approximately
8 inches in circumference.  On closer examination it resembled a "D"
with the grip on the curved section.  On the flat section there were
three holes.  One in the center and one on each end, where the flat
part joined the curved parts.  Going into the center hole was a single
line of stout fishing line.  Clear nylon thread.  Out of the other two
holes was a whisper thin filament following the same path as the
heavier line.  The lines passed from the hand?grip, around Mariko's
side and behind her.  Mariko had a very bad feeling about this.  There
were two buttons on the grip.  Allison pushed one of them with her
thumb and moved over to the table with the three lines spilling out of
the grip to accommodate the distance between them.  "It's all so
clever, and simple." Allison said "When you feel this..." Allison said
as she gently twisted the grip to the right.  "You turn right." Mariko
felt a steady pull on her right earlobe drawing the lobe back.  She
turned her head to accommodate the tugging on her ear, only to arouse
Allison anger.  "Keep that head straight! Remember what I told you!"
Mariko complied, turning her head back straight.  With the pull
remaining as steady as before Mariko was compelled to turn her whole
body to the right.  "Very Good!" The tugging returned, this time on her
left ear.  She turned to the left.  "Excellent! You're a quick learner.
There's only one thing left..." Mariko closed her eyes and
contemplated her lot.  Mariko silently rued the day she ever took the
job at B&D Cosmetics, She really couldn't imagine anything being any
worse then this.  Then, there was an odd sound in the room:Vhoooiish...  Vhoooiish...   Vhoooiish...   *THWICK*.
It was worse.  A fiery slice across both her ass cheeks made her jump
forward and scream into her gag.  Mariko turned, wide eyed towards
Allison, who held a long smooth stick, about 5 feet long in her hand.
Depending from stick was an equally long filament.  Allison smiled,"Well?..., Giddyeup!"At first Mariko tried to dodge the whip, but that turned out to be
hopeless.  Allison was an expert.  She had no choice but to run.  Run at
any pace Allison chose.  If Mariko moved too slowly, the whip would
kiss her cheeks, If she moved too fast, it would crack scant inches in
front of her face.  The lines that ran from her gag and ears determined
the arc of the circle she followed and which way she headed as she
strutted around Allison.  Mariko's blood boiled with frustration as she
marched to Allison's biddings, She didn't dare waver as the whip would
follow any lapses without hesitation.  Soon Allison was perfecting her
performance.  "Lift those knees!" *Snap*! The whip just flicked against
the back of her legs, striking as a pinpoint, a bee sting, as opposed
to the full length slap that had come to denote speed.  "Wiggle that
butt!" *Snap*! "Faster!" *THWICK*!This ordeal went on for hours in Mariko's mind, but in reality it
only lasted 15 or 20 minutes.  Mariko was indeed a quick study.  Allison
continued to brief Mariko about what she was to do.

"The second section of the competition is the more physical part."
Allison began.  "You will have to move through a course under my
direction.  There will be random obstacles throughout and your
performance will be timed.  Whoever has the best total score on the two
sections will be..." Allison was interrupted by a knock on the door.
Allison opened it and was handed two cardboard ovals.  "Five Minute."
said one of the guards.  Mariko would recognize her voice anywhere.
Allison shut the door and returned to Mariko's side.

"Look! My lucky number!" declared Allison as she held up the card.
A big black number 69 was stenciled on the white disk.

"Figures..." Thought Mariko.  Allison pinned the card onto the back
of Mariko's jacket, and then removed her own and pinned it on her own
as well before putting it back on.

"Well, here we go! Remember, *Big Smile*..." She said as she
flicked the whip across Mariko's rear.

Mariko was forced to precede Allison down the hall with the point of
the whip?stick jabbing her at the top of the crack of her ass.  Allison
prodded her along down the hall in this method.  Whenever they would
come to a turn in the corridor, Mariko would feel a tug on the
appropriate earlobe.  Right, then left, then right.  Mariko found
herself heading down a long dark corridor, with a brightly lit but
somehow, menacing doorway at the end.  From the other end, two figures
entered the corridor from the lighted area, but because of the
lighting, Mariko was unable to make out more then their silhouettes.
As they got closer, Mariko realized, none to her surprise that one
girl was being driven along in the same manner as Allison was prodding
her.  As they grew even nearer, Mariko's worst fears were confirmed.  It
was Courtney.

Her outfit very similar to Mariko's, only a lovely pastel lavender.
Mariko tried to convey her sorrow for getting Courtney into this, but
simultaneous lashes on each girls bums discouraged any such
expressions and hurried the two girls in their opposite directions.
Mariko was surprised for an instant as Courtney's handler passed by,
The tall, auburn haired woman was a complete stranger.  She wore a
outfit similar to Allison's only the jacket was a deep purple velvet
material.  She grinned wickedly as she prodded Courtney past.  As the
lighted doorway loomed more intensely that ever, Allison decided to
hurry the pace.  Vhoooiish *THWICK*! Vhoooiish *THWICK*! *THWICK*!!
Mariko doubted she could move any faster on the high heel boots, but
Allison coaxed her on.  With unabashed gusto.

Mariko broke out into the blinding light, She entered a large ring,
with high wooden walls and what appeared to be seats rising up above
the walls.  The floor was covered with a thin coat of sand, perhaps 1/2
an inch deep.  under the sand, the floor seemed to be hard wood or
maybe concrete.  An instant after Mariko entered the ring, she was
surprised when a loudspeaker blared:
 "NOW ENTERING THE RING...  NUMBER 69...  MaaAARRRRIKO!
 
A TWENTY?FOUR YEAR OLD FILLY...  HANDLER: OUR OWN...  All*IS*ONNnnn...
 
The announcement simply surprised Mariko, but what followed appalled
her.  Applause, thundering applause.  Coming from behind her.  Allison's
coaxing whip kept Mariko scurrying forward, unable to see where the
sounds were coming from.  As Mariko neared the far wall she felt the
slight pull on her left earlobe.  She complied, as much out of
necessity then direction.  If she didn't turn soon, she was going to
crash into the wall.  As Mariko continued on the wide arc, she slowly
came to face the direction of the applause.  There were stands behind
the entrance to the ring, and they were full of people! Mariko's best
estimate was that there were easily more then 100 people seated in the
stands.  Men and women, some old, some young, some bound, some free,
all that were able were applauding enthusiastically.  Allison had
stopped at the center of the ring and Mariko trotted in a circle
around her.  Allison kept the pressure on her with the whip, and even
reminded Mariko to high?step with several bee?sting snaps to her bum.
As Mariko reached the furthest point in the room away from the crowd,
she felt a hard pull on her left ear again.  It could only mean one
thing.  Mariko turned hard left and ran to where Allison stood facing
the audience.  The lines that controlled her were automatically
spooled back into the hand grip as she drew closer to Allison.  Allison
held out her arm as a signal for Mariko to stop.  Mariko had no choice.
She stopped beside Allison.  Allison then proceeded to bow to the
audience.  At the low point of the bow she whispered "Curtsy!" so that
only Mariko could hear.  Mariko sighed and did as she was told...  To
more thundering applause.  Allison then began adjusting Mariko's
stance.  She tapped Mariko's foot with the whip?stick, coaxing it
forward.  She flicked under Mariko's chin to remind her about her
posture.  "Smile!" she whispered as she turned her back to the
audience.  Mariko did her best.  Allison stepped back and with great
pomp, Mariko was presented to the judges.

Five strangers, four men and a woman stepped forward.  Each had a
clipboard and scribbled notes on them as they approached.  Each had a
different style of judging it seemed.  On man stood back, just looking.
One man and the woman walked slowly around Mariko as she stood at
attention, but trying to act indifferent.  The other two men stood to
Mariko's left and right, looking her up and down.  They looked,
frowned, then scribbled.  Mariko had never been the center of such
intense scrutiny before.  The crowd in the stands was hushed, so quiet
in fact that Mariko only was aware of them because she could almost
feel their eyes bearing down on her.  The Judge on Mariko's right
slowly moved across to the judge on the left, and they studied the
bound girl together for a moment.  Then one Judge whispered something
to the other and they both laughed.  Mariko blushed, she couldn't help
it.  She was both thrilled and mortified by the attention she was
receiving.  All these people, staring at her.  Her heart fluttered and
her breaths came very short.  Hot flashes rolled down her spine as she
began to perspire under the scrutiny.  One thing stayed in her mind
though.  Allison's words, she couldn't move, no matter what, unless she
was told.  The judge that had been a bit reticent suddenly came face to
face with the bound girl.  Mariko's eyes widened in apprehension as
this man examined her face from mere inches.  He didn't speak, he
didn't touch her.  He just looked.  Mariko's concentration faltered
under the pressure.  Her head dropped and she looked down.  Allison
stepped up and tapped under Mariko's chin with her finger restoring
Mariko's posture.  All the judges jotted notes on their pads.  Mariko
groaned softly into her gag.  She prayed that she hadn't blown it.

"Turn around..." said the judge.  Mariko complied instantly,
turning her back to the audience.  There was a smattering of applause,
as well as some wolf whistles.  The woman judge was standing directly
in Mariko's line of sight.  She stood with her hands on her hips, her
eyes panned slowly down Mariko's body.  Then back up to her blushing
face.  The judge's face showed no emotion at all, or at best the
emotion of someone deciding the quality of melons in a supermarket.

"Turn around..."  Mariko again wheeled on her heels to face the
audience again.

"Separate your legs." said the judge.  Mariko complied.  Two of the
judges wrote something down.

"More!" Again Mariko did as she was told.  Her knees were as far
apart as the hobble skirt would allow.  The cool air caressing her
pussy.  Mariko had been too distracted to notice, but she was becoming
wet and the air reminded her with a chill.  "It has to be sweat, I
can't believe I'm getting..." Mariko's thought was disrupted by a
goose, a *GOOSE*! The Judge behind her had almost succeeded in
impaling Mariko with both his thumb and forefinger at the same
instant.  Mariko's eyes almost popped out of her head and her shriek of
surprise wallowed behind her gag, but she barely moved, only raising
her weight onto her toes.  It really hadn't been that much of a
surprise under the circumstances and she quickly regained her
composure as the crowd thundered its approval.

As the background noise diminished the judges withdrew to their
table and sat down to watch again.  Allison stepped back into the
center of the ring.  Mariko knew what was coming but she waited for it.
A sudden yank on her left ear, followed by Vhoooiish *THWICK*! Mariko
turned and trotted the circle once again.  Several *SNAPS* reminded her
to keep those knees high as she tried to keep her balance on her
heels.  Her skirt hampered her movement and basically exhausted her as
she worked her way around the circle.  After 1 and 1/2 more revolutions
Allison tugged hard on her left ear and Mariko was obliged to join her
at the center of the ring.  Allison turned and faced the audience and
bowed as she had when they had entered.  Mariko didn't have to be told
what she was supposed to do...  Her curtsy was elegant and impeccable.
When Allison had straightened, She turned and faced Mariko.

"Face me." she whispered.  No one could hear but Mariko.

"Now, kneel." Mariko carefully bent and knelt at Allison's feet.
She tried to look as proud as she could.  Allison slowly slid out her
foot towards the kneeling girl.

"Kiss..." She whispered.  Mariko closed her eyes.  She had endured
many hardships here at the Academy, They had bound her, they had
gagged her, they had forced her to experience things she had never
dreamt of.  She had endured every humiliation, every torment...  but she
had never submitted.

"Kiss!..." Mariko opened her eyes and looked up at Allison.
Allison's eyes focused across the room, aloof, indifferent.  Mariko's
eyes welled up with tears that no one could see.  She buckled forward
and pressed her gagged lips against Allison's boot, and held them
there.  The ovation was deafening, whistles and cheers, the stamping of
feet, people standing.

Allison stepped back as the thunder continued.  Mariko didn't rise,
she couldn't.  The snap of Allison's whip beside her ear brought her
back to reality.  Allison tucked the end of the stick under Mariko's
chin and encouraged her to rise.  Once Mariko was on her feet, Allison
reached down and brushed away the residue of sand that clung to her
skirt.

Vhoooiish *THWICK*! Left ear...  Mariko trotted towards the door.
Vhoooiish *THWICK*!, Right ear.  Mariko turned down the corridor and
out of the ring.  She was totally dependent on Allison's navigating as
her eyes were lost to the tears.  Once they were well into the
corridor, Allison pulled back on the tether obliging Mariko to stop.
Allison spun Mariko around and threw her arms around her.

"Excellent! Superb job! I'm pleased..." Allison said as she
released Mariko and propelled her down the corridor to their room.
"We're halfway there!"Mariko soon found herself back in the holding room.  Allison left her
there in quiet contemplation.  There were no chairs in the room and
Mariko's feet were beginning to get tired so she minced over to the
table and awkwardly slid up onto it.  It wasn't long before Allison
returned.  She carried with her an odd looking leather strap.

"Good, you're sitting down." Said Allison as she approached and
took Mariko's hat off.  In her hand was a complex leather mask of
sorts.  Allison held the strap up to Mariko's face and buckled the
straps at the back of her head.  The front of the mask was about 2
inches wide and fit tightly across her nose.  Directly in front of her
eyes were two smallish squares of leather, extending out perpendicular
from her nose, somewhat similar to eyeglasses.  Mariko's forward sight
was completely blocked.  To see, Mariko had to turn her head to the
side and peer out of one eye.  Sticking out at right angles to her head
were two more of these flaps.  As Mariko watched, Allison reached out
and flicked the flap closed, so that it laid flat against Mariko's
head, closing off this angle of sight.  All that remained was a 1/8th
of an inch vertical slit that was approximately 1 inch high to provide
Mariko with any visual frame of reference.  When Allison had shut the
other side, Mariko's entire view of the world was through the two of
these slits.  unfortunately, these slits were positioned so that she
could only see through one at a time.  If directly in front of Mariko
was 12 o'clock, the two slits were positioned at 10 o'clock and 2
o'clock.  Mariko soon realized that these slits were good only as an
aid to her equilibrium.  They were almost useless for actually seeing
anything.

Allison took up her reins and whip and went to the center of the
room.

"March Mariko!" she said, punctuating her order with a *THWICK*
across her ass.  "When we get out in the ring you had better react
really carefully to my orders.  There are going to be obstacles and
hazards for you to avoid.  If you pay attention and trust me, then you
will be fine.  If you don't, then the results may be very unpleasant.
Nod your head if up understand." Mariko nodded.  They practiced for a
while.  In an almost empty room Mariko had no problems, but she was
worried about being in the big ring.  Allison explained that each
contestant would be timed as they made their way through the course.
She explained the different signals that she would be using
throughout.  Mariko concentrated on her lessons as her well?being
depended on her response.  Before long Allison was satisfied with
Mariko's performance and halted Mariko's marching.

"Okay, that's enough for now.  You hop up here and rest while I go
check out the competition." Allison said as she helped Mariko sit up
on the table.  Then she left the room.  Mariko slumped and tried to
relax.  She had become very adept at falling asleep during these lulls,
but, for some reason this time she could not drift off.  Allison had
not been gone more then 5 minutes when Mariko thought she heard a
rustling at the door.  Since it was probably Allison just coming to get
her for her event, Mariko didn't look up.  It took a moment but Mariko
began to feel uncomfortable.  Someone had definitely turned the door
lock and entered the room, but it couldn't have been Allison...  She
tended to make entrances.
 Mariko opened her eyes and began to frantically scan the room
through the slits in her blindfold.  Then, she caught a glimpse of a
purple velvet shoulder.  Mariko stared up into the face of the woman
who had driven Courtney past her in the hallway.  Mariko's confusion
turned into alarm as the woman stalked across the room at her.  Mariko
leapt up from the table and tried to run, but with the blindfold
securely in place she could barely see where she was going.  She tried
to rush past the strange woman, to get to the door.  As she past, she
felt a hand brush her arm, and then seize her necktie, swinging Mariko
around and thrusting her back up onto the table.  Mariko tried to kick
her feet, but the stranger pinned them against the table.  Mariko's
impotent struggling only seemed to annoy her assailant.  It didn't take
long for the woman to pin Mariko on top of the table.  With a free hand
the woman fished around in her pocket to produce a paper cup.  she used
her teeth to open the top of the cup, and then pushed Mariko's skirt
up so that the top of her boots was exposed.  With deft skill she held
the cup against the top of Mariko's boot and gently shook the cup.
Mariko could feel the coarse sand slide out of the cup and down into
her boot.  The woman caught and filled Mariko's other boot with the
sand.  She then pulled Mariko up into a seated position and bound her
her ankles together with a thin cord.  The mystery woman shoved the cup
back in her pocket and brushed her hands, before tackling the job of
mending Mariko's outfit.  When she was done, no one would have been
able to guess that Mariko had just been in a vigorous (if oh so brief)
fight.

"There, that ought to slow you down a bit.  Listen, Honey...  and
listen good!" The woman hissed "You won't be winning this race! If you
do, I'll be sure to have you over to my own personal dungeon for a
weekend.  All by yourself.  Understand?" Mariko nodded, she was for the
first time, frightened.  She had no idea who this woman was, and
whether or not she was capable of following through with her threat.

"Now, you just keep your mouth shut about this little visit..."
the woman said as she tapped on Mariko's gag for emphasis.  She untied
Mariko's ankles and then, as quickly as she had appeared,  she was
gone.

A while later, Allison arrived and coaxed Mariko off the table.  When
Mariko's feet hit the floor, the sand the mysterious woman had poured
into Mariko's boots began to grind against the soles of Mariko's feet,
especially where her high heels forced her to perch on the balls of
her feet.  This sensation was uncomfortable enough so that
unconsciously Mariko lifted her knees high, to prolong the relief of
having no weight pressing into the sand.

"Excellent Mariko!" Allison exclaimed.  "You're getting that strut
down perfectly!" She had no idea...

Allison guided Mariko out the door and down the same corridor that
they had so recently passed.  Mariko could hear the sound of high heel
boots coming towards them from the opposite end of the corridor.  She
couldn't see what was coming, but could imagine.  She strained her
eyes, trying to see out through the slit on her blinders and as the
sound grew closer she subtly turned her head to the side a little so
that she could see more directly down the corridor.  Courtney was being
driven along by the woman who had molested Mariko that short time
before.  What Mariko saw chilled her.  Lavender, muddy brown, lavender.
Courtney was caked with mud and grime.  Her lavender riding outfit
rumpled and soaked.  The woman behind her glared at Mariko as she drove
the disheartened Courtney away.

The applause was as deafening as ever as Mariko was driven to the
side of the ring.  Allison came in front of her and pretended to adjust
Mariko's blindfold.  As she did she whispered.

"Okay, here we go.  Just do your best and go as fast as you can.
Trust me...  I won't let you hurt yourself..." She said reassuringly.
Mariko swallowed hard.  She would try, even with the extra handicaps
she was coping with.

*THWICK*! Allison accuracy was as good as ever as the whip slapped
across Mariko's buttocks.  Mariko started off into a awkward jog.
Responding to the pull on her earlobe Mariko turned hard right and
picked up her pace as Allison smacked her across the rear again.  A
left pull on the ear and the blinded girl turned left and kept up the
awkward pace.  A sharp snap in front of her nose and a steady firm pull
against both ears caused her to stop.  Allison tugged back on the rein
easily several times and Mariko got the message quickly, she backed up
slowly and followed the coaxing to her right.  A hard *THWICK* sent her
on her way again.  To a smattering of applause.

The next obstacle hit Mariko at about mid thigh.  Allison had slowed
her so she didn't fall over the bar but she had walked her into it
anyway.  Several firm snaps by the whip on her ass cheeks made Mariko
realize that she was supposed to hurdle this obstacle.  While hurdling
the bar was out of the question, Mariko was able to scoot up so she
was sitting on the bar.  She pulled her legs over and straightened up.
The crowd applauded her effort and Mariko was surprised as she glanced
through the slits on her blindfold.  There were two big strong men on
either side of her next to the obstacle.  They could only be there as
"Spotters" in case she was to stumble going over the obstacle.

"Watch it!" Allison called as Mariko plowed onward.  Allison
stopped Mariko and let her get her bearings through the eye?slits
before she coaxed Mariko into stepping onto a narrow beam that crossed
over a shallow trough, filled with slippery mud.  Obviously this is
where Courtney had met her demise.  Mariko moved carefully onward.
Feeling cautiously with her toes before stepping forward, she reached
the other end safely.  Back on solid ground Mariko forged ahead with a
reckless abandon that surprised even herself.  The coarse sand rubbing
against her feet reminded her of the woman's threat but somehow, it
took on little importance as Mariko's competitive spirit began to
rise.  Mariko found herself tugging against the reins, thrusting
forward as hard as she dared.  The crowd egged her on.  The pitch of
their cheers growing louder and louder with each step.  Allison guided
Mariko through an intricate maze of walls, fences and open runs.  They
were becoming a cohesive team.

It didn't take all that long for fatigue to become a factor.
Mariko's diminishing stamina becoming a problem.  Allison encouraged
her along relentlessly using both the whip and the reins.  As the
crowd's cheering reached a crescendo and Allison desperately coerced
the last ounce of strength out of the bound girl, Mariko saw a
checkerboard pylon pass by her eye?slit and Allison mercifully
signaled for the exhausted girl to stop.

Mariko stood and panted through her nose for a few moments as
Allison acknowledged the applause from the audience.  To a point it
annoyed Mariko that she had done all the work and Allison was
receiving all the accolades.  Allison leaned to Mariko and whispered
into her ear,"Great job Mari! We may win this thing after all!" Mariko looked
up at the standing crowd through the eye slits.  Perspiration streamed
down her face and soaked her clothing but she was flushed with
satisfaction at having successfully completed the obstacles that had
been placed before her.   Even if that cheating woman got her hands on
her, this moment was worth it all.  Allison guided Mariko to the gate
as the crowd began to settle back down.  Mariko caught a glimpse of two
small carts pass by her eye?slits.  For a sobering moment she thought
that she imagined a naked woman standing at the front of each of the
wire wheeled carts.

"Nahhh, I've got to be imaging things..." She briefly hoped,
knowing full well that she probably was not.  Allison's whip was
unnecessary as Mariko hobbled down the corridor and back to the
waiting room.  Allison hugged the bound girl and kissed her gently on
the cheek.

"You did a great job out there Mariko.  I'm so proud of you.  I
think we may have won the day with that exhibition.  I'm going to go
find out." She said as she kissed Mariko again and then left the room.
Mariko sat down on the edge of the table to relieve the soreness of
her feet and pondered the events of the day.  It was overwhelming to
think that this could be happening to her.  How a bizarre contest like
this could even occur, much less take on so much importance.

Allison opened the door and re?entered.  She smiled subtly as she
removed Mariko's hat and the blindfold harness.

"It's time for the awards presentation!" Allison said excitedly as
she straightened Mariko's clothes and replacing her hat once again.
She opened the door to the room and guided the bound girl out and down
the now familiar path to the show ring.  Mariko was surprised to find
that there were already several other nattily dressed girls standing
in the center of the ring shuffling their feet nervously and to the
other side, 5 girls in bathing suits, elbow and knee pads, also
securely gagged and bound stood quietly.  Girl?roping participants,
obviously.  The contestant's handlers were made up an even mixture of
the sexes and they stood beside their charges.  There were three other,
almost naked girls still harnessed to their carts.  Those three only
had tiny G?strings to protect their modesty in direct contrast to
Mariko and the other girl's elaborate costumes.  The only other
contestants Mariko recognized was Tina and Helen from the party.  Tina
nodded to Mariko as she entered.  Commiserating sometimes made these
things easier.  Mariko nodded in return.  Shortly, Courtney entered the
ring.  The auburn haired woman had cleaned her up as well as she could
but it would have probably taken a fire hose and $1000 dollars worth
of dry?cleaning to have done the job properly.

With Courtney's entrance, the judges indicated that the contestants
should line up to receive their awards.  Allison excitedly prodded
Mariko into the line and coaxed her into the now familiar "Attention"
position.  Mariko studied the audience for a few moments.  She saw Ma'am
and Joan standing together off to the side.  They both nodded subtly
and Mariko wasn't sure if they were acknowledging her or Allison.
Mariko nodded in return, just to be safe.

One of the judges stepped to the front.  He carried a wireless
microphone and when he spoke his voice boomed about the room.

"...And now! The moment we have all been waiting for! The awards
for the winners of our little extravaganza!" He said with great
aplomb.  "Competitor number 12!" He said, indicating a spot for the
first girl to stand.  The girl's male trainer patted her crimson fanny
affectionately as they marched into position.  Mariko gulped nervously,
Two more spots to go.

"Competitor number 43!" Said the man.  Mariko's eyes shut as she
waited, one more to go! The team number 43 moved to their place in the
front.  Mariko thought she was going to faint.  The tension was so high
she could have cut it with a knife.  They just had to call her number!"Competitor number.......  69!!" The man shouted, as Allison
squealed with delight and shoved Mariko out to the winners line?up.
The judge returned to the table and came back with three round ribbon
badges with long ribbon streamers.  He walked up to the girl in the
center of the three winners.

"Competitor Number 43...  Third place!" he said as he stuck a green
ribbon onto her right cheek, held there by an adhesive backing.  The
girl looked disappointed as she backed away behind the line.  Mariko
and the other girl were coaxed closer together in front of him.
Allison's hand reached out and squeezed Mariko's tush.  As the tension
mounted, her nails dug deeper and deeper into Mariko's flesh.  The
Judge took out the red ribbon.  He came and stood in front of Mariko
and held it aloft.  Mariko gulped dismally  and hoped Allison would be
satisfied.

"Second place, overall...  Competitor Number.......  12!" He turned
and slapped the ribbon onto the other girl's cheek! Mariko's eyes
widened and Allison screamed with delight! The judge stuck the blue
ribbon onto Mariko's cheek.

"And the winners!...  Competitor Number 69...  Allison and Mariko!!"
Allison hugged Mariko to her and slapped her on the rear.  The judge
retired to the table and returned to the Competitors with three
trophies which he handed out to the winning handlers.  Mariko caught a
glimpse of the golden trophy.  The figurine at the top of the miniature
marble pedestal was that of a bound and gagged girl.

"Typical..." thought Mariko briefly.

Allison magnanimously congratulated the other competitors and
wallowed in her success.  After the awards for the cart races and girl
roping all the competitors began to disperse.  As they neared the exit
to the show ring, Allison and Mariko came face to face with the auburn
haired woman and Courtney.

"A splendid day, Allison!" the woman said as they met "I've had a
wonderful time!""I'm so glad you've come Charlotte, I just wish we could do this
more often..." Allison grinned.

"I don't..." Thought Mariko.

"Thank you so much for the use of your slave." Charlotte said as
she prodded Courtney towards Allison.  "But it looks like you did keep
the best for yourself." She said as she indicated Mariko.

"Well, I do prefer to win..." Allison said with a smirk.

"Yes, I do remember...  The woman said.  Then, she turned to Mariko.
"...  And congratulations to you too dear, You performed very well..."
She said, There wasn't any animosity in her voice at all.  Mariko
decided that she had probably been bluffing in her threats.  Mariko
nodded demurely to the compliment.

With that, Mariko noticed the six oriental guards had appeared
beside Allison.

"Here, take these two away..." She said to the guards.  "...  You
know what to do." She said as Courtney and Mariko were transferred
into the guards custody.  Allison and Charlotte then strode away down
the hall, arm in arm.

The guards took Mariko and Courtney back to their rooms were they
were stripped unceremoniously and cleaned.  As Mariko was dragged back
into her room, she was depressed to spy her original tweed riding
outfit spread out neatly on her bed.  Undoubtedly the day was not over.
As two of the guards dressed her, the third fed her supper, careful
not to spill anything.  Mariko cooperated as they fussed.  Primarily she
just wanted to eat more then anything, and any resistance would have
prevented that.  The guards dressed Mariko and bound her completely,
leaving only her necktie and gag off.  The door to her room opened and
Ma'am entered briskly as Mariko was finishing the last of her supper.
The Guards took the bound girl into the bath and Ma'am brushed
Mariko's teeth for her.  They then went back into her room and Ma'am
applied Mariko's make?up and knotted her necktie and tucked it into
her sweater.  The guards then put her hat on and tightly pulled the gag
into her mouth.  Mariko mused briefly about Allison's promise about the
"Easy life" from that afternoon.  It didn't look like it was going to
be promise that would be kept.  With a pleasant smile and a tap on
Mariko's hat, Ma'am retired.

The guards then dragged Mariko out of the room and to the elevator.
A short ride later, Mariko was thrust out into the foyer of the
mansion.  Courtney was already there dressed in her riding togs, along
with her escort.  To Mariko's dismay she looked at what was in store
for them.  On either side of the foyer were two big wooden rocking
horses.  Each horse was about 4 feet high and was gaily painted.
Courtney's guards were already pushing her up onto the horse on the
right.  Mariko gulped as she was lead to the horse on the left.  Mariko
reluctantly cooperated as the Stooges got her up onto the wooden
saddle.  To further complicate things, there was a narrow raised ridge
that ran down the saddle from the front to the back.  Mariko shuddered
at the possibility of becoming intimately acquainted with the ridge as
the guards drew her legs back so her heels pressed into her rear end.
They used two long leather straps to circle each ankle and upper
thigh.  This pinned her legs into position.  All Mariko's weight was
centered on her crotch which was cleaved by the saddle ridge.  A small
seat belt insured that Mariko could not fall off the horse.  The Guards
stepped back and inspected their work.  After a moment, one of the
guards reached down and pulled out the chock that was keeping the
rocking horse stable.  Mariko screamed as her platform teetered back
and forth.  She soon found that although the horse would roll forward
and back to a disturbing and for her, uncomfortable angle, the horse
could not tip over.  Equally unfortunately, it was virtually impossible
to keep the horse balanced.  The best she could do was to keep the sway
at about 8 to 9 inches either way.  Enough to rhythmically,
frustratingly stimulate her.  She glanced over at Courtney as the
guards withdrew, She looked as befuddled as Mariko felt.

It wasn't too long before guests began arriving.  It appeared that
almost everyone who had been at the show that afternoon was also
invited to the dinner party.  They all took a few moments to admire
(and sometime annoy) the two decorations in the foyer before going
into the living room.  After everyone arrived, Mariko and Courtney were
left pretty much alone.  There were several guests who made frequent
visits, each getting exceedingly fresh with each return visit.  At
about Midnight, Charlotte came weaving out of the living room.  She had
on a long white sequin gown.  She came over and tweaked Mariko's
nipples for a moment as the helpless girl tried to retain her balance.
She smiled and raised her glass pleasantly, and then meandered over to
Courtney.  She unbuckled the straps that held Courtney's legs bent and
undid the safety strap.  She then pulled Courtney down off the horse,
and with a hand tightly gripping Courtney's necktie, she began to tow
Courtney up the stairs.  Courtney shot a pleading look back at Mariko
as Charlotte dragged her up towards the bedrooms.  Under the
circumstances there wasn't a whole lot Mariko could do.
 
 


** END OF CHAPTER 7 .






                 B & D ACADEMY
                  Chapter  8
                  By SNIDLEY

  Mariko was anxious to get to bed. She hadn't been able to catch
up on her sleep ever since the late night Allison's dinner party
had forced on her. (It was after two A.M. when the guards finally
came to take her down off the rocking horse, and she hadn't slept
all that well afterwards... Because her darn bed seemed to keep
rocking!) Mariko sat on the edge of her bed wondering what was
going on. After her bath, the Stooges had come into the room and
had encased her hands in leather "mittens". They had then clipped
them together behind her back. This was very much out of the
routine. She just wished that someone would come and release her so
she could go to bed and she just hoped that she wouldn't have to
wear these all night. Finally, the door opened and Ma'am and Joan
came into her bedroom. Without ceremony, they gagged her with a wad
of cotton and taped her mouth shut.

  "Looks like I won't be getting to bed just yet..." thought Mariko
as they stuck adhesive eye patches over her eyes. They threw a
short woolen cape over her naked shoulders and she was taken
outside. She was then bundled into the back seat of the limo and
felt another bound body pushed in beside her. Mariko had no doubt
that the other body was that of Courtney.

  The girls were pulled out of the car about 30 minutes later and
hustled up a flagstone walkway and taken inside a building. Mariko
was surprised to hear a familiar voice guiding the procession.
Kimberly Farmington had received them at the door and brought them
into another room where Ma'am and Joan pulled off both girls capes
and pushed Mariko onto a floor covered with industrial weight
carpet. She smelled the antiseptic air of the room as they tightly
hog-tied her. Mariko listened as Courtney was hustled out of the
room and taken to see (or more accurately, be seen by,) Dr.
Farmington. Mariko hadn't realized that the Dr. stood for a D.M.D.,
a dentist, when she had first met him. This revelation occurred
with the buzzing sound of a dentist's drill from the direction that
Courtney had been taken. Mariko had never particularly liked going
to the dentist, but this was like a nightmare, She lay bound,
gagged and blindfolded on the waiting room floor as the sound of
the drill sent quivers up and down her spine. Suddenly, amidst the
drill buzz, there was a piercing scream, then another then another.
Mariko's heart leapt into her throat as she struggled frantically.
The drill sound continued, punctuated by an occasional scream or
moan. Perspiration rolled down Mariko's face as she squirmed
impotently. Then, as the sound of the drill continued, there was
the swish of nylon as someone approached Mariko and squatted beside
her. Mariko froze.

  "Don't get too upset," Kimberly's voice whispered in her ear.
"Those meanies are only teasing you." Kimberly said kindly as she
patted Mariko on the top of the head. Then she sneaked back into
the examining room. Mariko slumped and blushed, they had gotten her
again. Sooner or later she wouldn't fall for such obvious tricks!

  After about an hour, Courtney was brought out into the waiting
room and secured into a hog-tie just like Mariko's. Mariko could
tell from Courtney's grunts that hers was just as tight as
Mariko's. Mariko was then released and guided into the examining
room. Her hands were unclipped from behind her back and she was
pulled into a dental chair. They used tape to affix her mittened
hands to the the armrests and they taped her ankles to the
footrest. Mariko was shocked when she recognized Kimberly's voice
as the dental hygienist as she peeled the tape from Mariko's mouth
and removed the cotton wad.

  "What are you..." Mariko started to say.

  "Open wide..." Said Dr. Farmington, interrupting her.

  "But..."

  "No buts!... Open Wide!" Dr. Farmington commanded. Mariko sighed.

  "Ahhhhhhhhh"

  Dr. Farmington pushed a small, hard rubber block between Mariko's
teeth. Ma'am, Joan and Kimberly chatted amiably, occasionally
tweaking Mariko's naked body as Dr. Farmington worked to wedge
Mariko's mouth open with the dental blocks. At one point, Ma'am
amused herself by pressing the saliva tube against various parts of
Mariko's anatomy. When she reached Mariko's clit, provoking Mariko
into quite a ruckus, Dr. Farmington interrupted and scolded Ma'am
as he continued his work.

  "This is not the time to be fooling around." He said "That will
come later." He was very serious about his work. Ma'am giggled
nonetheless. He did a quick inspection and took impressions of her
mouth. He found the beginnings of a cavity and asked if he should
fix it. Ma'am and Joan accepted his offer, to Mariko's chagrin, but
as it turned out he was very gentle and not once during the
procedure did Mariko feel any pain at all. She would recommend him
to anyone.

  After he had finished with the cavity, he worked to cement little
metal bands around four of her back teeth, two on upper teeth, and
two on lower teeth. The little bands lined up when Mariko closed
her mouth. While they were waiting for the cement to harden, Mariko
lay in the chair with a tiny rubber band wound around each nipple
and a saliva sucker set to "high" stuck between her legs.
Somewhere, through her embarrassingly orgasmic haze, Mariko over
heard Dr. Farmington explain something about "twisting the wire
tightly" and how she should "keep the cutters available in case of
an emergency" to Ma'am. After he inspected the cement, Joan began
releasing Mariko from the chair. Mariko didn't really understand
what he had been talking about so she wasn't about to worry about
what they had in store for her... just another cross to bear. She
had more important things to think about. Before the hour was out,
she was in her little bed, fast asleep, dreaming of saliva suckers.

  The next morning the girls returned to their primary source of
entertainment, The B&D Academy. Allison made certain her charges
were kept very busy while they received a well rounded, bondage
finishing school education. Along with the most rudimentary
classroom subjects like GAG 101-102-201-301, (Just think of what
went on in 301!...) there were more advanced courses like STRAIGHT
JACKET, SLAVERY 100-300, B+D FASHIONS, CREATIVE(BONDAGE)WRITING. Of
course, there were also crafts courses like DESIGNER LEATHER. They
even got to cover some of the humanities, like BONDAGE ART
APPRECIATION, and elective extra curricular activities like Glee
Club. Glee Club, in Mariko's personal experience, appeared to be
mandatory. But Ma'am stubbornly insisted that it was strictly
voluntary. Even though there was little choice in who participated
- Everyone. Mariko could never understand why ANYONE would
willingly join a bondage Glee club. Glee is supposed to mean "fun"
isn't it? and this club could be called many things, but none of
them began with fun. Gross, disgusting, rude, messy, all come to
mind, but not "FUN". (We can only leave the details to your fertile
imaginations!)

  Mariko sat at her desk listening half-heartedly as Ma'am finished
her lecture about tape. She glanced around the room at her other
classmates. Ma'am had used a roll of 4 inch wide, white adhesive
tape as a tactile aid in her instruction on gagging techniques.
Each girl had a wad of cloth stuffed in her mouth and had their
lips sealed with the sticky tape. Mariko chewed on her wadding,
trying to work it into a more comfortable position. The wetter it
got, the tighter and more compressed it got, so after 1/2 an hour,
it almost became bearable. The class was not very interesting and
Mariko began to drift away mentally. She had been held at the
Academy for what seemed like years, but more likely it was only a
few months. She began to wonder what was going on in the outside
world and Ivan suddenly popped into her mind again. It seemed so
long ago that she was loyally sending the B&D Cosmetic formulas to
him so he could catch Allison in the act of stealing his work. She
only wondered why he had not sent help for her yet. Perhaps he
couldn't find her, and that thought bothered her. She could only
imagine the panic he must be feeling, Not knowing what happened to
her or where she was. She only wished that she could get word to
him, just to let him know she was all right. But if she did that,
Allison might have found out and then Ivan would never be able to
find the spy.

  Mariko suddenly realized that the room was very quiet. When she
looked up she saw Ma'am looking about at everyone with a perturbed
look on her face. Mariko gulped to herself and looked around. All
her classmates were in various stages of consciousness. No one was
paying much attention to their teacher.

  "Okay CLASS!" Growled Ma'am. "If we aren't going to pay
attention, then we can just put our books away and we'll have a
quiz!" With that, muffled groans when up around the room. Mariko
glanced over at Courtney who looked as bewildered as Mariko felt
(Quiz?!?). She simply shrugged her shoulders and turned to watch
what was about to happen. Joan jumped up and with a big grin on her
face rushed out of the room, her long black gown flowing behind
her. She returned with two high stools and set them down beside the
teachers desk, and then went for more. Ma'am was busy clearing off
the teacher's desk, putting the books, papers, tape and the
"dreaded" paddle on the floor in the corner. As Joan was arranging
the last of the stools around the desk, Ma'am set about re-cuffing
the girl's hands behind them and unlocking their ankle stocks. As
each girl was released she went to the front of the room and sat
quietly on a stool and allowed Joan to tie their ankles and click
the third handcuff to the back leg of the stool. Mariko and
Sweetcakes were the last released and were, therefor the last to
pick their stool. The only two remaining were at the two heads of
the desk. Mariko looked around at her classmates. She wondered for
a moment what someone would have thought if they had walked in at
that moment. Sitting in a circle around a big oak desk were six
grown women, wearing silly little school girl blazers and ties.
Each handcuffed, each with a wide swatch of tape across her mouth,
all obviously about to have their collective dignity bruised.
Mariko sighed to herself, she was becoming accustom to it. Ma'am
and Joan stood outside the circle arguing about something. Mariko
saw a coin flip through the air and then heard Joan say "Heads!...
Damn!".

  Ma'am squeezed between Sweetcakes and Tina and slid up onto the
desk. She looked slowly around the table at all the bound girls
with a broad grin on her face. She lingered a moment when she
looked at Mariko, but she suddenly spun about and faced Sweetcakes
square on. Ma'am reached up and took the tasseled cap off her head
and handed it to Joan. She then methodically slipped her hands
inside her long black gown. With a smile that brought a glower to
the face of Sweetcakes, Ma'am slowly lifted the gown over the top
of her head. To Mariko's shock, Ma'am was naked under her robes.
She tossed the robe to Joan and then lounged back onto the desk,
stretching slowly and sensually. She writhed and purred as she
moved, eyes closed as she made herself comfortable on the desk.
Mariko found herself staring at the woman who lay on the table.
Mariko realized to her surprise, that she had never seen a woman
this beautiful before. Ma'am had always simply been one of her
tormentors. Mariko had never bothered to really look at her this
way before. Now she couldn't take her eyes off her. Ma'am ran her
fingers through her thick wavy blonde hair. She opened her eyes
occasionally to look at one of the girls surrounding her. Ma'am
looked into Mariko's eyes for just a moment, then her eyes paned
down Mariko's body and then back up to her face. Ma'am's bedroom
eyes closed slowly and she ran her tongue across the corner of her
lip as she turned away.

  "For you new girls, this Quiz..." Ma'am said slowly, "Will cover
oral sex." she said smiling. "The grading criteria is thus: If I
simply cum, You'll get a "D". If you can make me scream, You'll get
an "A". If you get a "D"..." she said pausing to chuckle, "There'll
have to be lots and lots of homework..." She continued looking
about at the helpless faces around her. "...As a matter of fact, if
you get an "A" there'll still be lots of homework." She said
smiling. "But if you get an "F"... Well, we just won't allow anyone
get an F, we'll all just have to stay here until you get a "D".
Okay?" With that, she smiled at Sweetcakes and slowly peeled the
tape off her mouth and pulled the wadding free.

  Sweetcakes strained forward and started into her work. Mariko's
embarrassment got the best of her and she looked away from what was
transpiring scant feet in front of her. Joan grabbed the back of
her neck and turned her back to face the show. "You'd better pay
close attention..." she whispered into Mariko's ear. "'Cause I'm
next." She said with a sly grin.

  After about 15 minutes, Ma'am's breathing became noticeably more
rapid and she writhed to Sweetcakes tongue. Ma'am reached up to her
right and pulled the tape off Annette's face and plucked the
wadding from her mouth. She grabbed hold of Annette's tie and
pulled her face down to her breast. Annette began circling her
tongue around Ma'am's nipple. Faster and faster she twirled,
Ma'am's rock hard bud folding back and forth under the pressure.
Ma'am suddenly reached to her left, and pulled the tape from
Linda's mouth. Linda didn't even have a chance to push the packing
out of her mouth before her lips were pressed onto Ma'am left
nipple. Ma'am put both of her legs on top of Sweetcakes' back but
because of Sweetcakes' position she couldn't get a hold on her.
Joan took the initiative to brace the back of Sweetcake's head and
pushed her face squarely into Ma'am's pussy. Ma'am shuddered and
grunted as she pressed against the three girls. Her back arched and
she quivered and spasmed as the orgasm overtook her. Ma'am let go
of Annette and Linda. Both girls breathed a sigh of relief and sat
up only to have Joan immediately re-gag them securely. When
Sweetcakes sat up Mariko was aghast. Sweetcake's face glistened
from her forehead to her chin with Ma'am's sexual secretions. Joan
wiped the sheen from Sweetcakes face with the wadding that had been
in her mouth just moments before. She then pressed it back into
Sweetcake's mouth and taped it shut. Ma'am, in the mean time, had
recovered enough to sit up. She sat facing Sweetcakes for a moment,
then patted her on the head.

  "Not bad dear, I think it rates a B." said Ma'am. From Mariko's
experience she would have given it an A+. Ma'am slid off the desk
and put her robe back on. Mariko was trying not to look at Joan but
she could feel her eyes bearing into her. When she summoned the
courage, she glanced up only to be proven correct. Joan smiled and
winked at the bound girl as she slipped the black gown over her
head and slowly climbed up on the desk and stretched out on her
stomach facing Mariko. She lay there for a long moment, her elbows
on the table and her chin resting on the backs of her fingers. Her
legs were crossed at the ankles, lazily waving about in the air
behind her. Mariko looked up sadly, Joan simply smiled, an ear to
ear grin that reminded Mariko of the Cheshire cat. Mariko would
remember it for a long time to come. Joan spun around onto her back
and then sat up to take hold of the corner of the tape covering
Mariko's mouth. With one quick jerk, she snatched the tape off the
Japanese girl's mouth and plucked the wad from inside her mouth.

  "Get to work!" Joan ordered, and Mariko was in no position to
refuse.

  Forcing herself to ignore the stinging that surrounded her lips,
Mariko bent to her task. With her wrists cuffed to the back leg of
her stool she had to stretch uncomfortably forward to reach Joan's
pussy. As she neared the target, she couldn't help but whiff the
pungent aroma of Joan's body. Mariko had never been this close to
another woman's vagina before, and was surprised how strong her
scent could be, especially from this perspective. Mariko's
inexperience began to show as she hesitated two inches away her her
target. Joan resolved Mariko's indecision for her, She grabbed two
handfuls of Mariko's hair and pulled Mariko's face hard into her
pussy. For the first few seconds Mariko was unable to do anything,
Joan was basically masturbating with Mariko's face. Mariko's mouth
was pressed hard into Joan's pussy lips and her nose was buried in
Joan's pubic hair. That worked well as a way of breaking the ice.
When Joan released her grip, Mariko was able to move her head
around a bit more. She began with lightness, flicking her tongue
out to stroke the smooth skin in front of her nose. Her dancing
tongue stroked Joan's pussy lips, sliding up and then down their
exterior letting them flop back and forth. Mariko enjoyed being
teased like this herself, so that was what she tried to do with
Joan. Rhythmically, her tongue flicked about on the outside, then,
without warning Mariko drove her tongue out and hard between Joan's
lips, lapping solidly. Joan shuddered momentarily, but otherwise
didn't respond. Mariko guessed more drastic measures were in order.
She let her tongue slide up and out of the love canal and as if
accidentally, flick across Joan's clit. A soft murmur from above
convinced Mariko she was on the right track.

  Mariko stole a glance at her subject. Joan was kneading a bored
looking Tina's breasts through her sweater with one hand and
pulling hard on her own with the other. Mariko had never realized
how much work went into bringing a woman off, She was really
working up a sweat, and her tongue was beginning to cramp up.
Desperation began to set in and she became more and more frantic
with her sucking. Slowly, Joan's hips began to rock with the rhythm
of Mariko's play. Mariko increased the intensity, pulling the folds
of Joan's vagina between her lips with rapid changes of suction. in
out, in out, in out. Joan's breathing became more shallow almost
gasps. As Mariko's jaw cramped, Joan gasped and then held her
breath, the muscles in her legs tightening around Mariko's head.
Mariko felt Ma'am's hand press at the back of her neck, preventing
any possibility of withdrawal. Joan's hips rose off the desk and
pressed into Mariko's helpless face and then began sliding up and
own across Mariko's lips and nose. For a terrifying few seconds,
Mariko's nose was sealed in Joan's pussy and her lips were pressed
into Joan's ass. Mariko helplessly endured until Joan's muscles
suddenly went lax and she collapsed on the table. Mariko was dazed
as she looked up at the gagged faces of her classmates. Their eyes
betrayed a mixture of emotions, from amusement to boredom to a
sudden concern (From Courtney). Ma'am used the discarded wading to
wipe the product of Joan's orgasm from Mariko's face. Joan sat up
in front of the drained Japanese woman and smiled casually. She
solicitously reached out and tugged Mariko's disheveled necktie
straight and tight again.

  "I'm afraid that was only a C- dear, but don't worry, You'll get
better, I'll just keep you after school to practice." Joan said
with a twinkle in her eye. Mariko opened her mouth to respond but
was cut off as Ma'am pressed the stale packing between her lips.
Joan ripped a fresh strip of tape from the roll and roughly pressed
it across Mariko's mouth.

  "And that's the thanks I get?" thought Mariko as Joan slid off
the desk and slipped the robe over her head. Mariko looked up at
Courtney, who breathed a long sigh of relief and visibly relaxed as
Ma'am and Joan began unlocking the single cuffs that kept the girls
seated on the stools. Mariko, noticing Courtney's relief, was a bit
aggravated that she had gotten out of this with only her breasts
fondled. Obviously, Courtney was having the same thoughts as she
smugly smirked at her friend. The smile turned to chagrin as Ma'am
cheerfully hoped back up on the desk.

  "Rotate Right!" she chirped and each of the girls hopped to the
next stool, All but Courtney, who was about to take her place on
the "Hot Seat". Joan put her arm around Courtney's shoulder as
Courtney stood up. "Awww, What's the matter? Did you think you
weren't gonna get a chance?" she said as she pushed Courtney up
onto the "head" stool and locked her to it.

  After their Quiz, the class moved on to one of the many other
parts to the day that the girls looked forward to. It was time for
dance class, 1 1/2 fun filled hours where Joan would teach a
different type of dance style every day. One day, the class would
cover Tap, then on the next, Aerobics, the next day, Jazz, followed
by Ballet, the day after that would cover Ballroom dance. The girls
all hated Ballroom class the most, when the other topics were
covered they were all permitted to change into more suitable (and
usually, comfortable) attire and restraint. For Ballroom class
though, Joan generally insisted that they remain in their school
uniforms. They didn't really work hard enough to get all sweaty and
she felt that they could fit in an extra fifteen minutes of class
if they only changed into their dancing shoes.

  Mariko felt ridiculous as she stood against the wall of the dance
studio, waiting for Joan to pick her dance partner for the day. She
looked into the huge mirror that covered one entire wall of the
dance studio and blushed as she examined her predicament. The bored
looking girl who stared back wore the almost standard English
public school uniform, a blue blazer, gray pleated skirt and a gray
V-neck sweater over a white blouse and a blue and gray striped
necktie. On her feet were a pair of matching gray knee socks and
her dancing shoes, a pair of black, patient leather pumps with 4
inch heels and little bows on the toes. Joan said that a proper B&D
Academy graduate would never dream of stepping on a dance floor
without her heels.

  Joan had insured cooperation in class (not to mention decorum) by
using thin leather belts to strap each girl's arms together behind
her back at both the wrist and elbow. Each girl was also fitted
with a pair of thin steel ankle cuffs that were locked on each of
her ankles. There was no hobble (yet...), but there was a little
ring on the front of each cuff to receive one. Mariko looked slowly
around the room at all the cheerful, smiling faces of her dance
class partners, or at least their seemingly smiling faces. She
wasn't actually able to discern anyone's lips, but none the less,
all the dancers still clearly wore big broad grins. They had been
painted on the white rubber straps that sealed each of the dancer's
mouths shut. Joan always been a stickler for appearance, she liked
to be reassured that everyone in her classes were enjoying
themselves.

  "This is another fine mess you've gotten yourself in!" Mariko
thought as she chewed on the rubber prod in her mouth.

  Mariko popped back to reality as Joan dragged the reluctant
Sweetcakes over by a pigtail and both girls awkwardly faced one
other for a moment. Joan took matters into her own hands and nudged
Sweetcakes with her elbow.

  "Mmne ni Mhvve TH Hmmnr MOV nths NAnssss?" Sweetcakes mumbled
from behind her weirdly grinning rubber lips. She combined this
mumbled statement with the obligatory curtsy and followed it with
a sarcastic roll of her eyes. Mariko didn't have the slightest idea
what Sweetcakes had just said so she looked to Joan who just glared
back at her.

  "Aren't you gonna answer her? She just asked if she could have
the honor of this dance!" said Joan impatiently. Mariko looked in
amazement at Joan... What were they going to think of next?

  "Mariko, your proper response should be: 'I'd be delighted.' then
you curtsy. Okay!... Do it!"

  "Mni Nee MUthnind!" Mewed Mariko. "This is SOOooo embarrassing!"
she thought to herself as she politely curtsied.

  Joan coaxed the two dancers closer together and then she bent
down and clipped a pair of foot long, black sticks between their
ankle cuffs, with one running from Mariko's right ankle to
Sweetcakes left, and likewise on the other ankles. Joan then
reached into the girls sweaters and pulled out the short ends of
their neckties.

  "This type of dancing is usually done cheek to cheek!" Joan
explained as she knotted the ends of the ties together so Mariko
and Sweetcakes were nose to nose. Mariko tried to lean back a
little but as soon as she did the extra stain caused both ties to
pull a little tighter and Sweetcakes shot Mariko a dirty look as if
to say "Nice move..." The ritual was repeated with all the other
couples and the class would spend the next hour and fifteen minutes
swirling around the dance floor with everyone doing their best
imitation of Ginger Rodgers. As the music played, Joan walked
around the room inspecting each couple's progress as they stumbled
over each other while trying to keep up with the pace of the tune.
Joan clapped her hands rhythmically in time with the music, coaxing
the dancers on. Mariko found that they were most comfortable when
she rested her head on the slightly taller Sweetcake's shoulder.
This lessened the strain on their necks and they were able to keep
the rhythm of the dance better when they were as close as possible.
Unfortunately though, this also caused some unforeseen side affects
as Mariko began to detect Sweetcake's breath becoming more and more
rapid and uneven. After the first circle they made around the room,
it seemed that Mariko could also feel the beating of her dance
partner's heart as they rubbed against each other. Almost
unnoticed, Mariko found herself in the predicament of becoming more
and more aroused as they rubbed themselves intimately together
while they swirled around the room. To her dismay, she began
unconsciously sucking harder and faster on the smooth rubber prod
that was sealed in her mouth. This only seemed to intensified the
burning feelings that had begun between her legs. She suddenly
realized how she must look to her dancing partner and turned a
glowing shade of crimson as she glanced up at her. Mariko's
embarrassment immediately disappeared as she looked up at her
taller partner. Sweat was pouring down past Sweetcake's wide green
eyes as the red rubber lips that were painted on the gag strap
bulged and puckered as Sweetcakes desperately sucked on her own
prod. Once they realized their needs were the same, the rest was
easy. With their inhibitions down and with some intense
cooperation, they were soon able to find the proper swaying motion
that would give them the maximum stimulation for their efforts.
Their only problem was to try to hide what they were doing from
Joan, who certainly would not have taken kindly to the two girls
were up to. (Not paying any attention to what she was teaching,
Obviously!) No one even noticed as the two girls simultaneously
lost all their coordination and came very close to falling down. It
took them a few moments, but they were finally able to regain their
composure and balance as they looked at each other's sweaty,
flushed faces. Joan continued to clap rhythmically to the music and
Mariko and Sweetcakes returned to their hampered attempts at
waltzing. Somehow, it just wasn't as much of a chore as it had been
only a short time before and Mariko could clearly see the sincere
smile on Sweetcakes face. It could no longer obliterated by the
cruel rubber strap. Before long, Mariko and Sweetcakes found
themselves looking forward to their next Ballroom dance class.
Unfortunately, that was a whole week away.

  There were plenty of other activities to keep the students busy
at the B&D Academy. Ma'am had explained many times during her
lectures that it was always necessary for the body to be kept in
top physical condition to be able to endure the almost constant
restraint that the students were enjoying.

  "ENJOYING?!" thought Mariko on more then one occasion, "Expand on
enjoying!" Dance class certainly helped, but Ma'am strongly
believed that dance alone was not enough, so the girls also had a
gym class daily. Mariko had decided that it was more like a bondage
Olympics. The girls were all outfitted in tight, spandex straight
jackets made of bright, multicolored spandex with the colors scheme
depending on whether they were doing teams sports or individual
ones. The individual sports were the Track and Field events, like
the 100 yard straight-jacketed dash, (Courtney always won that one,
prompting Ma'am and Joan to be sure she was kept on a short hobble
at all other times.) and the 1000 meter stampede, a distance event
that always ended with Courtney and Annette battling neck and neck.
And the 100 meter walk, probably the most boring event ever known
to man, the contestants see how fast they can complete the allotted
distance with their knees strapped together to prevent cheating.
Sometimes it took over two hours to complete just one heat and that
was with Ma'am and Joan standing by with switches to discourage
dawdling.

  There was always incentive for the athletes to try their best, as
the winner would usually receive some reward for their efforts,
although the judges seemed to put more time and energy into
devising intricate penalties for the losers. The rewards were
usually some free time without any restraint or a stylized
Get-out-of-Jail pass that would get them off some penalty of their
choice in the future. This was certainly coveted among the athletes
as Ma'am and Joan took great pleasure in coming up with penalties
that struck terror into their victims.

  A favorite penalty was to send one of the girls on a scavenger
hunt in a large mall under some unorthodox circumstances. Like the
time Sweetcakes went wearing her B&D Academy uniform, or when Linda
went with a piece of tape over her mouth so she had to negotiate
with the store clerks with hand signs. Ma'am was kind enough to
dress Linda in a sorority sweater so it only looked peculiar or
even cute to the passers-by, not necessarily kinky. Mariko and
Courtney never got this sort of freedom, because the others, you
must remember, were attending the Academy by their own choice,
unlike our two heroines.

  The girls also participated in some team type sports as well. The
most enjoyable for Mariko turned out to be soccer, although there
were some rule changes that they all had to put up with. The most
obvious was the no-hands rule. This was strictly enforced by the
use of lace up single sleeves that were the same colors as the
girl's uniforms. (Come now, are you really surprised?) A thin belt
ran from the tip of the fingers of the sleeve up between the
player's legs to a belt around her waist, this helped to impress
both the agony and ecstasy of team sports on the contestants. To
keep the players from giving any lip to the officials each was
fitted with a stout whiffle ball held in place by a thin vinyl
strap. The holes in the ball enabled the players to breath freely
through their mouths and from a distance it appeared that each girl
was gagged by a miniature soccer ball. Very fitting.

  The teams were three on three with the extra girl lucky enough to
act as a cheerleader for both teams. Whoever's turn it was, was
dressed up in a white turtle-necked sweater, a red and white
pleated skirt and red and white saddle shoes. Her arms were then
drawn back behind her and into a leather tube that held her
forearms parallel to the ground. The tube was connected to a
harness that went around her shoulders. Under her skirt was a snug
little leather crotch strap. The cheerleader also had a pair of big
Pom Poms sewn onto the elbows of her sweater so she could wave them
around while she cheered. Well, grunted was more like it as the
cheerleaders were gagged with the same whiffle balls the players
wore. The cheers had to pass through and around the ball and still
be recognizable. If the her cheers weren't somewhat recognizable or
if the cheerleader stopped her sideline antics for even a minute
the umpire would immediately stop play, approach the unfortunate
pep squad member, lift the front of her skirt and adjust her crotch
strap one notch tighter. This would usually instill some extra
vigor into the cheerleader's performance. When it was Mariko's turn
to cheer, play was interrupted six times.

  It was after Mariko's soccer team's latest triumph that Ma'am
pulled Mariko and Courtney aside. Courtney had been the cheerleader
at this game and Mariko could tell that she was anxious to get out
of the silly uniform and back into her equally silly school
uniform, but for the time being their attention was unavoidably on
Ma'am.

  "You lucky dogs!" she began enthusiastically.

  "Whoa boy, look out now!" thought Mariko as she glanced over at
her equally apprehensive partner.

  "You'll never guess, not in a million years, what the surprise
I've got for you is."

  "Hummm?" replied Mariko quizzically.

  "Oh, Okay, I just can't keep it from you... It's too good!
Allison's decided to go all the way out to California to go to a
party... A very special party, a big costume party..."

  "Big deal," thought Mariko, "Who cares?"

  "But you don't understand how special it is," continued Ma'am.
"You see, she has decided to take you two along..." She looked
around cautiously, "... See, She's decided that you're both going
to be part of her costume!"

  ********* END OF CHAPTER 8 *******




                  B & D ACADEMY
                   Chapter  9
                   By SNIDLEY


   The two girls waited patiently on the settee against the wall in
the front hall of the estate while people buzzed about like busy
little bees in their attempt to get the last of the preparations
finished for their trip. Mariko and Courtney had both had a very
long morning, trying to be patient with Allison's indecision about
what their traveling outfits should be. She had finally settled on
a secretarial look for her companions after ruling out, one after
another: The girl's B&D Academy uniforms with handcuffs and
ballgags (Too obvious), Flight attendant's uniforms with bondage
mittens and adhesive tape (too boring), A cape raincoat and shoes
- nude otherwise, with single sleeves and pump gags (too crass...).
With each new request, Joan and Ma'am would scramble about
collecting the outfits and restraints that Allison had requested
and then, with the help of the stooges, they would get Mariko and
Courtney completely dressed and bound only to have Allison enter,
inspect our heroines and shake her head,

   "Nope... It still doesn't work for me... Try this..." and Ma'am
& Joan would hurry off in search of more paraphernalia. Everyone
breathed a sigh of relief when Allison announced, "I guess this
will have to do!"

   Mariko squirmed in her bonds for a moment. Allison had dressed
her in a bright blue, silk, double breasted suit with a short,
tight skirt, matching high heel pumps and a white silk blouse that
was barely visible under her jacket. They had meticulously bound
her with thin white cord at the wrists, elbows, knees and ankles.
They had also wound some cord around her body with three passes
above her breasts and the same number below. This pined her arms
securely to her back. She was a little afraid that these ropes
would wrinkle her suit but no one else seemed terribly concerned.
After they had pressed a knotted cloth into her mouth and tied it
at the back of her neck any protests had become academic. Mariko
glanced over at Courtney. Her blonde friend had been outfitted in
a slinky white knit dress, with a hem line that was considerably
shorter then Mariko's, a red patent leather belt and matching
ankle-strap pumps. The perfect outfit for the office tease. She had
been tied up in the same secure way that Mariko had been except her
rope was red, to match her accessories, even her gag was red cloth.
Mariko had little doubt that given some privacy so they could
squirm around, they would have been out of these ropes in a few
moments but unfortunately the guards at the Academy was constantly
popping in and out as they brought various suitcases, trunks and
other items into the foyer and piled them around the two seated
girls.

   "This is Soooo humiliating," Thought Mariko as the pile around
them grew steadily. "I wonder if they consider *US* baggage too?!"
Her question was answered when one of the stooges appeared and
began writing out labels with Allison's name and address, which she
stuck to each of the suitcases. When she finished and started to
walk away, she suddenly smiled and turned back. When she turned to
leave again, Mariko and Courtney both wore a shipping label
plastered across their foreheads. Ma'am and Joan, (Who was wearing
the chauffeurette uniform) both passed by and chuckled at the two
girl's predicament but did nothing to rectify the situation. Mariko
and Courtney generally didn't worry about such petty inconveniences
anymore. When their captors were ready they would be relieved of
the stupid labels.

   Allison arrived shortly to survey the scene, she seemed a little
surprised by the volume of luggage that she would be dragging
across country with her entourage, but obviously everything was
absolutely necessary.

   "What the heck is this!" She laughed when she noticed the
shipping labels that clearly clashed with our heroine's outfits.
Ma'am stuck her head in the door,

   "Myong's idea of a little joke... So they won't get lost..."

   "Oh, come on, We wouldn't dream of letting them out of our
sight, so how could they get lost?" Allison replied as she pealed
the sticker off Mariko's face and then removed Courtney's also.

   "Thanks for the small favors." thought Mariko.

   Ma'am appeared around the corner with capes for the girls, Joan
and the stooges were loading the limo as Allison and Ma'am stood
the bound girls up and wrapped the capes around their shoulders and
wound woolen scarfs around the girls necks to help hide the gags
they wore. When the car was fully loaded, Ma'am came up to the two
girls who were still balancing on their high heels. (so far, so
good...) She removed the cord binding their ankles and knees to
replaced it with two feet of clear nylon fishing wire. From a
distance of six feet or more the line was all but invisible. Ma'am
then put her coat on, and drove the reluctant travelers on their
way to the first leg of their journey.

   Joan drove the limo while Allison and Ma'am rode in the back
with the two bound girls. They had traveled for about an hour when
they pulled into a small but busy airport. As they rode on the
circular road that surrounded the runway, Mariko was amazed by the
number of small planes that were parked all about. She had only
flown once before, and that was when she came east for her job at
B&D Cosmetics. She had traveled on a huge passenger plane but, as
she looked about, she was wondering how a big plane like that would
even be able to land here, not to mention how Allison was going to
explain two tied and gagged girls to the crew and other passengers.
She only had to wait a moment before she got her answer. The limo
suddenly turned out on the tarmac and sped to a tiny jet plane
parked at the end of the runway. There were several men inspecting
the aircraft as they pulled up and Mariko decided that she would
try to scream and run to them when they got out of the car. She
figured that the knotted cloth in her mouth would only stifle her
a little and the men would surely hear her cries. As the car pulled
to a stop a few hundred feet away from the plane, Ma'am produced
the roll of the fishing line that still hobbled the two girl's
ankles and proceeded to cut a long piece of it and fashion it into
two slip knots, with one on either end and with about six feet in
between. She put one around Mariko's neck and the other around
Courtney's. Both girls knew exactly what to expect from this leash
arrangement, if they so much as took a misplaced step the loop
would tighten and cut off their air.

   "Okay, so much for the running part!" thought Mariko, "I can
still shout!" Allison glanced about briefly then turned to Ma'am,

   "Are you ready?" Allison questioned.

   "All set."

   "Get them right into the plane... No fooling around."

   With that, Allison opened the door to the limo and Mariko's best
laid plans were dashed before her ears. The plane was revving it's
engines and the roar was almost deafening, there was no possible
way for anyone to hear her muffled shouts.

   "*Sigh* Oh well, I wonder what the in-flight movie will be?"
thought the disappointed Mariko.

   Ma'am made short work of dragging the two girls out of the car
and discreetly up to the plane where Allison helped bundle them in.
Once they were inside, Allison removed their scarfs and capes and
buckled them into their seats. Mariko took a moment and glanced
about at the luxurious interior of the airplane. There was seating
for eight passengers although there were only the four girls,
Mariko noticed Joan drive away from the tarmac and off down the
road. At that moment, one of the pilots climbed aboard and made his
way towards the cabin. Mariko felt another glimmer of hope as he
passed by and paused to smile at his reluctant passengers. Her
hopes were shattered once again when the handsome pilot simply
remarked,

   "Hey Allison, this one's almost got her gag worked loose."

   "Oh dear!" replied Allison with a mock concern and she came
forward and re-tightened Courtney's gag, and then Mariko's also,
although it didn't really need it.

   "Wonderful!" thought Mariko sarcastically.

   "We'll be taking off in a few minutes, so please take your seats
and put your seat belts on. Okay?"

   "Sure, I'd be happy to." replied Allison as she returned to her
seat. A few minutes later the travelers were airborne and winging
their way west.

   The trip was long, bumpy and boring for the girls. Allison and
Ma'am sat a few seats away chatting merrily away, impervious to the
glares of the two hapless, silent girls. Mariko amused herself for
a while watching the land pass beneath them and then she glanced
over at her "partner in misery" who was sound asleep. Mariko
decided to try to join her.

   Mariko was jolted awake as the wheels of the plane touched the
ground with a squeal and the engines roared as the tiny jet rolled
to a stop. She shook her head to awaken herself. (She was a
notoriously slow riser!) The knot of cloth in her mouth had become
soaked and a little sour during her long nap but she had a feeling
that she would be putting up with it a little while longer. Allison
and Ma'am had already removed their seat belts by the time the
plane rolled to a stop on the edge of the tarmac. This airport was
completely unfamiliar to Mariko but somehow she got the feeling
that she had returned home to California. While she sat and
daydreamed a bit about her childhood a small van approached the
plane and parked nearby. Allison and Ma'am set about releasing the
girls from their seat belts and then they pulled them to their
feet. After having been bound in the same position for over five
hours, Mariko and Courtney were understandably unsteady on their
feet so Allison and Ma'am helped support them as they staggered
around the compartment. When they were reasonably steady on their
feet, Allison put the capes back on their shoulders and Ma'am
replaced the fishing line leashes on the girls and then pulled them
to the exit of the plane. When they reached the ground Mariko
glanced about and noticed that they had parked the plane about 100
yards away from the terminal, but unfortunately, there was no
people around. Ma'am hustled the captives over to the van and into
the side door. Both girls had a difficult time climbing into the
van with their ankles hobbled but Ma'am was more then willing to
oblige with a well placed hand on their derrieres. Once inside, the
captives were pushed onto their stomachs and their feet were
rebound and then their security was all but insured by a stringent
hog-tie. Allison then climbed into the passenger seat and the doors
were closed from the outside. Impulsively, Mariko glanced back to
where Ma'am had just finished her hog-tie when she spied the
leather blindfold that was approaching her face, Mariko always
tried to hate blindfolds more then anything, but she never could.
This was when she felt the most vulnerable, when she had no idea
what was going on around her. But the suspense was so deliciously
awful. It was just so erotic. She could hardly wait! (Any small
pleasures!) Moments after the soft foam backing of the leather
strap pressed over her eyes, Mariko heard the drivers door open and
felt the van sag under the weight of the driver. (Mariko was amazed
by the fact that all her other senses became so much more aware
when she was blindfolded) She heard the driver exchange a polite
kiss of greeting with Allison and then he started the van. (She
could tell it was a he by the extent of the van's sag and by the
tell-tale aroma of his after shave... Look out Sherlock Holmes!)
She suddenly realized where she had last smelled that scent, and
when the driver finally spoke she joyfully realized that her
deductions were correct... She was finally reunited with Richard.

   Mariko and Courtney both spent an uncomfortable hour riding in
the back of the van. During the entire trip Richard, Allison and
Ma'am chatted merrily about many things and basically ignored the
two packages in the back. Mariko didn't mind, all she wanted to do
was listen to the sound of Richard's voice, his laugh, his
breathing. She had never felt this way about anyone before, she was
simply happy to be near him, even under these circumstances.

   The van turned off the smooth highway and onto a gravel road,
Mariko discerned this by the sound of the pebbles bouncing off the
bottom of the truck. She also began to smell the ocean, with its
cool salty aroma. The van finally rolled to a stop and Mariko could
hear and feel the doors open as her captors began to disembark.
When Ma'am opened the side door of the van Mariko was shocked by
the icy wind that blew into the van from the ocean, Ma'am cut the
cord that bound her ankles and Allison dragged her out to stand
beside the van. Her cape was of little protection against the wind
as it blew in and caused the cape to billow out away from her body.
Mariko was shivering uncontrollably when she felt Courtney's body
bump into her and then felt Allison's fingers tighten on her
shoulders and begin to steer her towards some unknown location. The
party proceeded up a short flight of wooden steps and then across
a wooden deck and entered a warm, cozy house.

   Mariko could hear the wind howling outside, but none of it was
able to break in to disturb the calm atmosphere inside. The girls
went up another flight of stairs and Mariko heard a door close
behind them. At that point Allison unbuckled that blindfold strap
and Mariko was able to see her surroundings for the first time. The
room was decorated in a very rustic fashion, with two large, soft
beds with rough wood posts and antique dressers and chairs. Allison
and Ma'am set about putting some of their things away and Mariko
shuffled over to a nearby window. Her breath disappeared when she
glanced out the window, the house was perched on the edge of a
cliff, overlooking a windswept ocean. Rain had begun to fall and
the sun was almost set. Courtney had joined her at the window and
Mariko heard her gasp as she took in the breathtaking view. This
place was just like a dream.

   They were both startled back to reality by Allison's abrupt hand
clap. She motioned Mariko to be seated on the bed as Ma'am set
about untying Courtney. When Ma'am was finished she ordered
Courtney to strip so she could take a shower and Courtney gladly
cooperated. They locked a pair of simple, steel handcuffs on her
ankles and Courtney hopped into the adjoining bath and soon Mariko
heard the water running. Within a few moments Mariko was looking
forward anxiously to her turn in the shower.

   After her shower was completed, Mariko hopped out into the
bedroom to rejoin the group. Courtney sat on the edge of one of the
chairs in the corner, they had dressed her up in a gray plaid, wool
skirt and a matching sweater over a white blouse with an upturned
collar, Mariko's outfit was laid out on the bed, and for once she
was excited as she donned the garter and stockings, silky pink
camisole, the furry white sweater and the snug white wool skirt.
The chill in the air was a delicious contrast to the warmth of her
clothing and when she looked into the mirror she couldn't help but
be pleased. Her long black hair spilled down to the center of her
back and was a perfect contrast to the white of her outfit. She
barely noticed when Allison slipped the handcuffs onto her wrists.
Allison applied her make-up while Ma'am was in the shower and as
Ma'am was drying her hair Allison reached into a bag on the table
and took out a pair of ball gags. She approached the two seated
girls who gave some halfhearted pleas for mercy, but, as usual,
they fell on deaf ears. The only excitement left for the girls was
Allison's startled shriek moments after she stepped into the
shower.

   "What's the matter!?" Ma'am shouted as she rushed into the
bathroom. Mariko and Courtney both waited anxiously for Ma'am's
return. When she reappeared, she was chuckling.

   "Ran out of hot water!" she said as she motioned over her
shoulder to the bathroom. All three girls shared a hearty laugh at
Allison's expense. It served her right!

   Their entrance was grand to say the least, Richard knelt at the
fireplace stoking a roaring fire that filled the living room with
warmth. Rain splashed against the widows and the cold wind howled
outside as the guests of honor took their places around the fire.
Richard rolled onto his side and watched the four attractive women
take seats on the overstuffed couch that faced the fire.

   "Your home is so much more then you described Richard," began
Allison "We're so pleased you offered to put us up while we're in
town for the party, this is so much more cozy then a impersonal old
hotel."

   "My pleasure Allison," replied Richard as he stood up and headed
for the bar. "I wish you could visit more often. What will everyone
have?"

   "We don't get the opportunity for parties like this very often
back east. It seems California has a patent on them." piped in
Ma'am.

   "Nonsense, You yourself have thrown a few memorable bashes that
I've had the pleasure to attend..." Said Richard, as he prepared a
round of drinks for everyone, Scotch on the rocks for himself, a
vodka martini for Allison, a gin and tonic for Ma'am and a glass of
white wine for Mariko and Courtney. Mariko thought back briefly to
the party Allison had recently hosted. Richard sure knew what he
was talking about.

   The girls realized right away that their drinks were provided
just to be polite because no one lifted a finger to remove their
gags and it was useless to try to get at the wine with their
mouth's wedged open by rubber balls.

   The drinks flowed and the talk rambled for several hours.
Richard had earlier sat beside Mariko on the couch where she
snuggled up next to him and was nodding off into a cozy, contented
sleep when she was startled awake when he carefully lifted her lip
with his finger.

   "Oh yes, I see now, there it is..." Richard commented as he
peered into her mouth. "Ingenious! But is it effective?

   "Certainly!" replied Allison, "And totally undetectable."

   "Yeah, I guess it'd work pretty well, too bad I won't be around
to see it." Said Richard as Mariko returned to the present.

   "Yes, that is too bad but there will be other times." countered
Allison. While they were chatting, Richard was absently rubbing
Mariko's arm, and as the conversation wandered, so did his hands.
Mariko didn't protest... this was exactly where she wanted to be,
where she felt most content, In the arm's of her strong secret
lover. The vulnerability caused by her bondage only caused her to
feel more secure under his protection.

   "Well, I'm bushed!" Announced Allison. "I think it's time to hit
the hay."

   "Yeah, me too..." said Ma'am on cue as she shoved Courtney out
the door. "We do have a busy day tomorrow."

   Mariko desperately looked up at Richard, the look in her eyes
told all to everyone in the room. Richard's eyes never faltered
either, never moving from hers. Allison's voice seemed very far
away to Mariko but nonetheless she heard it clearly.

   "You know Richard, it almost slipped my mind, Mariko here asked
if she could thank you for your heroics back home, I guess that you
two would prefer to discuss this alone." she said as she discreetly
followed the other two girls to their bedroom.

   Richard's passionate gaze turned a bit more quizzical as he
looked at the beautiful girl who lay in his arms. Mariko quivered
as she nodded to the unasked question, it was the only thing she
wanted in the whole world right now. Richard's indecision melted as
he scooped her up in his arms as easily as if she were a child and
carried her up the stairs to his loft and placed her gently on the
bed. He sat down next to her and cradled her head in his arms.

   "Are you sure this is what YOU want?" he whispered gently. Tears
welled in her eyes as she as she pressed her cheek into his chest,
her eyes said volumes as she slowly looked up... "PLEASE!"

   His hands were soft and gentle as he stroked and massaged her
naked skin. She had never experienced a lover like Richard before,
so tender, so caring, so demanding, so loving, such a tease! Mariko
was in ecstasy every moment with this man. His experienced hands
sought out places on Mariko's body that she had never known before,
or known the joy they could bring. Her head swum and her breath was
short, when his hand finally found the strap that held her voice in
check, Mariko realized that words would have no meaning. There was
nothing that could express what she was feeling... Her most burning
desire was to kiss her love, this man, who was at once, her lover,
her captor, her rescuer, her master, her slave, her joy. When the
gag fell away, their passion soared as their lips met, and they
seemed not to part as their love continued for the rest of the
night. She had finally escaped...

   Mariko snuggled under the blankets savoring their warmth for a
few moments. She slowly reached out her foot and was a little
frightened to find that he was not there, but then she heard some
rustling about in the bedroom and she slowly poked her head out
from under the covers.

   "Good morning sleepy head!" said Richard with a smile. "Pleasant
dreams?"

   "Yepht!" Slurred Mariko... She cursed herself for her
foolishness, Why, OH WHY, had she asked him to put the ball back on
last night? Richard came and sat on the edge of the bed and gently
stroked Mariko's disheveled hair and warmly smiled. It was a smile
that made Mariko's heart soar like a bird. Suddenly, he turned more
serious.

   "I don't want to tell you this, but, I have to go now, and I
won't be able to be with you for a little while longer." He
reluctantly began. "But only for a little while, I promise..."
Richard leaned forward and pulled her close. and whispered in her
ear, "I promise, I'll be back for you." He then kissed her gently
on the cheek and hurried to the door where he paused to look back
at Mariko who could see him through a veil of tears.

   "I love you..." he said as he reluctantly opened the door.

   Mariko was alone for a long time, she thought long and hard
about what she had experienced over the last couple of months but
she couldn't sort out her feelings. Things never seemed to work out
the way she planed them, they probably never would either. Perhaps
it would be best to just go with the flow for once... There was a
soft knock on the door then Ma'am slowly poked her head inside.

   "Morning," she said softly as Mariko sat up to great her. Ma'am
approached and unbuckled Mariko's gag. "It seems you made quite a
conquest..." She said.

   "What do you mean?"

   "Oh, I don't know," Smiled Ma'am "But I do know that a lot of
people have tried to get to Richard, so far no one has..." she said
with a smile, "That is, until now." Mariko sat back, and let Ma'am
tug at her disheveled clothing. (they had forgotten the key to the
handcuffs the night before, so they had to make do.) After a few
aborted attempts, she pulled Mariko out of the bed as it made more
sense to go look for the key. Mariko stumbled along towards
Allison's room barely noticing that she was still almost completely
nude.

   "Conquest??" she thought, "How can a girl, who's helplessly
bound conquer anyone, let alone a strong man like Richard." (She
really did know, as we all probably do, but she still refused to
admit it!)

   The four girls had a wonderful time that day, playing around
Richard's magnificent cliff-top home. They all enjoyed a pleasant
brunch on the open patio after dressing up Courtney in a lacy sun
dress with a wide brimmed hat and Mariko in a traditional silk
kimono that even made Courtney jealous. Apart from having their
hands tied, Mariko and Courtney were free to chat and move about
freely. Allison and Ma'am took great delight in feeding their
guests, and the day proceeded pleasantly.

   It was about 2 P.M. when Allison decided that it was time to
start getting ready for the party. Mariko and Courtney balked a
little but they had to admit they were curious about what was in
store for them. After a bath, they were lightly toweled off, and
then they were led into the den that they had been in the night
before. Allison was there, holding two aluminum rods about two feet
long with a leather wrist cuff on either end and two cords that ran
up over a pair of beams in the ceiling on opposite sides of the
room. When they were secured, both girls faced each other standing
on their tip toes with their arms stretched high over their heads.
Allison and Ma'am slowly dragged a huge steamer trunk into the room
and opened it in such a way that neither girl could see what it
contained, but that was surly only a matter of time.

   Allison dug around in the trunk for a moment and handed Ma'am a
pair of silk stockings that were destined to adorn Mariko's legs,
supported by a pair of lacy garters. The next piece of apparel were
her shoes, a pair of white, antique granny shoes that were made of
hard leather and laced up the front, making them impossible to kick
off. Mariko, by now, was used to five inch heels, in fact, they
were more comfortable then balancing on tip toes. Now that Courtney
and Mariko were wearing shoes, their captors strapped their ankles
together to eliminate any thoughts of kicking. Ma'am was first back
to the trunk and when she emerged, she was carrying a collection of
silk and canvas pieces connected together with what looked like
hundreds of laces. Ma'am wrapped the corset around Mariko's waist
and began to close the catches.

   "This is a little silly, don't you think? Or are you trying to
tell me I'm fat?" Mariko began, she barely weigh 100 pounds soaking
wet.

   "No, of course not. These can serve more then one purpose you
know..."

   "Yea? like what?" asked Mariko.

   "Posture control of course, as if you didn't know." replied
Ma'am.

   "Uulp! I didn't... "

   "No matter, You will." replied Ma'am pleasantly while she
whistled a little tune as she began to lace the corset up. The
corset ran from the center of Mariko's shoulder blades, cut down
under her armpits and looped down to form a pair of breast cups
that pressed Mariko's breasts up and to the center. The corset ran
to Mariko's upper hips and was so heavily boned that she was
confident that it would be almost impossible to bend at the waist.
Ma'am started lacing at the center and worked her way upward where
she tied the string into a bow at Mariko's shoulder blades. Then
she repeated the procedure on the lower portion, tying the bow just
below her rump. She was able to draw the center string on the lower
portion a little tighter then on the top portion so this caused
some slack to appear on the upper part so Ma'am simply started the
upper side again, drawing out all the slack. This, not
surprisingly, produced more slack in the bottom section, so, of
course, Ma'am had to readjust the bottom of the corset again as
well. It seemed to Mariko that this could go on until she was cut
in half but thankfully, just before the last breath was squeezed
from her breast Ma'am tied off the laces and declared herself
finished.

   As Mariko was futile ly attempting to catch her breath, both
Allison and Ma'am approached menacingly. Ma'am grabbed Mariko's
hair and roughly pulled her head back and when Mariko yelped in
protest Allison was ready with a plastic mouth piece that popped in
place against the roof of her mouth in seconds and fit so snugly
that it seemed to be made for her. (Mariko's mind flashed back to
her trip to the dentist. Undoubtedly it WAS made for her!) When she
closed her mouth she found that the bottom of the plug fit the
lower part of her mouth just as well. There was even a place for
her tongue to fit comfortably. Ma'am reached her finger into the
corner of Mariko's mouth and drew her lip back. Allison then pushed
a piece of thin wire into the small metal loops that had been
cemented to her teeth by Dr. Farmington. When she twisted the ends
of the wire together with a small pair of pliers Mariko could feel
her jaws being pulled shut around the plug. Ma'am snipped the wire
and put a little piece of wax over the sharp point left on the end
of the wire. Mariko used all her strength to try to break the grip
of the little wire bands firmly cemented to her teeth but it was
impossible. This gag was one of the most insidious she had ever
experienced. From all outside appearances, she appeared perfectly
comfortable and normal but in actuality, with the plug firmly
implanted, she couldn't make more then a "NNNnnnggg" sound.

   "What a deal!" thought the gagged girl. Within moments, Courtney
was "NNNnnnggg-ing" on her own and Ma'am and Allison were busy
pinning her hair into a tight bun on top of her head. The two women
attended Mariko with identical results and went to the trunk once
again and withdrew two huge wigs, tall curled Victorian style
powdered wigs. Ma'am used about 30 bobby pins to hold it on
Mariko's head.

   "Why don't you just staple it on!" suggested Mariko
sarcastically after Ma'am had jabbed her with the pins. All that
came out was "NNNnnnggg!" though, and Ma'am just ignored her.

   What followed was one of the most elaborate costumes Mariko had
ever seen before. Allison pulled a stunning dress out of the trunk,
blue satin, lace and bows everywhere, petticoats, petticoats and
more petticoats. Even a bustle! Allison and Ma'am took her down off
the bar to push her arms into the puffy shoulders of the dress and
then into matching shoulder length gloves. The front of the off the
shoulder gown plunged down to expose more cleavage that Mariko
would have ever believed she was capable of having. The two women
pulled her hands behind her back and tightly strapped them there
with a blue strap that was almost invisible next to the gloves she
wore. The girls wound some hairy hemp rope loosely around her
wrists, giving the appearance that Mariko was tokenly tied, while
it hid the fact that she was, in fact, quite securely bound.

   "This is getting really weird!" Mariko thought to herself.

   Ma'am took a small bottle of a clear liquid and withdrew a tiny
applicator brush which she held up to Mariko's face. She dabbed the
liquid beneath Mariko's nose and then spread it around evenly to
her upper lip. She touched the liquid with her finger and Mariko
discovered that it was becoming very sticky. Allison twirled a red
chiffon scarf in her hands as she came up to the confused girl. She
carefully pressed the center of the wispy scarf onto Mariko's upper
lip and the scarf clung to the glue and hung down like and enormous
red mustache while Allison moved behind her and then tied the loose
ends snugly behind the back of her neck. Mariko was then relegated
to the role of a spectator as the girls turned their attention to
Courtney. This brief respite gave Mariko a chance to dissect her
predicament.

   "What a ploy! They want people to think I'm pretending to be
tied up and gagged when I really *AM* tied up and gagged!" She
deduced. "This is really too much..." She thought as she pulled at
the strap on her wrists, there wasn't an inch of give.

   Ma'am and Allison made short work of Courtney and before long
Mariko was studying her friend's condition. She had been dressed
identically to Mariko except her dress was the most vivid red she
had ever seen. To anyone's unconcerned glance it looked as if she
was wearing a movie pretend gag and someone had looped rope around
her wrists as a joke. But unfortunately for our heroines, it was
all to real.

   The two bound girls waited patiently for their chaperons return
and Allison and Ma'am didn't keep them waiting for long. The doors
flung open and in marched Allison in full costume. She was the
pirate queen. The short black jacket with brass buttons and the
tassels on the shoulders, the striped jersey, the tight white pants
and black boots. She even had an eye patch. Ma'am followed closely
behind as a mate with a sword and a bandanna on her head and some
more hairy hemp rope that she set about tying around the captives
waists for leashes.

   "Shiver me timbers! Ye land lubbers! Are ye ready to shove off?
Allison drawled. And as soon as the limo arrived, they did.

   The intrepid band of sailors reached their destination without
incident. As they approached the entrance to the sprawling mansion,
Mariko was somewhat taken aback by the number of cars parked on the
grounds of the huge house.

   "This could be a fun one, every one has to come as their
favorite kink." Allison said. "But there are all sorts of people
here tonight, a lot who aren't into our scene so we should stay low
key until we get into the flow of the party." Allison said to
Ma'am. As if planning a strategy. Ma'am nodded in return.

   "No problem."

   Mariko put aside any hopes for escape. Even the most observant
guest would have thought that she and Courtney were simply going
along with the game. ( "Surely they can really talk around those
scarfs if they really WANTED to!" ) When they rang the bell they
were greeted by Allison's old friend Charlotte. She was wearing a
tiger skin and red high heels and mask.

   "Why Allison! I'm so glad you could make it. Come in dear."
Allison tugged on the rope that connected her booty together at the
waist and pulled them in behind her as they entered the strangest
party Mariko had ever heard of.

   There were well over a hundred people of every shape, size,
color and persuasion. There were gorilla suits, business suits,
there were bare breasts, there was a suit of armor. A woman dressed
in black leather passed by, followed by a man in white silk. In the
corner there were two men dressed like women talking to a woman
dressed like a football player. Allison made the rounds of the
party, exchanging pleasantries with everyone she came across. Ma'am
had wandered away to the bar and was chatting with a woman wearing
a toga and carrying a trident. There were people necking in the
corner. There was even a midget. Suddenly, a woman who seemed to be
wearing nothing but shaving cream ran by hotly pursued by a man in
a trench coat. This was amazing. Several men approached Courtney
and Mariko and attempted to strike up a conversation. Allison put
an abrupt end to this by pulling them closer with the rope.
Courtney and Mariko weren't very upset at this. Those guys just
weren't their type.

   Over the top of the crowd Mariko could make out a pair of long,
pointed, green bits of satin moving towards them zigzag fashion
through the mass of people. When the last person blocking the girls
view stepped aside, both Mariko and Courtney were flabbergasted to
be face to face with their old friend, Kelly McVee, Sweetcakes to
her friends.

   "Allo! An' what do we got 'ear!" She shouted as she threw her
arms around the two bound girls. "Me ol' Pals... I thought it was
you." Mariko and Courtney nodded their greetings and took in their
school chum's outfit. The two satin points they had seen were ears,
two bunny ears that came out of the top of her head. She was decked
out in a Playboy bunny's costume, a tight, tight, TIGHT, one piece
costume that just barely held her breasts in check and had just
enough cloth running between her legs to only be considered
obscene. Around her neck was a stiff white collar with a green bow
tie and on her wrists were matching white cuffs complete with
cufflinks. She even had a puffy white cotton tail. During this
commotion Allison turned to greet the little bunny.

   "Why hello there Sweetcakes! It's so good to see you."

   "Gud evenin' Mistress." replied Sweetcakes formally as she
turned her eyes to the floor. Within seconds, Allison's attention
was focused elsewhere to someone she knew and she forgot about
Sweetcakes. Sweetcakes face re-lit as Allison turned away.

   "Ear' now!" Sweetcakes shouted as she spun around to face a
burly man who had just pinched her little cotton tail. "You keep
them 'ands to ya'self!! There's only one pair 'o' hands that can
pinch me bum, an' they ain't yours!" she said as she poked the
man's chest with her finger. Sweetcakes backed the man right down,
then turned back to our friends.

   "So, an' what brings ya at this neck o' the woods?" Sweetcakes
inquired.

   "NNNnnnggg!" said Mariko.

   "NNNnnnggg! NNNnnnggg!" added Courtney. Sweetcakes looked a
little perplexed at their response. She leaned in and whispered to
the two girls.

   "Are ya really gagged?" Both Mariko and Courtney nodded.

   "Noooo!" she said in amazement, "An' done up for real too?"
Courtney pulled at her wrists for emphasis.

   "That Bitch!" Sweetcakes snarled. "This party was supposed to be
fun for..." Sweetcakes was cut off in mid sentence as two tiny, red
light bulbs that were sewn onto her bow tie began to blink slowly
and rhythmically, and Sweetcakes eyes crossed in her head. After a
long moment the blinking stopped and her eyesight seemed to return
to normal.

   "As I was sayin'... This is supposed to be fun for everyone,
Ya'know?" She stopped and glanced at the puzzled look on Mariko's
and Courtney's face.

   "Sir Reggie wen' an put one of them vibratin' eggs in me before
'e stuffed me in this suit. Now 'e controls the bloody thing by
remote con..CC..CCC." The rhythmic blinking returned for a moment
and again Sweetcakes shuddered. When the lights stopped, she smiled
to the two girls.

   "What we gotta put up with! Just for a little fun! I gotta go,
before he turns the bloody thing up a notch. See ya!" Sweetcakes
said as she hurried off in search of Sir Reginald.

   Presently Ma'am wandered back into the picture and Allison
handed her the the rope that leashed the two girls together.

   "I want to wander a bit, keep an eye on these two while I'm
gone..." Ma'am reluctantly accepted the leashes as Allison headed
off to another group of chatting people. Ma'am sighed as she pulled
on the leash,

   "That'll probably be the last we see of her tonight." Ma'am said
under her breath to her two charges, "She just want's the grand
entrance, then it's every woman for herself... Oh well, we might as
well make the best of it." She said as she pulled the two leashed
girls towards the buffet. As was reasonable to expect, the girls
remained on their diets as they followed Ma'am around.

   As the three girls wandered about the party, Mariko kept getting
a strange feeling of deja vu, she couldn't quite pin down what was
so familiar, but there was something. As they would approach a
corner she would get this strange feeling but when they turned it,
the feeling would be gone. Perhaps it was a smell, (There were
certainly many sweaty people there) or perhaps a sound. Curious. It
was not very easy going for Mariko and Courtney as they tried to
worm their way through the crowd behind Ma'am. The huge full skirts
and high heels served only to knock them off balance, and with the
stiff corsets and no hands to balance them they seemed to take
turns stumbling into each other or worse, someone else. Invariably,
whenever they would teeter, there would be several pairs of male
hands to steady them, usually copping a feel as an unoffered
reward. As the night wore on the girls began to not even notice
these affronts to their dignity. Certainly, there was nothing they
could do about it.

   The recognition hit like a ton of bricks. The thing that was
driving Mariko crazy was not a smell but rather a sound, Mariko
could hear a laugh through the din of the party that was so
distinctive that she was certain of it's origin and it took only
seconds from her realization for the verification to be at hand.
The crowd parted and through this opening stepped Ivan Rasovitz.
The same Ivan Rasovitz who had sent Mariko to spy on B&D Cosmetics,
the same guy who had gotten her into this damn mess in the first
place. He was dressed like a Greek God.

   "That figures!" thought Mariko. He had his arm around a gaudy
woman with bleached blonde hair and a T-shirt on that said "I sleep
with the boss!"

   "Hi Diane... I heard you were here. How's the ass!" Ivan said
cheerfully as he approached. For a moment Mariko was infuriated
that he could, after all she had been through for him, forget her
name. But, to her surprise, he was not talking to her, but to
Ma'am.

   "Hello Ivan, long time, no see..." Ma'am replied coolly. "Still
hanging out at the toxic waste center... looking for hand-outs?"

   "Naw, I've moved up to bigger and better things. Now I'm so
important, they deliver." He replied.

   "IIiiivannn! You're always so rude!!!" the floozy interrupted in
an high squeaky voice, punctuated with a snap from some chewing
gum. "You never introduce me to any of your friends... My name's
Ima... Ima Lay." she said as she offered her hand to Ma'am.

   "And I'm not surprised." replied Ma'am dryly as she shook her
hand.

   "So, Diane, I see your still hanging around with Allison, You
two can't seem to get enough of each other Eh? and she's still up
to the same old tricks." Ivan said indicating the bound girls.

   "Yeah, when I find a good thing I always stick with it. Loyalty
pays off in the end. But what would you know about that?" replied
Ma'am.

   "Well, if you had stuck with the best, who knows where you'd be
now? I'm not usually this magnanimous, you know, but there is still
a place for you at Rasovitz Industries. Go ahead, call me a
softy..."

   "Maybe you are soft, and maybe I just got smart. There's no way
I'm gonna be stupid enough to let you take advantage of me again."
said Ma'am angrily.

   "Hey!" Ima said abruptly, interrupting Ma'am. "Are you tryin' to
make fun of my name!?!" Ma'am simply ignored her.

   "You don't know what your missing." said Ivan. "Besides you have
to take advantage of the situations as they arise. Take my little
pal Myako here..." he said as put his arm around Mariko's waist and
pulled her to him. "I knew that Allison would love her cute little
oriental ass, and hire her on the spot. That way, I got to replace
you and get some more formulas, and if she gets caught it's no
loss. To me, that's just smart business." Ma'am looked at Mariko
with surprise.

   "What?!" thought Mariko angrily.

   "Yeah, She didn't get me as much as some of the others." Ivan
mused, "She was loyal, just a little dumb. I knew she wasn't gonna
be of any use to me any other way. Except she does have cute
tits..." He said with a leer and a pinch of Mariko's nipple.

   "That bastard!" fumed Mariko "This is what I've been
protecting?."

   "Besides, she probably still hasn't told Allison that she was
working for me!" Ivan said with a smirk. Mariko couldn't take this
any more, She pulled away from Ivan and faced him angrily. All the
revelers in the vicinity turned and watched the confrontation.

   "Nnnnmeggnn! Nnnummnmh!! NMGNNNGNH!!!! MMNE NNGHGGBNF!!!!"
Shouted Mariko. (Narrator's note: These were all cuss words, as if
you couldn't guess!)

   "Are you trying to tell me something?" said Ivan with a
condescending wink. With that remark, Mariko hauled off and kicked
Ivan as hard as she could in the shin. She only wished that her
skirts hadn't prevented her from kicking him higher up. Everyone
watching broke into laughter as Ivan hopped back holding his shin
and Mariko jumped towards him for a second shot, She was certain
she could get higher *THIS* time! Ma'am and Courtney acted swiftly
as they blocked Mariko's advance and began pushing her back away
from the battle. Ivan rolled back and tried to cover his head with
his hands.

   "NDHHNNGG! MMMNNGG, MLMNHGG!!!!!!" shouted the infuriated
Japanese girl over their backs at Ivan as they pushed her away.
Ivan smiled and blew Mariko a kiss as she was being dragged away.
The last thing Mariko heard was Ima saying, "Mummy kiss an' make
all better. Mummm mumm mumm..."

   "What the heck is going on around here?" demanded Allison when
she found the girls in an empty bedroom attempting to cool off.

   "Awh, it wasn't nothing," drawled Ma'am, "We just had a little
fight."

   "What? With who?"

   "Good ol' Ivan Rasovitz, in his usual creepy fashion, made a
comment about how he felt about Mariko here, so she kicked him."

   "Where?" asked Allison.

   "In the living room."

   "NOooo!... *WHERE*?"

   "Oh, In the shins." replied Ma'am.

   "Too bad," Allison said, turning to Mariko. "I guess next time
we should dress you in pants." Mariko nodded emphatically. "It
look's like you've got things under control, why don't you stay
here with Mariko so she can cool off. I'll take Courtney back to
the party with me..."

   "Okay," said Ma'am. "Is it all right if I take her gag off?"

   "Sure, it'd be pretty boring otherwise." Allison said as she
picked up the rope leash and pulled Courtney out of the room behind
her.

   Ma'am removed the scarf that covered Mariko's mouth, then took
a small pair of cutters out of her pocket and carefully snipped the
two thin wires that held Mariko's mouth shut and removed the plug.
Mariko sat for a moment opening and stretching her jaw muscles.

   "I see you know Ivan too." said Ma'am.

   "Yes I used to work for him, the bastard!" replied Mariko.

   "Spying?" asked Ma'am

   "How did you know????" asked the surprised Mariko, "I never let
on..." Ma'am let out a small laugh, and walked over to the mirror,

   "That's how I met Allison, I was working for Ivan about four
years ago and he told me that he suspected that he had someone
stealing his formulas and selling them to B&D Cosmetics. He wanted
me to get a job with B&D, so I could help him track down the crook
by sending back the stolen formulas. He had done so much for me,
giving me a job right out of college, promoting me, teaching me,
that I had to do it for him. In fact, I did it for almost a year
before Allison caught me."

   "Wow! I barely made it about six months. But, if that is true
why didn't he come and help you?...Or me? and why did he act that
way tonight?"

   "You still don't get it???" asked Ma'am. "Remember, he never
asked for any specific formulas, We just sent them ALL to him!
Allison wasn't copying any of Ivan's work... He had us stealing
Allison's line so *HE* could copy it!"

   It all came together for Mariko now, she had been protecting a
crook with her silence. She shook her head in disgust at her own
naivete.

   "There's still one thing I don't understand," began Mariko
slowly, "Why did Allison go through all this trouble, kidnaping me,
and making me go through all the crap I've been through at the
school. Why didn't she just call the police and have me arrested."

   "Well, several reasons, she knew you were tricked into stealing
the stuff from her, and although the stealing really pissed her
off, she didn't think it was worth sending you to jail, just
because you're naive. But she did want to be sure you were
punished... and as we're all well aware, she's kinky enough to
really *ENJOY* punishing you."

   "Oh, so it was a favor, not to send me to jail for a year or two
but instead she can keep me like this forever?" blurted Mariko
angrily.

   "No way, she would never had done that!" responded Ma'am "All
she was waiting for was for you to admit what you had done and say
you were sorry. That's all, then she would have let you go with
only a promise not to give her any trouble in the future, like
going to the police, otherwise she would have to go to the police
and press charges for the spying."

   "And I was too stubborn to give in and tell... and she knew all
along."

   "Right! She wasn't about to let you even think you got better of
her. She won't ever let someone beat her."

   "But what about Courtney, what did she do to deserve this?"
asked Mariko.

   "I really don't know, But she had to have done something.
Allison doesn't always tell us everything, in fact, I didn't even
know we both worked for Ivan until we saw him down stairs."

   "Wait a minute! That's right!" Mariko shouted. "You did the same
thing I did! Why aren't you wearing this stupid outfit?"

   "Hold it right there! I did wear things like that! In fact, you
have it easy compared to the way it was in the old days! Joan and
I didn't have cuffs like yours, with a lock and key, ours SCREWED
together, we wore them for days at a time! Even our pajamas had
only one sleeve, if you know what I mean. So don't try to tell me
we got off easy!"

   "How long did you go through that?" Mariko asked "And how did
you get to where you are now?"

   "We've been Allison's slaves for about three years now..."
noting Mariko's surprise at 'slaves', Ma'am continued. "Yes, we're
her slaves too, Joan and I, we get more freedom then you do but
we're still absolutely under her control and I myself wouldn't have
it any other way."

   "What?!" gasped Mariko.

   "Oh come on, don't tell me you haven't thought about it, It's a
special thing, giving yourself to someone totally, total trust,
without reservation, and no restrictions. And have that person
return your gift by paying total attention to you, to care for you,
protect you, and love you. One thing I realized right away was that
Allison and her friends had something that I had never come across
before, total honesty, what you see is what you get... You know
when she's mad, you know when she's pleased, she doesn't pull any
punches. It's hard to express, but I can't see my life without her
now."

   "You mean you love her?" asked Mariko incredulously.

   "I don't love all the things she's done to me. But that's her...
Open, honest, well meaning in a way. I guess that's what I love.
She's just a little kinky, you just have to put up with that."

   "I don't know if I can do that, Put up with it, I mean." said
Mariko.

   "You may not have to much longer. I think Allison made her
point, or Ivan did it for her. She may be satisfied now and let you
go."

   "Does that mean I might be able to get a job like yours?"

   "Oh, I doubt that..." smiled Ma'am as she stroked Mariko's
cheek. "Some have it and some don't. I think you were born for your
lot, Sorry... Anyway, don't you feel better now?"

   "Just different I suppose, more then better, I'm really not mad
anymore. To be honest, I don't think I have been for a while."

   "Same thing happened to me, it's really not so bad. You'd
realize that sooner or later... Want to go back to the party now?
I'm going to gag you again if you do." said Ma'am as she twirled a
ball gag around her finger.

   "Sure, why not..." said Mariko with a shrug. As Ma'am buckled
the strap tightly behind her neck Mariko noticed that it didn't
seem too terribly uncomfortable at all."

   The two girls descended the stairs and they immediately noticed
that the party had thinned out considerably. It seemed to Mariko
that the majority of the people who remained were those who's
costumes leaned towards bondage. At the bottom of the stairs they
passed Sir Reginald who was conferring with two other men while
they fumbled with some small object. Mariko over heard Sir
Reginald,

   "Blasted gadgets!!" he said as he concentrated on what they were
doing so much that he didn't even notice Ma'am and Mariko pass by.

   Presently, they found Allison and Courtney chatting with
Charlotte. After a few moments and some warm thank you's and
good-byes Allison and Ma'am prodded the exhausted Mariko and
Courtney towards the exit. As they crossed the living room they
could see a pair of green satin ears poking up from the back of a
plush easy chair. Mariko was surprised as they passed in front of
the chair where they could see Sweetcakes, she was covered with
perspiration. Her hands were secured behind her by the white cuffs,
cleverly connected by the trick cufflinks, and silenced with the
wad of fluff that had been her cotton tail. Her face was flushed
red and she was panting frantically through her nose. The two tiny
bulbs on her bow tie were now brightly lit. Seems she was an
example of the pitfall of faulty technology. She opened her eyes
for the briefest of moments and met eyes with Mariko. She smiled
weakly at her friend, shrugged as if to say "What's the use...",
and then orgasmed again.

   On the flight back to New York, Mariko spent a long time in
thought. Her life had been changed so radically in the last few
days that it would take her a long time to sort herself out. If she
would ever be able to understand all that had happened. She
ultimately figured that all she would need was time. When they
finally pulled up in front of the estate, Mariko spied her old
friends, the Three Stooges, waiting for them. Allison and Ma'am
both got out of the car without saying a word and went into the
house leaving the oriental guards to conduct Mariko and Courtney
down to their rooms. They seated Mariko on one of the chairs next
to the table and handcuffed her ankles together. She already wore
a pair on her wrists connected to a ring on the back of her belt.
She still chewed on the red rubber ball they had locked on her that
morning in L.A. She looked around the room that she had become so
accustom to over her stay with Allison, the small platform bed, the
simple table and chairs, and the un-private bathroom, with no door
opposite the locked exit.

   "I wonder if I'd miss this place?" she thought. There was a
rattling as the door was unbolted from the outside. It was Allison.
She walked in slowly and came up to stand in front of the cuffed
girl.

   "Here," she said, placing a key ring with three keys on the
table beside Mariko. "Now that you understand. The choice is all
your's..." There was no trick, her freedom was at hand. Allison
turned and walked out past the door leaving it ajar. Mariko sat for
many moments and stared at the keys. Many thoughts raced through
her head as she contemplated her future. She tried to remember the
past, of Ivan, of Richard, of freedom, of bondage, This was the
crossroads of her life. But the die was cast and Mariko knew it.
She leaned forward and pushed the keys to the edge of the table.
She reached down and by pushing her tongue out under the ball she
was able to scoop up the keys and pin them against the ball with
her tongue. She slowly stood up and shuffled over to the door to
her room with tiny mincing steps. When she reached the threshold of
the door she awkwardly knelt down, facing the door. The adrenalin
raced through her body and her head pounded with excitement.
Minutes seemed like hours as she squirmed on the floor. Finally,
the door creaked as it opened and Mariko looked up directly into
Allison's curious face for a long moment. There was no more time,
What should be done, would be done... Mariko leaned forward and let
the keys slip from her mouth. The sound of the keys hitting the
floor at Allison's feet was almost deafening, and Mariko strained
forward and pressed her nose and cheek against Allison's boot. Her
freedom willingly gone forever.

   There was a long pause before Mariko was able to open her eyes,
and when she did they were filled with tears, tears of joy. She had
found the strength to do as she wanted. She looked up at Allison
who loomed over her for a moment then knelt down beside Mariko and
warmly hugged her.

   "Welcome to my family..." Allison said as she kissed her on the
cheek. "I'm so glad you decided to stay." she said as she stood and
helped Mariko back to her chair. Allison then smiled and turned to
the door. "I'll send the girls down to take care of you... You'll
be dressing for dinner tonight!"

   "Oh my! What have I gone and done????" thought Mariko happily.

   Suddenly, the door was unbolted and a blonde head poked inside.
It was Courtney. She still wore the dress she had on for their trip
and she carried a big paper bag in her arms. She was without the
handcuffs. She was without the gag. To Mariko she just didn't seem
like Courtney anymore without them. She set the bag on the table
and leaned down to Mariko.

   "I'm outta here!" she said with a smile. "Allison told me that
you were staying and what you did, I guess you can never figure
anybody huh? I certainly never figured you as a spy." She smiled.
"Ya know... I'll bet you could never guess why Allison was so
pissed off at me?... Well?" Mariko figured it was pointless to
guess because she was still gagged so she simply shrugged her
shoulders.

   "Remember those trips I took to Atlantic City?" Mariko nodded.
"Well, see, I had this little problem... See, I figured that I'd
just borrow some money for a little while, and I did it so good, I
even set up a little tiny advertising company, so I could cash the
checks... I was gonna pay it back with my winnings, only I didn't
win... " Courtney said as she blushed "Then I borrowed some more
and lost and before long I had borrowed quite a bit. BUT I WAS
GONNA PAY IT BACK!! Really!! It wasn't embezzlement like Allison
said, Gee, I hate that word..., it was borrowing!" Courtney said
emphatically, but still blushing. "Anyway, Allison and I worked
this deal, she said I could leave as long as I promised to pay her
back. She even gave me a job! Seventy five grand a year! At that
rate, if I pay her back fifty grand a year, I should be all square
in about five years... That's not so long!..." Mariko wondered if
Courtney had given much thought about the interest...

   "Anyway Mari, I can't wait to get outta here. Look!" she said as
she waved her arms above her head. "I've forgotten what this was
like! It's fabulous!" With that, Courtney bent over and hugged
Mariko and kissed her on the cheek. "I know your going to be happy
staying here, it's just not for me, You know?" she said as she
turned to leave. As she passed by the table and picked up her bag
the load slipped from her grasp and crashed to the floor. Out of
the bag skittered a gleaming rubber ball with a leather strap
running through the center. Courtney scrambled to snatch up the
ball and then turned to face her friend with a face as fiery red as
the ball she plunged back into the bag.

   "It's only a souvenir! Really! Allison said I could!!" Courtney
said weakly. Mariko nodded, and smiled.

   "Anyway, I'll see ya Mari!" Courtney said as she closed and
bolted the door behind her. Somehow, Mariko was sure that that she
would be seeing Courtney again... Soon.

  **************** THE END of B&D ACADEMY ******************




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Snidley(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





