BDSM Library - Short Stories by Dave




Short Stories by Dave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Several short romatic stories written by Dave.
						Domestic War

   I was young when we moved from the Midwest to our new home on the Pacific
Coast.  A transfer with new and greater opportunities had enticed my Dad, and
before we knew what had happened, we are on the road; our old car packed to the
running boards.  The voyage started in a raging snowstorm, and we almost got
lost before we got out of town.  But with fond farewells, and sadness in our
hearts, we turned our hopes and sights on the new land beyond the mountains. 
The initial months were tough, with a myriad of adjustments to new schools,
schedules, and sights, and we often found ourselves gathered around the dinner
table collectively griping about our "hopeless" situations.  The days were long
and frustrating, and the nights were longer during the first winter; but we
struggled through, clinging to our memories, and each other.

   The spring brought new opportunities and hopes for us all.  My Dad begin to
work swing shift and was seldom home when I returned from school with an armful
of books and enough homework to keep me from gainful employment.  My Sis and Mom
were always discussing the evening chores and current events, while I was
content to bury myself in my studies, and fantasies of captains and mighty ships
sailing into the unknown.   I wasn't a particularly gifted child, and felt quite
short changed in the appearance department with a tall skinny build, dark-framed
glasses, and a nose that was just to big for my face.  I was somewhat
rebellious, and always eager to find both acceptance and the easiest way out. 
That's when I met Roger.

   Now Roger lived about a block away, in an older two story farmhouse that had
been in the family for generations and was surrounded by over ten acres of
partially cleared land.  The wooden floors in the deteriorating domicile creaked
and the rooms were sadly lacking in necessary window space, leaving the interior
dark and musty.  Roger lived with his working Mom and older sister Holly, who
was just about to graduate from high school.  The family, itself, was a study in
extremes, as Roger was kind of short and plump with a personality that could put
a insomniac to sleep.  Holly was tall and skinny, and as nervous as a bee in a
midsummer storm, always scurrying around the home with nonsensical tasks.  The
Mother, was tall and well developed, and was hardly ever home thanks to a
demanding job as a waitress in a local truck stop.  Most nights she would never
make it home, and I always thought she worked far too many hours, when in
actuality, much of her time was spent seeking acceptance from one of the
truckers passing through. 

   Still overcoming the social shock of the move, I was drawn to Roger like a
fly to a flame, and we soon became the best of friends; often sharing the joys
and misfortunes of our maturation in confidences previously unknown to either of
us.  I taught him how to work a yo-yo, and he taught me how to play war.  War
was a customized version of hide-and-go-seek.  We would hide a treasure in a
clearing (usually a battle weary Playboy) and set out for opposite corners of
the property.  With our chronometers aligned, we would take off through the
underbrush at a preset time, to try to capture the treasure and slay our
opponent with our individaul array of water weapons.  I had a small derringer
type and a larger rifle, and he had a Luger and a submachine gun.   The ensuing
seek-and-destroy mission could go on for hours, often scheduled for the
weekends, while my Mom and Dad got caught-up, and my Sis took off with her
friends for shopping excursions and the like.  Fortunately everybody seemed to
love Roger, and there was never a challenge when I asked to go to his house to
spend a couple of hours. 

   During that summer, we got to know the "battlefield" intimately, spending
long hours dodging water volleys, and hiding amidst the abundant undergrowth of
scotch bloom and blackberrie bushes.  Unbeknownst to either of us, there was a
constant specter in the second story window,  watching as we flirted with mock
danger.  Holly was intrigued be the shy Midwestern lad who had befriended her
little brother, and was always eager to offer us her home-baked goodies, and a
glass of Kool-Aid.  Her gentle touches to my shoulders and to my butt were
annoying, but accepted in lieu of the food stuffs she offered.  It wasn't until
one warm October afternoon that her hidden objectives became apparent.

   Coming from a predominantly right wing, working class family had its
definitive drawbacks in those days.  Money was always tight, and trips to the
second hand store for clothes became common place.  I was not as experienced as
I should of been for my age either.  Most obvious, was my naivety.  I knew very
little of the opposite gender, and although I had secretly discovered the joys
of masturbation, I had repressed the desire to relieve myself for fear of hairy
palms. loss of eyesight, or memory lapses.  I knew of the female form, from my
peers and the magazines I wasn't supposed to see until I grew up, but somehow
had never actually visualized a man and a woman satisfying one other in a sexual
way.

   Anyway, that afternoon as I climbed the creaking stairs to the weathered
front door, she stepped out to meet me wearing the shortest cut-offs I had ever
seen.  I froze in my tracks and stared at her legs, my heart leaping into my
throat.  They were endless, beautifully portioned, and went all the way up.  She
smiled a knowing smile at me when our eyes finally met, and for the first time,
I realized how big and green they really were.  Although her face was covered
with freckles and she was entirely too thin for her own good, there was an
unspoiled beauty that captivated me from the onset.  The off white tube top she
wore barely hid the tiny upturned mounds of her unsupported breasts, and her
undeveloped hips were straight and quite unremarkable.  But the look on her face
was somewhat different than I had seen before, and as she stepped towards me and
took my trembling hand, I began to struggle as my knees became jelly.  I was
embarrassed and frightened, and wanted to run to the security of the battlefield
to collect my thoughts and savor the vision of her lithe figure on the porch. 
But her designs were quite different, and she led me firmly into the front room
with an air of anticipation. It was there I learned that Roger was gone for the
weekend with his Mom to visit a distant friend. 

   My throat was parched as she guided me to the couch and begin to ask
questions about my inexperience with the opposite gender.  Ineptly, I spilled
the Kool-Aid she had set out for me onto my jeans and sweatshirt - it was my
favorite flavor too; cherry.  Holly disappeared around the corner and returned
with a moistened towel, and begin to dab my clothes gently in an effort to
extricate the red stains.  I stood up, but wasn't too concerned, as my Mom
always had some strange magic she performed in the laundry room that made stains
disappear.  As I stood there, I began to experience sensations of arousal and
once again, was faced with the fight or flight response.   Quickly turning on my
heel, I bolted for the door, but her arm caught me around the torso, and she
physically lifted my slight frame off the ground and eased me back onto the
tattered couch.  I struggled briefly, and she tried to comfort me, thinking that
I was afraid of my Moms' response to my soiled clothes.

   Actually, I was panicked by her forwardness.  Somehow, I had always thought
it was my job to prepare her, rather than the other way around.  As I sat
trembling on the couch, both dazed and frightened, I felt her hand gently
massage my crotch.  My mind went into overdrive with images of unwanted
pregnancies, and venereal diseases that were instantly fatal.  Looking into her
eyes, I could see her anticipation and desire, and felt her hands undue my jeans
and slip them and my underwear down below my knees.  Paralyzed with self-doubt
and unable to mutter a word, I became aware of her cool soft hands as they
caressed my virgin manhood, bringing it quickly to an almost painful erection. 
Automatically, my hand reached for her bare midriff, and slowly explored the
softness of her tummy, absently moving in expanding circles until it slipped
into her waistband and down towards her furry womanhood.  Instinct had taken
over, and my senses became almost painfully acute, aware of the sights and
smells and sounds of my lover as she brought me closer to the edge. 

   Again our eyes met, and hers were now glazed as my fingers had found their
way to her glistening rosebud amidst the tiny grove of coarse brown hair.  I
could scarcely swallow, as my fingers explored a womans most private places for
the first time.  With her free hand, she unfastened the buttons of her cut-offs,
and slowly wriggled free with the agility of a gymnast.  With my free hand, I
slid my fingers under elastic band of her tube top and exposed her left breast -
barely developed, and almost totally covered with a plump reddish-brown nipple.
There were freckles sprinkled across her reddening chest, that was moving up and
down rapidly to keep up  with her short breaths.  The very sight of a warm and
willing partner brought me over the edge, and I could feel my hairless scrotum
contract violently as the first of several gleaming white ribbons shot high into
the air to land with an audible thump on our legs.  She giggled quietly, as my
body spasmed convulsively and quivered; the muscles forcing the virgin seed out
of my manhood in a bubbly dribble.

   I lay there gasping for air, until I felt her sinewy fingers resume they're
activities on my now wilted organ.  Just the thought of being with her in this
alien environment reignited the passion, and I could feel my pulse racing as my
second arousal became firmly apparent.  She appeared somewhat surprised by the
speed with which I recovered, but wasted little time in positioning herself over
my thighs, and lowering her dark patch of pubic hair over my newly erected
organ.  The exquisite sensation was overpowering, as she began to move her hips
forcefully against my pubic bone.  I swear every neural fibre in my body must of
relocated to the head of my manhood, as all I could feel was the moist and
velvety folds of her womanhood as they repeatedly caressed my painfully erect
member.  Suddenly, her torso stiffened, and she let out a gasp as her delicate
sexuality spasmed with its first orgasm.  It had happened so quickly that I
hadn't even time to explore the tender valleys of her smooth skin as she drove
herself over the edge of ecstasy.   She gasped for air and held me tightly to
her budding bosoms, trembling with the voracity of her release.

   Inexperience took its' toll as all I could think of doing was to rub my hands
gently over the silky skin of her thighs.  After several minutes she gently
lifted her body away from my chest, and shrugged off the tube top, revealing two
small mounds of developing breasts, and a red flush of arousal across her chest
that was peppered with dark freckles.  The smile on her face could easily have
written several volumes, but it was the small goose bumps that began to emerge
that offered the body language I needed to hear.  I began to move my hips,
feeling my manhood slide deeply into her.  With a quick motion, she pulled us on
to the floor and guided my manhood back into her warmth as she lay on her back
with her legs tightly wrapped around my own.  Once again, instinct took over,
and I soon found myself pumping my hips against her furiously while watching the
expression of her face change from fulfillment to lust.  Her breasts were
gyrating wildly, and her moans were becoming breathless gasps.  Our bodies knit
together as a unit, until I could feel the powerful spasms deep in my groin, as
my remaining seed staged itself for the impending orgasm.  Holly came first,
arching her back and locking her legs so tightly that I felt as if my spine
would be pulled apart.  Even so, the contractions in her pussy pushed me over
the edge, as our orgasmic excretions flowed from  her throbbing pussy to form a
sticky pool under her firm cheeks.

   I collapsed on top of her, marveling at the beauty of sexuality, as her body
periodically spasmed beneath mine.


   We had several more similar encounters before she went off to college, where
she supposedly married some young artist who swept her off her feet and took her
to Paris.  She may still be there today.  Roger and I continued our wonderful
relationship until one night, while asleep in bed, a would be thief somehow
imagined he was a threat, and shot him several times.  Overnight my best friend
became a resident in a distant hospital that nurtured him with machines until he
silently expired in the arms of his Mom.  She never did recover from the loss,
and eventually lost her home, and our beloved battlefield, to an unforgiving
bank.

    But as I strolled home, seduced and satiated, I knew I would never
experience the sexual act with the same intensity ever again; albeit I tried for
many years.  And that night I also knew that the battle lines were drawn, and
the war had begun.  I was now one of the millions of experienced warriors in
search of a higher plateau on a domestic battlefield of where the rules are
constantly changed.  Even now, as I walk the busy streets, and silently survey
the many warriors around me, I wonder just how many have experienced the joys
and the losses I have in their own private domestic battles for sexual
fulfillment.




The Bench

   Harvey sat on the bench.  Breathing heavily from the uphill grade, he gazed
into flowering shrubs nearby, catching the fleeting scent of its brilliant
colors on the wind.  Forced to retire early while in the prime of his blue
collar profession, he was left with a pittance of a medical pension, and a
lifetime to consider his misfortune.  With his dreams now distant memories he
watched his life ebb, and mourned for his childhood sweetheart turned wife, who
had just recently lost her brave battle with cancer.  Their two offspring had
opened their homes to him at the funeral, but not their hearts, and he
gracefully declined rather than further burden them.  The small house was paid
for, the taxes were affordable, and his cat loved him.  The years of inactivity
had raised his blood pressure and increased his waistline, along with thinning
his hair and adding wrinkles everywhere.  Still under fifty, he felt old and
spent, unable to do much more than maintain his routines, and collect wisdom
from the TV.   His daily walks kept the doctor off his back, and offered him a
brief window on his corner of the world. 

   On this particular day it had begun to rain lightly, as Harvey made his way
through the abandoned park.  Pausing at the rain slicked bench, he decided it
best to move on to a nearby BBQ pit where a rough hewn cedar roof offered
limited protection from the elements.  Once there, he collapsed onto one of the
dark benches, and gasped at the moist air that filled his aching lungs.  The
heavy overcoat combined with the umbrella had made the journey somewhat more
difficult than he was accustomed.  As his body slowly returned to stasis, he
felt a spark of apprehension when he realized he was virtually alone in one of
the few arenas where he was nearly always surrounded by a crowd.  The threat of
rain had sent the playful youth and their peers scurrying for their homes and
offices, leaving the park in an eerie silence.  He started to rise, anxious to
return to the warmth of his home when he first saw her.

   She was slender wisp of a creature, with delicate features and a face filled
with resignation.  Without protection for her thin dark hair, it was matted
against her head, and the collar of her full length leather coat.  Harvey was
drawn towards her immediately in compassion, and hustled towards her trembling
form under the temporary shelter of his black umbrella.  When her eyes finally
rose to meet his, they whispered of her sincere gratitude before sliding back
into the emptiness from where they had originated.  No words were needed as he
appraised her trembling form and the sorrow that enveloped her.  He offered her
his hand, and after a moments hesitation, she took it cautiously, and they
slowly walked back to the warmth of his home. 

   Ignoring the questioning stares of his neighbors, Harvey guided her gently on
to the rain washed porch, and, after nervously unlocking the front door, into
the warmth of his cluttered living room.  The warmth immediately clouded his
glasses and reminded him of how heavy his overcoat felt with the additional
burden of rainwater.  She collapsed like a rag doll at his feet and he began to
panic.  Using most all of his remaining strength, he shrugged himself free of
the burdensome overcoat, and grasped her under her frail arms.  Dragging her
into the guest room, he tried to lift her on to the four poster bed to no avail. 
His legs crumpled beneath him, and he sat heavily on to the carpeted floor with
her head and shoulders on his lap.  As his heavy breathing began to subside, he
paused to assess his situation, and rose slowly, taking great care to disturb
her as little as possible.  Pulling the dusty comforter off the bed, he covered
her tiny frame, and gently lifted her head to place one of the pillows beneath.

   She awoke with a momentary frightened stare, then rolled slowly on to her
side in a fetal position, trying to preserve what little warmth that remained. 
Harvey gently stroked her hair, and studied the delicate features of her pale
face, her large blue eyes and small upturned nose, her pale full lips and high
cheekbones with a fine sprinkle of freckles.  He guessed her to be in her early
twenties and engaged by the small diamond chip she wore on the delicate fingers
of her left hand.  She was thin and frail and dressed in designer clothes by the
labels he saw on her coat and shoes.  She must have some story to tell he
thought to himself as he rose and stumbled to the kitchen to heat some water for
some tea.  Hanging his coat up in the closet, he glanced back in the guest room
to see her stir slightly under the heavy down comforter, and turned to the
bathroom to run a bath for her.

   The steam from the bath water clouded the mirror as he reached in to secure
the frothy spray and lay out a fresh towel for his guest.  Harvey had used some
of the remaining bubble bath he had given to his wife for their last
anniversary, and the bubbles were threatening to overflow the tub.  As he turned
towards the guest room, he was met by her beautiful blue eyes, and clumsily
stepped to the side as she gracefully wandered over to the steaming bubbles and
tested the temperature with her delicate toes.  Without words he slowly closed
the door, just catching a glimpse of her creamy smooth shoulders as her coat
fell away from her.  The tea kettle was screeching its high pitched tune in the
background as he wandered out into the small kitchen and prepared the chamomile
tea.

   Harvey could hear her humming a soft melody, as he placed the scalding cup of
aromatic liquid on to the night stand.  He turned to the comfort of his over
stuffed chair and the evening news as his body began to slowly recover from the
afternoons efforts.  Sometime after eleven, he awoke to a dark house and the
sounds of gunshots on the TV.  With a groan, he secured the "brainless box" and
sauntered off to the comfort of his own bed, glancing casually at the slightly
opened door of the guest room.  He suddenly remembered the delicate flower he
had left humming in the tub and he quickly turned to peer into the darkened
guest room.  Her barely discernable figure lay shrouded in the warm comforter. 
Somehow the old house felt complete tonight, and he smiled quietly to himself as
he completed his journey down the dimly lit hall.

   Harvey had just begin to doze when he felt the unmistakable tug of someone
lifting the covers and sliding into the cotton sheets.  A thousand thoughts
smothered him as he turned to her, and felt her forefinger touch his lips  to
elicit silence from him.  Her gentle hands began to slowly caress his weathered
face, exploring the lines and wrinkles of age with a tenderness he had never
known.  His hands reached up to her nakedness, touching the cool silkiness of
her youth with the nervousness of a twenty year old virgin.  She calmed him with
her sensuality and brought him to a new level of unexplored eroticism as her
gentle fingers continued to explore his age-tempered body.  As her hands
descended to the furry stem of his manhood, he quivered with her tenderness, and
tried to remember just how long it had been. . .

   The delicate temptress slowly positioned herself astride his aroused manhood,
gently guiding him into the warm recesses of her intimacy.  Harvey dared not
move for fear of disturbing the delicate balance of the moment, and sighed in
thanksgiving as she gently began to move herself over his throbbing erection. 
His one hand found her small developing breasts, and began to explore their
taught fullness while his other hand slid to the smooth full rounds of her
buttocks, reveling in their firmness as the silkiness of her womanhood coaxed
his seed from deep within.  He felt the walls of her vagina began to draw him
deeper into her with firm contractions, announcing her approaching release.  Her
head rolled back and her mouth opened slightly as her first orgasm was
telegraphed through her frail body.  Her back arched sharpley, pointing her
nipples directly towards the ceiling and brushing her fine hair along his legs
as her fingers dug painfully into his soft midsection.  She gasped and trembled
as the orgasm ebbed into the twilight and began to undulate her hips slowly as
she renewed her efforts to satisfy her partner. 

   Several more times she climaxed violently, clawing at Harvey with the
voracity of a lioness.  His torso was now bathed with the fragrant nectar of her
youthful arousal, and her features were aglow with the fulfillment of her
longings.  Somehow he new that to her, he was her lover, not the middle-aged
overfed gentlemean that had offered her his home for the night.  Yet somehow he
was content in knowing that she had chosen him to fulfll her needs, and savored
the harmonious display of her youthful energies.  It wasn't until she appeared
fully spent that he allowed his seed to erupt into her belly, bringing one final
gasp from her as she collapsed onto him.  He kissed her gently on the forehead -
a kiss of fulfillment and peace.  She slept there silently, reminding him of
years gone by, and the contentment that was laid to rest with his departed wife. 
Silent tears slid down his cheeks of foregone memories, and a life he had tried
to forget. 

   The morning bounded forth in a dazzling array of brightness and fresh smells
as yesterdays storm faded into memory.  Harvey awoke alone.  Not surprisingly,
she had left him to silently deal with her memory, taking the time to 
straighten up the house before disappearing.  He eased himself from the
disheveled blankets still moist with the nectar of his nubile partner.  As he
sat on the edge of the bed, he tried to brush away the loneliness while reliving
the erotic memory that would surely never pass his way again.  After a time, he
sauntered into the kitchen to start his morning coffee and take his daily
regimen of pills.  Once complete, he turned towards the showers to wash away the
evidence of last nights fulfilled fantasy. 

   The day continued uneventfully, and Harvey even opted to make the usual
circuit through the park; pausing silently when he passed the bench and the BBQ
shelter just beyond.  The bench was now dry and inviting, but Harvey felt strong
enough to continue his journey through the kids and the playground and back
across the busy highway to his little home nestled in the suburbs.  When he
arrived, there was a large luxury sedan parked in his driveway with smoked
windows and gleaming chrome.  Half intimidated, and half scared he hurried up
his walkway and slammed the door behind him before the unwelcome visitors could
follow him.  His heavy breathing was eclipsed by the loud knock at the door.

   Slowly he opened it after securing the chain lock and peered into the largest
example of an ex-football player he had ever seen.  He spoke with an aire of
forceful authority;

   "Have you seen this woman?" he asked as he jabbed a picture of the beautiful
young creature into his face. 

   There comes a time in every mans life, when fear becomes the primary
motivational factor in his existence, and now was Harvey's time.  He shook his
head without making eye contact and closed the door. 

   Another forceful knock; and Harvey turned from the frightful scene and
stumbled down the hallway into his room where he locked the door and hid his
head under a pillow.  He could feel his heart racing dangerously, and envisioned
a multitude of serious consequences about to unfold.  Suddenly there was a
rapping on the glass of the opened bedroom window, and Harvey froze; accepting
his fate while begging the Creator for forgiveness.  It was a the voice of a
woman this time; clear and inquisitive, and he slowly rose to meet the amused
gaze of a lovely woman peering up to him.

   "Have you seen this girl recently?" she queried.

   "Yes ma'am, she spent the night here but I meant her no harm and I don't know
where she went to as she left this morning before I awakened and. . ." he
checked himself before he babbled any further.  Heaven knows,  he was probably
in over his head already.

   "Good," she responded, then turned to the football guy and said "We've found
him!" in a voice suggesting relief.  "Would you mind giving us a few moments of
your time?"

   "Uh, no," Harvey responded, "I'll get the door."  He slowly rose and unlocked
the door to his bedroom, pausing to ask himself if he was doing the right thing
before dismissing his fears and strolling up to the front door to open it for
this lovely visitor.  As he swung the door open, he could have sworn that every
one of his neighbors was watching him expectantly, especially when the frail
little angel that had given him the most wondrous night of his life emerged from
the car.  His heart sank as she walked up to him with even steps and gently
kissed him on his unshaven cheek.  Her smile was sweet and genuine, and Harvey
wondered if he had just encountered his Judas.

   "My daughter informed me that you cared for her yesterday.  We are extremely
grateful for your kindness and want to repay you for your efforts," she stated
as she held out a handwritten check for twenty five thousand dollars.

   Now most men would have taken the check, and most would have thought of it as
payment for services rendered, but Harvey could not, and he just shook his head
and turned away.

   "Do you require more?" she implored reaching into her purse to withdraw her
checkbook.

   "No, dear lady; please!" he mumbled, "What I did, I did for love."

   Something beneath the expensive designer apparel changed in that moment, and
her dark seasoned eyes met his for the first time in a gaze of both respect and
approval.  He reached his hand out to shake hers, and she grasped it with the
same gentleness of her daughter, and slowly walked into his home, appraising the
unique sights and smells of his history.  Soon she was seated in his over
stuffed chair with a cup of soothing tea in her hands, and they continued
sharing the experiences of their lifetimes long into the evening.   When she
parted, she kissed him gently on the forehead, and wiped an unwitting tear from
her eye.  It would prove to be the beginnings of a lifelong love.




						The Host

   As a young girl, Amber would often play in the tidal pools; toying with the
abundance of life there.  She was fortunate to live in the small town, where
competition was repressed by opportunity, and where the pace of life was
practical and not pressured.  Throughout her childhood she had learned to
respect nature and its many treasures; spending hours observing the cycles and
the frailties of life.  Some of her most joyful moments were spent
skinny-dipping among the swaying seaweed until one night, when her world
suddenly changed. 

   As she lay dozing, thinking about the next days history exam; she heard a faint
high-pitched squeal in the distance, gradually becoming more pronounced as it
drew closer.  She leapt from her bed, and grabbing her robe, darted out into the
hallway where her parents were waiting.  Swiftly they ran out into the front
room, where a magnificent view of the entire bay revealed nothing out of the
ordinary until, barely visible to the naked eye, a tiny multicolored light
splashed into the bay, leaving a spectacular geyser where it entered the water. 
Her Dad bolted to the phone, and was able to call the local authorities before
the lines went dead.  Grabbing Amber by the wrist, her Mother ran to the waters
edge where the object had entered some fifty meters offshore.  There was still a
faint glow that gradually lost its intensity and became dark as they watched.

   Soon some of the awakened neighbors joined the vigil, and small boats began to
appear in the area with spotlights and nets.  A police helicopter arrived on the
scene, and circled the area for the better part of an hour.  In the morning,
divers were dispatched and thoroughly combed the area in grids; but were unable
to find anything out of the ordinary.  For the next several weeks, reporters
with their photographers and scientists with a dazzling array of equipment came
and went; eventually classifying the sighting as a small astronomical fragment
that lay buried somewhere in the soft clay and seaweed at the bottom of the bay. 
Those who had witnessed the event claimed differently, but they were soon
dispelled as "gold diggers" by everyone except a few skeptics, who eventually
lost interest also and disappeared into the media jungle from whence they came. 

   It was unseasonably warm on that August afternoon, and Amber took advantage of
her early release from school to play in the bay.  Undressing in a dense growth
of underbrush, she slowly immersed herself completely in the cool water, feeling
it embrace every fold and opening of her skin.  It had been over a month since
the "night the sky fell," and most everything had returned to normal around the
small community.  A small stand selling "UFO" souvenirs, still stood in the town
square, but was virtually unnoticed by most everyone and was the last remaining
indication that anything unique had ever happened.  With her toes barely
touching the mushy bottom, she moved along the tall strands of seaweed, feeling
the gently touch of marine life that occasionally brushed past her legs. 
Working her way slowly towards her "favorite spot" she began to hum a simple
tune to herself, and daydream about the boy who sat next to her in history
class. 

   Stepping over the submerged log, she slowly turned and sat in the soft sand,
feeling her genitals become fully engulfed with the cool mud as she sank lower
into its embrace.  But something was different now, she began to sink far deeper
than she was accustomed, and soon felt her waist slide into the muck. 
Struggling now, Amber began to splash violently as her breasts became engulfed
and the water reached her chin.  Suddenly, her downward motion abruptly stopped,
and she could feel a pea-sized sphere enter her engulfed vagina. It was spinning
at such a  tremendous speed, it felt as if it burned when it moved past her
intact hymen and up into her womb.  Lodging itself in the moist fertile tissue,
it began to grow at a remarkable rate, quickly expanding through her fallopian
tubes and into the delicate tissues around her fertile ovaries.  Small tendrils
surged gently around her various organs to divide in her chest, where two surged
though the fat cells and milk ducts of her breasts to curl around the tiny nerve
endings of her nipples, and the other two began to twist around the beginning of
her spinal column, fully engulfing the base of her nerve stem with a gelatin
substance.  Meanwhile, other tendrils began to engulf the nerves surrounding her
vagina and the vast network that ran through the length of her vulva.

    It all happened so quickly that her mind was only able to respond to the
sensuality of the moment, and her body began to shudder from the first of a
continuing series of unsolicited orgasms.  Still confined, Amber trembled
violently as waves of erotic stimulation rolled through her body, gasping as
each passed through.  The invading organism knew just how and where to stimulate
her young body, sending tiny charges of electricity in concentric waves through
her budding breasts, across her firm tummy, through the sensitive lips of her
womanhood, then down her thighs and into her tiny feet.  Every pore was alive,
and she struggled for every breath amidst the continually barrage of sensual
input.  She could feel her mind becoming numb, as her hips began to spasm
uncontrollably and her breasts became painfully engorged.  With all the mental
strength she could muster, she focused purely on a point of light in the
distance, and tightened every muscle in her body instantaneously, releasing a
bone-jarring scream with the effort.  In an instant, she felt like herself
again. 

   With her faculties restored, she saw the sun was beginning to disappear into
the trees, leaving warm shades of yellow and red etched in the sky.  Knowing her
parents would be panic stricken, she half-rolled out of her muck that had
imprisoned her, and rinsed her body as she rose to her feet.  She felt different
somehow as she slipped back into the underbrush, and realized she had definitely
changed when her bra and panties would no longer fit over the curves of her
body.  Her breasts were much larger now, and her hips were round and firm where
they had once been slim and bony.  Strangely, her body was completely void of
hair also, accenting the fullness of her sex, and the graceful taper of her
legs.   Her attitudes had also changed, for as she passed two of her fellow
students on the way home - they appeared so young and immature to her.

   As she entered the front door, her anxious parents stared at her new figure,
unable to utter a word.  Amber apologized fervently and promised never to be
late again, but her parents both continued to stare.  Finally, frustrated with
her attempts, and somewhat curious of her parents response, she entered the
bathroom and closed the door where a full length mirror was attached.  Her mouth
dropped open immediately - no longer was she looking at the face and body of a
freshman, but rather at the figure of a full grown, and extremely voluptuous
woman.  It was most all she could bear, and she bolted into the security of her
room and locked the door.  With the blinds drawn, she sat in the darkness and
tried to comprehend what had happened and why, only to find more questions than
answers.  When she finally fell into a troubled sleep, she was bombarded with
erotic images she found both disgusting and exciting.  She awoke with rivulets
of sweat dripping from her forehead; her body trembling in panic, and a large
wet spot between her damp thighs.  Staring at the darkness with her rapid and
shallow breaths, she knew it was time to seek professional help.  After a few
moments of silent prayer, she stumbled to her parents door and collapsed.

   They were still awake, trying to asses her rapid maturation when they heard her
body hit the floor.  Her Father lifted her limp form over to the couch in the
front room while her badly shaken Mother phoned emergency services.  They
arrived directly, and within a few minutes she was under the scrutiny of the
best physician in the County.  Every imaginable test was given, and all
imaginable specimens were analyzed with the same outcome - she was a perfectly
normal young woman suffering from sleep deprivation.  A three day supply of
muscle relaxers were prescribed, and along with an injection of tranquilizers,
she was sent home to recover.  The next day, when her parents entered her room
with her breakfast neatly arranged on a serving tray, they found her make-up,
some of her clothes, and their only daughter missing; the window still open from
where she had slipped away.  They both sat on her neatly made bed and wondered,
knowing their only daughter may be fighting for her life.

   The bus made an unscheduled stop for Amber in the suburbs of the major seaport
when she advised the driver that her lunch was on the way up.  Stepping gingerly
from the final step on to the sidewalk, she tightly grasped her small handbag,
and turned to face the madness.  People were rushing around and about her,
making her feel more like a problem than a person.  She could feel their voices
silently screaming for understanding, and heard their frustration as they
hurried to save time.  The futility of their efforts were reflected in their
averted eyes, always searching without direction, and Amber became physically
ill from the chaos orchestrated in the unfamiliar sounds and odors.  She stepped
from the curb, but a careening cab put her back onto the raised pavement where
she collided with several other pedestrians.  Struggling to free herself from
their insane pace, she was pushed and on several occasions pinched until she
fell down a short flight of stairs into the lobby of a seedy hotel.  Regaining
the remnants of her composure, she reserved a single room, and hid within its
mildew and dust, until nightfall, when the fresh smell of rain awakened her. 

   Stepping into the moist night air, her senses were aroused by the entirely new
atmosphere of hot dogs and prostitutes.  She felt giddy, and began to explore
the new world with eager anticipation; sampling the wares of the various
vendors.  It was as she was savoring a hamburger smothered with fried onions
that she felt several pairs of arms tried to pull her into a recessed stairwell. 
She screamed, and bolted next to one of the vendors, whom offered her a
temporary respite, and eventually allowed her to assist.  By the end of the
evening, they had come to know one another quite well, and her assets had
provided more customers than he had ever served in a single evening before.  As
Amber returned to her room for a much needed rest, she was approached by two
dark figures who tried to wrestle her into a parked car.  Her screams brought
several nearby officers to her rescue, and in the ensuing confusion, she ran
across the street to a parked bus.  She rode the bus until the driver advised
her it was the end of the line, and she disembarked at a small rural crossroads
surrounded by two story houses and barking dogs. 

   Without a dime and much of a hope, she found a reasonably comfortable site
beneath a towering pine, and began to doze with a slight burning sensation in
her vagina.  Several hours later she awoke with the pain far more pronounced and
attempted to walk towards the dimly lit street, but her legs failed her and she
crumpled on to the wet grass.  He appeared to be an angel as he peered into her 
eyes, and she was convinced that she was in heaven until his terrier broke
loose, and bathed her face with its tongue.  Instantly aware of her crises, he
deftly lifted her and carried her to the family residence where a kindly woman
quickly tended to Ambers' appetite and tired limbs with a hot bath and a warm,
generous meal.  For the first time in 48-hours, Amber felt secure enough to
sleep soundly in the guest room where the wire-haired family mascot soon joined
her.

   Shortly after three in the morning, she was awakened by the vaginal pain,
intense enough to impair her breathing and blur her vision.  The angel that had
previously rescued her was at her side, gently caressing her cool face.  She
reached up and gently yet firmly pulled his well toned body to her chest,
feeling her breasts swell with new life.  Her legs lifted around his body, and
their lips met in a tentative kiss.  Before he could respond to her overt
embrace, she rolled on top of his clothed body, and began to grind her hips into
his thigh in rough circular motions.  With her free hand she opened the front of
her sleeping gown, and pulled his hand to her engorged nipple with enough
pressure to flatten the creamy mound firmly against her heaving chest.  Her
other hand reached into his pajamas, and found the gristle of his glans,
becoming enlarged with her gentle pinches.  As he became aroused, she could feel
the hairy shaft began to throb, and she grasped it firmly for support as she
intensified the pressure against her womanhood.  As her instincts replaced
conscious thought, she moved slightly down his body, and pulled the cotton
panties away from the moist opening of her womanhood, allowing his manhood to
ease into the silky fold.  The erotic pressure of his glans against her
maidenhead brought her immediate release and an abrupt end to the vaginal pain. 
She held him tightly in a silent gesture of relief as he lay under her warm
body, overwhelmed by both her sensuality and virginity.

   The next day, he had vanished into the city, and, after heartfelt thanks and
promises, she caught the bus and headed back towards the ocean.  In the guest
room, she left behind a slip of paper with her address, tucked neatly between
the pillows.  As the bus approached the transfer depot, she could feel someones
eyes on her neck, sending chills down her spine.  Once the door opened, she
hurriedly escaped and worked through the crowd towards the restrooms aware that
she was still being followed.  Just as she reached the door, his arm crossed the
doorway forcing her to step backwards.  Using only one and two syllable words,
he identified himself as a local law enforcement agent, and pointed to a picture
on the nearby wall with her face under the 'Have You Seen. . .' headline.  With
hardly an afterthought, she moved with him towards the awaiting car, and within
a few minutes, she was tearfully reunited with her beloved parents.  Vowing
never to run away again, she shared everything she could remember about her
adventures and fears, and how she was finally accepting her new body.  She
intentionally omitted certain  elements, knowing that her folks would eventually
resolve the loose ends for themselves.  Now late in the evening, they embraced
with the warmth of her homecoming, and dismissed themselves for some much needed
rest. 

   It was waiting for her with glowing eyes and a shadowy countenance.  He had
been alerted to her whereabouts by carefully monitoring the scanner, and knew
she would eventually return to the origin of her maturity without needing her
address.  As she undressed, Amber somehow  knew that tonight would be different,
and she climbed under her blankets with her senses alive with anticipation.  He
came to her silently, and caressed the rounded form of her flowering femininity. 
She started briefly then relaxed, allowing the gentle stranger complete freedom
to her assets.  With the experiences from a thousand centuries and ten thousand
different partners, his fingers gently roamed the fairyland of her sexuality;
exploring every nerve ending in her pristine complexion.  His hands gently
parted her gown, tracing gentle lines down her long slender neck across her
heaving chest to the soft protrusions of her ribs, down her soft torso, then
back across here trembling abdomen and across her thighs and finally down to her
frail ankles and delicate feet.  Aroused beyond her wildest dreams she struggled
to keep her arms to her sides, and her hips firmly on the bed. 

   Sensing her heightened condition, he positioned himself over her, and began to
taste the tiny drops forming on her forehead, then began to passionately kiss
her eyelids, high cheekbones, tiny upturned nose, and rich full lips.  His
tongue traced the lines of her jaw and the blood vessels that became apparent as
her neck reddened in arousal.  Continuing to taste the sweet liquid she was now
bathed in, his tongue moved across her chest to the dark red nipples crowning
her firm breasts, deliberately moving between them slowly as the remainder of
her body began to slowly undulate.  Slowly moving his fingertips to the fully
erect nipples, he began to slowly draw concentric circles about their hardness,
feeling the tiny bumps stiffen with anticipation.  His tongue moved to her
trembling tummy, exploring her tiny navel and abdomen before moving across to
where her hip bones protruded, savoring the smooth valleys and ridges formed by
the firm muscles hidden beneath.  Exploring the firmness of her thighs with his
lips, he slid his hands from her two perfect mounds down to her hips and gently
kneaded her buttocks.  His mouth continued its descent across the small hills of
her knees and ankles to pause on her delicate toes, sampling each one separately
before beginning his ascent back to the treasures of her virginity.

   With her senses now fully alive, and her body unconsciously undulating beneath
his gentle administration, she reached for his long, dark hair, and gently
guided his probing tongue towards her vulva, now a deep red in anticipation of
his arrival.  The first gentle kiss to her clitoris brought spasms throughout
her entire being, and she began to moan with desire as he moved his tongue
around its base with firm circular motions.  With total surrender, she allowed
her hands to go limp and fall to her sides, as he began to taste every pore and
follicle of he flowering sexuality, gently moving his probing tongue in tight
circular motions from cleft of her engorged clitoris to the pucker of her anal
ridge with gradually increasing intensity.    Unable to control the passion he
had aroused, she pulled his body up onto hers, and felt between his legs,
finding the smooth warm organ now destined to penetrate her virginity and help
her to finally attain self-actualization.  Guiding the firmly erect glans past
the wet engorged flower of her womanhood, she brought her hands around to his
firm buttocks, gently easing his manhood closer to her virginity by raising her
hips to meet his.  Allowing her to guide his penetration, he supported his
weight on his arms and knees, watching the expressions of her face reflect the
sensations she was experiencing, and listening to the deepening intensity of her
moans.   

   With the tip of his manhood gently nudged against her hymen, he waited until
she was fully relaxed before applying gentle yet firm pressure with his hips,
feeling the skin tear across his glans and move into her warm canal.  Her eyes
snapped open, and her chest rapidly expanded from the breath she drew in to
counter the pain.  Reaching up, she clawed at his back, partly in pain, but
mostly with passion, as his throbbing organ completely invaded her fertile
vagina and their pubic bones met for the first time, sending ripples of pleasure
through their receptive bodies.  He drew her undulating form tightly to his
muscular chest, flattening her silky breast obscenely and awakening the organism
that had embedded itself within Ambers' neurological structure.  Small burst of
energy appeared between their entwined  bodies and gradually intensified until
the entire room was aglow with brilliant light.   Her parents rushed in to
witness the spectacle of their two bodies becoming brilliant forms of pure
energy, spinning rapidly into a large sphere and floating gracefully into midair
before gradually losing intensity and returning back into the form of two
distinct individuals; one of them being their beloved daughter.  The second form
briefly flared with unspent energy, then disappeared completely. 

   Amber awoke in the arms of her concerned parents, and embraced them for an
eternity.  Then, driven by instinct, she walked back to the bay , and without
removing her clothing, walked calmly into its cool embrace, the warm essence of
her lover still flowing down the inside of her thighs.  As her parents observed
from a distance, they watched her disappear into the waters' edge and be seated
among some dense underbrush with only her head above the glassy surface.  A
small, rapidly spinning spherical object with a bright multi-colored light
emerged from between her open legs, and after hovering above her for a few
moments, darted off towards the stars and its home among the cosmic winds. 
Received and exhausted, Amber joined her amazed parents, and they slowly walked
back to the house together without a word spoken.  As they reached the porch,
they were greeted by a scruffy wire-haired terrier that immediately ran to
Amber, and has been her constant companion ever since.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





