BDSM Library - Such a Good Girl




Such a Good Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a violently sadistic story about a man who holds a girl in thrall to him. It is not for the faint of heart.
Such a Good Girl
by Ms. Which
Comments to: mswhich@hotmail.com

I like pretty girls.

Actually, that's not entirely true. I like girls, period. Especially young ones.
Bright eyes, curvy hips, and the knowledge that they are young, and in control
of the world. I like that attitude. I like changing it.

Some men are content with their fantasies. I would venture to say that some men
live their entire lives without realizing one single erotic desire. Just fucking
their cow-like wives until they have a joyless orgasm, maybe once a month if
they're lucky. Not me. I've never been content to just dream. I'm a man of
action.

I guess that in some ways you could say I'm a slave to my cock. I follow its
desires, even when they are somewhat inappropriate. Or illegal. I don't know
many other men who have three orgasms a day at the age of 42, though. So it all
works out in the end.

I am a high school teacher. Through the years I've had Melissa, Janet, Becky,
Victoria, and Martha. I teach freshman-level English. I prefer it that way. This
way, I get a girl when she's 14 and keep her until she's 18. It saves me a lot
of trouble, that way. I usually spend at least two months teaching her how to
properly suck my cock. You can say what you will about the declining morals of
today's youth; these girls, at least, are innocent of sex. It thrills me, but it
creates work for me as well. For they must be taught.

I've had Martha for three years now. She's becoming quite the expert cocksucker.
I'll hate to lose her next year when she graduates. But I've already got my eye
on a few of the eighth-graders. Of course, it's hard for me to think about that
when Martha's talented mouth is working on my cock. She's under my desk right
now. She used to resist when I wanted her to suck me off at school. But she has
been taught better.

Martha's never quite been able to lose her gag reflex. I insist, however, that
she deep-throat me. There's nothing quite like the feeling. It excites me,
feeling her throat muscles spasm on my cock and hearing her gag. The sound of
her gagging usually makes me want to shove my cock into her throat even deeper.
And I do. She used to fight me. It was lovely; her hair swinging back and forth
and her hands pounding fruitlessly against my thighs. For the first couple of
months, I had to make her wear a ring gag so that she wouldn't bite down. It's
made of rubber and fits over her teeth perfectly. It held her mouth open in a
perfect O, and so it was impossible for Martha to bite down, or swallow
properly, for that matter. Of course she still fought me, but I'm stronger than
her. When she became too incalcitrant, I'd shove my cock into her throat until
she could no longer breathe. Her frantic spasms and struggles were usually
enough to bring me to orgasm.

It was a lovely sight, watching Martha cough and choke for the next several
minutes. She soon learned, though, and I was deprived of watching her struggle.
She became quite an agreeable little cocksucker after a month of the ring gag.
She doesn't even fight me anymore when I wrap my fingers through her hair and
pull her tight down onto my erection. It must cause her great discomfort; I've
seen tears of pain spring to her eyes. And she gags and gags; it's a reflex
beyond her control and so I don't punish her for it. But she no longer fights
me. When I tell her I'd like my cock sucked, she drops to her knees and
instantly begins to use that lovely sweet mouth on me.

I told her that she was to suck my cock until I was finished writing this
account, but that by no means was she to bring me close to orgasm. I'll probably
be here for two or three hours. Sweet Martha's jaw will be so tired. I'll make
her suck it in the car on the way home, as well. And under the table as I eat.
And while I'm watching the evening news. And as I grade my tests. Tonight I
think I will allow her to bring me to orgasm twice with her mouth. She'd like to
swallow more of my cum; this week I am permitting her to ingest only water and
cum. It's Wednesday and poor Martha is getting so hungry. She licks and sucks at
my cock every chance she gets. But I have been exercising admirable restraint
this week. I like feeling Martha's hungry mouth trying to get me to cum. I like
her moans of frustration.

I chose Martha very carefully from all the girls in her freshman class. Her
parents were separated, and her father had moved six states away. They were no
longer in contact. Her mother was an alcoholic and spent half her time in prison
and the other half in detox. Martha was a bright girl and took care of herself
for the most part. It wasn't difficult convincing the child welfare people to
allow me to become her sole caretaker. It never is.

The first month was the most difficult. Martha was most incalcitrant. She was a
virgin, and threatened to run away, to kill me, to report me to the police. . .
all sorts of empty threats. I was forced to remind her that she had nowhere to
go, and that if she left my home, it would be back to her alcoholic mother. I
was willing to pay for Martha's schooling in college. Her mother, clearly, could
not make the same promise. And so that sharp sarcastic mouth went to work for my
cock.

What I enjoy the most is having her suck my cock while I eat. I have Martha time
it so that just as the last swallow of food enters my mouth, I cum into her
mouth. It has a nice duality about it. Sometimes, like this week, I don't allow
her to eat. Martha's lost about ten pounds since she entered my care. I prefer a
more rounded look, but I find it incredibly erotic to allow her to eat only my
cum. I can't give that up.

Of course, Martha does more than simply suck my cock. She's got many talents,
most of which were taught to her by me. She wasn't always so talented, of
course. The first time I fucked her, I thought she would wake the dead with her
screams. I'd tied her to the bed naked. At first I just admired this beauty I'd
captured, defiant and terrified all at once, squirming and straining against her
bonds.

It was incredible.

I could have fucked her right then, but I wanted to prolong the moment. I took
the opportunity to discover whether or not dear Martha was at all ticklish. As
it turned out, she was. Very ticklish. Painfully ticklish, in fact. When I
brought out the feather, she turned a sickly pale white. Feet, knees, elbows,
breasts, sides, hips, thighs, calves, neck, underarms, belly. . . no part of her
escaped my white fluffy feather, now become an instrument of torture.

She screamed and screamed. It was so nice. She twisted and strained in her ropes
so much that I was afraid she would cause her wrists and ankles to bleed.

After I stopped, she was still catching her breath, flushed bright red, when I
entered her. I couldn't resist any longer. Beautiful Martha. Fucking her was
just as good as I'd hoped it would be. She moaned and screamed so well. I
couldn't have asked for anything better. I took my pleasure in her body for
better than an hour. At the end, when I spurted inside her, she wailed miserably
at the same time I shouted in pleasure. Another nice duality.

I'm going to have to punish Martha tonight. I think she's about to disobey me. I
told her.. not to bring me to orgasm.. but she's bobbing her head up and down so
expertly.. I..

Jesus.

She will certainly be punished tonight. Punished well. I suppose I can't blame
her, though. She's starved. And I cum in great quantities. She's sucking me
again already. Such a good girl.

My favorite punishment is suspending her by her neck from the ceiling, so that
she can stand only on the barest tips of her toes. Then I lick her clit and
listen to her beg. She begs me to stop. She knows what will happen if she cums.
But I have an experienced mouth, and she has a very sensitive clit. So she tries
and tries to hold back orgasm, but it usually only takes half an hour at the
most. I lick her until she cums, and when Martha cums she bucks her hips
violently. Which lifts her feet from the floor. Which puts weight on the rope
around her neck. Which tightens. And so sweet Martha is hanging from the
ceiling, choking, turning bright red. I kiss her all over her belly and thighs
and nipples while her hands claw at the noose around her neck. It's so nice
feeling the ripples of her struggles under my lips.

Martha can usually manage to maintain consciousness for at least twenty minutes.
After I finish kissing her, I usually just lie back and stroke my own cock while
I watch her struggle for air. It's so erotic. She's struggling desperately,
pleading with her eyes for me to come help her. But I never cut her down until
she faints. And I always cum before that. I stroke myself to orgasm while dear
Martha is strangling in front of me.

The rope burns are hard to hide. Martha always has to wear turtlenecks for a few
days to school. I don't mind it. Martha looks good in high collars. In fact,
she's wearing one right now, although I didn't punish her last night. She's
deep-throating me again. I can hear her gags.

Of course, not every day with Martha involves punishment. Often we just spend
the day fucking. If I cum less than three times in a day, something is wrong.
Martha wakes me up in the morning by sucking my cock, which continues into
breakfast. I fuck her on the table or on the kitchen floor before I leave.
Sometimes I have her go underneath my desk and suck my cock while I'm at school.
Once we fucked in the girls' restroom during third period. Then at home after
school. . . it's a wonder either of us ever gets any work done.

For all of Martha's complaining and begging me to stop, she really does enjoy
being fucked. She doesn't cum as often as I do (often because I forbid her to
cum), but she usually has at least one orgasm a day. Of course, she would always
rather me fuck her than suck my cock or be punished. But I need my erotic
pleasures. And Martha is so very, very good at providing them. Whether she likes
it or not.

She's moaning now. I just flipped on the remote-control vibrator inside her. It
doesn't touch her clitoris, so she won't cum. And she's forbidden to touch
herself. She's making all sorts of lovely sounds now. And sucking my cock so
hungrily. So very hungrily. I think poor Martha has forgotten herself again.
It's only been 45 minutes since my last orgasm. I can feel another building. My
thighs feel so tight.. my fingers are going numb.. Martha is going to be
punished most severely this evening. Oh Martha sweet Martha

My God. It's going to be difficult to let her go next year.

She's got cum dribbling down her chin now. Such a good girl.

She wants to go home now. I told her to continue to suck my cock before her
punishment worsens exponentially. She knows better than to disobey.

Sometimes when Martha has warranted a punishment, I just spend the evening
spanking her. No paddles, just my bare hand. I have her lie across my lap while
I put the radio on or watch TV. I can spank her for hours. Usually after an hour
or so I have to tie her hands together to prevent her from trying to cover her
ass. After two hours she's crying and begging me so loudly that if I want to
continue to watch TV or listen to music I have to gag her. After five hours she
is hysterical.

I like her that way. She's a better fuck when she's hyperventilating.

I often make Martha ride me in bondage. That is, I wrap her in rope from her
hips to her neck, so that only her nipples are peeking out. I clamp little
weights onto her nipples, gag her and blindfold her soundly, and insert
earplugs. Then I make her ride my cock. The only thing she can feel is my cock
thrusting in her, and the pain of the weights dangling on her nipples. If I'm
feeling generous, I'll rub her clitoris with a finger while she rides me. When I
do this, she usually has two or three orgasms before I cum. It's exciting to
watch; she wants to lose control, bucking and twisting, but she can't due to the
ropes, and she wants to stay as still as possible anyway to keep the nipple
weights from swaying to and fro.

My sweet Martha.

I just turned the vibrator up a notch. I like keeping her frustrated. She's
whimpering.

One of my favorite things to do is take Martha out to dinner with the remote
vibrator inside her. I activate it constantly, at random intervals. Once, when
we were traveling on vacation ( I always take Martha on vacation with me), I
turned it up to its highest frequency, and she sank to her knees and began
writhing on the floor, in front of a very startled waiter.

Vacations with Martha are always so exciting. For me, at least. I get to watch
my highly-trained little whore fuck everything in sight. Last year, the first
night at the hotel, I made her fuck the bellboy as a tip. I told her that if she
did not appear to enjoy it, I would punish her. Although I don't think enjoying
it was a problem for Martha. The bellboy had a long cock, and Martha came twice.

I also passed out a business card to every attractive boy who gave Martha a
glance. That night, about six of them showed up to the rented condo. I made her
take three of them at once. One fucking her mouth, one in her ass, and the other
fucking sweet Martha's pussy. Her eyes were wide and glazed and her breathing
was shallow. It was beautiful.

Later, I had Martha suck all their cocks. She swallowed so much cum that night.
I was proud of her. Such a good girl.

Martha is groaning loudly now. It's sending shivers down my cock. She's got me
so deep in her throat that I can feel it when she moans. She wants to cum badly.
I think that will be part of her punishment tonight. I'll tease her until she
nearly loses her mind. Martha hates that. I lick her clit and suck at it until
she's near orgasm, and then I spank her again for awhile. I can do it for hours
and hours. Yes. That will be her punishment tonight.

I've often contemplated, as added punishment, allowing one of the boys from
school to come home and administer a spanking, fucking her afterward. For it to
be real punishment, it would have to be one of the spindly-looking bookish boys.
One that gets turned down by girls on a regular basis. One that fantasizes every
night and wakes up every morning in encrusted sheets. I've yet to find the
proper boy. It has to be someone we can trust. Martha will hate it. She'll have
to see him every day in class and know that he knows what she is. He'll have the
power of knowing that his cock was inside her body, controlling her. I like that
idea.

I think it's time to take Martha home. It's going to be a long night for her,
and ever since I turned the vibrator on, her cocksucking has become noticeably
less enthusastic. Her mind is preoccupied with the sensations coming from
between her legs. Yet another thing to punish her for.

She just took her mouth away from my cock so reluctantly.

Such a good girl.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ms. Which


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





