BDSM Library - Sons Get Even




Sons Get Even
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The wife got punishment from her husband when she disobeyed his order. Now her sons wanted to get their shares.
                 SONS GET EVEN

I was the local scandal when I got knocked up at fifteen. My dad threatened to
have Mike arrested since he was twenty but we convinced him we loved each other
and wanted to get married so he reluctantly consented since Mike had rich
parents who said they would support us until Mike got out of law school.

Since I was married now I felt no reason to waste my time finishing high school
and settled down as a housewife and Mom. Shortly after having Bob I became
pregnant again with Ted but maybe they were too close together because after him
I never got pregnant again.

My Dad did me a real disservice. He told Mike I was unruly and had to be spanked
ocassionally. To my total humiliation he even showed him how it should be done.
He had me bend over the dining room table and pulled my jeans down to my knees
then made me blush by saying, "She has the perfect butt for spanking. Round and
well muscled to be able to take a good hard spanking with the paddle. I'll show
you."

I protested that I hadn't done anything wrong to get a spanking but he said,
"Getting pregnant proves you are a slut and sluts need spanking. Now slowly
count to twenty."

At each count my butt exploded in pain as I jerked forward and yelped but I got
no sympathy as I moaned the next number as soon as I could get my breath. When
he finally finished my ass was burning and stinging and to add to my humiliation
Dad said, "I did a good job. you can see the red glowing through the panties and
her panties have tightened indicating the swelling. Feel it and see how hot it
is."

That was a mixed blessing I hated the fact he enjoyed rubbing my poor butt and
at the same time appreciated the fact his rub seemed to lessen the sting.

Dad gave him the paddle I had hated all my life and he had me hold it all the
way back to his apartment. When we got there he could hardly wait to get me
naked and lying face down on the bed so he could rub it some more and say, "Poor
baby your buns must really hurt. I'll make them well."  He kissed every inch of
them which really excited me and I thought the spanking was almost worth it to
get this feeling. Then we made love twice in a row. More than he had ever done
before.

From then on I barely made it for a week without a spanking. Usually they were
not as hard for minor offences like not making the bed or washing the dishes.The
really bad thing was that when I deserved a spanking I would get it right then
even if my parents or his friends were in the house which was terribly
humiiating especially now that he had changed things a little by making me take
off my pants or skirt entirely then making me say, "I have been bad. Please
spank me."

I made the mistake of telling him the humiliation of having others see me get
spanked was nearly as bad as the spanking. From then on there was always an
audience if no-one else was around he would let my sons watch. They either
didn't know how much it hurt or didn't care because they would just stare and
giggle during my ordeal.

As they got older they became more curious and would often barge into my bedroom
when I was changing or into my bathroom while I was bathing. I scolded them and
told Mike they were little perverts but he just said, "It is normal for boys to
be curious."

When they were six they began to find out how I felt because Mike began to spank
them. It was different though because he took them to their bedroom for their
spankings so they did not have the humiliation of an audience and also I thought
it was unfair because he did all the spanking even when they had done something
to me.

When Bob was eleven he told Mike that since it embarrassed me to take off my
jeans it would be even more embarrassing if I took off my blouse too. I
protested but my protests just convinced Mike it was a good idea.

From then on I had the humiliation of stripping down to pants and bra while they
stared and giggled. They liked it best when I was fully dressed in
blouse,skirt,slip and panty hose to make the strip tease longer. Even though my
panties and bra hid my private parts it was still terrible.

Then the next Christmas when I opened my present from the boys I was shocked to
see a tiny see through bra and thong panties barely big enough to hide my pussy
lips. I said, "These are obscene. I will never wear them."

Mike said, "Shame on you. You should appreciate their nice present. It probably
cost them two weeks allowance."

Bob said,"Yeah Dad plus all our lawnmowing money."

Mike said, "You see.It was a very generous gift. Why don't you model them for
us?"

"You have to be kidding! I would be practically naked!"

"Just do it."

"No! Never! That is too much."

Mike frowned and said, "You know the penalty for saying No to me."

I knew only too well it was a twenty swat spanking. I quickly said, "Okay if it
is so damned important to you."

I went to the bathroom to put them on not about to let them see me change in
front of them. When I had them on I blushed to my toes. You could clearly see my
nipples through the thin white material and the bottom was so small my pussy
hair stuck out all around the edges. The hair made it look even more obscene so
I got his electric razor with the moustache trimmer and cut off all the hair
that showed around it. I tried to adjust the panties but if I loosened them on
my crotch you could see under the edges and if I tightened them you could see a
perfect outline of my pussy lips. I settled for tight with a sob at the loss of
my cotton bra and panties that hid me as well as a bathing suit. I didn't have
the nerve to look at my butt which I knew was totally bare.

I put on my bathrobe and went out saying plaintively, "Are you sure you want me
to model these. I may as well be naked."

"Yes and if you keep stalling you will be naked."

I looked with hate at my boys who were staring and giggling in rapt attention.

I started to open my robe but Mike said, "Make it interesting. Just let it slide
off your shoulders and slowly down your body."

I blushed as I did it realizing I looked like the strippers Mike liked to watch
on HBO.I let it slowly slide to my waist and looked down to see that my nipples
had hardened and were pushing out the material.I let it slide lower stalling as
long as possible but they just seemed to like that, staring avidly as my crotch
came in to view where I let the robe fall to the floor.

The boys giggled and then applauded to make me feel even more like the strippers
I had always thought were really twisted.

The humiliation was not over he made me turn so they could see all of me then
had me bend over and waggle my shoulders. The bra provided no support so my
breasts swayed causing more applause to make me blush anew.

Then he had me do some aerobic exercises which had never been sexy at all in
sweat clothes but now seeemed totally obscene.

Finally he said, "It is time for you to pay the penalty for your refusal."

I panicked I had no idea what the paddle would feel like on my bare buns but I
knew it would be even worse.

"I cried, "Please don't do that. I am sorry. I'll never say No to you again."

"If you stall it will be worse."

I sobbed then went to the table and gripped the edges tightly with my hands
knowing if I let go I would get an extra swat.

He said, "I will give you a break. You may count to twenty between swats to let
the sting die dowm."

That was no break at all. It would just make my ordeal last longer and my butt
would not be allowed to get numb.

At "One" he hit across both cheeks to cause an incredible sting that made me
jerk forward.

Bob yelled, "Wow Dad. That made her boobies jump." Ted just laughed and clapped
his hands.

I looked at them in hate through tear filled eyes then Mike reminded me to
count. Counting to twenty was awful since each count brought me closer to the
next swat.The sting was just beginning to subside when I had to say "Two" which
brought a swat lower on my butt to hurt even more and make me do a dance of pain
which brought more applause from the boys.

It continued on as pain enveloped me to the point I was just gasping the count.
My only consolation was knowing Mike would pamper me afterwards.

Finally it was over and I was so weak Mike carried me to bed and then rubbed
soothing oils on my butt and kissed it until we were both ready to make love. He
even let me be on top so my butt would not be pressed into the bed.

He liked the trimmed hair on my pussy so much he got the razor and cut off all
the rest of my hair. When he was done he kissed and licked my pussy which he had
never done before and it felt wonderful. Now I knew how it felt when I licked
and sucked his cock.

He pampered me even more by buying me a car.It was second hand but still real
nice and I was thrilled to have my very own car.

When I kissed him in gratitude he went into our bedroom and came back carrying
all my bra's and panties which he threw in the fireplace and said, "Your first
use of the car will be to go to town and buy the sexiest bras and panties you
can find."

He gave me a hundred dollar bill and I went to J.C.Penney where I had always
bought my underthings but they only had a few pairs of thongs. When I asked the
salesgirl if there were anymore she told me that I should go to another store
for more choices. I went to the store she had told me about and it turned out to
be a sex store. I was really embarrassed about being seen going in there so
stayed in the car until no-one was around.

I had never been in a sex store before and blushed constantly as I saw not only
very sexy lingerie but also, dildos,things for bondage, and a big collection of
whips and straps and paddles. I blushed and asked the salesgirl if anyone
actually bought that stuff and she said, "Oh yes. There are a lot of us who like
a little S&M."

I couldn't imagine that. To me spanking was just punishment but she went on,
"Spanking and whipping does not have to hurt bad just enough to make you
excited."

I remembered the light birthday spankings and that they had been totally
different so she might be right but I was not likely to find out. I bought just
short of the hundred dollars worth of the tiniest and most transparent things
she had.

I left blushing at the thought I may have to model them but at the same time the
thought caused some excitement. I found myself fantasizing about modeling in
front of hundreds of howling men.

end part one




               SONS GET EVEN 2

On the way home I was anxious to show Mike my purchases remembering our last
conversation. I had said, "The things I buy will just be for you to see right?"

He answered, "Sure Honey." but there was a note of sarcasm. I decided he meant
it as long as I didn't have to be punished and decided to be extra good for him.

I felt a little guilty though because there had been some panties no more
revealing than the ones the boys had bought but I bought the ones that were just
G-strings with a tiny triangle that barely covered my now hairless pussy. Losing
the hair made me especially naked and even more like the strippers I thought
were total sluts. The bras were no better since they only covered the nipples
and I blushed knowing how my breasts would bob and swing to delight those rotten
boys.

To my delight Mike had me join him in the bedroom to model them for him much to
the disgust and jealousy of the boys. I modeled them all for him including poses
that were so obscene I would never have imagined doing them before we were
married.

He was really happy with my choices and I decided to really make him happy by
doing the thing he had forced me to do shortly after we had married that had
been so humiliating I had cried all through it.

I went to the other end of the room and took off the bra and G-string then
crawled to him dragging my nipples on the scratchy carpet making them very hard.
When I got to him I took off his shoes and socks then kissed his feet finishing
by licking and sucking on each of his toes. then I got on my knees and took off
his pants and shorts then licked and kissed his inner thighs until my lips were
at his balls. I licked and kissed them moving them around in his scrotum with my
tongue. I kissed the shaft of his dick and then licked the head finally putting
the head of his now very hard dick in my mouth. I ran my tongue around the head
tasting his slightly salty pre-cum then took it into my mouth and began bobbing
my head as I licked and sucked while he strained and moaned.I took as much as I
could in my mouth until it made me gag.Suddenly he grabbed my head and jerked me
into him driving his dick into my throat.I panicked because I couldn't breathe
but fortunately in seconds his dick began to pulse in my mouth and I felt his
cum shoot down my throat.

He was really pleased and licked my pussy saying that he didn't mind doing that
now since there was no hair to make him gag. God if I had known that I would
have shaved it on my honeymoon.

The next day the boys pestered me all day begging for a peek at my new panties
but I told them they were perverts and would never see them unless I had to be
punished and that I was not going to do anything that deserved punishment. I
gloated saying Mike was very happy with me and would not hurt me unless I did
something really bad.

They whined and said they had seen me before but I said,"You boys are sick to
want to see your mother naked and I would be sick to show you unless I was
forced into it which is not going to happen."

When Mike came home he said, "You have been so good I have brought you another
present."

He reached into a sack he was carrying and brought out a leather strap about
eighteen inches long and two inches wide with a plastic handle shaped like a
dick. His dick! It was about eight inches long and just as thick as his.

I looked at it and shuddered then said,"That is a present? It looks like it
would really hurt."

"Oh sure it will sting a lot but it won't bruise you like the paddle. From now
on the paddle will just be used on the boys. What do you say?"

I knew the response he expected and said, "Thank you Mike. I love you for not
wanting me to hurt so much."

He said, "There is more.I bought some Neatsfoot oil you can rub on it to make it
softer for you."

I thanked him not realizing the oil would make it heavier and more flexible so
every inch of it could contact my skin.

I poured some oil in my palm and held the handle in my left hand while I slid my
palm down the leather. I blushed when Bob said, "Is that the way she holds yur
dick, Dad."

Thankfully Mike said, "That is none of your business."

Then Mike said,"You aren't doing that right. Sit down on this chair, pull up
your skirt and lay it down on your thigh so you can rub the whole length."

He put a dining room chair in the middle of the room which brought back memories
of the many over the knee spankings I had received while he sat on it.

I pulled up my skirt to about mid thigh but he said,"Higher.you need to be able
to lay out the whole length."

It was so long I had to pull my skirt clear up to my crotch then sit on it to
hold it up while the fake dick was nearly touching my barely covered pussy.

Naturally the boys got off the couch where they had been watching TV and sat on
the floor directly in front of me.

I clenched my thighs together to hide myself and whined,"The boys are watching,
make them go to their room."

"No. It is normal for them to be curious. Open your legs so you can get the
edges of the strap."

I knew better than to argue so I opened them thankful I was wearing a red satin
G-string that would hide my slit although much of my lips would show.

I know it is weird but preparing the strap which would torture me turned me on.
The oily warm leather rubbing my thigh along with  the occassional accidental
brush of the head of the handle on my pussy soon had me breathing hard.

I guess it excited Mike too because after I had turned it over a few times to
rub the other side he said, "Let's go to bed."

We made glorious love with something new. He had me get on top and while I
raised and lowered myself and twisted he rubbed the strap on my butt and tummy
and breasts which really added to my excitement.

After a wonderful orgasm he said."This strap is versatile. with that heavy
paddle you could only be spanked on your butt and the fleshiest part of your
thighs. This strap can be used on your back, butt, inner thighs and even on your
tummy and breasts. Would you like to try it?"

"Oh God. No. That would hurt awfully and I haven't done anything wrong."

"I promise I won't hit hard.I just want to test it to see which parts are
especially sensitive. Make me happy."

"You promise you won't hit hard?"

"Yes. Will you do it even though you have not done anything bad?"

"I guess so if it will make you happy. How many lashes do I have to take?"

"I think four on your back, four on your butt, four on your thighs, four on your
tummy and four on your breasts."

"Oh God that will hurt! Will you stop if it is too much?

"Yes if an area hurts too much I will move on to the next area."

"Okay. Should I lie on the bed?"

"No I think I would like you standing with your hands on your head. You don't
have to count. I will determine the cadence."

I got into position and he began hitting my back making a subdued smacking sound
which stung a little but not bad.Then he did my butt no harder and believe it or
not the stings were kind of pleasant. Then he stepped in front of me to strap my
inner thighs really close to my pussy. That stung a lot more but it was not
unbearable and I suddenly remembered my conversation with the girl in the sex
shop. I saw what she meant. The stings were exciting me.Then he did my tummy
which did not sting as much and was more exciting as the stings went across my
pubic bone so close to my clit. Then he did my boobs which made them jump and
stung more but the worst was the one across my left nipple. I yelped and he
said, Should I stop?' But by then I was so turned on I was panting and sweating
and said, "I can take one more."

He hit the other nipple and I almost came in spite of the pain. I stood there
shuddering in excitement when he said, "There is another place. Should I?"

I knew he meant my pussy and although my brain said no my body craved the
ultimate and I moaned, "Yes."

I opened my legs a little and he gave me two on each lip with only a slight
delay. I came! No not just came. An orgasm like a thunderbolt that forced me to
my knees.

He picked me up and put me in bed and watched my shuddering pulsating body as I
dug at my pussy to continue the orgasms.Finally I was exhausted and he said with
an evil smile, "I knew you would like that."

That was probably the understatement of the year but my response surprised him.
I began to cry and sobbed out,"Oh that was awful and I loved it. I feel so
guilty I must be the most perverted person on earth.I should be put in a mental
institution."

He began to caress me but that would not console me and I continued to sob
hysterically.

He said, "You should not feel bad. you were not hurt badly just stimulated.Many
women would have become excited by all that stimulation to all their erogenous
zones."

I sobbed, "I doubt that."

"No it is true. Just put 'Spank' in search on the internet you will be amazed at
all the women and some men who are excited by a little pain."

I sobbed, "Do you still love me?"

"Of course I do. Now more than ever. What parts of your body seemed most
sensitive."

That made me feel better and I said, "You mean which hurt the most?"

Yes and what excited you the most."

"Well my back just stung a little and didn't excite me. My butt just stung a
little except when you hit at the very bottom near my crotch but the greater
sting also excited me. The inner thighs stung a lot but the ones close to my
pussy were exciting. My belly didn't sting bad at all and was very exciting
close to my pussy. My boobs stung a lot and the nipples were terrible but it
also caused excitement. My pussy was no worse than my belly but it was really
exciting. I think it didn't hurt bad because my lips protected my clit."

"That is good to know. Now lie next to me I want to hug you until we sleep."

The next day I went to the computer. I knew how to use search since I had used
it to find recipes and home and garden hints. I had never thought about sexy
things on it. I ended up being on it all day. I was amazed at all the things I
found with suggestions to look other places.I ended up on the newsgroups and
then to chat rooms. I was amazed at how many women were into pain and what made
me feel better was that many were turned on by much more severe things than I
had experienced. I was still on it reading stories and real life experiences
when the boys came home from school so I quickly logged off realizing I was only
wearing my robe which had opened so I could touch myself while reading.

I ran to the bedroom and dressed in a simple house dress I buttoned to the neck.
It fit loosely so I was far from looking sexy.

They were disappointed and stared at the strap Mike had hung on the wall and
then to me. I saw them surreptiously move their hands on their crotches and knew
they were daydreaming about me being lashed.

I realized then that the boys I had lovingly cared for were now my enemies and I
hated them for it.

Bob said, "Mom I think the strap needs more oil."

"Not a chance you little pervert. I know you just want to look at my crotch."

"Mom. You can't blame us. You are only 28 years old and look twenty and you are
beautiful. You look as good as the girls in Playboy magazine."

It was true that even at my age I was often carded when we went to bars and I
appreciated the compliment for a moment until I realized they didn't just want
to see me naked but naked and beaten.

"You are still perverts. Normal boys would not want to see their mothers get
hurt."

Yeah but most boys don't have Mothers as pretty as you with such a beautiful
body that jiggles and squirms when hit."

I didn't know how to answer that so I just said, "I don't want to talk about
it."

I began getting dinner ready. They continued to watch me and I could hardly
believe that simple innocent acts like stretching up to get things or bending
over would make them touch the little tents made in their pants by their hard
penis's.

I decided to make Mike a fancy dinner and began setting the table with our best
dinnerware. They made me nervous and I dropped a plate on the tile floor
breaking it in small pieces.

I felt sick. That plate was part of a set his parents had given us for a wedding
present and I could only hope that I could save enough out of my household
allowance to replace it before Mike missed it.

Bob said, "Oh wow. Dad is really going to be pissed off. He really likes that
Noritake stuff."

"Oh God! Don't tell him. I will replace it as soon as I can."

"We will make you a deal. Tomorrow we don't have to go to school because of a
teacher conference. If you will do anything we want all day tomorrow we won't
tell him."

"Oh God. You would hurt me I may as well let him do it."

"No we won't hurt you. We just want to see you naked and you can be our slave.
We can't hurt you he would see the marks."

"Oh that would be terribly humiliating"

He just shrugged, "Humiliation or a real bad whipping. Your choice."

I knew the whipping would be as bad or worse than any I had received so I said,
"Oh all right. You promise not to tell him?"

"Yes. We promise but we want to make sure you are serious about it so unbutton
every button on that dress."

"But Mike may catch us."

"No he won't. He gets home every day at six thirty like clockwork besides we
would hear his car if he came home early."

That was true Mike had bought himself an old Firebird he had restored and it had
really loud dual exhaust pipes."

I began unbuttoning the dress which had buttons from the hem to the neck. That
forced me to do a slow striptease and they increased the illusion by whistling
and applauding as my skin came in to view just as if they were in a strip club.
The embarrassment made me blush furiously which only made them laugh in glee.

Finally it was open with a gap that showed my tiny G-string and cleavage nearly
to my nipples.

I said nastily, "There. Satisfied?"

"No. Take it off.

"That isn't fair. You just said to unbutton it."

"Duhh. You had to unbutton it to take it off."

I said, "Damn you." but I knew I had no choice and let it slide off my shoulders
to fall to the floor.

Ted had not said anything but I knew he was in full agreement by his delighted
staring. I thanked God this ordeal could not last over an hour.

"Okay put your hands on your head, suck in your belly and make some slow turns."

That pose reminded me of Mikes strapping and I swear I could almost feel light
stings as I presented my back and front to them. It began to excite me which
brought back my shame so the feeling went away.

He soon tired of that and said, "Okay pull your bra down under your tits to lift
them."

I said bitterly,"You monster!" but I did it only to blush anew when Ted said,
"Wow that is great! It makes them hard and pushes them out."

Bob said,"Not too hard I hope.Lean over and put your hands on your knees then
waggle you shoulders."

I did and they loved seeing my boobs sway while I blushed realizing I was now
definitely a slutty stripper.

Then he said, "Harder and faster!"

I did and that made my boobs slap against my arms.They started chanting,"Faster.
Faster." and now my boobs were hitting my arms hard enough to make them hurt.
Actually I wanted that. I should hurt for being so slutty.

Then he said "Okay take off the bottom."

I know that it may seem silly since I was already so close to naked but that
little triangle became real important to me. I said, "No. It is getting late and
I have to get dressed and finish dinner before Mike gets home."

He looked at his watch and said" Oh okay. We have tomorrow."

I rushed to my room and dressed in a baggy sweater and loose jeans to hide
myself completely.I stayed in there as long as possible brushing my hair to
avoid facing them. I could hear them talking and laughing and knew they were
planning to make tomorrow miserable.

End part two




                    SONS GET EVEN 3

The next morning I put on the baggy sweater and jeans although I knew they would
not let me hide for long.

They were waiting for me in the living room and just grinned at my attempt to
hide myself.

Bob said,"We were up late thinking of great things for you to do for us. I
rember when you watched strippers on HBO with Dad you said that they were total
sluts. Do you still think so?"

"Yes. I can't imagine how girls could do that especially since they seem to
enjoy it."

"Good. We hoped you would feel that way because you are going to be sluttier
than any of them. Now go take off those ugly clothes and put on pretty ones. A
lot of them.  Panties, bra, garterbelt, a slip,nylon stockings a blouse with a
lot of buttons and that short skirt with buttons to the hem.and really high heel
shoes.

I sobbed knowing that meant I was going to have to perform a very long strip.
The only good thing was that it would take a while to dress and strip which
would delay possibly worse things.

I stalled as long as possible but then Bob yelled, "You had better gert your ass
out here or we will make it worse!"

I didn't know how it could get worse but went out to see them sitting on the
couch with glasses of pop on the coffee table obviously pretending they were in
a bar.On the couch nest to Ted was our video camera and they had adjusted the
track lighting to make the center of the living room super bright.

I said in alarm, "You can't tape this!"

"Oh yes we can. We want to be able to see this again at night in our room."

The thought of them watching it and masturbating made me feel ill and again I
said, "No. I won't allow it."

"Okay we would probably like seeing you whipped by Dad more anyway. Now you will
stand there and say, 'Please tape this.' or face the alternative."

I was trapped. Maybe it waouldn't be so bad since it was just for them and maybe
they would get bored with it.I knew delaying confessing to Mike would make it
much worse. I whimpered then as Ted pointed the camera at me I said,"Please tape
this."

Bob hit the button on the remote for our CD player and slow sensuous music came
on. I danced around a little clumsily on the stilleto heels causing me to give a
little respect to professional strippers who could move so gracefully in five
inch heels.

It was awful it took a long time to take off all those clothes and meanwhile
they made me blush over and over by mimicking the audience in the special by
yelling,"Yeah baby.Shake those boobies, Show us your pussy." and other things to
make me feel absolutely mortified.

I was nearly naked by the end of the song with only my garter belt, stockings
and shoes. I started to take them off but Bob said,"No leave those on for now."

He hit the button again and a much faster song came on. Moving faster a long
with stumbling on the shoes made my boobs jump and my butt jiggle to bring on
more comments to embarress me.

When the song ended the effort and my nervosness had my body covered with a
sheen of perspiration. Ted loved that saying, "Wow her sweaty body in this
bright light makes her look like she is glowing."

"Yeah it is great! Now sit on the floor and take off the stockings and shoes."

That was awful. If I could have done it standing I could have kept my legs
together but sitting with my legs up and open made my slit open and I was really
humiliated when Bob said, "Look her pussy is winking at us."

As soon as they were off I slammed my legs to the floor and clenched my thighs
together to hide my pussy even though I knew it would be a short delay.

Ten Bob said,"You are really a slutty bitch aren't you."

"No! You are forcing me to do this. I hate it."

"Maybe but you would rather do this than take a little whipping."

I blushed knowing that was true and wished I had just confessed but it would be
stupid to do it now after suffering all that humiliation.

"Well you are going to be our little doggy bitch. Get up on your hands and
knees."

When I was up he took off his belt and looped it around my neck with the buckle
tight against the back of my neck. Then he led me around the room by my leash
while Ted made me blush by saying, "Oh wow. You can see her pussy moving real
good from the rear."

I pressed my thighs together but Bob just slapped my butt with the end of his
belt and said, "Open your legs."

That was really humiliating and made me move more clumsily but now I was hating
myself for not having the courage to confess and felt I deserved this
humiliation no matter what they wanted.

for the next hour they treated me as if I was a dog making me fetch a ball, roll
over and you would think they would have some compassion when they had me sit up
and beg with my hands by my breasts and tears flowing down my cheeks but they
just ignored my suffering

Ted said, "She is missing something. She needs a tail."

Bob said,"Right. Get the strap."

I thought they would tape it to my butt. I was not that lucky.

Bob said, "I will jam the handle into your asshole. That should hold it."

"No! That will hurt! You said you wouldn't hurt me."

"No it won't. You have probably shit turds that big."

"Only when I was constipated and it hurt."

"It won't hurt. Just lick it and get it wet and slick."

I didn't want it to hurt so I licked every inch of that fake dick only stopping
when I saw they were enjoying watching me do it.

He took it from me then had me put my head on the floor and hold my buttcheeks
open with both my hands.He began pressing it against my tiny puckered anus but
it would not slide in and I hoped he would give up but then he gave it a hard
push and I felt my sphincter muscles stetch painfully open and then close
slightly as the head went in. He kept pushing it as I gasped and moaned while it
forced it's way deep inside me.

He said, "I'll make sure it does not fall out."

He got some twine from a drawer and tied it tightly around my waist then looped
it around the handle then brought it through my legs and up the slit of my pussy
to run it through the twine at my waist and then back down through my slit to
loop it around the handle again and beck to my waist string then back down again
to make a third pass through my pussy before tieing it to the waist string.

I gasped when he jerked on the handle to say "Yeah perfect. It can't fall out
now."

I didn't think it could fall out anyway considering how tightly my asshole and
colon was gripping it but I guess he wanted to be sure.

Ted said, "Be a happy doggy. Wag your tail."

I swung my butt back and forth and it was the wildest feeling. I had never had
anything in my butt larger than Mom's enema nozzle which was nothing compared to
this dick. I had no idea their were so many nerves in your butt. As it moved
from the weight of the swinging strap I swear I coud feel the fake veins on the
dick rubbing inside.

Bob said, "Be real happy. Wag faster!"

I began swaying my butt as fast as I could and to my shame it felt good. So Good
I think I may have had an orgasm if they had not tired of this game so soon. I
cursed their short attention span.

Then Ted said, "Doggies need to play in the sun and fresh air. Let's take her
out to the back yard."

I panicked and begged, "No please no. Someone may see us."

"No way there is a six foot wooden fence out there."

"Yes but there are a lot of people over six feet tall."

"Well then I guess you are just going to hope only short people come by."

They dragged me out the back door by my leash and led me around the yard. At
least twice I heard people talking as hey walked by our fence and I prayed they
were short. I avoided looking at the fence knowing how shameful it would be if
someone was tall.

Ted said, "You know she is kinda big to be a dog. Maybe it would be better if
she was a pony."

Bob said, "Great idea. She can take us for rides. I'll go get some reins to
steer her with."

He came back with two lengths of twine swinging from his fists. He reached under
me and I thought he was going to tie them around my breasts but then I felt a
sharp pain in my left nipple. I looked down to see a spring clothespin hanging
from my nipple with the twine tied to it.

I whined, "Ow that hurts! You said you would not hurt me."

"Oh it can't be that bad. We have to be able to steer you."

At that he clipped the other closthespin to my right nipple. I sobbed, "They
hurt awfully. Please take them off. Why do you want to hurt me?"

"Why shouldn't we? You have been telling on us since we were little to Dad and
you knew he would spank us."

"But you deserved it."

"No more than you. We never broke anything expensive. You told on us for little
things and a couple of times you told him we had taken things and we hadn't but
he always believed you and not us."

That was true a couple of times I missed money and assumed they had taken it
only to find it later. I know I should have told Mike I had unjustly accused
them but I thought it was too late since they had already been spanked.

I whined "I'm sorry."

"That isn't good enough. What we are doing is not nearly as bad as Dad's
paddlings."

There was nothing I could say and I just hung my head in defeat.

For the rest of the afternoon they took turns riding me and jerking on my right
nipple to make me turn right and my left to turn left. To stop me they jerked on
both nipples so hard my boobs were jerked nearly to my chin causing terrible
pain. To make me go they wold slap my ass with their hands.

Finally I got so exhausted I could not go any longer and just laid on my belly
sobbing while they spanked my butt and then jerked my legs open to spank my
pussy. When even that would not get me moving again they gave up and let me rest
for awhile.

when I had rested a bit Bob said, "We know how guys jerk off but we don't know
how girls do it. Show us."

I whined, "Girls don't do that."

"Mom you are lying. We have sex education and the teacher said not as many girls
do it but some do. We could tell by the blushes that a lot of girls did it in
our class."

"I can't. Even Mike does not ask me to do that."

"He has other things he likes you to do. Do it and I'll take off the
clothespins."

I could barely believe I could consider it but the damn clothespins were causing
a throbbing pain that seemed to go deep into my breasts. I decided to bargain.
"Okay I will do it but only if this is the last thing today and you will let me
get dressed."

"Okay. Dad will be home soon anyway and we are out of ideas for you, but only if
you do it until you cum."

I said, "Alright." and he took off the pins. To my surprise that caused even
greater pain as the blood returned to make me rub them as I sobbed.

I laid on my back and brushed my palm over my pussy thinking how obscene this
would look if a tall peerson walked by. It was just too humiliating to excite me
and they realized nothing was happening so Bob said, "You aren't doing it right.
You have to open your legs and rub your clitoris."

God I hated sex education. I knew they would make me lie there rubbing till Mike
came home if I didn't cum so I opened my legs and began rubbing my clit with my
middle finger while I closed my eyes and imagined Mel Gibson was doing it. Soon
I was panting and convulsing while my finger made obscene slurping noises until
I reached orgasm."

They were pleased and took out that damn dildo that had stretched my poor anus
and let me run to the house to wash my shit off of it before hanging it up then
dressing.

end part 3




                    SONS GET EVEN PART 4

When I dressed I put on a low scoopneck blouse and my shortest micro skirt,
since there was no time for them to do anything to me I decided to tease and
frustrate the boys.

As I prepared dinner I deliberately bent way over to get pans exposing my butt
and leaned over to set the table exposing most of my boobs to their excited
faces.

Bob said petulantly, "Mom it isn't fair to tease us. You kow we don't have time
to do anything."

I said, "What do you mean? I am just getting dinner ready."

"Yeah right!"

It worked. In a short time they ran up to their room I am sure to masturbate to
relieve the obviously super hard penis's.

To my surprise my choice of clothing also excited Mike which I thought was weird
since he had so often seen me stark naked. He had me crawl toward him with my
boobs swaying and away so he could see my butt which sent the boys back to their
room.

We went to our bedroom and in an amazing coincidence he said, "We have never
tried anal sex. I want to do it."

I was not looking forward to that, my asshole was still a little sore from the
strap dildo so I said, "Why? You never wanted to do it before."

"The concept of shit on my dick turned me off but I have found a solution to
that."

"What is that?"

"I just give you enemas until the water is perfectly clean."

I remembered my Mom's enemas and said petulantly, "I don't like enemas."

"You don't have a choice. Undress while I get things ready." He picked up a sack
he had brought home and went into the bathroom.

I undressed slowly to stall since even when it was necessay ro relieve the
constipation I often had as a child it had been really humiliating.

I heard water running then he said, "Get in here! Everything is ready."

I went in naked and saw this huge red rubber hot water bottle hanging from the
shower rod with a hose leading to a nozzle more than twice the size my Mom had
used.

I looked at in fear and said, "Oh my God! Mom just used a syringe. That is huge.
It must hold a gallon of watter."

"Actually a little more than a gallon but the syringe was for little girls. You
are a big girl now and I want you super clean."

He had me lean over the tub and then spread my cheeks and pushed in the nozzle.
My anus had returned to it's small size which pleased him. He said,"Good you are
so tight the nozzle is going in hard. It is going to be great on my dick."

For sure. His dick was more than twice as thick as that nozzle and even longer.

He opened a valve and water began running into my bowels. At first it was not
bad but then pressure started building and I began to get cramps. I cried,
"Stop. It is hurting me! I have cramps! My guts may explode."

"Don't be such a sissy. Your guts won't explode.You only have half of the water.
Move around a little. It may help."

It did help a little but the cramps got worse and it was really humiliating to
move and have the nozzle move in my ass.I looked down to see I was getting a
little pot belly as my guts filled.

Finally the bottle was empty and he let me get on the toilet then jerked out the
nozzle. That was horribly embarrassing as the water gushed out with farting
noises.

It wasn't over. He gave me two more enemas before he was satisfied the water was
clear enough. They were just as bad as the first and I was crying during the
last one where he had filled the bottle to overflowing.

He went into the bedroom while I was squeezing out the last of the water. When I
went in he was threading twine through the springs of two clothespins.

He said "I saw this on the internet. I will have two of the strings going over
your shoulders and the other two by your stomach. When I pull the shoulder
string you will go forward and the belly strings will bring you back. You will
be doing all the work while I just kneel behind you."

"You are going to clip them on my stomach? That will hurt."

"No silly. I am going to put them on your nipples your belly is not nearly
sensitive enough to get you to move hard."

I thought perversions must be hereditary since this was so much like his son's
had done.

"I whined, "That will really hurt. Please don't do it."

"You don't mind a little pain. Now take off my clothes and suck my dick so it
will be nice and slick for your ass."

I had a feeling of guilt as I remembered sucking the strap handle and the boys
glee in watching me. When I had him naked I knelt in front of im and began
licking and sucking it. I looked up at his face and saw the same look of glee
the boys had shown.

Suddenly he said,"Enough. I want to cum in your ass."

He had me get on my knees on the bed with my head on my folded arms then put on
the pins. I gasped at the pain but knew it would do no good to complain.

His idea really worked. When he jerked on the strings there was so much pain as
my nipples stretched and my boobs moved I lurched forward and back driving his
dick as deep as it would go. Aside from the pain to my nipples his dick felt
much better than that hard rubber one on the strap. I began rubbing my clit and
soon went into orgasm. I had three before he moaned and pulled hrd on my belly
strings to drive me tight against his stomach. I felt his cum spurt in to me
like a mini-enema.

Even though I had done all the work the act exhausted him and he rolled off of
me and was asleep in seconds. I took off the pins bracing myself for the intense
pain I knew would follow.

I guess I was exhausted too because as soon as the pain subsided I went to sleep
and slept in. When I got up there was a note by the coffee pot saying, "Hi
Darling. I knew you had to be exhausted so I got the kids off to school. Looking
forward to seeing you. Love Mike"

For some reason his note reminded me of the internet so I went directly to the
computer just wearing my robe. I had discovered newsgroups and went to Soc.
sexuality spanking. Unfortunately most of the posts just dealt with simple over
the knee spankings so I went on to alt.torture. I downloaded every picture
offered and found some terrible things. Naturally I woulddn't want them done to
me and yet I was fascinated by them.

Time flew by and I suddenly heard the front door open. I immediaely logged off
just as Bob came over to me.

He said,"What are you doing?"

"Oh I was just looking up some recipes."

"Yeah right. That is why your robe is open and your pussy is wet."

I suddenly realized my robe was gaping open and immediately closed it blushing
at the fact I had been rubbing my pussy until it was shining with wetness.

"Don't bother to close it. Just stand up and take it off."

"No. You had your way with me yesterday I more than earned your silence about
the plate."

"I never said it would be one day. You will be our slave until you replace the
plate."

I had no idea they would be so unreasonable. I sobbed knowing it could be weeks
before I could save enough money to replace it."

I stood up and let the robe fall to the floor thanking God they only had a
couple of hours to humiliate and torture me.

I stood there hanging my head in shame as he said, "We have been talking to some
high school boys. We know a lot of fun things we can do with you."

"First of all kneel and take down my pants and suck and lick my dick."

"No! that is incest. We would all go to hell."

"No, I looked it up. Incest is sex with a relative. Sucking is not sex.
President Clinton proved that."

It was hard to argue with that. If you can't believe the President, who can you
believe? I remembered the first time Mike had made me suck him and how degraded
and humiliated I  had felt but this would be worse. This was my son and a truly
perverted thing.

I hesitated and Bob said,"You don't have to do it. I would love to see Dad use
that strap on you."

I blanched at the thought. He didn't know the strap would be used on all of me.
I was sure if he did he would simply tell Mike.

I knelt and unbuttoned and unzipped his pants then pulled both his pants and
shorts down at the same time. I was amazed at the sight of his penis. It sprang
out of his shorts to slap against his stomach. It was about six inches long and
almost as thick as Mikes. I hadn't seen it since he was little and it had been
tiny. He obviously had a lot of his dad's genes.

He also either found some sites on the internet or else had instruction because
he knew exactly what he wanted.He had me lick his balls and dick grinning at my
look of despair before I put it in my mouth then he started pumping his hips as
if he was fucking my face.

Fortunately he didn't last very long but further humiliated me by jerking out
his cock and shooting a surprising amount of cum into my face and eyes.

I started to wipe it off feeling totally degraded but he said sharply, "Leave
it. I want to see if Ted can do as much."

Ted had already taken down his pants and simply shoved his dick into my face. I
captured it in my mouth to keep him from sticking it in my eyes and sucked
furiously to get it over as soon as possible. He too shot it in my face and then
while I knelt there in tears they argued who had shot the most.

I found out that although young boys do not take long to cum it also takes them
a short time to be ready again. they decided to do it again only this time they
would shoot in my mouth to see if either of them could make me choke. Bob "Won"
by jamming my head into him as he came to make his dick go into my throat and
make me gag. When Ted tried it his dick was slim enough to just slide down my
throat.

They just stood there a moment watching me sob at my stupidity for letting them
degrade me so for days just to avoid a spanking that would have been over in
minutes.

Then Bob said he would clean me up and scraped up the cum with his finger and
shoved his finger into my mouth to suck it off.

I thought that had brought me to the lowest point of my life and nothing they
could do could degrade me anymore.

I was wrong. They discussed whether or not fucking me in the ass would be
incest. Ted said. "I don't think so cause we couldn't get her pregnant but that
sounds gross. We would get shit all over our dicks."

Bb said, "No. I saw an enema bag in the bathroom. We could get her all clean for
us."

I cursed myself for not hiding it and then it was deja vu only worse because
they squeezed the bag to hurry the process causing cramps nearly as bad as labor
pains then laughed in glee as the water splashed out of my ass into the toilet.
I thought I might die.

They had two turns with me while I sobbed. It didn't hurt but I hated them for
having such a good time yelling, "Ride her cowboy!"

Thankfully that was enough for them and they ran up to their room saying they
had to finish their project.

I dressed in a simple housedress not wanting to have to become a "Show" as Mike
had done in my sexier clothes.

When he came home I was in for a shock. He said,"Guess what honey. I ran into
Bill diggs and he has a friend with a cabin on Horsefly lake in Canada. Supposed
to be big fish. We are going to fish all weekend."

I panicked at the thought of being at the boy's mercy all weekend and pleaded,
"No please stay home. I have been looking forward to being with you. We will do
anything you want."

"No way! This is the chance of a lifetime, besides I can always do anything I
want with you."

"Then take me along. I can cook for you."

"Naw this is a guy thing. You would be out of place."

I knew there was no sense arguing and worse when the boys came down he told them
he would not be home until ten oclock Sunday and expected them to be in bed for
school the next day.

Bob said gleefully "Oh we will Dad. It sounds like a lot of fun. Too bad you
can't stay longer."

"Yeah I would like to but Bill has to be back at work Monday morning."

He was glad they were happy for him but I knew they were happy for themselves
and thought seriously of confessing but if I did all my degradation would have
been for nothing and I decided there was nothing worse they could do to me."

The next day was Friday and I went to town shopping to keep my mind off the
weekend. I found the plate but there was only one left so I asked the clerk if
she would hold it for me but they had to have half down of $40.00 and I didn't
have it. I could only hope it would be still there next wednesday, my allowance
day, when I planned to minimize my grocery shopping to buy it.

Shopping was a disaster. No matter where I went I saw belts,rulers,yard sticks,
hairbrushes, large spoons and spatulas that could be used to spank me. My rich
imagination almost let me feel the sting as they hit me.

I got home just before the boys and expected them to make me strip but Bob said,
"Come up to our room. We want to show you something we have been working on."

I went up there and Bob shoved a tape in the VCR. It was me! and worse I was
asking them to tape me. As it went on I saw they had edited out all my
objections and I had put out of my mind the fact they had make me ask for all
the obscene things they had done to me. It looked as if I was corrupting my own
children and I was devastated and worse Bob said,"We don't need the plate
anymore. If you don't do anything we want we will show the tape to all our
friends. Possibly the word could get out and you may end up getting arrested by
the police for molesting us."

"No! You wouldn't do that to your own Mother."

"Maybe. Maybe not. If you don't do it you won't be fun anymore and maybe Dad
would get an even younger wife."

I could hardly believe I had raised such monsters but was sure they would do it
since I had let them get so spoiled over the years.

I hung my head and mumbled, "I'll do it."

"What? Louder! No on second thought say 'I want to be your love slave.' and be
sincere."

It didn't surprise me when Ted picked up the camera and they made me say it
three times until they were satisfied I looked sincere enough.

Then Ted said, "We have something else we made. Boy scout training paid off."

He went to a drawer and brought out a whip! They had braided three long leather
bootstrings into one and added four more to put in a hole they had drilled in a
large dowel to make a five thonged whip. They showed me a picture they had found
somewhere wih a black woman tied to a tree while a bare chested white man held a
whip like the one they had made.

I panicked and exclaimed, "You can't hit me with that! You said you would not
hurt me."

"No what we said was that we would not leave marks on you Dad could see. We hit
each other with the whip and timed how long the red welts would last. They were
all gone in three hours."

I cringed since Mike's spankings seldom lasted more than four hours and they had
hurt like hell.

By then it was time for me to get dinner. I was totally devastated. It was too
late to confess and there seemed to be no end to my suffering.

Mike noticed my depression but thought it was because he was leaving me home. He
said, "Don't feel bad darlin. When I get home I will get you a nice present."

"I said, "I would rather go with you but I guess a present would be nice."

He spent the rest of the night packing and getting all his fishing gear together
then went to sleep in order to get up early. I was awake for hours dreading the
scene the next day."

End part four




                     SON'S GET EVEN 5

Mike was up at five AM for his fishing trip. Thankfully he moved around quietly
and even left quietly with his car just above idle so the boys were not
awakened.

I thought it best for me to get out of the house too rather than inadvertantly
making a noise that may awaken them. I put on a sweat shirt and my overalls and
went out to the back yard to work on my garden. I put on leather gloves to prune
the rose bushes and pull the nasty canadian thistles and nettles that kept
coming back no matter how often I ripped them out. I had almost filled the
wheelbarrow with them when I heard loud rock and roll music coming from the
house and realized they had set their clock radio to awaken them.

I kept working in the faint hope they would not find me right away. In a little
while the back door opened and Ted yelled,"Here she is!"

Bob came out and walked over to me to say, "It wasn't nice of you to hide from
us. You knew we would want to play with you."

I stammered, "I wasn't hiding. Honestly I had to do this weeding. I planned to
go in and awaken you when I was done."

Bob just sneered and said,"Yeah. Right."

Ted grabbed his hand and pulled him away and began whispering in his ear. I knew
he had come up with something nasty to do to me from Bob's grin but I had no
idea what."

Bob said, "Go ahead and finish. We have to get some things from the garage."

I finished pulling the rest of the nettles dreading what they had in mind.

They came back with a sack and Bob said,"Okay take off your clothes. All of
them."

At least it was not a long strip tease. I just took off the shoulder straps of
my overalls then pulled off the sweat shirt and pulled down my panties. Even
though we had the fence I felt really naked out in the open like that with the
sun warming my nude body.

Ted picked up my gloves and started taking out rose branches, thistles and
nettles to spread them out in a rectangle about two feet wide and three feet
long by about six inches deep."

Bob said,"Get on your knees at the edge of your new bed and lie down on it."

I wailed, "Oh no. Please.I haven't done anything to deserve this."

"Yes you have. We don't believe you weren't trying to hide. Hurry or it will be
worse."

I put my hands out to the sides of their evil bed and let myself down as gently
as possible. As I came into contact with the bed I felt a multitude of painful
sensations. The rose thorns punctured my fleah from my pussy to my neck and the
thistles and nettles caused a stinging, burning and itching sensation all at
once. I tried to lie very still but all the sensations made me squirm to add
pain to untouched areas.

They took four tent stakes out of the sack and pounded them into the ground
around me and then wrapped bungee cords Mike had used to hold down tarps to my
wrists and ankle. they jerked out on the cords to hook them on the pegs so I
looked like an upside down "Y". I had been able to hold some of my weight off
the bed with my arms and toes but now this was lost and all my 120 pounds pushed
me into the thorns and nettles to make me whine in agony.

They just watched me for awhile then Ted said, "I think it would be better if
she moved around a little."

Bob said,"Good idea and took one of my gloves from Ted and picked up a rose
branch to slap on my butt. Ted picked up nettles and began sliding them into the
crack of my butt and slapping them against my pussy. It was awful and I made it
worse since I could not keep myself from recoiling into the bed and squirming at
the pain of the thorns puncturing my butt cheeks and the horrible burning
sensation of the nettles in the crack of my butt and anus and pussy."

It seemed to go on for hours then Bob said, "I bet you would rather suck our
dicks than lie there wouldn't you?"

There was hope of escape and I wailed "Yes! Oh yes. Please let me suck your
dicks."

"We'll see."

They let me loose and I looked down to see a million little punctures in my
breasts and tummy and even my pussy but surprisingly there was very little
blood. I took the opportunity to caress my poor burning and itching skin while
they watched then Ted put the camera to his eye. I knew I looked as if I was
playing with myself but I didn't care I only wanted to relieve the burning and
itching. then he said, "Okay get on your knees and say,'Please let me suck your
cocks. I am a slut and love sucking."

I protested, "But I am not a slut. You are making me do this."

Bob came to me and grabbed both my nipples to squeeze and pull causing pain to
radiate all through my boobs as I cried, "I'll do it.I'll do it."

I knelt and made the speech with tears in my eyes which when I saw it later just
made me look as if I really wanted badly to do it.

After I sucked them they did their first nice thing by spreading hydrocortisone
cream on all my hurts. Even though I knew they just did it so my skin would heal
before Mike came home it felt so good I thanked them.

While they caressed me Bob said, "You know our high school friends who advised
us?"

"Yes. You aren't going to show them your tape of me are you."

"We already have."

"How could you. Aren't you ashamed of your mother doing all those things?"

"Actually we did not tell them you are our mother. You are just a horny neighbor
lady who enjoys pain, humiliation and sex. They will be here at noon and you
will do anything they want or suffer the consequences."

Somehow it seemed better to be an anonymous neighbor and I agreed.

They said I should get their whip ready. I didn't know what they meant but they
showed me.They had me lie back over the arm of the couch with my legs open then
dragged each thong of the whip through the slit of my pussy making the braids
slide on my anus and clit. To my shame it excited me and by the time I had made
all the thongs wet I was so stimulated I had orgasms.

Ted made me feel terribly ashamed by saying, "Wow. You soaked the thongs. You
really are a slut aren't you?"

In spite of my shame I had to nod my head in agreement.

They tested their whip by having me kneel with my hands on my head and my legs
open to hit me lightly on my breasts, stomach and pussy.

God help me that excited me too and when Ted said,"Say,'More. Harder.'" I think
I may have done it without the order.

As I said, "More. Harder!" the stings really began to hurt but by then I wanted
the pain and deserved it."

After that they told me to make them some lunch and watched as the redness of
their whipping subsided. Bob said, "Good. The red is nearly gone after an hour.
At worst we can whip her until about 6 PM tomorrow."

We ate while I wondered fearfully what may happen to me. If they could come up
with so many things what might older boys come up with?"

They coached me on what I should do and say when the older boys came with the
reminder of what would happen if I didn't do everything willingly.

They decided I should be in bondage when they came so they tied my hands behind
my back then wrapped twine around the bases of my boobs to make them round and
hard and placed me facing the front door kneeling with my legs open. By the time
I heard a car come into our driveway my boobs were throbbing from the constant
pressure.

Bob opened the door and two pimply faced boys about 16 years old walked in.

Bob said, "Tom and Bill meet Allene. She will do anything you want. Won't you
Allene?"

I hung my head and said the speech they had ordered, "Yes. I am your love slave
I want you to do anything you want."

Bob said, "Do you want her to suck your dicks? She is good at it."

The taller boy Tom said, "Naw. Our girlfrriends give us all the sex we need.
What we want is the things our girls won't let us do."

It turned out thaat their fantasies all involved some sort of pain to make this
the longest day of my life.

They had brought a box of their toys. They had seen their sisters get spanked
but not on bare bottom so the first thing they wanted was spanking. I was told
to lie over their legs while they sat on a straight chair for spankings with
their hands, an 18 inch ruler they had brought with them, a hairbrush, and a
ping pong paddle.

After that leaving me with a stinging and throbbing butt, they decided to
indulge themselves in bondage tying me in all kinds of uncomfortable positions
laughing as they watched me struggle.

They took out some little C-clamps and tightened them so tightly on my nipples
and pussy I was howling with pain and then tied twine to them and had me crawl
around dragging them on the boys little red wagon. There were times I was sure
My nipples and pussy lips would be torn off and I never stopped crying.

Fortunately the boys would not allow them to burn my nipples and pussy with a
cigarette lighter explaining they could not leave marks my husband could see.

Whenever their dicks would get hard they would fuck my poor anus stretching it
horribly with their bigger dicks.

Finally they finished their series by taking me to to the back yard and hanging
me from a tree limb while they whipped every inch of me from my boobs to my
knees with the boy's whip.. My whole body stung and burned from red stripes no
more than an inch apart.

The other terrible thing was that when they came up with something I had to beg
them to do it.

It was dark when they left and I was totally exhausted so the boys rubbed the
stripes with oil and then let me go to bed. I fell asleep instantly.

The next day I was covered with little bruises so they decided to let me heal
and just demanded blow jobs and anal sex.

They were relieved to see my bruises were very faint by nine PM so went to bed
letting me sleep as well.

Around ten Mike came home and said that he had missed me and was super horny.
Fortunately he left the lights dim and made wonderful love to me where nature
intended.

The next morning when he left for work he said he would bring home a nice
surprise. I fretted all day wondering if the surprise would really be nice or
just something to hurt me.

end part 5




                   Son's get Even 6

Thank God the boy's stayed late at school for a pep rally and by the time they
got home there was no time for them to do anything to me.

When Mike came home he was carrying a dress box from a really classy store in
Seattle. I opened it to see a white silk dress that felt wonderful.

He told me to go put it on with no underwear since the dress would show any
panty lines.

I put on the dress and it was lovely except much too daring for our little town.
It would have been okay I guess if I was a movie star at the Oscars. The vee
neckline went down below my navel and the vee back went nearly to the crack of
my butt. Not only that there were slits on the sides nearly to my waist. It was
obvious I would have to move slowly and smoothly to keep from flashing my
nipples or crotch.

I went out feeling the slits open sensually against my legs and the top rubbing
my nipples with it's silky softness.

It was obvious from the big smiles on Mike's and the boys faces that they loved
it confirmed by Mikes awed,"You are lovely," and bob's saying,"Yeah Mom, You
look like a movie star."

I smiled and said,"Thank you but I don't know where I could wear this dress I am
almost naked."

Mike said, "That is the beauty of it. Almost naked is in a way sexier than
naked. Don't you agree boys?"

Ted said, "Oh yeah. She is really sexy."

That made me blush as Mike continued,"You will be wearing it at your parents
anniversary party and Mom's birthday this Friday."

I really blushed then and said, "Oh no. Seeing me in this will embarass them as
much as me."

Mike said,"I don't think so, both my dad and yours have suggested I bring you
over to swim in their pools and I am sure it is so they can see you in the thong
bikini I told them I had purchased for you. Your Mom said that she was curious
about your body now that you are fully grown since she only saw you in the loose
tops and jeans you always wore and of course since my Mom does not like you very
much she will enjoy your embarrassment."

I knew what he meant. I had been embarrassed by my big boobs and round butt and
had tried to hide them. His Mom thought Mike could have done a lot better than
me.

"Well I will be embarrassed."

"That doesn't matter we will enjoy watching our little movie star."

Then he dropped the bomb saying, "We will have a really great dinner. I will get
a prime rib and all the goodies to go with it and the table will be set with our
best china and our best wineglasses full of their favorite wines."

I began to cry and he asked me what was wrong.

I blubbered, "We can't use our best china. I broke a plate to leave us one short
and I haven't had a chance to replace it and I have been on the computer so I
didn't get in to town to get wine."

"God! How could you be so clumsy? Naturally you must be punished and tomorrow
you will go to town to get a plate and the wine."

I whined, "I know I must be punished."

He had me take off the dress and lean over to grip the edge of the dining room
table warning me if I let go he would start over.

My boobs hung stright down and I knew they woud be jumping and swinging from the
impact of his heavy strap.

He began spanking me and the pain was fierce and I knew I must look obscene as
my tits flopped and I shifted from leg to leg in what he called my dance of
pain. Bob emphasized the impact by yelling, "Wow. The strap is flattening her
round ass." Ted yelled, "Yeah and it looks like her tits may hit her chin!"

He hit my poor butt and thighs over twenty times to the point they nearly got
numb but the really terrible thing was that it was over in just a minute or two
and I realized how stupid I had been to let the boys black mail me.

I had a lot of time to feel bad about it since he had me stay in position to
display my poor red and bruised ass while they discussed the heavy welts the
strap had made and guessed correctly that my ass must feel as if it was on fire.

When the pain had subsided he told me to go to bed while he took the boys out to
dinner. I laid in bed crying because I had gone through all that with the boys
for nothing and worse I was still not out of their clutches because of the tape.
I knew if they told Mike about the tape he might kill me.

I was still awake wondering what awful thing would happen to me next when Mike
came home. I heard him go upstairs while the boys talked excitedly.

He came into our bedroom and said, "The boys made a whip as a boy scout project.
They did a good job. Get out of bed and into the front room. I want to try it
out."

I whined, "Please no. You have already punished me."

"Not enough! The boys told me you broke the plate days ago and kept it a secret
from me. Get up now!"

I jumped up and followed him to the living room stark naked and the first thing
I saw was Ted with his camera. I recoiled and covered my beasts and pussy with
my hands whining, "No. No. You aren't going to tape this.Why?"

"Because I am going to show it to you at least once a week to remind you to
never displease me."

He handed me the whip and said, "Rub the thongs on your breasts, stomach and
pussy."

"Why?"

"Just do it!"

I began rubbing the thongs on myself and crazy as it sounds the braids making my
nipples and clit vibrate began to excite me. He let me rub until I was moaning
and panting in excitement then said, "Do you know why I wanted you to rub your
nipples and stomach and pussy."

I said tremously, "I am not sure. Does it excite you to see me rub myself?"

"No. It is because the areas you are exciting are the places you will be
punished.Lift your hands above your head stretching as much as you can and don't
let them come down. you will be getting ten lashes."

I raised them as high as I could causing my breasts to rise and my tummy
flatten.

Bob said,"That makes her look great!. Someday we should hang her by her wrists."

I looked at him in hate because he knew exactly how I looked hanging. He had
done it for his pimply face friends in our backyard.

suddenly I heard a "Whirr." then a loud "Splat!" as terrible pain that took my
breath came across my stomach.I looked down to see angry red welts on my tummy
across my navel."

I gasped and brought my hands down a bit only to hear Mike say harshly,
"Stretch!"

He spread them from there little by little causing my whole front to sting and
burn as they ripped across my breasts and pubic bone.

At the ninth one Bob said, "Can I give her the last one?"

Mike said,"Sure son. You need to know this when you get married."

He took the whip and got on my left side. Since he is right handed I thought he
would hit my butt which would not be so sensitive.

He did but he stood close enough so the ends of the thongs wrapped around my hip
to explode into the slit of my pussy. I screamed at the horrible pain and
brought my hands down to hold my poor pussy which felt ripped open.

Mike said harshly, "For bringing down your hands you will get four more on your
precious pussy you tried to protect. Ted you are a softball pitcher. Bring four
up from the floor into her pussy. Allene, Open your legs."

I cried,"Please don't! You don't know how much that hurts."

"It is supposed to hurt. Now open your legs a couple of feet and stretch or it
will be eight. I am sure Bob would like a turn."

I moaned at that thought and got into position. It hurt so bad I can't describe
it but at least he did them fast. It took every bit of will power I had to stay
in position.

I had to stand there in pain and covered with perspiration while they discussed
the colors and size of my welts then Mike said, "Okay I am proud you showed
courage. Boys get the massage oil out of the bathroom and rub down the welts."

I should have been ashamed to have my own sons rub me in all my most intimate
places but it felt so good I just didn't care.

They caressed me for about fiften minutes then Mike let me go to bed. I was so
exhausted I immediately went to sleep.

end part 6




                     SONS GET EVEN 7

The next morning I was really sore and when Mike saw my whole front was black
and blue he let me stay in bed. He let the boys stay home from school and told
them to rub me every half hour with oil and cortisone because he wanted my skin
perfect for Friday.

That really felt good but naturally it made them horny so I had to suck them and
let them have anal sex. The really terrible thing about it was that I began to
enjoy the anal sex especially when they played with my pussy at the same time. I
relaxed a bit knowing they couldn't hurt me since Mike wanted my skin perfectly
normal by Friday.

The next day I looked a little better so he let them go to school with orders to
rub me again when they got home. They learned a new thing. While one pressed the
outside of my boobs to make a tight cleavage the other would fuck it until they
shot cum into my face to humiliate me.

By thursday I only had a few small bruises and Mike came home angry saying, "I
have spent all week shopping and could not find the plate or any Morio Muscat
wine your parents love. Everyone is out of stock and the plate won't get here
for a week. The party is going to be ruined and it is your fault."

Friday morning Mike bolted a huge iron chandelier from the living room ceiling.I
thought it was just something special for the party but I later found it had a
more sinister purpose.

I tried to make up for it. I baked a cake for them and packed the prime rib in
rock salt which makes it real juicy, baked potatoes, heated tiny peas, and made
a nice caesar salad.

I knew they would be unhappy when the boys set the table placing an ugly Melmar
plastic plate in Mike's Mom's place and opened the bottle of Merlot which is
actually a good wine but too sour for my folks.

The night started out all right. We had drinks first in the living room and they
liked my dress although my mom and his thought it was a bit too daring. His Dad
and mine loved it and had me walk around and twirl to make the skirt rise almost
to my crotch and kept my boobies moving almost enough to expose the nipples.

Then it was time for dinner. I put everything on the table and Mike carved the
prime rib before having them come in to the dining room.

Mike's mother, Ann saw her ugly orange plate that stuck out like a turd in a
pnch bowl and said, "What is this plate doing here!"

Mike told her I had broken a plate and that I had failed to get a replacement as
if I hadn't tried.

She said, "My God,Allene. How could you be so clumsy. I spent a fortune for that
set."

I apologized but she was not satisfied with my explanation.

Then Dad tasted the wine and almost choked saying, "What is this stuff. It
tastes like vinegar. Where is our good wine?" Mom tasted it and made a face.

Mike told them I had not gotten around to get the Muscat until everyone had sold
out. They both grumbled.

They began to eat and enjoyed the food so I thought I may be forgiven but when
they finished, Mike said, "Allene was a very bad girl don't you think she should
be punished?"

Ann said, "Yes definitely.She should learn to be more careful with fine china.
His Dad agreed saying, "Yes there is no excuse for such sloppiness.Imagine how
much we would have spanked you Mike."

Mike made a little grimace obviously remembering then said,How about you Tod and
Mary. Are you upset about the wine?"

Dad said, "Yes and I miss not being able to spank her cute round butt."

I blushed remembering how he had pulled down my jeans to spank my little cotton
panties.

"And you,Mary?"

"Actually a spanking seems rather childish for someone her age. Perhaps it
should be something more exotic. The boys showed me a whip they had made."

Mike said,"I agree. I know that the men and Mary have been curious about her
body so she will be naked and hung from the chandelier."

My Dad had the grace to blush and say,"Oh my." but he did not object.

I whined, "Oh no. Please! That is too embarrassing."

Mary said, "Good. The embarrassment will add to the punishment."

The rest of them just nodded and my damn boys were delighted.

Mike led me into the living room while the boys ran to their room. They came
back just as my dress slid down my body to the floor leaving me stark naked.
Rather than being shocked they all agreed I was lovely. Except Mom thought my
shaved pussy was rather slutty.

Mike said, "If you think she looks good now, wait until she is hung up."

The boys buckled leather cuffs arond my wrist which were attached to a rope then
Mike threw the rope over the chandelier and began pulling me up until only my
toes touched the floor. Then the boys put cuffs on my ankles and pulled them
open to tie to our heavy furniture. I blushed knowing that made my pussy lips
open to make me look obscene

Ann said,"My God.That does wonders for her body. There is no longer a crease
under her breasts and her waist has shrunk to half it's size."

Mom blushed when Dad said,"She has inherited your genes Darling."

Mike said, "This whip just stings so you can hit her anywhere. We will give her
ten each and I will demonstrate. You should notice from her expression which
parts are most sensitive."

I guess I made it obvious by just gasping at the ones to my back and butt and
belly but squealed at the ones to my inner thighs, breasts and pussy.

It took forever because they would pause between each one to admire the welt it
left and fondle me to feel the heat it had caused. Naturally my mean boys
concentrated on my boobs and pussy. By the time the seventy lashes were over my
whole body hurt terribly while I stood there trembling and soaked with
perspiration and my tears.

They just let me hang there sobbing while Mike made them drinks and they
discussed how long it would take for the redness to fade.I thought it was
terrible no-one felt sorry for me. Not even my own Mother.

Then to my surprise Mike said, "Mom it is time for your Birthday spanking."

Ann blushed and said, "Oh God. We haven't done that for years"

Mike said, "I know and I have missed them. It was the only chance for me to get
even for all my spankings.I'll bet you are still carrying that big wood spatula
you used on me in your purse."

She blushed again and said, "It is just a habit."

Then she said, "Oh okay I guess if Allene can agree to a spanking I should but
just on the skirt. Okay."

"No way. It is a tradition for us to take our spankings on underwear only."

She blushed again and said, "Todd and Mary don't want to see an old woman nearly
naked."

"Mom you are only fifty and I know you have been exercising for over a year. Dad
says you look great."

"Oh God. It will be so embarrrassing. Your Dad bought me new underwear. I don't
have the granny panties you are used to."

It was obvious from her statement that "It will be embarrassing." that she
intended to do it with more encouragement. She got it. Mike's Dad said, "Do it.
I am real proud of your body."

She blushed again but got up and took off her suit jacket and folded it on the
chair.I don't know if she planned a slow strip tease but it turned out that way
with the pauses to fold her clothes neatly as she took off the blouse then skirt
then slip and finally her pantyhose. To my surprise she was wearing thong
panties and a tiny bra. I knew from experience the bra provided no support and
hoped I would look as good at fifty because her boobs barely sagged. To surprise
me more Mom said to Dad, "See everyone wears tiny panties."

She walked over to her purse and brought back a huge wood spatula about 18
inches long with a five inch square flat part.

She held it out and said,"Who will do it?"

"We all will. Ten apiece but the boys only get five."

She blushed again and said,"Everyone?" She obviously agreed because she stuck
the spatula into the waistband of her thong and leaned over to grip the edge of
the table which rounded out her butt.

Mike's Dad stood up and slid out the spatula then said,"Hard?"

She moaned,"Oh I guess so Damnit."

The thong had made her buttcheeks totally bare and as he alternated from cheek
to cheek her buns would flatten and get redder and redder. I had to give her
credit she just made little gasps and moans although I knew it must sting
fiercely.To my surprise when he finished she stood up rubbing her red buns and
said defiantly, "That didn't hurt."

I knew Mom did not like her much and she confirmed it by jumping up and taking
the spatula from him. Ann just grinned and bent back over.

Mom said, "This will hurt. Open your legs a bit."

Ann opened her legs enough to show a little crotch hair around the thong then
Mom began hitting her inner thighs just below the thong making Ann give out
little squeals and shift from leg to leg.

I gasped remembering when Mom would hit me there with her 18 inch plastic ruler
and knew the spatula must be even worse.

When she finished Ann stood up and caressed her thighs with tears in her eyes
and said," It hurt. I hope you are happy."

Mom just grinned.

Mike took the spatula and really swung it hard flattening and lifting he
buttcheeks while she gasped and jerked so hard her boobs jumped out of the tiny
bra. I am sure her butt hurt so much she didn't even notice. Her breasts were
jumping and swinging causing the boys and men to stare at her.When he finished
she stood up and rubbed her buns still not realizing her breasts were fully
exposed.

She sobbed,"Oh Mike. You are so mean! You made up for about five of my
spankings."

Mike said,"Well maybe a couple of them." and handed the spatula to my Dad who
was staring at her breasts with a big grin on his face.

By then her butt was so red and welted by the edges of the spatula Dad must have
felt sorry for her because he did not hit as hard. Even then she was so sore she
danced at each blow causing her boobs to swing which delighted my boys.

When he finished she must have known he did not hit as hard because with tear
filled eyes she moaned, "Thank you for not hitting so hard."

It was Bob's turn and as I thought he would, he put all of his on her inner
thighs making her jump and twist delighting Ted who had moved in front of her to
enjoy the view.

When he finished she turned and said,"You nasty boy. You had better be good or I
will get even with you."

That must have scared Ted because he just hit the rounded part although since
she was so sore it still hurt her bad.

She turned around rubbing her buns still unaware or not caring her bra was now
just a strip of cloth under her breasts and her thong had slipped into her slit
to make her lips pooch around it. She rubbed her buns for a long time before she
noticed and pulled the bra back into place.

Dad said,"Okay Darlin. It is your turn."

Mom blanched and said, "It isn't my birthday."

"I know but it was only a month ago and I just gave you a hand spanking. I want
them to see how pretty you are after dieting all year."

Mom smiled and said,"You really think I am pretty?"

"Yes and they will too."

Mike said, "Come on Mary. You are only forty eight so it will just be seven
apiece."

Dad said,"Yes be a good sport."

She blushed and said, "Oh okay."

She stood up and took off her dress and slip and I could hardly believe it. She
must have lost fifty pounds. The last time I saw her her her stomach pushed out
her granny panties and her breasts bulged around an old cotton bra. Now her
tummy was flat and her breasts fit nicely in her tiny bra. She was not wearing a
thong. They were Hanes Her Way high cut panties but they fit tightly showing off
her round bottom and the little bulge of her pussy lips. There was no doubt I
inherited her genes. She grinned proudly as they had her turn so they could see
every inch of her.

Dad said,"I will go first."

Ann said,"I will be last. I want to be rested."

Mom grimaced at that remembering how mean she had been.

When she bent over Dad grabbed her panties and pulled them tightly into the
crack of her butt effectively turning them into thongs and making her gasp in
astonishment.

I guess the men and boys appreciated the fact she was being a good sport because
they didn't hit real hard but even then her buttcheeks were so red they looked
as if they were glowing.

Ann was something else. She hit all seven on her inner thighs so close to the
pussy the edge of the spatula dragged on the panties causing Mom to bawl like a
baby.

It was over and in a little while Mom and Ann got self conscious and put their
clothes back on to the disappointment of the men.

Then they came over to me and I thought I would be released but they just
fondled me and said I had great skin because the redness had already faded. I
had this sick feeling they were not done with me.

End part seven




                    SONS GET EVEN 8

They continued to fondle me and I thought I would die of shame when Dad felt my
pussy and said, "Look. Even these lines are fading."

Mike came up with a horrible idea. He said the other women got birthday
spankings but to be different I think she should accept the Men and boys
birthday spanking."

I did some quick math and was horrified whining "Oh God. Please. That would be
over a hundred spanks."

Mike figured it out and said, "Actually it comes to 159."

I wailed,"I can't take that many."

Mike said, "Sure you can. If it gets too bad your endomorphins will kick in to
kill the pain, or you will simply get numb. I'll give you a break. You can
choose the instrument. The paddle, the strap, the whip, the spatula, or for
something different a willow switch.You can even choose the areas you should be
punished."

I thought it was really mean to have me make the choices since it would imply I
was willingly consenting. I knew the paddle was out becaus it would bruise me so
horribly, the strap also would be terible, That many with the whip would make me
bleed and I saw what the spatula did to them. I had never been switched and I
thought it may not be so bad since it would cover a small area and would not
have the weight.

I said softly,"I guess the switch would not be so bad."

"Good. And where should you be switched."

I whined "I can't take that many in one place. I guess my bottom, my thighs, and
my tummy." I didn't realize till later that I had not excluded my inner thighs."

"Good. Bob get the cleaver from the kithen so she can cut a switch."

He almost fell over himself running to the kitchen. I felt some relief at the
fact he would only get thirteen spanks.

Mike got flashlights to light my way to the willow bush but most of the beams
were on me rather than the path. So much for the darkness hiding me from a
posssible onlooker.

I thought it was really diabolical for him to have me choose the instrument and
where it would hit. Since I had made the choices I would have no-one to blame
but myself.

The choice of switches was hard. I knew if I chose one too small they would just
hit harder and if I got one too big it would be awful. I settled for one about
three feet long then started back to the hose stripping off the leaves and twigs
to make it look like a buggy whip.

In the house Mike arranged the dining room chairs in a big circle for everyone
to be seated then he told me to hold the switch in my mouth and crawl to the
person I wanted to spank me then say" Please give me your birthday spanking."

The only one I thought may have any pity for me at all was my Mom. I chose her
to be first and decided to have Mike and the boys last hoping I would be numb by
then.

I crawled to her and handed her the switch and said tremously,"Please give me
your birthday spanking on my bottom."

She had me stay o my knees then bend over to lay my head on my folded arms.

At the first "Whirr" and impact I knew I had made a mistake. The switch dug into
my butt to cause pain deep inside me.

I think she tried to make it better by getting it over with fast because she hit
as fast as she could but that just made it constant terrible pain. When she
finished I hurt so bad I felt nauseous.

She lifted my head by my hair and stuck the switch into my mouth. I felt weak
but in a few minutes managed to crawl to my dad and sobbed,"Please give me your
birthday spanking on my tummy." I thought he would not hit hard there.

He told me to get on my knees and put my hands on my head.

He hit me right across my navel. It hurt so bad it took my breath away then he
went up and down from there.It was so terible I amazed myself by staying in
position. When he finished I looked down to see angry red stripes covering my
belly from just below my boobs to my pubic bone.

He let me recover for a moment to stop my hysterical sobbing then put the whip
in my mouth. I crawled to Mike's Dad and sobbed, "Please give me your birthday
spanking on my thighs."

He had me stand sideways to him and switched my thighs from my butt to my knees
while I squealed and danced in pain.

He let me calm down and put the switch in my mouth. I realized that if I kept
choosing new places to be hit I would never get numb so I crawled to Ann and
said,"Please give me your Birthday spanking on my thighs."

She had me lean over with my hands on the coffee table making my breasts hang
and open my legs. Bitterly I thought the boys are really going to love seeing my
boobs dance.

The bitch began hitting my tender inner thighs from half-way down to so close to
my pussy I saw the lips quiver.I screamed and danced until I was hoarse from the
terrible pain.

Again I was allowed to get my breath then the switch was put in my mouth.

I crawled to Mike feeling very weak and said,"Please give me your Birthday
spanking on my butt."

He had me lean over with my hands on the coffee table again and made it really
bad by concentrating on the tenderest part of my ass where the thighs join the
butt.
It hurt so much it exhausted me. When he finished I just laid on the floor and
sobbed.

Then he said, "Letting the pain subside will just make the next one worse."

I moaned."Yes" and crawled to Bob whimpering, "Please give me your birthday
spanking on my butt."

He had me lie on my stomach with my head between his legs and did something
incredibly cruel. he hit one bun then the other with the third right down the
crack of my butt to hit my anus and pussy. I screamed and twisted while he
completed the spanking the same way. When he finished Ted said,"Just stay
there." and did the same thing but by then I couldn't hurt anymore and just felt
impacts.

I laid there exhausted feeling moisture between my legs I thought was my sweat
but Mike said,"She is bleeding. We had better put some antiseptic on her."

Ann said, "I know just the thing."

I just laid there not wanting to move to scrape my red belly on the carpet and
certainly not to close my legs.

Ann returned with a bowl of liquid and a washcloth she let soak in the bowl.
Then she said, "It is your vagina and anus that are bleeding dear. Get up on
your knees with your head on your hands and open your legs as much as you can."

I did it knowing I wouldn't want those parts infected. When I was in position
she slapped the soaked wash cloth between my legs. I thought she had set me on
fire. I had never felt burning like that. I screamed, "Stop. You are burning
me."

Ann said, "It is just alcohol and salt dear. The burning will stop in a minute."

She lied it was a lot longer than a minute but as she kept putting it on the
burning lessened and finally felt cold.

Mike carried me to bed and I felt relief it was finally over but I heard his Dad
say, "This has been the most exciting night of my life. We will have to do it
again."

To my horror Mike said, "I don't know why not once she is well."

The next morning I was a mess. I had gobs of scabs from where lashes had crossed
themselves to break the skin and my pussy and anus still hurt and were horribly
swollen.

The antiseptic didn't work. I developed infections and got a fever. Mike
couldn't take me to a doctor so he went to a vet and got pennicillin for his
"dog"

In about four days I had healed to the point of just bruises that didn't hurt
but that frightened me as I remembered him saying when I was well there would be
another session.

I couldn't stand anymore so I packed and emptied our joint checking account and
headed to California.

I only had about 900 dollars so knew I had to get work soon even though I was
saving money by sleeping in my car and cleaning up at the"Y". It suddenly dawned
on me that the car was in his name and he could accuse me of stealing it so I
drove it out to the desert and spent the day covering it with sand then
hitchhiked back to L.A.

It soon became obvious I could not find a job without a high school education.
Even fast food palces would not hire me. I was reslly desperate when I saw a
little ad in the free newspaper asking for nude models.

I spent some of my money to go to a beauty shop to do my hair and buy some
makeup then I dressed in my sexiest blouse and leather miniskirt and went to the
audition.

I knew since it was a job nude modeling I wold have to take off my clothes but
it was still embarrassing to strip while an old man sat behind his desk and
watched.

When I was naked he had me make some turns and then said,"You may do.Are there
any photos you would object to doing."

I stammered,"What do you mean?"

"I mean like full frontal nudity, like showing your pussy and anus by holding
your pussy lips and buttcheeks open."

"Oh that would be embarrassing but I can if it is necessary. I need the job."

"Okay. Let's see. put two fingers of each hand in your pussy and spread it
open."

I hesitated and he said,"Okay if you don't want the job."

I said,"No I"ll do it." I pulled the lips open and then more as he ordered until
it hurt and he could see my cervix.

"Okay. You will do. Be back here at 9 AM tomorrow."

The photo session was nearly as humiliating as the boys put me through. I could
hardly believe men would want to see a girl with her fingers in her ass and
pussy. Then it really got bad. He brought in a really black woman who really
contrasted with my blonde hair and white skin and I had to lick her nipples and
stomach and even pussy while he took photos from all sides.

Then the session was over and he handed me forty dollars saying,"Pretty girls
are dime a dozen in L.A. The modeling rate is twenty dollars an hour."

I was disappointed but said,"Can you use me tomorrow?"

"No. I just like new faces but I know a guy who may be interested if you don't
mind bondage."

"What do you mean?"

"He just likes to tie girls up with ropes or chains. He won't hurt you and it
pays better. Sixty dollars an hour."

"Not hurting me was the key and I said I'll do it."

He called the man and said,"I have a pretty blonde who will do just about
anything."

He said "Okay." and gave me an address to be at the next day at noon."

I had to take a cab to the place since I could never have found it. It was an
old warehouse and when I went in it was frightening to see all the bondage stuff
and whips hanging from the wall.

The bondage session was not bad. I wasn't hurt. It was mostly boring since it
took so long to tie all the knots and all I had to do was look uncomfortable.

Then he hung me naked from the ceiling. He stared at me and said, "I have seen
you before. I know. It was that amateur tape I found on the internet."

He went to the TV and put in a tape. It was the tape the boys had made. I was
shocked it was being sold. He said,"This is great. Of course I can't use boys
that young since it is illegal but I can sure use you for my own videos."

"Oh No. I was forced to do that. I don't want to be hurt."

"I use phoney whips that don't hurt. Can I show you."

"Okay. Just once."

He hit me across my stomach and there was just a light sting. I said,"Try it
harder." He hit me again across my breasts but it still didn't really hurt just
a tiny bit more sting.

I said,"How much does that pay?"

"100 dollars an hour plus four percent of sales."

"Okay,I'll do it."

So that is how I became a porn star I am making enough money for a nice
apartment and a new car. The movies are really phoney with fake whips and phoney
stripes and blood but they sell pretty well. I hope to retire bfore my looks go
so I am saving all I can and investing in mutual funds. Things look good!

the end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





