BDSM Library - Severe




Severe
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short story about extreme discipline in a fiction world.
SEVERE
By La Baronne

   " Please..."  The Corrector could see that Kilia was in pain, and in an awful
pain too.  She was crying, her face drenched with sweat and tears.  In fact, her
whole body was covered with sweat, because it had been treated very badly during
this Sanction.  She was just twenty, a pretty servant with long fair hair, a
nice sensual body, and marvellous blue eyes.  Like all the servants, she had
already received a few corporal punishments, and some of the sanctions had been
tough, but never as cruel as this one.

   The Master had said that she would suffer.  He had decided that she should
receive an " exemplary treatment ", and that's what he had told her, precisely. 
So she had known from the very beginning, that the torture would be long,
painful, and that it would leave long-lasting marks on her.  The Master was
cruel.  He was cruel, indeed.  Whenever a servant was punished, he always
demanded to see the marks on her body the next day.  So, everyday, he visited
the cells of the Dungeon of his Palace, and watched all the marks on all the
servants that had been whipped, beaten, raped, or tortured in any of the subtle
ways he found for them.  And because of an extremely strict policy on discipline
there were many marks to be seen every single day : hundreds of bruises, scars,
marks left from caning, whipping, punches or kicks, left on bottoms, backs,
legs, arms, bellies, loins, breasts or faces.  Aftermaths of painful
penetrations, multiple rapes or, one more time, caning, whipping and divers
beatings, would be found on and in sexes or anal sphincters, so that the master
could know that there was always a few servants around the Palace who would not
be able to walk or go to the toilets without suffering, let alone having any
form of sexual activity.  Sometimes, when he felt like being part of the
terrible game of pain that happened in the premises of his palace, he asked some
guards to keep a woman still, took her clitoris between his thumb and his
forefinger and then pinched it and twisted it so that he literally grinded it,
and therefore, he called it " the grinding "  An hour or so before such a
torture would take place, a guard was to come in the girl's cell and tell her
that : " The Master has decided to give you the privilege of having your
clitoris grinded by his own hand in an hour."  Grinding clitorises was the one
and only way he ever took part in the awful industry of pain that took place on
his lands.  But he was known to be the most wonderful clitoris grinder of the
whole country.  When a girl learned that the Master would come to grind the most
sensible part of her genitals, she knew that she would experience one of the
most horrid sort of pain a woman could undergo.  She also knew that she would
not be able to enjoy any form of sexual pleasure for a long time.  Servants who
had had their clitoris grinded by the Master were known to need weeks and
sometimes months to recover from the torture.  It was said that several girls
were so badly injured by the treatment that they never could have an orgasm
again.

   The Master was so hard with his domestics, in fact, that a servant would
generally not spend a whole year without being punished at least three times,
and only the best of them could have a chance of avoiding to be condemned to a
torture related with the intimate parts of their bodies.  Actually, a girl
working for the Master would usually spend an average three months in a year
with marks of some kind on her body.  And the same average girl would have her
genitals abused in a way or another twice a year.  The servants Guild of the
Palace had tried, in the past, to demand that some punishment would be given
only under certain conditions.  They particularly disagreed with the regular use
of vaginal impalement, multiple rapes by Palace Guards, heavy whippings or
canings of the vulva and any form of sanction that left wounds on the servants
sexes and basically ruined their sexual health.  As an answer, the Master
offered the four speakers of the Guild to be impaled by their anus and receive
the heavy whipping they did receive while being thus painfully penetrated, on
their breasts and bellies instead of their vulvas.  After the speakers of the
Guild had been thus impaled and whipped in front of all the servants of the
Palace, the demands stopped and the routine of being condemned to vaginal
impalement and ten stroke with a cane on the breasts, even for a minor offence,
continued to rule the poor lives and mark the bodies of the girls.

   The servants knew that corporal punishments were given to the servants in other
places.  In Twyrm, for example, the Master was known to give a ghastly sentence
to the servants proved guilty of repeated theft : they would be hung by their
breasts for one to five minutes, and, during those long minutes of unbearable
suffering, they would receive a harsh whipping with a riding crop on the belly
and, sometimes, they would also receive strokes on their distended breasts. 
This was known to be the most awful torture to be given to a woman.  The worst
being of course for the girls whose breasts would not be large enough to be tied
so that they could be hung by ropes, cause then the Corrector would fix iron
clamps around their nipples to trap as much flesh as possible and they would be
hung and have their breasts grinded by the clamps in the meantime.  In Rywm, on
the other side of the river, a servant proved guilty of any ten faults in four
weeks would receive a punishment known as " The Choice " : every day during a
full week, at noon, the girl would have to chose between four different sort of
tortures : a heavy beating on the lower part of the belly, a long caning of the
breasts, having her vagina enlarged until it bleeds or be anally raped five
times.  Of course, the servants who had to make this terrible choice would
choose the beating first hand, but the strokes would let their bellies so
bruised and painful that they wouldn't be able to stand it the next day and
would finally have to let their tormentors rape their anus or injure their sexes
in order to avoid being whipped on the breasts.

   But these terrible treatments was given very scarcely, and the rest of the
times the servants would get away with only a light whipping or caning.  Only in
this Palace were the servants so often condemned to tough sanctions and had
their sexes so frequently abused.  It was well known, in fact, that the Master
here liked his servants to be punished as often as possible.  He explained that
by a short and clear phrase : "Discipline is about screams and tears"  Other
people had other views on the way servants were treated in the Dungeon and the
Palace had received several nicknames like : " the house of the limp " because
the servants were famous for having a limp most of the time, due to sexual or
anal abuse; " the castle of the screams " or, more explicitly : " the domain of
the large cunts ", because a rumour said that more than a half of the servants
had had their vagina deformed by the ill-treatments they had received.  And it
was true that at least a third of the servants had had their orifices enlarged
so frequently and so badly that the size of their vaginas would be definitely
changed.

   To do the nasty business on his servants bodies, the Master employed two men
known as the Correctors.  The Correctors had been recruited on behalf of their
performances during the tests ( which had lasted for one week and had been the
cause of numerous injuries including a few torn vaginas, several anal wounds and
two breasts beaten to pulp by an overdoing applicant ) and because of the
sadistic turn of their minds.  The men usually work as much for pleasure as for
their wages, which explains the fact that the sanctions are  Often more painful
on the end than they were supposed to be.

   At the moment, the Corrector was not working on Kilia's body, he was in a
corner of the room, in front of a very thin servant, with brown hair and a
terrified look, slightly younger than the blond girl who was his main occupation
of this evening.  He had put his big hands on the thighs of the girls and had
said to her : " I will push you down so that you completely sit on this stool,
understand ? I will push hard and you will sit down on it, so you'd better try
to relax your muscles if you don't want to go out of this room with a mess
between your legs, understand ? The stuff that is in your pussy is huge at the
base, so relax your muscles cause you don't want to start bleeding on it now, do
you ? "  The girl nodded, he pushed her down and Kilia could see the awful pain
invade her eyes as she screamed and burst into tears.  When she sat on the
stool, the Corrector checked rapidly with a finger to see if she was bleeding. 
Then he showed her the blood stain on his finger and said : " I told you, you
should have relax your muscles better than that. Now it will be worse for your
pussy.  You'll stay here for an hour and then I'll beat your belly a dozen times
with a paddle; and as the stuff that is inside you will move because of the
strokes, you will bleed again. It's too bad you see, if you had not been torn
now, your sex would have been all right during the beating. But now... Your
pussy might be a complete wreck after the paddle..."  The Corrector then had a
diabolical fit of laughter as the girl was watching he spread legs and cried
without a pause while trying to imagine what was happening beneath her, and
especially what shape the enormous stake would have given to her distended and
now torn orifice.  -" Hey, don't be sad ! I was joking, you would have bled even
if you had done better with your muscles. The size of the stake was meant to
injure your sex. "  Without stopping his awful laughter, he clenched his fist
and showed it to the poor girl.  -" See that fist, be happy that the beating to
come will be done with the paddle and not with my fist, because if it had been
the case, if the Master had told me to beat you with my fists, I can assure you
that you would have gone out of this room with a








She was maintained by chains on the wall of big, rough stones that had hurt her
back very seriously when she was contorting her poor body on it, maddened by the
wanton pain.  She was spread-eagled, and her legs were kept wide open.  So wide
in fact that all her joints and muscles ached terribly.  -" Hurt my breasts...
Please... " The pain in her breasts was unbearable.  The corrector had beaten
her chest for quite a long time with a heavy paddle and a cane. The cane was
used to let on her fragile flesh vivid red marks that surely wouldn't heal soon,
and the paddle to grind the breasts.  The two sorts of pain were complementary,
so to say... -" My breasts... They are very sensitive, you know... Hurt them...
Look, they are already covered with marks, it will be such a pain if you hurt
them... And my belly, you can beat my belly too... Hit me hard on my belly with
the baton, and hurt my breasts after that... You know that it will be a terrible
pain if you beat my breasts and my belly again... Come on ! Beat me ! Please..." 
The Corrector had also used the paddle on her belly; the paddle and the baton. 
He had beaten her mainly beneath her navel, where the abdominal muscles are the
weakest, so that the pain of the strokes could irradiate deep inside her bowels.

   So her belly was bruised, her breasts were bruised too and lashed with marks
from a sadistic caning, and her face was drenched with tears and she had
suffered so much that she should have lost consciousness, but she was still
conscious, just enough to ask the corrector to hurt those parts of her body
anew.  Why ?

   Well... Because he had already enlarged her vagina in so many different ways
that she couldn't believe her sex was not yet torn inside.  She felt that her
genitals were literally gaping between her thighs, but still, she didn't bleed,
and that was incredible.  She couldn't see, because of her position, but she
knew that her intimate orifice had been distended in a such way that she
wouldn't have believed it was possible if someone had tried to make her imagine
such a deformation of her flesh.  The Corrector had said that it was his
speciality, that he could enlarge a woman's vagina so that one could screw a
clenched fist inside without even touching the flesh afterwards.  -" Come on...
Have mercy... Just once... Beat my breasts, you know it will hurt me as much as
what you will do to my sex... - Yes I know. But I have orders to wreck your
vagina, not your breasts, sorry."  He took his time, never used tools as the
others did, only used his hands.  He could work marvels with his bare hands,
that he could.  Kilia could feel it between her spread legs : he had worked
marvels on her body.  She could feel that her sex would never be the same again
after that.  -" My sex will never be the same again after that... - No, it
won't, for sure..."  She snivelled, felt some more tears come to her eyes, and
asked, in a strangled voice.  -" But why are you doing that ? Why are you doing
that to me ? ".  - Because I received the order to do that to you."  He was
coming back, the break was now finished. He was ready to do more of his
atrocious work on her body, and she was powerless. She could only watch him
"wreck" her vagina, as he had said.  She cried, silently, when she felt that the
fingers of his left hand were one more time separating her bruised lips.  The
right hand would be screwed deep inside her belly in a few seconds, and then he
would one more time dilate the most intimate part of her body with his powerful
fingers.  He had been working on her sex for more than an hour by now.  And he
had only taken a few breaks.  He had explained her that it took time to enlarge
a vagina, if one didn't want to spoil the process by tearing it apart.  And a
vagina would be torn apart for a trifle if you didn't know how to work on it. 
But the Corrector knew.  The fist, when it slid into her belly, made the young
woman utter a whine which expressed as much pain as sadness.  She already knew
that her body would never completely heal from her torments.  Now she realised
that the Corrector intended to let her genitals in such a state that her sexual
life would clearly never be the same, if ever it could still exist after what
she had undergone.  While he was starting to extend his horrid strong fingers
inside her, she asked, panting with pain : " When will you stop doing that to my
vagina ? "  The Corrector moved his fingers so viciously in her body that she
screamed, but faintly because she was exhausted by the pain.  With his other
hand he distractedly grinded her clitoris with a massive thumb.  -" I'll stop
when your hole is enlarged enough."  He clenched his fingers and extended them
again brutally, she yelled her despair, understanding that what she thought was
the limits of the dilatation of her vagina was in fact a resistance of her poor
muscles that he would break easily.  Her voice muffled with sobs, she asked,
shyly :  -"When will it be enlarged enough then ? "

   And then he looked at her, screwing his sadistic stare straight in her eyes and
moving his huge fingers inside her belly in the meantime, smiling.  -" When I
think that it's enlarged enough.  And I've been told by the Master to be
SEVERE..."  So she knew that it would be long before the torture was over.  And
that when it would eventually stop, the sensitive parts of her body situated
between her legs would have been definitely ruined by the work of the hands of
the Corrector on her.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  La Baronne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





