BDSM Library - Bitch Mother




Bitch Mother
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: His mother and her friend really enjoyed to punish the son. Then the thing was changed and their fates exchanged.
Bitch Mother 1

I can't remember when I wasn't spanked for one reason or another. I didn't mind
when Dad spanked me because I usually deserved it and he would just give me
three or four spanks with his big hands on top of my pants. Mom's started with
ten.

Mom's spankings were much worse. She would use her hairbrush or a strap or worst
the skinny end of a poolcue.  She also made a big production of it making me
take off all my clothes including my shoes and socks then having me draw straws
to see whether she would use the hairbrush, strap or cue. She knew I hated the
cuestick the worst because it would leave terrible welts that would leave my
butt sore for days. Actually the only bearable thing was the hairbrush because
if I drew the strap she would use it on more sensitive places.

She had a regular routine if I drew the hairbrush she would have me bend over
and hold on to my ankles. If I stumbled forward from the impact she would start
over. Since the pose made me very unstable she often got to start over.

For the cuestick I bent over to hold on to the edge of our dining room table. If
I let go or yelled at the terrible pain it caused she would start over.

For the strap I had to stand with my hands on my head with my legs open so she
could hit my tender inner thighs, my stomach and my nipples. Sometimes as a
finale she would hold my butt cheeks open so the strap could get into the crack.
That and the nipples were the worst.

If that wasn't bad enough she made it last a long time. After each hit I would
have to say, "Thank you Mother." then she would wait a minute for the sting to
lessen before hitting again to reawaken the pain.

I complained to Dad about her terrible spankings and they had a big fight but it
didn't help me. She just gave me a harder spanking for tattling and said if I
ever told him again she would spank me until I became unconscious.

Then when I was ten the worst thing ever happened. Mom and Dad had a big fight
and Dad left us. I pleaded to go with him but the damn divorce judge said. " A
child's place is with his Mother. Also at this time I started having gym classes
at school and Mom immediately started home schooling saying, "I don't want the
busy bodies at school to get the wrong idea if they see a few bruises on you in
the shower room."

Fro then on I was only allowed to wear undershorts at home in case I needed a
spanking and she didn't want to wait for me to get my clothes off. I never got
past a few days without a spanking.

Then when I was about eleven my body betrayed me. For no apparrent reason my
dick would get hard and she noticed the bulge in my shorts. She claimed that
would not happen if I was not playing with it so she read me some passage she
found about spilling my seed which gave her an excuse to spank even harder until
I was crying so hard I could barely get a breath.

Then it really got bad. She bought a computer and found a place where people
discussed ways to punish children and made friends with some woman who was a
bitch from Hell.

She told Mom that if my dick got hard she should tie my legs to the dining room
table then wrap a big rubber band just behind the head of my dick then tie a
string to it to tie it to the other end of the table to stretch it as much as
possible until I was sure she was going to rip it off my body then whip it with
a piece of lamp cord until I was crying hysterically.

Mom and her became great friends and when they trusted each other enough to
exchange addresses, Mom found she only lived about twenty miles away from us and
invited her over for the weekend to play with me.

When I found out I pleaded with her not to do it and when she just laughed at me
for being a wimp I tried to escape. I ran off in spite of the fact I had no
money or clothes except my undershorts. Unfortunately we lived ten miles from
the nearest neighbor so she caught me.  From then on I had to wear a chain on my
ankle attached to the steel bannister. It was just long enough to reach to the
kitchen table, the toilet, and to a pad on the floor which was now my bed. She
would check on me at night and put an X on the calendar anytime she found my
dick hard.  I hated my dick but didn't know how I could stop it from getting
hard when I slept.

The woman named Grace of all things came over the next weekend. It was a two day
torture session for me. First Mom demonstrated all her spanking instruments on
me finishing with my dick whipping.  Then Grace said she had some things in her
bag that would cause lasting pain.

She took out a bunch of alligator clamps and put them as close together as she
could on both sides of the shaft of my dick with a final one on the head. It
haurt so bad I cried hysterically but she said, "He isn't very brave is he? He
should be punished for that."

She took a childs sling shot out of her purse and pulled the rubber bands way
back to hit my balls with the leather pouch used to hold rocks or whatever. This
made me so sick I threw up.

They let me recover while Mom made her sandwiches and coffee. They sat at the
table laughing at the way I reacted. Grace said I was fun since her boy had
become so submissive he just accepted torture with no complaint and it was
becoming very hard to do something to him to make him scream.  They agreed they
were real lucky to live so far from neighbors even the loudest screams could not
be heard.

Later she said that she had found another treatment as starters that was really
interesting. She had Mom tie my legs to the table and my wrists behind my back
then stretched my dick again with the rubber band.  Grace pulled a pincushion
out of her bag full of map pins. She told Mom not to use them on the shaft of my
dick since she could hit a vein or artery that would cause excessive bleeding.
However the head would not bleed much.

I panicked and began to beg them not to do it. Then Grace said, "Don't worry.
That is for later."

She began sticking the pins clear though my nipples until she ran out of room
while I screamed at the pain. She said, "It is time for a new place."

She began sticking them through the head of my dick while Mom giggled at my
screams until again there was no room.

Then she said you have to do some preparation for the last two. She took some
twine from her bag and began wrapping it around the base of my balls until the
sack was tight and I was again feeling nauseous. She had Mom look and said,
"See. With the sack tight you can see every vein and artery so you can go
between them."

She stuck a pin clear to the head in my left ball then the right one while I
screamed and then again got nauseous and threw up.

They left them in for a long time giggling at my screams when they flicked the
pins with their fingers.

Finally they got bored with that and pulled them all out then let me rest on the
pad. I was so exhausted I went to sleep instantly but not befor hearing Grace
say, "I have a lot more ideas for tomorrow."

end part one




Bitch Mother 2

The next morning Grace said, "I think the boy should learn humility."

That was really gross but at least it didn't hurt.She would have me lick her
pussy to clean it aftershe took a piss then lick her asshole clean after she
shit.

In between times I had to ask them to please give my ass ten spanks. I knew if I
refused they would come up with something worse so I got on my knees and begged
for the spanking. After that I had to beg for a thigh lashing then a nipple
lashing but when they told me to ask for ten lashes in the crack of my ass with
a rose branch I made the mistake of saying. "Please don't do that. I'll do
anything else."

Grace said, "Silly boy. You will do anything anyway. Just for refusing you will
get twenty from each of us."

I can't even describe how bad that hurt. They held my butt cheeks open as far as
they could then hit right up the crack ripping at my asshole with the thorns
until blood ran down my legs.

They let me rest for awhile then tied a bucket to my dick.Then they tied a rope
to my ankles to keep them together enough so each step hit the bucket. They sat
at the table and I had to walk around the perimeter of the room then go back to
them so they could pour a glass of water in the bucket.  By the time the bucket
was full my poor dick was stretched half way down my thigh and each time my legs
hit the bucket I was sure it would be ripped off.

Finally they took it off and let me rest.

Then Grace said, "One more thing and then I have to get home. My boy has had no
food or water since I  left and I don't want him to get too weak."

"This is a lesson in self discipline. You will take this whip and bring it
around your back to put welts on your front from your chest to yourpubic bone. I
will warn you that if the welts are not big and red enough we will lash every
inch of your body including your balls."

That scared me so bad I took the snake like leather whip from her and began
swinging it as hard as I could to make me gasp as dark red stripes began lining
my chest and stomach. to my disbelief my damn dick got hard and was going
straight up almost to my navel so it was also hit several times to make it
throb.

Grace laughed and said, "Isn't that interesting. My boy'gets excited sometimes
when he lashes himself."

She left saying, Next weekend I will bring my boy so you can play with him. Mom
let me lie on my pad sobbing until I went to sleep.

end part two




Bitch Mom 3

I awoke later to a pounding on the door. Mom put on the safety chain and opened
it a crack.

I heard a gruff voice say, "Sorry to bother you mam but our car broke down. Can
we use your phone to call for help?"

Mom said, "No! I never open my door for strangers. You will just have to walk to
town. It is only about twelve miles."

He just said, "Really?" and kicked in the door knocking Mom across the room."

She screamed, "You can't do this. When you leave I am calling the police."

At that he went to the phone and ripped it out of the wall. another big man came
in and saw me on my pad. He said, "Jesus Christ lady. You are a real bitch. What
have you been doing to this boy?"

Mom yelled, "That is none of your business. He was bad and had to be punished."

"Is that right, boy? What did you do to deserve all these welts and bruises?
Shit even your dick is purple."

I whimpered, "Nothing. She is just mean."

"No shit. I had a Mom like that. The bitch got drunk and was hit by a car before
I got big enough to get even with her."

Mom screamed, "Get out of my house. Now!"

The other guy went to her and slapped her face so hard she fell on her ass then
he said, "Look bitch. You can't threaten us. We just broke out of jail and we
are lifers so the worst that can happen is that we go back. You had better damn
well cooperate."

The guy by me said, "You know she isn't a bad looking bitch. Can't be over
thirty. Why don't you strip for us so we can get a better look at you. I am
tired of fucking hairy asses."

I was sure she wouldn't go for that and sure enough she screamed, "Never! I
wouldn't even do that for my husband."

"Oh really! Where is he now?"

She missed a chance. She should have said he was a cop and would be home soon
but I guess she was not thinking clearly because she said, "He left us and it
was partly the boy's fault."

"Really boy? Why is that?"

"Dad did not like the way she beat me."

"Well he is a wimp for not beating on her. She is not being nice. What did she
do to punish you?"

I told him the whole story while Mom cringed realizing they would have no
sympathy for her.

"I think since she started you on spanking we should give her one. The pool cue
is worse right?"

"Yeah on the ass but the strap hurts a lot on the nipples and crotch."

Mom blanched and said, "You don't have to do that. I'll take off my clothes."

"Okay. Do it nice and slow. I haven't seen a strip tease for years."

It was obvious she was a really modest person not only by her blushes but the
amount of clothes she wore.

She turned her back to them but they would not allow that and made her face
them. It was really a slow strip. She had to unbutton a bunch of buttons on her
blouse then more buttons on her skirt. Out of habit she folded them neatly on
the table as she took them off.

Then there was a full slip. then panty hose and she stopped just wearing her
pants and bra. I had never seen  a woman naked except for Graces fat ass and
hairy pussy. She really was pretty which is why Dad must have put up with her so
long. Even though she was my Mom she looked as good as the women in the Sears
lingerie ads which I had looked at while playing with myself and my dick got
hard.

The bigger guy said, "Stop stalling. The bra and pants too."

She let out a little sob and took them off pulling down the panties inch by inch
to reveal a blonde pussy not nearly as hairy as Grace's.

The big guy grinned and said, "Not bad. Not bad at all. Turn around slow."

She blushed and whimpered but turned slowly so we could see every inch of her.

The big guy grinned again and said, "I love that nice round and firm spankable
ass and those strong thighs will be able to take a lot too.

She winced and said, "That won't be necessary. I know you want sex and I won't
fight you."

"God I hate bitches who act like sex is only good for men. By the time we are
through you will be begging for sex."

The smaller guy said, "I have a little chore for her."

"Okay Rod. She will do anything you say."

"Thanks  Jim.  Bitch I want you to crawl over to me dragging your tits on the
carpet and undo my fly and suck my dick."

Mom looked horrified and cried, "No! Only sluts would do such a thing and I am
not a slut!"

Jim said, "So much for cooperation. Boy, how many spanks would she give you for
refusing her anything."

"My name is Mike and it was twenty spanks with the cue stick but I think this is
her second no. She didn't want to strip for you either."

Mom yelled, "You little bastard! I'll get even with you for that!"

Jim said, "No you won't. You are going to be real nice to your boy.  Mike, Do
you know if you have any rope around here?"

"Yes. There are all kinds of things in the garage but with me she made me hold
on to the edge of the table and if I let go she would start over."

"Good idea. Let's see if she can be as brave as you. Why don't you get all the
things she used on you."

I ran to her bedroom and got her brush, the cuestick, the strap anf the lamp
cord they had used on my dick.  Then I ran outside to cut the thickest rose
branch I could find. When I returned pulling off the leaves and flower she was
trying to bargain with them.

She was saying, "Surely you don't want to add any more penaltys to your
sentence. You can have our car and I will give you all the money I have in the
house if you will just leave."

Jim said, "Are you stupid or what. There is no death penalty in this state and
we are already in for life. What the hell can they do to us. What we need to do
is stay out of sight for a few weeks until they give up on finding us."

I said there is no problem there.  She doesn't work so she won't be missed and I
am on home schooling. Also we are Mormons so there is a years supply of food in
the house."

Mom glared at me and said, "You'll be sorry!"

Jim said, "No he won't. We owe him big time. Now get your ass over to the table
and hold on."

She went to the table and gripped the edge but moaned when Jim said, "Open your
legs. I want to see your pussy quiver when your ass is hit."

She opened her legs and I discovered that I could see her pussy better that way
than when she stood up.

He brought the stick way back and hit her so hard on the lower part of her ass
that it raised her up on her toes and caused a loud scream. She immediately
brought her hands back to her ass to rub the big red welt.

Jim said, "You fucked up bitch. That one doesn't count."

I said, "Actually she would add a five stroke penalty if I let go."

Mom began to bawl but she grabbed the table again and gritted her teeth.

He began the spanking again and she managed to hold on as forty five welts
covered her from the top of her ass down to the middle of her thighs. Her only
reaction was screams of pain and jumping from foot to foot in a kind of dance. I
was sure she would shit if she knew how obscene that looked as her pussy opened
and closed as she danced.

They let her calm down a bit while Jim asked, "How was that Mike? About the way
she did it?"

Well actually you hit a little harder than she did but she did it slower so I
couldn't get numb. You might have noticed she didn't scream as loud on the last
twenty."

"Hey thanks kid. You are teaching us a lot."

She had collapsed to her knees and was panting and sweating as much as if she
had run a mile. When her breathing got back to nearly normal Rod said, "Okay
crawl to me bitch. Your tits had better be red from dragging on the carpet or I
will make them red."

She began the crawl wincing as the wool carpet pulled her tits tight. Then got
to him and got on her knees where he inspected her tits.

"Oh yeah. Nice and red. You must have liked that. Your nipples are hard as
rocks."

"She whimpered, "No it was terrible. They did it from the pain."

He stood up and said, "Whatever.  Undo my pants and pull them down to my
ankles."

She unbuckled his belt and unzipped his fly to pull down his pants. He wasn't
wearing shorts and his dick popped out and the head snapped into his navel. It
must have been bigger than Dad's because she stared at it in awe.

He said, "I like foreplay so start out licking my balls and asshole."

She gagged at the thought but I thought it was great. Now she knew how I felt
when I had to lick Grace's asshole."

He liked a lot of foreplay. He had her lick all around the shaft of his dick and
the head before he told her to put it in her mouth. At his direction she bobbed
her head getting as much of it in her mouth as she could while her cheeks caved
in from sucking.  Finally he grsbbed her head and jammed his dick down her
throat as she gagged and beat on his legs with her fists trying to get air. He
held her like that until he could cum no more. When he let her go she threw up
on the carpet and his pants.

He said, "You will pay for that. " as he stepped out of the pants and threw them
in the corner.

Jim said, "My turn. Get over here."

She sobbed but crawled to him. Lucky for her he was really excited from watching
her do Rod so he had her put his dick in her mouth right away. His dick wasn't
as long as Rod's but it was thicker and her lips had to stretch to get around
it.

He did it different. When he came he jerked her head back by her hair and shot
cum all over her face and eyes. Then he said,"Don't waste it. use your finger to
scrape my cum off your face and lick it off the finger. That made her gag but I
guess she had already threw up all the contents of her stomach since her stomach
just convulsed with the dry heaves.

Jim said, "Do you jerk off Mike?"

"What?"

"You know. Rub your dick until you cum."

I was a little embarrassed by that since Mom had always told me it was perverted
but I answered, "Yes sometimes."

"Sure you do. All boys do but you are going to find out a blowjob is much
better. After we punish her for puking we will do a three way."

End part 3




Bitch Mom 4

When he said they would punish her for puking I said, "Her ass is probably still
pretty numb. Why don't you try the strap. It hurts a lot on the nipples and
inner thighs and stomach."

"Yeah and it will really hurt on her pussy. Okay do we tie her for that?"

"No you just make her open her legs real wide and put her hands on her head. If
she closes her legs or takes down her hands you can add five."

"Sounds good. Okay bitch get into position."

Mom whined, That is not fair. I couldn't help throwing up. His dick was deep in
my throat."

"Tough. Get into position."

I said wait. There is some preparation. I'll get the loofah."

"What the hell is a loofah."

"It is a vegetable thing. Kind of like a sponge but much sharper. Women use it
wet to take off dry skin but dry it is as rough as sandpaper."

"What do we do with it?

"You rub her skin with it to make it more sensitive for the strap."

"Mom glared at me but didn't say anything."

I got it from her bathroom and told Rod to hold her hands behind her back for
the rub since that would be easier than tying them. When he was holding her
tight I began rubbing it on her breasts and nipples while she cried and
struggled. I said, See  how red the skin is getting. It makes the skin real
sensitive. I know."

"I can see how it would."

He took the loofah from me and proceeded to rub the remaining white places on
her breasts and then her stomach and pussy and inner thighs. She really looked
red and raw. He had Rod turn her around so he could rub it up and down the crack
of her ass. Meanwhile she sobbed and whined and blubbered through the whole
ordeal.

Finally he was satisfied she was red enough and said, " I figure ten on each
tit, fifteen on her stomach, ten on each thigh, ten up the crack of her ass
while you and Rod hold it open and fifteen on her pussy. ten on each lip then
ten down the crack. That sound about right Mike?"

Actually that was more than she had hit me but I told him that would be fine.

Rod let go of her and she rubbed herself a moment before Jim said. "Get the
hands on your head."

Tears were rolling down her cheeks as she put her hands on her head then Jim
said, Open your legs."

She opened them a little but Jim kept saying wider until her feet were about
four feet apart.

She did pretty well. at a real hard one on a nipple she took down her hand which
earned her five more on the same nipple. She managed the ones to her stomach and
inner thighs with just gasps and little yips but when Rod and I pulled her ass
cheeks apart as far as we could she took down her hands on the second one to try
to pry our hands off her butt.  That earned her two more plus the five penalty
and she was panting so hard when he finished I thought she might have a heart
attack.

Jim handed me the strap and said, "Here kid. finish her off."

I guess I should have felt sorry for her since I knew how bad that hurt but all
I could think of was the years of torture she had put me through.

She took the ones on each lip pretty well with just dancing but when Rod and Jim
pulled her pussy lips open for me to strap the center she screamed at the first
one. then took down her hands and beat us with them.

She hit Jim on the ear which really pissed him off. He said, "We can't have
this. Mike, "Get some rope."

I said, "There are open beams in the garage if you plan to hang her up."

"Great. Lead the way we'll bring her."

She must have known she was in for an awful ordeal because she struggled all the
way. At the garage I got the rope and threw the ends of them over the beams
which were about eight feet apart.

She stood there shaking in fear as Jim tied the ropes to her ankles. Mean while
Rod checked out Dad's workbench.  Rod said, "Wow your Dad must have been a big
handy man and fisherman. there are tons of things here."

"Yeah he was going to come back for them but Mom got a court order that would
not let him on the property."

"Well that is good because this stuff gives me ideas."

Jim said, "Hold this bitch while I tie her hands. She is jumping around so much
I can't make a knot."

Rod went over and grabbed her tits and said, "Settle down or I will rip these
off you."

Jim tied her wrists together and then her elbows so she could not move them at
all and that made her tits push out. They laid her down then pulled down on the
ropes to lift her until her head was off the floor and tied the ends of the
ropes to hooks Dad had put in the wall.

That brought her legs apart but Rod said, "I think her pussy ought to be held
open."

He went to the fishing box and brought back four fish hooks with leaders.  He
jammed two hooks into each pussy lip while she screamed then tied the leaders
together around her thighs which pulled the lips tight up against her inner
thighs.  then he went back and came back with two visegrip pliers and made her
scream again when he clamped them on her nipples then dropped them to stretch
the flattened nipples.

Jim had found a broken fishing rod about four feet long and came back saying,
"This will make a dandy whip."

He whished it through the air and I wondered why Mom had never thought of it. It
would obviously hurt like Hell especially the line ferrule on the end.

He said, "Come here kid."

I went over to him and he pointed out a nubbin near the top of her cunt saying,
"This is her clitoris. It is a lot like the head of your dick. Watch her
reaction when the rod tip hits it."

He got behind her and aimed carefully then brought it down hard to make it sink
into her pussy with the rod end hitting her clitoris. The reaction was unreal.
She made a bloodcurdling scream and struggled to make the visegrips jump and
sway. He gave her nine more and I swear she would have fainted if her head had
not been down. She screamed herself hoarse and made the visegrips swing like
crazy.

When they let her down she passed out. They couldn't wake her even when they
pushed fish hooks through her nipples and clitoris.

Jim said, "I guess she has had it. I am afraid your blowjob will have to wait
until tomorrow.

They carried her into the house and tied her to the couch so they could have her
king size bed and we all went to sleep but not before I had jerked off with the
thought of her mouth on my dick.

End part 4




Bitch Mom 5

I got up early and went to the living room to look at her. She was lying on her
back with her legs open. I supposed she was lying like that because her crotch
was sore.She was kind of a mess with welts and bruises but no worse than I had
been sometimes and I knew she would heal. 

There was one thing different on her than anything done to me. Her pussy was one
big bruise and was all puffy. Where normally it was flat now it puffed up a good
inch and the lips were so tight even with her legs open there was just a small
slit. The fish hooks were still in it now buried in the puffy flesh. Out of
curiosity I touched it noticing a spongy feeling then slid my finger down her
slit.

That woke her up and she instinctively slapped her legs tightly together and
tried to  put her hands over her tits but the ropes on her wrist were too
short..

I said, "Don't do that. I want to look at you."

"Oh Mikey. How can you do this to me? I am your Mother."

"Easy. I just have to remember all the things you did to me. Now you know how I
felt."

"Oh Mikey. I am sorry. You have to help me. I promise I will never hurt you
again."

"I don't believe you. I know how much you like to hurt me besides what can I do?
I am just a kid and they are big men."

"Your Dad had a 22 pistol. It is on the top shelf of the bedroom closet. It is
all loaded and everything. Just get it and shoot them in their heads while they
are still asleep."

"No way. I am not going to kill anybody especially them. they have been nice to
me."

"You little bastard! Get it and kill them or when we are rescued I wil give you
more pain than you can imagine."

Rather than frighten me that just pissed me off.  I went in to their room and
woke them up then said, "Hey guys. Mom says there is a gun on the top shelf of
the bedroom closet. She wanted me to get it and kill you with it.  That should
get her some big time punishment."

Jim said, "For sure. Rod, check it out."

Rod got up and came back in a minute with the gun.  He said, "It is just a
little Ruger 22 but it could have killed us. Thanks a lot kid."

Jim said, "Yeah we will have to come up with something special but right now I
am hungry and horny. Let's have her make breakfast."

They went in and untied her and Jim told her to make a big breakfast. She made
hot cereal and bacon and eggs with toast.  Jim had her kneel by the table to
watch us eat. In a little while she said, "May I have some coffee and food? I
made plenty."

Jim poured some coffee into his empty cereal bowl and sat it on the floor then
said, "You can have some coffee but no food. We don't want to have you puking on
us again. Lap it up like the bitch you are."

She let out a little whine but bent over and lapped and sucked at the coffee.
She must have been real thirsty. It must have been real humiliating which was
great.

Jim wiped his mouth and said "It is time for the three way."

Before I could ask she said,"What is a three way?"

"Simple. One of us will fuck your pussy while the other fucks your ass and while
we do that you will blow the third."

She grimaced and said, "Oh no. Please! My vagina and anus are really sore from
that terrible whipping with the fishing rod. I'll do it later okay?"

"That N0 just earned you twenty spanks. Get up on your knees and put your hands
on your head."

"She moaned, "Please. Please." but she did it.  He said to push out her tits and
she arched her back. He said, "That looks good. If you don't keep them out that
way you will keep getting them until you do."

He picked the spatula out of the frying pan and began spanking each tit with
every one hiting a nipple. I had to give her credit. Tears flowed fom her eyes
and she gasped at each one but she kept them out.

When he stopped he said, "I am going to give you a break. You can rub them."

She gently caressed them. The nipples were sticking out like little hard ons."

Jim said, "Since you were brave about the nipple spanking I am going to give you
another break. Mike see if you have any vaseline or anthing greasy."

I ran to the bathroom and came back with the vaseline. When I came back he was
tying the fish hooks around her thighs again to open her puffy lips. He told her
to spread the vaseline in her pussy and ass hole if she wanted to avoid some
pain.

She got back on her knees with legs spread to take a finger full and began
pushing it into her pussy and then her ass. I was amazed. This was the same
woman who would not go swimming because a swimming suit showed too much and here
she was pushing vaseline in her pussy in front of two men and her son.

Jim took a couple of toothpicks and broke one in half then said,  "I am going to
give you another break. Pull a tooth pick out of my hand. If you get the short
one I fuck your ass. The long one Rod will. I promised your boy the blowjob. If
God hates you you will draw the short one. Even if your ass was well my dick
would hurt it."

She pulled a toothpick and whimpered when she saw it was obviously the short
one.

Rod laid down on his back on the floor and she squatted over him to feed his
dick inch by inch into her pussy wincing at each new inch. Then Jim pushed her
forward and he started driving his into her ass. He had to hold on to her hips
to drive it in and she squealed at his pushes. When his stomach was tight
against her ass he said, "Okay  kid. kneel by her face."

I did and she didn't have to be told what to do. She gently put my dick in her
mouth and began licking and sucking. Jim was right. A blowjob was much better
than jerking off. Even her gasps when they started pumping in to her felt good.
In a little while she seemed to get into it. She stopped gasping and began
rolling her hips and rocking back and forth on their dicks and sucked on me as
if I was the greatest popsickle in the world. It was so great even when I came
my dick stayed hard so she kept sucking it until I came again which rocked me so
much I fell back on my ass to slide my dick out of her mouth.

Without me she began bucking with a wild look on her face until they both came
and pulled out.

Jim grinned and said,"She really got into it. It felt like her ass was trying to
bite off my dick."

She blushed and said, "I don't know what happened. I never got that excited with
my husband. I guess it was because it felt so much better than being whipped."

Jim said, "Naw. I think you just like it kinky. Your husband probably just
fucked you missionary style."

She blushed but remained silent. They had her lick their dicks clean which she
did with no protest in spite of the shit and blood stains an Jim's dick.

I guess they were happy with her because they had her lie back between them on
the couch and idly caressed her tits and pussy which she obviously liked.

After a few minutes of that Jim said, "Well Mike, have you thought of a
punishment for the gun?"

She suddenly got alert and said, "Please don't punish me. I made you happy with
the fucking and I'll fuck and suck you some more if you like."

Jim said, "Naw. You have had enough fun for awhile."

I said, I can't think of something bad enough for the gun but I know something
she won't like. You remember when I told you about tying a bucket to my dick and
making me walk around the room and back to them so they could add another glass
of water? The fish hooks could hold a bucket easy."

She said alarmed, "Oh no. The weight of the bucket will rip out the hooks."

Jim said, "I'll be damned. Another no. You are a slow learner. Go get the
strap."

She whimpered but got it then said, "Please don't hit too hard. I didn't mean to
say No."

"I'll give you a break. Where do you want it. Breasts, pussy, or ass crack."

"Oh God. I am so sore. Could I have it on my stomach or back or buttcheeks. I
will take twice as many."

"Tell you what. Make it sixty so we can all have twenty and we'll do twenty on
your back, twenty on your ass and twenty on that cute flat tummy with a willow
switch and we will give you another break. we will all do it all  at once so it
will be over with quick."

"Oh God. All right. "

"Okay. Mike get a cleaver and go cut three switches off the tree."

I ran to the kitchen for the cleaver then out side to cut three switches about
four feet long. When I came back she was standing with her hands on her head and
they were teasing her by stroking her butt and stomach while describing the
welts the switches would leave on her.

She said,"I have changed my mind. I'll take the twenty on my breasts."

"Too late Babe.  Mike has gone to all the trouble of cutting the switches and
stripping off the leaves."

She continued to bargain, "How about thirty on my breasts?"

"With the switch?"

"Oh Jesus. I guess so."

"What do you think Mike?"

"Yeah. We still get ten apiece and thirty should make her tits solid red."

"Okay let's draw straws to see who whips her first and last."

We drew straws and I got last. I was happy because I knew her tits would be
super sore by then."

She continued to bargain saying, "Please tie me for it."

"No way. We are hoping you will take down your hands for another five."

Jim was first and left ten even strpes on her tits with one across both nipples.
She shrieked at each one but she had wrapped her fists around her hair and was
able to hang on.

Rod filled in the white places with another across both nipples and it was my
turn. She was panting and moaning with sweat soaking her body and running down
into her crotch.  Rod was the first to notice something. He said, "Wow her tits
have swollen. I bet she went from a C to a D cup."

He was right. They were bigger and the little sag under the bottoms was gone."

I hit hard hoping she would take down her hands but she managed to hold on
screaming at each one. Her tits had become so hard my switch only sank in a
little bit while Jim's had sunk in deep."

As soon as I dropped the switch she let go of her hair and began rubbing her
poor tits with both hands while her tears fell on them.

Jim told me to go fill a towel with ice and when I got back she was lying on her
back still rubbing her tits while Jim fucked her. Rod pulled her hands away and
I laid the icy towel on her tits. She thanked me as if she had forgotten she
would not have needed the ice if we hadn't whipped her.  Jim finished then Rod
started fucking her so I pulled her head to the side and stuck my dick in her
mouth. She began sucking as if she was dying of thirst and my dick was a water
bottle. It was great and I pulled out to shoot my cum on her face. She didn't
need to be told. she gathered it on her fingers and licked them clean as if they
had cake frosting on them.

We let her lie there and rest with the ice while Jim made sandwiches and I
poured ice tea. I gave her a glass and she thanked me as if I had done the
greatest thing in the world. I figured she needed it considering how much she
had sweat.

End part 5




Bitch Mom 6

Jim came over and said," The bitch is starting to stink from all the sweating
she has done. Let's give her a bath."

We had her stand in the tub and Jim and I washed every inch of her. She loved it
and didn't even protest when I stuck a bar of soap into her pussy to soap it up.

I got a towel but Jim said, "Leave her wet. The water evaporating will help cool
her."

We led her to the kitchen and gave her a sandwich and more ice tea. She drank
three glasses then Jim said, "feeling better?"

"Oh yes. The ice and bath helped a lot. Thank you."

"Good. I guess you are ready for the bucket."

"Oh please. Haven't you hurt me enough. I have been good and done everything you
wanted."

"Sorry. We would never have thought of the bucket if you hadn't done it to
Mike."

To my surprise she said, "Okay. I guess I deserve it."

Jim had her kneel then tied the leaders to the bucket making sure they were
equally tight. she gasped when she stood up although the bucket could not have
weighed more than a pound. Even that pulled her lips down a bit. He poured in a
glass of water and sent her on the journey around the walls of the room. We all
laughed at the funny picture she made walking spreadlegged to keep from hitting
the bucket. I was glad because they had laughed at me.  I knew it would not do
her much good. The open stance let the bucket swing back and forth and I knew
everytime it changed direction it caused a pull.

She was crying by the third trip which had brought the weight to 24 ounces plus
bucket.  On her fourth glass I noticed the holes for the hooks had opened into a
slit and her lips had been stretched about four inches.

On the ninth trip one of the hooks ripped out and with out it the other three
ripped out too to cause a bloodcurdling scream. She dropped to her knees sobbing
her heart out. We went to look at her and saw blood dripping from her pussy.

I told Jim Dad had left some kind of powder he had used to stop bleeding when he
cut himself shaving so Jim had me get it. When I got back she was lying on her
back crying with her legs open. Jim shook out some powder on the holes and it
must have burned like hell because she screamed, "I'm on fire."

We gave her a break for a few days so she could heal just having her suck us or
fuck her ass and making her beg for a spanking of her tits, stomach or ass.   I
asked her why she hated me so much all my life and she said that I was supposed
to be a girl and that she had never liked boys or men. Also I was born because
Dad had got her drunk and fucked her while she was too drunk to fight him off.
She was only sixteen so her Dad said he had to marry her or go to jail for
statutory rape. That explained a lot.

Suddenly I remembered Grace. I told Jim she had said she would call Friday to
make sure it was all right to come over on Saturday.

He said, "Oh shit. we probably won't be able to keep her for awhile. "

"I don't know why not. I heard her talking to Mom and she said she didn't talk
to her neighbors and her only friends were people on the internet who did not
know her phone number or address. She didn't work either and was homeschooling
her kid."

"That could be great.  She will probably have some money we can use when it is
safe to leave. I'll hook up the phone."

He told Mom if she touched the phone he would burn off her tits with the propane
torch he had found in the garage. She believed him and promised she wouldn't
touch it.

The next day Grace called. I said, "Mom is outside but she told me to tell you
if you called  that she was looking forward to seeing you. "

"Oh good. I have some goodies for you and I am going to bring my boy so your Mom
will have someone new to play with. I'll be over about eight AM. I wsant a lot
of time to play with you. Would she mind if I stayed longer? I have nothing
better to do?"

"Oh no. You can stay as long as you want."

"Well I don't know if she wants me that long. I have enough ideas to last a
month."

"She said she wished you could move in with us so that would not be a problem."

She laughed and said, " At least you will have another kid to play with."

It was all I could do to be pleasant to the bitch but Jim and Rod were happy.

Jim said they would hide in the bedroom peeking through the doorand that I
should take her to the kitchen to get her away from the front door.

She came promptly at eight and I let her in. She led in her boy with a chain to
a collar on his neck and he was struggling to carry a huge bag of her torture
things.  He was about my age maybe thirteen and looked  like he may be a little
fat because he was wearing a huge shirt and oversize pants.

I asked her to go to the kitchen to see Mom but she said, "In a minute. I want
you to see your new playmate. Strip for us."

He made no protest unbuttoning the shirt and pulling it off. The boy had tits!
and when he dropped the pants I saw it was not a boy at all. She had a totally
hairless pussy with red dots around it I correctly assumed were made with a lit
cigarette. Grace had her get on all fours and led her toward the kitchen.

As soon as she was close Jim jumped out of the bedroom holding the gun and
said,"Freeze Bitch!"

She froze and then Mom came out of the kitchen naked as usual. When she saw all
the whip marks on Mom she said,"Oh my God. Who are these people and what did
they do to you."

Mom said, "They are convicts. I would have warned you if I could."

"O my God the story was on the news. The cops think they are in California.
Someone stole a car in Walla Walla and they found it in San Francisco. They
thought the convicts stole it. Oh my God they are terrible people. They have
killed four people plus a prison guard when they escaped."

Jim said, "Thanks for the news. We know now we are safe here for awhile and when
we leave it sure as hell won't be to California.

"Omigod. My big mouth has got us in trouble. You must have tried to escape to
have them beat yu that way.

"Actually I am being punished for mistreating Mikey."

"Oh no. Like I mistreat Steph?"

Jim said, "You got it bitch. You are our next victim and since you are such a
homely bitch it won't matter if we scar you."

Actually she wasn't that bad if she hadn't been so fat and wore such ugly
clothes.

Jim said, "Strip Bitch. I want you to know your place right away. You are now a
slave."

She said,"I won't fight you. I don't want to be hurt."

She took off her clothes and Jim looked at her in disgust and said, "Shit you
need to lose forty pounds and you may before we leave."

Meanwhile Rod was looking through her bag and said, This has gotta be a bitch
from hell. "Look at this shit she has."

He pulled out a whip made of wire cable.  Steph said, She uses that on my ass.
See what it does."

She turned around to show long scars on her ass and thighs.

He pulled out four big fish hooks that must have been used for big fish like
Tarpon.

Steph said, "she uses them to hang me from the ceiling by my pussy and boobs.
See the holes."

There were holes through her nipples and pussy lips.

He pulled out a wand thing and Steph said. "It is a shocker with 20,000 volts.
She sticks it in my pussy or ass. It is so bad that sometime I faint.

He pulled out the snake whip and Steph said she makes me whip myself with that
and if I don't do it hard enough she uses it on my nipples and pussy.

I said, I recognize that. She made me use it on myself."

"Terrible isn't it. You don't want to hit so hard but you know if you don't it
will be twice as bad."

"Yeah I made big welts on myself."

He pulled out a box of thumbtacks. Steph said, "She lays them out on the floor
after marking where my boobs and pussy will lie then I have to lay on them and
try to stick them all into my boobs and pussy. It is real hard since they are
dull but any not stuck in me when I get up gets me five swats with the strap 
for each one left. Then she pushes them  all up to the head  then hits me on the
tacks. It is really terrible.

Rod said, "How old are you kid?"

"Almost thirteen."

"You have big tits for a girl so young."

"They aren't normally this big. She bought some bags of sterile saline solution
and every night she sticks a big syringe in my tits and fills them with salt
water. She says when my tits get to "D" cup size she is going to take pictures
of me for the internet.  She thinks nobody would think a thirteen year old would
have such big tits. I am almost there with a 'C' cup.

"That explains these."  He held up a big syringe with a large needle and a bag
of solution.

"Yeah. She said she was going to tie Mike's dick up into the crack of his butt
then shoot solution in the skin  nesr the base of his dick to make him look like
a girl. Maybe even give him breasts."

"What caused the scars on your pussy?"

"She burned me with a cigarette. I had to beg her to brn me again for six times
or else she said she would burn my little nubbin."

"Whats a nubbin?"

"Oh you know it is this real sensitive thing right here."

She put her finger on her clitoris.

Jim said, "That is your clitoris. It is kind of like the head of a boys dick."

"Whatever. It feels great to rub it but it hurt like hell when she stuck needles
in it."

"Did she have you do sex things?"

"Not lately with men.  She had a boyfriend for a while until he left town. She
would have me sit on his dick and bounce while she whipped my tits until he
came. He made my ass bleed everytime but I kind of miss him because now the only
sex thing is licking her hairy stinky pussy."

"Anyone else?"

"Not for sex. She met my teacher online whenI was still going to school and she
told him whenever I got bad grades he could spank me. He never gave me a good
grade and would come to our house and spank me naked with a skinny cane that
really hurt. He is gone now though. He spanked another girl that told on him and
he was fired."

He pulled out what looked like a rubber dick with a bulb at the end of a tube.

"Oh that is for Mike. She sticks it in my ass then pumps the bulb to make it
bigger until my ass is bleeding. She has stretched my ass so much any of you
could fuck my ass."

Jim said, "Oh yeah. Check this out."

He pulled out his dick that was super hard and showed it to her."

She said, "No problem. You can fuck my ass if you want. I like it even when my
boobs are whipped."

He said. "I'm not into little girls but Mike would probably like it.  Any
problem with thst?"

"No. He is cute. and my pussy is still small for him and her boyfriend said I
was a good cocksucker."

Boy that made my day.

Jim said, "Would you like to get even with your Mom?"

"I would be scared to hurt her because she would get back at me twice but I
don't care what you do to her. Kill her if you want then I can go live with my
Dad."

Grace yelled, "You little bitch. I'll make you sorry!"

Jim said,"No you won't!  Grab her Rod."

She fought but was not strong enough to get away. they tied her hands behind her
back and dragged her out to the garage while Steph and I carried her bag.

Steph asked, "will they really hurt her bad?"

"Oh yeah."

"Good."

They got the big hooks out of her bag and jammed them through her nipples and
cuntlips while she screamed and bawled. They tied her tit hooks to a rope and
pulled them up until they were shaped like a cone and nearly to her eyes before
Jim said the holes are tearing and quit. Then they ran a rope between her legs
and over two beams and pulled her up in the air with all her weight on the
stickery hemp rope until her feet were about two feet off the ground.  That
loosened her tits so they pulled them up again until she was shrieking.

Jim said, "Do you have any of the skewers they use for roasting turkeys?"

I said,"Sure and ran to the house to get them. Mom was sitting in a corner
crying. I guess she thought she woud be next but she was okay. Jim and Rod
wanted someone to fuck.

I brought back six skewers which Jim shoved completely through her tits.
Amazingly there was not much blood but it obviously hurt a lot.


They tied a five gallon bucket to her cunt hooks then got a hose and started
filling it with water watching with great interest as her cuntlips stretched
unbelievably then stopped. when the bucket was almost full the hooks tore out.

Jim said, "Tough pussy I was wondering if we would need two buckets."

They got some pliers and pulled out her clitoris until it looked like a dick and
then stuck a nail through it.  That made her faint so they threw cold  water on
her till she woke up and began yelling again.  They took some baling wire and
wrapped it aroud her clit above the nail then tied the wire to the bucket.  They
began filling the bucket. It was amazing. Her clit stretched almost as long as
my dick but the nail did not tear out even with a full bucket.

Jim looked at her and said, "Rod I hate hairy pussies. Don't you?"

"Yeah there is a gas can in the corner."

She began yelling, "No No." but they poured gas over her pussy and lit it.

Steph said, "Good. That is worse than a cigarrete."

The hair burned off instantly and her pussy and clit turned dark red before the
flame went out. She passed out again but Rod found some smelling salts in her
bag which brought her around.

Jim said,"Her pussy should be real sensitive now."

He took out the wire cable whip and whipped her pussy until blood was running
off of it and she passed out again.

They revived her again then Rod said," Lets weaken that clit a little. He took a
hacksaw and slowly cut it until the bucket ripped off the remainder while she
screamed hoarsly.

Then he jerked out the rope going into her cunt slit and sawed it off. She
dropped like a rock and ripped the hooks out of both nipples. She laid on the
floor moaning.


Rod told her to get up but she just moaned so he got the cattle prod and jammed
it into her pussy and pushed the button. She screamed but just thrashed around
so he stuck it against one of her bloody nipples. When he hit the button she
made a gurgling sound and died.

Jim said, "Shit!  She must have had a weak heart from carrying all that flab.
Sorry about your Mom Steph."

"Don't be sorry. It is the best thing that could happen to me. No more torture
and now I can go live with my Dad."


end part six




Bitch Mom 7

They dragged Grace out to some soft dirt and buried her then we went back to the
house. Jim threw away the cattle prod saying, "I don't want to kill Helen."

That made Mom relax a bit.

When we got to the house Steph said, "I am real grateful. Can I show you what a
good cocksucker I am."

Jim said,"why don't you show Mike. I am still training Helen."

Steph said, "Do you want to."

"Yeah. In a minute. I want to see what they are going to do to Mom."

They had her get on hands and knees and Jim got some map pins.

Jim said, "Here is the deal. Rod is going to fuck your ass while you suck my
dick. To make you really try to do good I am going to stick these map pins in
your tits until I cum.  When I cum we wil count the pins in your tits and that
is how many swats you are going to get on your pussy with the strap."

Mom nodded and at the first pin started sucking him frantically. He put pins in
her tits as fast as he could get them out of the box.

She did good it didn't take long for him to cum and they had to wait for Rod to
finish  but when she leaned back there were thirty pins in her tits.

He got a pillow to put on the coffee table to put her ass on to lift it and
pulled her legs out on each side of the table. He had her hook her thumbs in her
cunt lips to hold them open. You could see all the pink inside and her clit
bulging at the top.

He didn't hit her real hard but that must have been real sensitive because she
was sobbing and blubbering. After fifteen he sat on her tits and began hitting
in the other direction with the end hitting her puckered anus. she only let the
lips get away from her once and quickly pulled them open again. When he quit her
pussy was a purplish red and really swollen.

Steph said, "Wow. She is really brave.  Mom had to tie my legs open for pussy
spankings."

"Yeah but He probably didn't hit as hard as your Mom."

"Maybe. Are you ready for your blowjob now? If I don't do a good job you can
spank my pussy."

"Oh yeah."  I dropped my pants and she had me sit in the easy chair saying she
wanted me real comfy so I could last a long time.

She was unreal. Much better than Mom. She could make her tongue flutter against
the head of my dick then take it so deep in her throat the muscles of her neck
would squeeze it when she swallowed. It was by far the best sex ever.

"Do you want to spank my pussy?"

God no! That was fantastic."

"I think I would like you to do it. there is a whip in the bag made of rubber
bands that isn't bad. In fact it was not bad enough for her to ever use it
again."

The idea of spanking that cute little pussy excited me and I said, "Are you
sure?"

"Uh huh. If it hurts too bad I will tell you and you will stop. Right?"

"Sure."

She went to the bag and got the whip and a couple of paper clamps. She clamped
one on each lip and said, "I can hold it open better with these."

She put her ass on the arm of the couch and fell back to the seat to make like a
back bend the grabbed the clamps and pulled open the lips. I could see deep
inside her. I asked her how many and she told me just to do it until she told me
to stop.

I began hitting her pretty easy with the ends of the rubber bands hitting her
clit and soon I noticed the bands were getting wet. Then she moaned, "Harder." 
I hit harder and in a little while her brathing became more rapid then her body
convulsed and she moaned "Stop."

I quit and she grinned at me and said, "I really came hard. I was not sure that
would happen."

It turned out she was so used to pain she liked it with sex. When she was on top
she would have me spank her tits and when I butt fucked her she would tell me to
pinch her nipples and clit.

In a few days her tits began getting smaller and she asked me to pump them up
again. She didn't even whimper when the needle went in and she had me give her
four injections to get them tight again.

One day Mom said, "I have learned to fuck and suck cock really good. They like
me now. I am only getting one torture per day. I know they won't kill me and
then you will get yours."

I told them what she said  and Jim said, "She is kidding herself. I have just
been easy to get her well enough for the gun torture."

I said, "I have an idea. She made me straddle the electric fence. It made my
balls ache for hours."

"Hell of an idea. It is raining outside. It will make a great ground for the
electricity."

They grabbed her arms and dragged her outdoors while she whined that she was
afraid of electricity. Jim had me turn off the fence while he tied her wrists
behind her back then they lifted her up and pulled a leg over the fence. When
they let her down the wire stretched enough to let her toes touch the ground but
it was tight enough to cause a wrinkle at the top of her slit and fit tight
against her tailbone.

Jim had me turn on the fence and it was easy to tell when the pulses of
electricity hit her by her squeals and the way her stomach convulsed. Her
squeals stopped in a little while and then we noticed juice dripping from her
pussy.

Jim said, "Shit kid. This is no good. She is getting off on it."

"Yeah, I guess it is different for girls not having balls."

I turned off the power and they lifted her off. She had the same look on her
face that she got when they were fucking her.

They took her to the barn and hung her up by her wrists then tied her ankles to
the walls to force her into a severe split.

Jim said, "You had no right to get off on the electricity. I'll bet you don't
get off on the wire."

He picked up a piece of barbed wire about six feet long and began beating her
with it from her neck to her ankles front and back then finished with ten more
up into her pussy while she screamed and bled from hundreds of punctures. Then
he folded the wire and jammed it deep into her pussy making blood drip from it.
He took another piece of wire and jammed it up her ass.

Then he said, "Since she tolerated the electric fence let's see how she likes
110 volts."

He stripped the insulation off an extention cord and wrapped the bare wires
around the barb wire in her ass and pussy.  When he plugged it into an outlet
she made a blood curdling scream and her body began to convulse. The lips of her
pussy reddened and turned black as we realized the juice was cooking her.
Suddenly her head dropped and Jim unplugged her.

He went to her and put his ear to her chest then said, "Shit. I left it on too
long. The bitch is dead. That's okay. It was time we hit the road anyway. Give
us a few hours to get away before calling the cops. Okay kid?"

"Hell I will give you a week. You really did me a favor."

"Okay kid. You are all right."

They dragged her out in the woods but didn't bother to bury her. I got the keys
to our car and helped them load enough food and drinks to last them a week and
filled two five gallons cans of gas for them so they would not have to stop for
gas until they were out of the state. As an afterthought I told them to rip out
the phone and take it with them.

Steph and I played for a week. She loved being my love slave and agreed to
anything I wanted and some things I would never have thought of. Then we both
wanted to be back with our Dad's so we walked into town and told the cops what
had happened except we said they had just left a few hours ago.

They found the bodies then sent us to a home for awhile while psychiatrists
convinced us that we had done nothing wrong and had to forget our horrible
experience.  Best of all they told our Dad's that we had a special bond and that
we should be allowed to visit with each other.

We get together pretty often and usually have time to ourselves to play some
more.

Life is good. Our Dad's treat us nice even taking us to Disneyland to help us
forget. I may never forget but feel no guilt since my bitch Mom deserved
everything she got.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





