BDSM Library - Bound to Please




Bound to Please
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She is a beautiful but spoiled and bratty young girl. One day her father lost his job changed her life. Now her teacher got the chance to punish her for teasing him so cruelly.
**********************************************************************
WARNING:
	This story is a work of fiction and should be treated as such.
	The following story contains descriptions of explicit sex.  
	If you are not an adult or reading descriptive sex stories upset 
	you, do not read any further.	
**********************************************************************




Bound to Please
by RD
rdragon@ix.netcom.com

Chapter 1

Pam was used to getting her own way.  She had been a very spoiled and bratty
child.  The fact that she had been a strikingly pretty little girl with very
long blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes, and perfect creamy skin led many people
to ignore her lack of manners.  As she developed into a beautiful young woman
with a very curvy body and a beautifully swelling bust line that seemed
incredibly voluptuous on her 5' 1"  body, the situation just got worse. She was
slender, with a flat tummy and a tight, but curvy bottom.  She was the kind of
woman who makes men get a hard-on just by being alive, bringing out the kind of
lust that turns a man's cock to steel and his brain to mush.

Since she weighed only 95 pounds, she made a man wonder where in her tiny body
she would possibly find room for his cock, but the desire to find out was almost
unbearable.  When she walked by in a tight dress with a short skirt or tight
jeans, it made a man short of breath and made him feel his insides were being
ripped out.  She walked with that gentle sway of her hips that says, "I am not a
tramp, but I'm all the woman you can handle, if I should choose to let you
handle me."  Her sexuality was not overt, but it was very powerful all the same.

All through school, Pam could get what ever she wanted by giving either her
parents or her teachers a big smile.

In junior high, she found that if she wore the right clothes and bent toward
them a little when she asked, she could get anything she wanted from any of the
male teachers.

Since she looked very small and helpless to her male teachers, they wanted to
take care of her like a daughter, but at the same time, they longed to fill her
young body with hard cock, squeeze her tits and suck her nipples.  She had the
most exciting figure her teachers had ever seen, and it drove them crazy knowing
that her lush body and powerful sexuality was forbidden fruit they could never
possess.

Pam talked her father into insisting she be assigned to a male counselor during
her freshman year, and after that, she was able to get her schedule set up so
thatshe had only male Pam did not have any boy friends because she was so bossy
and selfish that none of the boys would put up with her.  Because she always
wanted to run things, none of the girls would have anything to do with her
either.  Pam didn't really care though because she thought she was above all of
their childish antics.  Besides, she was going to be a serious actress, and she
did not have time to waste on them.  She worked herself into the favor of the
drama teacher, and every year she had been picked for the female lead in every
single production. She much preferred to discuss the classic ways to play a
character with the drama teacher than gossip with girls about which boys they
were dating, or wanted to date, or how far a girl had let her boyfriend go last
Saturday, or who wasn't a virgin any more after the prom. Pam though her life
would go on just as it was until she graduated.  She was trying to make plans
for the future, but she did not know what she wanted to do. She knew she could
talk her father into just about anything, but she was not sure what she wanted
to talk him into.

She thought about going to college and continuing her drama studies, she thought
about going to New York and taking acting classes while she tried to break into
Broadway.  She thought about going to Los Angeles and trying to get into movies. 
All of these sounded like good ideas, so Pam was not thinking about which she
would rather do, she was thinking about were it would be easiest to use her
looks to get what she wanted.  Unfortunately for Pam, the world is always
changing, and something was about to change her life forever.

One day Pam came home from school and was shocked to find that her father was
already home.  He did not look well, and at first, Pam thought he must be sick. 
When he asked the family to sit down around the kitchen table, Pam knew
something was very, very wrong.  The first thought she had was that her parents
were getting a divorce.  Her next thought was that she would choose daddy to
live with because he could not say, "NO" to her. Before her thoughts had raced
off in that direction too far, her father pulled her attention back.  He looked
down at the table and said quietly, "My company was bought out by a Japanese
firm today.

They are sending a new management team from their home office to take over.  I
will get a few thousand dollars severance pay, but basically, as of Monday, I am
out of a job. The market is so bad, I don't think I can find anything right
away.

In fact, it may take over a year to find a comparable position. " Then he made
Pam give him ALL of her credit cards.  He looked very sad as he cut them into
little pieces, but Pam had more respect for him at that moment than she had in
her entire life.  He went on to tell the family that they would have to sell the
house and move into an apartment to save money.  Also, they would be selling his
Jag, his wife's BMW, and Pam's ZR1 Vette.  He had already made a deal for a
Festiva for the family, and he told Pam she would just have to ride the school
bus.

Pam and her mother both started to cry.  "How will I be able to face my friends
at school?" Pam sobbed. Her father looked at her sadly, and said, "Pam, if you
get an after school job, you might be able to make enough to pay for some school
clothes that aren't from K-mart."  Pam scowled, but she knew she would have to
follow her father's suggestion if she wanted any decent clothes to wear.  The
family agreed that while Paul looked for a new job, Pat would go apply for a job
training program.  Pam would stay in school, but she would try to work a few
hours a week to help with her expenses.

Pam launched herself into her drama activities at school with even more
enthusiasm than usual.  Her teacher told her that her practice scenes were
better than anything she had ever done before. Pam enjoyed teasing her male
teachers.  She liked sitting with her short skirt pulled up just a little too
much, and her knees just a little too far apart. Watching the male teachers try
to keep from staring was really amusing.  Of course none of them were able to
keep from looking, and some of the lame dodges they used to try to see far
enough up her skirt to tell if she was wearing panties were really hilarious. 
They looked like the character John Candy played in "Splash", throwing coins on
the floor for an excuse to bend down to get a better look up her skirt.

Pam started taking her anger at her parents out on her poor teachers by shooting
beaver at them more often and more openly than ever before.  She started wearing
red panties one day, then black lace ones the next so that the men were a wreck
at the end of class from wondering if she was flashing a naked crotch at them. 
She started wearing hose and  garter belts instead of panty hose to make the
glimpses she gave them even more exciting.  She also started wearing very low
cut bras that pushed her breasts up and in so that she had an even more exciting
cleavage to show off. She started wearing sweaters and blouses that were much
lower cut than anything she had ever worn before.  Pam played with her teachers
unmercifully.  She would bend over their desks to hand in a paper.   The
neckline of her top would fall forward so that they could not help seeing down
her top to the lacy bra and the swell of the tops of the creamy mounds of her
breasts.

Sometimes the bra would hang down a little so that the teacher would nearly be
panting with desire because he could see all the way to her erect nipples of her
size 34 C breasts. In more than one class, the poor teacher had not been able to
get up from his desk after Pam handed in her paper. She also liked to drop her
paper and then bend down to pick it up so that her tight little ass was turned
toward the frustrated teacher.  She would bend down so that he could see her
panties as the short skirt rode up in back.  The sight of the tops of her hose
and the garter belt drove the teachers crazy too.  Pam knew that since she was
still a minor, none of them would try anything with her, so she felt completely
safe, though she teased them unmercifully.

Pam teased her drama teacher worse than any of the others. Peter Stone was
young, he was rich, and he was very good looking.  One day, Peter told Pam to
stay after class.  She was excited because she thought he was going to tell her
she had the lead for the spring play.  Pam was smiling as Peter told her to sit
down.  She had especially enjoyed teasing him because he seemed to get so
embarrassed from not being able to keep his eyes off her.  She also liked to
talk to him, and then bend over so that he could not help but see down her
blouse.  He would get so flustered, he would have trouble talking, and
sometimes, he even stuttered.  It gave Pam a warm feeling inside to know she had
the looks and body to attract such a handsome man.  It gave her a confidence in
her femininity and sexuality that the attention of boys her own age never could.
Now, as Pam sat looking at Peter, all she could think about was how far she
could go teasing him now that the rest of the class was gone.  Before she could
think how she was going to torture him today, Peter began talking to her in a
tone she had never heard before.  He sounded so strong and powerful, not at all
like the weak, wimpy professor type she had believed him to be.

Now, she felt a whole new set of emotions as he began speaking to her.  "Pamela,
I know about your father's business troubles.  I know you have had to move out
of your house, and I know your father had to sell your Corvette.  I also know
you are supposed to be looking for an after school job."

Pam gasped when she heard how much he already knew. "Yes, Mr. Stone." was all
she could think to say. Her teacher smiled at her and  said, "You are going to
start working at my house every day after school.  I need a maid to keep the
place tidy, and I think the uniform I have for you will fit perfectly."

Pam gave her teacher a haughty sneer and said, "There is no way in the world you
can make me work as a maid!"  Mr. Stone laughed at Pam so that his pretty
student began to squirm in her seat a little.  "I'm sure your parents would like
to know how you behave around school.  In fact, I am sure your mother would
really love to know how good you are at shooting beaver at your male teachers.
Then too, it would be a shame for the school's leading lady to miss out on the
spring play because she failed drama, now wouldn't it, dear." Pam shuddered as
she realized that she had lost control of this man.  She knew she would have to
do exactly as he said for the rest of the year if she wanted to pass his class. 
She was also afraid he might talk to her other teachers to get them to help him
teach her a lesson.  The though of having to behave and do her work in all of
her classes made Pam shudder. "That's right Pam, you should be afraid." he said
with an evil grin.

"When do you want me to report for work?" Pam asked.  "You have 15 minutes to
walk to my house after school." Mr. Stone said quietly.  I will expect you to
present yourself at the servant's entrance in the back, promptly at 4:00 PM.  I
will show you to the room, where you will change into your uniform. You will
then go to my study.  I will be waiting for you there. I will inspect you for
proper cleanliness and make sure the uniform fits you properly.  If it does not,
I will mark it for alterations.  When that is done, I will show you around the
house, and instruct you in your duties. You will work until 5:45.  At that time
you will set the table in the dining room with one place setting at the head of
the table.  You will set up everything so that you can start serving dinner at
6:00 precisely.  You will make sure that hot dishes stay hot and cold dishes
stay cold. Every dish of each course must be at the correct temperature when you
place it on my plate or in my bowl.  All beverages must be at the correct
temperature when you pour.  Keep in mind that I will check these things, and
that I do not tolerate less than perfect service.  You will stand beside my
chair so that you will be able to keep my glass full at all times.  You will
call me either Master, Sir, or at the very least, Mr. Stone.  Do you understand,
Pamela?"

Again, "Yes Mr. Stone." was all she could think to say.

"All right, Pamela, I shall expect you at exactly 4 o'clock.

You may go now."  Mr. Stone said.

Pam felt strange for the rest of the day.  One part of her was very frightened. 
Another part seemed to be excited by the fact Stone anymore.  Even more exciting
was the knowledge that he had a great deal of power over her now.  As she walked
to the Stone mansion, Pam told herself she would be respectful, speak only when
spoken to, never give an opinion unless asked, and in general, give Mr. Stone no
reason to want to punish her.

Pam arrived at the servant's entrance five minutes early, but she simply stood a
4 o'clock to press the bell. She was shivering as she waited for Mr. Stone to
answer the door, and her imagination was running wild.

She knew the fact that yesterday was her 18th birthday might change how Mr.
Stone treated her, and what he expected from her. She knew he was going to
punish her well for teasing him so cruelly, but she wondered if she would like
it better if he punished her by taking her virginity instead of making her clean
toilets.  She knew she hated the kind of cleaning he would want her to do, and
she had started to think more and more often about what it would feel like to
have a hard cock pushing into her, ripping through her hymen, and filling up the
aching emptiness of her tight little cunt.  Pam wanted to cry because she knew
she would not have any say in how she was punished, and that Mr. Stone would do
exactly what he wanted with her. Mr. Stone opened the door and ushered the
nervous girl into the mansion.  He turned without a word, and led her down a
long hall.  He stopped and opened a door at the end of the hall, and motioned
her inside.  The room was very nicely decorated. Pam saw that it was furnished
with fine Early American pieces.  The bed looked even bigger than King size, and
was covered with a quilted spread that had a pink rose bud design.  The bed was
turned down on one side so that the matching sheets and pillow cases which had a
white lace border, could be seen.  The curtains also carried the same pattern
and the same delicate white lace border. Carefully laid out at the foot of the
bed was the maid's uniform. The moment Pam saw it, she knew Mr. Stone was going
to want full service from her, not just maid service.  There was the traditional
"French Maid" uniform with its tiny skirt and low neck line, but the white,
ruffled panties she expected were missing.  Instead, Pam saw a black lace
bustier with satin half cups and garters.  She looked carefully, but could not
see any kind of panties at all, not even a G-string.  The girl hoped her new
employer had planned to let her wear her own white cotton briefs, but somehow,
she was sure her "little girl" underwear did not fit into her teacher's plans
for her.

As she continued to look at the uniform, she could see the black opera hose were
real silk, and the black patent leather shoes on the floor at the foot of the
bed had the highest, skinniest heels Pam had ever seen.  She did not want to
take off her school clothes and put on this costume, but Mr. Stone gave her
instructions, and she found that she felt compelled to obey him completely.
"Take off all of your clothes and hang them neatly in your closet Pamela." he
had said.  "Then go take a bath, not a shower. You will wash yourself
thoroughly. When you are finished washing, push the button at the back of the
tub, and Agnes, my house keeper will dry you, fix your hair and nails, help you
dress, and choose a perfume for you.  You will only wear items of clothing that
I have provided, and you will not put on a single item of your school clothes. 
Is that perfectly clear Pamela?" His words made Pam shiver.

"I will be waiting for you in my study.  Do not dawdle.  I will tell you now
that you will be staying here until all of your duties are done perfectly. 
There will be no advantage in taking a long time preparing yourself, so do not
keep me waiting long."  Again, the tone of command was so strong that Pam felt
herself shaking from the sound of her drama teacher's voice.

Pam was expecting Mr. Stone to stay and watch her change into the maid's
uniform, or to try to seduce her after her bath, or even to rape her while she
was naked and helpless.  When he told her a woman would dress her, Pam was
astonished. She felt relieved that he would not rape her, but frustrated that he
did not seem anxious to take her.  She had never met a man with such control, or
felt such a sense of pure power about a man, and now her curiosity about sex and
her growing desire to lose her virginity made her angry at Mr. Stone for
ignoring her obvious feminine beauty and her developing sexuality. She wanted to
do something to get his attention.  One part of her wanted to get him hot, then
leave him as frustrated as she now felt.  Another part of her wanted to drive
him so wild that he would not take "NO" for an answer. She wanted to arouse him
to the point that he would not be able to stop if she should try to refuse. In
the end, Mr. Stone solved her dilemma for her by telling her to prepare herself
quickly, then he turned and went down the hall toward his study. Pam heard the
door latch behind him, and she went to lock it from the inside.  She experienced
a severe panic attack when she discovered that there was no way to bolt the door
from the inside, and that the door was locked from the outside, so that she
could not leave.

Pam wondered if Mr. Stone had video cameras hidden in the room so that he could
watch her and  see her body when she undressed.  Pam decided none of that really
mattered, and so she began to follow the instructions he had given her.

When she opened the closet to hang up her school clothes, she found that all her
other clothes were hanging there. Pam was confused by now, so she tried not to
think, and just did exactly as she had been told.

There were hampers marked for the type of clothing and the type of washing each
would receive.  Pam sorted her clothes into the proper hampers.

She went into the bath and found it much larger and more elegant than she had
expected.  The tub was huge, and she started the hot water running into it
immediately.  She found a wonderful collection of bath oils, and she chose one
she knew was so expensive her father would not have been able to afford it even
before he lost his company.  Pam put in just a little more than the directions
called for so that she would be sure to get the full effect and benefit.  The
fragrance filled the room, and made it seem that she was in a tropical garden.
Pam slid down into the bath and let the water caress her skin while the warmth
and fragrance relaxed her body and her mind.  She quickly washed herself with
soap that matched the scent of the bath oil. When she finished, her body felt
clean and wonderfully pampered.  She washed her hair with a salon formula
shampoo that only very special clients were allowed to purchase, at a suitably
ridiculous price.  When she finished rinsing out the excess conditioner, Pam
felt more alive, and definitely more female than she had in her life. Suddenly
she felt chilly, and remembered that she had not been able to find any towels.

She pushed the button at the back of the tub, and an older woman's voice
answered.  "This is Agnes, Miss."  The woman sounded friendly and cheerful. Pam
was afraid Mr. Stone would punish her  even more if she was not polite, so she
thought carefully, and then she said,  "Agnes, this is Pam. Would you please
bring me some clean towels and help me get ready?"  "Of course dear, I'll be
right there." the house keeper responded.

Pam looked up to see a panel in the back of her closet swinging shut, and a tiny
woman carrying a tall stack of towels coming toward her.

Agnes put the pile in the linen closet, then took the top towel and wrapped it
around Pam's dripping body.  She took another and began to dry the girl's thick,
long hair. The towels were bigger and softer than any Pam had ever seen, and
they had a wonderful, fresh smell.  Pam felt even more relaxed and feminine as
Agnes dried her, fixed her hair, and shaped and polished her nails.  In fact,
she felt very elegant. Agnes helped Pam into the bustier, and made adjustments
with laces and hooks so that it fit her body perfectly.

Pam was very nervous about the half cups.  The thought that her breasts would be
supported but uncovered worried her.  What kind of pervert was Mr. Stone anyway?
she thought. Then Agnes helped her slide the silk stockings on.  They felt
delicious as they glided up her legs.  Pam was amazed at how long they were. 
Most of the hose she had did not fit her very well because her legs were longer
and more slender than the proportions of most women her height.  These seemed as
if they had been made just for her.  The hose tops were so high on her thighs
that Agnes hand brushed against the golden curls of Pam's silky pubic hair when
she fastened the garters for her.  Pam jumped from the touch, but then she
relaxed again because it was clearly an accident.

Next Agnes showed her how to put on the maid's uniform without mussing her hair. 
Finally, Pam stepped into the shoes. She took a few wobbly practice steps to
make sure she would be able to walk in heels that were at least twice as high as
the tallest she had ever worn.  Pam knew she was not going to be graceful  when
she walked, and she was afraid Mr. Stone would make fun of her lack of
sophistication, but she was relieved to find that the shoes did not hurt her
feet, and that her balance was good enough that she didn't have to worry about
falling down.

"Agnes, could I please put my own bra and panties on?"

Pam asked.  Her nipples were erect and standing out, and she felt like she could
not get herself dry between her legs.  She felt like she must be making squishy
sounds when she walked, because it felt that wet between the outer lips of her
pussy. "No dear." Agnes replied.  "You must learn to do exactly what Master
Peter tells you."  Pam frowned, then she said, "I am trying to learn, but this
is all so new to me, I need your help."

Agnes smiled at her and said, "Just do everything Mr. Stone asks you to do, and
do it exactly the way he says to. If you do those two things, everything will be
wonderful for you dear."

Pam looked at herself in the mirror, and she was amazed at the transformation
Agnes had worked on her.  Her coltish cuteness was gone, and before the mirror
stood the truly beautiful woman she was becoming.  Her hair was up, so that her
neck, throat, and breasts were perfectly displayed, but her hair did not look
sprayed in place.  Her blonde tresses still looked like they would form a soft,
silken cloud around her pretty face if the pins that held her hair in place were
removed. The cosmetics Agnes had used were of such high quality, and so
skillfully applied, that it looked as if she was not wearing any make-up at all,
except for the deep red of the lipstick that made her lips instantly capture the
eyes.

Pam's full, red lips seemed to be the center of her face, and held the focus so
powerfully, that indeed, they seemed to be the very center of her being.  Pam
was both pleased and disturbed by her appearance.  All the changes that day had
left her confused.  She wondered why Mr. Stone wanted her to bathe before she
started learning her duties. If she was going to be cleaning house, she would
just get dirty again.  She was bewildered by the luxury of the bath and the
cosmetics provided for her to use.  One usually saves such expensive things for
a mistress, while a maid would be given something inexpensive and more practical
to use. She was angry that Mr. Stone intended to humiliate her by making her
wear this ridiculous and obscene costume.  Forcing her to serve him with her
nipples and most of her breasts exposed was bad enough, but forbidding her to
wear panties when the skirt of her uniform only covered half of her bottom was
almost more than she could bear. Every time she bent to dust, clean, or serve
dinner her teacher would be able to see all of her bare bottom, and most of the
time he would also be able to see the crotch she had been flashing to torment
him for her own amusement, but now it would be totally naked, and the uniform
skirt would hide even less than her miniskirts.  She had badly misjudged what
kind of man she was dealing with, she knew now, because he had made it clear he
was going to make her pay in full for her fun.

Pam knew she must be strong and go through with this so that Mr. Stone would not
tell her parents about her terrible behavior.  "After all," she thought, "how
long can he keep me here?"  She was sure he would be done punishing her tonight,
and then he would leave her alone if she behaved herself in class.  Pam knew she
could get through anything, no matter how rough, if it was only going to last
one night! Agnes looked Pam over from head to toe, then smiled at her handiwork
and said, "You'll do dear. Now go stand by the door and wait for James to guide
you to Master Peter's study." Pam was still frightened by the fact that the door
to the room was locked from the outside.   She took a deep breath, and forced
herself to walk to the door. As Pam stood waiting, all of her confusion and all
her fears came back so strongly, she was not able to clear her mind. She
wondered why she was given such a beautiful room to change in, when any bathroom
or closet in the house would have served for a girl who was only going to work
after school.  The thing that bothered her most was that Mr. Stone knew her
exact dress and shoe size.  It was too strange that every part of the costume
fit her as if it had been custom made.

The height of the heels made it seem like hours, but in reality, it was only a
few seconds later when the door opened very slowly and quietly.




 CHAPTER 2


 A tall, muscular man stood just outside the doorway. He seemed to be about the
same age as Mr. Stone, and he had a handsome face that seemed very calm and
friendly.

"I am James, the butler and chauffeur he said in a deep, quiet voice.  "I am to
escort you to Mr. Stone's study.  Please take my arm Miss, and walk with me." 
Pam took small, careful steps to position herself beside James.  She took his
arm, and they walked down the hall with the slow, measured steps used by butlers
all over the world for hundreds of years.  Pam concentrated on moving in time
with James' steps so that she could gain balance and support from his massive
body while she learned to walk in the spike heels.  By making sure her steps
were synchronized with the butler's, Pam found that she could move so that an
observer would think she was gliding gracefully across the floor. They would
never guess that she was struggling to keep from falling.  Pam decided that she
must try to  look like her costume did not bother her, and she would try to
smile and not look embarrassed or miserable so that Mr. Stone would not be able
to gloat too much.  By the time they reached the study, Pam had almost mastered
the art of walking in the tall heels, but the height tightened her calves so
much that her legs and feet were already showing signs that painful cramps might
knot the muscles any minute.

James knocked twice on a large oak door.  A small red light above the knob went
out, and a green one blinked on.  James opened the door, and ushered Pam inside. 
The door was wide enough for them to walk through side by side.  Pam felt like a
princess being conducted into the throne room of a king. She could feel the
strength of James' arm, and that helped calm her fears and control her shaky
knees. She tried to stand up straight, and walk as gracefully and proudly as
possible, since her costume did not allow her to cover herself. Young as she
was, Pam knew that Mr. Stone could only take away her clothing.  He could not
take her dignity unless she became so upset from being exposed to his gaze that
she gave up her self respect.  Pam concentrated hard, and fought to control her
unruly emotions and the havoc they played with her coordination.  She took a
deep breath, and found some measure of steadiness deep inside herself.  She
consciously brightened her smile, and tried to walk like a princess as James
escorted her across the room.  Pam had to work so hard just to walk that she
could not look around as James led her toward Mr. Stone, so she tried to focus
directly on her teacher's eyes.

Mr. Stone was seated in a large leather chair.  He was wearing comfortable,
casual clothes so that he looked much more commanding than he did at school.
There was a roaring fire burning in the largest stone fire place Pam had ever
seen.

As she stood still for his inspection, Pam saw that the room was huge. Three
walls were lined with floor to ceiling book shelves.  On the other wall, the
fire place was flanked by paintings that were clearly originals.  James stood
quietly beside her, looking straight ahead.  When Mr. Stone looked up from his
book, he said, "Yes, James?"

The big man replied quietly, "Sir, Miss Pamela."

"Thank you James, you may go." Mr. Stone replied.

Pam quickly controlled her impulse to gawk.  She brought her eyes in focus again
on Mr. Stone's face, and forced herself to stand absolutely still before him.

After the big door closed behind James, Mr. Stone said, "Pamela, I want you to
stand directly in front of my chair, and no more than three feet away."  The
girl fought down a new attack of panic, and moved to the location he directed.
"Now turn slowly toward your left, and continue turning until I tell you to
stop."  he instructed. Pam felt the revealing costume did so little to hide her
body, and in fact made it into a sexual object so completely that she thought
she might be more comfortable completely naked.  She did not object though, and
began turning very slowly so that he could examine her.  Pam completed five full
turns that each lasted nearly a minute.  She was not sure she could keep herself
from falling apart under the intensity of her teacher's gaze.

Finally, just before she was facing him squarely again, he said, "You may stop
now Pamela."

He looked at her face, trying to read her feelings, then he said, "You have done
well so far, child." Pam did not know why, but she was angry.  Her frown did not
go un-noticed, and Mr. Stone smiled at her in a way that made Pam so angry she
wanted to hit the man.  "You looked at yourself in the mirror before you left
your room, and you thought you saw a grown woman, didn't you, my dear. You are
upset with me for calling you 'child'."

Pam could not keep quiet, even though she knew she should.  "Of course I am
angry with you, you lecherous old goat.  I deserve to be punished, but just make
me clean your toilets and then leave me alone."

Mr. Stone just kept looking at her and smiling while he told her, "You really
don't want me to leave you alone.  You want me to look at you as a woman and
treat you as a woman.  You want me to take your virginity from you most of all."

Pam nearly screamed at him for his insulting presumption that she might find him
acceptable as a man and the even greater insult in the implication that she
might want him to touch her. She raged inside, but she knew she could never win
an argument with her teacher.  She was even more furious with him because
everything he had said to her had been completely true.  She did feel more like
a woman now than ever before in her life. She did want him to look at her as a
woman, not a child, and she did want to know what it felt like for a woman to
have a man deep inside her.  Pam was so confused now she could hardly speak, but
just when she thought she finally had herself back under control, Mr. Stone
showed her a paper.

"Please read this document, Pamela" Mr. Stone told her.

Pam felt like her eyes were going to explode when she took the paper in her
hands and forced herself to focus on the words printed there.  She felt like she
was going to scream, and then she thought she was going to faint as she read the
words aloud to Mr. Stone from the document her mother and father had signed.  It
was quite clear that her parents had sold her to Mr. Stone.   The document said
that Mr. Stone would feed, clothe and educate her until she had a Doctoral
degree, or its equivalent.  In addition, he would pay her parents $100,000 cash.
Mr. Stone handed her a small tape recorder, and told her to push the "PLAY"
button.

When she did, Pam heard her mother's voice trying to explain to her that they
could not support her or give her the kind of education she deserved, and needed
to survive in the modern world.  Pam could hear both of her parents sobbing by
the time the tape ended, but she was not impressed.

No matter what they said, her parents had sold her to a dirty old man with a
grudge against her.  Pam nearly lost it at that point, but she was a very
intelligent girl, and she realized that she had no idea how Mr. Stone would
respond if she started screaming at him.  She knew that if she acted nasty, he
might make her punishment even worse, so she bit her lower lip and kept quiet.

Now the reason for the room, the door locked from the outside, and the clothes
that fit her exactly were clear to Pam, Mr. Stone intended to keep her there for
a long time.

Mr. Stone sat down in his chair, and pulled a low stool close to it, motioning
to the shaken girl he said, "Please sit down Pamela, I am sure you have several
questions you would like me to answer."

Pam fought harder than ever to control herself, and quietly walked toward him
and sat down where he had indicated. She was aware that he could see her naked
pussy when she sat down, but that really didn't seem to matter much just then. 
Pam knew that if he intended to rape her, she would not be able to stop him, and
she would not be able to escape. She thought he would have done it already if
that was his plan. Pam decided all she could do was try to obey him and hope he
would not force her.

"I am 18, can my parents legally sell me?"  Pam asked, as coolly as she was
able.

"Your parents did not sell you dear." he said in that annoying, lecture voice
Mr. Stone used when he thought you did not know something EVERYONE ought to
know.  "You are really what might be called an indentured servant.  I am
responsible for caring for you and providing you with an education.  You will
work for me until I have recovered the sum paid to your parents in the value of
your work, and I have fulfilled my obligations to you.  First you will be
learning the duties of a maid, so that you will understand your real options in
this world completely. Then if you are able to learn to perform those tasks
PERFECTLY, I will teach you the skills you will need to be my research
assistant. Of course you realize that you will not be leaving this house for you
instruction.  I have taught in the public schools as a service to the community,
not because I needed the money. I have resigned to devote all of my time to your
education. Since you are over 18, you are not required to be in public school.

I have set up your records to show a transfer into a private school.  By the
way, everyone at good old Warren G. Harding High thinks you ran off to
Hollywood.  Bets are 8 to 5 you will be doing porno flicks or hooking on Sunset
Boulevard within a week. Legally, you are my ward, and I am your guardian.  As
long as I am providing you with a full time educational program, I have complete
legal custody of you, even if it takes 20 years to educate you to my
satisfaction.  The agreement with your parents is quite legal, and impossible to
break. You see, they had you declared incompetent so they could put you away.
You gave them so much grief, they were half crazy from the stress.  They are not
as strong as some people.

They meant well though, so don't be too hard on them.  At least they realized
they could not manage in time to try to save you."

"I do not choose to believe the garbage you are spouting." Pam jumped at the
sound of her own voice.  Had she really become such a disagreeable bitch?  Mr.
Stone picked up a remote control and pressed a few buttons.  Suddenly, a ten
foot television screen dropped down from the ceiling.

Pam was shocked to see her face filling the screen. As she watched and listened
to herself, the image seemed to change from a beautiful young woman to an ugly
old hag. The sound of her voice changed too. The expression on her face had
completely destroyed all of her beauty, and the horrible voice hurt her ears. 
Pam thought that her teacher must have used some kind of special effects to fool
her, but she made herself ask politely to see the tape again. When Mr. Stone
started the tape, Pam saw that nothing had been done to alter the sound or the
image.

"I didn't know I made myself so ugly!" Pam exclaimed.  "I have been trying to
keep under control because I wasn't sure how you would punish me, but I just
can't seem to do it by myself." Mr. Stone smiled at the lovely girl and said
softly, "Then you do agree you need help my dear?" "Yes sir." Pam responded
simply.  "Can you believe that I want to help you Pamela?"  "Yes Mr. Stone."

"Will you put yourself in my care so that I can help you?"  the teacher asked. 
"Yes sir."  Pam responded.  "I know I am lazy and pig headed Mr. Stone.  I know
I need someone strong, like you to make me behave myself.  Please help me so I
don't turn into a lonely, ugly old hag."  the girl begged.

"If I agree to help you Pamela, you must promise me you will obey me without
question.  You must also understand fully that if you do not obey immediately,
perfectly, and cheerfully you will be punished.  I will be the only judge of
what is appropriate punishment for your disobedience, there will be no appeal,
and I will carry out my sentences personally and immediately.  I will not
permanently injure you, but I may find it helpful to cause you to experience
some pain if I should feel I do not have your full attention when I am helping
you correct your behavior."

Pam looked shocked, but she realized she needed help badly, so she said, Yes Mr.
Stone, I understand."

Peter Stone was elated.  He had the girl started on the path he had been
obsessed with since she had teased him with her nubile body the very first time. 
He hoped that whatever gods there might be would forgive him for ruining her
father's company just so he could buy the girl.  He felt that his intervention
was justified though because the rebellious girl was more than her parents could
possibly handle, and would have caused them major heartaches in the future.

Now he began his carefully planned program of education and re-training he had
developed just for this girl.  "Pamela, you will not understand the purpose of
everything I tell you to do.  I often will tell you why I wish you to do
something, but at times, I will not have time.  At other times, I may not wish
you to know my purpose until you have taken the time and thought to figure it
out for yourself.  In any case, you will obey me in all things, or you will be
punished. Is that clear Pamela?"

"Yes sir." the girl answered.

"Good. Now we will begin your education.  Why do I want you to learn to be a
PERFECT maid?"  the teacher asked.

"I don't know sir." Pam replied.

"Your first task will be to question yourself constantly as you are being taught
to be a perfect maid, as to why you need this training.  As soon as you develop
a hypothesis, you will phrase it concisely and present your speculation to me
the instant you believe you have phrased it understandably.  Since this is the
most important lesson you need to learn, you will call me any time of the day or
night that you discover the answer. If your hypothesis is not correct but shows
careful thought, I will provide additional learning experiences for you to
consider as you continue to search for the answer.  If your attempt shows no
thought, and is sloppy, you will find that I am much less understanding."

"Will I know what the punishment for each type of mistake will be?"  Pam asked.

"Always thinking, I see.  Not as profitably as you might, but perhaps there is
hope for you.  No, Pamela you will not know ahead of time how I will punish you. 
I don't punish mistakes, but I will punish disobedience and sloth severely. I
have no interest in jail house lawyer games, so don't try to play them with me. 
If I even suspect you have the delusion that you can fool or manipulate me, your
punishment will be swift and severe."

"I have never had to deal with someone as strict as you Mr. Stone.  Please be
patient with me."

Peter laughed in Pam's face and told her, "Don't think you can flatter your way
past me either missy.  Do you know why your uniform is designed as it is?" "I
think it is to show me you can tell me what to wear or make me do anything you
want to.  I also think it is to humiliate me and is part of my punishment for
teasing you in class."

Pam said this quietly and politely, then she looked down at the floor, expecting
the worst.

"If your punishment for shooting beaver at me was the only issue here you would
be correct. Think about how being trained as a maid is different from being
punished for being a tease." Mr. Stone said. "I don't understand why I need to
learn to be a maid, so I can't find the difference, sir." Pam answered.

"Well keep thinking about it until you know."  Mr. Stone said with a grin.

"Pamela, can you tell me what time it is?"  Mr. Stone said this in a way that
made Pam shiver, but she wasn't sure why.

"It is 6:45 Mr. Stone."  Pam froze at the sound of her own voice.  She knew she
had been instructed to serve dinner at precisely at 6:00.  Now it was 6:45, and
she had not even begun to prepare anything.  "I forgot Mr. Stone.  I was so
interested in talking with you, I forgot."  Pam was shuddering with fear. She
simply did not know what Mr. Stone might do.

"Pamela, there are no excuses here. I do not expect to hear anything like an
excuse from you ever again.  Do you understand dear?"

Pam heard her own voice saying, "Yes sir." very softly.

Mr. Stone placed a gold watch on her wrist.  Small diamonds circled the dial,
and five large ones formed a bar on each side.  "You can't be expected to know
what time it is without a watch.  It is a very different thing to have a watch
and 'forget' to wear it.  Do you understand the difference Pamela?"

Pam looked at Mr. Stone, and her face softened a tiny bit.

"Thank you for the watch sir." the girl said in a soft, breathy voice.  "It is
one thing to lack tools, but another thing all together not to use the tools you
have been given."  Pam answered quickly, almost without thinking.

"That is correct. Mr Stone replied.

Now Pamela, why do you need to be punished?"  Pam was shocked to hear herself
say, "I did not ask you for the time. Your watch is large, so I noticed you were
wearing one right away."

"Correct again.  I do believe there may be some living brain cells inside your
head." Mr. Stone said.

"For your punishment, I am going to teach you a lesson about waiting." her teach
quietly that Pam was immediately aware she would not be able to talk him out of
anything.

"First, you will learn to wait to find out what your punishment will be.  I will
have James show you to the kitchen.  There are instructions posted there for
you.  You will follow those instructions exactly.  Ten minutes before the food
is ready to be served, you will buzz for James to escort you back to the study
with the place settings required."

Mr. Stone continued his instructions as Pam tried hard to concentrate so that
she could remember each detail. "You will also bring the wine to me so that I
can open the bottle and allow it to breathe.  You will mix my before dinner
drink at the bar here in the study, then you will return to the kitchen and
bring our dinner back to the study.  I will give you further instructions at
that time."

Pam could not believe how detailed his instructions were, and she was shocked at
how meekly she obeyed him.

There was something about Mr. Stone that made her feel she must obey him.  She
knew he really would punish her too, and that certainty made Pam anxious to
please him.  James led her to a wonderful kitchen that seemed to be built in two
sections. The first was a cozy, farm house kitchen.  Pam guessed it was for use
when only a few were to be served.  The largest section was a complete four star
restaurant kitchen.

Every bit of each kitchen was spotlessly clean. The air was fresh too, with no
hint of unpleasant odors from garbage or incomplete cleaning.  Pam saw the list
of instructions in the country kitchen.

Before he left, James said, "Miss Pamela, you must remember to call me when you
are ready to serve dinner to Master Peter.  It would not be safe for you to be
wandering around the house by yourself.  Some of the built-in defenses can be
quite nasty, and the triggers are not easy to avoid."  Then James showed her the
location of the button  that paged him, and the control panel for communicating
with the rest of the house.

On the monitor of the control panel, one could view the room selected.  Pam
pushed the button to turn on the picture and sound from the study.

"Thank you for joining me Pamela." she heard Mr. Stone say.   "I am listening to
some Bach this evening.  I hope you will enjoy the music while you prepare
dinner."  Then Mr. Stone turned back to his book, sank back into the big chair,
and seemed not to notice her any more.

Pam was sure he was watching her though.  She was surprised at the quality of
the sound as the intercom system brought the organ notes swelling up into the
kitchen and the music swirled through the room.  Sometimes the notes were like
swallows, gracefully swooping and gliding through the air.  At other times, they
reminded Pam of a swarm of angry bees chasing a clumsy hiker into a mountain
lake.

The time passed pleasantly for her as she followed Mr. Stone's instructions and
prepared their dinner.  It was a simple, light but nourishing meal. The way that
it was assembled with style made it an elegant feast for the eyes as well as the
palate.

Pam noted right away that only the finest ingredients were stocked in the
pantry.  She saw the attention to detail that had gone into every aspect of the
kitchen.  The design was perfect so that there was no wasted space, and no extra
traffic was required during preparation.  Even the shopping, stocking of the
pantry, and the refrigerator were precise.  Pam understood that there was a
beauty to this precision, and she tried as hard as she could to make sure all of
her contributions to the meal were perfect too.  This made her wonder about the
lessons Mr. Stone would be teaching her.  She also started to wonder if she
might be happier being Mr. Stone's maid than being a lonely high school or
college student. As she prepared the meal, Pam found she could not keep from
glancing at the monitor every few seconds.

She thought to herself, "Mr. Stone is really good looking and in  great shape
for his age."  Pam also found herself wondering more and more often what it
would be like to lose her virginity to Peter Stone.  Pam knew a lot of girls
talked in the locker room about creaming their panties over some cute guy, but
she had never had any clearly sexual feelings before.  Now, she became aware of
an aching longing she couldn't put a label on.

There was an emptiness inside that seemed to need filling very badly, but she
could not think of how to fill the void, and she could not think of what might
be causing her strange new feelings.  She was becoming aware of an increasing
curiosity about Mr. Stone's body"

She also  that when her mind started thinking about what was under Mr. Stone's
clothes, she started to feel squishy when she moved.  At first she though the
stress of the day had made her get her period early, but after she checked
herself, Pam realized that the wetness in her vagina was being triggered by her
thoughts about her teacher. When she tried to visualize his body naked, or tried
to picture herself touching his prick, the juices in her pussy flowed  freely,
spilled out and dripped down her legs.  Pam could not concentrate on her work in
the kitchen, so finally, she had to turn the monitor off.  She was terrified
that Mr. Stone would be able to see or smell the remnants of her excitement, but
she was afraid to use kitchen towels to clean herself.

Another problem was becoming an urgent priority for her too. Pam had to pee very
badly.  Her bladder was painfully full, but she could not find a restroom that
opened off the kitchen.




Chapter 3

 "Were you masturbating while you were preparing dinner Pamela?" Mr. Stone
asked.  The girl knew he had been watching her, so he would know that what she
said was true when she told him, "I wanted to very much sir, but I was working,
so I did not.  Also sir, I am a virgin, and I don't really know what to do to
myself.  I have read some books, but I have never had a lot of luck trying out
those things."  "Did walking down the hall with James excite you?"  "No sir, I
have never gotten excited by looking at men before.  While I was making dinner,
I thought about what it would be like to have you touch me and what it would be
like to touch you.  As I watched you read, and thought about being on my knees
in front of you, my juices started flowing so that I was all wet inside.  It
dripped down my legs too.  It made me feel all itchy, and sticky.

You are keeping me here and making me be your servant, and that makes me hate
you, but every time I look at you, I want you to take my virginity."  The girl
stood trembling before him now.  "Your honesty will be rewarded some day
Pamela." he told her.

"I need to use the bathroom before I have an accident Mr. Stone." Pam was almost
sobbing now.

"We will discuss being made to wait after dinner.  Go relieve yourself.  Make
sure you wash your hands before you go finish our dinner."  James appeared out
of nowhere, and led her out of the study.  He took her back down the hall to the
kitchen.  Once inside, he showed her a small button by the light switch.

Pressing up on the button opened a concealed door to a well equipped bath room. 
Pam was pleased with her uniform for the first time.  She did not have to fight
her way out of clothes to use the toilet.  There was nothing covering her crotch
at all, so all she had to do was sit; but not wearing panties made her feel like
getting to the bathroom was a major emergency,  even when she didn't need to go
all that badly.

Pam was angry at Mr. Stone for putting her through this kind of humiliation, but
she had to admit that she was attracted to the strength and power that was so
obvious in Mr. Stone.

She knew that she now respected her teacher more than she had ever respected any
man in her life.

Pam struggled to deny it, but the sticky residue on her thighs forced her to
admit that she was sexually attracted to a man for the first time in her life. 
She knew too that it was a powerful attraction that would have to be acted upon
very soon.  As she cleaned herself, it was difficult not to start touching
herself.  Her attraction was quickly turning into need, and she yearned to use
her fingers to bring herself some relief from the maddening itch in her clitoris
and the empty, hungry feeling in her virgin vagina.

To keep herself from giving in to her desires, Pam tried to think about the
assignment her teacher had given her.  After all, she reasoned, if I am late
serving his dinner, he may decide to punish me more severely.  First she thought
about her job.  It was a position of personal service, she decided.

In our society, she thought, people in such positions have much less status than
the person who employs them.  Since it was a position of lower rank, she was
sure it was meant to teach her not to think too highly of herself.   The way
Mr.. Stone controlled every aspect of her life made her feel like he was telling
her she had messed up badly so far.  Since she respected him so much, this made
her feel very humble.

Then too, it was hard to feel snotty when she had to ask permission to go pee,
and could not walk around the house without an escort.  Next she thought about
her uniform.  It made her feel very meek in Mr. Stone's presence, and her desire
to cover herself made her feel very vulnerable too, so that she had no desire to
argue with him.  She feared the kinds of punishment he could inflict on the
exposed and unprotected parts of her body.  Pam realized that as she stood
before Mr. Stone while he examined her, she had been overcome with sexual desire
and need for him.  She knew her costume prevented her from concealing any of her
feelings from her teacher.  She was startled to realize that it had pleased her
to show off her naked breasts and pussy to Mr. Stone.  She had enjoyed knowing
his eyes were on her nipples and that he was wondering what her tits would feel
like if he took one in each hand and began to squeeze them gently.

She had to admit that having him stare at her silky little blonde bush made her
shiver all over with anticipation.  She was sure he was trying to imagine how
wonderful it would feel to fill her tight, virgin cunt with his hard cock.  She
wondered if he knew how much she wanted to know how it would feel to have him
inside her.  Pam's new desires made her feel very soft and helpless inside.  She
knew her mind was not working very well, and  she just couldn't put everything
together into a single hypothesis.  Pam decided she had better hurry to serve
Mr. Stone.  She would just have to wait to think about all these things.

Pam set up everything she needed to serve the meal on two large silver trays,
then she paged James.  Almost instantly, James opened the door.  He quickly
picked up the heaviest tray, and led the way back to the study.

Pam saw that a small table with one chair was set up in the study.   There were
two tray stands next to the table. Pam and James placed the trays on the stands,
then James quietly left the room.  Pam set one place at the table for Mr. Stone. 
She poured the wine, then she pulled out the chair and stood beside it, waiting.  
Mr. Stone put down his book and crossed to the table.  Pam guided the chair
under him so that her teacher was seated without a hint of awkwardness.  She
took the white linen napkin, unfolded it, and carefully spread it on his lap. 
She had to fight down the urge to be a little clumsy on purpose and brush
against his crotch with her hand.  Her desire to touch him was almost more than
she could stand, and her curiosity about his size and thickness was becoming
unbearable.  Pam bit her tongue to help get herself under control.  Carefully,
Pam prepared a plate for Mr. Stone.  She felt like she must be blushing all over
once again because her desire was so strong, her juices were flowing again.  Pam
was angry with herself because she couldn't seem to control her desire for this
middle aged man.  Why did she want him so badly"

The realization hit her, like a fist to her solar plexus , he was the first man
who had the balls to MAKE her behave.

The excitement of knowing that he could, and WOULD make her do exactly what he
wanted was overwhelming.  She realized that some primitive instinct was telling
her that he was a male strong enough to be a desirable mate.  Her body was
responding and preparing itself for mating.  Pam's mind tried to tell her body
that she did not agree, but the hormones surging through her blood told her mind
to shut up and keep out of the way.  Pam realized that her body was in control. 
It was making it impossible for her to think or run.  The scent of her
overheated pussy was unmistakable, and she felt herself blush again because her
naked cunt was just inches from Mr. Stone's nose.

He smiled as he ate, and Pam was sure he was laughing at her weakness,
congratulating himself on how easy it had been to tame her.  She wanted to run,
but she couldn't move.

Mr. Stone looked up at Pam and smiled.  "Have you thought about why you are
being trained as a maid?" he asked.

"Sir, I think it is to teach me not to think too highly of myself." the girl
said haltingly.

"NO.  A person can never think too highly of themselves. In fact, when one has a
healthy self image and lots of self confidence, they would never consider
behaving badly towards another person."

Pam jumped when he said "NO" she realized that she cared what he thought of her. 
She felt that right now she would be happy just to be his cute little air head
if he would just hurry up and take her, ending her suffering by filling her
starving pussy.  But Pam knew it would not be fair to ask Mr. Stone to settle
for second best and make do with an air-head.   She knew he deserved everything
she could give him, her looks, her body, and her brains.  So Pam fought to gain
some control over her mind, trying hard to bring all the facts together into one
hypothesis, but her body wanted to be fucked so badly that the girl could not
think of anything except how to get Mr. Stone's prick deep inside her as quickly
as possible.

Finally, Mr. Stone looked into her eyes.  "Do you want me to touch you?" he
asked softly.

"Please Mr. Stone.  Please touch me and teach me how it feels to be a woman. 
Teach me how it feels to be loved by a man."  Pam was breathing heavily now, and
her body was so ready to be fucked, her wobbly knees would hardly let her stand.

Mr. Stone stood slowly and gently took Pam's arm to support her and keep her
from falling.  He led her across the room to a large couch that Pam had not
noticed.  Her mind was so hazy that she felt like she was floating across the
floor, held by the strength of Mr. Stone's arms.  He laid her on the couch, and
then he began to touch her.  Pam jumped when his hand first made contact with
her breast, and she almost started to protest out of habit, but his touch felt
so good to her that soon the girl relaxed and remembered she had asked him to
touch her.  Pam liked the way he worked on her slowly.  He didn't grab at her,
he just kept touching her in ways that felt better and better.  He seemed to
have all the time in the world, and he did not rush.  Soon she was squirming on
the couch, and begging him to squeeze her tits harder.  He always seemed to know
exactly what would feel good to her, and when she asked him for something, he
gave it to her.  He worked her breasts over good, and she started to feel a
direct connection from her bursting nipples to her clitoris and vagina.  Pam
grabbed his head and shoved a nipple into Mr. Stone's mouth.  He began to lick
it until it was so hard Pam thought it might explode.  Then he started sucking
on the berry red bud and Pam went crazy from the feel of it.  He sucked harder
and harder, and Pam tried to cram more and more of her tit into his mouth.  She
felt hot all over, and she wanted him to take all of her clothes off, but he
just kept working on her breasts.   She thought she would go crazy if he didn't
give her more, but it felt so good all she could do was squirm and moan. 
Finally, when her tits were so sore she didn't want him to touch them, but it
still felt so good, she didn't want him to stop, he began moving his hands down
her tummy.  He would drag his finger nails over her skin, and make her shiver
all over from his touch.

Then he began to stroke the inside of her thighs.  Pam nearly wiggled off the
couch, the touch of his fingers felt so good there.  When he finally started
caressing her between her legs Pam did scream.  Everything he did seemed to make
her hotter than what he had been doing to her before.  Each thing he did felt so
good, Pam didn't think anything could possibly feel better, but he always seemed
to know another, more sensitive place to touch, and when he touched her there,
Pam would go wild from the feel of it.  He concentrated on each little part of
her, so that even though she felt like she was out of her mind from the pleasure
he was giving her, she could clearly remember how each thing he did felt, which
parts she like touched best, and exactly how each part should be touched. 
Finally, he began to stroke her clitoris directly.  Now Pam understood why he
had taken so long getting her ready.  She knew she would not have been able to
stand it if he had touched her there first.  Now Pam felt her hips humping up at
his teasing fingers to make the contact with her pleasure bud even harder and
more thrilling.

Pam was aware of a new feeling in her throbbing clit, and it drove her to arch
her back and thrust her hips harder at the fingers that were at the same time,
pleasuring her and tormenting her.  Satisfaction, and that mystical thing,
orgasm, that she had heard so much about was dancing, just beyond her reach. 
Mr. Stone was holding back, she knew.  Pam just wanted him to slam his rock hard
dick into her by this time, but Mr. Stone had not taken off any of his clothes. 
Pam humped faster then, deciding she just had to get herself off on his fingers. 
Seconds before she came, Mr. Stone pulled his fingers away quickly.




CHAPTER 4

Pam was pissed, but her brain was just not working because she was so aroused. 
Before she could move, she felt herself being tied to the couch so that she
could not move.  Mr. Stone had tied her with her legs spread wide.  Her hands
were above her head, and stretched tight so that she was very uncomfortable from
her bonds.  Also, she could not touch herself to try to calm the terrible itch. 
Pam began to cry from her frustration.  She needed Mr. Stone, inside her, and
she needed him right now.  Mr. Stone moved so that he could look deep into her
eyes.  "Pamela, he said quietly, I am going to punish you now.  I am going to
make you wait until you are in such an agony of need that you will come the
second I penetrate you.  When you feel me fill you, you will begin to cum very
hard, and you will keep cumming until I have finished with you.  But for now, I
will leave you to suffer alone.  This is your punishment for being a tease."

Pam wanted to scream, but she did not want to take a chance on making him angry
with her, so she kept her voice quiet, but she begged her teacher to fill her
with his hard cock and put her out of her misery by fucking her hard all night. 
Mr. Stone just smiled at her, and gave her a kiss on the cheek. Then he was
gone.  Pam was alone in the huge study.  The fire still burned brightly, but all
the other lights were turned off.

Pam knew there were cameras in the house for the security system, so she was
sure at least one was pointed at her. She was enraged at the thought of Mr.
Stone watching her like this.  How dare he reject her when she had offered her
beautiful young body to him, and had even begged him to take her virginity.

Pam raged at him inside, but she did not open her mouth for fear she would say
something that would make him angry.  She realized that her punishment could be
a thousand times worse.  She was not standing this mode of discipline well, so
she wanted to make sure she did not make things worse for herself.  The ropes
cut into her wrists and ankles, but the worst torture was the need in her empty
pussy, and the itch in her still twitching clit.

Hour by hour, the time drug by.  Pam was hungry and thirsty, but most of all,
she was tormented by her need to have Mr. Stone inside her.  She realized what a
hard master he was going to be, and she was amazed to find that she loved the
idea.  He would make her behave, and he would keep her in line.  He would make
her beg him to fuck her, then he would give her the kind of work out most men
only dream about because they are too weak to take from their woman the thing
that in her secret heart she wants to give him most, but can not unless he is
strong enough to take it from her.  This amazing paradox brought many things
into perspective for Pam.  She thought that she understood many things now about
the training Mr. Stone had designed for her.

Now, she tried to concentrate on the pleasant moments of her time under his
control.  She remembered the glow it had given her to hear him tell her she had
done well.  She remembered how proud she felt that he looked at her body.

It had made her feel sexy to know she had a body he would take the time to
undress with his eyes. Knowing he wanted to ram his cock deep inside her as much
as she wanted to feel it filling her made her even more eager to be taken"

Pam knew she should concentrate on happy thoughts, and try to forget about how
badly she needed sex, but when she thought about Mr. Stone, she couldn't stop
herself from thinking about how it would feel to touch him, to hold his hard
prick in her hand, to kiss it and suck it, and the guide it into her hot, wet,
horny little pussy.  At that point, she lost control of her thoughts, and they
raced ahead into all the wonderful things she wanted to do for her teacher, and
how glorious he would make her feel as her reward.

Pam knew she had begun a new round of torture, and that she had done it to
herself.  She couldn't stop squirming on the couch, and she ached to be fucked
so bad that she was sobbing and screaming and begging all at the same time.

Just as she was sure she would lose her mind, Mr. Stone walked into the room.

"Well, Pamela, what have you learned in school today?" he said in that
deceptive, kindly tone Pam was learning to fear"

"I learned that I am yours, and I must obey you in all things.

If I wish to have a shred of pleasure, I must serve you perfectly in every way. 
I have learned that I would rather die trying to obey you perfectly than to have
you decide to punish me because I failed to please you perfectly."  The girl was
amazed at how clear her mind was because she knew she was dripping wet inside
and more ready to be fucked than ever before.  "I must recognize that I find my
greatest joy in serving and pleasing.

That is why I am being trained as a maid, so that I will never forget who I am. 
I am a maid, made to serve and please you.

I am a servant, and I find my greatest pleasure serving and pleasing you
perfectly.  You are my Master, and I serve you freely and happily because you
are my Master in all things." Pam relaxed a little now, for she knew she had
answered truly, and well.

"These are valuable insights Pamela.  See that you never forget them."  Pam was
astonished at the command in his voice. He said the words quietly, but in Pam's
mind, the words sprouted whips.  She knew she must obey perfectly, or feel the
lash both on the outside and the inside of her body.

"And what about your costume?"  he asked.

"It shows me that I am yours even down to the clothes I put on.  You will decide
what I wear, and you will decide how much of my body should be covered.  At
first I thought the purpose of this costume was to humiliate me, but I soon
realized I was worng.  Besides showing me you power over and ownership of my
body, dressing me so my body is exposed to your gaze has helped me develop a
proper degree of pride in my body and its ability to please my Master.  You
dress me to please yourself.  If you want me to be your sex toy, you will dress
me accordingly. I am to take my cue from my costume, and adjust my behavior to
match your desires.

If you want a slut, as I see you do tonight, then I shall be the hottest you
have ever had.  If you want me cold and icy so you can make me melt in your
arms, then when you dress me to hide my body, I will be cold as long as I can
resist the power of your touch."  Pam looked down, hardly daring to meet her
Master's gaze, yet her eyes were drawn to his, and when she saw the smile on Mr.
Stone's face, she let out a sigh of relief.

"You have used your time well and learned from your punishment. I am proud of
your progress.  Your understanding will help you learn to serve perfectly." 
Peter Stone was elated at the change in his beautiful young pupil.  He smiled
warmly at her, and he noted how she relaxed and basked in that warmth.  He knew
that he had brought her far in a short time, and this fueled the hope in him
that Pamela might be the perfect woman for him.  She certainly got hot enough
when he touched her.  Now he was eager to take advantage of his new power over
the little blonde.  He wanted to heat her to the point he had stimulated her to
earlier, to make her ache to be filled with his hard cock, and then to fill her
completely in one stroke.  He wanted to give her the satisfaction she  craved by
filling her aching emptiness at the very instant he brought her  pain when his
prick penetrated her juicy pussy deeply enough to take her virginity.  Then, he
wanted to give her such a good fucking and bring her to orgasm so many times
that she would never even imagine another man could  possibly satisfy her.

Peter began to caress Pam again and soon he had her writhing in pleasure as he
used his fingers, his lips and his tongue to stimulate all her most sensitive
places.  Within  five minutes, he had the girl more deeply in need than she had
been earlier when he had teased her to the verge of climax. Now she begged him
to enter her as she squirmed under his touch.

Pam was still tied to the couch, but her hips moved with a primitive, sensual
rhythm, and soon Peter could wait no more. He removed his clothes slowly as he
kept touching Pam, making her want him inside her more and more.  Finally he had
her senses aroused to such a peak that she was sure she would climax the second
he touched her with his hard cock. Pam was wild to feel everything he could make
her feel, and ready to take everything he could give her.  Her need was so great
that all fear was gone, and the only thought on her mind was taking him as deep
into her as she could.  Pam looked up  at her teacher with pleading eyes.  "Put
your big prick in my tight, wet pussy and fuck me hard with it." she begged. 
Peter Stone knew he was losing control as his lust for the lovely girl began to
over come him.  He knew she was ready to take him all.  When she begged him
again to fill her, he could not wait any more.  He quickly changed the way the
little blonde was tied to the couch so that her hips were elevated on a pillow,
her knees were up almost to her chest, and her legs were spread as wide as they
would go.  Pam felt the rope dig into her tender skin again, and she was shocked
that her teacher was going to keep her tied when he took her"

She ached to wrap her arms and legs around his body as soon as he was deep
inside her, and hold him there forever.  That delight was to be denied her
though.  Her first time, she was to be taken as a servant who must give service,
even with her  body, to please her Master.  The position was almost painful, but
she saw that it gave Mr. Stone complete access to all of her most sensitive
parts.  Now Peter Stone stood over his beautiful ward, and slowly sank to his
knees on the couch, between her wide spread legs.  The skin of her thighs was
creamy smooth, and very nicely tanned.  Stone looked long at her, trying to
record every detail in his memory.  She was as perfect as a human woman could
be.  Then, Pam felt a different touch on her pulsing clitoris.  Her teacher had
started using the head of his hard cock to rub her clit. It felt hot against her
little pleasure bud, and Pam realized then why he had kept her tied.  Her body
had jumped so hard against him, as she  squirmed to impale herself on his hard
dick, that she nearly fell off the bed.  She needed him,  and she needed him
now.  She was about to scream from her frustration.  She was tired of waiting. 
She wanted him to take her NOW.  He kept using his cock head to rub her clit,
moving the big hard dick faster and faster against her hot little passion spot. 
She was amazed at how good it felt. It seemed impossible to the sex starved
girl, but his cock rubbing against her clit was making her even wetter inside. 
Her juices coated the throbbing head of his dick and as he rubbed it against her
clitoris, she felt the pleasure increase again as her pleasure center got all
wet and slippery.  It made everything feel even better when he stroked her clit
with the head of his prick.

Finally, Peter Stone could not hold back any longer.

He guided the tip of his throbbing dick in between the  swollen lips of her
pussy.  He let her feel it for a second as he moved it in a small circle around
the rim of her tight virgin cunt, teasing the tender flesh there.  The wetness
on the head of his cock and coating the inside of her pussy lips seemed to make
him slip into the center, and the heat boiling inside her seemed to pull him
into her.  Stone lost all control and totally forgot the girl under him was a
virgin. Once his dick was centered in the opening, he rammed deep into her as
hard as he could.

Pamela couldn't believe the feelings Mr. Stone could bring out in her.  She
instantly arched her back and drove her hips up to meet the powerful thrust of
Stone's impaling cock.  The force of his thrust was multiplied when she pumped
her hips up to him.  The first sensation she felt was her pussy muscles being
forced open by his big, hard, invading prick.  She felt a few seconds of panic
as  the muscles stretched, and she began to be afraid he was so big he would
tear her open.

Then, before she could react, she felt the head of his dick pop inside her.  She
would have loved to hold him there and savor the feel for a while and get used
to having his big cock inside her, but before she knew what was happening, she
felt a flash of searing pain as her maidenhead tore.

The feel of Mr. Stone's hard dick going deep inside her made Pamela scream,
although her brain was so fevered with her desire to be fucked, and fucked hard
that she could really think of nothing but how much she wanted to be able to use
her hands and arms and legs to pull her Master as deep into her as she could. 
Instead, she could only moan and squirm. For a few seconds she felt the pain
grow until she thought she could not take any more, but then she felt something
wonderful begin.  Her body went rigid all over, and she felt her inner muscles
clamp down hard on Mr. Stone's cock as he drove it deeper and deeper into her
hungry cunt..  Then she screamed again, and this time, she knew it was because
she was cumming.  The contractions started at the  mouth of her starving pussy
and milked his prick with the wet, silky lining of her vagina.  Pam knew she was
pleasing her employer as he began to make deep sounds of pleasure, and he then
he began to pound his aching, throbbing penis deeper and harder into her
spasming, climaxing cunt.

Peter Stone felt Pamela start to come and then her inner muscles began to milk
him.  The feel of being deep inside her was so good, that he began to pound his
swollen cock into her cunt harder than he had ever fucked any woman.  Pamela
freed all his animal instincts and passions, and he rammed into her silky, wet
pussy again and again.  She was ready and able to take everything he could give
her, and this knowledge drove Stone wild.  He was driven by his lust, but even
more by his deep need to give the girl the best fucking he could.

He wanted to make her cum over and over again so that when he had completely
worn her out, she would be  totally his"

When his young ward began to come again from the savage fucking he was giving
her, Peter Stone felt the hot cream begin to boil in his balls.  He knew he
could not wait another second to fill her.  The sight of her beautiful body,
bound for his pleasure, writhing under him from the pleasure and the orgasms he
was giving her was too much for his lust wracked brain.   He felt his ass
tighten and his toes curl.  Then the muscles in his legs cramped.   Not even the
painful cramp could stop the animal need to drive his manhood into her heat and
wetness, as hard and as deep as he could.  The sight and sound of Pamela cumming
from his fucking drove Stone over the edge, and he felt the scalding cum racing 
up out of his balls and through his throbbing cock.  Peter and Pamela both
screamed as they felt the hot cream spurt out of his jerking prick and spew deep
into her starving pussy"

The semen burned them both, and seemed like hot lava exploding from his shooting
cock; filling and then spilling out of her cumming, spasming cunt to run in
scalding rivers down the crack of her ass to soak his balls.  Peter could not
remember ever having his balls convulse so hard or empty so completely.  Their
passion kept them driving their bodies together, until all the cream was milked
from his prick.  Even after every drop was gone, his balls continued to pump and
twitch, still cumming even though they were totally dry.

Pamela felt her eyes roll back, and she didn't care.  It felt so good to belong
to Mr. Stone and to have him use her this way. She wanted him to never stop
fucking her.  She screamed her pleasure to him one last time, as she begged him
to fuck her  forever.  Finally, when both of them were totally exhausted, Peter
untied the girl and allowed her to wrap her body around him.  Pamela whispered,
"I love you Master." as she held him even tighter with her arms and legs, and
the muscles inside her.  He smiled as he looked deep into her eyes, and then he
told her the words she longed to hear, "After I rest for a few minutes, I will
give you your wish."  Pamela smiled too, for she knew that even though she was
his servant, her Master loved her.  Because he loved her, her Master would keep
her forever.  Since he was a strong man, and she was his any time he wanted her,
Pamela thought to herself that in a way, he never would stop fucking her.  The
blonde smiled as she felt  the big cock slowly growing soft inside her.  He had
filled her full of his cream, and she liked the way it felt as it leaked out of
her pussy and ran down into the crack of her ass.  She kept her arms and legs
wrapped tight around her teacher, and tried to hold his now flaccid penis as
deep in her as she could.  She purred her satisfaction into Mr. Stone's ear, as
she kept holding his warm body tight against her.  Pamela new that Mr. Stone had
found her true self, and she hoped he would always make her serve him with all
she had to give.  She now knew it was really true that she gained the greatest
pleasure from serving her Master.  She realized that by giving everything, she
made it possible for her to receive all of the pleasure and satisfaction her
Master had to give her.

She was warm and happy as Mr. Stone kept holding her very tightly.  After a
time, she fell asleep in his strong arms. Peter Stone was happier than he had
ever been.  He was holding the most beautiful girl, young enough to be his
daughter, in his arms.  She was asleep from sheer exhaustion from the fucking he
had given her.  He knew she was in love with him, and he smiled with pleasure
because he knew she  would want him to take care of her in the same way for the
rest of their lives.  He was elated she was so hot.  She had not minded the pain
of losing her virginity, and had cum many times even though it was her very
first time.  Peter Stone smiled again, thinking of the pleasure she would bring
him for the rest of their lives.  He felt as if his chest would burst from the
pride of making her first time one she would always remember with a big smile. 
He knew  he was looking forward to keeping her satisfied for the rest of their
lives.  Then he relaxed and fell asleep feeling the glow of her body next to
him, secure in the knowledge she would soon wake him wanting more.




Chapter 5

Pamela awoke with a start.  For a few panic filled seconds, she did not know
where she was.  She was confused too! She was naked with her arms wrapped around
Mr. Stone, her teacher.  At first, she could not remember all of the things that
had happened to her.  Then, slowly and almost painfully, the events of yesterday
came back to her.  Pam realized she felt good holding Mr. Stone in her arms. 
Then she noticed that the bed under her was soaked from where her teacher's cum
had leaked out of her pussy.  She felt like she had run for miles, and from the
feel and odor of the sweat that had dried on her skin, Pam knew Mr. Stone had
worked her very hard indeed..  Her pussy felt sore, but Pam couldn't keep her
hands off herself.  She started stroking her clit, and then her body made her
remember how she had given herself so completely to her teacher.  As the good
feeling started to swell within her, she also remembered how completely Mr.
Stone had mastered her, and how totally he had made her his lover, not just his
maid.  Now Pam felt she had to have more, so she started stroking one finger
into her pussy"

Her slender body began to squirm on the bed, and then she forced a second finger
up into her needy cunt, pushing both fingers as deep into herself as the would
go.  She began to stroke her fingers in and out of her hungry pussy very slowly,
while she stroked her clit with the index finger of her other hand.  When her
cunt began to feel very hot and very wet, she changed hands so that her fingers,
slippery from being buried deep in her starving pussy were now stroking her
clitoris, and two fingers from her other hand were now slowly pumping in and out
of her hot, wet fuck hole.  She moaned quietly, and her hips seemed to move by
themselves.

She tried to hold still, but her body would not obey her mind, and she began
squirming from the pleasure her fingers were giving her sensitive clit and her
horny cunt.  Just as she was about to cum for the first time, and had started
working her fingers harder and faster to bring herself release, Mr. Stone woke
up.  Pamela was happy and excited when he opened his eyes, because she thought
that as soon as she finished herself off with her fingers, he would mount her
and fuck her until she had cum and cum and cum, and that he would keep on
screwing her horny little body until she was not able to move. Pam was shocked
when Mr. Stone grabbed both wrists so hard that he hurt her.  "Stop that at
once!", her teacher ordered.  "Did you ask my permission to pleasure yourself?",
he growled at her.  "No Master." she answered quietly. "Pamela, when are you
going to learn that your body is not yours to do with as you please?"   Pam
trembled when she heard the edge in his voice.  The words were spoken quietly,
but still they stung her as badly as if he had cut her with a lash from a whip. 
"All of your being, even your orgasms are my property.  I will decide when to
reward you for perfect service to me by giving your body pleasure.  You will not
touch yourself to pleasure yourself again unless I command you to do so.  Do you
understand me girl?"  Pam was even more shaken by this latest claiming of her by
her Master.  She could comprehend him owning her body and telling her  how to
dress, when and how to work.  She wanted him to take his pleasure on her body
any time he pleased because he knew how to make her feel so good, but she could
not understand why her teacher did not want her to masturbate. She knew she had
many thousands of orgasms locked inside her young body, and she could not
understand why Mr. Stone would care if she brought herself a few brief moments
of pleasure. She knew she could have at least ten orgasms for every one time he
could cum, so why would he miss one or two little pleasure spasms, especially
when he was asleep when her need came on her.  Pam moaned, "I need to cum so
bad, please don't be angry about a little orgasm here or there, I have more than
you'll ever be able to use up.  Please finish me off quick, before I go crazy. 
Do whatever you want to me, just please make me cum quickly."  Peter Stone
scowled at the little blonde as she writhed in her agony of need on his big bed. 
"Foolish girl.", he said sharply.  "You have not learned anything of importance
yet if you do not know why I am angry with you.  You must depend on me for all
of your needs and you must learn to trust that I will provide for you.  Though
your body is wracked by the pain of your need, you will not do anything except
crawl to my feet and beg me to grant you relief from your agony.  I am an
intelligent man and a good and kind person.  I will not let you deteriorate from
lack of use.  I will not let your responsiveness become diminished.  I will give
you what you need, but I require it of you that you only receive your pleasure
from my hand and my body.  In seeking to give yourself pleasure, you have set
yourself against my will. For this, you will be punished."  Instantly Pam found
she was crying.  She apologized, begged, and pleaded with her teacher, but
nothing she said made him waver.  Even when she started begging him to let her
suck his cock and begging to take his load in her mouth, he still was firm in
his resolve to punish her.  Pam was imagining the intense pain of being teased
to the brink of orgasm, only to have the brass ring ripped from her grasp as he
had done time after time when he was first teaching her through his sexual
torture of her hot, young body.  When she realized that he planned something
even more difficult for her, she stopped crying and tried to collect all her
strength to help her bear whatever he might choose to do to her.  The sight of
his rock hard cock sticking straight out was like a club to her, for she knew
she had angered her teacher so that he would not use her until he was satisfied
that she was perfectly punished for opposing his will.  Peter wrapped a heavy
hemp rope around Pam's little wrists, and before she knew what was happening,
she found herself having her wrists hoisted up by the rope until she had to
stand on her toes to keep the tension off the rope. Pamela looked shocked that
he would do something like this to her.  Then, Peter tightened the rope just a
little more, so that her sexy little body was hanging by her aching wrists. Now
she was only able to ease the pain by standing up as high as she could on her
toes.  Her arms started to ache as all of the blood drained out of them.  Then,
to her rage, Mr. Stone began to ease his big cock into her dripping pussy.  He
sawed it roughly in and out of her sore cunt and quickly squirted his cum deep
in her vagina.  This time, she truly knew he was taking her for his pleasure
alone.  He was jacking off in her pussy.  "Maybe after he shoots his cream into
me", she thought, "he will forgive me and fuck me to give me pleasure."

It hurt to hang from her wrists like this, but she knew she had to keep herself
under control and take her punishment. Mr. Stone's face told her that nothing
she could say would change his mind.  Pam realized that he was masturbating in
her cunt to show her that her body was already his.  He would do exactly what he
wanted to with her.  He would take his pleasure on her body whenever and however
he wanted, so offering to give him sex was pointless.  He could already have her
as much as he wanted.  Pam was devastated by the realization that she had
nothing she owned that she could give to the man who was making her fall in love
with him.

He owned all of her, even her orgasms, and he would take whatever he desired
from her to suit his desires and to give himself pleasure.  She knew she would
make her body move just as he desired not through her own will, but because he
commanded her to please him perfectly.  She needed the pleasure and satisfaction
only he could give her so badly, she could do nothing except obey him totally. 
Pam also realized that she loved and needed Mr. Stone so deeply she would never
be able to force herself to refuse to give him sexual pleasure, and more than
that, she would never want to deny herself the pleasure she knew he would give
her every time he took her.

Pam sobbed bitterly from the pain in her wrists and the knowledge that her lover
was so angry with her he would punish her by denying her the sexual pleasure and
satisfaction he loved to give her.  In order to teach her a lesson, he was
making the sacrifice of taking less than all she had to give.

Pam was suddenly overwhelmed with love for her teacher.  She did not want him to
have to settle for less than the very best she could give him.  Quickly she
begged him again to take his full pleasure on her body. She told him of her
love, and begged,  "If you need to beat me or whip me to teach me my lesson,
please do so, but I beg you not to settle for less than the most pleasure my
body can give you. Please let me do my best to please you perfectly. I cannot
bear to think of giving you less than my best."

"If you truly wanted to please your me, you would not oppose your will to mine." 
Again, his rebuke stung her.  "Do with me as you will.  I surrender everything
to you.  I love you so much, I will be your slave if that is what will make you
happy."  the girl sobbed.  Now he guided her legs around his waist.  This took
the weight off her wrists, and as the pain subsided, she was able to feel the
full pleasure of having his hard cock slowly sinking deeper and deeper into her
wet pussy.  Now he moved his hands behind her bottom cheeks, and guided her body
down onto his throbbing hard-on.  She moaned with pleasure as he went deeper
than ever into her cunt.  Pam moved her hips to take him as deep as possible and
stroke his shaft just right with the hot, clinging walls of her silky pussy. 
Soon they were pounding their bodies together with such force that Pam thought
the head of his big cock was going to force open her cervix and ram up into her
womb.  Peter had not been trying to hold back, and as Pam used her inner muscles
to suck on his cock like a hungry mouth, he could not keep from taking
everything she had to give him.

He realized it had been foolish to try to punish her in that way. He rammed
deeper and deeper into her aching  cunt.  The force of his strokes made Pam
start to feel the pleasure she needed so badly.  As her clit began to get rubbed
just right, she found herself completely out of control as she rode his hard
cock and tried frantically to impale herself ever more completely on the rock
hard dick that was now so deep inside her hot, dripping pussy.  Finally, she
reached her limit of endurance and the intense stimulation of her clitoris and
the feel of his big cock thrusting deep inside her again and again brought the
young girl to the peak of passion.  When her orgasm exploded inside her like a
flash of lightning inside her skull, her tortured brain made her hump wildly to
get every inch of his hardness deep inside her starving pussy.  When she started
using her strong inner muscles to grab and stroke his cock, he could not resist
her.  The feel of her silky cunt sliding over him again and again were too much
for him, and it felt as if her vagina was sucking the cum up out of his balls
again.

Before he could react to stop it, his cream was spurting out deep inside her
milking, spasming, climaxing cunt.  As he tried to get every inch deep in her
clinching pussy, Peter felt his knees start to weaken from the force of his cum.

Pamela felt the terrible pain in her wrists again as her lover's knees collapsed
and he put much of his weight on to her aching wrists as he held her body
tightly.  Pam hurt all over from the pain of hanging by her wrists, but she did
not want his cock to come out of her cunt before she had finished cumming one
more time.  Even though the pain was bringing tears to her eyes, Pam tried to
move her body in ways that would make her teacher want to keep driving his cock
into her as hard and as deep as he could. Pam felt the best cum of all start to
explode inside her. It raced out from her twitching clit to consume her mind and
body.  She screamed with pleasure as she felt the head of his cock ram into her
cervix, and the waves of her orgasm ripped through her with more power than she
had ever imagined was possible.  Pam hurt badly, but she also knew that her sex
starved body was more satisfied now than ever before in her life.

When neither of them had any strength left, Peter clung to his ward with his
shaking arms, and Pam held him tight with her strong legs wrapped tight around
his waist, still trying to drive him deeper and deeper into her as her last cum
shook her tortured body to its core.

"Thank you Master for taking care of my need, and easing my agony from wanting
you."  the girl moaned softly as the full pleasure began to fill all of her body
with the soft glow of post orgasmic bliss

As soon as Mr. Stone had recovered enough to put his weight on his shaky knees,
he gently released the girl from her bonds and tenderly carried her to his big
bed.  Pamela was amazed at the tenderness he showed her.  She was totally
exhausted, and she hurt badly from hanging by her wrists.

She did not care if he dumped her into bed.  All she wanted was to sleep.  Much
to her surprise, he carefully and gently washed her cum filled pussy until she
felt clean and fresh again.  He gently dried her with a soft towel, then he put
the most beautiful nightgown she had ever seen on her weary body.  When he had
taken care of everything, Mr. Stone tucked her into the king-size bed and pulled
the satin sheet over her.  Next her lover pulled the comforter up to her chin. 
Pam nestled down with a contented smile on her face, and went to sleep
immediately.  She knew her teacher cared for her very much, for he had taken
care of his slave's body with his own hands.

She knew he was still the strongest man she could imagine, and the knowledge
that he would punish her if she did not obey him in all things left her feeling
very soft and female.

She also felt more satisfied than she had ever thought possible.  Her pussy was
sore from the fucking he had given her, but she felt so  fulfilled that she knew
she would beg him to fill her again if he showed even the slightest interest in
her body.

Pam woke again in the night, but this time, she knew exactly where she was.  She
smiled and snuggled closer to Peter's warm body.  She still felt the deep peace
and satisfaction Mr. Stone had given her by forcing her to yield up orgasm after
orgasm for his pleasure.  She felt the power of his body even as he slept.  He
was close beside her, and he felt warm and good.  She turned on her side, and
wiggled closer to him so that his limp cock would press against the silk
nightgown where it covered her softly rounded ass.  She knew she didn't really
need more sex, but she couldn't keep her hips still and she squirmed to make his
cock rub against her.  She was very pleased with herself to feel her lover's
cock get hard from rubbing against her, and she squealed with delight when she
felt his strong hands close over both of her breasts. He began working her
breasts over with a slow kneeding that made her nipples get hard and super
sensitive.  Soon her nipples were fully erect and she felt like they would
explode.  He took them between the thumb and forefinger of each hand and began
rolling and squeezing them at the same time.  Pam moaned, and pressed her
squirming bottom more firmly against his steel hard dick to make it feel even
better for him.   Pam felt as if her body were on fire from the heat radiating
from her teacher's body.  She pulled the comforter and sheet back so he could
see her writhe from the way he was exciting her and forcing her body to respond
to him.  Pamela knew the nightgown Mr. Stone had put on her was one he had
chosen because he thought she would look sexy and exciting wearing it.  Because
it displayed her body to him in just the way he found most exciting, it was like
having a sign that said, "Please fuck me hard, I need it really bad." tatooed on
her forehead.  She hoped the sight of her wiggling body in the gown would
inflame his passions so that he would force her to yield her self totally to
him. She knew that she needed the knowledge that he could make her want to be
fucked as badly as he wanted to fuck her any time of the day or night, as many
times a day as he wanted. She had to know that he owned her and could and would
take her and do exactly as he pleased with her.  Pam realized that she needed to
be made to recognized his ownership of her and his mastery over her before she
could relax and give herself to him completely.  She needed to have him use her
for his pleasure, and not give her any choice in the matter.  She knew that only
then could she give him the most perfect response to his use of her body, and
only then could she feel the total perfection of his loving her and the total
satisfaction that they both craved.

Before Pam knew what was happening, Mr. Stone had moved her little body so that
she was lying bent over the edge of the bed.  He was still behind her, and the
feel of his strong hands moving her body into the position that pleased him made
Pam even more excited.  Every time he showed her how he owned her, she felt her
pussy get so wet, her juices started to over flow and drip down her quivering
thighs"

Pamela could not believe how quickly the big man moved as he secured her wrists
in cuffs so that she was helplessly laid out over the bed.  The edge was just
above her waist, and there was room for Peter to slip his hand between the bed
and her body.  Pamela squirmed with pleasure as his hand began to caress her
outer labia.  She was already so excited that they were fully engorged, and his
touch made them feel like they had a pounding pulse all their own.  The feel of
her lover's hard dick rubbing against her ass as he reached around her to play
with her cunt lips made her writhe even more.  The thought of having him sink
all of his throbbing cock into her dripping pussy from behind made her toss her
head wildly from side to side.  Now his probing fingers had parted her outer
lips and were working their magic on the inner labia as he caressed and stroked
her just a fraction of an inch from her most sensitive places.  Pam moaned from
the frustration of having him tease her that way.  Then, before she could catch
her breath,  his fingers were working in slow circles around the opening of her
vagina.  The feel of his finger tracing that circle as it gathered her body's
lubricating fluid and became slippery began to drive the little blonde crazy
with lust.  Her hips jerked involuntarily as she tried to move to get his
fingers where she wanted them.  Pam thought to herself, "I know he loves me, and
I know I can fuck him better than anyone else ever could, so he will want to do
what I want him to  right now."  Softly, and in as sexy a voice as she could,
Pam said, "Put two fingers from your left hand in my pussy, and finger fuck me
with them.  Then take your right hand and play with my clit and make me cum." 
The words were hardly out of her mouth when Pam realized she had made a big
mistake.  Mr. Stone's fingers stopped teasing her around the opening of her
pussy, and instead quickly fastened cuffs around her ankles.  Now Pam knew she
was completely helpless.  Her legs were held wide apart by the ankle cuffs, and
her body was spread out across the bed with her ass at his mercy.




CHAPTER 6

Pamela did not have long to wait before Peter's big right hand smacked down on
her little bottom.  The sound of his powerful slap to her ass made Pam jump, but
the cuffs held her perfectly.  Pam could not believe how much it hurt to be
spanked.  She made up her mind never to do anything so stupid again.  She had
given her Master an order.  How could she have done such a thing.  She had known
immediately that Mr. Stone would not let it slide. Even though it hurt more each
time his heavy hand came down on her tender little bottom, Pam knew he was
giving her exactly what she needed.  She had almost gone back to her bossy,
snotty, selfish way of acting with Mr. Stone.  How could she be so foolish?  She
realized that if he let this go, she would always be pushing at the limits he
set for her.  She knew too that if he did not punish her quickly and well, she
would lose respect for the man she now loved, and she realized that she would
not be able to get such intense and complete sexual satisfaction from her
teacher if she broke him so that he was no longer her Master.  Only when he made
her know she was totally owned was Pamela able to find the release and pleasure
she ached for so badly.  Only when he was totally a man and held her in perfect
bondage could she be woman enough to serve and satisfy him perfectly.  Only when
she satisfied him to perfection did she receive the fulfillment she craved. Her
orgasms did not seem to do anything to relieve her need when she brought them on
or even when she allowed them to come over her while he was  playing with her"

It was only when he was forcing her to cum again and again, long after her body
and brain thought that there was not a single orgasm left in her that he seemed
to find the total ownership of her that he sought.  At that moment, she yielded
completely to him, and even her orgasms became his. He forced them on her over
and over again because it pleased him to watch her cumming from the pleasure he
gave her.  It pleased him to hear her screaming as the strength of her orgasms
made her feel as if she would be ripped apart by the contractions of her uterus. 
It pleased him to make her squirm and writhe to get every inch of his rock hard
cock as deep as possible into her spasming cunt.  When he knew he possessed her
completely,  and the knowledge that he owned her totally was branded in her
brain from the power and the pleasure of his fucking, he would explode inside
her.  She would cum even harder than ever before when she felt his hot cream
spurting deep inside her starving pussy.  It was this final cum, when she knew
deep inside that she had served and pleased her Master completely that gave Pam
the release she needed..  It was only this final cum that gave her the
satisfaction that calmed the itch in her clit and kept her pussy from feeling
empty and hungry for a few short hours. Now, Pam realized that she would have to
wait until Mr. Stone had punished her to feel him fill her as she longed for him
to do.   When Pan realized he intended to spank her bare bottom like she was a
naughty child, she shuddered involuntarily with pleasure inside.  She knew it
was going to hurt, but she also knew that with each swat of his bare hand, Mr.
Stone was making her more and more his own. She loved him for his strength, and
she found herself even more excited and ready to make love to her teacher than
she had been before"

She thought he would spank her until he was sure she had learned a lesson, then
he might tease her and make her wait and suffer sexually until he was ready to
claim her and give her tortured body the fucking she would need desperately by
then.   Why had she been so stupid?  Why had she acted like she was giving Mr.
Stone orders?  Pam was beating herself mentally  between each sharp slap of her
teacher's punishing hand.  Pam had started out squawking each time the heavy
hand descended on her bare rear, but as she became aware of how richly she
deserved a good spanking, she quieted down and began to turn her energy to
controlling herself and  learning her lesson.  Pam knew her ass hurt worse than
anything she had ever imagined from the few spankings her parents had ever given
her, but yet she still yearned for Mr. Stone to ram his hard cock deep into her
from behind.  She could feel that her pussy was even hotter and wetter than
before, and her juices were soaking her muff of silky blonde pubic hair and
running down both of her wide spread legs.  She wanted Mr. Stone's prick deep
inside her more than ever, and she thought she had never wanted to be fucked so
badly in her entire life.  Finally, the spanking stopped.  Mr. Stone did not
even wait as Pamela had feared he might.  Instantly, he plunged his throbbing
cock deep into her juicy and eager cunt.  It felt very different having him
enter her that way, and her sore bottom reminded her of the spanking she had
gotten with every thrust as his hard body smacked into her glowing red ass
cheeks.  He grasped her hips roughly, and used the hold to allow him to pound
his penis into her hot little vagina with all the power in his body.  The girl
was cuffed hand and foot.  She had been spanked very hard, and yet she tried to
thrust her aching cunt back at him with equal force.  Peter Stone let out a
shout of triumph as he rammed his aching cock harder and harder into the
beautiful blonde.  He knew he owned her completely and had totally enslaved her.

She should be in such pain that sex was the last thing on her mind, but he had
trained her, taught her, and harnessed her needs and desires in a way that made
her his helpless sex slave.  She should be crying her eyes out from the pain in
her burning bottom, but instead, the paddling had started a raging fire in her
cunt that only a hard fucking could extinguish.  Peter Stone knew he had a jewel
beyond price in the lovely young woman who was trying to impale herself as
deeply as possible on his twitching cock.

Pam knew she should be screaming in pain from the impact, but the savage fucking
he was giving her was satisfying a much deeper and more powerful need in her. 
She knew it should hurt more than she could bear, and yet the brutal thrusts of
his steely prick into her tender pussy were quieting a pain that was far more
difficult for her to bear. She knew she was his sex slave more fully in that
moment than ever before.  She knew that any pain he could make her feel from
bondage, spanking, whipping, or humiliation would be vastly better than the pain
she felt when her hungry cunt was  starving for a good hard fucking from his big
stiff cock, and he would not give her what she needed.  Pam sobbed as her
teacher fucked her harder still.  Then, Mr. Stone reached around in front of her
and used the fingers of his left hand to spread her pussy lips wide open.  With
his right index finger he began to rub over her slippery little clit in slow
circles.  Pam could not decide what to do.  She wanted to hump her hips back at
her teacher to keep his dick ramming into her as hard and deep as possible, but
she also wanted to squirm her hips forward against the finger that was driving
her crazy as it circled her clitoris.  Pam finally gave up, and just gave
herself up to her lover.  She was his sex slave after all, she would just let
him use her as he wished.  He kept the fire burning in her pussy with his deeply
probing prick, and raging in her clit with his torturing fingers. He would get
her close to the edge of what she instinctively knew was going to be the most
intense, and totally satisfying orgasm of her short sex life; then he would
start moving the maddening fingers in different ways.  It all felt wonderfully
good to the frantic little blonde, but when he changed the motion, it took her a
few seconds to adjust to the new feel of it, and she felt the bubble of molten
pleasure just below the surface of her ravaged clit receded back into the depths
of her squirming body.

Finally, Pam's tortured senses could not take any more, and she begged her
teacher to let her cum.  She begged her Master as his sex slave to give her an
orgasm.  Peter Stone felt close to the edge from the excitement of all he had
done to his lovely ward.  The sight of the beautiful eighteen year old girl with
the sexy silk gown pushed up around her waist, pumping her slender hips in a
frenzy to get as much of his cock crammed into her hot, tight, dripping cunt as
possible, full ripe tits hanging out of the lace bodice of the Dior gown,
begging to be squeezed, bursting erect nipples aching to be pinched, and the
sight of his cock going into her little hole made something snap inside the
teacher's brain.  He fucked the tiny blonde even harder than before as he strove
to give her everything she needed.  The heat and wetness of her  pussy made it
feel like he was being stroked with wet silk.  It slid so good as he pushed
deep, deep into her, he knew no other woman could possibly feel so good to fuck.

Pam's inner muscles seemed to cling to his dick as he slammed it deeper and
deeper into her dripping cunt again and again.  He knew he could not resist the
ecstasy her tight pussy promised as it milked his cock, urging him to let go and
fill her with his hot cream..  He fought against the feeling welling up in his
balls because he wanted to bring her to a level of pure animal lust in order to
impress on her the knowledge of what she really was, and to confirm to her that
besides being her teacher and her Master, he was the only man who could ever
understand her, fill all of her needs, and give her true satisfaction.  Finally,
he could not hold back any longer.  He rammed into her so hard that it spread
the tight little cheeks of her ass wide apart.  His right hand held her tightly
at her hips, pulling her back to him with all the strength of his powerful arm. 
His left hand had covered her left breast, and he was pinching her nipple hard
between his thumb and forefinger until he felt the cum start boiling up out of
his balls.  Then he covered her whole breast with his big hand and began to
squeeze the soft flesh very hard.  Pam could not move enough to help her lover
reach the peak of pleasure as much as she wanted, but she pushed her hips back
toward her teacher as hard as she could.  When she felt the first wave of hot
cum spurt into her starving pussy, Pam came so hard she thought she would truly
go insane from the intensity.  She felt like she had become a female animal in
heat, only she knew that from now on, she would always be "in season". She was
so glad Mr. Stone loved her and would always be there to take care of her in her
times of need.  She knew too that he would be taking her often just for the fun
of it so that she would never have to wait long and that she would never be
badly in need.  Now all of the sensations he had worked so hard to give her
overwhelmed and consumed her, and the firey bubble in her clit and in her brain
burst at the same time.  She heard herself screaming from the pleasure of
cumming so hard, but it was almost as if she were hearing some other woman
begging to be fucked harder and deeper.  Peter was already cumming, spurting hot
semen deep into her passion soaked vagina, when he felt little Pam's pussy
muscles clamp down hard on his cock.  It was so tight, it almost stopped the
cream from pumping out of his jerking prick. The pain from the interrupted flow
was intense, but Peter Stone was so far gone with lust that all he was able to
do was try to ram his hurting cock even harder into her tight little cunt.  The
force of his thrusts made her pussy muscles relax just enough so that she felt
tight and good to him, but it still allowed him to hammer his spewing prick
harder and harder into her spasming, cumming cunt.  Pam felt like the few brief
moments they were cumming together were in slow motion, and that each spasm
lasted hours as it wracked her body with the most incredible pleasure she had
ever felt. Her cries of passion, and her begging to be fucked harder and deeper
worked so powerfully on him that Stone came harder into his 18 year old ward's
virgin tight vagina than he had ever cum in his life.  He felt like her cunt was
sucking the semen out of his balls so hard, he was almost afraid he would see
blood dripping out of his cock when he finally could stand to pull it out of her
body.  Now, he did not care. It felt so good to finally have a woman who needed
to be fucked hard and often that all Peter could do was keep pumping his hips to
drive his throbbing cock as deep into her climaxing cunt as he could.  They both
screamed as the last drop of his cum shot into her, and the hardest, deepest
pleasure spasm yet ripped through her body bringing her the satisfaction she
needed.  Stone collapsed onto her back, totally spent.  He kept his hips pressed
forward against her as tightly as he could.  He did not want to let his now
softening cock to come out of the heat and wetness of her cunt one second sooner
than it had to.  He wanted to stay as deep as he could, as long as he could in
her still clenching pussy.  He wanted to feel her muscles spasm and grip his
twitching shaft as the waves of pleasure continued to roll through her body like
the after shocks that follow an earthquake.  Then Peter Stone felt something he
had only dreamed about.  Some- thing most people said was impossible.  He felt
himself cumming again, but he knew that Pamela had drained him so completely
that there was no semen left for another ejaculation.  Though he pumped his hips
like he was shooting in her dripping cunt again, there was indeed nothing left
for him to shoot, but that did not stop the feeling from ripping through him,
making him know he was really cumming again.  There was something a little
disappointing to him about cumming, and not having a load to shoot into her
pussy, but the feelings were so good, he relaxed and let them take over.  He 
felt as if there were another, even harder cum just out of his reach, and so he
kept pumping his cock harder and harder into her pussy, until he heard Pam
squeal with delight, and he felt her cumming again. Finally, both of them felt
completely satisfied, and Peter unfastened the cuffs and once again lifted Pam
gently into his big bed.  He still cleaned her carefully, but this time, he
removed the gown and pulled the covers up over her naked body.  Pam smiled as he
took care of her.  She loved the way he touched her so gently now, and the way
he made sure everything she needed was taken care of.  She would have happily
held him close and slept in the wet spot that would have resulted from all of
his load leaking out of her pussy, but she loved him for getting up and taking
care of her.  This little gesture showed her that he really cared for her
because even though she had totally drained and satisfied him, he was not just
rolling over and going to sleep; he was thinking of her needs and her comfort
before he thought of himself.  Pam smiled and snuggled back against his warm
body when he slipped into bed.  She quickly fell asleep and her contented smile
stayed on her face long after she had started the soft, rhythmic breathing that
told her teacher she was asleep.

Peter grinned.  He knew that morning would be there sooner than he would have
liked, but as he watched the sleeping girl and felt the glow of the best sex of
his life spreading out through his entire body, he ranked sleep very low on his
list of priorities. He knew that when she woke, needing him, in the morning he
would be willing and able to give her everything she needed.




Chapter 7

At precisely 7:00 AM Pam heard the alarm go off.  She was hoping that Mr. Stone
would not take teaching too seriously  today.  What she really wanted was to
make love, go back to  sleep, then get up about noon and after a long hot bath
and a leisurely lunch, she thought she could put in a good two hours of study
before she would need to have her teacher fuck her brains out again.  Pam
grinned to herself as she stretched and got ready to try to seduce Mr. Stone. 
She couldn't believe the changes in herself in just one short day. She had
always worn cotton or flannel pajamas to bed, but here she was in bed with her
teacher.  She had worn a very sexy gown while he was making love to her last
night, but he had removed it before they went to sleep.  She felt happier than
she could ever remember.  Feeling the warmth of his body against her naked skin
gave her a deep sense of contentment and safety.  She knew she belonged to her
teacher in a very literal sense, but this just added to her feelings of love for
him.  He was a truly strong man for he was able to make her behave.  She liked
that a lot because besides knowing that he had the strength to protect her if he
ever needed to, she felt a lot better about herself as a person because he was
strong enough to make her behave like a civilized adult.  Her spoiled, rich
bitch behavior had left her very lonely and unhappy.  She hated the way she
acted,  but for some reason she just took those feelings out on others  instead
of changing herself and improving her life.  Pam had to  admit that her teacher
really did know what was best for her"

She also was proud that she had everything he needed.

She started thinking about how she could please and satisfy him even better so
that he would never even look at another woman.  Pam laughed at herself when
this thought came to mind.  She felt slightly awkward thinking about someone
else first, but then she realized that she needed Mr. Stone, and she would need
him more every day for the rest of their lives.  She rationalized that she was
really just looking out for herself.  She wanted to please and satisfy him
completely so  that he would always want her, and this would guarantee that  she
would always have what she needed so very much.

Pam stretched, and turned over on her side so that she could  press her naked
body tightly against Mr. Stone's body.  The feel of  his ass pressed against her
pubic mound excited her, and she  could already feel her lubricating juices
starting to flow.  Pam carefully slipped her right arm under her teacher's  body
and wrapped her left arm around him.  The thought that he  was sleeping and
helpless excited her even more as Pam thought  about all the things she could do
to arouse and seduce her  guardian and lover.  She was surprised how quickly
this line of thought brought her to the place where her need for him began  to
hurt.  It burned deep inside her empty pussy, and it itched  unbearably in her
erect and pulsing clit.  Even though she had  just given up her virginity, she
felt an intense desire to have Mr.  Stone do everything to her that it is
possible for a man to do to a woman.  She wanted him to do everything he had
ever thought or fantasized about so that he would know how completely he owned
her body, her mind, and her love.  She ached to have him deep inside her and
feel the power of his body again.  She wanted to feel him penetrating her
swollen labia with his rock hard dick and filling her empty pussy so full of
hard prick that it would feel like the head was going to come out her mouth
because he was ramming it into her so deep and so hard.  But then an
overwhelming desire to give him something he had never had before overcame her. 
She knew she was fairly ignorant about what a man and woman could do to give
each other pleasure, but she felt a powerful need to do something for him that
was slightly kinky or maybe even a little painful or even embarrassing for her.
Pam knew she wanted to do something for her lover that he had never had a woman
do for him before.  She wanted to give him pleasure he had never felt before. 
She wanted to show him how completely she belonged to him.  Pam was not sure
exactly what she wanted to do, but she knew her teacher would be able to help
her make her wish a reality. Mr. Stone would know exactly what she needed Pam
thought. She couldn't wait to tell him about her desire, and her need for him
was unbearable now, so even though she wasn't sure she should wake him, she
began to run her hands slowly and gently over Peter's body.  She shuddered a
little as she caught herself thinking about her teacher by his first name.  She
knew that was his name, but she also knew he might not want her to address him
that way even though he had made love to her, and even though she knew he cared
for her.  Pam quickly reorganized her thoughts and made herself call her lover
Mr. Stone even in her mind.  She was sure that was the only way to keep herself
from slipping up and speaking his name. She turned the word "Master" over in her
mind to get the feel of it and to see how it made her feel to call him that. 
The strength of the shiver of delight it gave her frightened Pam a little.  She
knew she would need some time to get used to the idea, but she realized that
admitting Mr. Stone owned her excited her sexually in a way that was more
powerful than she had thought possible.  Pam knew that she might as well be his
slave because her body and her emotions belonged to him completely.  The idea of
surrendering herself to anyone, especially a man with such complete power over
her was very frightening.  Pam shuddered at the thought of being totally owned
and completely enslaved.  It nearly panicked her, but her hands were stroking
Mr. Stone's cock now, and her cunt needed to be filled so badly that she took
control of her fears and forced them out of her mind.  She knew that just
thinking about being a slave had made her as hot and as wet as when her teacher
had played with her body for the first time.  Pam couldn't keep her hips still,
and she was rubbing herself against her teacher's ass as she stroked his cock. 
She wanted to play with her clit, but she knew  it would only make the itch
worse.  Pam had completely accepted the fact that the only way she was going to
feel really satisfied was from having Mr. Stone's cock ramming deep into her
over and over again.  She needed him to make her cum so many times she lost
count, fuck her until she was too exhausted to move and fill her with his hot
semen. She loved the feel of his hard cock deep in her cunt and she knew she
could not live without the feel of it swelling inside her from the pleasure she
was giving him.  She knew she had to feel the scalding cum spurting into her
several times a day to be truly satisfied and happy.  Pam was not sure if Mr.
Stone was awake yet, but his prick was definitely hard enough to fuck, so when
her need overcame her, she rolled her lover onto his back and straddled his
body.  Her dripping pussy was hovering  over his fully erect penis as she moved
herself into position to  impale herself on his throbbing dick.

Pam grasped the hard cock with one hand and began to rub the head against her
clit.  It felt so good, it made her shiver with pleasure and it made her want to
feel it ramming deep into her drooling cunt even more than ever.  She took the
stiff prick and ran the head around in circles so that it stroked the inside of
her inner labia, touching her in all her sensitive places, making her need him
inside her more and more.  Then she felt herself guiding the head into the
opening of her hungry pussy and stirring the opening of her boiling vagina with
it.  Her juices coated the head and made it slide nicely as she teased her clit
and cunt opening with his cock.  Her mouth watered as she thought about the
feeling the satisfying hardness of his prick slowly penetrating her eager pussy
until she had eased herself down onto every inch of it and she contained all of
him within her.  Before she gave herself the treat she wanted so badly, Pam was
overcome with a need to feel the pulsing hardness in her mouth, so she quickly
moved so that she was kneeling above Mr. Stone's sleeping body.  Her legs were
spread and her slit was only inches above his lips.  Pam was still holding his
hard cock in her hands and now she began to lick the head with tiny movements of
her tongue.  As she began to work on the rigid shaft, her feelings became more
and more intense, and her need for a good hard fuck grew deeper and harder to
control. Her tongue began to move on its own as her instincts and her body took
over and her mind sank into a red haze of lust and passion.  Soon she was
licking and sucking his dick with every bit of her mind focused on making this
the best blow job he had ever felt.  Her hands could not stop cupping his balls,
and though she tried very hard to be gentle, she was so out of control from her
need and arousal that she squeezed hard enough  on his tender balls to draw a
yelp from her teacher.  Peter came  awake immediately.  He had been aware of the
wonderful  sensations as his lovely ward used her body to bring him  pleasure
and he had been enjoying the way she used his cock like  a living dildo to
arouse herself.  When she changed position and  began sucking and licking his
cock, Peter had to fight not to  respond too much so that he did not give away
the fact that he  was awake.

He was amazed but pleased at how totally she was concentrating  on his dick,
almost as if she were a primitive tribeswoman  worshiping a sacred phallus with
her mouth.  The way she was  sucking and licking him was so good, he was sure it
was the best  blow job he had ever felt.  When she started playing with his 
balls, Peter had to fight against the urge to tense up.  It felt  good, but he
was afraid she was so carried away in her erotic  thoughts that she would
squeeze too hard.

A man always is very sensitive about how a woman plays with  his balls, and so
Peter was mentally prepared for the pain when  Pam lost control and squeezed too
hard.  The pain caused him to  cry out reflexively, but he was completely in
control of himself  when Pam threw herself on her belly at his feet and begged
him  to forgive her.

"Master, please forgive your clumsy slave girl" she begged. "Your property only
wanted to bring you pleasure Master.  The feel of your manhood in my hands
excited your slave so much she got carried away.  Please, Master, don't beat
your slave girl."

Peter knew that he must use this situation to teach Pam a  lesson, but her hands
and her mouth had aroused him to the point  that all he really wanted to do was
bury his aching prick deep in  her wet pussy and fuck her very, very hard, until
the heat and  tightness of her cunt and the sound of her moans of pleasure and 
her screams of passion, as he made her cum again and again, took  all of the
pain away.

He fought to gain control of his need to pound his cock into her as hard as he
could.  Finally, Peter got control of himself and said, "Slave girls often get
carried away.  It is strict  discipline that helps them develop the control and
judgement  they need in order to be perfectly pleasing to their Master.  You 
had a good idea little slave, but you must learn to control your  enthusiasm and
apply it properly so that you bring your Master  only pleasure."

"Master is not angry with his girl?" Pam asked.  "No slave.  Your Master
understands that these things will happen while you are being trained.  There is
no reason to be angry with you.  You tried  to please your Master, but you made
a mistake.  However, you  were not totally pleasing, and therefore, you will be
punished to  help you remember not to make the same mistake again."

Pam turned white as she thought of how he might choose to  punish her.  She
hoped he would just tie her up and then fuck her  dripping pussy very, very
hard.  She knew that as soon as her  Master shoved his hard cock deep in her
cunt she would feel so  much pleasure she would forget the pain of being tied. 
She also  knew he needed her just as badly as she needed him.  She hoped  that
when he had creamed her cunt two or three times he would  be satisfied and would
decide she had been punished enough.  He  took so much pleasure in making her
cum over and over again,  that she hoped he would not be able to keep himself
from taking  her.

Pam knew that she had become so sensitive to the feel of his hands on her and
the feel of his prick deep in her pussy that she would be cumming the way she
had the night before as soon as he started pleasuring himself.  For that reason
she was hoping  her punishment would be having him fuck her very, very hard; for 
that would really not be punishment for her at all, but exactly  what she wanted
and needed most.  Pam was not afraid, of what  he might do to her anymore
though, for she knew the only thing  that would really hurt her would be if he
refused to touch her"

Pam thought if she could force herself to confess how hopelessly  she loved him,
how desperately she needed to feel him inside  her, and how totally he owned
her, her Master might have mercy  on her when he punished her.  Pam was sobbing
now as she tried  to find the courage to tell Mr. Stone she loved him.  She
thought  that was going to be the hardest part because he already knew he owned
her body and  could make her do anything he wanted.   Because she needed him  to
fuck her so badly, he would also know that she would be eager  to obey every
command.  Now Pam was fighting with her ego and  long years of misinformation. 
She had struggled to admit her  body was owned, but now she had to force herself
to tell her  Master, the man who owned and commanded her, that she  realized and
accepted the truth and reality of his ownership"

Even more though, she had to tell him that she would not just  mope around as
she had been taught to think slaves did because  they were miserable being
owned; she had to tell him she loved  being owned, that it excited her sexually
beyond her wildest  dreams to be his slave and his property at his command.  She
had  to confess to her Master that she loved him for being strong  enough to own
her and she had to tell him that she loved being  made to serve him.

Pam was so overcome with conflicting emotions that she could not speak, so she
knelt on the bed and kissed Mr. Stone's feet and  looking directly into his eyes
she whispered, "I love you Master."

Peter Stone knew that this would always be the proudest, happiest moment of his
life.  He had taken a rich bitch, spoiled brat virgin and turned her into the
most desirable sex slave a man could possibly imagine, and in the process, she
had fallen totally in love with him.

"Of course you love me slave girl, I am your Master.  An owned girl really has
no choice in the matter you know. Once she realizes she is truly and completely
owned, she cannot help but fall in love with her Master.  Even if he is fat and
has bad breath, she will desire him more than any man she has ever known.  She
cannot help herself in this, slave, it is part of being owned; it is part of
being a pleasure slave.  If it had not been a part of your nature to be my sex
slave, you would not have been able to please me, nor would you have been able
to submit yourself totally to me.  It is not possible to pretend about these
things.  So you see, you became my slave because deep inside you were a slave
girl.  By owning you, I have freed you and allowed you to become what you really
were all along."

"Your girl is grateful Master." she replied softly.  Pamela lowered her eyes as
she spoke.  "Please do not punish me so severely that your property will not be
able to serve her Master fully and perfectly." she said.  There were a few
moments of silence as Peter though about an appropriate punishment for his
beautiful young ward and Pamela thought about how terrible it was going to be to
be punished by a man as strong as her teacher.  "Master, may your girl speak her
mind fully?" she asked in her most seductive tone of voice.  "Yes, I require you
to speak your mind fully at all times.  I may choose to punish you if what I
find there is not pleasing, but you will not attempt to hide any of your
thoughts or feelings from your Master."  Pam got a dreamy look on her face, and
she shivered with pleasure as she thought about what she was going to say. 
"Master, your girl wants to please you fully.  Your slave wants to show you how
completely you own her heart as well as her body. Master, your slave girl would
like to know if there is a way you have always desired to be served by a female
slave, but have not found the right girl to serve your pleasure. If there is
some way your slave can serve you with her body that Master has never
experienced before, your girl would love to give her Master the only gift she
has to give, her full and eager service in any way Master might desire.  I know
my full service already belongs to Master, but your girl hopes to show Master
how much more pleasing a slave girl who gives her service freely can be.  It
would also help Master's property think of herself as having some value.  This
would increase her efforts to please Master, and therefore, the value of
Master's  property would also increase.  I know that a slave girl is  worthless
unless she can serve her Master perfectly.  Please Master, let your girl serve
her Master perfectly."




CHAPTER 8

Peter Stone could hardly contain his excitement.  This girl was responding to
him and everything he did much better than he had expected.  He knew that he
must be careful to keep her discipline consistent, but he also knew that he was
as deeply in love with her as she was with him.  He knew it was going to be very
difficult not to become lax with his ward because she brought him such perfect
service, such wonderful pleasure, and such complete satisfaction.

"All right Pamela, I will give you an easy punishment this time." he said with a
laugh.  "I have not experienced three pleasures a slave girl can give her
Master.  Your punishment will be to determine what each of those pleasures is,
and then to serve me so perfectly that I will remember your service in each of
the three ways for the rest of my life."

Pam gasped when she realized exactly what her Master had just commanded her to
do.  "Is there a time limit Master?" she asked cautiously.  "No, you may take as
long as you need Pamela."

The girl shuddered as the reality of this punishment hit her.  She knew that she
would be a driven woman until she had perfectly served her Master in each of the
three ways.  She needed desperately to be her Master's perfect and only slave
girl.  She needed to give him the gift of a pleasure he had never experienced or
she would not be happy with her own performance.  She knew that her Master would
not be fully pleased with her service until his command was followed completely,
and she could not bear the thought of that.

What if he became impatient, or had another, brighter slave girl around who
would figure out the three pleasures first?  What if he should start to prefer
another girl's service and body?  What if her Master should stop touching her or
entering her softness with his hardness? What if he should stop letting her
serve his pleasure with her body?  She was about to go crazy from her need to be
fucked very hard, and the thought of her Master never taking her and bringing
her to orgasm after orgasm ever again was too bitter a thought to consider.  Pam
knew her body would drive her mind insane with her need for him if he should
ever stop taking her for even a few days.

She fought down her panic as she realized that how well she did depended totally
on herself.  If she used her imagination and worked very hard to arouse her
Master so that he needed to take her as often as he was able, she would have
more chances to find the three pleasures as quickly as possible. She resolved to
reserve all judgement about any position or type of sex play until she had
experienced it herself and had a chance to practice it enough to be proficient. 
She would catalog all of the things her Master really responded to and would
eliminate the things that did not bring him the total pleasure she had set as
her standard of what was "acceptable" service to her Master.

Pam couldn't wait to get started on her punishment.  It was so ironic that Mr.
Stone had given her exactly what she wanted as punishment, yet the way he had
done it put the whip that drove her in her own hands.  She thought that although
he had given her license for as much sex as she could take, it would have been
an easier punishment for her if he had just spanked her soundly. Pam was sure
her Master would have been more kind to her than she was to herself.

The girl  took her Master by the hand and led him into the bathroom.  She took
him into the shower, and turned on the water, adjusting the temperature so that
it was very hot, but not scalding.  First she soaped Peter's body all over, and
washed him thoroughly, and then she took the shower massage off its mount and
directed the spray onto every part of his body so that all the soap was rinsed
away.

Pam moved the dial to start the massage action, then she guided the water stream
onto his back and after a time, she moved down to his legs.  Then, Pam carefully
slowed the water down so that only a gentle stream was flowing.  Smiling
impishly, she turned the shower onto Peter's limp dick and used the spray to
tease it. She was having a hard time waiting, so she put some baby oil in one
hand, and began to stroke his soft cock slowly and gently with one hand, rubbing
the baby oil in thoroughly.  With the other hand she moved the water spray up
under his balls, and swept the stream from side to side over his hardening
prick, adding this sensation to help stimulate her Master even more.

Peter had trouble standing still as Pam stroked his penis.  He wanted to have
her very badly, but he knew that he must wait to see exactly how she would try
to serve him as she tried to find the three pleasures he had never experienced.

As soon as Mr. Stone's cock was fully erect, Pam began to kiss the head as she
stroked the shaft with her hand.  She stopped only long enough to put the shower
head back on its bracket, then she knelt before her teacher and began kissing
and licking his prick until it was pulsing with need.  Then Pam took the whole
hard shaft in her mouth and swallowed to pull the head down into her throat. 
She worked the underside of Mr. Stone's cock over with her tongue until she had
brought him to the point of pleasure that he could not think, just respond to
the stimulation she was giving him.  His hips began to move instinctively with
the in and out thrust that was programmed into his male genes.  Pam sucked on
his prick as he pumped it in and out of her mouth just like it was her hot,
juicy pussy.  Pam was very excited because the feel of Peter's hard dick in her
mouth was very satisfying and brought her much more pleasure than she had
expected.  He was doing nothing to please her, yet the fact that she had excited
her Master beyond rational thought and brought him so much pleasure he was
fucking her mouth with pure animal lust made Pam all warm and happy inside.  Her
teacher's hips began to move faster and faster.  She had to control her self so
that she was able to breathe and did not panic from how big his cock felt in her
mouth and throat.  It was the first time she had taken a dick in her mouth, and
Pam was grateful she had given Mr. Stone a few good cums because she felt a
nagging fear in the back of her mind that the volume of semen he had shot into
her hungry pussy the first time he fucked her might have made her drown if it
all had come spurting into her mouth.   Pam was a little afraid of what it would
feel like and what it would taste like when her Master did finally cum in her
mouth, but she knew that this was the logical first step of her quest to find
the three pleasures Mr. Stone had never felt before.  She knew that almost all
men loved to have their cock sucked, and that a lot of women would not do it, or
at least would not let the man cum in her mouth.  Pam wanted to show her Master
that she was serious about taking her punishment and making the most of the
experience.

She wanted to prove to Mr. Stone right away that she could make him feel more
pleasure than any woman ever had before.  She knew the best way to do that was
to find the things other women had refused to do to please him, and then to
learn to do the things he craved better than he had imagined they could be.  She
promised herself that she would do those things eagerly even if it was just for
his pleasure.  She knew now how much satisfaction she got from making him feel
good, and besides, she knew that as much as he loved to make her cum, she would
be well taken care of.  By giving him everything he ever wanted and by doing
those things cheerfully and well, she was sure she would guarantee  herself all
the sex she needed.  Pam thought it might be an unrealistic hope, but she
realized that she really wanted to be so good for him that her Master could not
help falling in love with his sex slave.

The girl wondered as she sucked just a little harder and moved her tongue just a
little faster on the rock hard prick in her mouth if it was permitted for a
slave girl to want to make her Master fall in love.  She decided never to talk
about her desire until she had pleasured him so completely that Peter could not
help falling in love with her.  When he needed her as badly as she needed him
Pam was sure he would realize he loved her as much as he needed the pleasure and
release her body gave him.  Pam dreamed that one day her Master would whisper
his love for her, and that though she continued to serve him in all things, they
would secretly know they were much more than just Master and slave.  They would
know they were truly lovers.  Pam knew it would be a secret she could never
share, but she ached to know he really loved her.  Now she was aware that Mr.
Stone was trying to pull his cock out of her mouth, but Pam did not want to let
him calm down enough to think, so she locked her arms tight around his hips, and
kept the throbbing prick deep inside her mouth.  The girl started sucking and
licking her Master's aching dick even harder and faster so that he would not be
able to keep himself from shooting his load in her mouth. Pam was a little
surprised at her reaction, but sucking his cock felt so good to her, she was not
going to argue with the pleasure she felt just because a lot of other women
couldn't get past the idea it was "dirty" or "slutty".  Pam knew she was a woman
who needed lots of sex.  She craved being fucked hard and deep several times
every day.  She knew she would only want one man, but she wanted him deep inside
her as often as she could get him hard enough to ram his dick into her.  If that
made her a slut, then it was too damn bad.   That was what she wanted and what
she needed.  If it meant the pain of her need would go away, she would gladly
let the whole sick world call her a slut, and she would happily try to be the
hottest, wettest and best slut her Master had ever owned.

So Pam concentrated on feeling every touch of his skin against her, the pleasure
of his hands working over her breasts or pinching and playing with her fully
erect nipples, but mostly, she concentrated on feeling the raw male power of her
Master's body. The strength of his arms as he held her made her feel so safe and
good, she would gladly do anything in the world to please him. As he became more
and more aroused, he was no longer able to concentrate on making his hands work
to give her pleasure, and Pam loved feeling him lock his big hands behind her
head so that he could guide her into the exact type of motion he needed.
Finally, he just held her head still, and rammed his jerking cock deep into her
mouth just like he was fucking her pussy.  Pam was so excited by the total
response he was giving her that she stopped being able to move her fingers on
his body.  She stopped playing with his balls for fear passion would overcome
her, and she would squeeze too hard again, so she grabbed Peter's ass and used
the strength of her arms to show him it was all right to fuck her face as hard
as he wanted to.

The young girl was amazed at how easy it was to learn to do this for him.  It
was not that hard to control her gag reflex and take all of his shaft into her
mouth and to swallow the head down into her throat.  It was much easier to learn
to breathe than she had expected, and the feeling of his hardness in her mouth
was so satisfying to her.  When his cock started pulsing and jerking it felt so
good, and knowing that she had him wild with the pleasure she was giving him
contributed to the good feelings inside her.

Pam knew he was close to cumming in her mouth, and she only hoped she could
swallow his cum.  She almost panicked again at the thought of drowning on semen,
but Pam was glad sucking her Master was making her feel so good, because right
now, she didn't care about anything except making him cum in her mouth,
swallowing every drop of his sperm, and not choking or getting sick.  She worked
her tongue even faster and sucked just a little harder to bring him to the point
where he would not be able to stop.  Pam felt the cheeks of his ass tighten
suddenly, and she knew he was just about to cum in her mouth.

Pam squeezed his ass in time to the sucking of her mouth and the tormenting and
teasing of her little pink tongue on his throbbing cock head.  She backed off a
little so that she could shower all of her attention on the jerking head of
Peter's prick.  When she heard her Master growl and felt him lock his fingers
into her hair, she knew he was past the point of no return.  Her teacher began
to jam his cock deeper and deeper into her throat and he fucked her wildly
sucking mouth harder and harder.

Passion overcame them both as Peter felt the cum start boiling up out of his
aching balls and scalding the inside of his dick as his semen raced through.

Pam  squeezed her legs tight together so that her clit would be rubbed every
time she rocked forward and back while she sucked and licked the bursting cock
in her mouth.  Pam felt the shaft swell as the sperm raced up his dick, and it
felt better than ever as the twitching organ got even bigger and harder.  The
special feeling of softness on the outside, covering unbelievable hardness on
the inside touched a place inside Pam that made the girl want to keep sucking
her man's cock and never stop until he was totally dry and emptied of every drop
of hot, sticky cum. The feelings that seemed to control her actions came from
within, and the young beauty felt that this surely must be her female instincts
taking over and guiding her because she had never even seen a naked prick until
the first time Mr. Stone had taken her.  But less than 24 hours later, she was
sucking his big prick and loving every second of it.  At least Pam thought of
his prick as big because of how it filled her pussy so completely, but she had
to admit that she had no basis for comparison since she had never seen another
man naked. She did feel that she would be very reluctant to let a man with a
cock larger than Mr. Stone's enter her tight little cunt, no matter how hot, wet
and horny he made her! Even though Peter was doing his best to bury every inch
of his pulsing penis in her throat, Pam backed off a little more so that when he
started spurting his hot cream into her mouth, most of it would run down onto
her tongue so that she could taste his sperm.  Mr. Stone was barely able to
think at all because his ward had him so excited.  He was vaguely aware that she
was trying to keep him from going as deep into her mouth with each thrust as he
wanted, but he knew she had seemed to love taking him as deep as possible only a
few short moments before.  She was not acting like she was panicked, or had
changed her mind about taking his load in her mouth, so Peter tried to ease up
on the power of his thrusts.  It seemed like she was working hard to make it
good for him, so he let his ward take control.

When the first jet of scalding cum shot out of his penis, Pam was shocked at the
force behind the big glob of cum that spurted into her throat.  She backed off
even more, so that only the head was inside her lips, and then she sucked and
licked it as hard and fast as she could with her tired, aching jaw and tongue
muscles. Her flurry of stimulation was rewarded by another jet of liquid fire
that spewed out onto her tongue.  Pam was too busy sucking to savor the flavor,
but she knew it was not something disgusting as all her girl friends had told
her.  She was enjoying sucking and swallowing every spurt of his load too much
to analyze very much.

It reminded her of caviar.  It tasted a little salty and fishy, but nothing
could taste bad enough to take away from the pleasure of feeling the hardness of
her Master's cock against her tongue and the satisfaction of having all of him
within her body.

The feeling of his prick jerking and spurting in her mouth excited her
tremendously, and she found she loved the feel of his scalding cream on her
tongue.  It felt slick and she could understand why some women thought of it as
"slimy, but it made it feel even better to work over the head and shaft of the
prick filling her mouth to have her tongue coated with his cum.

Feeling spurt after spurt of his load fill her mouth and force her to suck and
swallow, suck and swallow was giving her nearly as much pleasure as when Mr.
Stone had fucked her horny pussy the very first time.

Now, Pam felt like all that existed was the big cock shooting off in her mouth,
her aching tongue and jaw muscles, and the empty, hungry feeling in her cunt. 
She wanted her Master to fill her as deep and hard as he could, but she knew
that would have to wait until she had given him the total pleasure he deserved
from her sucking mouth and licking tongue.  Finally, the throbbing, spurting
cock began to soften in her mouth, but she kept right on sucking and licking his
prick until he was completely drained and his erection was completely gone.  The
feel of his limp dick was good too, Pam thought.  It felt nice in her mouth and
against  her tongue, but the best thing about it was the knowledge that she had
done something for her man that only a few women were willing, let alone eager
to do.

She knew she had brought her Master perfect pleasure, and that she had satisfied
him completely.  It felt good inside to know that she was more woman than he had
ever had before.  Of course she would never tell him she knew this to be true,
because a slave girl does not say that kind of thing to her Master unless she
has an uncontrollable desire for a good spanking or to be chained up and left to
suffer her need without the relief of her Master's touch for several long,
lonely, aching days.

Pam realized it really didn't matter what had happened before. The reality was,
Mr. Stone owned her and was strong enough to make her his slave in her heart as
well as in law and in fact.  The girl knew she was happier and had received more
pleasure in her short time as a slave than she ever had felt in the rest of her
life.  Mr. Stone owned her, and kept her as his sex slave, but Pam knew he cared
more for her more and treated her better than any boy friend she had ever had.

The beautiful young girl also knew she was so hopelessly in love with her Master
that she would want to serve him just as much even if he treated her badly.  Her
needy body told her that as long as he gave her plenty of sex, she would feel
like all of her needs were met and that he treated her like a queen! Now both
Master and slave girl were totally exhausted.  Peter sank to his knees and gave
his ward a long loving kiss as he held her tightly against his chest.  He smiled
at her and said, "We had better hurry, the hot water is starting to run out!" 
Pam laughed and said, "It would have been terrible if it had gone ice cold while
you were cumming Master."

Mr. Stone grinned and lifted the girl to her feet.  They quickly finished
rinsing off, and then they dried each other's bodies with thick, soft towels.

Pam glowed with pleasure when her teacher showed her what he wanted her to wear
to bed.  It had to be the most beautiful gown she had ever seen.  It was so
sexy, Pam thought she felt herself getting wet all over again just from looking
at it and imagining how much it would excite and please her teacher to see her
wearing the filmy garment.  As she put it on and felt it caress her body as she
slid into it, she knew it would not be very long before she had to do something
to make Mr. Stone want to rip it off her body and fuck her as hard as he could. 
This gown was completely different from the white silk he had put on her the
first night.  She liked to think of that gown as her wedding dress, and of their
first night together as their honeymoon.  She thought maybe Mr. Stone had
similar thoughts when he choose the white silk gown for her.  It was very
innocent, yet very sexy because Pam thought (and Peter would have agreed) there
is nothing quite as sexy as an innocent girl giving up her virginity willingly
and eagerly to her husband on their wedding night.  Pam knew that besides giving
up her virginity, she had also lost her freedom and fallen hopelessly in love
with the man who had enslaved her all at the same time.  To the beautiful young
girl, this was very appropriate and fit in well with wedding symbolism.

This gown was something totallydifferent.  It was black, with the top made of
lace that barely concealed her breasts.  The darker color of her nipples showed
clearly through the lace that clung to the curves of her full breasts.

Pam felt her nipples start to swell form the friction of the lace as she moved. 
She thought it was still early, though she had totally lost track of time while
she was giving Mr. Stone the best blow job of his life, so she was shocked to
see it was nearly ten.  Peter kept smiling at her in a way she had not seen
before, and Pam was starting to get uncomfortable because it seemed like he knew
a secret and was teasing her about it.

Finally the girl could not stand the suspense another minute, so she gracefully
knelt at herMaster's feet.  She looked up at him and said softly, "Master, was
your girl's service adequate this morning?"  Pam waited nervously and could
hardly keep from squirming as she looked up at Mr. Stone.

He kept grinning, and it seemed that he was having trouble keeping himself from
laughing.  Pam was about to burst into tears when she felt his strong hand
caress her as Peter stroked her hair and looked down into her eyes.  His
expression changed, and his caring and compassion for her almost overwhelmed his
ward.  "Not  adequate dear,  it was exquisite." she heard her Master say.

The word "not" stung her like the lash of a whip, and she did not really hear
the rest of what he said as sobs shook her tiny body and her tears flowed in hot
rivers down her cheeks.  How could he be so cruel to look at her that way, and
then tell her she had not been adequate when she had done her very best to
please him. She had sucked his cock until her jaws were sore. She had taken
every inch down her throat when he wanted that. She had let him fuck her face as
hard as he wanted.  She had licked his prick so good she had made him cum, and
she had taken every drop of his load in her mouth.  She had not gagged or
complained.  She had swallowed his semen just as fast as it pumped out of his
jerking dick, and she kept right on sucking and licking until he was totally dry
and his balls were empty. "How could a woman do any more for a man?", bitterly,
she thought to herself.  Pam knew she had done much more for her teacher than
most women would do for their lover or husband. She could not understand how she
could have failed to please him, especially when she had not even tried to take
any pleasure herself.  She had dedicated herself totally to pleasing him
perfectly.  Why was he treating her like this? Pam was hot inside from anger. 
She had trusted him to take care of her, and he had cum in her mouth and left
her still suffering from unsatisfied need.

She almost expected him to kick her away in disgust, so when he took her face
very gently in his hands and made her look into his dark brown eyes, she could
not keep herself from shivering with love and need for him.  Pam felt that her
slavery was especially cruel in that moment, for her Master would not even allow
her to forget his power over her when she was hurt and angry.  He showed her
that she was powerless to resist him even when he treated her terribly.

Then she was hearing his voice commanding her to listen and pay attention.  It
sounded like it was coming from far away, but she knew that all she could do was
obey.

Suddenly, Pam was able to focus on his words, and she started crying again, this
time from happiness.

Peter stroked the little blonde's hair while he held her close to him and
quietly told her, "Your service was not adequate Pamela, it was extraordinary. 
You brought me more pleasure than I have ever received in my entire life, and on
your first attempt, you discovered one of the three pleasures I had never
experienced. You have been a perfect slave girl.  You brought your Master
perfect pleasure."

Pam wiped her eyes and looked up gratefully at her Master. "Your girl thought
her Master might be displeased with the service given him by his property.  
Your slave was feeling very proud of the quality of her work, and she was not
able to detect Master's humor when she thought she might not have been
completely pleasing.", the girl said softly.

Peter was filled with wonderful feelings of pleasure, and so he smiled even more
brightly at his lovely young ward.

"Pamela, for giving such wonderful service to your Master, you will be rewarded
this afternoon.", he said.

"Is Master going to free his slave?", she asked breathlessly.

"Do I look like a fool?", Peter laughed.  Then more harshly, he said, "Haven't I
told you the old saying, 'Only a fool would free a slave girl, and only a mad
man would free a pleasure slave.' ?"  Pan shivered at the sound of displeasure
in his voice.

"No, Master, but it sounds very wise  and quite correct to your slave girl.",
she heard her voice saying the words, but she couldn't believe it.  It was not
something she had done intentionally to butter him up, and then she realized
that she had said the words because deep in her heart, she knew they were true. 
He would be a fool to free her, and he was definitely not a fool.

Then an even more shocking revelation swept through her brain, she did not want
to be freed.  She wanted him to own her and use her body for his pleasure for
the rest of their lives because she was happier now than she had ever been.  She
knew that she needed lots of sex to be truly content, and Pam realized that only
a very strong man like Mr. Stone would be able to give her what she needed. 
Losing her freedom was a small matter she decided when compared to everything
she gained by being his slave.

First, she was not only free, but required to fully express her femininity and
sexuality.  Second, since her Master was a wise man, interested in getting the
most from everything he owned, he listened to her like no man ever had.  He 
wanted to know what she thought about, her beliefs, and how her mind worked. He
wanted to understand her needs and fantasies so that he could get every bit of
pleasure she could give him.  He was very intelligent though, and so he knew
that she could not give him everything she was capable of if she felt unhappy,
unsatisfied, or ignored.

Pam knew he really cared about her as well, but because he was truly her Master,
he would never admit any of his motives were altruistic.  Pam recognized that
this was necessary for him to maintain his power over her and thus his ownership
of her.  To the beautiful young girl, the semantics were immaterial.  She was
getting all of her needs met wonderfully well.  Who cared if it was because Mr.
Stone owned her and was doing everything for selfish reasons?  The reality that
she was satisfied, well cared for and happy was so much more important.  Let the
rest of the women fool themselves into believing they did not need men to be
happy.

Pam knew she would be squirming on her bed in futility trying to calm the
burning itch in her clit and the aching emptiness in her pussy if it were not
for her Master.  As is was, she had just finished giving him a blow job and had
taken his load in her mouth.

He had not done a thing to make her cum, but though she should be squirming with
need, the fact that she had given him so much pleasure and made him cum all over
her tongue, then sucked him dry and swallowed every drop,  made her glow with
pleasure and pride.  She knew she needed to be fucked, but yet she felt
satisfied and happy.  She did not feel like her clit was going to drive her
crazy from the burning itch of her need.  She was secure in the knowledge that
Mr. Stone would fuck her brains out as soon as he got hard again, and, Pam
thought with a smile, from his past performance, she wouldn't have to wait very
long.

When he picked her up and carried her to the bed, Pam was hoping he would throw
her down on the bed and take her very forcefully, but instead, he tucked her in
and said, "Sleep now little slave girl.  You will need all your strength to
receive your reward."




Chapter 9

When Pam woke up, she was delighted to feel Mr. Stone's strong arms around her. 
She wiggled her bottom back against him to let him know she was awake.  She
quickly remembered how badly she had needed him, but she had been exhausted, and
had not said a thing when he told her to take a nap.  Now she quickly regained
the level of desire she had felt before sleep had temporarily quieted the itch
in her clitoris, the empty feeling of need in her cunt, and the ache of her
longing for his love that burned in her heart.  Pam smiled as her Master's
strong hands began to caress her body very, very gently.  He was wonderful
because he didn't just grab her tits and squeeze or jam his hand against her
crotch.  He started very slowly, touching her all over, but staying away from
her primary erogenous zones until her whole mind and body were screaming for his
touch in her most sensitive places.  Because of this, when he did touch her, it
felt so good, she wanted to beg him to fuck her forever.  Because he was so good
at getting her boiling hot, everything about sex with Mr. Stone was better than
Pam had ever dreamed it could be.  Her own fingers knew exactly where to touch,
and how to touch herself, but even though it sometimes felt a little awkward
when he went to work on her, he always brought her far greater relief and
satisfaction than she could give herself, no matter whether he used his cock,
his fingers, or his tongue to work over her clit.

Pam stretched so she could press her ass tightly against his cock and judge how
hard he was.  She ended up squirming against the rock hard dick for several
minutes because the feel of his hard-on excited her so much.  Pam was enjoying
the feel of his hands on her body, and the silky feel of the skirt and the
slightly rough feel of the lace bodice of her gown.  She could tell that Mr.
Stone liked the feel of her silk covered ass rubbing against his cock,  because
his shaft got even harder and began to throb slowly.

Pam felt very excited.  She began to wonder how it was possible for Mr. Stone to
excite her more every time he touched her and make her cum harder every time he 
forced her to orgasm for his pleasure.  How could it be more satisfying every
time?, she wondered.  Wasn't there some kind of limit to how good it could
possibly be?  Pam hoped not.  The first time had been better than she had
imagined it could possibly be, but now she was eager to find out just how far
her Master could take her, how fully he could develop her sensuality, and how
fully he could satisfy her.  Pam hoped it just kept getting better and better
for both of them.

She really wanted to be able to keep her teacher so aroused that he spent all
his time thinking up ne ways to take her or trying out his ideas so that they
would be making each other feel good all the time.

Pam knew a slave girl could never fight with her Master or oppose his will in
any way, but she thought that if married couples spent more time trying to make
each other feel good by giving each other as much sex as was physically
possible, then there would be no time for arguments or fights.  She thought to
herself, if I was married, I'd want a man just like Peter who would keep my legs
spread all the time.  Then she realized she must keep herself from thinking
about Mr. Stone by his first name because she was not his wife, she was his sex
slave.

Being lax in her self discipline was very dangerous because it could so easily
lead to a verbal slip that would get her a good spanking, or worse, a day or
more without the comfort and satisfaction of having her Master fuck her brains
out.  As soon as she had her unruly mind firmly under control, Pam brought her
attention back to the hard dick pressing against her ass. Mr. Stone did not seem
to be in a hurry to bury his throbbing prick in her pussy, and Pam was so wet
from the feel of his body against her that she was sure she must be making a big
wet spot on the sheet from the juices that spilled out of her horny cunt and ran
down her thigh and back into the crack of her ass.  She felt even hornier as she
thought about how wet and ready to be fucked she was  just from feeling his
chest pressed against her back  and his cock rubbing against her bottom.

Then Mr. Stone did something that shocked the beautiful young girl.   Quietly he
said, "For your reward for giving me so much pleasure this morning, I want you
to tell me exactly what to do to bring you the most pleasure when I touch you.  
As a special bonus for finding one of the three pleasure I had never experienced
on your first try, I will allow you to command me while I am giving you
pleasure.  For a brief time, you do not have to observe the forms and
constraints of a slave girl."

Pam was not sure if this was a test, but it really didn't matter anyway because
she knew now that it was impossible to change what she was in reality by
pretending to be something else.

She smiled shyly and turned to face her lover.   "Master, your girl desires
nothing more than to be your slave and to be allowed the honor of touching her
Master's body and bringing him pleasure.  If Master will allow his slave to
guide his touches  slightly, Master will be more pleased with the response,
service and pleasure his property is able to give." Pam hoped she had said the
right thing, because her need for him was becoming painful, and she knew she
couldn't stand it if he decided to deny her the sexual release she needed so
badly as punishment.  She almost sighed with relief when she saw the look of
pleasure on his face, watched his eyes light up with his happiness, and felt the
lust of his gaze as his eyes caressed and then devoured her aroused body.

"That will be acceptable to your Master,  girl.", he said.  "Feel free to guide
me.  But as your Master, I command you to show me all your secret places and
tell me all your secret desires." Pam laughed and said, I will tell you my
secret desires first, because when I show you my sensitive places and how I like
them touched, I won't be able to talk or do anything except squirm, and cum, and
scream."

Peter laughed, and his smile helped Pam relax.  He was her Master, but he wanted
to know her and understand her.  Pam did not care if it was motivated by a
selfish desire to get every possible bit of pleasure out of her body or
something else.  The fact was, he cared enough about her to listen to her and to
want to know all about her.  "This is going to sound funny, but I never though
much about sex until you showed me how good it was.  I never recognized that the
thing that was making me so cross and difficult to get along with was my sexual
frustration.  I just never had the feelings I have now before you touched me for
the first time.  There was no way for me to know that I felt bad because of
unsatisfied need, because I had no idea I needed sex.  I just knew I felt
unhappy, and I wanted everyone to know.  I guess I hoped someone would know what
was wrong and help me.  I think that is why I gave my parents so much hell,
because I thought that surely they would know what was wrong and be able to
help.  As it turns out, you recognized what was wrong with me, and they did help
by making me your ward.  Because I never knew I had needs, I have not had time
to develop fantasies or think of things I want to try.  I only know what you
have taught me, so I don't even know all the possibilities yet.  All I know is
that now, all I think about is what to do to make you feel so good you won't be
interested in doing anything except making love to me in all of the ways you can
think of, and as many times a day as possible."

The way Mr. Stone laughed when she confessed that she had become a slut who only
thought about how to get him hot enough that she would end up getting laid as
often as possible helped Pam relax even more.  She  knew now that it was
possible to be his total slave, but still have an intelligent conversation with
her Master.  She felt more respect for his intelligence than before because he
was not interested in abusing her in any way.  He simply wished to own her and
give them both the maximum amount of pleasure.  He was using his intelligence,
knowledge, and experience to make their potential to satisfy each other a
reality.

Pam realized that she was cared for much more than most wives because her Master
dedicated all of himself to their relationship, and allowed no distractions. 
The irony was incredible, but Pam realized in that moment that she would never
want any other kind of relationship again.  Mr. Stone might tire of her and give
her away or sell her, but she knew deep inside that she would never be truly
happy if she was not owned by a strong Master.  She also realized that her
desire to be Peter's wife was not impossible to attain, nor was it an
inappropriate desire for a slave girl.  Pam knew that if she proved to her
Master over a long period of time that she was woman enough to meet all of his
needs, and could satisfy all of his desires, he might make her his wife, yet
this would not be the same kind of marriage that people rushed into and then
ended in divorce. It would be an acknowledgement by them both that she was his
slave for life.  On his part, he would be telling her that her service was
acceptable and that he desired no other slave.   On her part, it would be a sign
of her agreement that her slavery was a true reflection of her nature and that
she knew her true  place was serving his pleasure with every bit of her mind
andbody.

Pam could not have told anyone why she knew these things, but deep in her heart,
she knew that if they did get married, it would be a true life time commitment
for them both.

Pam said, "Most of the time I think about how good it feels to have you touch
me, and especially to have you deep inside me. A lot of the time, I think about
how long it will be before I can have you again.  Sometimes I think about how
you will take me when you have me again.  I try to imagine what you will do to
me, what you will want me to do for you, and how each of those things will
feel."  Pam moved a little so she could feel his chest against her back and the
hardness of his cock as it pressed against her ass.  It felt good to be held and
cuddled by his strong arms, and the girl thought that perhaps they had reached a
new level in their relationship.  It was strange how fast things had moved, she
realized.  Only a short time ago she had looked at Mr. Stone as a evil man who
had bought her from her parents.  He had seemed a kidnapper, a child molester, a
pervert, and a "dirty old man" to her young eyes until he had forced her to feel
the power of his body and made her yield herself to him.  From shortly after he
had brought her to orgasm the first time, something had been growing in her
heart.  First there was respect, then total slavery, and now Pam was sure she
felt complete and total love for her teacher and Master.  He was definitely her
lover, and she hoped that someday he would be her husband.

Peter smiled as he listened to her and felt the warmth of her body and the
softness of her skin.  She was a real treasure and exactly the kind of woman he
had been looking for all of his life.  He did not know where this thing was
going, but as he felt his cock get even harder from rubbing against the silky
skin of her ass, he  began to wonder if he was falling in love for the first
time in his life.  He told himself it was just very powerful lust, and to wait
to see how the relationship would grow and mature before he let his heart become
involved.  After all, she was very young, and she might tire of him by the time
she was in her mid twenties.  He planned to keep fit so that he could maintain
the vigor of his body, but one never knew what might happen to one's health.  He
knew that she gave him the best sex of his entire life, and he had already
decided that if it took an implant to allow him to meet her needs, he would do
that or anything else he could to enjoy the pleasure her body gave him for as
many years as possible. "Pamela, show me exactly where and how you like to be
touched.", he said in a low, husky voice.  "It is a little embarrassing for me,
but I think that is because this is all so new to me.  I have gone from having
no sexual thoughts at all to having all my needs met instantly.

I haven't had the time to lie in bed, alone and horny to dream or fantasize. 
All I can do is let you play with my body in the ways you can imagine, and then
guide you to the center of the target if your first touch is on the outside
edge.  We can explore my body together and find out what makes me respond in
ways that are most pleasing to you, Master, and give your slave girl the most
satisfaction.  If that will suit my Master's purposes, I can show you how I
would like you to start working me over."

Pam shivered a little inside, thinking about how careful she should be when she
talked to Mr. Stone, but he seemed happy with her answer, and quietly he told
her, "Dear, you do not have to observe proper forms of address for a little
while.  I want to learn more about you, how you think, what arouses you, and
what feels best to you.  Do not worry about making an error that will get you
punished.  Your Master has commanded you to reveal things about yourself.  As
long as you are following those instructions completely and honestly, you will
not be punished for some minor slip of the tongue.  If you truly feel the need
to call me 'Master', you may do so because I never want to prevent your true
nature and deepest feelings from being expressed, but it is not required at this
time.  I will let you know very clearly when I expect you to start using the
proper forms again."  Pam sighed and said, "Thank you for being so kind Master. 
Your girl loves you for your caring and concern. Since I am only a slave girl in
nature and in reality, I think it is important for me to try to remember the
fact that I am owned at all times.  I can not easily adjust to changes in my
status and I really need you to clearly set your expectations for me because I
truly desire to please you at all times.  I know this is supposed to be a reward
for perfect service Master, but your slave will be sufficiently rewarded in
knowing her Master cares for her enough to want to learn everything about her
body and her thoughts.  Knowing my Master cares for me enough to want to use me
fully to the very limit of my capabilities to respond and feel pleasure is a
rich reward indeed.  Indeed, the fact that bringing total pleasure to my body is
something that pleases and satisfies my Master is very exciting and arousing to
your sex slave."  Peter began to rub against her bottom a little more and he
brought his hands around in front of her and he began to cup her breasts.

"That's just right.", she said.  "It feels best when you start working me over
very slowly and gently.  My body seems to need a little time to adjust before I
start to  respond."

The feel of Mr. Stone's strong hands gently cupping her breasts began to bring
on all the feelings Pam had come to expect and love every time he touched her. 
She felt her heart start beating faster, and she felt hot all over.  She could
already feel the moisture starting to form on the lining of her vagina as  her
body prepared itself to be filled with hard cock.  Pam felt a little dizzy, and
she knew her mind was not working the way it usually did.  She felt warm and
dreamy and weak.  Her response grew stronger now, and she began to feel like 
her legs would not hold her and her knees would turn to jello if she tried to
stand up.




CHAPTER  10

Deep inside Pam knew that she was experiencing a  biological reaction  that was
part of the species survival adaptations. She was under the influence of the
human female's instinctive mating response to the presence of a strong, dominant
male. To ensure the propagation of the species, the female would lose all
ability to run or resist when in the presence of a  dominant male.  This
response prevented desirable females  from refusing to mate with the dominant
males.  Today, this  response is usually suppressed because females are encased
in  a shell of attitudes and beliefs that prevent the woman from  responding at
the biological or instinctive level.  Pam knew  that one of the results of her
enslavement had been the  destruction of that burdensome cocoon of inhibitions. 
Because  she had learned that her pleasure, comfort, and even survival  depended
on pleasing her Master, she knew she could not afford  to respond in the ways
dictated by traditional cultural  expectations.  When she learned to behave in
"survival mode"  concentrating all of her intelligence, skill, and physical
ability  on pleasing her Master, her mind was freed from the mountain  of
garbage that had been piled on her by the media and her  "friends" during her
lifetime.  Although on an intellectual level,  she felt no one would choose to
be a slave and owned by another  person, Pam knew she was much happier and was
having her  needs taken care of much better as a slave girl than she ever  had
as a free woman.

Pam knew that Mr. Stone wanted to measure the depth and  power of her responses
to him and so she completely  eliminated all restraining thoughts so that her
body would be  totally free to feel and respond on a biological and instinctive 
level.  Pam also knew that her Master enjoyed making her feel  pleasure at a
level that was so intense her mind often told her  she could not possibly stand
another  second without going  insane.  Now Pam fought to drive all the fears
from her mind  and give her Master total control of her body.  She knew that to 
really please him she must be able to respond to him so  completely that her
every moan of pleasure and every  uncontrolled  squirming of her hips would show
her Master and  herself how totally owned she was.

Pam put her hands over Mr. Stone's and  encouraged him to   squeeze her breasts
more firmly.  As the nipples hardened from  his touch, she felt like they were
so swollen and full of blood  that they would explode, but she also felt she
could not stand it  if he didn't start rolling the hard little buds between his
thumb  and finger that very second.  She guided his left hand to her  aching
nipple and showed him just how to pinch it and play  with the throbbing tip.  He
began to play with her left nipple as  she had showed him, while he kept
squeezing her right breast  with a firm pressure and a slow rhythm that matched
that of  her writhing hips.  Pam guided his right hand so that he was  pinching
and playing with both nipples at the same time.  Now  she knew she had to feel
his hands touching her most sensitive  places, so she guided his left hand back
to the slow kneeding of  the softness of her breast.   When she had shown him
the right  pressure and rhythm, she guided his right hand down her  squirming
body.  She showed him how she like to have his touch  move slowly, but
irresistibly toward the center of her  sexuality.  Her clit was already hard and
itching and throbbing,  but she wanted him to work toward it slowly so that she
would  explode with a very hard cum almost as soon as he touched her  pleasure
bud.  She wanted to cum so hard that her orgasm would  completely shut down her
mind so that she could be a  female  animal in her mating frenzy.  She wanted to
abandon herself to  him totally and cum and cum and cum until they both were 
physically exhausted.  She wanted him to fill her empty cunt  with the hardness
of his cock and fuck her over and over and  over again until they both were
simply rutting animals.  She  thought people only joked about screwing each
other's brains  out, but Pam knew somehow this was a milestone she must  pass in
order to be her Master's perfect slave and her lover's  perfect mate.  Peter
enjoyed having the girl teach him about  her body, and the feel of her responses
to his touch excited and  pleased him.  The power and depth of her responses
both  aroused and satisfied him.  Knowing he could make her need to  be fucked
so badly made his prick get even harder as it rubbed  against the silky skin of
her slowly squirming ass.  The  feelings of male pride and power his lovely
young ward gave  him brought out all of his deepest male instincts.  He wanted
to  fuck her, and fuck her hard.  He wanted to bury his aching,  twitching cock
as deep in the hot softness of her tight, juicy  cunt as was physically
possible.  He wanted to establish his  complete conquest of her by making her
cum and cum and cum  until she was a female animal writhing and orgasming in her 
mating frenzy.  He wanted to make her feel pleasure spasms  when she came that
made her feel her body was being ripped  apart, but he wanted to possess her so
totally that she wanted  only to keep on fucking him as long as he had  a
hard-on to ram  into her hungry pussy and would take him as deep and hard as he 
could give it to her, begging him for more until he had no more  hot cream to
shoot into her starving cunt or strength to move"

Peter Stone also felt something else at the same time.  He was  well down the
road to having the blood drain from his brain to  harden his rock hard dick even
more, but he realized he wanted  to care for and protect Pamela.  Her smallness
and her softness  made him feel incredibly tender toward her, but he also 
realized that she was a woman, and needed him to take her  powerfully in order
to respond fully to him.  He realized that it  would be easy for a man to become
confused and only express  the tender and protective instincts that his mate
awakened  when she gave herself fully to her man.  Peter saw that this  was the
mistake most men made which left their woman  feeling restless and unfulfilled
from misguided responses to  their woman's  "Please be gentle." He saw that to
be satisfied  and fulfilled, a woman had to be brought to the animal, 
instinctive level of response.  Of course there were some  variations, but he
thought that in the huge majority of cases, a  woman needed to be fucked hard
until she could hardly fuck but  made to want it still until her man could not
move at all before  she felt fully satisfied because she felt safe and
protected,  fully confident in the power of her mate to defend her.  Peter 
thought that the sexual experience probably started going down  hill for the
human race when women no longer had to fear the  tiger in the night or
starvation if she failed to satisfy her man"

When he put her out of his bed and withdrew his protection, it  had meant
certain death.  When technology removed the  certainty of death from that
equation, it undermined the  woman's respect for her man because she no longer
saw daily  evidence of her need for protection or her mate's ability to  provide
that protection.

Peter believed all men and women had come to suffer because of the technology
that allowed "civilizations" and safety. Without  the "survival need", a  woman
could not experience the full response nature had designed into her body.  This 
diminished response decreased her enjoyment so that the  animal pleasure of the
mating act itself was forgotten.  He saw  how this had led to the view of men as
"inferior" most women  seemed to share today.  He also believed this accounted
for  most women's attitude that sex was not very satisfying and it  was always
the man's fault"

Peter thought his experiment with Pamela was validating his speculations quite
thoroughly.  He had used slavery as a  tool to reduce her to a survival level. 
He had made her believe  her life depended on pleasing him.  She had responded
by falling  in love with him because he became stronger in her eyes than  she
had believed a man could be.  This elevated him to a status with her that
allowed him to begin to unlock her deepest emotions and elicit her instinctive
and biological sexual responses.  Of course the level of pleasure he gave her
because of this only strengthened her response to him, and Peter found himself
in the pleasant position of being able to excite her more powerfully every time
he touched her.  Since he was able to arouse her fully, he was also able to
satisfy her fully. Peter wondered if there was some physical limit to this
cycle, but the excitement and enjoyment was growing for him too, and he hoped it
would just keep getting better every time"

Now he began to work on the satin smooth skin of her inner  thighs.

As he touched her there and on her belly, her legs seemed to  drift apart as if
they were floating.  It was not that she moved  to allow him access to her most
secret places, but that her  body took over and presented itself to his touch
without a  conscious movement on her part.  Pam felt his big hand cupping  her
whole mound, and the strength and warmth of his hand  made her squirm even more
so  she would be rubbing her clit  against the hardness of his hand.

The feel of the hardness of his cock as it rubbed against her  bottom made her
want his prick deep in her wet pussy even  more badly.  One time the head
slipped down and pressed  against the opening of her vagina.  She was so wet
that the  head and first three inches of his hard shaft were coated with  her
lubrication in just a few seconds of contact.

When she squirmed more from the feel of his stiff dick pressing against the
opening of her cunt, the head slipped up into the crack between her tight little
ass cheeks.  Pam smiled when she heard her teacher gasp with pleasure from the
feel of his cock head slipping between her bottom cheeks. She knew very little
about sex she realized, but she had heard some girls spreading rumors that guys
all wanted to cum in your mouth and stick their cock up your ass.  She had loved
the feel of his hard prick exploding in her mouth and the boiling hot cream
spurting out of the jerking cock, spewing to the back of her throat, filling her
mouth, and dripping onto her  licking tongue.  She knew this was something she
would want to do again and again because it pleased him so much.  Besides that
though, she had really loved the way it felt.  Now she wondered what it would
feel like to take his hard shaft all the way up her tiny little ass hole.  She
wiggled a little more so that the slippery head pressed firmly against the
opening of her ass.  She concentrated on the feeling it gave her, and she filed
it away in the back of her mind that she liked the feeling so far.  She relaxed
the ring of muscle and wiggled a little more so that the head of his cock began
to wedge open the sphincter very gradually.  Pam  focused on breathing evenly
and keeping the muscle relaxed so that  her Master could ease his dick into her
ass if he wanted her that way.  She was very surprised that it felt good to her. 
She had expected it to hurt like a trip to the gynecologist, but instead, she
felt thrilled that she could take her Master into the warmth and softness of her
body in yet another way.

"Pamela,  are you afraid?", she heard him whisper in her ear"

"No Master.  If this will feel good to you and bring you pleasure,  then I want
to do it.  I want to take your cock inside my body in  every way possible.  
Having you fill my ass with your hard  prick feels almost as good as it does
when you fill up my empty  pussy."

"We need to be very careful when we do this so that we don't do anything that
will hurt you or make you sick.  I think we should use a little extra
lubrication to make sure it doesn't make you sorry later."  Peter reached into
the nightstand drawer and brought out a tube of K-Y Jelly.  Carefully, he pulled
back his cock from her quivering ass hole and coated the throbbing head and
shaft with the clear, slippery stuff. Working together, they got the head of his
prick to slip inside the ring of muscle.  Now Pamela knew there would be no 
turning back.  He was already pushing deeper and deeper into  her, and there was
no doubt that she was going to get fucked in  the ass.  Pam kept concentrating
on her breathing and the good feel of having another opening of her body
stretched wide to take in his hard cock.  Peter used an antiseptic towel to wipe
his hands clean, and then he carefully spread her legs and began to play with
her labia, teasing her and stroking her with his fingers.  He kept touching her
just enough to keep her hot, but he seemed to flirt with touching her clitoris
so that in spite of the good feel of having him fill her body with his hard
dick, she wanted to feel him make her cum by ramming his fingers in her dripping
pussy and stroking her itching clit. He seemed to be using his hands to guide
her body back onto his stiff prick though, and Pam knew she would have to wait
until he decided exactly how he wanted to use her today. Pam was feeling hotter
and hotter, and more and more  frustrated as Mr. Stone slowly eased his rock
hard shaft into  her bottom. After what seemed like hours to the aroused girl, 
he had begun a slow thrusting that pushed about half of his dick  into her and
then slowly drew back until just the head was  still buried in her ass hole. 
Now his hips seemed to go on  "automatic" and the slow, regular thrusts seemed
to fill her a  little more each time he pressed into her.  His body seemed  able
to maintain the pattern now, and he began playing with her  breasts again.

It was only a short time before his right hand strayed down to her belly and
began teasing her there again.  Finally, his fingers  were touching her labia
again and Pam hoped he knew how badly she wanted to feel two fingers in her
pussy, slowly thrusting deeper and deeper into her wet cunt in time with the
hard cock pumping deeper and deeper into her virgin ass. Almost as if he read
her mind, Pam felt him begin to run a finger in circles around the edges of her
pussy opening. As the finger moved around the rim, it became coated with her
slippery juices and the wetter the finger got, the better it felt to the little
blonde.   It was almost impossible for her to keep from squirming wildly from
his touch, but she knew she needed to be careful not to move too much while his
cock was only part of the way inside her.  Then Pam felt his left hand squeeze
one of her breasts hard, and she gasped with pleasure  as she felt two fingers
of his right hand slip deep inside her"

She thought his steely prick would have felt even better, but as the fingers
began to smoothly slide in and out of her starving pussy, they began to take
away the aching, empty feeling. Pam couldn't help squirming now, as the feel of
the fingers thrusting in and out of her hot cunt  began to bring her up to full
arousal.  She was a little worried that she would hurt her Master, but she could
not help herself, she had to move her hips from the feel of what he was doing to
her.  She was  pleased that her wiggling was not hurting him, and she heard  him
groan with pleasure as her writhing forced his cock even  deeper into her ass.  
She could feel that he was almost all the  way inside her now, and she wanted to
have all of him in her so  badly that she thrust her hips back against him so
that the last  inch was forced inside her.

Pam was thrilled that she was able to take every inch of his  hard-on in her
ass.  She knew most women wouldn't even try  this, but she was feeling wonderful
from having her body filled  with her lover's fingers in her cunt and his cock
in her ass all  at the same time.  Then Pam jumped when she felt the fingers  of
his left hand stop squeezing her tits and start working over  her clit.  He was
moving one finger in a little circle while he  lightly pressed down on her hard
little pleasure bud.  Then he  began to move the left hand in quick little
strokes that made  her clit jump when his finger touched her and made her whole 
body tense up with anticipation, until he touched her again"

Pam could feel herself slipping closer and closer to orgasm  from the maddening
flicking of his finger on her swollen,  twitching clit.  She knew that in a
matter of seconds she would  be at the place she both loved and hated where her
orgasm  would be so close she would feel like she could reach out and  touch it,
yet it would seem to be just beyond her grasp.  She  would reach out over a
bottomless chasm trying touch it, a  cloud on the other side, and then he would
hold her there in  terrible torment for what seemed like five eternities.  When
he  was finally ready and wanted to see her cum, there would be a  puff of a
breeze, and she would reach out just a little further,  far enough to finally
touch the cloud.  Then, the cloud would  surround her, and she would be falling
forever into the  bottomless canyon.

She was nearly there, and then, it felt as if a bucket of ice water had been
dumped on her.  He had pulled the fingers out of her pussy.  She almost started
to cry, but then she felt him ram two fingers of his left hand deep inside her
cunt.  He was pumping the fingers into her very hard so that his palm crushed
her clit with every stroke.  Pam had almost relaxed and let her hips move with
the stroke of his fingers in her pussy when he began making little circles on
the inside of her parted lips with two fingers of his right hand.  They were
coated with her pussy juice, and Pam could smell her own scent very strongly. 
She could not close her mouth because he was making her moan and gasp from the
way he was jamming his fingers into her cunt.  The way he was thrusting his cock
into her ass was making her squirm and pant so that she had to breathe through
her mouth to keep enough air going to her lungs.   Then he whispered in her ear,
"Lick my fingers and taste your pussy juice."  Pam did not hesitate, she obeyed
her Master's command instantly.  Her little pink tongue began to lick her juices
off his fingers.  It tasted a little salty, but it didn't taste bad at all.  She
could hardly wait to feel his tongue on her clit, and she was glad to know it
didn't taste bad.  The smell had made her afraid she would taste too bad for him
to want to eat her pussy.   Now she knew it was only a matter of waiting for him
to want to do that to her.  The way he reacted to her tongue on his cock had
made her anxious to feel him lick her clit and ram his tongue into her pussy. 
Pam began to feel her senses were being overloaded.  He was thrusting his cock
harder and faster into her tender ass with every stroke, he was pumping two
fingers of his left hand into her pussy, and now he began to move two fingers of
his right hand in and out of her mouth, with just the rhythm he had used when he
had fucked her face"

She licked and sucked his fingers, tasting the last remnants of  her pussy juice
as he pumped the digits in and out of her mouth.   Finally, Pam felt herself
start to cum.  She was surprised it  had sneaked up on her, and that Mr. Stone
had not tortured her  by making her wait for it.  She came hard from the feel of
him  in all her body openings at the same time.  Her clit was  exploding,
sending spasms through her uterus and making her  pussy muscles grab tightly on
his pumping fingers.

Then, she felt his cock swell even bigger in her ass.  When his cream spurted
out into her burning bottom, she could not believe how good it felt.  He seemed
to cum and cum and cum. It was as if there was no end to the load she was
draining from his balls.  Pam squirmed back against him to get his cock as deep
inside her ass as possible.  The feel of his hot semen spewing up inside her
rectum was incredible.   She wallowed in the sensation of knowing that she had
taken all her Master had to give her and that she had loved every inch of it. 
Her clit started jerking again, and she humped urgently against his hand, hoping
to bring herself off one more time.  Her Master was still cumming deep inside
her, and he had become the same kind of wildly fucking animal he forced her to
be every time he touched her.  She knew he  could not hear her pleas to fuck her
pussy harder with his fingers, and he probably could not even see.  He was
completely consumed with the ecstasy of cumming in her ass.  Just when she was
thinking of slipping her own hands down to stroke her clit, Mr. Stone brought
his right hand down to her burning pleasure center and began flicking her clit
so fast it sent her into an even more intense orgasm before she was aware she
was going to cum again. Pam couldn't believe how good he always could make her
feel and how much harder she came even when he did exactly the same things to
her that she would do to herself.  She knew it would be pretty pointless for her
to ever try masturbating again because he took care of her needs so much better
than she could take care of them by herself.    Finally she felt his cock stop
jerking and spurting inside her and the last twinges of her own orgasm had
stopped ripping through her body.  She was exhausted from the awkward position
he had kept her in and the excitement of giving up her last "cherry" had worn
her out too.  Pam was sorry she would  not have any part of her body he had not
used before after  today, but as she turned to kiss him and thank him for her 
pleasure, Pam saw that he was looking at her so lovingly, his  feelings for her
could not be denied or hidden, and she knew she  did not need to give up a
"cherry" to please him"

He smiled warmly at her and said, "You just discovered the  second pleasure I
had never experienced."  Pam felt suddenly  shy, and she looked down at the bed
and said, "Master, your  slave girl is grateful she could be the one to give you
a  new  pleasure.   Your property hopes her services were satisfactory  to her
Master."

"Don't worry, little one." he whispered.  "Your services were  very satisfactory
to your Master."  Pam's heart was singing as  she went to sleep wrapped in her
Master's arms.  He loved her! The girl slept and dreamed of a day when he would
carry her away to a tropical island paradise.  She dreamed of a wedding with
flowers every where, and she saw herself in a lace and silk gown standing close
beside Peter as he slipped a ring on her finger and then bent to kiss her
softly, but with a  very thinly veiled passion that made Pam happy deep in her
heart.  She loved the thought that her Master and husband wanted her so
powerfully and so often.




Chapter 11

Pam thought she must be dreaming about their honeymoon but the feelings were so
real, she couldn't believe it was only a dream.  She thought she remembered  Mr.
Stone waking her after  she had slept for a short time.  He had carried her to
the bathroom and put her in the tub.  The water was hot, just the way she liked
it, and he had added a fragrant bubbling bath oil to the water so that it felt
like silk against her skin. The hot water soothed her sore muscles, and made her
feel clean and feminine.  The working over he had given her had been wonderful,
but it had left her sticky, sweaty, smelly, and generally feeling undesirable. 
She was aware that her teacher had showered before he woke her.  He had put on
cologne that she really liked, and he smelled good as he watched her bathe and
helped her wash her back.  When she was done with her bath,  Mr. Stone shocked
her by drying her whole body very thoroughly but very gently.  Pam thought it
would have been more proper for her Master to have commanded his slave girl to
shower first, then bathe him and dry his body. The luxury of having her Master
serve her in this way was almost overwhelming.  Pam realized that she must not
let herself draw  conclusions from this behavior.  It had no meaning other than
the fact that it pleased her Master at that moment to dry her body.  Pam also
realized that he might have a reason he did not care to share with his sex
slave. He might want to inspect her body for some reason.  He might want to find
out if he needed to adjust her calorie intake or her exercise program.  He might
want to be sure her body had not been injured during the ass fucking he had
given her.  Whatever his reason, he was her Master and her owner.  He could do
with her exactly as he pleased.  Pam felt wonderful after her bath. "I thought
we would both sleep better after a bath, dear.", he said.  Then he rubbed lotion
scented with her favorite perfume into the skin of her legs, arms and back.  She
felt wonderfully loved, cared for and pampered.  She thought her Master should
really get a servant to take care of such things, but when his strong hands
began rubbing the lotion on her breasts and belly, she hoped he never would stop
doing this himself.  The lotion made it feel very different when he played with
her nipples, and she liked the feel of the way it made the nipple slide between
his thumb and finger.  She was amazed that he wanted her again, but after only a
few seconds of his touch, Pam knew she wanted him to take her again very, very
badly. She knew there was no correct frequency for sex, and she reminded herself
that now that she knew herself for the first time, it was very fortunate that
Mr. Stone was a man with a voracious sexual appetite.  She realized how unhappy
she would be with a man who only wanted her once a day, and she shuddered when
she thought of the torture her horny little body would have to endure if she
were paired with a man who only wanted her once or twice a week.

Yes, fate did have a way of taking care of  things, she thought to herself.  She
would never have dreamed that her teacher was such a horny man, and the concept
of him as a "stud" would have been laughable to her only a few days ago.

He had forced her to admit even to herself, that he was exactly the man she
needed.  She had not even realized that she herself was a horny little slut who
had trouble getting enough hard cock rammed into the soft wetness of her hungry
cunt to keep her satisfied.  She had to laugh at that, her body was so sexually
needy that it would be more accurate to say that for a half hour after orgasm,
she was satisfied.  After that, she was in various stages of need and heat from
a mild empty feeling in her pussy, a vague longing to be filled with rock hard
prick, and a little tingle or itch in her clit; all the way to physical pain
that  suggested to her the withdrawl pain of a junkie who had gone too long
without a fix.

Pam just let her mind go blank at that point and let her body respond to her
lover's touch.  She knew she needed him, but she also knew that her Master would
use her body in whatever way pleased him at the moment.  She hoped he would eat
her pussy for a long, long time.   After he had made her cum at least ten times
from his licking, probing tongue,  she hoped that he would fill her empty cunt
with his steel hard  cock and fuck her really hard, making her cum another ten
times before he filled her starving pussy with his hot cream.

Peter Stone had become tuned to his pleasure slave's thoughts, desires, and
needs.  He realized that one of the best ways to keep his beautiful young ward
totally enslaved was to satisfy her so completely that she could not imagine
another man even coming close to giving her what she needed.  He was determined
to give her a fucking she would never forget each and every time that he took
her.  He wanted her to feel that sex with her Master would just keep getting
better and better.  He wanted her to be eager to take his cock into the softness
and heat of her body, and he wanted her so addicted to the pleasure he gave her
that she would constantly crave his touch.  Peter thought that in this way, she
would never dream of being without him.  She would not want to be far from her
"fix", and she would be too afraid of the withdrawl pain to ever try to leave
him.

This of course was the "worst case".  What he really wanted, and what he was
getting, was her deepest love.  If he could have read Pam's mind, he would have
known that her need was so intense and the satisfaction he gave her was so
complete that she couldn't stop herself from loving him even if she had wanted
to.  As it was, her new life, even as a slave, was so much more exciting and
satisfying than that of the virginal, bitchy, rich school girl she had been,
that she would have voluntarily given up her freedom to be this happy, if he had
been foolish enough to give her any choice in the matter.

Peter was getting more and more excited as he touched her and played with her
beautiful little body.  He could already tell that she was hot and wet inside,
and he wanted to sink his cock deep inside her and let it just soak in her
passion drenched pleasure channel.  He wanted to do something new that would
bring her to a level of heat she had never experienced before so that he could
bring her to the most satisfying and all consuming orgasm she had ever had.  Now
he moved his hands over her full, ripe breasts very slowly, squeezing the soft,
yielding mounds more firmly, so that he made her moan loudly.  When he rolled
her nipples between his thumb and finger, she would gasp , and her hips would
writhe in little circles in a way that was almost too sexy for him to resist. 
He realized that Pam was one of the most highly adapted women in her ability to
excite a male and ensure that he could not rest until he had mated with her and
filled her with his seed.  Peter was very sure that in primitive times Pam would
have reproduced prolifically and passed on her wonderful genetic heritage to
many offspring.  In rasing her girl children, he felt sure the little blonde
would have given them nothing but positive messages about sex and the joy of
squirming in passion under a man while he filled his woman's body with every
inch of his hard cock.

Peter did not really want to take on the work of raising children.  He wanted
the time and the peace and quiet of a life alone with Pamela so that they could
love each other as fully and perfectly as the both desired.  He knew children
would make it nearly impossible for them to enjoy each other in the way they did
now.  Sometimes he felt a little guilty because Pam's if Pam's genes were not
passed on, there would be that many fewer real women in the world for the real
men of the next generation to enjoy and treasure.  Sometimes Peter felt like it
might be his biological duty to impregnate Pamela as often as physically
possible so that they could give the world a dozen daughters with the potential
to be the perfect mate for some lucky man, just the way Pamela was perfect for
him.

The thought of his darling's incredibly tight pussy being stretched by a baby's
head during childbirth made Peter shudder though, and he hoped his beautiful
mate would be content to give all her love to him and that all her biological
instincts would remain centered on the sex act and the giving and taking of
sexual pleasure rather than procreational urges.

Peter knew it was going to be all he could do to keep control of himself.  The
movements of her slender body and the soft passion sounds she made all burned in
his brain and excited all of his senses.  She sounded so helpless, so hot, and
so in need of the relief and satisfaction that only he could give her, that he
wanted to ram his throbbing cock deep inside her dripping cunt until he had made
her cum and cum and cum so much that he couldn't hold back any more.  He
realized that the perfection of the evolution of her species survival traits lay
in her ability to make him want to cream her hungry pussy more than he wanted to
experience the pleasure of her body, more than he wanted anything, maybe even
more than life itself.  He fought to control those instinctive reactions of his
male body to the enticements of her body to mate.  He did not want her perfect
body spoiled by bearing children.

He wanted her as tight and hot as she was right now.  He knew birth control was
completely taken care of, but he knew that on the biological level, these
response would allow her to drain his balls before he had experienced the full
pleasure she could give him.  He knew too that he could not give her the kind of
mind searing pleasure he desired to make her feel if he allowed his body to
respond on a biological level to her until the very end of their love making. 
Only then could he let himself become a male animal and give himself up to the
mating frenzy that would give her the mind shattering orgasm  he desired so
badly for her while he was filling her convulsing pussy with his spurting,
boiling cum.




CHAPTER 12

Peter bent down and sucked her nipple between his lips.  He began to lick the
hard little bud with the tip of his tongue, and then he started sucking on it. 
Pam was amazed at how good it felt deep in her womb when Mr. Stone began to suck
her nipples.  He worked on one for a few minutes, then moved to the other one,
so that both breasts were being squeezed and both nipples were being sucked so
well that all she could think about was shoving more and more of each tit into
his mouth and making him so hot he would suck and squeeze her boobs really hard. 
She could sense that his control was very tenuous, and something inside her made
feeling his burning load spurting deep inside her cunt  become an aching need. 
She began moving her hips almost wildly as she tried to rotate under him and
capture his cock with the mouth of her hungry pussy.  She felt so much
frustration she almost began to cry because he kept moving away from the velvet
heat of her dripping vagina, and she could not contain his shaft inside herself. 
Then before she could grab him and pull his body to hers, he turned so that he
could hold her labia open and look at her clit and the opening of her pussy as
he played with her.  He used his fingers to heat her more, and drive her wild to
feel something inside her cunt.  She wanted at least two fingers all the way up
inside her if she couldn't have his stiff penis inside her and feel its
throbbing head ramming against her cervix.

Before she knew what was happening, he had the two fingers she wanted jammed
deep into her needy fuck hole.  She screamed when he took his other hand and
spread her lips wide and touched her clit directly.  He got his finger wet in
her juice, and then began to flick and stroke her twitching clitoris until she
could feel her orgasm was very close.  Just as she was about to let go and cum
for him, she felt something so good, but so different on her passion center,
that she dragged her senses back to the real world to see the source of the
incredible pleasure that was making her clit feel like it was going to explode
and making  her body jerk like it was being jolted with hundreds of volts of 
electricity.  The sight of her Master's tongue touching her pulsating clitoris
made Pam tremble inside.  She had never dreamed he would be willing to do
something so "servant-like" for her pleasure.  But Pam could not argue with the
facts.  Her Master was licking her throbbing clit with his hot, rough tongue. He
was not shy about how he used it on her either.  He licked her juices like they
were sweet nectar, and he probed the opening of her vagina with the tip,
stiffening his tongue and pushing it up inside her dripping wet pussy.  It felt
very good when he thrust his tongue as deep into her cunt as it would go.  Pam
liked the way his tongue felt almost as much as she liked  having her empty
pussy stuffed full of his hard prick.  His tongue wasn't as big, and it didn't
satisfy the way the hardness of his cock did when it filled her, but the
softness of his tongue and the way it probed and moved inside her cunt and
slithered over her clit drove her crazy with pleasure in a new and unique way. 
It felt so very good to the squirming young girl that she found herself
screaming from the passion his licking, probing tongue wrenched out of her
burning, itching clit.  Her mind turned off so that all she was aware of was
soft blackness like satin or mink touching every part of her body except for the
tip of her clitoris, which seemed to glow bright red from the fire his tongue
was igniting inside her. Pam was shocked at how quickly and how hard she came
from the tongue lashing her Master was giving her.  She knew she had been on the
edge of cumming when she first felt his tongue touch her swollen passion bud,
but she had thought her shock at seeing her Master eating her pussy had brought
her down to a level where he would need several minutes to bring her to the peak
again.  Now, as her hips churned wildly on the bed, Pam could vaguely hear a
woman screaming in passion and pleasure.  Through the black velvet haze that
seemed to surround her, the little blonde realized it was her own voice
screaming and screaming and screaming out her pleasure as her Master's maddening
tongue made her cum so hard it felt like every joint in her body would be
dislocated from the way her body jerked and writhed as he made her cum. Pam had
never brought herself to multiple orgasms when she had masturbated.  Her clit
had seemed to get too sensitive to touch after she came, and so she had always
just held her hand tight against herself and ground her clit against her palm
until the last spasms finished ripping through her body. Now she began to feel a
sense of panic because her Master was in complete control of her body, and even
though her cum was almost over, he showed no signs of slowing down his frantic
licking of her clit.  Pam knew it was possible for some women to cum over and
over again, but she had never thought it would be possible for her to stand the
feelings in her clit that seemed so much like pain when the pleasure bud was
stroked just after she came.  This meant that she had always needed an hour or
two to recover before she could get aroused and cum again.  Now it looked like
her Master was going to insist that she not come down from her peak of passion,
but he would force her even higher into the sexual stratosphere by keeping his
tongue working her clit over through her whole cum.

Pam realized her Master was going to keep eating her pussy even after she had
finished cumming, no matter how painful it was for her.  She knew now that he
wanted her to be multi- orgasmic, and he would not stop until he had made her
body do exactly what he wanted.  Pam was frightened of the pain she was sure she
would feel, and she wondered if she would be sane when he finished with her
today.  She was not sure her mind could survive the onslaught of sensation he
was forcing her to endure.  The fear she felt did not keep her from cumming
harder and better than ever though.  Pam wished he would stop and let her enjoy
the peace she felt after he had put her through her paces and wrung every bit of
pleasure from her body.  Suddenly, Pam was feeling the intense pain in her clit
that she had dreaded, but she was too weak from the orgasm that had just wracked
her body to be able to resist him.  Besides, he was her Master, and resisting
his will was not something she wanted to try  again.  She knew the punishment
for such a foolish act would be a thousand times worse than anything he could
put her through by licking her clit.  She wanted him to fuck her very, very hard
and she wanted him to do it NOW. Pam squirmed even more wildly under his
relentlessly licking tongue because the pain had suddenly vanished, and searing,
burning pleasure, even more intense than anything he had forced her to feel
before had replaced what she now realized was merely a minor discomfort between
the first and second levels of sexual pleasure.  Pam was shocked at how hot he
could make her and how completely he owned her body.  She knew she would never
be satisfied with less than the total conquest of her mind and her body that he
subjected her to.  She realized she would never be content with ordinary sex or
an ordinary man.  She would always need the all consuming passion only her
Master could give her.  She wanted to use every talent she possessed to pleasure
and please her Master, but she found that she was totally helpless under his
tongue and his hands.  All she could do was squirm, and scream, and cum.  Her
second orgasm began with the feeling her clit had become a volcano. As the lava
erupted and flowed out from her pleasure center, it covered her, melting
everything it touched.  Now her whole body felt like it was made of jelly.  She
thought it would be totally impossible to move because there was nothing inside
to provide resistance to her muscles, even if she was able to make them work. 
All of her body had become a seething pool of scalding liquid.  Pam wanted to
scream, but then she realized she was already screaming.  Her voice was so
hoarse she could barely hear herself now, but she could not stop screaming from
the pleasure his tongue was giving her.  She came again before the last spasms
of the second cum had subsided, and now she felt herself rocketed to a new and
higher level of arousal.  Her heat and sexual need were so intense she was
begging her Master to fill her empty cunt with his hard cock every time she
could get enough of a breath to make speech possible.  Most of the time though,
she was cumming so hard, writhing so wildly, and screaming her passion and
pleasure so constantly that she was scarcely able to gasp in enough oxygen to
keep her hips churning in their heated circles.  Her body seemed to demand that
she move in this way though, and so it was her tenuous grasp on reality that was
loosened even more, for her body gave top priority to all those functions which
kept her cumming, and diverted everything, even blood for the brain, to keep her
at the peak of pleasure.  Pam realized that she had no idea how many times she
had cum.  It seemed that her Master had been eating her pussy for hours, and
that she must have cum hundreds of times as he buried his face in her cunt and
licked her clit until he had whipped her into the sexual frenzy he desired.  
Now Pam suddenly was aware that her lover was no longer driving her crazy with
his tongue.  She felt his strong body mounting her, and instinctively, she
opened her legs wider to form a cradle to hold his body within her satin thighs. 
Now she could feel his cock pressing into the dripping wet opening of her cunt. 
The head was throbbing already, and it was so hot that although she truly felt
her own body was melted, she wondered if the heat of him would burn the tender
tissues inside her vagina.  She knew that the feel of the steel hard dick
filling her empty fuck hole would become her only reality, and she moaned with
pleasure from the feel of him filling her emptiness with his hardness.  Her head
began to toss from side to side as he finally gave her the hard fucking she had
craved for so very long.  He was too far gone to wait and penetrate her boiling
pussy slowly, and he rammed into her to full depth with all the force in his
body. His jaws and tongue ached from the cunt licking he had given her, and now
his brain burned with his need to empty his seething load as deep in her juicy,
heated depths as he could. The lining of her vagina felt like wet satin stroking
and sucking on his throbbing cock, and urging him to empty his balls in her
hungry pussy.  His prick ached to do just that, but he forced himself to hold on
through just one more of her cums.  He wanted to feel her bucking through the
most intense orgasm he had ever given her when he shot his load as deep into her
as he could. He wanted to feel her take him as deep as she could so that the
head of his cock was ramming into her cervix as his prick exploded so that his
cum would shoot deep into her womb, making her feel more filled and more deeply
fulfilled than she had imagined was possible.

Suddenly, he felt her body being ripped by the strongest spasms he had ever
felt.  He buried his aching prick as deep as he could in her convulsing pussy,
and just rode her thrashing, cumming body while he felt the boiling cream start
erupting from his balls and rushing up to his dick, making it swell even bigger
inside her tight little cunt.  Pam felt her Master's cock swelling inside her
and she knew she was about to be filled with his scalding cream. Suddenly, she
felt herself falling, and she realized she was not able to see or breathe.  She
heard her lover's cry of conquest and pleasure as she felt all of her senses
slipping away to a place where all that existed was a soft cloud of black silk. 
Peter Stone let out a cry of triumph when he saw her eyes roll back as he rode
her little body through an incredibly intense orgasm. His own balls were pumping
cream into his lovely little ward in spurts that were so strong it hurt him, but
the pleasure of filling her so completely and feeling her hungry pussy empty him
so totally was better than anything he had ever felt, and he would not have
stopped even if he had been able to. Peter  realized that he had brought his
little sex slave to the point he had desired.  Peter Stone sank into his lover's
arms filled with a satisfacion and peace he had never known. He knew for certain
that he had indeed found the perfect woman.  His only hope was that they would
always be as good together as they were at this moment, that they would never
tire of each other, fall out of love, or forget how to fuck like rutting
animals.

Peter held Pamela tight and kept his cock buried as deeply in her as he could. 
The softening prick wanted to slip out, and the slippery globs of his semen that
filled her cunt  and womb were starting to run out of her body, and it seemed
that the river of spent cum inside her was pushing his cock out of her.  He
wanted to feel her hot tightness all around his prick for as long as he possibly
could.

Finally, Pamela's eyes fluttered open, and she wraped herself tightly around
Peter's body, using her arms and legs to hold him against her and in her as
firmly as possible.  She gave Peter the same smile he had seen the first night
he had taken her.  It was the smile of a woman who has just lost her virginity,
but who has discovered that what her man has given her is so much better, she
wishes she had experienced it much sooner, and feels no sense of loss at  all.

"Darling", Peter whispered, "You have just given me the third pleasure.  You
gave yourself to me completely so that your orgasm took you to the edge of
consciousness.  Because you gave yourself to me totally, I was able to give you
all I had.  That is the reason our pleasure today was far beyond anything we had
ever experienced before."

"I love you Master.  Thank you for the best feelings of my life." Pamela sighed.

"I love you my darling.  Thank you for giving me your best. It is truely, the
best I've ever had." Peter told her with a soft smile.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rdragon


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





