BDSM Library - Fun and Games




Fun and Games
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This couple enjoyed playing the game Trivial Pursuit: who won the game, he/she would be the master/mistress for the rest of night. One night, their sexy neighbor joined in, and later more people came for the fun and game.
This is a short story of an adult nature. Please obey your local
laws. If you are underage then stop here.

I reserve all rights to this story. It may not be transmitted to
the public by any means (such as posting to the Internet or to
newsgroups) and may not be changed in any way (such as altering
the story or title) without my expressed written permission.  




             Fun and Games (Part 1) - Paul's Story
                                
                            The Game
                                
Dear Eli-the Bearded

My wife, Audrey, and I have been married for a couple of years
now and are both in our late twenties.  Audrey is 5 foot 4, dark
haired and keeps her fabulous bawd in great shape with daily
aerobics.  I am 5 foot 7, with a broad hairy chest and all the
usual male equipment.  Although I don't have a long cock, it is
thick and when it is hard it is like a rock and is capable of
repeat performances, given the right encouragement.  

Our little adventure began last weekend.  We regularly read
erotic stories and like some of your writers had discovered the
joys of playing Trivial Pursuit with those special variations. 
Perhaps I should elaborate on the way we play it.  The
conventional rules apply but if your answering a question for a
piece of the pie and get it wrong you have to remove a piece of
clothing.  If you have lost all your clothing you have to do
whatever your opponent says for two minutes.

I guess I am a bit of voyeur/ exhibitionist.  I really get off
turning on other people with my body and watching them get turned
on.  I enjoy fulfilling their sexually fantasies.  The real
pleasure I get is in watching them getting all hot and bothered
by what I'm doing for them.  If I know it turns them on I get
incredibly hot.

Audrey and I both enjoy Trivial Pursuit because it allows us to
overcome our inhibitions in asking our partner to do things which
we would otherwise feel uncomfortable requesting.  In our game
the winner becomes the Master or Mistress for the rest of the
night.

This is one game I like to lose and I know Audrey does too.  We
have had some pretty wild evenings with our games but it is
evident that both of us prefer sexual servitude than being the
Master or Mistress.  

In preparation for the our monthly evening of revelry I had
dressed in a T-shirt but was wearing only a red G-string under my
jeans.  I didn't find out what Audrey had in store for me until
later but outwardly she was wearing a green sweat suit.  We had
just settled down to our game and were half way through a bottle
of white wine when the door bell rang.  I cursed the interruption
and as Audrey got up to answer the door I told her to get rid of
whoever it was quickly.  I was already half hard in anticipation
of events to come.  At this point I had already lost a sock but
Audrey was coasting along with out a missed critical question and
still had all her clothes.

I could hear Audrey at the door talking to someone and then the
door close and their footsteps coming towards the living room. 
Standing at the entrance to the living room was a gorgeous piece
of woman with shoulder length curly dusty blonde hair.  I had
seen her before walking by our house and had had trouble taking
my eyes off her on these occasions.  She often figured in my
fantasies but I'd never met her.  She always seemed to be dressed
to best show off her beautiful ass, tits and legs.  Tonight she
was wearing a pair of tight cutoff jeans cut so short you could
see the beginning of her ass.  On top she had one of those muscle
shirts which left her stomach bare and in this case barely
covered her boobs.  Her tits acted like a tent so the shirt hung
from them and didn't touch her body below them.  From the bounce
of her tits she obviously was braless.  When she turned sideways
to talk to Audrey a good portion of her breast could be seen
through the oversized armholes.  It was a hot and sticky evening
outside but the air conditioning in our house must have made it
seem cool and each of her nipples was clearly visible through her
pale pink top.  She must have left her shoes at the door because
she only had socks on her feet.

As they came into the room, Audrey introduced Sue who lived down
the street and whom she had met recently.  She said that Sue was
passing by on her evening walk, saw our lights on and decided to
ring the doorbell.  Sue is tall maybe 5 foot 10, and about thirty
five.

She immediately noted we were playing Trivial Pursuit and said
she would love to join us.  "You don't mind, do you?" she
announced rhetorically.  It was obvious from the way she talked
that she "knew where she was going and what she wanted".  Without
waiting for a response she immediately pulled the lounge chair
over to the glass topped coffee table where we had been playing
the game and plunked herself down in it.  "I love this game.",
she said.  I looked at my wife who simply shrugged in acceptance
of the situation.  Normally I would have cursed this interruption
of what promised to be an exciting evening but the vision
opposite me was certainly worth it.  Audrey suggested I get
another wine glass for Sue, so I padded off to the kitchen.  I
decided we would need another bottle of wine as well so I was
gone for a few minutes.  

Audrey filled me in later on what had happened while I was absent
from the living room.  It seems Sue had noticed that I only had
one sock on and asked my wife why.  Audrey just said that it was
part of the game.  With an understanding nod, Sue said she knew
all about this kind of Trivial Pursuit and played it regularly
with her friends.  Audrey didn't comment and when I returned to
the room said nothing about what had taken place.  

I poured Sue a glass of wine which she promptly downed.  I swear
in tipping her head back I could see the lower half of her
breasts beneath her short T-shirt.  Sue motioned to refill her
glass and placed the emptied Trivial Pursuit pieces in the centre
of the board.  We all rolled the dice to see who would start. 
Audrey won and proceeded with a series of correct answers and
roll again to the Science and Nature space, her favourite.  She
answered this question correctly and had the first piece of pie. 
Her next roll took her to another square which she answered
incorrectly and her turn ended.

Sue's turn was next.  She headed off to the Sports and Leisure
space saying it was her "favourite".  She was obviously good at
the game and rattled off answers like she was cheating.  When she
got there it surprised me when she  hummed and hawed and admitted
she didn't know the answer.

The surprise however was on me. Sue slowly reached down and
removed her left sock. I looked from Sue to Audrey and back to
Sue in total surprise.  Sue saw my surprised look, "Well isn't
that how you two were playing?"  I stammered, "Well, yes."
looking at my sockless foot. "Well I like to put a little life in
the game too and I expect you two to follow suit."  I looked at
my wife.  Audrey seemed to be flushed and nodded her agreement. 
I said, "OK by me, but what exactly do you have in mind?"  

"Well we play it like this," said Sue obviously in command.  "If
your answering a question for pie and get it wrong you have to
remove a piece of clothing."  What I heard so far sounded
familiar and I liked it.  "When you run out of clothes you have
to do whatever your opponent who rolls the highest on the dice
says."  My cock was like a rock listening to this and watching
the instructor opposite.  "In the end the losers must fulfil the
winner's fantasies for the rest of the night."  My God I thought,
this is a dream come true.  "Are you two in or out?" she said,
"If so we'll just make sure things are even before we go any
further."  I could scarcely believe my reserved little Audrey who
immediately blurted, "I'm in."   I said that I was game and had 5
pieces of clothing if I could put my other sock on.  Audrey said
she also had five pieces on which was a bit of mystery since she
was barefoot.  "Good, because that's what I started with." Sue
said gleefully.  "Incidently, I expect to beat the pants off you
literally and I don't want any chickening out, understood?"  I
nodded a little apprehensively and my wife did also.

"While its your turn stud, let's see what you can do."  I rolled
and headed off to my favourite area of the board, History.  I did
pretty well and soon had that piece of pie and moved on but got
tripped up at an intermediate square on my way to the next piece 
of pie.  While Audrey did well in the next few minutes with
intermediate squares she wasn't doing too well when the pressure
was on and she had to answer those crucial questions for pie. 
She proceeded to lose the top of her sweat suit.  It didn't seem
to phase her as she erotically removed it.  She now sat before us
in a flimsy white teddy which was cut low in the front.  She was
obviously aroused displaying her assets to the two of us,
parading around, bending over so we could glimpse down the front
at her full tits.  Slipping her hand down the front of her sweat
pants to stroke her pussy.  I thought I was going to come just
from looking.  Sue was egging her on. "Turn us on,babe.", she
said.  After a few minutes teasing us Audrey sat down and Sue
passed the dice to me. 

I hadn't been doing very well under pressure either and lost my
socks and T-shirt in short order.  Sue of course indicated she
intended to win and she did, at least for a while.  We rotated
turns and were pretty even in terms of pieces of pie, 2 each, but
Sue had lost her socks.  Audrey had hung in there until on an
easy pie question she came up blank.  It almost seemed like she
wanted to lose.  She stood up slowly and with a smile on her face
and looking me right in the eye, turned her back to us and
proceeded to slowly lower her sweat pants.  Having done this she
spread her legs wide and bent over at the waist. She reached
between her legs and massaged her full ass then stroked her pussy
through her teddy.  I was literally going crazy and could feel my
cock starting to ooze.

By this time I was having trouble concentrating and while I got
to the next pie square without having to answer a question, I
blew the crucial one and it was my turn to remove my jeans.  I
stood up face the women and slowly unbuckled my pants, removed
the belt and unzipped.  I slide my pants to the floor and stepped
out of them, kicking them to the corner.  Sue told me to "turn
around slowly so she could see what she was going to win."  I did
as she asked.  She, "thought I would do just fine, that my cock
looked to be big hard and ready for action."  It certainly was. 
I was oozing so much there was a wet spot showing right through
my G-string.     

I think the action was getting to Sue too although she was always
in command.  She managed to pick up a few pieces of pie in a
hurry then bombed out on one.  She seemed a little nervous but
stood up and removed her muscle shirt, not that it hid very much. 
Her big white tits stood out full and proud.  She closed her eyes
and massaged them making the nipples stick up.  A murmur escaped
her lips as she continued.  I looked over at Audrey.  Her eyes
were glued on Sues boobs and she was stroking herself slowly. 
Sue opened her eyes sat down and asked if that turned us on.  I
told her it sure did and Audrey flushed and shyly said yes.

Audrey's turn was next and she picked up a piece of pie bringing
her to three but stumbled on the next one.  It was her turn to
remove a piece of clothing, her teddy.  I thought she might balk
but without a word slowly stood up undid the straps of the teddy
and slipped it off her shoulders, down over her waist and to the
floor.  Her boobs never looked fuller and stood out.  Under her
teddy she had a pair of bikini panties which only half covered
her ass.  She held up her tits and licked each nipple.  She bent
over and let them swing.  Then she set sat down, grabbed her
glass of wine and drained it.  "Who's next?" she said, "I want to
see somebody else lose."

While it didn't take long.  My turn was next and while I'm not
sure I wanted to lose the overall game, I had this urge to free
my cock from the constraint of the G-string.  I blew the next
question on purpose.  I eased the ooze soaked G-string over my
rock hard prick and slipped it off my legs flipping it into the
corner with my pants.  I stood in front of the ladies and gave my
cock a flick for good measure.  It bounced against my belly.  My
balls were hanging full and low.  I was really turned on.  

Sue's turn came next.  She seemed to run a string of quick
answers and two more pieces of pie bringing her total to four
before bombing out on an intermediate square.  All the time her
boobs swayed back and forth.  My tongue was hanging out so far I
thought it would touch the floor.

Audrey's luck continued, bad.  She lost again on what should have
been an easy question.  She stood up and turned her back to us
and slowly eased her bikini panties over her ass.  Underneath she
had a white G-string which ran up the crack of her ass.  In this
position she massaged her ass for a moment then turned around to
face us.  Her boobs swung as she turned and the look on her face
said she was totally into the scene and turned on by what she was
doing for us.  You could see the dark patch of pussy hair peeking
out past the narrow front of the G-string.  Audrey slide her hand
down inside and began to finger her cunt.  She took the finger
out and slowly sucked the juices off her finger.

It was now my turn and since I didn't have anything on I had
better not miss a crucial question.  Well I didn't, although the
women didn't make it any easier.  I now had four pieces of pie
the same as Sue.  Audrey had three.  I moved on but couldn't get
to the next pie square.  

Sue's turn was next. She was right on and picked up a piece of
pie without any trouble but the crisis came when she was going
for her sixth and last piece.  She blew it.  She then announced
that the game was over.  I was flabbergasted.  I told her that
just because she was going to lose her last piece of clothing she
was "chicken".  She said she would continue if no one chickened
out.  I said "It's a deal" and Audrey seconded my vote.  We both
wanted to see this lovely piece of ass in the buff.

Sue stood up opposite us and turned her back to us slowly sliding
her bikini panties down her slim legs.  Her ass was beautiful and
I whistled.  Sue asked, "Do you like my ass?"  Of course we said
yes.  She then reached back with both hands and spread her ass
cheeks so we could see her asshole.  Sue then spread her legs
wide and bend over at the waist.  I love the sight of a cunt
framed by legs resting just below a nice ass.  Again I whistled
and began fondling my balls.  Audrey had her hand inside her G-string.
I could her the sloppy noises from her cunt.  Sue then
turned around to reveal her full self.  Her cunt was totally
shaved.  I love the thought of a bald pussy but had never seen
one in the flesh.  I had to take my hand off my cock for fear of
blowing my load.  Audrey whispered in my direction, "She looks
delicious.  Would you like to eat her out?"  Of course I would if
that's what she ordered.  Sue asked Audrey what she had said and
Audrey blushingly repeated herself.  Sue said that was good
because we both might get a chance if we didn't do a better job
at answering the questions. 

While true to her predictions Audrey screwed up the next chance
she had for a piece of pie and stood up to remove the last piece
of clothing any of us were wearing, her G-string which was
beginning to look like a wet rag.  She slide it down her legs and
off.  I grabbed it a licked it all over.  She spread her legs
wide and slopped her fingers in her cunt and then offered them to
me.  I licked them clean.  

It was my turn and again I faced the crucial question.  Luck was
not with me or maybe it was.  All I wanted to do was preform
whatever sexual service these women wanted.  I lost and was to be
the first to provide a service for someone.  Audrey and Sue
whispered to each other for a moment and then Audrey suggested
that since Sue was the guest she should have the honour of
directing my services.  What would be the request?  My cock must
have grown an inch waiting and anticipating my orders.

"You like my bald cunt?" said Sue.  I nodded. "Then get your ass
over her and lick me dry." she commanded.  I was over in a flash. 
Sue moved her ass forward on the edge of the chair and placed a
leg over each arm so she was wide open.  "Get to it big boy and
you had better be good."  If this was my punishment, I thought,
give me more and I dove in with relish, never having eaten a bald
cunt before.  I began by lapping around the edges of her hairless
wonder.  I had Sue writhing around in ecstasy in a minute and I
was too.  She was telling me lick her clit and fuck her cunt with
my tongue all the time.  I was getting commands like, "lick
harder", "get your tongue in deeper", "lick my clit" and so on. 
She loved it and so did I.  I could her Audrey playing with
herself too.  All of a sudden Sue arched her back and demanded I
work faster.  She groaned and I could feel her cunt muscles
contracting around my tongue.  I lapped up all Sue's cunt juices
and she sent me back to my seat to lick my lips.  This whole
scene was developing into a pleasure overload.  I didn't know how
long I could keep from shooting my load.

Sue's threw the dice next and came to the last square she needed
for pie.  With no trouble she answered the question and in two
rolls was on the centre square which was all she needed to win. 
Audrey and I conferred and decided that Geography was her worst
subject and she should answer in that category.  When I turned
over the card I figured it was easy.  We were going to lose and
be her sex slaves for the rest of the night.  The thought scared
me a little but also excited me.  What would we do?  How would
she use us?

She didn't know the answer though.  It was now Audrey's and my
turn to demand a favour, not something I had expected or thought
about.  Audrey whispered in my ear that it was a chance to have
one of my fantasies come true.  I was a little puzzled but Audrey
quickly announced that Sue was going eat her out.  I don't know
how Audrey knew it but indeed I had many a wet dream of her being
licked to ecstasy by a beautiful woman.  Never-the-less I had
never expected Audrey to ask for it.  Sue seemed a little taken
aback by having lost and didn't move.  I said "What's matter are
you chicken?  Haven't you ever tasted a cunt before?"  She
mumbled something about never but we insisted and she reluctantly
got on her knees in front of Audrey.  Audrey told her, "Lick my
clit.  Gently."  I had never heard Audrey use that word before
although she obviously knew it.  Immediately Sue set to work. 
Audrey began to moan and in less than a minute she had come all
over Sue's face.  Sue moved back to her chair.  She told us, "You
guys have had it now.  I won't miss next time and I have some
pretty good things in mind for you two."  

Audrey threw the dice.  She had been doing pretty poorly but now
the pressure of Sue's threat seemed to encourage her to think
harder.  She got on a streak and answered every question to the
point she picked up the remaining three pieces of pie she needed
and was headed for the centre.  Each crucial question had not
been without its tension as we waited to see whether Audrey would
be serving our needs.  At the same time it began to look as if
Audrey could win it all.  As I noted earlier, Audrey prefers to
submit rather than order when it comes to sex although she can
play the Mistress role too if necessary.  How would she deal with
a new situation if she won?  She had certainly relished having
Sue lap her cunt.  Before she got to the centre however she lost
her turn when she missed an intermediate square question.  

It was now my turn.  The pressure was on me.  Being nervous about
what Sue had in mind didn't help me much and I didn't even answer
the question necessary to get me to a pie square.

It was now Sue's turn and the chance again, if she could get to
the button, to win it all.  She settled in with determination,
her big tits swinging as she leaned over the table.  Her legs
were spread and her cunt seemed to hang open as she leaned
forward.  Two correct questions later the moment of truth
arrived.  "What is wrong with a man who has `Diphallic tertia'?"
I asked her.  This seemed tough enough for us to be safe.  I
certainly didn't have a clue.  She paused for a minute and I
looked at Audrey who seemed to be relieved that Sue didn't seem
to know the answer.  A smile began to form on Sue's face.  "He
has two penises."  The game was over Sue had won.  We had lost. 
After all the promises we couldn't chicken out now.  The thought
positively sent tingles of excitement through my whole body.  We
couldn't back out now.  Audrey was flushed and quiet but her
erect nipples told me she was really turned on.

                        Winners and Losers

Sue looked at us both and asked if we were ready for an evening
of sexual servitude.  I swallowed hard and nodded meekly.  Audrey
with her head hung in submission said quietly  "If I have too." 
Sue looked at her sharply and said, "Of course you do.  You lost. 
You two will do my bidding exactly as I want it for the rest of
the evening."  She pushed her chair away from the table.  "Come
over here and stand in front of me both of you."  We got up and
moved over to her as she had directed.  She looked at me and told
Audrey to take her hand and wrap it around my balls.  Audrey did
as directed.  Sue looked me in the eye and began to squeeze my
nuts.  At first it didn't bother me but then I started to really
feel it.  Finally I winced and cried out.  "That's what will
happen to you if you disobey me slave."  She then looked at
Audrey.  I was told to take each of Sue's hands and place them on
Audrey's boobs.  Sue massaged her tits for a moment and placed
each nipple between her thumb and index finger.  Sue looked
Audrey in the eye and twisted her fingers around each nipple
until Audrey cried out.  "The same goes for you.  Do I make
myself clear as to who is the Master and who are the slaves."  We
both meekly nodded.

Through all this my prick remained rock hard and I had slipped my
hand down over my cock and was casually stroking myself.  Sue
looked at me harshly and told me to, "Stop that.  We don't want
any premature explosions."  Sue then asked Audrey if I liked
being sucked off.  Audrey smiled and nodded.  "Well get on your
knees and suck him off.  He looks like he needs relief."  I sure
did.

Audrey's full tits swayed as she dropped to her knees in front of
me and began to lick the head of my cock head.  It felt
wonderful.  " Not like that.  Take him in your mouth and SUCK
it."  Audrey obeyed, although she had never done this for me
before.  She began to suck in earnest and I could feel my cum
begin to boil in me begging for release.  Sue must have realized
that I was on the verge because she directed Audrey to take my
cum in her mouth but not to swallow it.  I went off like a rocket
with gob after gob hitting the back of my wife's throat.  I felt
sure Audrey would gag on the foreign substance in her mouth but
she took almost all of it.  Some of my white jism trickled down
her chin as she continued to suck the last spasms from me.  Sue
ordered her stand up and kiss me.  Sue then commanded me to clean
Audrey's mouth with my tongue.  I could scarcely comply.  My
knees were still weak, but I slipped my tongue between Audrey's
cum covered lips and began lap up my own cum.  The salty taste
was pleasant and Sue told me to "swallow it.  You'll need the
practice."

This whole episode rather than revolt Audrey seemed to turn her
on as she squirmed about under my tongue and almost fought me for
a taste of cum.  Sue had seen enough now and wanted relief of her
own.  She lay on her back on the floor, her feet flat and knees
bend up.  She spread her legs wide, her hairless cunt hanging
open.  Her inner lips were swollen and distended.  Sue told me to
sit down and watch the action.  It might stiffen up my now limp
but still swollen cock.  Sue looked at Audrey and asked if she
had ever eaten cunt before.  Audrey shook her head slowly
anticipating what she was about to be told to do.

I had often asked to my wife if she ever thought about bringing a
women off with her tongue and she had said that the thought was
disgusting although it was her who had enjoyed a tonguing from
Sue half an hour ago.  I really expected this would be the end
but hoped it wouldn't be. 

Sue ordered her to get down between her knees.  "Take a good look
because you won't be able to see much where your going."  Audrey
gazed at Sue's hairless love nest.  Her cunt lips were swollen
and her inner cunt was very red.  I am sure Audrey could pretty
well see right up her love canal.  Her clit stood out.  Sue
ordered Audrey to get down to business starting by working up
each of legs with her tongue.  Audrey was on her knees and
elbows.  Her own love nest was plainly visible between her legs
from my vantage point behind her as her ass was pointed high in
the air.  She slowly worked her way up one leg to the very edge
of Sue's cunt then started from the bottom of the other and
worked up it.  As she came up Sue's leg for the second time Sue
told her to lick all around her cunt.  Audrey obeyed and Sue
began to squirm.

Sue told me to get down and suck and fondle her tits.  I did as
ordered although I was reluctant to leave my vantage point of the
hottest show in town.  I began to lap away at Sue's big breasts. 
My hands worked her big tits.  I don't know if it was my efforts
or Audrey's but Sue was beginning to lose control.  She still
managed to direct the scene and told Audrey to tongue her clit,
asking her "How do you like sucking cunt?"  Audrey did not reply
but kept up working on Sue's clit furiously.  Sue had placed one
hand behind Audrey's head and pulling her into her cunt.  I could
see Audrey's head bobbing up and down.  In a moment Sue began to
arch her back and telling us both "Harder. Harder."  She groaned
once and I felt her body began to twitch as she went into the
throes of her orgasm.  Sweat was dripping from all of us.  My
cock was also becoming stiff.  Sue's body gradually relaxed and
she told me to switch places with my wife.  I was happy too.

I had my face buried in Sue's cunt and couldn't see much that was
going on at the other end of her body I could here her telling
Audrey that she wanted to taste her own "juices" and to kiss her. 
I felt what must of been Sue's hand behind my head as I slurped
away at her clit and love hole.  There was lots of juices to
feast on.  Within minutes Sue's body began to stiffen again and
with her thrashing around I was having trouble keeping my tongue
in her cunt.  Her groans were becoming louder and all of a sudden
her body relaxed and I could feel her orgasm.  Her cunt twitched
around my tongue for what seemed like forever as I continued my
tongue lashing.  Sue raised herself on her elbows and said that
we were pretty good but she needed a rest.                  
  
A nice massage would do well she decided and asked if we had any
massage oil.  Audrey got up and went to get our supply.  While
she was gone Sue asked if I was enjoying being in sexual service. 
I nodded obediently and she reached over took my balls and gave
them a good firm squeeze.  She seemed to delight in seeing me
subservient to her wishes.  "I could really get off on having the
two of you on a regular basis." she announced. "If you know what
I mean."  I thought I did and the idea appealed to me.  Audrey
returned a moment later with the her favourite massage oil, green
apple, and a beach towel to spread out on the floor.

Sue rolled onto the beach towel which Audrey spread on the floor
beside her.  Audrey unasked then poured some oil on her hands and
kneeling beside Sue began to massage her back and shoulders. 
Audrey had had a lot of experience with massage and was kneading
her muscles expertly.  She slipped one leg over Sue's ass so she
was on her knees facing Sue's head and continued without missing
a stroke.  I was again seated in the chair but this time I was
more to the side but still behind Audrey.  Her ass was almost
resting on Sue's and I could see wisps hair around her dark
pussy.  Her ass cheeks were spread wide and her brown little
asshole plainly visible.  Sue's legs were spread slightly and her
bald cunt was just peeking out from under her ass.  Sue's breasts
were pressed into the floor but the subtle curve was still
evident. 

Sue perhaps aware of how much I was enjoying the show told me to
get busy and massage her legs. "This isn't for your benefit."  I
got some oil and proceeded to stroke of her right leg, slowly but
firmly.  I worked all the way up the leg and when I reached the
top paid special attention to her ass.  Her legs spread inviting
me to massage deeper into the crack of her ass.  I took some oil
and slid a well oiled finger the length of her crack passing
firmly over her asshole.  I repeated the operation only this time
paused to tease her asshole and finally slip my finger in deep. 
I worked it in and out several times.  Sue moaned and said that
it felt good but that it was enough for now.

It must be remembered that it had been a long time since Audrey
had had any sexual relief and she was obviously at a high level
of sexual excitement.  While continuing to stroke Sue's ass, I
used one hand to massage Audrey's ass.  The reaction from Audrey
was instantaneous.  She groaned and began to rotate her ass
against my hand.  In a moment her entire ass was covered in oil. 
Using one finger I started to slip down the crack of her ass and
gently massaged her asshole.  I than slipped the finger up her
rectum.  Audrey began to pump on my finger and Sue looked around
to find out what was going on.  "What's going on back there?" 
Audrey continued to move but neither of us responded for a
moment.  "Well!" said Sue.  "I have a finger up her ass and she
is getting off on it too.", I finally responded.  "Well I didn't
instruct you to do that.  You will be punished for that.  In the
mean time stop it and don't touch each other again unless I tell
you to."  My finger popped out of her asshole and I gather up
some oil and went back to Sue's left leg and began massaging in
earnest from her toes up.  I trembled with excitement at what
might now be in store for me as a result of my pleasurable
indiscretion in Audrey's asshole.  

Once I reached the top of Sue's leg I reached under and began to
stroke around her hairless cunt.  The feeling was beyond
description and Sue was becoming increasingly aroused. Sue told
us she was going to roll over and we could work on her front. 
Audrey stood up and was standing above Sue with a leg on either
side of her body as Sue rolled over onto her back.  As Sue looked
up from the floor Audrey's cunt was directly above her and, with
her legs spread, was wide open.  "Quite a sight" Sue said looking
straight up at Audrey's cunt, not three feet away.  "When was the
last time you fingered yourself off for an audience, other than
him?  I'm sure he enjoys a show from time to time."  After a long
pause Audrey choked out with emotion  "I've often thought about
it, but I'd never be able to do it in front of anyone except my
husband."  I could vouch for that because it had taken me a long
time for me to convince her to masturbate for my viewing pleasure
alone. "Well this is your big chance. Go to it.", Sue said and
told me to move around the front where I could see.  Audrey
didn't move though and looked at Sue and asked excitedly if she
really wanted her "to diddle herself in front of us."  Audrey
seemed to really excited about the prospect but wanted the
responsibility for having to do something "dirty" on someone
else.  "Of course I do." Sue told her.  My cock was a positive
indication of the excitement I felt.  It was harder than I have
ever known it.  

Sue told her start fondling her nipples.  Audrey gazed down at
her right breast and began to caress then moving to the nipple. 
She used her fingers to gently stroke it and raised it to her
mouth.  She tongued the very tip and the nipple responded by
growing until it must have stood half an inch from the rest of
her big breast.  I had never seen her do this before.  She now
moved to her left breast and repeated the process with the same
result.  Sue now told Audrey to stroke her torso and then to
massage her ass.  Audrey was really getting into this.  Her eyes
were closed and her face was a picture of concentration.  Sue now
told Audrey to slip her hand lower down her ass and diddle her
cunt from behind.  From Sue's view point the sight of Audrey's
finger reaching into what must have been her wide open love nest
must have been something.  I could only see that Audrey had her
finger in up to her second knuckle.  Sue told her to put a finger
in from the front and stir her juices around.  Audrey's eyes
never opened as she and her hands worked away at their assigned
task.  Sue in total control told her to remove her fingers and
suck them off.  I had asked Audrey to do this before but she had
said it was dirty but she didn't hesitate here.  In fact it
seemed that Audrey was into subservience as was being practised
now beyond my wildest expectations.

Sue all of a sudden realized that I was simply observing and
decided that I could make myself useful by teasing her cunt with
my tongue.  I obeyed the command although for me it was a
pleasure rather than an order.  I could taste the massage oil and
smell it's poignant green apple odour around her hairless cunt
where a few minutes before only my hands had been there to tease
her.  I was missing the show up above though but not for long
because Sue told Audrey to use one hand to hold her cunt lips
open wide while she massaged her clit.  A moment later I could
hear Audrey groaning and from past experience I knew she was
having a powerful orgasm.  I continued to lap at Sue's open twat. 
A moment later it was all over for Audrey.  She went quiet.  I
heard Sue ask her how it was.  I was astounded when I heard
Audrey reply that it was "fucking wonderful and knowing you were
watching me finger my cunt drove me over the top."  I love the
sound of women talking "dirty" but I had never been able to
persuade her to do so for me.  Audrey was really coming out of
the sexual closet.  I could scarcely believe what I was hearing.

Sue told me I could stop and continue my massage with her breasts
while Audrey took over my job on her cunt.  That was O.K. by me. 
I poured some of the oil on Sue's big breasts and began in
earnest while Audrey, as was becoming her habit, knelt between
Sue's outspread legs and placed her tongue where mine had just
been.  Sue immediately began to squirm about and I had trouble
keeping her full tits within my grasp especially as they were now
covered in oil.  Obviously Audrey's tongue was a much better
stimulant than mine.  In a matter of minutes Sue body began to
stiffen as she arched her ass higher and higher off the floor. 
Under my efforts her nipples grew and stiffened.  She stopped
breathing and her face become contorted.  Finally with a loud
groan she collapsed on the floor and she went into a seemingly
endless orgasm.  I am sure Audrey could feel the effect she had
had with her tongue which was no doubt being squeezed hard with
ever contraction of Sue's cunt.  Audrey and I continued our
efforts and finally as Sue's breathing returned to normal she
said she had enough for the moment and directed us to stop.       

Sue looked at me.  "What are we going to do with you?" she said
obviously referring to how I had got carried away playing with
Audrey's ass.  She looked over to Audrey and asked her what she
thought would be a suitable punishment.  Audrey didn't have any
suggestions.  Sue decided that she would think about it and I
could just wait.  I was both apprehensive and excited about what
Sue might come up with.  I could certainly offer her some
suggestions of things I wouldn't want to do but she might find
sexually exciting.  The fact that they might be sexually exciting
to her on the other hand made them exciting to me. 
 
After a moment Sue looked appreciatively at Audrey and said, "You
were incredible Audrey.  Where did you learn to use your tongue
like that?  You must have done this before."  Audrey didn't reply
to the obvious question.  Sue asked again, "Have you eaten cunt
before?"  Audrey without making eye contact with Sue said no, but
it wasn't very convincing.  Sue turned her head and looked at my
cock which was only inches from her face. I was still on my knees
by her side.  My cock was hard as a rock.  Sue decided that she
would like to taste my cum but announced that she wasn't about to
take my cock in her mouth or even work me off with her hands. 
She told me to "Whack off." for her and make sure I spilled all
of my load in her open mouth.  "No doubt you know how to do it."
she said.  I took some oil from her belly and wrapped my left
fist around my hardened prick.  I settled into a leisurely
stroke, bringing my hand over the top of my cock with each
stroke.  The feeling was incredible and I wasn't going to last
very long even though I had come in Audrey's mouth just over an
hour earlier.  Sue's eyes were fixed on the end of my prick but
she reached down and massaged her tits.  She reached over and
began to fondle my balls.  A moment later I could feel her slide
a long oil covered finger higher up my backside and begin to
tickle my asshole.  I moaned and she slide the finger right up my
ass.  The finger began to tease my prostrate and I started come. 
The bursts of white jism were strong and shot through the few
inches separating us into Sue's open mouth.  As my spasms died
away Sue licked her lips and slid her finger from my asshole.  I
was totally wasted and sat back on the floor.

Sue remarked that I tasted pretty good.  She looked at me for a
minute and then Audrey who had been watching the whole episode
with keen interest.  She seemed to be deep in thought as if she
wasn't sure how we should proceed from here.  It was nearly
midnight now and Sue announced that we all needed to clean up and
get some more wine and food before continuing.  She decided that
I should take a shower, get cleaned up, make us some snacks and
replenish the wine supply.  Audrey would give Sue a bath and
clean herself up and we would resume our servile activities in an
hour.  She told me that I should put something sexy on but not
cover myself up too much.  She cautioned me that I wasn't to get
myself turned on without her permission.  That wasn't going to be
easy.  The two women got up and left the room and headed for our
oversize bathtub off the master bathroom.  Audrey lead the way
and I could see Sue eyeing her ass as it bounced up the stairs. 
I picked up the oil, assorted clothes and towel from the floor
and headed off to have a shower in the guest room.  I could hear
the water running in the master bathroom and wondered what was
happening there.  My imagination was running rampant.  It wasn't
till later the next week that Audrey told me what had happened. 
The following is really based on Audrey's story told to me. 
Incidently the telling alone really got Audrey and I turned on.

As they headed up to the bathroom Audrey was keenly aware that
Sue was eyeing her ass.  She poured a warm bath and added some
bath oils at Sue's suggestion and helped Sue into the bath.  Sue
lay there leisurely for a few minutes and then told Audrey to get
in at the other end.  Well our bath is one of those that which is
tapered at both ends, and a foot wider than normal.  The taps are
located on the side in the centre so it comfortable to lie at
either end.  Audrey then was told to soap her hands and wash Sue. 
She did this and Sue made sure she paid special attention to the
area of her cunt, breasts and ass.  She told Sue to soap up her
hands again and clean her asshole especially well and even to
stick a soapy finger inside and clean there too.  Audrey then was
told to do the same for her body.  Sue emphasized the need to pay
special attention to her asshole as well.  Audrey confessed later
that this was really turning her on and she was almost to the
point of asking permission to bring herself off to get relief. 
The two of them then got out of the tub and Audrey got some big
towels and dried Sue and herself off.

Sue then told Audrey to sit on the edge of the bathroom counter.
Sue apparently sat on the toilet next to the counter and told
Audrey to spread her legs as wide as she could and use one hand
to hold herself wide open.  Audrey said Sue gazed at her cunt for
a few minutes and told her that she was beautiful.  She then
suggested that she would look even better if her cunt was shaved. 
"I am sure your husband would really love that.  What do you
think?"  Audrey told me she was unsure but in the spirit of the
evening and for my benefit she said O.K..

Audrey was told that a pair of good scissors, some shaving cream
and a good sharp razor would be needed.  She retrieved the
articles from the drawer in the bathroom vanity and resumed her
position her ass perched on the edge of the counter.  She said
that her legs were spread leaving her totally exposed.  Sue took
the scissors and snipped away most of the dark curly hair around
Audrey's pussy.  Sue then took a face cloth and ran it under the
hot water until it was very hot and draped it over Audrey's
genitals for a few minutes to warm everything up.  Audrey said it
was really hot at first but after a few minutes felt really nice. 
Sue then took the can of shaving cream and sprayed a generous
amount into her hand and spread it on Audrey's exposed pussy. 
Sue rubbed it in well to the remaining hair and Audrey told me
she started to get hot and bothered again.  Sue took the razor
and told Audrey not to worry.  She worked quickly and smoothly
starting on the easy areas furthest from her cunt lips.  The
delicate task of removing the last remanents of hair came next. 
Sue assured Audrey not to worry that she knew what she was doing
and had done it many times before.  She slowly worked her way
down one lip than the other holding the skin taught and firmly
with her fingers.  She even made sure there were no traces in the
crack of her ass.  She then handed Audrey the face cloth and told
her to clean up the rest of the shaving cream and take a look.

Audrey said the first sight was quite something.  It made her
look like a little girl but her cunt lips were swollen and her
inner lips protruded slightly out even with her legs closed. 
This was because she was so sexually excited, I expect.  Sue gave
her some cream to rub on the shaved area but this gentle massage
only excited Audrey more.  Finally Sue said "You look good enough
to eat." and told Audrey to stay where she was.  Sue bent over
placed her lips of the newly shaven area and licked all around
it.  She then pushed her tongue deep into Audrey's now bald cunt
and began to lap her juices.  In a moment she began to flick her
tongue over her distended clit and Audrey tensed and went into
orgasm.

The two returned to our bedroom and after some thought decided
that they would tease me by each wearing only a men's short
sleeve dress shirt.  They were a vision when they reappeared in
the living room.  The shirts were really too large and they had
left the top four buttons undone so the swell of their breasts
were clearly visible through the gap in the material.  The shirts
extended just far enough down their legs so that from behind you
could just see the start of their asses.  From the front they
started half way from their knees to their crotches.  Of course
each side of the shirts were split to the ladies waists.  As they
moved I could catch glimpses of flesh which were not revealed
when they stood still.

Prior to their arrival I had decided that I would put on my red
G-string again and that seemed to please Sue who again took
command of the situation as was her right by victory to do.  I
had pushed the arm chair that Sue had sat in back across the room
and cleaned up the Trivial Pursuit game.  I had opened another
bottle of wine and put some cheese and crackers on a tray along
with a few bowls of peanuts and cashews.  The trays were on the
coffee table when the ladies arrived.  I poured each of the
ladies and myself a fresh glass of wine.  Sue had resumed her
seat in the big arm chair and Audrey sat on one end of the couch. 
As I carried the wine over to Sue I could plainly see her boobs
as her shirt hung open.  Because the lower buttons of her shirt
were also unbuttoned it hung open and I could again see the
beginning of her hairless cunt.

Sue told Audrey to pass the food around and Audrey started with
me.  She had to bend quite low to get the food where I could see
it and I could look right down her open shirt.  I noted that her
nipples were protruding.  Audrey smiled at me and then moved over
to Sue.  This time I was looking at her backside as she bend over
her shirt rose up and her cunt was clearly visible below her only
half covered ass.  It was then I realized Audrey too had been
shaved clean.  My chin nearly hit the floor.  Sue noticed my
reaction at once and asked if I liked what I saw.  I nodded and
asked her if I could cop a feel.  Sue said O.K. but only a short
feel and no funny stuff.  She took the tray from Audrey and told
her stay bent over but spread her feet further apart.  I came up
behind Audrey on my knees and reached between her legs.  Her skin
felt so soft and smooth.  I could feel the lips of her pussy.  I
wanted to slip a finger into her but dared not.  Sue saw that I
was getting too involved and told me that was enough.  I was told
to return to my seat.  Sue told Audrey to stand up and Sue slowly
opened the remainder of the buttons on Audrey's shirt.  She then
had her return to her seat on the couch next to me. 

"You really like looking at sex in action, don't you?"  Sue said. 
I admitted that I really got turned on watching others getting
turned on.  "I suppose you masturbate frequently."   I nodded
somewhat embarrassed by the personal direction the conversation
was taking but Sue was in charge and I was bound to obey her. 
"When was the last time before tonight."  I thought and responded
that Audrey had been off at some meeting last Wednesday and I had
pulled out some old issues of Penthouse Letters and when I got
hard stroked off.  "Do you ever do it for her?"  "Not often.", I
said.  "I've offered to but she rarely takes me up."  "I see.",
Sue said.  "Then you like performing for an audience?" I had to
admit that I was shy about it but got a real charge out of
gambling with my body for visual favours from others.  "To-night
must be a real charge for you then?"  I nodded emphatically. 
"Have you ever done this with other's than Audrey?"  I had never
told Audrey this story but it seemed I was bound to admit it now.
"Tell us about it."  Sue ordered when she discovered I had a
story to tell.

I began by explaining that before we were married I use to play
cards with Bob and Ralph.  One night we were really into the beer
and during the game the conversation was all sex.  Bob suggested
that we play strip poker.  Ralph said sure and not wanting to be
a party pooper I said "O.K.".  In a few short hands we were all
sitting in our underwear.  In the next few hands we all lost and
believe it or not we all had pretty good hard ons.  Ralph said
that the next loser would have to give the winner a blow job.  I
was pretty nervous about this but gulped down my beer and we
played the next hand.  Ralph lost and Bob won.  Bob pushed his
chair back and waited for Ralph to go down on him.  I couldn't
believe this was happening.  My cock grew just anticipating and
watching them.  Ralph showed no reservations and went straight to
work on Bob's long thin prick.  In moments he was groaning and
had shot his load into Ralph's mouth.  Ralph swallowed it all and
sat back down, took a swig of beer and said it was delicious.  We
played another round and this time Ralph won and Bob lost so they
reversed their previous positions.  I just sat there stroking my
meat.  When Ralph came off in Bob's mouth he too swallowed it. 
We played another round and this time I lost to Bob.  He said as
much as he would like a blow job he wasn't up to a second one in
such a short period, instead he suggested that I jerk off for
them.  There was some KY jelly on the counter nearby and I took a
little and settled down with my ass on the edge on the chair and
began to thrust my cock between my fingers.  Bob and Ralph
watched with interest making comments about how good I was and
Ralph even suggested that they ought to fuck my ass but neither
moved.  I had never engaged in sex with a man before and the
thought of taking a cock in my ass interested me mildly.  I told
Sue that I had certainly wondered what sucking cock and fucking
ass would be like.  Bob told me to lie on my back on the floor
and tuck me knees up to my chest.  I did as ordered and resumed
my firm stroke of my prick.

At this point Sue asked if I was enjoying myself and I admitted
that not only did I enjoy debasing myself for Bob and Ralph's
pleasure but being ordered to tell my story to the ladies was
turning me on too.  Sue told me to continue.  Ralph then took
some KY jelly, greased up two fingers and shoved them up my ass. 
He worked his fingers in and out of my ass.  I could feel each
knuckle pass in and out of my asshole.  A moment later I came in
gobs all over my chest.  Bob told me I put on a pretty good show. 
All went quiet then and we all got dressed and went home.  While
we played cards after that, the evening was never mentioned
again.  

Sue said, "Let me get this straight.  You really get off on
watching people flaunt their bodies and enjoying sex while you
watch.  You also get immense pleasure from being ordered to do
sexual things for the pleasure of others. Is that right?"  She
had me analyzed right to a Tee.  I nodded.  "Good we will keep
that in mind."

Sue now turned to Audrey who had been sitting quietly listening
to me spill out my most personal sexual feelings.  As I was to
hear, it was now Audrey's turn to relate some of her most
intimate sexual experiences.  Sue looking Audrey straight in the
eye asked her where she had learned to suck cunt so well.  Audrey
lowered her head and looking at the floor said "Nowhere."  Sue
told her to look her straight in the eye.  Audrey looked up with
embarrassment in her eyes said, "Well its a long story."  " We've
got all night and you'd better tell us.", Sue responded
paternalistically.  "If you insist." replied Audrey and she began
to tell us things she had never admitted to me before and which
were to really turn me on.

Back when she was in her first year at college Audrey had lived
across the hall from these two dolls, Cathy and Debbie.  I had
met them a couple of times and I can assure you they looked great
enough to be in any men's magazine.  Audrey said that one Friday
evening when for some reason none of them had a date, they were
all sitting around in Cathy and Debbie's room shooting the breeze
and drinking wine with the lights down low.

As the evening wore on the subject turned to men.  Audrey had
lead a protected existence until she went away from home to
school and was still a virgin at this point.  Cathy and Debbie
began comparing boy friends and their sexual apparatus.  Audrey
told us she was curious but embarrassed by her lack of experience
and sat quietly and listened.  The discussion of the latest blow
job Cathy had given a boy friend and the amount of cum he had
forced down her throat led Debbie to talk about how the previous
week she and her boyfriend had got into a great sixty nine
session which lasted for an hour.

After nearly an hour of sexual talk Audrey told us that despite
the subdued lighting she was aware that Cathy had her hand inside
her sweat pants and was playing with herself.  Audrey also told
us that she had masturbated regularly since she discovered the
pleasure it could bring when she was fifteen but until then
didn't believe that other girls did it too.

Audrey went on to explain that Debbie noticed what Cathy was up
to as well and suggested that Audrey and herself strip down too. 
Audrey admitted she was embarrassed but when Cathy and Debbie
disrobed she felt she had to.  Cathy and Debbie sat on one bed
naked and cross legged facing each other with several pillows
propped up behind them.  They fingered themselves and massaged
their own breasts.  All the while they watched each other
intently.  Audrey said you could hear their fingers slopping
about in their vaginas.  In a matter of minutes Cathy began to
moan about how good it felt and than came.  Of course she had had
a head start.  Debbie was not far behind though.  Cathy announced
proudly that she was faster than Debbie again.  Audrey noted that
this was obviously an ongoing game with them.

In the mean time Audrey told us she had sat on the other bed and
while naked as the others but had only watched.  "What's the
matter?  Don't you ever masturbate?", Debbie asked Audrey. 
Audrey mumbled something and in the end Cathy and Debbie
discovered she was a virgin.  Audrey told us how they decided
they had to update her sexual education and proceeded to show her
all the secrets of the female body.  Debbie showed her how the
breasts should be teased by tongue and finger by demonstrating on
Cathy.  Debbie showed her how a sensitive massage could bring a
women to sexual arousal on Cathy.  Cathy had Debbie spread
herself out and showed Audrey all the sensitive parts of a
women's cunt and how to finger them.  She then demonstrated how
to use your tongue on Debbie's cunt.  Audrey tried each of these
techniques on the willing model and in a short time she told us
they were all very sexually aroused.  In the end they brought out
a vibrator and dildo with big balls as well as a double headed
cock and showed her how to use each by working on each other. 
Audrey went into great detail and it was apparent that she had
benefitted from the training.

At the end of the evening Audrey had been asked to demonstrate
her new skills for Cathy and Debbie.  This she said she did with
relish.  She began by putting on her clothes and standing in
front of a mirror.  While watching only herself she did a strip
tease.  She watched herself caress ever inch of her body as
erotically as possible.  Her fingers dallied over every sensitive
part of her body.  While she was making love to herself in the
mirror she was keenly aware of her friends and delighting in
putting on a show for them.  After becoming suitably aroused
Audrey proceeded to turn her back to them and with her legs
spread wide bent at the waist so they could see all of her cunt. 
Her breasts hung down and could be seen by the two others through
her legs.  Audrey said she then began to finger her pussy, slowly
moving closer to her sexual centre, her clit.  She told us that
knowing her audience was enjoying the show turned her on and she
wanted to please them.  She stuck several fingers in her love
canal and stirred her juices than sucked them off her fingers.

At this point she lay down on her back and continued the
attention she was paying her cunt with her feet flat on the
floor, knees bent and spread wide.  She picked up the vibrator
and used it on her breasts and finally near her pussy even going
so far as to slip it home.  She switched to the dildo and
mockingly sucked on it trying to slip it as far as possible into
her mouth as Cathy had said she did for her boyfriend.  After
running it slowly down her body she used it to tease her clit and
gently began to slip it into her cunt.  She told us she expected
it to hurt because it seemed so big but with little effort each
thrust took it deeper until she had taken her own "cherry" with
it.  The feeling she told us was incredible, enhanced all the
more by the two girls who urged her on with comments like "Take
it deeper." and "We'll never get it away from her. She's in love
with it."  Finally Audrey told us she began to arch her back and
groan as she thrust it deeper and harder into herself.  She said
that once she began to come she seemed to go on forever and
couldn't get enough.  Cathy and Debbie applauded and smothered
her with kisses.  The two of them were turned on and in turn put
on a show for Audrey with the two headed cock.  Audrey said she
was interested but had had enough for one night.  Audrey told us
they never discussed the evening's events again.  She could never
forget them and spent a lot of restless nights thinking about the
show she had put on and how she could improve her performance. 
This thought had become her favourite masturbation fantasy and
she used it a lot.

As she had done with me Sue summed up her analysis of Audrey's
sexual experience and observations in the past few hours.  "It
seems to me that you really get off being persuaded to do
something kinky which you know is considered dirty.  In this case
playing with yourself.  Your pleasure is enhanced greatly by
doing it for an audience.  Am I right?"  "Pretty close." replied
Audrey who seemed relieved that she had been able to share her
innermost needs with someone who seemed prepared to satisfy them. 
"I'll keep them in mind." Sue said thoughtfully. 
                      
Sue decided it was time for some more physical action.  Having
noted the affect Audrey's newly shaved cunt had on me asked
Audrey if she would like me,  "to examine her cunt more closely?"
since I had only had a quick feel before.  Audrey indicated that
that would be nice.  I dropped to my knees between Audrey's
outspread legs.  My face was now only a foot from my wife's
hairless sexual centre.  I looked and waited for further orders. 
Sue told Audrey to take over my direction.  She said I would do
Audrey's bidding for the next ten minutes or pay in ways I could
not imagine.  These were my orders and I was happy to obey
without the threat of punishment.

Audrey looked down at me and told me to stroke the outside of her
cunt.  I reached up and gently slide my hand over the soft smooth
flesh which surrounded her pussy.  She then told me to slip a
finger into her vagina.  I did so with glee and found her to be
very wet.  As I worked two fingers in, I began to strum her
elongated clit with my thumb and brought my tongue down on the
exterior edges of her pussy.  She was beginning to tense.  I took
my thumb off her clit and replaced it with my tongue.  I still
had two fingers in her cunt and was churning up her juices. 
Audrey began to arch her back and I knew she was close to coming
so I eased off, slipping my tongue away from her clit.  Audrey
cried out for me to continue.  "Put your tongue back.  Fuck my
clit with your tongue you bastard."  I complied and she began to
moan and thrash about anew.  It was all I could do to keep my
tongue where it would do the most good.  All of a sudden she
relaxed and I could feel her orgasm spasm through her body.  No
where was it stronger than in her vagina where it rhythmically
squeezed my fingers which were still in her.  "Not a bad
performance." Sue said.  I had almost forgotten she was there.   

"Now I heard you talk about using some sex toys." said Sue.  She
was referring to Audrey's initiation at college.  I'll bet a
kinky couple like you must have some around.  Of course we did
and Audrey went to retrieve our collection.  In the mean time Sue
told me to remove my G-string and come over in front of her.  I
did as instructed.  My cock was hard.  Sue took it in her fingers
and stroked it for a few minutes then massaged my balls, never
for a moment taking her eyes off them.  She then told me to get
down on my knees and licked her cunt from top to bottom.  I
started by lathering around the soft bare skin surrounding her
sex then dug in between it's lips.  Sue had slipped her ass
forward to the edge of the chair and stretched her legs up over
each arm of the chair.  She then told me to work the crack below
her cunt and a did as told.  She next told me to lick her ass
hole and this I did too.  No request from my Master was out of
the question.  When she told me to probe her asshole with her
tongue that too I did with the pleasure I get from giving her
what she wanted.  After a few minutes she told me I could stop
for the moment.  I realized that Audrey had been watching my work
and had slipped a hand between her legs and slowly moving it up
and down.

Audrey had returned with the bag with our favourite sex toys. 
She passed it to Sue.  As we both knelt at Sue's feet she began
to pull the objects from the bag one by one.  First came a
vibrator.  Audrey said that it was especially useful in foreplay
to stimulate the breasts, area of the pussy and under my balls. 
It had two speeds and Sue flicked it on low and told Audrey to
demonstrate on it for her.  Audrey took the vibrating phallic
symbol and began to tease one of Sue's nipples.  She circled it
several times until it began to stick out then moved to the
other.  In a few minutes it too was erect and she slid it slowly
across Sue's belly.   She moved it gently around Sue's bare groin
area nestling it from time to time against the crack of her
pussy.  Sue's eyes were closed and a smile of contentment covered
her face.  In a moment though she opened her eyes wide and told
Audrey that that was enough.

She reached into the bag again and retrieved Audrey's fake cock. 
It is flesh coloured about eight inches long and seemed to be two
inches thick.  At it's base it has two big realistic balls.  Sue
ohed and felt its veined length.  She even slipped it between her
lips and mimicked sucking it.  She turned to Audrey and asked her
how we used it.  Audrey went on to explain that it came into play
in several ways.  When I was away on trips she often used it
along with the vibrator as a replacement for my machine. 
Sometimes she said when I had dropped a few loads and couldn't
get my machine stiff again she said I would fuck her with it
while she fingered her clit until she got her rocks off.  On
occasion, like when she had lost at Trivial Pursuit, she would
get herself off with it at my request while I watched.  Sue asked
her to show her and Audrey took the big artificial cock and
firstly licked its length lay back on the floor and slid it's
full length effortlessly into her open cunt.  She began to slowly
thrust it in and out with one hand while the fingers of her other
strummed her clit.  It wasn't long before she showed the first
signs of heightened arousal and her eyes still looking at us
watching her closed to little slits.  Sue then told her to stop. 
Audrey was not happy with this but, as we had discovered many
times, heightened arousal and denial make the final climax more
intense.  Sue took the dildo and began to lick it then handed it
to me.  "Let's see how good you are at sucking cock that's just
been in your wife's snatch."  I began by licking all the cunt
juices from the plastic cock then nibbled at the head.  All the
time I held the balls and pretended to fondle them.  I stuck the
entire head in my mouth and began to deep throat it as far as I
could which wasn't very far.  Sue said I looked like I had
technique but needed practice.  Maybe the real thing would be
more stimulating.  She wouldn't dare make me I thought but from
what I knew, she probably would.  "It's too bad we don't have a
real cock for him to suckoff." she said to Audrey. "I'd like to
see that and he could swallow all of his cum as punishment for
teasing your ass without his Mistress' permission."  Audrey
agreed that might be a suitable punishment.  I didn't tell them
but I was not keen on it but also excited about being forced to
do it for their pleasure. 

Sue took the plastic cock from my hands and placed it on the
floor and reached into the bag again.  This time she pulled out a
jar of KY jelly.  Audrey with a smile on her face explained that
sometimes the toys needed a little lubrication to do their job
properly.  Sue reached into the bag again.  This time she pulled
out an anal stimulator.  It was about six inches long and an inch
in diameter with a big ring at one end to hold onto it with. 
It's length was made up of a serious of rounded ridges.  "I see
even your husband has some toys.", said Sue.  "Tell us how you
use this one."  Audrey took it from Sue and proceeded to explain
how she would fuck my ass with it and that it really turned me
on.  I must admit it did stimulate me sexual needs.  Sue asked
Audrey if I had ever used it on her.  Audrey looked quite taken
aback.  Sue said "You might like it.  I suppose then you've never
had a cock in your ass either."  Audrey looked shocked at the
thought but Sue assured her she should try it.  Sue took the anal
probe and told me to stand up, turn around and bend over.  I knew
what was coming.  Sue told me to spread my ass cheeks and I felt
the now greased probe slip easily up my ass.  Sue then began to
ease it in and out.  It felt good.  I instinctively reached for
my cock and balls and began to massage them.  The juices began to
surge in me.  The tip of my prick began to ooze pre cum.  Sue
noted the affect she was having on me and slipped the anal
stimulator out of my ass.  "It seems to work pretty well on you. 
Your turn Audrey."

Audrey was reluctant but we persuaded her she should try it. 
Audrey assumed the appropriate position and Sue again slipped the
probe home.  Audrey moaned and told us we were right, "It felt
good."  Sue told me to tongue Audrey's clit so I got below her
and began to swish my tongue back and forth over her distended
clit and cunt lips.  Audrey was really getting into this and was
massaging her own nipples.  All she needed was a cock in her
mouth to make the picture complete.  Sue grasped this idea and
told Audrey to get on her hands and knees.  With me now lying on
the floor, Audrey and I were in a perfect sixty nine.  Audrey
began to suck my cock as I worked on her clit from below with my
tongue.  Sue continued to plunge the depths of her ass with the
probe.  I wish I had a picture of Audrey in this position.  In
moments Audrey spent all over my face.  She just about smothered
me trying to get my tongue in deeper and I was afraid that on her
excitement she might bit my cock off.  Sue eased the probe from
her asshole and placed it on the floor.

This whole scene had made her very hot and she needed some relief
she announced.  She ordered me to get off the floor and she
replaced me beneath Audrey.  She told Audrey to get on her hands
and knees above her and lap her cunt.  She told me she wanted me
to fuck my wife doggy style while she got a close up view.  In
that position close up was the word.  Sue could have been only a
foot from Audrey's cunt as I lowered myself to my knees behind
her to put my cock home.  Sue took my prick and placed at the
opening to Audrey's love canal and I drove it home with one
motion.  Despite all the events of the last few hours this was
the first time my cock had been where nature intended it and it
felt wonderful.  Audrey was obviously hard at work in Sue's cunt
with her tongue.  I could feel Sue's fingers stroking my balls
and the underside of my cock.  Audrey told me later that Sue was
also tickling her clit.  In only a matter of minutes both women
went into orgasm and I was building quickly myself.  All of a
sudden Sue told me to ease off and I leaned back and my cock
popped from my wife's cunt.  Sue began to lap at Audrey's cunt
and they again began to climax while I watched.  Lesbian action
like this really turns me on and I was anxious to get back into a
cunt, any cunt.  The girls finally collapsed exhausted.  I sat
there with my cock at full tilt but wilting in disappointment.

Sue and Audrey caught their breath.  Sue got up on her hands and
knees on the floor her gorgeous ass towards me.  She told Audrey
to suck my cock until it was good and hard.  Having my cock
sucked and watching Sue's great ass and her pussy peeping between
her legs it didn't take long for me to regain my rock hard prick. 
Sue told me to get down on my knees behind her and watch for a
moment.  Sue then ordered Audrey to get down the floor underneath
her and lick her to orgasm.

In only a matter of minutes Sue was beginning to moan and groan
under the expert tonguing Audrey was giving her.  Sue then
mumbled for me to get it in her and I was there in a flash. 
Sue's cunt was soft and really wet as I had expected in a woman
who had had so many orgasms in such a short time.  I didn't
expect her to be so tight though.  She told Audrey to keep
lapping her clit while I fucked away.  I'm not sure who was
fucking who because Sue's cunt was like a fist around my prick
alternately squeezing and relaxing in response to my strokes. 
I'm not sure how many loads I had shot that night but this was
building to be one of the biggest.  I began to really put it to
her.  I wanted it to last forever because it felt so good. 
Audrey was now massaging my balls as well and the tension got the
better of me.  I couldn't hold on and with a groan I shot my load
into Sue's waiting pussy.  Audrey had been doing her job well and
as I began to come Sue's body tensed and began to convulse as
well.  Her cunt muscles milked my cock dry and after a few
minutes my shrivelled cock slipped from her pussy.  Audrey took
it in her mouth and gave it a few quick licks and I collapsed
against a chair beside Sue.

Audrey continued to lap at Sue's cunt.  Now of course she was
getting a meal of my come as it dripped from Sue's red and
swollen snatch.  Audrey drank it all down and cleaned up all
around Sue's bare pussy with her tongue.  Sue's big tits swung as
she savoured the last twitches of her orgasm and the tender
attention she was getting from Audrey.  Normally this scene would
have turned me on but I was too far gone to care.  Sue finally
pushed Audrey away and said that she had had too much good loving
and was sore.  "It must be time for me to go home.", Sue finally
said.  "Much as I would like to I don't think I could take
another orgasm."  I felt much the same way.

Audrey however noted that we were hers for the rest of the night
and it was only four in the morning.  Sue said she would take a
rain check and began to pick up her clothes.  She slid on her
muscle shirt first and stood there looking for her bikini panties
and shorts.  She was a sight for sore eyes and to be honest mine
were getting sore from the sights.  I reluctantly handed the
remaining garments to her.

Sue sat down and said she had almost forgot her original purpose
in dropping by.  She then told us her boyfriend was going to in
town next weekend and some special friends were also flying in
for the weekend.  She was planning an evening of entertainment
for Friday and would we like to come.  We both nodded
emphatically.  She smiled and added, "Maybe YOU two could be the
entertainment."  Her emphasis didn't go unnoticed on either of us
but Sue just in case said that we still owed her.  She looked at
Audrey and said "I'm sure we can come up with something that
would fit your special abilities and needs."  Audrey said she
would like that and would be happy to come even if I didn't.  I
wasn't too sure about all this.  After all I didn't know these
other people and what Sue might have in mind.  Sue assured me
that she would be in charge and no one would do anything without
her permission.  The clincher was her telling me I would really
enjoy the entertainment that she was going to arrange.  I said
"O.K."  "Besides," Sue added, "There is still the small matter of
your punishment for disobedience earlier isn't there."  I agreed
I had been naughty and deserved to be disciplined.  She said I
should expect it next Friday.

Sue said, "In order for you two to be ready, no sex until next
weekend at my house.  Understood."  We nodded.  At the moment I
wasn't the least bit interested but I didn't realize how tough it
was going to be as my anticipation grew as the weekend
approached.  "One other thing.", Sue said looking at me,  "I want
you to write up this evenings events in the form of a letter to
Eli-the Bearded.  It will be your entry card to next weekends
events.  Without it you don't come.  I'm relying on you to make
it good."  This woman was a wonder.  She seemed to be able to
read my mind.  This was just the kind of order I needed.  That is
why I HAD to write this letter.  As she was leaving Sue suggested
that Audrey come by Tuesday morning at 10:00 for coffee so they
could prepare for the weekend. 

Audrey and I went to bed leaving the living room as it was.  I
collapsed into bed without bothering to wash or put on any
clothes.  The last I remember until nearly 11:00 the next morning
was curling up to Audrey's nude form spoon fashion with one arm
over her and clasping a breast.


Paul

Comments are always welcome.  Contact Dumb Wonder through
dumbw@hotmail.com




Fun and Games (Part 2) - Paul's Story
                                
                        Butler and Maid
                                
                                
Dear Eli-the-Bearded

Sue has returned my original letter to you and told me to add on
the events of the week and weekend which followed our all night
orgy.  So here goes. 

I was still sore through Sunday and Monday and had completely
forgotten Audrey's date with Sue for Tuesday until that evening
when Audrey mentioned she had seen Sue.  I tried to find out what
had taken place but Audrey told me she was sworn to secrecy and 
especially warned not to tell me.  I was extremely curious as to
what these two women were cooking up and it was obviously a plot
to make sure I showed up that Friday evening.  All Audrey would
tell me was that she had a dress rehearsal on Thursday afternoon. 
My curiosity was driving me crazy and my imagination was running
wild as to what it might be.

By Thursday not only was this driving me crazy but I was starting
to get horny.  It is difficult to sleep next to a woman as
beautiful as Audrey and not need sexual relief frequently
especially when she sleeps in the nude.  My sexual curiosity had
been building all week in anticipation of Friday night.  What
would my role as dictated by Sue be?

Thursday went and I couldn't get much out of Audrey as to what
had happened nor what would happen on Friday.  She certainly had
a glow about her and told me not to worry it would be great.  She
was really enthraled about her role in the planned evenings
entertainment.  It was obvious from the way she talked and
dropped little hints which just teased me more.  But what was my
role to be?  Audrey told me to be patient.  I would find out on
Friday evening.  We were to be at Sue's house for six o'clock.

All day Friday all I could think about was last weekend and the
evening to come.  I was totally on edge and my cock never got
below half mast all day.  There were many times when I had the
urge to slip out of the office and jerk off.

At six o'clock as promised Audrey and I were on Sue's doorstep. 
Sue ushered us in and told us that everything was ready.  She
said she was glad we had come and asked for the letter I was
supposed to write.  I presented it to her although I told her it
was a little long to be considered a letter.  She skimmed it over
and said it looked good.  She placed it in her purse.  She told
us that she had laid out our outfits on her bed and that she was
off to the airport to pick up her guests and would be back in an
hour.  She told us to get changed and to take our service roles
on their return.  "You had better be good.", she said to me
reaching down and squeezing my balls hard through my jeans.  I
winced and was duly reminded who was in charge.  Audrey knew what
was up and I was told that if I had any questions to ask her.

Audrey lead me into Sue's bedroom.  It was luxuriously appointed
but it wasn't until Audrey told me to look up that I realized it
had a mirrored ceiling.  On the bed were our outfits.  I picked
mine up and realized that I was take on the role of the butler. 
Audrey held up her outfit.  She was to be the French maid.  This
was going to be some diner party.  I stripped off my clothes and
began to put the outfit on.  It fit well and as I stood in front
of the mirror realized I could have come from a English country
home, I fit the part so well.

Audrey had slipped into the bathroom and returned five minutes
later.  Her outfit consisted of a short black little frilly skirt
and an equally frilly top.  A short little white apron
accentuated the outfit.  The top barely reached up over her
breasts and without straps it was a wonder it stayed in place. 
It seemed to lift and separate her boobs so her cleavage was deep
and visible.  She had black stockings to match the basic black of
her outfit.  On her head was a small cap.  She was the picture of
a naughty French maid.  She asked me if I liked it and I gave her
a wolf whistle.  She bent over to show me how short her skirt was
and it lifted up passed the top of her stockings so that her
garter straps and half her ass was visible.  She wore very skimpy
but frilly black panties which covered only a small part of her
ass and were already beginning to slip into the crack of her ass. 
She straightened her panties for my benefit and stood up.  

A tour of the house was next.  Audrey showed me where the well
stocked bar was and told me part of my job was to serve drinks to
the guests.  We went into the dinning room which was laid out for
a fancy meal for four.  I was to help Audrey serve the meal as
well.  The living room was next on our tour.  It didn't look out
of the ordinary.  There were several chairs, a sofa, a coffee
table, TV, VCR and stereo system which was already playing soft
music.  

Audrey then escorted me into what I guessed was the family room
but it had been rearranged.  Two love seats were placed next to
each other along one wall and opposite them was a double bed.  In
addition there was low dressing table and stool but the dressing
table mirror had been removed so only the frame remained. 
Various other pieces of furniture were placed so that apart from
the love seats it looked like a bedroom.  I was a little puzzled
but Audrey told me not worry, that I would find out later.

Audrey and I went back to the living room and poured ourselves a
quick drink to steady our nerves.  I was full of excited tension
as to what the evening would bring.  The guests would be here
shortly and I was to receive them at the door Audrey told me.  As
I finished my drink Sue came in the back door.  She told me that
her guests were at the front door.  She had told them to ring the
door bell and that she had a surprise for them.  Just then the
bell rang.  I put my glass away and went to the door.

Acting as properly as possible I opened the front door and faced
two men and a woman on the steps.  One of the men introduced
themselves as friends of Sue who were invited for the weekend.  I
offered to take their suitcases and placed them to one side. 
They were impressed with Sue's help and asked if I came with the
place.  I replied quite properly that I worked for Miss. Sue. 
They nodded knowingly to each other.  None of them had jackets so
I showed them into the living room where Sue was waiting for
them.

I should digress here to give you my first impressions of the
guests.  They all looked to be in their thirties.  As I found out
later, Sue's boyfriend Bill was in his late thirty's, a bit on
the heavy side and about five ten in height.  He had blonde wavy
hair and a broad chest.  While he was wearing shorts he was
nattily dressed.  The remaining male, Doug was in his mid
thirties about five eight in height and slim.  His hair was dark
and well groomed.  He was wearing dress pants and a sport shirt.
The women was his wife Dianne.  She was about five four and slim
and in her early thirties.  She had on a short summer skirt and
loose fitting pale pink blouse.  Her brown curly hair framed her
face and came down to nearly her shoulders.  She wasn't a big
busted woman but she had most of the buttons undone on her blouse
and I could see the swell of her ample breasts.  Sue was wearing
a nice dark blue skirt that stopped just short of her knees.  Her
white blouse was also loose fitting and several buttons were
undone.  I couldn't tell from a first glance but I expect she was
braless.  She was certainly a beautiful looking woman.  I am sure
Audrey would agree they were all beautiful people.       

"What do you think of my little surprise", Sue asked as they came
into the room.  Bill came over to his girlfriend, Sue, gave her a
long full kiss and squeezed one of her ass cheeks with his big
right hand.  "Long time no see." he said playing the part of as
if he hadn't seen her for some time.  Dianne gave Sue a long
lingering welcoming kiss full on the lips as well.  Doug said he
couldn't be left out and did the same.

Dianne finally responded to Sue's question.  "Not bad. I'm sure I
could use a servant like that around my house."  Sue told her
that I worked ONLY for her.  Sue then turned to me and asked me
to get her guests a drink before dinner.  I went the rounds and
took their drink orders.  As I was leaving Sue whispered to me
that I should have Audrey serve the hors d'oeuvres.  I went into
the kitchen and passed the message onto Audrey who was preparing
the tray.

I went into the dinning room and mixed the drinks and was
carrying the tray into the living room just as Audrey entered
from the hall with her tray.  The conversation went quiet as all
eyes turned to Audrey.  She was quite a sight with her short
outfit, long black stocking clad legs and her breasts barely
contained by her outfit.  Dianne turned to Sue and asked where on
earth did she find help like this.  Sue told them she had "won us
playing Trivial Pursuit."  "I see.", said Dianne. "I'm sure that
must have been an interesting game."  The two men couldn't get
enough of Audrey.  Doug asked Dianne if they could get a maid
like this.  Dianne responded, "Perhaps." but she wasn't sure he
could control himself.  Sue said they were more than welcome to
look but don't touch.

Audrey began to circulate with the tray bending low first in
front of Sue.  Dianne and Doug sitting on the opposite side of
the room must have been getting an eyeful of her lovely legs and
half exposed ass.  Audrey then moved to Bill and bend low to
offer him a choice from the hors d'oeuvres tray.  Bill could
scarcely concentrate on the tray as he looked right down the
valley between Audrey's tits.  I'd swear if it weren't for the
tight little waist on her outfit he would be looking down to her
pussy.  He gulped grabbed a few things from the tray and Audrey
moved on to Dianne and Doug.  It was Bills turn to get an eyeful
of Audrey's ass and his eyes were glued to it.  I too could see
that her black lace panties had crept up the crack in her ass to
the point they were scarcely visible.  "Quite a little show off
you have here.  I don't know if I'm going to be able to keep Doug
under control." said Dianne.  "I think Bill has the same
problem.", Sue responded.  She reached over and gave his cock a
squeeze through his shorts.  "Just the result I expected.  He's
half hard already and he only just got here."  Audrey had quietly
returned to the kitchen to restock her tray.

Sue saw me standing there and told me to pass the drinks.  I
started with Sue and she gave my ass a squeeze as I served Bill. 
I went over to Doug and Dianne and gave Dianne her drink then
offered Bill his.  Dianne looked at Sue and told her that I
looked good enough to eat.  She asked if the same rules applied
to me as to Audrey.  "No you can give him a squeeze if you wish
but you have to ask my permission first." she said.  "Well can I
give him a squeeze too?"  "Be my guest." Sue replied.  Dianne
reached over to where I was standing  and gave my ass a good
squeeze and looked longingly at the bulge that was appearing in
the front of my tight cut pants.  Sue without waiting for the
question nodded to Dianne and she placed her hand on my crotch
and began to massage my half erect cock through my pants.  She
then gave me a gentle squeeze and withdrew her hand.  "Very
nice.", Dianne said, "but I'd better stop before I get carried
away."  "Knowing you, that is probably wise.", Doug interjected.
   
I was enjoying being fondled by these women and listening to
their ribald remarks about my body.  The remarks continued.  Sue
announced that I was her sex slave and would do her bidding.  If
she wanted a service I was there to perform it.  "If I want my
cunt lapped for example.  He'll do it.  If my cunt is full of cum
and needs cleaning.  His tongue is there to do the job.  If my
latest cock is getting a little soft and needs some oral
attention to bring it back to life.  He can do that too.",  Sue
continued.  At this I realized now what me punishment for past
disobedience was going to be.  Sue was going to make me suck
cock.  The thought both bothered and excited me.  Bothered me
because I wasn't gay and excited me because being forced to do
things that excited others turned me on.  I think the men were a
little jealous at least about lapping her cunt.  Dianne said she
could certainly use me around the house if Sue ever tired of me. 
"Maybe I'll loan him to you for a little while later." Sue said.

Audrey came back into the room to announce that dinner was ready. 
She and I went into the kitchen and began to bring the meal into
the dining room.  Sue arranged the guests at the table and we
began to serve the first course.  Every one had their eyes on
Audrey.  I watched her too.  It was a wonder her boobs didn't
spring loose.  Dianne and Sue were aware of the spectacle Audrey
was making of herself but didn't seem jealous of the attention
their men were giving her.  In fact they too seemed to be eying
her body.  Dianne every once in a while would pinch my ass as I
went by and Sue nodded in approval.
  
As I was passing Doug at one point he too pinched my ass.  Sue
caught him doing it and told him it was a no no and he needed her
permission first.  Dianne picked up on that and told her husband
to get up and come over to her side.  He did and she reached out
fondled his crotch then squeezed his balls hard.  She told him to
sit down and mind his hostess's instructions.  My cock was
becoming quite hard and evident through my pants.

Sue called my to one side and whispered to me to go and take my
underwear off and return with it on a platter.  I did as
instructed as they continued to eat and drink.  In a few minutes
I was back as instructed and place the covered platter with my
bikini underwear in front of Sue.  In a minute Sue casually
uncovered the platter revealing the bikini underwear.  She
demanded to know who's they were and playing along with the game
I meekly confessed I had done it.  Sue told me if I felt that way
about my clothing I didn't deserve to wear the butler's uniform
and I should withdraw from the room and remove it.  Alternative
clothing was hanging in the pantry.  I went to the pantry and
removed the uniform.  All there was to wear though was a loose
fitting tank top.  It had oversize arm holes and reached only to
just below my ass.  Every movement left my ass or cock and balls
exposed.

I returned to the dining room for further instructions.  Sue told
me that this outfit was more becoming to me and told me to move
around the table so each of the guests could examine me more
closely.  She told them they could each have a feel.  Bill
reached up under my shirt and fondled my ass first.  I moved onto
Dianne.  She lifted the front of my shirt and stroked my cock,
scooping a little pre cum from the tip and tasting it.  Doug told
me to bend over and gave me a couple of good whacks on the ass. 
I moved around to Sue and she told me I was doing a good job but
her pussy was leaking and needed oral attention.  I knew what was
expected from me and immediately got under the table on my hands
and knees and slipped my head up under Sue's skirt.  She wasn't
wearing underwear and I began to lap around her bare pussy.  She
spread her legs wider and I slipped my tongue between her cunt
lips and tickled her clit.  I could hear table conversation going
on but it was muffled by Sue's thighs around my ears.  She began
to move around in her chair but before I could finish her off she
ordered me to stop.

It was time to serve dessert she announced as I crawled from
beneath the table.  I got out from under the table.  My cock was
now rigid and my shirt stuck out like a tent.  Sue's face was
flushed and she was having difficulty concentrating but told
Audrey who was standing behind her to bring in the dessert. 
Audrey returned a moment later with a large ornate glass bowl of
chocolate mousse.  "As a special treat," Sue announced, "I'm
offering a very special topping for the dessert.  Is there anyone
interested."  Bill wasn't sure he wanted any but Sue said they
all had to have it or none.  Bill said he'd try it then.

Sue went around to Dianne and whispered something to her.  Dianne
said she would love to and Sue moved the bowl over next to
Dianne.  I was told to place myself beside Dianne.  Sue told me I
was about to make a special contribution to dessert.  I was told
to take my shirt off and Dianne leaned over and took my already
rock hard prick in her mouth.  She began suck in earnest.  Every
few strokes she would pause and swirl her tongue over the tip and
tender underside of my cock.  I could see Audrey and Sue licking
their lips.  It wasn't going to take me long before I spilled my
load.

All of a sudden Dianne released my cock.  She looked up at me and
said, "You show us how its done."  Bill told me, "to go for it." 
I formed a fist around my cock and began to stroke urgently.  All
sorts of encouragement was coming my way from both the men and
the women. "Looks like he knows what he is doing."  "Look at how
red he's getting."  "I bet he can't last three more strokes." 
"Is the bowl big enough to catch it all?"  I was nearly there.  I
could hear Sue telling Dianne to make sure she got it all and
then I began to come.  It was a good thing Dianne had tipped the
bowl up because I would have shot right past it otherwise.  In
the end I placed enough of my hot cum on the dessert for them all
to have a good share.  I collapsed in the corner while Dianne
calmly served the guests and Audrey passed the bowls around.  The
topping I had provided seemed to have been appreciated.  The cook
was complimented and Dianne for her expert application of the
cream dressing.  I was told to pour everyone a glass of sweet
dessert wine and once the dessert was finished bring the bottle
to the living room where they all retired.  Audrey cleared the
table and disappeared into the kitchen.

You'll remember that everyone else was dressed but me.  I
continued to serve the guests in this mode but the fondling of my
body was more overt.  Sue even encouraged them to enjoy
themselves at my expense.  This form of treatment in a perverse
way was pleasurable to me too.  My cock was beginning to again
betray my feelings and swell under the strokes I was taking from
Sue and all her guests.  They couldn't seem to take their hands
off my ass, cock and balls.  Sue told me to freeze in whatever
position I was when someone touched my ass and that I wasn't to
move again until they patted my ass.  I was forced to pause after
I refilled each glass and wait for the owner to satisfy
themselves by stroking, squeezing or pinching my sexual anatomy. 
Their obvious enjoyment of my assets and my submissive
availability turned me on so my cock was rigid. 

Doug said that he had enjoyed the entertainment to this point and
wondered what Sue had in mind to top it.  Sue thought for a
minute and suggested that they might be interested in the Trivial
Pursuit game from last weekend.  They all quickly agreed to this
idea.  Sue said she had discovered a great story teller and
turned to me and told me to read the letter I had composed.  I
began to read the first part of this letter which I had written
in the few nights before on Sue's orders.  The room was quiet
except for the occasional clink of a glass as I read.  When I
reached the point where Sue was eating Audrey's cunt Bill said it
would be nice to see Sue taking orders instead of giving them.  I
looked up and noted that Sue was sitting on Bill's lap  and he
had his hand inside her top and was massaging her tits.  Doug and
Dianne were sitting on the other couch.  Dianne's skirt was up to
her waist and her panties were around one ankle.  I could see her
brown curly pubic hair and Doug had his hands in her love nest. 
She had hers inside his fly.

Sue told me to continue.  I read on.  The letter brought back
memories of the past weekend and my cock needed physical
attention.  As I read, I reached down and began to caress my love
muscle.  When I got to the part where I had jerked off for Bob
and Ralph and they had pondered fucking my ass, Doug said he
would take my ass cherry if that was required.  I looked up at
Doug and Sue asked me if that appealed to me.  I wasn't sure but
said I'd try anything ONCE.  I couldn't believe what I was saying
but each obscene suggestion or remark only served to heighten my
excitement.  When I looked up I discovered that things had
progressed for those listening to me.  Sue was still sitting on
Bill's lap but her blouse was off and I could see her skirt was
tucked up at the back and Bill's cock was obviously deep in her
cunt and he was pumping away.  Bill's pants were around his
ankles.  Sue seemed almost uninvolved in his efforts.  Doug had
nothing on below his waist.  His cock was fully erect and I
thought Dianne was strangling it because she was holding it so
tight.  Dianne no longer had her skirt on and her panties had
disappeared entirely.  Her top was open and if she had started
with a bra she didn't have one on now.  Doug's hands were all
over her.  

I was again told to continue.  I didn't get far because when I
got to the part where Audrey was getting her first education in
lesbian sex.  Dianne interjected and told us she had always
dreamed of being a Cathy or Debbie and teaching a young virgin
about sex.  Doug's fingers were causing her considerable pleasure
because no sooner did she get the words out of her mouth than she
began to sigh and moan.  I paused and everyone waited for the
inevitable.  Dianne went into the throes of her orgasm and in a
moment fell silent.  Doug withdrew his hands from her pussy and
Dianne began to concentrate on bringing him off.  Sue told me to
get back to reading and again I continued.  As I approached the
part where Audrey and I serviced her with our sex toys Sue told
the others that "This was the best part."  Doug must have agreed
because I heard a grunt and Dianne told us he had just come all
over her.  She used his underwear to clean up and sat back to
listen to the rest of the letter.  Bill was really pouring it to
Sue by now and as I reached the end of the letter dealing with
the weekend he too grunted and shot his load into what I knew was
Sue's delicious hairless cunt.

He collapsed and Sue told me to put the letter down and get over
to her that she needed to be cleaned up.  I crawled on my knees
and she lifted her skirt and told me clean up her cunt with my
tongue.  I couldn't see much but I could smell her cunt and when
I began to run my tongue over the outer lips of her bald pussy I
taste both her juices and Bill's cum.  I lapped all I could find
on the outside and separated her cunt lips and went exploring for
more of Bill's juices.  Sue's clit was standing right out and as
I lapped around it I could feel her moving about.  I stuck my
tongue up her cunt as far as I could and sucked in all the juices
I could find.  I returned to Sue's clit and began to suck in
earnest.  I could feel her hand behind my head urging me on. 
With a few strokes more her body began to tense and with a groan
she climaxed.  I kept up my tongue work until she relaxed the
pressure on my head and then I gradually withdrew from under her
skirt.  My face was covered in cum and cunt juices and Dianne
came over and licked my face clean and gave me a big kiss.  Her
tongue probing my mouth for any left over juices.  

"Now we are all relaxed, I think it is time for the highlight of
the evenings entertainment."  Sue announced.  She looked at me.
"If you will fill everyone's glasses and bring them to the family
room we will meet you there.  You'd better bring a chair from the
dinning room for yourself and tell Audrey we will be in family
room waiting for her."  I was wondering where Audrey was and what
her role was.  I was about to find out. 

                         The Performance

I carried the dining room chair into the family room and returned
a moment later with a new bottle of wine and poured everyone a
drink.   You'll remember that the family room had two love seats
pushed back against the wall.  Sue and Doug were sitting in one. 
Sue still had her skirt on but not her blouse.  Her tits stuck
out prominently and if I were Doug I wouldn't have been able to
keep my hands off them.

Doug still had his shirt on but nothing else.  His cock hung
between his legs limp but still swollen and red.  On the other
love seat snuggled up to each other were Dianne and Bill.  All
Dianne had on was her blouse and that was totally open so her
tits as before were visible.  While not as large as Sue's or
Audrey's they still were a handful as Bill was finding out.  His
eyes were riveted to the task before him and Dianne was enjoying
and watching his hands at work.  Bill too had nothing on below
his waist although his shirt was still on but all the buttons
were undone.  His cock was long and thin and hung over one of his
thighs.

Sue looked over at me watching them and down at my rock hard cock
which I had again started to fondle.  "I think the show we're
about to see will be too much for my butler."  she announced. 
Bill stopped his massage of Dianne's tits and he and Dianne
looked over at me.  "I agree that it won't take much to bring him
off in the state he's in if he continues to play with himself,"
Dianne said.  "I think we had better take counter measures," she
said.

Sue left the room for a moment and returned with several old neck
ties.  She told me to sit down in the chair I had brought from
the dining room and asked Dianne to help her.  I did as directed
and they proceeded to use the ties to bind me wrists to the arms
of the chair and my ankles to the front legs.  I was not only
helpless to stroke my cock but spread so that any of them could
use me without my co-operation.  My mind boggled at my
vulnerability and what might come next.  Dianne observed my
predicament and after having gotten a nod from Sue reached down
and squeezed my cock then gave my balls a hard tug.  I winced but
I wasn't getting any sexual relief from her.  My sexual tension
was only being increased. 

You will remember my earlier description of how strangely the
room was arranged.  I was about to find out why.  The two couches
were placed against one wall and my chair in a corner.  All these
faced the back of the low dressing table and what would have been
the mirror.  Because the mirror itself had been removed all of us
seated on the couch and chair essentially looked through it over
the dresser to the foot of the bed.  Beside the bed was a side
table.  The room had pot lights but those illuminating all but
the bedroom scene had been turned out.  Those lights which
remained on cast a very intense light illuminating the stage. 
We, in what was to be the audience, were in darkness.  It would
be difficult from the bedroom area to see the audience because of
the different lighting levels.  There was a magazine on the bed
and some things on the dressing table which gave the scene an
appearance of normality.

Sue told her guests that they were about to see a very special
show but they must remain quiet and give it their undivided
attention.  They all agreed.  Sue then set the scene for the show
by explaining that her French maid had a dirty little habit.  It
seemed that Sue had spied on her through a special one way glass
which had been left in one of the guest rooms by a previous
owner.  Her maid performed frequently in front of the mirror and
if we were quiet we might see her to-night.  These last lines
were a cue.

The door opened and Audrey stepped into the mock bedroom.  She
was dressed as we had seen her earlier, in the French maid
outfit.  At first she went over to the dressing table looked in
the mirror (remember it wasn't really there) and removed her cap. 
She gazed into the mirror and brushed her hair for a moment.  She
began to study herself in the mirror.  She placed her hands at
her side then she turned sideways, all the time studying herself
in the mirror. She then slowly moved her hands down the sides of
her legs and stroked them through her black stockings.  She
placed each of her hands under her breasts and pushed them up and
together.  She gazed at what she was doing not directly but as if
she was watching in the mirror.  She massaged her tits for a
moment then ran her hands down her body and stroked her thighs
again.  This time she brought her hands up the inner part of her
lovely legs.  We could hear her take a deep breath as she moved
up under her short skirt.  While I thought she might stroke her
pussy but her hands reappeared immediately.

Next she turned her back to the mirror and bent over at the
waist.  Audrey had on a garter belt and we could see the white
tops of her thighs above the stockings.  Her black panties were
slightly visible.  Audrey contemplated her legs and thighs over
her shoulder in the mirror.  She then lifted her skirt higher so
she could see her entire backside.  The panties had crept
partially into the crack of her white ass.  She massaged her ass
cheeks and slipped the panties further into the crack so they
were visible only as a narrow ribbon of material.  Audrey dropped
her skirt and walked about the room for a minute then returned to
the mirror to again inspect her backside.  This time she bent way
over so she could view herself in the mirror between her legs. 
Her ass was entirely visible and the panties only a narrow line
in the crack of her ass.  Audrey reached down between her legs
and slide a hand up over her ass.  Watching herself in the mirror
she slowly withdrew her hand caressing her pussy as she went.  

Audrey now went back to the bed and lay down.  Her feet were
toward us and at first she lay on her side.  She picked up the
magazine.  It was the latest issue of Penthouse Letters.  She
began to leaf through it contemplating each page.  After a few
minutes she rolled on her back and propped herself up with a
pillow.  Her feet were still toward us but now placed flat on the
bed so that her knees were well bent.  Audrey continued to read
but we couldn't tell what.  One hand though was massaging her
left breast through her outfit.  After a few minutes the hand
slipped down and she began to run it up and down the sensitive
inner part of her thigh.  A little while later she began to
massage her pussy although with her skirt and hand it was
difficult to see much detail.  This continued and I thought she
would get herself off this way but she stopped and got out of bed
and went over to the mirror again.

She put one leg up on the stool and contemplated herself in the
mirror.  She then slipped the edge of her panties to one side and
still watching herself slipped a finger into her juicy snatch.  I
was beside myself.  If I wasn't tied up I would have gone off by
now but being as I was, I could only watch.  Audrey stirred her
juices for a minute and withdrew her finger and took it to her
mouth where she mockingly sucked it all the time watching the
mirror.  She couldn't see us because of the arrangement of the
lighting but she knew we were watching her.  She had hinted at
this type of fantasy before but until last weekend I would never
have believed it would be anything but a fantasy. 

Audrey now turned her back on the mirror and began to slid her
panties down her legs.  As she did of course she was forced to
bend lower and lower.  By the time she reached her ankles her now
bare ass was fully exposed.  Audrey stood up and again
contemplated her body in the mirror.  Her face was flushed and I
could tell she was turned on beyond anything I had ever seen
before.  Of course we knew she had nothing on under her skirt but
you couldn't tell by looking at her unless she bent over of
course.  She again slid her hands over her body all the time
watching herself in the mirror as if she were displaying her body
to herself.  She stroked her thighs and slid her hands under her
skirt.  When she withdrew them we could tell she had been probing
her pussy because they were slick with her own juices.  She
smeared them obscenely on her lips and licked them from her
fingers.  She turned her back to the mirror and bent nearly
double watching herself now through from between her legs.  Her
bald cunt was now clearly visible to us all.  She reached back
and parted the swollen lips with one hand and began to stroke her
clit with the fingers of other.  She was almost to the point of
going over the top when she with drew her hand and stood up.  She
was exhibiting self control like I've never seen before in her. 
We both knew that the teasing heightened the final climax though
and she certainly was into it. 

Audrey began to unzip her one piece outfit all the time watching
her body in the mirror.  Once she had the zipper down it fell
from her boobs and hung at her waist.  She reached up and lifted
her tits squeezing them and studying them and the figure she cut
in the mirror.  She turned first to one side then the other
looking at her profile.  She caressed them making the nipples
hard and erect.  Finally she slipped the outfit down over her
waist so that but for her stockings and garter belt she was nude. 
Again she poised for herself and her breathless audience, of
course, in the mirror.

She would turn this way and that twisting in different ways
watching how her body looked from the different poises.  At one
point she put one leg up on the stool and look intently at her
pussy in the mirror.  This position left her cunt wide open and
her excitement was obvious.  Her cunt was very red, being
engorged with blood, in her excitement.  The inner lips were
swollen and large.  Her clit was distended.  As she examined
herself she would open her cunt then close it with her fingers. 
She would run her hands up and down the smooth exterior and
deftly flick her clit every few strokes.  Then she would lower
her leg from the stool and place the other up and repeat the cunt
teasing exercise.

This whole exercise was driving me mad.  My cock ached for
release but I was powerless to do anything but watch Audrey's
performance.  I could hear the sounds of fingers probing cunts
across the room and heavy breathing as the other's stimulated
themselves and each other in response to the heavy action under
the lights.

Audrey after several repetition of her pussy teasing routine
turned her back to the mirror and bent over to examine her
backside in the mirror.  She spread her ass cheeks with her hands
and seemed to gaze intently at her asshole.  Her cunt was wide
open and I swear you could see inside her.  Her inner cunt lips
seemed to hang down.  She was looking in the mock mirror at
herself from between her legs and her big full breasts hung down. 
She removed her hands from her ass and watched herself in the
mirror as she began once again began to stroke herself.  In the
mirror had it been there she would be able to see exactly what we
could.  Her body began to tense and her fingers began to move
faster.  I could see she was about to come.  She stuck two
fingers in her cunt and began to fuck herself.  Her eyes closed
and her body went into convulsions as her orgasm overtook her.

In a few moments she took her hands from her cunt and stood up. 
She sucked her juices from her fingers and began to remove her
stockings slowly rolling each down her long legs.  She placed
them on the dressing table and slide the garter belt off as well
so that she was now totally nude.

Audrey returned to the bed and lay on her stomach opened the
magazine and again began to read.  She was propped up on her
elbows and I could just see the side of one of her breasts
squashed beneath her.  Her legs started out together but every
once in a while she would shift and she would spread them a
little further apart.  In a few minutes we were all looking at
her cunt framed beneath her ass.  She allowed us this delicious
view for a moment then  rolled on her side.  Again one leg was
propped up so that her bald pussy was partially visible.  She
continued to read but was using one hand to tease a nipple now. 
I watched as I am sure the others were as she continued to excite
her body and was not surprised when Audrey began to stroke her
belly and then her cunt.  Audrey seemed to be totally lost in
what she was reading and doing to herself.  I am not sure whether
the magazine was exciting her more or the fact that we were all
watching her do this to herself but her sexual tension was once
again beginning to rise.  

After a few minutes of stimulation Audrey put down the magazine
and reached under the pillow she was leaning on and pulled out a
vibrator.  She switched it on and we could hear it buzz to action
in her hand.  She picked up the magazine and continued to read
while still lying on her side.  The vibrator in her hand seem to
have a mind of its own and began to roam over her body paying
special attention to her breasts and thighs.  She seemed to
concentrate after little time on the area of her bald pussy and I
could again see she was beginning to tense.  

Again Audrey pulled back from the brink of an orgasm and putting
the magazine and vibrator down she reached into the drawer of the
bedside table.  She retrieved a flesh coloured dildo.  The fake
cock must have been an inch and half in diameter.  It was heavily
detailed with veins over its 8 inch length.  Two large realistic
balls hung below it.  Audrey gazed at it and began to rub it over
her face and breasts.  She began to lick it all over and run it
sensuously over her lips.  She was lying on her back now and we
were looking past her outstretched legs and heaving boobs.  She
finally began to suck it as she was trying to bring the owner to
orgasm.  After a moment she ran it down over her stomach and
stretching her herself open with the fingers one hand placed the
plastic cock at the entrance of her cunt.  She began to work it
back and forth slowly going deeper and deeper until the whole
thing was disappearing with each thrust.  Every time she slide it
partially out I could see it glisten with her juices.  She was
now working it in and out with one hand.  The other hand which
had been teasing her nipples was now sliding over her clit in
unison with the stroke of the dildo.  Her eyes were closed and
her body tensing.  I could see her back and ass beginning to lift
off the bed.  She held that position for a moment, groaned and
collapsed back to the bed, her body twitching in orgasm.  She had
taken her hand off the fake prick and with each twitch of her
body it eased out of her cunt until it lay glistening but still
hard between her legs.  Audrey continued to slide her fingers
over her clit but the pace and urgency slowed.  

I thought this was the end of the show but I didn't know Audrey
that well.  She reached into the bedside drawer again and this
time removed an anal penetrator.  She had always resisted my
requests to try anal sex so this inclusion in her act surprised
me.  First she got on her hands and knees then she slide the
foreign object into her cunt and lubed it up.  She slide it
slowly from her cunt to her ass and pulling one ass cheek to the
side casually eased it home.  We were getting a clear view of her
Greeking herself and my rock hard cock grew another inch.  It is
amazing how I responded to the visual stimulation I had only
dreamed of before.  I could hear action from the others too but
couldn't see what they were up to but the ohs and ahhs told me
they were enjoying themselves.  I couldn't do anything to ease my
problem although the least contact with my prick would have sent
showers of cum in all directions.  

Audrey probed her ass for a few minutes them pulled the nobby
device from her ass with a pop.  She got off the bed and lifted a
strange device up onto the bed.  I had never seen anything like
it and didn't know what to make of it until she began to use it. 
It had two partially curved horizontal pieces about a foot and
half apart which it sat on.  Each of the horizontal pieces was
about two feet long and six inches wide and heavily padded. 
Between these and rising vertically was a metal bar two feet
high.  It seemed to have some knobs and attaching devices on it. 
Audrey took the anal probe and attached it to the vertical piece
near the top and adjusted it so it was held horizontally.  The
dildo she retrieved and attached to the vertical piece this time
a few inches below the anal penetrator but pointing in the same
horizontal direction toward the head of the bed.  She got back on
the bed on her hands and knees with her ass towards us and placed
each lower leg on one of the sculpted padded horizontal pieces. 
Her shins rested on the padded pieces.  They seemed to have been
designed to fit the lower leg from the knee to ankle perfectly.

Audrey slowly moved back with her ass toward the dildo and probe. 
She reached back with one hand and directed the dildo to the
entrance to her cunt.  She leaned back further so the plastic
cock slide partially into her juicy cunt.  She then adjusted the
anal probe so it met her asshole and eased her body further back
so it too went into its intended hole.  She was now being fucked
in her cunt and ass by this machine she had rigged up.  She
lowered her self onto her elbows and gently picked up a back and
forth rhythm.  On each forward motion both the anal probe and
cock slide nearly entirely out of her.  On the backward motion
they entered her right to the hilt.  All I could see of the fake
cock were the balls as they hit her inner thighs.  Audrey's full
boobs hung down to the bedspread in such a way that her nipples
grazed the surface.  Not only was her rocking motion exciting her
cunt and ass but her nipples were receiving attention as well. 
They seemed to be longer and harder than I had ever seen before. 
Audrey seemed to be in seventh heaven.  Her back and forth motion
while slow and steady at first picked up speed and urgency.  Her
head began to thrash about and she began to groan.  Her eyes were
closed and her face contorted in pleasure.  As if this was not
enough she reached back with two fingers and slide them back and
forth over her clit.

Audrey's excitement was not lost on the audience.  The mechanism
not only provided Audrey with total stimulation but allowed all
to see exactly what was happening to her.  Her cunt while stuffed
with the plastic cock was wide open, her inner lips grasping the
cock.  Her clit was long and protruding.  I heard a groan and a
curse from Doug that he couldn't hold it any more.  I felt the
same way but was unable to touch my cock or move so I could rub
it against anything.  Audrey started to yell, "Fuck me harder,
you big cock." and then she began to convulse.  It seemed like
hours until her breathing returned to normal but it was probably
only a few minutes.  She slumped forward the dildo and probe
slipping from their respective holes.  She lay there her legs
apart and cunt gapping open for us all to see.

Finally she got up and removed the device from the bed and folded
the bed sheets back.  She went over to the mock mirror and
lifting one foot up on the stool examined her swollen cunt.  She
shoved two fingers deep up inside herself and I thought here we
go again but she quickly removed them, took them to her lips and
sucked them clean.  With a happy look on her face she climbed
into bed reached over and turned off the light.  I wasn't sure
what would happen next but Sue finally spoke "Pleasant dreams,
Audrey." and began to applaud.  The others joined in and offered
their congratulations to Audrey for a fine performance and Sue
for arranging the entertainment. 

The lights came up and I could see the others again.  Doug was
lying back on the couch his cock limp and cum all over his cock
and chest.  Dianne beside him had some on her hands too.  She no
longer had any clothes on and her cunt looked red and swollen. 
Sue too looked like she had been indulging in manual stimulation
of Bill and herself.  Bill's cock like mine was hard and erect.

                            Punishment

Sue looked over and me to see how I was doing and came over to
release me from my bonds.  She told me in no uncertain terms that
I was not to bring myself off although that was exactly what I
needed most.  She told me instead to go over and clean up Doug
and Dianne with my tongue.  I crawled over on my hands and knees
and lapped up Doug's juices from Dianne's fingers then began to
lick his juices from his chest.  I could feel his nipples tense.

Sue told me not to forget his cock.  She then added that this
would be part of my punishment for disobedience last weekend.  I
had never touched a cock but my own before let alone take one in
my mouth.  The thought of being ordered to do so thrilled me.  I
was so turned on I would do anything to satisfy my mistress.  I
acted reluctant knowing a firm order would be issued by my
Mistress.  She came over told me to get at it immediately and
gave me a hard swat on my ass to remind my who was the boss.  I
moved my mouth over his limp cock as they all watched me.  I
began to lick the shaft of his cock beginning near the base and
swallowing his cum as I worked my way up to the top of his red
swollen prick.  It began to stir as I lavished it with my tongue. 
When I reached the top I took the entire tip in my mouth and
sucked it in working my tongue up and down the tender underside
as I sucked.  His cock was really starting to harden now but it
was clean of any traces of his juices and I withdrew my mouth. 
"Very good.",  Sue said, "You'll be really valuable restoring
spent cocks."  Dianne interjected, "I could sure use a hard cock
right now.  All this sex is making me hornier than ever.  Can I
sit on his cock?"  Sucking cock had only served to strengthen
mine and her eyes were rivetted on it.

"First I think we ought to move to a more spacious room and let
Audrey recover."  Sue replied,  "And then you can have your fill
of him if I can use your husband."  Dianne looked at Bill and
said she was sure he'd love it because he was always interested
in a new piece of ass.  As we left the room Dianne's hand was on
my ass giving it a firm squeeze.  Sue paused and leaned over
Audrey and gave her a long kiss on the lips and told her to have
a pleasant dream and joins us in the bedroom when she felt up to
it.  With that she gave Bill's cock a squeeze.  It was certainly
up.

We moved into the master bedroom.  You know the one with the
mirrored ceiling.  Sue told me to get up on the bed and lie on my
back.  I was to satisfy Dianne in any way she wished.  All she
really wanted at first was to ride my cock and boy could she
ride.  She hovered over me supporting herself on her hands placed
on either side of me while I looked up at her.  Her boobs while
not as full as Audrey's and Sue's dangled temptingly over my
chest.  Beyond I could see her reflection in the mirror.  Her ass
was moving back and forth and I could feel my cum beginning to
boil in me.  Suddenly she got off and went over to Doug sitting
watching us in an arm chair.  She knelt between his legs and
began to suck his prick.  It was stiff when she started but by
the time she eased off it it was as hard as steel.  She whispered
something to him and he said sure.  Dianne came back over to the
bed and climbed back on my cock.  Doug climbed up on the bed
behind her and the next thing I knew she was helping him slip his
dick into her ass.  The presence of his cock increased the
pressure in her cunt.  I could feel him through the walls of her
cunt as he began to move slowly back and forth.  She too began to
move and told me to stay still.  The sensation was unbelievable
and in a matter of moments I again began to reach the heights of
my climax.  Dianne too was just about there as she started to
urge us on with shouts of, " Fuck me harder." "Give it to me." "I
love being fucked by two cocks."  She tensed groaned and began to
spasm just as my load hit the back of her cunt for the first
time.  The contractions in her cunt milked me dry and brought on
Doug's climax as well.  We collapsed into a pile of human flesh. 
There was burst of applause from Sue, Bill and Audrey who was
standing in the doorway.  

Doug finally got off the bed and almost crawled back to his
chair.  Audrey who was wearing a terry towel thigh length
housecoat.  It covered her cunt and ass but not much else.  Its
only closure was a tie at the waist so her tits just about
bounced into view each time she moved.  Audrey went over and sat
on Doug's lap.  Dianne rolled over on her side and pondered me
for a moment.  She told me to clean her up.  I seemed to have
been doing a lot of that lately and knew exactly what she wanted. 
She stretched her top leg so the foot rested flat on the bed and
her knee was bent up exposing her cunt through her dark brown
pubic curls.  I started by lapping up all my own juices which had
leaked out of her and flowed down her thighs.  I moved up and
lapped her cunt lips and clit.  I moved on to probe her inner
cunt with my tongue where I had just been with my prick moments
before.  After I had cleaned all my juices from her I sat back. 
"Your not done yet." she said. "Do my ass."  I feigned reluctance
but went back to complete my job.  Dianne had rolled over onto
her hands and knees.  I held her ass open with my hands and began
to tongue the crack of her ass.  Doug's juices had poured out of
her and run the length of her crack.  I gathered these up with my
tongue and paid special attention to her asshole.  Having
thoroughly cleaned her I again sat back to await further
instructions.  

Sue had been watching our activities with interest with Bill
fingering her bald cunt.  She too was reaching a climax and got
up from the love seat turned around and knelt on it.  She braced
herself on the back of the seat and told Bill, " Fuck Me."  He
complied with willingness slipping up behind her doggy style and
in one motion driving his long thin prick home.  She moaned and
began to rock back and forth each time driving herself onto his
hard pole of a cock.  Each time she rolled forward his prick
would almost fall from her, it's glistening length clearly
evident.  Her boobs hung down firm and full.  Her nipples
brushing the couch with her every motion.  Sue too seemed to be
involved in putting on a show for the rest of us.  It wasn't long
before Bill began to thrust faster and moan.  He came with a rush
and I could see his juices start to ooze from Sue's cunt and run
down one leg.  Sue had still not come so with Bill being spent
told me to lick her off.  She remained perched on the edge of the
couch with her ass in the air.  I got down and placing my head on
the edge of the couch looked up into her dripping cunt and began
to lick.  This oral attention seemed to be the ticket for in a
moment she began to thrash about and finally she orgasmmed.  I
kept up my oral attentions for a few more minutes until told to
stop.  Sue rolled over and slumped in the love seat.  I was now
at her feet obedient as ever.  

We all seemed to have had enough and Sue said she didn't know
about the rest of us but she was going to bed.  She added
emphatically "To sleep."  Dianne agreed but said that there was
one thing left.  She told Sue she would like to see someone fuck
my ass just so I would know what it was like.  Sue agreed that I
should have my ass cherry taken but it didn't look like any one
was up to it.  While she said this she was looking at Bill and
Doug.  They certainly weren't in any shape to push their cocks
into anything.  I felt relieved.  After all I'm not into this
sort of thing although I was mildly curious.  "While," said
Audrey, "There is one solution.  I'll be back in a minute."

I wasn't sure about this but all the women seemed bound and
determined I would have my ass fucked.  Sue told me to stand in
front of the captains chair facing it.  She added this was some
more of my punishment for my failings last weekend.  She took my
hands and placed them on the back of the chair.  I meekly
complied and found that I was being bound once again.  This time
my hands were lashed by Dianne to the back of the chair while my
ankles and knees were tied to the front legs of the chair.  My
ass was exposed to them and they each took turns spanking me
until my backside began to redden and smart.  One of them reached
between my legs and pulled on my balls.  Another felt for my cock
and told the others that this was turning me on.  They were
right.  In a bizarre way being tied up and disciplined was
renewing the sexual tension in me even though it had only just
been released.  

Audrey returned with the dildo and some KY jelly.  Oh no I
thought I can't take it.  Despite my pleas I was helpless to
prevent Sue from greasing up my ass and Dianne beginning to probe
my ass hole with the thick cock.  The pressure against my rectum
was insistent.  She manoeuvred the cock about and after some
effort my ass opened up and the tip slipped in.  Once in the rest
followed easily.  The pain was certainly there but it began to
fade and was replaced by pleasure.  Dianne worked the fake cock
in and out.  I was beginning to enjoy it and was even thrusting
to meet her strokes.  My cock was now hard and this did not go
unnoticed.  With some movement on my part I was able to rub my
cock against the arm of the chair.  My pleasure reached a new
height and when Dianne reached between my legs and massaged my
balls I let go another load of cum.  Applause went up from my
audience and I collapsed as far as my bounds would let me. 
Dianne eased the plastic cock from my ass and said I had done a
good job.  I thanked her for fucking my ass and Sue untied me.

"That really is enough for to-night." Sue said. "Time for sleep." 
My body was sore and I was ready for sleep too.  Audrey announced
that she thought we should go home and I didn't object.  Doug and
Bill thanked us and especially Audrey for her show.  Dianne
thanked us as well and told me I was a real credit to my
profession.

After we were dressed Sue escorted us to the door.  She gave me a
big kiss and squeezed my cock.  She gave me back the first part
of this letter and told me to complete it with that nights
events.  She said she expected to see it on the Net soon so don't
forget to sent it.  She also handed me a video tape and said
Audrey would explain later what it contained.  She told Audrey
she'd call her next week and perhaps arrange another game of
Trivial Pursuit with us.  Audrey said that would be great.  I
told her that I planned to win.  Sue gave Audrey a long kiss and
they seemed to exchange tongues.  After a firm squeeze of my ass
we finally left and walked quickly the short block to our house. 
I was happy but exhausted.  I was curious about the tape but it
would have to wait for morning.  We stripped down and climbed
into bed.  

                          The Epilogue 

I didn't wake until nearly noon on Saturday.  Audrey was nude and
asleep.   I was hungry.  I had a quick shower and threw on a
house coat.  Audrey began to stir as I came out of the bathroom
and I told her I would make her some breakfast.  I began to cook
breakfast and could hear the shower running.  She came down to
the kitchen fifteen minutes later with her white terry towel coat
tied around her middle.  My cock which had been wrung dry last
night began to stir at the sight of her boobs almost falling from
her coat.  Audrey sat down and of course her housecoat fell open
below her waist so I could see the top of her hairless cunt but
her legs remained respectably closed.  The top of her coat fell
open even more and her nipples were clearly visible.  She looked
up at me, "Don't you ever get enough."  "I thought last night
would have drained me for a month," I said "but obviously not." 
At this I flipped open my house coat to reveal my stiffening
erection.  "Well I'm too sore for action to-day.  You'll have to
just look."  "That suits me fine.  You know I love to look." I
replied.

We finished our breakfast and I retrieved the Saturday papers
from the porch.  I settled in to read the paper section by
section sharing them with Audrey on the other side of the
breakfast table.  I looked at the TV guide and then remembered
the video tape we had brought home.  I asked Audrey about it but
she said if I wanted to find out I'd have to watch it.  That
suited me fine.  There wasn't a baseball game on anyway so I
retrieved it from the front hall way where I had carelessly left
it when we came home at three in the morning.  I inserted the
cassette and as I settled onto the couch and flipped the TV and
VCR on Audrey came into the rec room.  "I figured I'd better join
you and explain." she said.

Audrey told me that on the Tuesday when she had gone to Sue's for
coffee, Sue had gone over some of the events of the previous
weekend.  She told Audrey that she had come to the conclusion
that Audrey loved to show of her bawd, that she got off
masturbating and teasing others by exhibiting herself and that
Sue was offering her an opportunity to do all this for Sue and
her guests on the Friday.  Audrey reluctantly admitted that such
was a secret fantasy of hers but she wasn't sure she could go
through with it.  Sue talked to her at length, telling her that
it would greatly excite her guests and herself.  The fact that
she could excite people with her a performance of her fantasy
excited her she told me and was enough to make her agree.  The
more she thought about it in the following days the more she was
turned on.  Sue suggested a dress rehearsal on Thursday and they
began to plan it.

When Audrey arrived on Thursday Sue had got all the props but had
another surprise.  She introduced Emma.  Audrey described Emmy as
young, maybe twenty three, short sandy hair, slim with ample
breasts.

Emma was a video camera woman it turned out.  When Audrey asked
about the kind of movies she filmed, she was shocked when Emmy
told her XXX rated.  Sue told Audrey that Emma had brought all
her equipment and as a special present would tape the dress
rehearsal and edit the tape so Audrey would have a permanent
memento of her performance.  Again Audrey expressed her doubts
but Sue managed to convince her to follow through.  Emma set up
the lights and a camera on a tripod.  They talked through the
performance Audrey and Sue had planned.  Emma made comments and
suggestions about what would and wouldn't come across well. 
Audrey explained that she and Sue were having difficulty with a
dramatic conclusion when Emma said she had just the ticket.

Emma went out to her van and came back with the "fucking machine"
I had seen for the first time the night before.  Like me, Audrey
wondered what it was so she told me that Emma agreed to
demonstrate it.  Emma quickly stripped off her clothes and set up
the machine with a the dildo.  Without so much as gentle warm up
with her fingers Emma slipped it into herself.  Audrey said Emma
seemed to turn on immediately and began to thrash about and while
Audrey and Sue had seen enough to know how it worked Emma
continued to fuck herself until she had come off several times. 
Emma finally eased it from her cunt and stood up and asked Sue
and my wife what they thought.  "Looks like just the ticket.", 
Sue decided.  "I'm going to have to get one of those for myself." 
Audrey told me it really looked exciting and told them she'd love
to try it.  Emma explained that you could even add a second
plastic cock or whatever if you wished.  At first Audrey told me
she was a bit puzzled but when Emma mounted a anal penetrator
just above the still mounted dildo which was glistening from
Emma's juices, she quickly got the drift and told them, "Why
not?"

Audrey went on to explain how Emma had filmed the entire dress
performance using two cameras.  One was mounted on the tripod as
she had mentioned and filmed everything which could be seen in
the mirror and the other Emma held and shot the scene from
different angles.  While in the performance the night before had
relied on the mock mirror to allow us the best view during the
rehearsal, it was in place for the filming. 

Audrey then asked me if I was ready to see the video.  Ready, I
could scarcely contain myself.  I started the VCR.  It began with
a picture of Audrey in her French maid outfit walking down the
hall at Sue's house.  A title block overwrote the picture with
"Audrey's Fantasy".  There was soft music in the background. 
Unlike so many XXX rated videos I had seen the production quality
of this one was high.  As Audrey entered the bedroom scene set up
in Sue's family room the camera followed her.  I began to see on
the screen Audrey's performance of the night before.  In this
case the various camera angles enhanced what I had experienced
less than 12 hours before.  Not only was I able to see through
the mirror but the action was intercut with side views, close ups
and top views of Audrey getting herself off.  In a matter of
minutes I had my hand inside my house coat and was stroking my
already hard prick.  Audrey watched the screen and what I was
doing for myself.  The way the action on the screen was turning
me on was having an affect on her too.  She began to massage her
breasts and her soft stomach.  As the tape which ran for nearly
an hour reached the final dramatic climax I gasped and let yet
another load of cum fly.  It covered my hand and chest.  Audrey
was not far behind and gasped with several fingers in herself
feeling her cunt twitch in orgasm as well.  

I am sure we will continue to enjoy watching the tape as a
prelude to great sex.  It certainly will remind us of the
remarkable two weekends we spent with Sue and her guests.  I only
wish we had it all on tape.

Sue called Audrey the other day and challenged us both to another
game of Trivial Pursuit at her house.  It seems she really
enjoyed the last one.  I'm not surprised.  I know I did.  Audrey
says she has some new ideas for us when she wins.  I can hardly
wait.  I've got some ideas myself of what I'd like to do if I can
pull off a victory.  I'll make sure I write again after the
weekend.  In the mean time I'll have to E-mail this.  SUE'S
ORDERS.

Paul

Comments are always welcome.  Contact Dumb Wonder through
dumbw@hotmail.com




        Fun and Games - Part 3 - Sue Continues the Story
                                
                          The Prologue
                                
Recently you carried an E-Mail letter from Paul called "Fun and
Games - Parts 1 & 2" in which Paul described how he and his wife,
who through a game of Trivial Pursuit, got involved in a sexual
adventure which fulfilled many of their fantasies.  Well I am Sue
from the letter and I would like to tell your readers about what
happened a month later when they came to my house to play Trivial
Pursuit.

For those of you who didn't read the letter, I got into a game of
Trivial Pursuit whereby the losers had to perform sexual favours
for the winner.  I won and took control of my two sex slaves
Audrey and Paul.  We got into a wild evening of sex involving
discipline, exhibitionism and Audrey and I even got into some
lesbian sex.  I explored with them their private sexual
fantasies.  The next weekend with my boyfriend over and another
couple I forced Paul to fulfil his fantasy of being a sex slave
and Audrey's exhibitionist desires.  

My guests and boyfriend flew home after the weekend and being
some distance away I have not seen them in some time.  I was
unable to get Audrey and Paul from my thoughts though and as they
live just down the street I invited them to my house to play
Trivial Pursuit again.

                         The Return Match

Tpaul and Audrey arrived as planned about 8:00 on Friday evening. 
Audrey was dressed in lovely short pale blue dress which reached
only half way to her knees.  It showed off her slender white
stockinged legs to perfection.  The dress was cut very low in the
front.  In fact the centre of the opening dipped well below her
full breasts.  The shoulder supports were slender and the arm
openings large so the curve of her breasts were equally visible
through these openings as well.  Paul was more conservatively
dressed in Bermuda shorts and a short sleeve sport shirt.  His
broad chest and well muscled body was evident and quite a turn
on. 

As far as they were concerned I was conservatively dressed with a
high necked blouse and knee length skirt but my underclothing was
sexually motivated.

They came in and Paul handed me two large bottles of wine
explaining it would help the game along.  I took them to the
kitchen and returned a moment later with a tray and three glasses
of wine.  I had already set up the game board on the coffee table
and set down opposite the lovely couple in a big arm chair.  The
chair had been drawn up to the table.

I leaned over and coyly asked if they were ready to lose.  The
last time we had played they had relished losing and being
coerced into doing my sexual bidding.  Paul's attitude had
changed though and he was much more assertive this time.  He said
he planned to win this time and asked if I was ready to lose. 
After what I had done to him in our previous encounters I
certainly deserved to be punished and losing I knew would ensure
that.  This was going to be a challenge I thought.  It had never
occurred to me before that I might lose and I wasn't quite sure I
should continue if there was a danger I would be subject to his
will or hers for that matter.  This possibility however only
heighten the thrill of playing.

We rolled the dice to see who would start.  Paul won.  I wanted
to make sure they were playing fairly though and enquired as to
how many pieces of clothing they had on.  Remarkably the number
came out even as five each.  I suggested we play a little
differently though and explained that instead of penalizing some
one for missing a question for pie, they should be rewarded by
choosing one of their opponents to remove a piece of clothing. 
They both agreed that this sounded O.K.  I knew this would
eliminate Audrey or Paul from deliberately blowing a question as
they had last time.  I wasn't prepared though for the impact this
change in rules would have.  

Paul seemed to have been practising in the last few weeks because
he immediately proceeded to run around the board answering every
question until he got to his first opportunity for a piece of
pie.  With little problem he answered correctly.  He looked
straight at me and boldly said he wanted more than a piece of pie
from me.  We all knew what he meant and I could scarcely change
the rules now.  I stood up and proceed to remove one of my
stockings being careful to reveal as little flesh as I could. 
Paul continued his turn and got yet another piece of pie.  Again
he looked at me and without asking I again stood up and this time
removed my left stocking.  His turn continued but finally he
missed a question and it came to an end.

It was now Audrey's turn and she too seemed to have improved in
the last few weeks.  She picked up a piece of pie and told me she
wanted to see more of my delightful flesh.  I suddenly realized
that they were ganging up on me.  They hadn't had to remove a
stitch of clothing.  I hadn't even had a turn and here I was half
undressed.  I protested.  They insisted and I was forced to admit
that the rule change had been my idea.  It wasn't fair though
since there were two of them trying to undress me and I only had
one chance to deal with both of them.  They caucused for a moment
and decided that it was too late to change the rules at this
point but offered another condition that no favours could be
extracted till both opponents were naked.  That was some relief
and I stood up to remove my blouse.

I turned my back to them and slowly undid the many buttons.  I
pulled the blouse out from my skirt.  I then slipped my arms out
and let the blouse drop to the floor.  Beneath it all I had on
was a daring little red apron with white lace trim.  It was
supported with a narrow band behind my neck which was attached to
each corner of the bodice.  The bodice itself was very narrow and
barely wide enough to cover both my nipples at one time. In fact
from the side most of my tits were visible.  "Very nice." Paul
exclaimed as I turned around.  Audrey stared intently at my
breasts.  Her turn continued but she missed a question.

It was finally time for me to get some revenge.  I seemed, like
them, to have an easy time and while I didn't have many clothes
on I managed to pick up three pieces of pie in short order so
that after the first complete round I led.  It was difficult to
know whose clothes to order off.  I started with Paul knowing I
had to get past his socks before things would get interesting.  I
used my first two turns to relieve him of these articles.

With my third turn I shifted to Audrey.  I expected her to remove
a stocking as I had.  I should have known that Audrey was an
exhibitionist though because instead she stood up and began to
unto the front closing buttons on her dress.  In a moment she
stood before us with them all undone.  The dress still hung from
her shoulders but the view beyond was becoming very interesting.  
She was braless and her big boobs stood out almost swinging free. 
Audrey the shrugged a shoulder and the dress dropped to the
floor.  Beneath she had lacy panties over a garter belt which
held up her stockings.  She proceeded to walk around the room
showing off her fine body.  After our previous encounters I had
often thought of how I could use her beautiful body to satisfy my
sexual needs and her actions now heightened my desires to do so. 
Paul told me they had dressed separately and so he was unaware
until now exactly what she had chosen to wear.  As she walked I
noticed too that her lace panties were not your normal department
store variety but were crotchless.  I could see her dark pubic
hair poking through the opening emphasising the point.  When we
had last met I had shaved Audrey's pubic area bald but she must
have let it grow back since.  Paul I am sure noticed too.  Audrey
finally returned to her seat and sat down in a very lady like way
with her legs together so her treasures were no longer visible. 
My turn continued but the distraction Audrey had created threw me
off and I missed a question.

Paul's turn came next.  I knew he was intent on undressing me and
my fate was in his hands as he came up to another question for
pie.  Thankfully he missed it.  He was disappointed but I wasn't
safe because Audrey picked up where he left off and picked up
another piece of pie.  She demanded another piece of clothing
from me.  Again I protested by they both insisted these were my
rules.  I stood up and casually unzipped my skirt and let it slip
to the floor.  All I had left protecting my modesty was the
little red apron the top of which I had described before.  It was
tied in the back around my waist but in front it was made up of
only a small square of material that was as wide as my hips and
reached six inches below my waist.  Audrey demanded I model my
outfit for them.  I was blushing as I turned around exposing the
sides of my tits and my backside as I did.  They told me to bend
over and I told them I hadn't lost yet and didn't plan to.

Audrey's turn continued and she won yet another piece of pie.  I
was beginning to regret my rash plan for another evening
dominating this couple of sex fanatics but it was too late now. 
I was doomed I expected Audrey to look my way again.  Instead she
looked at Paul.  He stood up and casually removed his shirt. 
After all we couldn't see more than if he were at a public beach. 
Audrey finally missed a question and it was my turn again.  

While I was doing well in the game, I had three pieces of pie, I
was almost undressed.  My luck continued and I picked up two more
pieces of pie.  With the first I told Paul to remove his shorts. 
He did as I directed casually sliding them off to reveal a set of
green bikini underwear that barely constrained his swollen love
muscle.  The action was obviously getting him excited.  Not only
was his cock clearly hard but pre cum had socked the material
around the tip of his cock.  It was all I could do to keep from
reaching over and stroking his large prick.  

With my second piece of pie I looked to Audrey and directed her
to remove another piece of clothing.  She stood up and turned her
back to us and slowly began to slip her crotchless panties over
her ass and down her stocking clad legs.  She stepped out of them
and spread her legs wide and bend over from the waist.  The sight
was unbelievably erotic.  Her stocking clad legs and garter belt
framed her gorgeous ass.  Her cunt lips were clearly visible and
opened to reveal her inner pink lips.  Her pubic hair was dark
black and very short having only begun to grow back in.

She reached between her legs and slid her fingers through her wet
cunt.  We could both hear her moan with pleasure.  She slipped
two fingers into herself and withdrew them with a slurping sound. 
She stood up and slowly turned around sucking her own juices from
her fingers in a very suggestive manner.  I could feel myself
beginning to get wetter and wetter as she went through her
exhibitionist routine.  Paul's tongue was almost on the floor and
his cock was now fully erect.  Audrey finally sat down and asked
us if we liked what we saw.  Paul groaned and said "For sure."  I
echoed his sentiment and added that I had plans for her when I
won.  But my turned quickly ended when I missed a question.

I was getting close to winning with five pieces of pie but it was
now Paul's turn and he had only two.   His luck seemed to have
changed and he proceeded onto the next pie question and got it
easily.  He looked in my direction.  I told him it wasn't fair
that he was picking on me but he told me I deserved it.  He was
right about that.  I had been pretty tough on him the last time
we had been together forcing him to whack off for my guests,
watch his wife erotically display herself for my guests, suck
cock and eat cunt not to mention fucking his asshole with a
plastic cock.  He had thoroughly enjoyed it but I knew that I
certainly deserved retribution for my indecent treatment of him. 
He told me that I didn't have to take off my little apron if I
would display myself as Audrey had just done.  The thought that I
could turn him on as Audrey had, made me agree.

I stood up and slowly turned my back to them.  From the back I 
was virtually naked.  Only the tie around my waist and neck
hinted at my having any clothing on at all.  As Audrey had done I
spread my legs wide and bent over from the waist.   I knew my
cunt must be fully exposed to them.  I could see both Paul and
Audrey ogling my most private parts.  I reached down and rubbed
my bald pussy slowly.  I was really juicing up with their visual
attention and I could feel my swollen and distended inner cunt
lips.  I slid two fingers into my cunt and slurped them about
just as Audrey had done, sliding them over my engorged clit as I
removed them.  As I stood up and turned around I sucked my love
juices from my fingers.  Both Audrey and Paul broke into applause
and told me I put on quite a show.  I was hotter than ever now.

Paul's turn continued and he picked up two more pieces of pie
before he finally missed.  He now had five pieces of pie.  I
expected his attention would be focused on me but instead he used
his two pieces of pie to have Audrey remove her stockings. 
Audrey's now rolled the dice.  She wasn't having much luck to
this point but managed to add one more piece to the one she
already had.  While she said she liked my show she wanted me to
remove the last piece of clothing I had on.  With some reluctance
I slipped the ties of my skimpy apron free to reveal my naked
self.  I resumed my seat and Audrey rolled the dice again.  She
answered all the questions right yet again and picked up her
third piece of pie.  She now asked Paul to remove his bikini
underwear.  Paul stood up and with great flare slipped the small
covering over his erect cock and down his legs.  His cock was
bigger than I remembered.  It looked good enough to eat but no
doubt that would come later.  Audrey declared that she had us
just where she wanted us and rolled again.  She obviously had
something else in mind but that would have to wait because she
finally missed a question.  

It was now my turn again.  I only needed one more piece of pie
and the centre to win.  Things were looking good when I got the
first piece.  I wanted to have Paul eat my cunt but I couldn't do
that until Audrey removed her last piece of clothing.  These were
the amended rules we had agreed on.  Audrey stood up and slipped
the garter belt off, her big breasts swinging as she bent over. 
She asked me if I'd like to feel them I nodded and then she
dashed my hopes by telling me that I would have to win first.  I
intended to do this but couldn't answer the next question right.

Paul with five pieces of pie had his chance.  This game was
becoming too close for comfort.  There was a real danger I could
lose and as a result be subject to Paul's discipline.  While I
felt I deserved to be punished, I wasn't too sure what he would
do.  Despite my reservations though my body was becoming more and
more excited by the prospect of losing.  Paul picked up his last
piece of pie and with everyone now undressed, as we had agreed,
he could demand a sexual favour.  He looked at me and told me his
cock needed a good licking.  I got on my knees between his legs
and began to stroke his erect manhood.  He was enormous.  I began
to lick its entire veined length and lapped at the tiny hole at
the top of his cock.  His body began to tense under my attention
and he quickly told me that that was enough, for now.  I was
disappointed because I was looking forward to filling my mouth
with his cum.  I think he knew he was teasing me and he told me
he had other uses for my hot little mouth.   

                            The Winner

Paul now only needed to answer one last question to win the game. 
I had expected to win the game.  In preparation I had spent many
hours dreaming up things I would have them do if I won.  I had
thoroughly enjoyed  having the two of them fulfil my sexual
fantasies and they had been equally enthusiastic doing my sexual
bidding.  Our past encounters had been an overload of sexual
pleasure.  Now the tables seemed to be turning and Paul was going
to win the game and with it the right to treat Audrey and I as
his sex slaves.  I have always taken a dominant role when it
comes to sex and now it seemed I was about to feel the other end
of the stick.  True to these expectations Paul easily answered
the question in the toughest category Audrey and I could think
of.  I faced the prospect of doing his sexual bidding whatever it
might be with some apprehension never-the-less I was also excited
by the prospect of serving him in any way he might demand.

Audrey asked him what he would have us do for him.  She seemed to
be really into the role of a sex slave.  Paul looked at both of
us for a moment  then told us to sit on the floor Indian fashion
facing him.  We both did as he ordered.  Our cunts of course in
this position were wide open.  He then told us to stroke
ourselves off.  I knew that Audrey was really into this form of
exhibitionism but I wasn't used to performing for others in this
way and was reluctant until Paul asked me if I needed a good
spanking to encourage me.  I didn't like this idea so I followed
Audrey's lead and began to fondle my cunt.  Paul's cock was fully
erect and he was playing with himself as well but watching us
intently.  I was pretty high and in a moment my need for sexual
relief overcame any reluctance to perform such a personal act for
him.  Audrey was well ahead of me, her eyes were closed tight and
her body stiffening under the stimulation she was giving herself. 
It was apparent she was about to come.  All of a sudden Paul told
her to stop.  He was really into bringing all of us to the brink
of relief and not letting us go over.  He told me to continue
while they both watched.

I could feel my body beginning to tense.  I was watching him
fondling his cock and while I slide a finger over my clit.  Every
few strokes I would slip my finger deep into my sopping cunt and
slowly withdraw and continue to work over my clit.  Just as with
Audrey he told me to stop before I got off.  It was hard not to
continue but he was in charge and I was his slave.

He told Audrey to stand up and bend over the chair.  He spread
her legs wide and slide two long fingers into her twat from
behind.  Audrey began to oh and ah immediately to the massage he
was giving her cunt.  Paul then slipped his big fat dick into her
cunt and began to pump away.  Audrey reached back and began to
fondle her love button with one hand.  Because of her heightened
state of arousal she came in no time.  Orgasm after orgasm
convulsed her body as Paul continued to pump her.  With every
stroke I could see his juice covered dick slide nearly out of her
cunt and then disappear again.  Finally with a groan he filled
her with his cum.  For a moment he didn't move then finally
collapsed in the big arm chair.

Paul looked over to me and told me to clean up her cunt with my
tongue.  I'm not into Lesbian sex but the strange control he had
over me and the feeling I had that this was what I deserved for
the treatment I had given him made me happy to comply.  Audrey
remained on her feet bent over the chair.  I rested the back of
my head on the edge of the chair and pulled her cunt to my lips. 
Paul's love juices were seeping from her reddened cunt lips.  I
began by lapping the edges of her cunt with my tongue, taking the
white cum into my mouth.  I slurped up the cum in her cunt and
teased her clit with my tongue.  I could feel her body again
stirring under my tongue but stopped short of making her come
again.  Paul told me that that was enough and Audrey and I both
sat down.  I had cum all over my face and using a finger scooped
it all up and licked my finger clean.  All this action had me
incredibly hot.  After all the other two had gotten their rocks
off.  I felt like I had to come and or I'd go crazy.  I started
to finger myself but Paul was in control.  He forbade me and his
commands only served to heighten my sexual tension and I found
that, like him on our previous meetings, I liked being dominated
in this way.  

Paul now decided that he would like to see Audrey's cunt shaved. 
He suggested that we adjourn to the bathroom and I perform the
task.  I indicated that I would be happy too and we left the
living room.  Paul followed us with a hand on each of our asses.

When we arrived at the bathroom, Audrey quickly set herself on
the vanity with her legs spread wide for her shave.  While I got
my tools Paul inspect her cunt and thrust two fingers into her
cunt. As he fucked her in this way she began to thrust back as
her sexual tension mounted.  When I returned Paul removed his
fingers and placed them between my lips to be cleaned.  I could
taste her love juices.  Paul told me to get busy so I took a hot
wet cloth placed it over Audrey's pussy to soften up the hair. 
The hair wasn't long so after massaging a little shaving cream
over her pussy I began to trim her nest with the razor.  She kept
telling how good it felt and that she had let it grow back
because she knew we would want to shave her again.  After
delicately working around her pussy lips and up the crack of her
ass I cleaned the remaining shaving cream off with the wash cloth
and present her for Paul's inspection.  He bent over and tongued
her slit and congratulated me on a job well done.  He asked me to
lick her slit too and I could feel Audrey tense as I dallied over
her clit with my tongue.  Paul saw the affect I was having on
Audrey and said that that was enough.  

                  Sue's Sexual Initiation Retold

Paul told us to go back to the living room but we stopped at the
kitchen on the way to refill our wine glasses.  When we were
again seated in the living room,  Paul decided that since he and
Audrey had revealed incidents in their sexual past to me it was
now my turn to reciprocate.  It was certainly a reasonable
request in light of what I had forced them to do and normally I
would not have done it but I was so turned on that nothing was
too unreasonable for me to do for my master.

I began by explaining that my initiation to sex had been delayed
till I was 16 by my parents who had sent me away to a very
conservative boarding school.  Sure there had been stories about
boys but they were only gossip.  I had learned about masturbation
from an accidental discovery of how good it felt stroking my
pussy when I was nearly fifteen.  That was the limit of my sex
education when I came home for the summer I was sixteen.  My
parents were away for the weekend leaving only my eighteen year
old sister Sandy and I to fend for ourselves.  My parents lived
in the country.  If  we had a problem we were told to call Mrs.
Smith who was our nearest neighbour a quarter of a mile away.
  
Saturday morning I was feeling bored and decided to go and bat
some tennis balls around against the practice board on our court. 
Sandy was off with her boyfriend Dan.  I changed into my
sneakers, white tennis top and skirt, got my racket but couldn't
find any tennis balls.  I decided to check Sandy's room.  I was
rummaging around in her closet when I heard Sandy come in the
front door.  Dan was with her.  Sandy was very sensitive about my
poking around her room so I panicked at the possibility of being
caught in her closet.  Without thinking I closed the louvred
closet doors and hoped I wouldn't be discovered.

Dan and Sandy came into her room and closed the door.  Dan asked
where I was but Sandy told him not to worry that I was probably
out with some girlfriend.  I peeked out through the crack between
the doors to see what was going on.  They were standing by
Sandy's bed kissing passionately.  Dan's hands were wandering up
and down Sandy's back.  After a moment he began to massage her
ass.  Both of them were squirming their bodies together.  Finally
they broke their kiss and Sandy whispered something to Dan.  Dan
said he'd love to and began to unbutton Sandy's blouse.  After
completing this he unbuckled her belt and pants and slipped down
the fly of her jeans.  Sandy watched every move he made.  Dan
gave her a quick kiss and in the process slid his hands up her
back to release her bra.  She stepped back from him and slipped
her blouse and bra off in one motion.  Her breasts were firm and
large when compared to mine at the time I remembered.  Dan
fondled them for a minute and bent and took one nipple in his
mouth and sucked it.

I told Audrey and Paul that the show I was seeing was beginning
to turn me on and I had slid one hand inside my tennis skirt and
was rubbing my tender young pussy through my underwear.  Dan
looked up at Sandy and slid his hands inside the ass of her
pants.  As he gazed into her face he slid his hands lower and
lower removing her pants and underwear as he went.  In so doing
he had gone down on his knees before her.  When he reached the
floor he was gazing up her body past her brown downy pussy and
firm breasts to her face.  Sandy stepped out of her pants and
spread her legs a couple of feet apart.  Dan now did something I
had never heard of before but have since learned to love, he
began to nuzzle his mouth into her cunt.  Sandy urged him on in
words I was unfamiliar with.  She told him to lick her cunt and
tongue her clit.  Her directions to him were being followed and
she held the back of his head so as to force him into her cunt
but from her groaning it almost sounded as if she was in pain. 
Never-the-less Dan continued to tongue her pussy as I had never
seen before.  Sandy body began to tense and finally convulse in
what I was familiar with as the throes of an orgasm.

I was fascinated but also afraid of discovery.  Sandy raised Dan
gently with her hands on either side of his head and gave him a
long sensual kiss.  She lead him to her bed and proceeded to
remove his T-shirt and jeans revealing his enormous cock.  I had
never seen anything like it.  My biology books had had only
sketches and the penis was always shown limp.  Dan's stood
straight up and must have been 8 inches long and more than an
inch and a half thick.  Sandy asked him if he'd like to do it
doggy style and Dan said why not.  The foot of Sandy's bed was
facing the closet I was hidden in.  When she climbed onto it on
her hands and knees her feet just hung over the edge.  In this
position her profile was clearly visible to me.  Her breasts
appeared larger than ever hanging down.  Her ass was pointed
towards Dan and she looked back over her shoulder and told to get
his prick into her.  I couldn't believe that she could take his
monster of cock let alone that she was encouraging him on. 
Never-the-less Dan stepped up behind Sandy and aiming his cock
with one hand and steadying himself with a hand on her back
slipped the head of his prick between the lips of her waiting
cunt.  With one slow motion he plunged into her and she groaned
in obvious pleasure.  Not only did she take him all in she was
actually pushing back to get more of his cock into her.

This whole scene was turning me on unbelievably and my panties
were now soaked with my juices.  I slipped my fingers into my
love nest and began the familiar fingering of my clit I had
practised alone late at night.  Meanwhile as I spied on my sister
and her boyfriend I could tell they were really getting into it. 
Sandy was rocking back and forth on her hands and knees meeting
every thrust from Dan's big cock.  As he would withdraw almost to
the point of slipping from her love box I would see much of his
hard cock glistening with her love juices then he would plunge it
back in.  All the time he was hold her by the hips. Sandy was
moaning and telling how good it felt, urging him to fuck her
deeper and harder.  They kept this up for a few minutes with the
pace gradually increasing.  Sandy was thrashing her head about,
her lovely wavy blonde hair hanging down around her face.  Her
boobs were swaying back and forth.  They were both sweating and
moaning.  All of a sudden Dan tensed and held Sandy tightly to
his cock moaning that he was coming.  A moment later Sandy too
began to come.  I too could feel my orgasm building to the point
of no return under the stimulation of my fingers and the scene
through the slightly open closet doors.

After a few moments Dan and Sandy collapsed onto the bed
temporarily exhausted.  I could see Dan's cock now red and limp
hanging across his leg.  Sandy was laying beside him with a leg
over his and because of my position opposite the end of the bed I
was looking right into her open cunt not six feet away.  Dan's
cum was leaking from her pussy and down her leg.

I was fascinated by the scene but at this moment disaster struck
or as events developed another stage in my sexual education.  I
was feeling cramped and shifted my position knocking over
something in the closet.  There was a tremendous crash.  Both
Sandy and Dan were startled.  Dan grabbed a blanket from the bed
to cover himself.  Sandy got up and without the least concern for
her nudity proceeded right to the closet where I was hidden.  She
flung open the doors.  There was nowhere for me to hide now.  I
had been found out and must face their wrath.  Sandy grabbed my
wrist and dragged me from the closet.  She demanded to know why I
was there.  She ranted and raved at me accusing me of spying on
them and being perverted.  I started to blubber an explanation
but she told me to shut up.  After a few minutes of yelling she
began to calm down.  

Dan hadn't said a word and simply watched us and protected his
modesty with the blanket.  Sandy turned to him and began to muse
aloud what they might do to teach me a lesson for spying on them. 
All of a sudden she began to laugh at Dan.  "Why on earth are you
spending so much time covering up when she just watched you
eating me out and fucking your balls off?" she asked
rhetorically.  Then she announced she had an idea what I might do
to atone for my spying on them.  She decided I should put on a
show for them.  She told me to take off my clothes.  I didn't
move.  I was shocked at the prospect of undressing in front of a
boy and the way she said it made me even more nervous.

Sandy took my hand and lead me around to the side of the bed and
made me stand in front of Dan.  She told me she would help.  For
some reason I didn't even resist.  I didn't wear a bra most of
the time when I was young because I found them constricting
especially when playing sports.  Sandy still nude stood behind me
and slide her hands up under my tennis T-shirt.  She covered each
of my breasts with one of her hands and began to massage them.  I
should have pushed her away and run but I didn't even move or
protest.  Dan was watching eagerly.  Sandy told him he would like
my boobs they were nice and soft but firm.  Sandy's hands felt
good.  After a moment she said Dan deserved a look so she slipped
my top over my head and continued to feel my tits stopping every
few moments to tease my little nipples.  They appreciated her
efforts and stood to attention.  Sandy reached down and took my
hands and told me to try.  I did as directed without thinking.  

Sandy now reached down and slipped my skirt over my hips and to
the floor.  Still standing behind me she started to massage my
pussy through my panties but quickly discovered how wet I was. 
She told me I was very naughty to be so turned on by all I had
seen and explained to Dan that my cunt was soaking wet.  She
slipped her hand inside my panties and began to stroke my cunt
and clit.  I was getting higher than a kite despite how evil I
knew what I was doing was.  Dan was mesmerized watching what
Sandy was doing.  Sandy in order to work her hand more freely
slipped my panties down.  I was now as naked as she was.  Sandy
asked Dan if he would like to fuck a nice tight little virgin and
he nodded anxiously.  His hand was under the blanket and Sandy
could see he was playing with himself.  She grabbed her dressing
table stool and placing it next to the bed told me to sit down
and spread my legs wide.  My cunt was now wide open for Dan to
see not more than four feet away.  Sandy took my hand and told me
to take over fingering myself.  Again I did as instructed as in a
trance.  It certainly felt awfully good.  I didn't care that what
I was doing was naughty or that a boy was watching me do it.

Sandy took the blanket from Dan and lowered her mouth to his
prick and began to suck on it.  She was really into it.  The
slurping noises were evidence of the intensity of what she was
doing.  Dan began to moan and his eyes I am sure would have
closed entirely but he was watching intently my fingers working
in my cunt.  I stepped up my efforts and moments later could feel
my orgasm beginning.  I know I must have groaned when I came but
I almost blacked out from the intensity.  My fingers wouldn't
stop and before my spasms had completely stopped I could feel
another climax coming.  Dan was moaning away telling Sandy to
suck harder.  Sandy had a hand between her legs and was working
hard on herself.  Just as Dan groaned he was coming Sandy and I
both went into an orgasm as well.  

The room went quiet, I told Audrey and Paul who were listening
intently to my story, except for heavy breathing and Sandy
slurping up Dan's come.  All of a sudden Dan cursed that he was
late for work.  He grabbed his clothes dressing as he picked them
up from the floor.  He told Sandy he'd call her later and quickly
left.  We could hear his car tires squealing as he drove out the
driveway obviously in a big hurry.

               Sue and her Sister Visit Mrs. Smith

Just then the phone rang and startled us all.  Sandy flipped on
the speaker phone and answered it.  It was Mrs. Smith from down
the road.  Knowing that we were alone for the weekend Mrs. Smith
invited us over for a swim and dinner.  Sandy accepted but asked
what we should wear.  Mrs. Smith's told us not to wear anything
special, "Just come as you are."  Sandy said she didn't think
that this was a good idea because neither of us had a stitch on. 
Mrs. Smith jokingly said that sounded interesting but that maybe
we had better put something on, at least until we got to her
house.  At the time I though this last comment a bit ominous but
didn't say anything to Sandy.  Sandy thanked her and hung up. 

We started to get ready to leave for the Smith's.  I put my
tennis outfit on and Sandy put her blouse and jeans back on.  She
left off her underwear though.  I mentioned it to her and she
said it got her worked up letting her pussy rub directly against
her jeans.  That sounded neat but I was only wearing my short
tennis skirt and didn't have any clean jeans around.  I couldn't
wear a short skirt without panties.  The slightest breeze and I
would be exposing myself.  

It was one of those oppressively hot sticky summer days and large
black clouds indicated a thunder storm was on the way.  Sandy
figured we could make it before the rain set in so we set off the
quarter mile to the Smiths house.  Before we turned up their lane
though the rain began to pour down in buckets.  By the time we
had reached their door we were drowned.  As we stood under their
porch roof waiting for Mrs. Smith to answer the door I looked at
Sandy.  She was a sight.  Her wet hair hung straight down.  Her
blouse was soaked and clung to her skin.  In fact wet, it was
almost transparent and braless her big boobs showed right through 
the nipples being particularly evident.  I wasn't in much better
shape.  My T-shirt clung to me like a second skin and I blushed
when I realized that my tits too were clearly visible.

Mrs. Smith answered the door.  She looked at us and told us to
come right in.  She insisted we call her Jean.  Jean was in her
mid twenties and well built but not fat.  She was wearing one of
those loose fitting Caribbean beach shirts.  It came half way to
her knees and because it was slit up the sides it was quite
revealing.  She immediately ushered us up to her bathroom and
handed us two big towels to dry off with.  She then began to
ponder as to what we could wear finally deciding that we could
put on a couple of her husbands dress shirts.  They might be too
big but they would be cool and he was away for a couple of weeks
and wouldn't need them.  Sandy and I stripped out of our wet
clothes and hung them in the bathroom and put on the long sleeve
shirts.  She was right, they were too big but they did cover us
somewhat and they were cool.  

We went back downstairs where Jean was working in the kitchen.   
She was busy sipping on a big goblet of white wine and after
pondering a moment said she figured it wouldn't harm if we had a
glass too.  We sat at the table and watched and talked as she
worked sipping from our goblets.  Every time Jean bent over her
top would slip up exposing half her ass.  Every time she leaned
over the table I could see down her top.  Her big tits were
visible through the open neck of her top.  Every time she moved
she seemed to go out of her way to make sure we could see more
and more of her body.  By now Sandy had noticed what was up and
was watching her closely as well all the time keeping up the
conversation as if nothing unusual was going on.  At one point
Jean needed something out of one of the higher up cupboards.  She
got a step stool and climbed up but still had to reach high above
her head. Her top was lifted by her arms up so her entire ass was
clearly visible to Sandy and I.  As she got down she realized
what had happened and excused herself for showing us her ass. 
Sandy quickly said that it was all right among us women.

Jean said it was too bad it was raining but we could entertain
ourselves with the VCR in the den if we wanted.  So with a goblet
of wine each Sandy and I went into the Den to look over the
Smith's video tape collection.  Jean called after us to tell us
she would join us in a few minutes.

Sandy began sifting through the drawer of tapes reading out the
titles to me as she went.  We had seen most of them and the
others didn't really sound too exciting.  All of a sudden Sandy
stopped reading and told me she had found just the one.  She
wouldn't say what it was but slipped into the VCR and turned the
TV on.  I sipped my wine and settled into a corner of the couch
to watch.  

The TV came on and the music came up and credits began to role. 
It certainly wasn't very professional but Sandy assured me I
would like it.  There didn't seem to be much plot just this very
attractive women in a bedroom preparing to go to bed.  She seemed
to be contemplating her figure in the mirror, pushing her breasts
up and gazing at herself from various angles.  Her movements
became more suggestive though when she began to  massage her
breasts through her dress.  All the time she was studying herself
in the mirror.  After a moment the woman began to slip her dress
of over her head to reveal her very skimpy underwear.  She
continued to fondle her breasts and slipped a hand inside her
panties to play with herself.  I was fascinated and so was Sandy. 
Next the woman removed her bra and studying her big breasts
intently takin each nipple in turn in her mouth and teasing it
with her tongue until they were stiff.  She turned with her back
to the mirror and studied her backside in the mirror. she pulled
her skinny panties up so they disappeared into the crack of her
ass.  She bend over from the waist and spreading her legs gazed
at her ass in the mirror.  She adjusted her panties so they too
slipped in to the crack of her cunt.  From behind we could see
the reflection of her ass and almost her whole pussy.  The VCR
was becoming very erotic.

I had heard of such movies before but never seen one and neither
had Sandy.  Sandy just sat there watching intently the
pornographic display on the screen.  Just then Jean came into the
room.  She was surprised by what we were watching and told us it
wasn't intended for our eyes and switched it off.  She explained
that she and her husband got turned on by such stuff and it was
for their private viewing.  This particular video was her
favourite.  Sandy said we might as well finish it since we had
seen this much.  Jean finally shrugged her shoulders and
relented.  She rationalized we would probably be exposed to such
things anyway sooner or later.  Sandy turned the tape back on. 

The action continued and to make a long story short for Audrey
and Paul I told them that the woman performed for the camera in
much the same way that Audrey had for my friends on our previous
meeting.  She brought herself off with her fingers, a vibrator
and finally a giant plastic cock all the while watching herself
in the mirror as if she too was a voyeur.  When the scene finally
finished I was really flushed and sexually excited by what I had
told my audience.  Telling these two sex maniacs was turning them
on too.  Audrey had her hand in her love nest and was working
away.  Paul's cock was hard and he was stroking himself casually. 
I slipped my hand so I could do what Audrey was doing for
herself.  Paul told me to go ahead but I was forbidden from
bringing myself off.  I liked the idea of doing his bidding and
having been to the brink of sexual bliss so frequently yet not
being allowed to go over only served to make my need sexual
relief more urgent.  Paul told Audrey to suck his cock while I
continued my story but NOT to bring him off.

I continued as I lazily slid my fingers in and out of my slippery
cunt.  When I finally took my eyes off the screen and looked over
to Jean I could see she was as flushed and exited as I was.  She
was casually stroking her inner thigh and her hand was slipping
up under her top.  Sandy too was looking at her.  Jean asked us
what we thought.  I told her it was pretty hot stuff and I liked
watching the woman do herself.  Sandy agreed and asked what part
Jean liked.  She told us it was all good and it really turned her
on.  She then stood up and politely asked if she might be excused
to relieve herself.  I was surprised when Sandy coyly asked what
kind of relief she was talking about.  Jean blushed and Sandy
suggested that maybe we could watch her get her relief.  Jean
excitedly asked if we would like that and Sandy said of course we
would.  Without having said so much they seemed to know exactly
what each other meant.  After all she told Jean it was her job as
our hostess to entertain her guests and we would find it very
entertaining.  

With that Jean dropped all modesty and slipped her top over her
shoulders exposing her body to our scrutiny.  Sandy asked her to
turn around slowly and she commented on what nice breasts and ass
she had.  Jean than sat in the big arm chair and slipped one leg
up over each arm.  Her cunt was wide open to our eyes and she
slowly began to massage her breasts teasing the nipples to
erection as she worked.  I must have been wide eyed.  Jean
watched herself as she worked looking every few minutes to Sandy
for approval.  Sandy egged her on telling her how sexy she
looked, how naughty she was and how much we were enjoying her
show.  Jean was enjoying what she was doing too.  After a few
minutes she let one of her hands slide down her body to her
pussy.  She wasted no time in probing her wet cunt and we could
hear the slurping her fingers were making.  In no time at all her
body began to tense and she began to moan.  Both Sandy and I were
mesmerized as she went into a long orgasm.

Sandy had slid her hand under her shirt and was obviously teasing
her cunt as well and I found it impossible not to do the same. 
Jean looked at us and asked if we had enjoyed watching her.  I
nodded and self consciously removed my hand from my wet cunt. 
Sandy said it really made her horny but what she needed was a big
fat cock.  Jean said she had just the thing and left the room
returning a few minutes later with what turned out to be a
plastic cock.  She handed it to Sandy and said "Try this."  Sandy
took it and examined it.  She told her she'd never used a dildo
before but she needed something in her.  Jean offered to help and 
as Sandy lay back on the couch with her legs spread Jean took the
life like male machine and began to slid it up and down Sandy's
wet cunt.  Sandy begged her to slip it in and Jean complied. 
Sandy announced that it felt really good.  Jean began to work it
in and out going deeper and deeper with each stroke until the
full length was embedded in her pussy.  Sandy began to moan
telling Jean not to stop.  Jean worked the cock back and forth
sliding her fingers on the in stroke to flick Sandy's clit. 
Sandy was now moaning and groaning as I had heard her earlier
when Dan had fucked her.  Sandy began to come in long spasms
finally collapsing onto the couch.  Jean removed the dildo and
licked Sandy's juices from it.  All the time I was stroking away
at my pussy.  It felt wonderful and with Sandy's climax I too had
gone over the top.

Jean looked over at me and suggested that I might like to try it. 
It looked appealing but I was afraid it might hurt.  Before I
could respond however Sandy interrupted to tell Jean that I was a
virgin.  Jean suggested I might like to try her vibrator instead. 
She left the room and returned a moment later with a pink plastic
battery operated vibrator.  I leaned back and Jean turned on the
vibrator.  I didn't know quite what to expect.  First she
caressed my breast with her soft hand and then began to ease the
pulsating vibrator over it as well.  I could feel the tingling
all the way to my toes.  When she began to concentrate on the
area of the nipple it was as if their was a direct connection to
my pussy.  My nipples immediately began to stiffen.  She slid the
machine down my body and concentrated on the area of my cunt.  It
wasn't long before I could feel the familiar pressure begin to
built.  The sensation she was creating was unbelievable and she
had yet to touch my pleasure centre.  She continued to work her
magic and moments later I again went over the brink.  She took my
hand and placed it on the vibrator and I continued to delight in
teasing my pussy again.  This time my climax was much quicker but
the orgasm went on for what seemed like forever.  I am sure I
would have continued to play with myself and this new toy had not
Sandy interrupted telling Jean she shouldn't spoil me.  At this
Jean reached over and turned the vibrator off and took it from
me.  

Jean asked if we were hungry and suggested that we go out to the
pool and cook something on the barbecue.  Without a concern for
our modesty, none of us had a stitch on, we all moved out onto
the pool deck and Jean fired up the gas barbecue.  While she
cooked up some burgers Sandy and I took a dip in the pool.  The
feeling of swimming nude was wonderful.  I was fascinated by the
way Sandy's big boobs floated as she swam on her back.  I noticed
Jean watching too.  When the burgers were ready we sat around
eating and talking.

After we were finished Jean suggested we might sun ourselves. 
She brought out some lotion and asked Sandy if she would like her
to apply some.  Sandy said sure and stretched out on a mat at the
edge of the pool.  Jean began by lathering some tanning oil on
her shoulders and then proceeded down her back and legs.  She
seemed to pay special attention to Sandy's ass and inner thighs. 
This really didn't surprise me at the time.  Once done her back
Sandy rolled over and Jean began to apply the oil to Sandy's
front.  She commented on what lovely breast Sandy had and
lathered them generously.  Sandy's nipples had stiffened under
Jean's attention.  Jean moved on down her body bypassing her
groin to do her lower legs.  She moved up the legs slowly until
she was massaging Sandy's inner thighs.  Sandy was starting to
tense under Jean's concerted attention.  Sandy told her not to
stop and Jean proceeded to begin fingering her in earnest.  She
told Sandy to spread her legs wider so I could see and she
complied willingly.  I could see right up her cunt now.  Her
clitoris was large and red.  Her inner cunt lips swollen and
equally red.  Jean fingered her clit and slipped two fingers into
her cunt.  Sandy began to moan how good it felt.  Jean kept up
the pace slowing down or moving to a different area of Sandy's
cunt when she sensed she was on the verge of coming.  Sandy
finally begged Jean to bring her off and Jean did just that. 
Sandy finally relaxed.

Jean turned to me and asked if I needed some oil.  I nodded
knowing full well what such a request would entail.  I spread
myself out on the mat next to Sandy.  Jean began with my back
just as she had done with Sandy.  The anticipation of being
brought off by some one else was incredible.  I could feel myself
tensing almost before she touched me.  Her hands were both soft
but firm.  I could feel my muscles relaxing as my sexual tension
rose.  When I rolled over I spread my legs wide as Sandy had
done.  I couldn't wait for Jean to get to my real sexual centre. 
She teased me though bringing me higher with each moment of
delay.  My breasts have always been sensitive and before she even
began to massage them the nipples were erect.  When she got to
the area of my cunt I almost came.  Sandy was watching intently
and told her I was way up although I am sure she knew.  She
backed off and resumed her massage beginning with my toes and
working up my leg.  Each time she touched my inner thigh close to
my pussy I thought I would come, I was that high.  Finally she
slipped a finger into my pussy and began to finger fuck me.  I
started to come as soon as her finger entered me and seemed to
come continuously.  Jean finally slowed down and withdrew her
fingers from me.  I was drained.  Never had I experienced such an
intense orgasm.

Sandy asked Jean if she needed any oil.  Jean said why not and
Sandy repeated on Jean what had happened to both of us minutes
before.  I really enjoyed watching Sandy bring Jean off, I told
Paul and Audrey.  There was little left to tell only that Sandy
and I had returned home after our visit with Jean without further
adventure my sex life the richer for the days experience with
Jean, Sandy and Dan.  

                Sue's Story Leads to Three way Sex

Audrey was still nibbling on Paul's cock when I finished the
story and I sensed Paul was having difficulty maintaining control
of the load of cum straining in his balls.  Paul pushed Audrey
away and suggested I finger her off as Jean had done me.  With
some massage oil from Audrey's bag, I duplicated on Audrey what
Sandy had done for Jean as I described above.  Audrey was as hot
as I had been and was even then telling this story and playing
with her lovely body.  It didn't take Audrey long to come off and
she too seemed to orgasm for ever.

I myself was dying for relief and slide my hand into my dripping
love nest as I worked on Audrey.  Just as I could feel the most
unbelievable orgasm beginning to build in me Paul grabbed my hand
from my cunt and told me I would have to wait.  I pleaded with
him for relief.  I told him I needed it so badly I would do
anything just let me come.  Paul told me to stand up and bend
over the big arm chair.  I did as he ordered.  He stepped up
behind me and easily slide his big prick into my cunt.  It felt
wonderful.  My juices were flowing freely.  All of a sudden he
withdrew and I looked around at him bewildered and frustrated.  I
pleaded with him not to stop.  He told me to brace myself.  As I
grasped the back of the armchair.  I could feel him slide his
cock covered in my juices down the crack of my ass.  All of a
sudden he gave a lunge and slide his cock up my ass.  I gasped
for I hadn't expected this.  Only once had I ever had my ass
fucked and it had hurt but this time I was so turned on anything
would have felt good and this sure did.  He asked what I thought
of his fucking my ass.  I told him not to stop and began to move
back and forth so his cock slide in and out of me.

Audrey meanwhile had moved beside me and was fondling my nipples. 
After a moment she slide down to shove a couple of fingers up my
cunt.  She said she could feel Paul's prick through the walls of
my cunt.  I had never imagined being used in this way but I was
in seventh heaven with their attentions.  After being so high for
so long I couldn't believe I could get any higher but I was
enjoying myself as never before.  I groaned and urged them to
fuck me harder.  I could feel my orgasm building and begged them
not to stop.  Mercifully they let me come.  Wave after wave swept
over me.  I don't even remember Paul coming but he must have
because when I finally came to earth his cock had popped from my
ass and I could feel his juices slipping down the crack in my
ass.  Audrey continued to finger fuck me and slide under me to
lap at my cunt, diddling my clit with her tongue and bringing on
another orgasm.  She lapped up all my juices and Paul's as well
even to the point of cleaning my asshole with her tongue.  I
could barely stand.  Eventually I collapsed onto the chair and
looked around.  Audrey was licking her lips and Paul as dazed as
I was watched.

Paul finally broke the silence to tell me that he thought the
story was great and could now begin to see where some of my
sexual preferences came from.  He felt sure I had more good
stories to tell but they could wait.  Instead he reached into
Audrey's hand bag and pulled out a big plastic cock.  He handed
it to me.  It had a strap attached to its base and he told me to
stand up and put it on.  I did as he directed.  I must have
looked strange standing there with this erect cock sticking from
me as if I were a man.  Audrey giggled.  Paul told her to stand
up and bend over because it was her turn to get fucked.  She
scampered over to where I had been minutes before and bend over
the chair.  I moved over behind her.  Paul guided the tip of my
plastic cock to the entrance to her cunt and holding it in place
pushed it in.  He told me to go ahead and fuck her good while he
watched and played.  As I worked the cock back and forth with my
hips I held onto Audrey's ass with both hands.

Paul climbed between her legs and with his head resting on the
edge of the chair seat looked up into Audrey's bald cunt being
fucked by me with the dildo.  Every time I pushed the cock into
her I could feel the pressure on my own cunt.  After a few
strokes I was able to find the right angle so it stimulated my
clit as I worked it.  Audrey was moaning and telling Paul how
good his tongue felt on her clit.  Not only was he watching us
fuck at close range but he was eating her out as well.  Audrey
continued to moan and within minutes began to come.  I had lost
track of just how many times she had come that evening but she
seemed to be able to go on forever.  Paul finally told me to stop
even though I could sense my impending climax too.

Paul suggested that maybe Audrey would like to fuck me with the
cock.  I told her I'd love it and began to remove the strap
holding the plastic cock.  At least it never got soft.  Audrey
took it from and taking it to her lips licked her own juices from
the plastic phallus.  I lay on the floor at Paul's feet and
Audrey with the cock now strapped on climbed between my knees and
placed the dildo at the entrance to my love canal.  With a thrust
she was in me to the depths of the cock.  I groaned and as she
picked up the pace met her every thrust with one of my own.  I
could feel my rapidly approaching orgasm when Paul ordered her to
stop.  I groaned in disappointment.  Paul told me to roll over
and get on my hands and knees.  As I had done all evening I did
as ordered.  Audrey slipped the cock back into me this time from
behind and continued to fuck my cock hungry cunt doggy fashion. 
Paul reached under me and pinched my nipples hard.  Normally this
would have drawn a scream of protest from me but I was too far
gone.  Paul slipped his hand down to my swollen cunt and tweaked
my clit.  That was all I needed.  I went off into an orgasm as
long and body wrenching as that I had had less than half an hour
before.  It seemed like hours before I got my breath back.  All
the while Audrey kept plunging the hard prick into me and my body
responded involuntarily by meeting her ever thrust.  Ultimately I
collapsed onto the floor.  Paul took the plastic cock from Audrey
and told me to suck it clean.  Still on my hands and knees I
sucked it obscenely and in the process tasted my own juices for
the first time.

               Sue Reveals How She Lost Her Cherry

Paul suggested that I continue to tell him about me introduction
to sex by explaining to them how I had lost my virginity. 
Sitting on the floor and leaning against the chair I began. 
After my episode with Sandy, Dan and Jean I was anxious to learn
and experience more about sex.  I spent many long hours in
Sandy's room talking about sex with her.  I wanted to try a real
cock like I had seen Sandy with Dan but was worried about taking
something the size of Dan into my tender pussy.  Sandy assured me
that it might hurt initially but it was well worth it.  She
offered to persuade Dan to take my cherry.  I was still concerned
about how rough and uncontrolled men could be.  Sandy admitted
Dan could be a little rough when he was worked up but it added to
the excitement.  After a lot of further talk Sandy came up with
an idea which countered my concerns about controlling Dan.  Sandy
told me to leave it to her.  

Several weeks later  our parents were away again for the weekend. 
Sandy invited Dan over for dinner.  The three of us talked and
ate and listened to music.  Dan didn't have a clue as to what
Sandy and I had in store for him.  After the things were cleared
away from dinner Sandy suggested we play a game of strip poker. 
The loser would have to submit to wishes of the other two.  Dan's
eyes lit up and we moved into the living room to play.  Sandy is
pretty good at cards and I expect she had the cards fixed so Dan
lost.  Anyway with Dan nude and both Sandy and I partially
dressed, she told him we planned to tie him up and have our fill
of sexual pleasure with his body.  He didn't seemed to mind.  I
couldn't keep my eyes off his monstrous cock which was stiffening
even as I watched it.

Sandy lead Dan to her room and laid him down on the bed.  She
gave his cock a kiss for good measure.  She then produced some
cord from a drawer and bound his wrists to the head board of the
bed, one at each corner.  She did the same with his ankles so he
was spread eagled.  Sandy stripped off her remaining clothes
while I watched and proceeded to suck his already hard prick. 
Dan began to moan and thrash about in his bonds.  He obviously
enjoyed being tortured in this way but when Sandy withdrew
herself from him his disappointment was equally obvious.

I whispered to Sandy that he could still move too much.  She knew
what I meant and taking a long belt from her closet wrapped it
over his hips and fastened each end to the side of her bed.  Dan
could no longer move his hips or much else for that matter.  I
told Sandy I wanted him blindfolded as well and she found a scarf
to do this.  I slipped off the remaining fragments of my clothes
and climbed on top of Dan's chest facing him.  Sliding my pussy
up to his face I told him to stick out his tongue.  He knew as
soon as his tongue hit my flesh what he was to do.  Without
benefit of his hands or eyes he still was able to find his away
around my cunt with his tongue.  I had never been eaten out
before I told Paul and Audrey but like all my sexual experiences
in the previous weeks this was a newfound delight.  I could feel
my juices flowing as Dan probed me with his tongue.  I pushed
forward as far as possible so he could get into me as deeply as
imaginable.  I was reaching my climax when Sandy told me it was
now or never.

I slipped back down Dan's body and raised my hips above his rigid
cock.  Sandy held his cock and placed it at the entrance to me
virgin cunt.  I slowly and tentatively lowered my hips.  I could
feel him at the very entrance but continued to lower myself
feeling his erect tool entering me.  The feeling of his filling
me up was almost indescribable.  At the same time I felt the
first pangs of pain as he forced me open.  Sandy told me to keep
going.  I eased up off his cock a little and resumed my descent
so I impaled myself still further.  At this point the pain was
intense but Sandy had said it would be worth it.  All of a sudden
something within me gave way and all of Dan's big cock was in me. 
My cherry was gone.  The pain began to fade to be replaced by
that wonderful feeling only a woman can experience of being
filled up by a hard cock.  My natural instincts took over and my
hips began to flex so that Dan's cock slide in and out of my
cunt.  Sandy reached between us and began to tease my clit.  In
moments I went off like I had never done before.  My body would
not quit and I continued to fuck Dan as he lay helpless below me. 
I could feel him straining with his hips against the leather belt
as he tried to get his cock deeper into me.  He too began to
come.  I could feel his cock pulse as jets of cum entered me. 
Again my body convulsed with my orgasm.  I collapsed onto his
chest with his prick still in me pulsing the last of his juices
from his balls.  

I took the blind fold off him and kissed him tenderly and thanked
him for taking my virginity.  I kissed Sandy and thanked her as
well and left them for the rest of the evening.  Paul said, "Not
bad.  Now I can see where you got into bondage."  

                        The Double Header

Paul said he had other things he wanted to try out and reached in
Audrey's hand bag yet again.  This time he pulled out another
plastic cock but it was more than double the length of the other
one and had a cock head on both ends.  Audrey immediately grasped
the significance of the double headed cock and told Paul she
couldn't wait to use it.  Paul took the cock and slipped one end
of it into my cunt as far as it would go.  Paul then told Audrey
to get down on her hands and knees behind me with our asses
together.  I was beginning to get the drift.  As I looked over my
shoulder I could see him place the opposite end of the cock
against Audrey's gapping pussy.  He then told her to ease back
toward me.  As she did the cock buried itself even deeper.  Paul
then told me to rock back toward Audrey.  In so doing I drove the
plastic cock into her.  Paul guided our motions with a hand on
each of our asses.  First he would separate us until the cock
almost dropped from our cunts then pull us back together in the
process burying the prick deep in our cunts.  The sensation was
marvellous.  After a few minutes we picked up the motion unaided
and he sat back to watch stroking his stiffening prick as he did.

Audrey was beginning to moan and groan and I was not far behind. 
It was an incredible feeling being fucked and fucking at the same
time.  Every time I backed into Audrey the cock would bury itself
deep in me and I am sure into Audrey.  I could feel the lips of
her cunt on mine when our asses finally met.  On the forward
stroke the cock would almost drop from my cunt and I had to
squeeze my cunt muscles hard to hold onto it.  All these things
further heightened my desire to come.  At one point Audrey
started to come and I had to work doubly hard pumping the plastic
prick into both her and me.  My efforts were rewarded as I went
over the top as well.  Audrey and I collapsed onto the floor in a
spent heap.  Paul applauded and told us he wished he had his
Camcorder to record it all.

At this point I told them it was too bad I had lost because the
mention of the Camcorder reminded me of what I had planned for
them had I won.  Of course they wanted to know.  I explained that
I had made arrangements for Emma, my friend in the video camera
business to come over at 2:00 the next afternoon to film them in
action.  Your readers will remember that Emma had helped to film
Audrey in action during her dress rehearsal of her performance
for my guests in our previous meeting.  I had given Paul and
Audrey a copy of the tape.  Paul pondered for a minute and said
we couldn't let the opportunity go to waste that Audrey and I
could perform on tape.  Audrey thought that was great because she
was so into exhibitionism.  I wasn't sure though.

We were all pretty tired however and without further discussion
Paul suggested he and Audrey go home but I prevailed on them to
stay the night.  Wearily we all climbed into my king size bed. 
Paul was in the middle curled up on his side against my bum. 
Audrey likewise was curled up behind him.  The last thing I
remember before going to sleep was Paul's hand resting on my
breast clasping my nipple.  I was exhausted and slept like a log. 

                       Robert, The Yard Boy

When I finally awoke it was nearly ten in the morning.  Paul and
Audrey were dozing so I got up and had a quick shower and slipped
on a short little beach coat.  Paul and Audrey stirred and I
suggested they have a shower while I fixed them some breakfast. 
I could hear the shower running.  Paul came down a few minutes
later  having put on his shirt but nothing else.  I couldn't see
his manhood but it wasn't very well hidden.  It was hard to
believe that I was still interested in more sex after the
previous nights activities but I was.  When Audrey came down she
was nude.  It didn't phase her in the least.  It was a really
nice morning so I handed my beach coat to Audrey and said I would
put on my bikini.  Paul grabbed my ass on my way by him and gave
it a squeeze.  He said I looked nice just the way I was but I
told him I'd be more comfortable with something on at least for
the moment.  I slipped into my skimpiest bikini.  The top was
nothing more than two patches held together by string.  The
bottom was equally daring.  It was just as well I keep my pussy
shaved bare because it was barely covered.  The back was so
narrow it all but disappeared into the crack of my ass.  When I
reappeared in the kitchen.  Both Paul and Audrey whistled.  We
took our breakfasts out to the side of the pool and ate and
talked.

At one point Paul excused himself to go us the washroom and while
he was absent I could hear a lawn mower start up in the front
yard.  I had forgotten that the fifteen year old kid who cuts my
lawn was due to show up.  I explained what was going on and
Audrey and I moved back into the kitchen where it was quieter to
finish our breakfast.  Paul rejoined us there.  As we finished
our coffee Robert moved into work on the back yard.  Audrey
watched as he went back and forth in his tight cutoff jeans and
tank top.  I must admit he was a good looking kid with his broad
shoulders, blonde hair and strong chin.  I told the two of them
that he was pretty shy, didn't talk much and was a little slow. 
Paul noted that Audrey was almost leering at him and he asked if
she was interested.  Audrey said of course she was.  "Any new
cock is always interesting."  I had never thought of Robert that
way but she was right he did look interesting.

Paul said he was going up to the bedroom which had a good view of
the back yard.  He suggested that Audrey and I go out in the back
yard and see what we could make develop.  Audrey dressed only in
her shorty beach coat and I in my skimpy bikini sauntered out
into the back yard with our coffees.  Robert looked up and I
introduced Audrey to him over the roar of the lawn mower.  He
continue to work while Audrey and I lounged in a couple of
chairs.  Audrey was up to her usual tricks.  The outfit barely
covered her and she intentionally was flashing shots of her tits
and ass in Robert's direction.  At first he didn't take any
notice of us but after a few minutes he must have noticed Audrey
because he began to take glances at her every few steps he took. 
He was nearly finished the lawn and it was a good thing because
he was having trouble keeping his eyes on the work.

When he finished he began to leave but I called him came over.  I
made small talk with him but he kept glancing over at Audrey who
was becoming more and more overt in her movements.  At one point
I asked if he would like something cold to drink.  When he nodded
Audrey quickly volunteered to go for it.  She stood up and with
her back to him intentionally bent over and picked up her coffee
mug.  Of course Audrey's beach coat pulled up over her ass as she
bent over and Robert's eyes bugged out at the sight of her bare
white ass exposed not more than four feet from him.  I could tell
Audrey was having a good time as she saucily strolled towards the
kitchen.  I suggested to Robert that maybe we should move into
the kitchen as it was getting hot outside in the sun.  I followed
Audrey to the house swaying my ass for his benefit as I went as
well.

Inside Audrey was leaning over the sink pouring him a glass of
water and exposing her ass yet again as she did so.  Robert came
in and took a chair at the kitchen table with his back to the
entrance to the hallway.  Our actions must have been turning him
on because his young cock was now clearly outlined in his tight
cutoffs.  Audrey leaned over the table to pass him his drink her
robe almost falling open as she did so.  Robert had to be looking
right at her big boobs.  I could see Paul peeking around the
corner watching what we were up to.  Of course Robert didn't know
he was there.

I commented on his wonderful physique and said he must have lots
of girl friends.  He mumbled, "No."  Audrey went over beside him
and began to stroke his arm and said she was surprised.  "You
must have kissed a few girls though," I said.  He was very shy
but muttered "Once."  Audrey mocked surprise. "But I'll bet he is
good." and leaned over and kissed him full on the lips.  Robert
was astonished and didn't know what to do.  He started to get up
and said he had to go but Audrey asked if he didn't like her
kiss.  He said that wasn't it and Audrey told him to kiss her
again than.  This time their kiss lasted much longer and Audrey
was probing his mouth with her tongue.  She was bent over him as
he continued to sit at the table with one hand behind his neck. 
The other slowly slide down his side and into his crotch as I
watched.  When she finally stopped she asked him if he liked
that.  He was obviously embarrassed by Audrey's familiarity with
him but nodded.  All the time his eyes were lowered and he
avoided direct eye contact with either of us. 

Audrey said he was a good kisser and she wanted more.  She now
sat on his lap and took his head in her hands and began again to
kiss him in earnest.  When they finally broke their kiss  Audrey
said she getting really hot and asked him if he minded if she
took her robe off.  Without waiting for his answer she slipped it
off and stood before him.  He was mesmerized.  I told Audrey that
I thought he liked looking at her body.  She said she was glad
but wondered if he would like to feel it.  Robert didn't move. 
Audrey took his hand and placed it on her breast.  She began to
move it around for him directing his movements.  He continued on
his own after she removed her hand.  Next she told he him to move
his hand lower.  He slide his hand down to her lower belly but
again Audrey had to show him what she wanted.  She guide his and
to her cunt and told him to stroke her down there.  She told him
to wait for a minute and she hopped up on the table.  She spread
her legs wide and told him to try again.  Without a lot of
instruction he seemed to know what to do.  His fingers were all
over her cunt.  Teasing the lips, running over her clit and
probing the depths of her pussy.  

All of a sudden Audrey hopped off the table and told Robert to
stand up.  She proceeded to take his top off and after
unfastening his pants slipped his jeans and shorts down his legs. 
His cock popped free.  It was a monster.  I couldn't believe this
fifteen year old kid had such a machine.  It seemed to be ten
inches long and so thick that Audrey couldn't get her hand around
it.  She was as equally amazed as I was.  She told Robert though
that she had to have him.  Robert was obviously a virgin and
Audrey taking control asked me to help her.  I was sure he would
rip her in half but I couldn't wait to get my hands around his
cock.  I told Robert to lie on the floor.  While Robert a few
moments ago had been shy and modest, his sexual awakening had
made him more selfish in his desire for sexual relief.  Once
introduced to the pleasures of female flesh he couldn't be
contained.  He had his hands all over my body and they felt good. 
Without untying my bikini he had slipped my top up over my boobs
and fondled them passionately.

Audrey meanwhile had knelt over him with her cunt poised over his
monster prick.  I grabbed his cock with both hands and held him
steady while she lowered herself until his cock head was nestled
against her open cunt.  She sunk lower with a moan as her cunt
swallowed half of him.  She lifted herself and this time took him
all into her on her downward stroke.  I was amazed at how her
cunt could take him and despite my concerns about his size was
determined to try this young stud out myself.  Audrey began to
move more and more rapidly up and down impaled as she was. 
Mother nature told Robert what to do and his hips moved rapidly
meeting Audrey's every move with urgency.  After only a few
moments Robert tensed and began to come.  Audrey moaned that she
could feel him filling her up and then she too went into orgasm. 
Both of them continued to move but the urgency had gone out of
their efforts.

Audrey eventually slipped forward off his cock.  His juices
flowed from her cunt. Audrey said she wouldn't be able to fuck
for a month she felt so badly stretched but all this activity had
brought my fires to a boil.  Robert was quiet and his eyes closed
but his cock had not shrunk at all.  It continued to be as hard
as when he had entered Audrey.  I grabbed his cock in both hands
and began to work him up.  Audrey's slippery juices and his cum
served to make his cock slippery.  I could feel him begin to stir
and like Audrey climbed onto this monster meant to split women. 
I was astounded at how easily I was able to take Robert.  In only
a few strokes he was deep in me.  The feeling was unbelievable. 
I felt so full.  On every down stroke I could feel the walls of
my cunt stretching to accommodate him and at the same time
pulling inward on my inner cunt lips and clit.  I knew meant I
wouldn't last long.  What was truly amazing was that Robert
despite having just filled Audrey to the brim with cum was moving
about beneath me like he had been a month without losing a load. 
I could feel the pressure mount in me and began to fuck Robert
for all I was worth.  When I came it was as if I was possessed
because I don't remember being in control of my body.  Robert too
came and every jet of his cum I could feel deep in my cunt.  Like
Audrey I too collapsed onto Robert's chest swearing I wouldn't be
able to fuck for a month.  The more I thought about this episode
later the more I knew I'd have to hire Robert for more than just
lawn mowing in the future.

Robert all of a sudden regained his composure and rolling from
beneath me gathered his clothes and slipped them on.  He mumbled
something about having to go and as if embarrassed slipped out
the back door.  Both Audrey and I now noticed Paul standing in
the hallway slipping his cock back and forth through his clenched
fist.  We both watched as he worked his cock.  All of a sudden he
cursed and jets of white cum began to shot from his cock.  The
first load hit the floor three feet away the others oozed from
his cock covering his hand and cock.  He grabbed a chair
collapsed onto it and taking a dish towel cleaned himself and the
floor.  "Not a bad show you two put on." he said.  "Imagine
seducing that poor boy that way.  Sounds just like Fanny Hill" 
He was right now that I thought of it.  It was just like an
episode from the classic.

To be continued


Sue


Dumb Wonder always enjoys comments.  Contact can be made at
dumbw@hotmail.com Those who make comments may enjoy advance
copies of this continuing saga. 




        Fun and Games - Part 4 - Sue continues the Story
                                
My name is Sue and to better understand what is to follow you
should read previous episodes of "Fun and Games" first.
                                 
                      Saturday At the Mall
                                
                                
Paul said it was time he and Audrey were getting home.  They had
to go shopping.  Saturday shopping was always special and they
couldn't miss it.  I looked at them puzzled and finally Paul
explained.  He said that each week they selected a new area of
the City and Audrey would dress in her most revealing outfit and
they would go shopping and she would tease the men by giving them
glimpses of her sexy body.  Audrey said they even had a woman
follow them one day.  I asked them if I could come and they said
sure.  It was agreed I would come down to their house in half an
hour and we would leave from there.  They gathered up their
clothes dressed and left while I contemplated what to wear.  

Eventually I selected the outfit I'd worn the first time I'd seen
Paul at their house.   I must say that with my shoulder length
curly dusty blonde hair I cut quite a figure.  The outfit
consisted of my tightest cutoff jeans.  They were cut so short
you could see the beginning of my ass.  On top I had one of those
muscle shirts which left my stomach bare and in this case barely
covered my boobs.  My tits acted like a tent so the shirt hung
from them and didn't touch my body below them.  As I moved the
bounce of my tits was obvious because I was braless.  As I looked
at myself in the mirror and turned sideways a good portion of my
breasts could be seen through the oversized armholes.  I could
almost see my nipples through my pale pink top.  In summary my
outfit showed off my ass, tits and legs to best advantage.

Just before I left for our rendezvous I phoned Emma to postpone
our filming session.  I explained that something else had come
up.  Emma said not to worry and suggested we all drop over to her
house later and take things from there.  With that last chore out
of the way I walked the short block to Audrey and Paul's house in
the bright sunshine.  

It was nearly noon when I arrived at Paul and Audrey's  and
Audrey had a few sandwiches for us to eat before we left for our
afternoon shopping adventure.  Paul was wearing a loose tank top,
loafers and fairly loose fitting jeans.  Audrey cute flimsy
blouse.  It was so thin you could see right through it.  Down the
front though were two vertical stripes of lace which served to
obscure some of her breasts and her nipples.  She had on a white
Tennis type skirt which came to her mid thigh.  It had big white
decorative buttons up the front.  On her feet she like I had
selected sandals.

We ate our lunch and discussed where we would go.  Paul suggested
a mall on the far side of the City which as it turned out was not
far from Emma's studio.  I told them that Emma had invited us
over when we had finished shopping.

As we went out to the car Audrey asked me what I thought of her
outfit.  I told her she'd get lots of stares from the men.  She
whispered that she didn't have any underwear on either.  That
didn't surprise me but I knew we were all in for an exciting
afternoon.  She asked me what I thought of Paul's.  He looked
pretty common place until Audrey told Paul to stop and she took
my hand and slide it into one of the front pockets of his jeans. 
I was amazed to find that the pocket was not there at all.  The
entire inner lining was missing and he too had left off his
underwear.  By putting my hand into his pocket I could fondle his
cock and balls.  I slipped a hand into a back pocket.  No lining
there either and I massaged the bare skin of his tight ass cheek. 
Paul told me I had better stop or we would never get shopping.

We finally got into their convertible.  Paul drove and Audrey sat
next to him and I on the passenger side.  I was not well prepared
for the wind and had to wind the window up to keep my top from
blowing up and exposing my tits.  Audrey chided me for my false
modesty.  I told her I didn't really want to get arrested before
things even got going.  I then told them about the offer Emma had
made for us to come over to here house/ studio later.  Paul said
he couldn't wait but Audrey told him to be patient besides she
said she wanted to enjoy flashing at the Mall. 

When we got to the mall Paul parked the car and we went inside. 
It was cool inside and I could see the small nubs of Audrey's
nipples harden.  I knew mine must be showing through my tin top
as well.  We strolled down the crowded mall.  Paul hung back so
he could watch the reaction we got.  I knew without looking that
we were the centre of attention for the males in the mall. 
Audrey whispered to me that she was getting turned on by watching
the crotches of the men trying to secretly watch us.  When we
stopped at some windows to look at merchandise some of the men
even stopped to watch us.

Audrey finally took me into a shoe store and selected a pair to
try on.  The young man serving us went to get a pair in her size
and Audrey said to watch him closely.  I sat beside her and when
he came back he sat on a low stool opposite Audrey to help her. 
I could see the bulge developing in his pants but when she held
out her foot for him to slip the shoe on he must have thought he
had died and gone to heaven because he was looking right up
Audrey's skirt at her bare pussy.  Audrey shifted to give him a
better view.  She then stood up and walked around and asked me
what I thought.  Playing along I said they looked nice but they
weren't really her style and suggested she try on another pair. 
The sales clerk mumbled and disappeared into the back.  He was
having trouble walking straight.  His cock needed adjusting and
when he came back he must have done so although the lump was
still clearly evident.  Audrey had unbuttoned another button on
her skirt and when she sat down to try on the next shoe the young
sales clerk had an even better view of her sex.  

I looked up and saw Paul standing behind a shoe rack watching us. 
He had his hands in his pockets and I knew what he was doing. 
Audrey said these shoes weren't right either and stood up and
announced we would look elsewhere.  The young clerk was
speechless as we walked out.  Audrey asked me if I'd liked the
way she teased the young man.  She added he is probably at the
back of the store beating off right now.  "Let's go back and
see." I suggested and we turned around.

The clerk was nowhere to be seen but Audrey lead the way to the
back of the store and the stockroom.  Sure enough there was the
young clerk with his back to us and his pants around his knees. 
It was obvious what he was doing.  Audrey motioned for me to be
quiet and she slipped up behind him.  She whispered into his ear
and reached around and began to help him stroke his cock.  I
moved around in front of him and watched.  I asked him if he
liked looking at Audrey's cunt and my tits.  His face was flushed
and he nodded.  I immediately lifted my brief top and fondled my
tits right in front of his eyes.  Audrey had by now slipped to
her knees and taken his big purple cock in her mouth and was
sucking away like there was no tomorrow.  The clerk reached over
and took one of my boobs in his hand and began to massage it.  In
a moment however he stopped and his face tensed.  I could hear
Audrey slurping away on his cock and he finally groaned and came
in her mouth.  Audrey stood up and licked her lips.  She said we
had better go so I lowered my top and we left the clerk weak
kneed but happy.  

On leaving the store Paul caught up with us.  Somehow he had
missed the episode in the stockroom but he told us we were great. 
I slipped my hand into his pocket and felt his hardened cock.  He
moaned softly and I pulled my hand away.  This whole scene was
almost unreal.  As we strolled down the mall we seemed to attract
a following.  I could see men being scolded by their wives and
tut tuts of disapproval from older women as we passed by .

                       "Ye Olde Sex Shoppe"

As we turned a corner Paul spied our next stop and with one of us
on each arm ushered us into "Ye Olde Sex Shoppe".  This place was
like no other place I had ever been into before.  It was huge. 
At the front of the store it contained mostly gag gifts and cards
of course all on a sexual theme.  As we got deeper into the store
the merchandise got more and more sexually explicit.  It was like
letting a kid loose in a candy store.  There were massage oils of
all description, adult games, vibrators, books, magazines,
dildos, and of course all sorts of sexy clothing.

Towards the back of the store was a door with a sign inviting
only the sexual adventurous to enter.  A clerk sat poised to
evict anyone he deemed unsuitable I suppose.  Audrey looked at
both of Paul and I and without a word from either of us said "Why
not?"  There was a pretty steep admission charge but Paul told us
it would be worth it.  I paid for the three of us.  The clerk
eyed us as he took my money and we passed into the forbidden land
of sex.

Inside the door a large carpeted room opened up.  It was clean
and bright.  Before us was a diagram of the display layout
showing where the various displays were.  There weren't a lot of
people but enough to let us know it was a popular spot.  On the
map we could see the floor area divided into sections each with a
theme.  There were sections labelled Lesbian, Self Pleasure, Gay,
Ass Lovers, Kinky, Bondage, Oral Enjoyment, Group Sex and
Voyeurism.

It was difficult to know where to start.  At Paul's suggestion we
agreed to go around them in order so we turned to the left to see
the entrance to the first area, Lesbian.  The first thing we all
saw once through the door was a pair of extremely realistic
female mannequins in the process of making love to each other. 
One was reclining while the other was posed as if eating her out. 
Paul said that this kind of scene turned him on.  Audrey and I
knew this but I stored his admission away for future reference. 
There were videos, books and magazines all centred around the
Lesbian love and it was all Audrey and I could do to pry Paul
away from them after we had scanned them.

The next section was Self Pleasure.  Once through the entrance to
this section it was obvious what was meant.  There sitting in two
chairs facing each other were two mannequins.  This time a lovely
nude female had her legs spread and was probing her cunt with a
dildo.  Opposite her but watching her intently was a male model
stroking his erect cock.  Audrey whispered to me that she was
into this scene.  Again I suspected as much.  All around the room
were magazines and books dealing with masturbation both male and
female.  In addition a large selection of video tapes covered one
wall.  It took us quite awhile to get through the material in
this section.  On leaving Audrey told me she her cunt was
dripping.  I knew what she meant.  So was mine.  It was a good
thing Paul's pants were loose because he probably couldn't walk
otherwise with his stiff prick. 

The next section dealt with Gay sex.  As with the other sections
ones attention was drawn on entering to the mannequins in the
centre of the room.  In this case they were both male.  One was
standing the other before him on his knees sucking his erect
cock.  My mind flashed back to a previous weekend when I had
forced Paul to suck cock and we had fucked his ass with a plastic
cock.  I looked to Paul and his hands were in his pockets playing
with himself.  Gay sex was not a taboo subject for him.  We
looked over the material here.  Both Audrey and I spent
considerable time looking at the magazine pictures of men fucking
each others mouths and assholes.  Certainly an interesting sight. 
Paul had got caught up in going over the video tape selection
coving this subject.  He was certainly interested.  We finally
moved on.

The next room contained the now familiar setup of mannequins.  In
this case a female model was kneeling on a chair with her ass
high in the air.  A nude male model stood next to her with a huge
erect cock.  He had two fingers shoved up her ass and appeared to
be probing her brown hole in preparation for his cock.  Up until
last night I had only tried anal sex once and not been impressed
but Paul's fucking of my ass had changed my mind about it.  I was
interested in exploring this subject further and flipped through
the extensive video tape collection on the subject while Audrey
and Paul looked a the magazines of men and women having their
asses fucked.  When we finally left for the next section I wasn't
sure I would be able to keep my hands out of my pants much
longer. 

I wasn't sure what we would find in the next section because
everything to this point was pretty Kinky.  Inside were two
mannequins.  On the floor on his back was a male clothed only in
a diaper.  Squatted above him was a nude woman.  She was
obviously pissing on him.  This was Kinky and not really up my
alley but as they say "Whatever turns you on."  Flipping through
the magazines though were many things which were turn ons which I
swore I'd have to try some day.  One that Audrey drew to my
attention was a magazine pictorial of a woman being eaten out by
a big dog.  That sounded interesting.  We didn't spent long in
this section before we went onto the next.

Once into the section we saw the now familiar mannequins
depicting the sections theme.  In this case a nude male mannequin
was one its hands and knees looking up at a female mannequin. 
She was dressed in a tight fitting black leather outfit which
went from her neck to mid thigh.  She wore matching tall black
leather boots which came above her knees.  The main part of her
costume had strategically cut openings for each of her breasts
her entire ass and her pussy.  All over it were silver metal
studs and buckles.  She was holding a leash which was attached to
a black studded leather collar around the neck of the male slave
at her feet.  This was obviously the bondage section.  I looked
over at Paul my sex slave of several weeks ago.  "Look familiar?"
I asked him.  He gulped and meekly replied yes.  I had certainly
enjoyed that session and I knew Paul had as well.  The walls were
covered with displays of the tools of bondage.  There were
handcuffs, collars, leather straps and even whips.  I could sense
that Paul would enjoy being forced to use some of things
displayed here.  I too could feel my juices begin to surge at
thought of using him as my sex slave yet again.

In addition there were the usual magazines books and videos
relative to the theme subject.  Audrey told me she wasn't really
into this subject but she knew Paul was.  Audrey and I finally
moved onto the next section but Paul was so interested he told us
he'd join us in a few minutes in the next section.

In the middle of the room, as we had come to expect, were two
mannequins.  In this case they were engaged in a frantic "69"
session.  Audrey and I looked over the magazines and video tape
collection but moved on to the next section before Paul had even
had a chance to join us.

When Audrey and I entered the next room the theme as usual was
readily apparent from the scene depicted by the mannequins.  In
the centre was a nude male model on his back with a woman above
him sliding up and down his hard cock.  A second woman was
squatted over his face and he was tonguing her cunt.  The two
women were facing each other and french kissing each other while
each fondled the others tits.  It must be the Group Sex section I
whispered to Audrey.  The video tapes on display and the
magazines certainly catered to the subject with explicit
pictorials and descriptions of orgies of all types.  The subject
in fact was almost a compilation of all the sexual topics covered
in the previous sections we had visited.  As we leafed through
the magazines Paul finally caught up with us.  I could tell his
cock must be bursting as I slipped up beside him and checked it
out by sliding my hand into his pocket.  Sure enough it was like
a rock and as I stroked it I could feel pre cum oozing from him. 
I didn't want to tease him too much so I smiled at him told him
to wait and withdrew my hand.  

We all moved onto the last section together.  The last section
was different from all the rest.  There were no mannequins here. 
Instead was a wall with small booths each with a curtain covering
the entrance.  Without a word we all squeezed into one booth. 
The opposite wall was glass.  A sign above the glass instructed
us to push the button on the right for a visual treat.  Audrey
did so and before us a couple magically appeared.  They proceeded
to kiss and fondle each other while undressing.  It was so life
like that at first I though it was live but after a moment
realized that it was the newest thing in 3-D television.  In a
moment they were sucking each other off and finally fucking like
there was no to-morrow in every possible way.  After they had
satisfied their lusts.  They both stood faced us and bowed to
their audience.  This whole scene looked like vintage Audrey. 
She told us both she wouldn't mind staring in the production.  We
slipped out of the booth and glanced over the usual magazine and
video tapes on display for those who enjoyed voyeurism.

I had my credit card with me and suggested that we all revisit
our favourite sections and purchase something new and exciting we
would like to try out.  Paul knew exactly what he had in mind and
set off for the Bondage section.  Audrey went looking for the
Self Pleasure section and I went to the Kinky section to pick up
a few things that had titillated my imagination.

More about what we all bought later but I can tell you the bill
was pretty horrendous but well worth it.  None of us knew at this
point what the others had bought.  With our packages in hand we
hurried off to Paul's car.  I must say we got lots of longing
gazes from the men but Audrey and I weren't interested in
audiences any more we just wanted to get onto Emma's place.   

                          Emma's Studio
 
We arrived at Emma's house in less than ten minutes.  It was in a
very nice older residential area.  I rang the door bell and a few
minutes later Emma appeared at the door.  She already had met
Audrey but I introduced Paul.  She was dressed casually in a
plain T-shirt and tight fitting jeans.  As I told previous
readers Emma is in her early twenties tall and slim.  I could
still see though that she was braless.  As she ushered into the
entrance to the house and closed the door Paul graciously thanked
her for the video she had provided of Audrey.  Emma told him she
enjoyed making it.  She told us she was in the process of
shooting a session right now but if we would like to have a drink
in the den while she worked she would be with us shortly.  She
showed us into the den and told us to help ourselves.  She
whispered to me before we left that if we were bored we might
want to look behind the curtain.  She winked at me as she said
this and I knew that it was more of a positive direction than a
casual suggestion.

Paul was already pouring drinks and the lights were turned down
low.  After a few minutes discussion of our shopping trip I
slipped over to the curtain and peaked through.  Just as I
expected, Emma had provided a little entertainment for her
waiting guests.  I was looking through a one way mirror into her
studio.

I told Paul to turn off the lights and both of them to be very
quiet.  Once the lights were off I pulled the curtains back from
what might as well have been a picture window opening up to
Emma's studio.  There was Emma among her lights and cameras.  She
was moving around the studio which was made over as a living room
with a hand held camera taping the scene before us.  There was a
woman of about forty five and a boy in his late teens with her. 
The woman had dark curly shoulder length hair.  She was wearing
nothing but a skimpy black teddy.  The size of her thighs and ass
certainly showed she was a little overweight.  The young man was
a different story.  He was tall blond, rugged looking with broad
shoulders and bulging muscles.  His muscles weren't all that was
bulging.  He was wearing only a red G-string and his hard cock
was clearly evident.  He and the woman were engaged in a heavy
kissing.  His hands were all over her body.  He was kissing her
neck and face all over.  We couldn't hear them but she was
obviously moaning.  I looked over to Audrey and Paul.  They were
mesmerized.  Audrey had her hand up under her skirt and Paul's
were in his pockets.  I noticed a switch beside the window near
Audrey and asked her what it was.  She wasn't sure but gave it a
flip and we could now hear the action in the next room.

Looking back into the room the big stud had slipped the top of
the woman's teddy down over her boobs.  They were immense and
matched her large overall size.  Despite their size they stood
amazingly erect.  He was now bend over her boobs lathering them
with his tongue as he handled them roughly.  She was encouraging
him telling him she liked rough sex.  I was amazed when in
response he took one of her nipples and twisted it between her
fingers.  She moaned appreciatively in response.  He was becoming
impatient and slipped her teddy off entirely and pushed her back
onto the couch.  The woman told him she loved a man who took
charge.  She said her husband was a wimp.  All she wanted was for
him to take her hard and rough.

All the while we could see Emma moving around with her video
camera.  At times she was almost on top of them taking close ups
of the young man in action.  I remember particularly her catching
a close up of him twisting her taut nipple between her finger
tips.  My cunt juices were really flowing and like Audrey and
Paul I was now fingering myself.  The stud in the other room told
his female partner to take off his G-string and when she did his
long fat cock flipped into her face.  She immediately took his
prick in her mouth and began to lick and suck.  He gazed down at
her and took her head in his hands to control the blow job he was
getting.  In a few minutes his hips began to move back and forth
and he began to groan.  We could all see him tense up and he
pulled his cock out of her mouth.  Just as he did he started to
come.  White jets of jism covered the woman's face as she
struggled to catch it with her tongue.  Emma had again zoomed in
for a close up of her face as the big broad worked his cock in
her fingers to get every last drop.

As his orgasm passed the kid dropped to his knees and began to
lap at the woman's big hairy cunt.  This couple didn't believe in
warming up to their sex but where hot to trot.  As he licked away
at her she told how good it felt.  She told him her husband
wouldn't eat her out and didn't like blow jobs.  In the end her
words became  more and more disjointed as her sexual temperature
rose.  She started to writhe about finally screaming that she was
coming.  The young stud never quit though and must have tongued
her to half a dozen climaxes before he came up for air.

We hadn't been able to see his cock very well until now but it
was hard as a rock again.  The woman said she needed to be fucked
good and hard.  The kid told her to get on her hands and knees. 
She flipped over on the couch so her big fat ass was towards him. 
Her legs were spread wide so we and Emma's camera could see her
big juicy open cunt.  The stud slapped her big ass a few times
for good measure and stepping up behind her drove his long cock
home in one stroke.  The woman moaned and began to buck her hips
back into him meeting ever stroke he took.  The fact he could
fuck her from behind despite her big ass was proof of how long
his cock was.  Her immense boobs hung down and slapped against
the back of the couch.  I have never heard a woman so loud making
love as this broad was.  She was telling him to fuck her harder
and fill her full of cum.  He came in a roar and she knew it but
she had yet to get her rocks of when he pulled out and collapsed
on the couch.

She cursed but without leaving her position on her hands and
knees reached between her legs and began to finger fuck her cum
covered cunt.  Because of our vantage point behind her we could
see right up her cunt as she worked away at herself.  She was
moaning loudly and incoherently now.  In moment though she began
to come and come and come.  We could see the muscles of her cunt
alternately tensing and relaxing as they squeezed her frantic
probing fingers.  Emma all the while was taping the action in
close up.  She finally calmed down and too collapsed on the
couch.  She kissed her love partner tenderly and passionately but
he was too far gone to care much.

In the end Emma put down her camera, turned off the high powered
lights offered the two of them a drink.  After they completed
their refreshments they unceremoniously got dressed.  The older
woman picked up her bag from the corner and took some money from
her purse and handed it to the young stud and he left.  The woman
talked to Emma for a few minutes then she too left.  We saw Emma
too disappear and a moment later heard her come into the room we
were in.  She was accompanied by a large male collie who she
introduced  as her obedient servant Claude.  As she took her seat
he sat quietly at her feet.

                    Performing for the Camera

She asked us what we thought.  I told her it was fantastic.  Paul
pulled his hand from his pocket and it was covered in come. 
Audrey told Emma she could see what Paul thought of it.  She said
she had fingered herself off at least twice during the
performance.  I hadn't but was ready to go.  Emma poured herself
a drink and sat down again.  She explained the little scene she
knew we had just watched.  Her business, as I knew, was to video
tape people's sexual fantasies.  In this case this woman had
always wanted to be rough fucked by a big young stud.  She had
confided this secret to her husband and he had dared her to
fulfil it.  Emma had made the arrangements for the young man we
had seen and taped and would edit the show for her use.  All very
confidential she assured us with a wink.

Emma asked us what we had been up to since she had last scene
Audrey and I.  Audrey went through in some detail the evening we
had spent with my boyfriend and another couple.  She didn't miss
a thing describing how we had all enjoyed Paul as a slave and
forcing him to "whack off"  suck cock, watch Audrey pleasure
herself for the group and final how the woman had fucked his ass
with a dildo.  Emma said that the whole thing sounded pretty
exciting.  Paul said he had really enjoyed it.  Emma asked about
this weekend though because she figured it must have been pretty
good too from what little I had told her in my phone call
earlier.  I described how we had played Trivial Pursuit and they
had ganged up on me and that Paul had won.  How Paul had had
Audrey and I finger each others cunts and each other out.  How I
had told them about my introduction to sex by my sister and how
Paul had brought me to the verge of orgasm time and time again
without letting me go over the top and finally how he had brought
me off fucking my asshole.  Audrey then went onto describe the
mornings episode with Robert and finally how we had teased the
men at the local mall and the discoveries we had made at the sex
shop there.  Emma thought this all pretty exciting.  She was
interested in what we had thought of the local sex shop which she
visited frequently for new ideas. 

Audrey jumped in to tell her what section interested her most. 
She said she was fascinated by the Self Pleasuring theme and had
picked up a few things with which to enhance the performances she
loved to give.  We all were dying to see what she had gotten and
I added that we wouldn't mind seeing her performance either. 
Emma said she would tape it for us but first wanted to know what
Paul and I had gotten.  I told her I had bought some magazines
and books from the Kinky section.  The others oohed at this and
Emma wanted to know more.  I told them some of the things looked
interesting and I wanted to study up some more.  I might even get
up the courage to try them.  I said I'd show them the books if
Paul would get them from his car.  He got up quickly and said
he'd bring Audrey's and his things in too.

Audrey refilled our glasses from the bar and Paul was back in a
flash.  My parcel wasn't very big.  Audrey's we could tell
contained clothing but Paul's was the bulkiest.  Emma demanded he
show us what he had bought.  He explained that he was really into
being a sex slave.  The weekend he had spent under my control had
been extremely exciting so when he saw the bondage section he had
to find out more.  At this he pulled out a replica of the leather
outfit worn by the woman model in the section.  He then pulled
out some handcuffs, shackles, a collar, leash and finally a long
whip from the bag.  "Not that I expect anyone to use this last
item," he said.  "Just for effect."  I told him any time he
needed a mistress I would be more than willing to put him through
his paces.  "How about later after Sue shows us what she bought?"
Emma said.

I reached into my bag from the sex store and pulled out several
magazines and a book.  The book was entitled A Woman's Guide to
Pets.  Innocent enough title until you began to explore the
chapter headings as Audrey was now doing and reading aloud. 
"Guide to Dogs as sex partners, Cats and oral sex."  I could feel
my cunt beginning to really juice up.  Emma said Claude was
interested if I was.  She was leafing through one of the
magazines of a dog getting it on with a couple of women.

Audrey was dying to show us what she had brought.  She reached
into her package and pulled out a French maid's outfit similar to
the one we had seen her perform in the last time we had gotten
together.  Included were the cap, apron stockings and even the
skimpy lace panties.  We could all imagine how she would look. 
She explained she had been taken by the outfit and frequently had
erotic fantasies in which she performed in the outfit since our
last encounter.  She said she was sure she could use it to
advantage another time.  I was dying to hear all about her
fantasies but wanted to get on with exploring Paul's sexual needs
first.

"Enough of all this.  Where is that outfit Paul so kindly bought
for me?"  I said, looking around.  Paul handed it to me.  "Before
we start,"  Emma interrupted, "I have something to show Audrey
and Sue.  You wait here Paul."  We left with Emma as Paul poured
himself another drink.  At Emma's suggestion I brought the outfit
Paul had purchased.

Claude followed obediently at Emma's heels as she lead us down
the hall and into the room which was her studio.  Along one side
of this room was the familiar couch, chairs, tables and lamps
from the sex scene we had all watched her tape half an hour
before.  The opposite wall was all mirror and I quickly realized
that it was where we had watched.  Along another wall was all of
Emma's video taping equipment and the last wall was covered in
floor to ceiling curtains.  Emma directed our attention to the
curtain and pushed a button. It slowly pulled back to reveal
another part of the studio.  It was brightly lit.  To one side
was a table usually only seen in an gynaecologists office for
examining female patients.  Part of the wall was padded and had
shackles near the floor and nearer the ceiling.  There was a rack
next to it with whips and switches.  At the other end of the
curtained off area were two padded posts which extended from
floor to the ceiling.  In a corner was a saw horse type device
and the fucking machine Emma had introduced Audrey to in our last
meeting.  Emma explained that one of her customers was into S & M
and had furnished the studio for a special taping session six
months ago and told her to keep the equipment.  Many of her
customers found it intimidating and so the curtain.  I knew what
she was thinking and said I was sure Paul would fit in well.

I suggested that she take still pictures of Paul under my
control.  These could be made to look like the real thing but
would not physically harm him.  A great idea she thought and she
went to set up her equipment.  Audrey said she would go get Paul
ready.

I took off my clothes and proceeded to put on the leather outfit. 
It was made in a series of pieces.  The top had a back and front
piece.  These were joined by laces down each side.  In this way
it could be adjusted to fit as tightly or loosely as desired.  It
also I could see would be able to fit almost any size woman. 
There were two straps to go over the shoulders and these too were
adjustable.  I mentioned the openings earlier for the breasts. 
These were covered by pointed chrome cups held in place by small
straps.  The bottom was similar in that it consisted of two
pieces, back and front, jointed by lacing at the sides.  It
extended down to just above my knees.  There was a large opening
in the front providing access to my cunt and in the and back for
my ass.  The only connection to leg portions of the outfit were
down the outer parts of the leg.  As with the top, the critical
openings were covered, in this case with leather held in place by
snaps.

All this took some time to put on but the final result was well
worth it.  I admired myself in the mirror all dressed in black
with studs and buckles as decoration.  From the side my white
flesh was visible through the lace which joined the black leather
front and back portions.  After Emma had snapped some pictures of
my outfit I removed the breast covers so my tits were free.  The
costume made my boobs stand out and my nipples were hard with
excitement.  I took the leather cover off my cunt and ass.  My
bare ass too was accentuated by the leather.  My cunt was
positively dripping.  I slid a finger down my slit and I could
feel my body shudder.  I slide a finger deep into my cunt and
slipped it back and forth.  Emma interrupted me and told me I had
better stop or I wouldn't be in any shape to deal with Paul.  I
knew she was right and withdrew my fingers from my bald pussy.  I
licked them clean and turned to see how she was coming.  She had
her equipment now set up and was ready she said.

Before we started she said I should cover up a little.  She
handed me a flimsy pink dressing gown which I put on.  It reached
to the floor but the black leather was plainly visible beneath. 
The look was exciting.  She also suggested some footwear and
handed me some tall black boots which set off the outfit well.  I
emptied the bag of the remaining things Paul had bought in the
Bondage section of the Sex shop.  I examined them and picked up
the long whip and gave it a practice crack.  The snap was loud
and sharp. It certainly was terrifying but it did add to the
scene and atmosphere.  I was ready.  Emma stuck her head out the
door and yelled to Audrey that we were ready.  Audrey appeared
and took the handcuffs from the floor where I had dumped Paul's
things.  She said she would be right back.  Another adventure was
about to begin. 

Audrey lead Paul into the studio.  His eyes were cast down and
his head lowered.  He wore only his pants.  His hands had been
handcufffed behind his back.  Audrey set the scene by telling us
he had been very bad.  That she had caught him reading dirty
magazines and playing with himself.  She had brought him to me to
be punished.  I liked this set up.  This was going to be a
pleasure I remembered thinking.  She stood him in front of me.  I
asked him if what Audrey had said was true.  He nodded ashamedly. 
I asked him if he deserved to be punished.  Again he nodded.  I
told him to say it.  He only replied, "Yes."  I told him to beg
me to punish him.  At this he burst out that he was here to be
punished as I saw fit because he was very bad.  This was what I
wanted to hear.

All through this I remember Emma was moving around us snapping
pictures.  I undid his handcuffs and I told him to take off his
clothes.  He did as he was told.  Again he stood before me but
this time nude.  His eyes never left the floor.  I walked slowly
around him.  His cock was hard.   I poked at his ass with the
hard handle end of the whip.  I rubbed his nipples roughly with
it.  I slipped the end under his balls and lifted them up.  I
could see his breathing quicken.  I had his undivided attention. 
I put the whip down and took a leather switch from the rack on
the wall.  It was easier to handle than the whip I discovered.  

Audrey sat on the couch watching all this, while Emma continued
to snap pictures.  Next I ordered Paul to get on his knees and
taking the collar he had bought I put it on him and fastened the
leash.  I told him to get down on his hands.  He did and I took
the led and lead him around the room like a dog.  I told him to
heel and when he was slow to obey I slapped his ass with the
switch.  He lurched but was quicker to obey.  I told him to sniff
my cunt like a dog.  He did so and I told him to lick my bald
cunt.  I am sure he could taste my juices because I was flowing
profusely.  I bend over and told him to put his face in my ass
and lick my asshole.  It felt wonderful but I wanted more.

I told him it was time for the real thing and lead him over to
the two padded poles I had mentioned earlier.  I took the
shackles he had bought and fixed one to each of his ankles and
wrists.  Then I used the rings on the post to fix the shackles on
his ankles to each post.  He was now spread eagled with his feet
wide apart.  Next I took his wrists and did likewise.  His arms
were now stretched out above his head.  He could move his torso
back and forth a little but he was my prisoner.  I had absolute
control.  I felt free to examine him his body anyway I liked.  I
poked at his ass and shoved the end of the switch into his
asshole.  He squirmed but didn't say a word.  His cock was really
hard.  I moved around to the front of him and rubbed my leather
covered body against his.  This he liked.  I could feel his cock
throb.  My nipples were like hard pebbles.  I played with his
cock then broke off the teasing and squeezed his balls hard.

I now went to the wall rack with the whips and switches.  He
watched as I carefully selected a long whip.  I didn't plan to
really use it on him but the effect on him was amazing.  His face
went pale and he began to moan, "No, No."  Emma continued to snap
away with her camera.  She caught some really good pictures of
Paul begging for mercy.  I gave the whip a practice crack.  The
sound was deafening.  I stepped up behind Paul and said he would
now be punished.  I could see him tense up as I raised back my
arm and let the whip snap.  I aimed to one side of him.  Emma
suggested we stage some pictures for effect.  She took out a
marker pen and between my simulated lashing of my victim stripped
his back and ass with life like red strips.  It really looked
like he had been severely whipped.  I tried the whip under hand
now bringing it up between his legs so the tip appeared to strike
his hard cock and balls.  Emma and I even went as far as taking
the tip of the lash and wrapping it around his cock and balls. 
Emma snapped a few pictures for the record of this.  If this had
been for real, Paul's pain would have been incredible.  The
simulated treatment I was giving him had my juices running down
my legs.  Emma was capturing Paul's  realistic discipline on
film.  

Emma next suggested I might like to try out the special table.  I
was a little puzzled but Emma said she would show me.  We
released Paul from his shackles and lead him to the table.  Emma
told him to get up on it and lie on his back.  She strapped his
hands down to it at his sides.  She next took his legs and placed
them in the stirrups.  These too she strapped in.  She swung the
stirrups out wide and clamped them in place.  She now pulled a
pin and the end of the table supporting his ass dropped away so
his was spread eagle and suspended.  Emma showed me how I could
move the stirrups so his legs were straightened and forced high
in the air.  Paul never murmured through all this but his rigid
cock covered in pre cum told me he was excited.  Emma took a few
pictures of Paul exposed and vulnerable.  I moved in and began to
play with his balls.  His cock twitched.  His ass cheeks were
spread wide in his position and I had another idea.  

I went over to the wall display and took a big strap on plastic
cock from the hook.  There was a jar of KY jelly on a shelf
nearby and after I had strapped the cock on I greased up the
cock.  I moved back to the table where Paul's ass was suspended
waist high.  He eyed what I was up to but didn't say a thing.  I
stepped between his spread and upraised legs and slipped the cock
between the cheeks of his ass.  It honed in right to his little
brown asshole.  There was some resistance but I leaned into him. 
Paul moaned that it was too big.  I pushed harder and his asshole
gave way and the plastic prick slipped into his ass.  Once I had
penetrated him he took the rest of its length easily.  A slight
movement of my hips and I had it in right up it's plastic balls. 
I eased the cock back almost until it fell free and leaned
forward again.  Paul's eyes were closed in concentration.  I
could tell he was enjoying the ass fucking he was getting.  I too
was enjoying what I was doing.  I could feel the pressure 
against my clit every time I pushed into his ass with the cock. 
It felt good but it wasn't enough to bring me off only frustrate
me.

I reached down and grabbed his balls and squeezed.  As soon as he
did his cock began to spasm and a jet of white cum erupted from
his cock.  Several jets landed on his chest but the force began
to diminish and after several more his cum only oozed from the
tip of his purple prick.  I reached down scooped some up and
smeared it on his face.  He lapped as much of it as he could
reach with his tongue.  I slipped the cock out his ass and
removed it from my waist.

I had thoroughly enjoyed punishing Paul but I had had enough for
now.  I loosened his bonds and he climbed down from the table. 
He kissed me and thanked me profusely.  All I wanted though was a
good fuck, I was so horny and I said as much to Emma.  She noted
that Paul was in no shape.  There was the fucking machine in the
corner that I had seen Audrey demonstrate though.  But Emma had
another thought.  Perhaps Audrey would oblige me with one of the
plastic cocks from the wall rack.  Audrey through Paul's
punishment had sat crosslegged quietly on the couch fingering her
slit.  She jumped up now though and said she would be happy too.

Emma suggested Paul clean himself off in the bathroom down the
hall.  She also suggested it might be fun if Audrey would try on
the leather outfit.  That was fine by me but I wasn't sure I
could wait.  In the end I slipped the outfit off and with my help
Audrey put it on.  As I stood there naked, Emma suggested I might
like to try out the device in the corner.  I was curious about
the saw horse type machine but didn't know what it was for.  She
offered to show me and pulled it out into the middle of the room.

"You lie on it like this." she said as she lay stomach down on
it.  She got up and I replaced her on the machine.  It was
heavily padded.  Beneath my abdomen it was broad but higher up it 
tapered to a narrow strip which slipped easily between my boobs. 
The legs of the saw horse were splayed out, padded and quite tall
so that my feet barely reached the floor.  My arms hung down on
either side of the front legs.  There was even a padded area for
head and shoulders to rest on.  It was really pretty comfortable. 
Emma scurried around and I was conscious of her fumbling with my
wrists.  I hadn't noticed the wrists and ankle straps until I
realized that she was strapping my wrists to the legs of the saw
horse.  I protested but she insisted it would be better this way.
Audrey meanwhile was busy strapping my ankles to the legs of the
saw horse.  I could move my head and torso a little but that was
all.

I could feel a cool draft on the inner part of my thighs and cunt
and began to realize how totally exposed and vulnerable I was. 
Emma was busy snapping pictures of me in my predicament.  I'll
tell you about her pictures later but the ones she took from the
back were most explicit because of my position.  Audrey meanwhile
had selected a strap on dildo and was putting it on.  It was very
realistic and huge.  I was extremely horny and didn't care how
big it was.  I needed to be fucked and hard.  I told her to hurry
up.  She asked me teasingly what I wanted.  I told her again to
hurry up and fuck me with the big cock.  She stepped in front of
me and told me to open my mouth.  I did as directed and she
guided the hard plastic cock between my lips.  Without thinking I
began to suck the cock.  In a moment she withdrew it and went
around to my ass.  I looked over my shoulder.  I could see her
taking aim with the dildo and I could feel it's tip beginning to
ease into my waiting cunt.  She slipped it home in one stroke and
began the familiar back and forth pattern.  It felt wonderful.  I
closed my eyes and concentrated on what was happening in my cunt. 
I found I could move my hips just enough to meet her every
thrust.  

All of a sudden I felt something touch my boobs.  I realized then
that the saw horse device was constructed to allow full access to
my tits.  Emma was rubbing something on my boobs.  It felt warm
and wonderful like a muscle lineament.  After covering both of my
tits she went back to taking pictures of me strapped to the saw
horse and Audrey in her leather outfit fucking me hard with the
dildo.  I closed my eyes and concentrated again on the fucking I
was getting.  A moment later however I was conscious of something
cold touching one of my tits.  I looked down as best I could and
saw that Emma's dog, Claude, was beneath me.  What I had felt was
his cold wet nose on my tit.  He began to lap at my boob with his
long wide wet tongue.  It was quite rough like sandpaper but the
sensation was unreal.  Claude's tongue was wonderful.  This was
the stuff contained in the material I had purchased at the sex
shop.  All the time my cunt was being rammed full by the monster
prick Audrey was fucking me with.  I was beginning to come. I
yelled to Audrey to pushed harder and deeper and I went over the
top.  My body and pussy spasmed on the plastic cock.  All the
while Claude lovingly licked the cream Emma had spread on my
boobs.

As I began to regain my wits I realized Paul was standing in
front of me.  His prick was swollen but not yet hard.  He took my
head in his hands and feed his cock between my lips. 
Instinctively I began to suck and tease his prick with my tongue. 
It quickly stiffened in response to the attention it was getting. 
Claude continued to work over my hardened nipples with his tongue
and Audrey continued to fuck my cunt.  Once his cock was hard
Paul pulled it free of my mouth and moved around behind me.  He
said something to Audrey and I could feel the big plastic cock
that Audrey had been working in and out of my cunt slip out of
me.  It was immediately replaced by Paul's warm throbbing prick. 
He took up right where Audrey had left off as he pounded his meat
in and out of my juice filled cunt.  Again I could feel myself
rising to another orgasm.  Paul true to his being was close
behind and we spasmed together.  His white cream flooded my
waiting pussy.  I could feel it leaking from me and down my inner
thigh.  Paul's prick softened and he slipped from me.  He
collapsed on the couch.

I was still not satiated.  Claude was still lapping at my boobs. 
Emma told Claude to "Eat her," and he left my tits.  I couldn't
see what was happening but felt his familiar cold wet nose on my
thigh.  His glorious tongue now began to lap Paul's juices from
my thighs where they were dripping and in a moment he was lapping
at my cunt.  His tongue felt wonderful.  I was rising to yet
another climax.  His tongue was both wide and rough.  It was
probing all the corners of my wide open cunt for Paul's juices. 
He was able to get it into my very cunt, something no human could
do.  When he flicked it over my clit I came with a roar.  I may
even have passed out for a moment the feeling was so intense.
After I regained my breath Emma whistled to Claude and he
obediently to her side.  I remember noting the action had had an
affect on him too for his large dog cock was distended.

Audrey came over and kissed me and began to free me.  Paul
assisted.  I was in a sense of comfortable contentment.  I
collapsed on the couch.  Emma asked what I thought of Claude's
tongue.  I told them all it was wonderful.  Emma said that Claude
had more to offer than his tongue and as she gazed at his hard
cock  we all knew what she meant.  She was as turned on and horny
as the rest of us.  Audrey suggested she show us.  Without a word
she disappeared and a moment later was back.

Emma slipped off her sandals, her jeans and T-shirt.  Emma is
tall and slim.  Her bust isn't very big but the dark hair could
not disguise the slit between her legs which left no doubt she
was a woman.  She slipped on a vest that she had retrieved from
somewhere.  It was open in the front but the back was long,
extending almost to her ass and covered in coarse fur.  Emma
dropped to her knees on the carpet not ten feet from us.  She
whistled for Claude and he bounded over to her, his hardened cock
flopping about beneath him.  He began to playfully lick her face. 
Emma reached underneath him and began to stroke his cock.

She pushed him around behind her and assumed a position on her
hands and knees.  Her legs were spread wide.  Claude immediately
knew what to do.  He placed his front paws up high on Emma's fur
covered back.  I watched in disbelief as Emma reached between her
legs and grasped Claude's long thin juice covered cock.  She
directed his prick to the entrance of her cunt.  Claude lunged
forward at first contact sinking himself deep in her.  He began
to fuck her as any man in that position would have done.  The
energy he had and the amount he could bend his back to get into
her deeper was amazing.  His hips moved rapidly.  Emma for her
part rocked back and forth meeting every stroke of his cock.  She
braced herself on one hand and reached between her legs with the
other to stroke her own clit.  In a matter of moments she was
into the throes of her orgasm.  The dog too tensed and went off
with what seemed was a groan.

Immediately afterward he slipped off her and slunk off into a
corner.  Emma after a moment got up and looking at us her cunt
still dripping their combined love juices asked us what we
thought of Claude.  I was shocked and Audrey told her it was
interesting but not for her.  Emma said we should try it sometime
and that he certainly had advantages over most men she knew.

Things went quiet until Paul finally announced we should be
getting on our way.  It was now after midnight.  We all found our
clothes and reluctantly put them on to go back to the real world. 
We all thanked her profusely as we stood at the door to leave. 
Emma promised to develop the pictures and bring them around later
in the week.  We poured into Paul's car and he drove us home
quietly.  When I got home I thanked Paul and Audrey for the
tremendous time and told them we would have to get together again
soon.  When I got inside all I remember is collapsing on my bed
and sleeping until noon the next day.

The following Wednesday I got a call from Emma to say the
pictures would be ready.  I told her to come by that evening and
we could share a drink and look at them.  She arrived about eight
and she spread them out on the table as I poured us a couple of
drinks.  The pictures were incredible.  I must say the Paul's
outfit made me look like a real "bitch" but it certainly showed
off my assets to their best.  The pictures of my disciplining
Paul were a real turn on.  I especially liked the ones of Paul
trussed on the table and me fucking his ass.  Emma also had
pictures of me on the saw horse.  They really showed how
vulnerable and wide open I was.  She had some closeups of my ass
and cunt in this position and you could see every detail of my
inner cunt.  I must have been really excited because my clit
looked to have been an inch long.  The pictures of Audrey in the
outfit were equally exciting.  The way she was fucking me with
the dildo made my cunt begin to juice up.  The shots of Claude
licking my nipples and Paul with his cock in my mouth and later
my cunt while I was tied to the saw horse only served to further
heighten my excitement.  The picture of Claude lapping Paul's cum
from my pussy was really kinky but exciting in a strange sort of
way.

Emma said she had to run and told me the pictures were for me.  I
offered to pay her but she said it had been her pleasure.  When I
talked to Audrey and Paul later I found she had left them a set
too.  Audrey said they had got so turned on that she and Paul had
one of their all night fuck sessions.  She added she was still
sore.  I could sympathize with her because I found the pictures
equally stimulating and had spent the evening stuffing my own
cunt with my assortment of plastic cocks trying to get relief.

I must get this letter off.  I promised the others I would write
this one up so here it goes.


Sue


Dumb Wonder always enjoys comments.  Contact can be made at
dumbw@hotmail.com Those who make comments may enjoy advance
copies of this continuing saga. 




          Fun & Games - Part 5 - Audrey adds her Story
                                
                          The Prologue
                                
I know your readers have seen separate E-Mails from Paul and Sue
about their sexual adventures.  Well, Paul is my horny husband
and Sue a new found sex friend.  Paul's letter dealt with our
first encounter with Sue and how we had gambled with our bodies
on a game of Trivial Pursuit and Paul and I had lost.  I loved
flaunting my body for their benefit during the game and even
purposely lost.  Sue had taken charge and ordered us to do all
sorts of sexual favours.  I had willingly been ordered to eat out
her cunt.  She had shaved all the hair from my pussy and I had
told them about me introduction to sex by some bisexual friends
while at college.  Sue had forced us into performing all sorts
oral sex and demonstrating all of our sex toys for her. I
particularly got off fingering myself to orgasm while she and
Paul watched me.

The next day we were invited to her house to help her entertain
some friends.  Paul was forced to degrade himself for all the
guests even "whacking off" for them.  He loved it.  I was dressed
up as a French maid and waited on the guests before dinner and
during the meal.  The outfit really showed off my body and they
really appreciated this.  Their attention really turned me on. 
The best part of all though was the show I put on for her guests
later.  I did a very explicit strip tease, played with my body
and fucked myself with a dildo and anal probe.  All the time Sue
had Paul tied up and afterwards she and her girlfriend fucked his
ass with the dildo.  They even made Paul suck Sue's boyfriend's
cock.  We both loved being dominated by Sue.

A month or so later we had a return engagement with Sue and we
again played Trivial Pursuit.  I am sure your readers will
remember the letter Sue wrote about this episode.  This time Paul
won and he certainly took advantage of it forcing Sue and I to
finger ourselves and eat each other out while he watched.  I
remember especially him getting Sue really high and then not
letting her go over the top.  Sue had told us about her
introduction to sex when she was caught spying on her sister and
her boyfriend making love.  She told us also how she and her
sister had visited a neighbour, watched her dirty movies and then
their neighbour stroke her cunt while they both watched.  Sue
also told us how she had lost her cherry with the help of her
sister and her boyfriend. 

The next morning we had fucked ourselves silly then Sue and I
seduced the kid who mows her lawn.  Later we had all gone to a
Mall in our most revealing outfits and Sue and I teased a shoe
salesman with flashes of our cunts and tits and then I sucked him
off.

We ended up in a fabulous sex shop and after touring their most
explicit displays we each purchased our favourite things.  Sue
took us next to her friend Emma's who had a private video tape
studio where we secretly watched her filming a big woman getting
fucked by a young stud with a huge cock.  We showed Emma what we
had bought at the sex store and while she snapped pictures Sue
had simulated whipping Paul and then fucked his ass with a dildo. 
We strapped Sue to a special saw horse device and I then fucked
her with a big plastic cock.  Emma's dog had even got into the
act lapping Paul's love juices from Sue's cunt.  Emma even had
her dog fuck her which was something I had never seen before.

The experiences contained in both these letters were almost too
much and ever since I have been looking for ways to expand my
sexual experience and pleasure.  In the weeks that followed Paul
and my visit with Sue I spent a lot of time thinking about all
the things we had done together.  Certain events stood out in my
mind.  I was especially turned on by performing as the dirty
French Maid for Sue and her guests.  I get really turned on
playing with myself and flaunting my body obscenely if I have an
audience that is turned on by such activities.  In line with this
desire, I really enjoy going out shopping and teasing the men and
I've even noticed a few women, with my body as Sue and I had done
in the Mall.  Seldom am I as bold as we were that day though. 
Dreaming about these things only served to make me incredibly
horny and because Paul was frequently away on business I spent a
lot of time fingering myself off.

I had tried to get hold of Sue for a return engagement but her
message machine told me she had gone to the west coast and
wouldn't be back for a month.  I had to content myself with other
diversions.

                         The French Maid

Your readers will remember that I had bought a French Maid's
outfit at the sex shop on my visit there with Paul and Sue.  I
had so enjoyed my performance in it that I figured it would come
in handy.

All one week while Paul was away I had plotted how I could use
it.  Paul's plane was due in just before supper on Friday so I
had lots of time to prepare.  The outfit was basically black. 
The skirt portion was very short barely covering my ass.  The top
was equally short and barely covered my big boobs.  Included with
the outfit was a little frilly white apron which really served no
useful purpose.  There was also a small cap.  Underneath I had
only the skimpiest frilly white panties you could imagine.  Of
course there were also a pair of black stockings the tops of
which were barely concealed by the skirt.  I had a black pair of
high heeled shoes to make the outfit complete.

As I looked myself over in the mirror, I realized what a tease
this outfit was.  It was a wonder my tits didn't fall out the top
it was cut so low.  When I bent over not only the tops of my
stockings showed but virtually my whole ass.  The frilly white
panties didn't do much to cover my ass either.  They practically
disappeared into the crack of my ass.

When Paul came home on Friday I greeted him at the door in it. 
He immediately fell into the role of master and servant and he
ordered me to take his bags and get him a drink in the den.  I
politely took his things and poured him his drink and brought it
into the den.  He told me to put it on the table.  I knew he was
looking at my panty covered ass as I bent over and I loved it. 
When I stood up and looked around to him for further instructions
I could tell he was turned on by the bulge in his pants.  He
reached over and took his drink while I stood in front of him. 
He was ogling me, gazing at my tits and legs.

In my politest voice, I asked if there was anything else I could
do for him, I even suggested he might be more comfortable after
his long trip in his housecoat.  He agreed that that was a good
idea and asked me to act as his valet.  I lead the way up the
stairs to our bedroom where I had laid out his housecoat.  He
asked me to help him change.  My hands trembled as I undressed
him, trying all the time to be proper.  It wasn't easy not
running my hands over his strong arms or broad hairy chest.  When
I slipped his shorts down his cock jumped into my face.  It was
long hard and ready for action and it was all I could do not to
take it in my mouth.  I helped him on with his housecoat though. 
As I passed him to leave the room he reached out and pinched my
ass.  I looked around and gave him a scolding look all as part of
our charade.

He followed me downstairs to the den and I refilled his drink for
him.  When I brought it to him he took it and pulled me to him so
I plopped down in his lap.  My almost bare ass and thighs pressed
into his crotch.  I could feel his erect cock pressing into me. 
I started to get up but he pulled me back down and kissed me
hard.  His hands were all over me.  I struggled and protested but
he told me I was there to do his bidding.  I liked this.  I was
getting pretty hot and bothered.  I could feel my love juices
beginning to flow.  He had his hand between my thighs and was
groping at my pussy.  I spread my legs wide to give him access. 
His cock was really pressing into my ass now and I shifted a
little.  It was now free of his house coat and he had slipped up
between my thighs to the gate of my cunt.  He was obviously ready
to fuck me but with a great deal of self control, I told him
supper was ready and we had to eat.  "All right," he said, "but
only if you remove these bothersome panties."  I stood up and
slowly slide them off over my stockings, flipped them to him and
scampered into the kitchen.

I removed our dinner from the oven and took it into the dining
room were he was now sitting.  I served him his.  All the while
he had his fingers up my juicy cunt.  It was all I could do to
keep from coming then and there.  I slipped away from him finally
and he licked his cunt juice covered fingers commenting how good
I tasted.  We ate our dinner quietly.  There was a lot of sexual
tension though.  I couldn't wait to get back to his cock.  I
caught him several time with his hand in his lap obviously
fondling his cock and I must admit I too diddled my clit several
times but managed to stop myself when he looked up.

We finally finished our meal and as I cleared away the plates he
asked me to bring him a Drambuie in the den.  I poured his
liqueur and carried it into the den on a tray.  He took the drink
from the tray and I purposely turned my back to him and slowly
placed the tray on a low table.  In so doing I knew he was
getting a great look at my ass and the pouting swollen lips of my
cunt between my thighs.  I know he likes to look at me in this
position and I love to turn him on this way too.  Sure enough he
told me to hold the position and I reached down and braced myself
with my arms outstretched.  I spread my legs apart so he had an
even better view.  I trembled in anticipation as he ran his hands
up over my stockings to my bare soft inner thighs next to my bald
cunt.  He slipped two fingers into me and began to finger fuck
me.  My juices were really flowing by now.  It felt wonderful but
all of a sudden he pulled his fingers out.  I protested but
immediately he slipped his big hard cock where his fingers had
just been.  I rocked back and forth as he guided me by holding my
hips.  I could feel his balls slapping against my inner thighs. 
I was in heaven.  I could feel him tensing already about to
unload into me so to hurry my orgasm along I reached between my
thighs and ran a finger over my clit.  I went off with a groan
just as Paul began to buck in climax.  As his cock began to
shrink he collapsed back onto the couch and I slumped beside him
his juices oozing from me and down my leg.

He told me I was a wonder and that he really loved my outfit.  I
told him I had loved the scene I had done for Sue and her guests
and when I saw the outfit in the sex shop I had had to have it. 
Paul suggested we watch the video that Sue had had made of my
performance as a French Maid who was into self abuse.  We hadn't
watched it in some time but each time we do it ends up in a wild
fuck session we get so turned on.  I slipped it into the VCR and
sat back down next to Paul to watch myself doing all sorts of
obscene things for the camera.  True to form Paul's cock began to
swell again and that familiar itch between my legs returned.  I
casually stroked Paul's prick as we watched me on the screen
flashing my sex, fondling myself, fingering my cunt, using a
dildo and finally fucking myself to orgasm with both a plastic
cock and anal penetrator.

When the video ended Paul looked at me and commented how much it
turned him on.  I told him he wasn't the only one that was turned
on but that the real thrill for me was giving the show.  Paul
said he had something for me and went to our room returning a
moment later with something from his suitcase.  He reached into
the bag and pulled out a plastic dildo.  This was unlike anything
I had seen before though.  Not only was it fat and long but it
had large balls hanging beneath it.  Paul handed it to me.  As I
looked over its heavily veined length, Paul told me to twist the
switch at its base.  I did so and it sprung to life, vibrating
and twisting in my hand.  Paul also told me it had a special
little surprise he'd show me.  Paul told me to lie back on the
big arm chair. He took each of my legs and placed it over one of
the arms so my bald cunt was wide open to his view.  He slide the
dildo up and down my outer cunt lips covering it in my juices as
he did and stimulating my clit.  He then eased it into me.  It
felt enormous but I needed more and told him to push it home. 
Once fully into my cunt he flipped the switch and it began to
fuck me almost by itself.  In no time at all I could feel yet
another orgasm approaching.  I yelled out that I was coming. 
Just as my cunt squeezed the artificial prick I became aware that
it too was coming in me.  Paul was squeezing its balls and it too
was truly coming in my cunt filling me with thick white fuck
juice.

It took me quite awhile to regain my breath but when I did I saw
that Paul was hard again.  I dropped to my knees on the floor in
front of him and took his big cock between my lips.  He placed
each of his hands over my ears and directed my head as he fucked
my mouth.  With my each forward move his cock filled my mouth and
slipped partially down my throat.  Every time I pulled back I
teased the lower part of his cock right to its very tip with my
tongue.  He was moaning in no time telling me he would fill me
with cum till it came out my ears.  Sure enough he tensed and I
worked my tongue up and down his swollen prick as quickly as I
could.  I could feel he was about to come and prepared to accept
his love juices.  When he came, he filled my mouth but I couldn't
hold all of his cum.  I swallowed as much as I could but some of
it escaped and ran down my chin.  I continued to suck noisily the
last drops from his cock until he pushed me away and collapsed on
the couch.  When he slipped from my lips, I licked what cum I
could reach with my tongue from my lips and face.  I snuggled up
next to him on the couch.  Both of us were satisfied at least for
the moment.

We talked about the sex we had just had.  Paul commented about
how I loved to show off my bawd and get him all hot and bothered. 
He was certainly right on with that observation.  Somehow the
conversation got around to his regular Saturday night poker party
that he was to host the next night.  He suggested that I might
like to wear my French Maid outfit and tease the guys while
serving drinks to them.  That really sounded interesting to me. 
I told him I was sure I could take their minds off the game and
cause some hard lumps in their pants.  He knew exactly what I
meant and thought that would be appreciated.  I had met his poker
buddies before but only briefly.  Some of them are a little on
the conservative side so I'd have to be careful not to scare them
off.  I said I'd try not too.


                          The Poker Game

All day Saturday I thought about what I might do to show off for
my husband's friends.  After supper I took a quick shower and put
on my outfit.  As I primped myself in the mirror I had to admit
this outfit really was revealing.  Finally at 8:00 o'clock the
guys arrived.  Paul had arranged them all at the card table and
said he had a special surprise for them.  That was my cue.  I
came into the room.  All eyes were on me.  Paul introduced me as
his help for the evening.  John was short solid and muscular.  He
had blond curly hair and a really cute smile.  He was wearing
tight jeans and open neck shirt.  Kirk was tall and thin.  His
complexion was dark and his hair was black and curly.  He had
that southern European look.  He too had jeans but he was wearing
a T-shirt.  Jim had light brown hair and was a little on the
plump side.  He had on tight fitting jeans and a turtle neck
sweater.  All three guys like Paul were in their early twenties.

I suggested they might like to have drinks while they played and
took their orders and retreated to the kitchen to get their
beers.  My high heel shoes and stockings really emphasized my
long legs and ass.  I wiggled my bum as I walked back to the
kitchen.  All eyes were on me.  I loved it.  I poured each of
them their drinks and got out a large bowl of chips and another
for peanuts.  When I came back into the living room they were
well into their card game.  My entrance stopped the game and I
handed around they drinks.  Each time I bent over I thought my
big boobs would burst free but they didn't.  They had a fine view
though of most of my tits.  I even caught Jim eyeing my ass as I
went round the table.  I hadn't bent over very far though but I
am sure he could see the tops of my stockings.  I went back to
the kitchen and prepared some trays of food for the men as they
picked up on their game.  

Paul told me later that I had caused quite a stir and that he
couldn't wait to see what I would do next.  I returned to the
room with more beer for the guys they were really into the game
and at first didn't notice me.  Again I went the rounds with the
drinks and munchies.  At one point in offering Jim his drink I
stuck my ass right in Paul's face.  The rest of them laughed when
he grabbed my ass.  I stood up and gave him a stern "Don't you
dare!" look and for the moment things went no further.  After a
few more beers the talk from the poker players was getting louder
and the trips to the can for a leak more frequent.  I was getting
really horny but didn't want to push things too fast.  I could
tell the guys were turned on though by the lumps in their pants.

Paul came into the kitchen as I was bent over working on another
tray and he snuggled up behind me to so his crotch was tight
against my ass.  I could feel the lump in his pants and rubbed my
ass back and forth over it.  He slipped his hands over my boobs
and down over my outfit to massage my cunt through my frilly
white panties.  He reached under my panties and slipped a finger
into my juicy cunt.  He withdrew his fingers and licked my juices
from his finger.  I wanted to take my panties off and really give
them a show and with his endorsement I did just that.  Teasing
the guys with my body really was turning me on and I wanted more. 
He warned me that he might not be able to control them for long. 
I was prepared to take them all on at once but he suggested we
save that for another time.

I followed him back to the card game with the tray I had been
preparing very conscious of the fact that I was now pantyless.  I
passed the tray around to the guys individually.  As I bent over
to serve Jim my short skirt road up my ass to the point where I
was sure Kirk sitting beside him could see the beginnings of my
hairless cunt.  When I served the tray for Kirk, my backside was
to Paul and as I bent over I felt his hand on my inner thigh from
behind.  I immediately stood up and putting the tray down swept
his hand away.  As I left the room I could hear a loud wolf
whistle.  In response I flipped my skirt up so they could all see
my bare backside and wiggled my ass.

I was busy in the kitchen and nothing much happened for awhile. 
There seemed to be steady parade of the guys back and forth to
the bathroom.  They weren't even closing the door as they used
the can and I could clearly hear each of them taking a piss.  At
one point I got curious and casually wondered by the bathroom
door.  It was John's turn and he was loudly pissing in the toilet
as I walked by.  My God he had a monstrous cock.  He saw me and I
told him that I liked his equipment.  The feeling was mutual he
said as he quickly covered up.

A moment later Paul appeared in the kitchen.  He told me the guys
needed more beer.  Another chance to expose myself I thought.  I
gathered their beers on a tray and went into the room where they
were playing cards.  As I passed the beers out I took special
care to bend well over so that me bare ass was fully visible to
each and every one as I served the others.  I could feel their
eyes practically burning into my cunt.  When it was Paul's turn
for a good close look he grabbed me about the waist and pulled
down so I was seated in his lap.  He whispered in my ear he was
going to offer the game winner a blow job from me.  I squirmed my
bare ass on his hardened prick and said out loud that "I'd love
to".  He then announced to the others that they would play poker
for another half hour and then the winner would receive a very
special prize.  I grabbed the tray and retreated to the kitchen
to see who the winner would be.  The anticipation was driving me
crazy.  

Finally I could stand it no longer and I went back into the
living room and sat on a chair to watch.  It was a really tight
game.  Jim and Paul didn't really have a chance but they were
down to the last hand and the winner would get his special prize
although they didn't know what it was.  There was plenty of
tension.  They had drawn their last cards and John announced with
a smile that he had two pairs.  Kirk only grinned back and told
him not to be so sure of himself because he had a three of a
kind.

As Kirk gathered in the chips that made him the obvious winner he
looked to Paul and asked what the special prize was.  Paul looked
at me.  I smiled and stood up and walked over to Kirk.  I took
his hand and lead him over to the couch.  I could see that his
prick was causing a big bulge in his jeans.  This was going to be
a pleasure.  I stood him in front of the couch and gave him a
long sensuous kiss.  I then ran my hands down over his taut chest
till I reached his belt.  I undid his belt and eased his pants
over his ass until they fell to the floor.  He was wearing red
bikini underwear.  I fondled his cock and balls through his
bikini then slipped these off him too.  I pushed him down on the
couch so he sitting on the edge.  I got to my knees between his
legs and slowly blew on his cock.  His cock was long and thin
just like he was.  At the base was a dense growth of dark curly
hair and his two big ball hung low below his prick.  I fondled
his balls with my hands and began to lick his cock from top to
bottom and back up again.  He was groaning about how good it
felt. I could see out of the corner of my eye that the others had
turned their chairs around and were watching earnestly what we
were up to.

I was virtually on my hands and knees working on Kirk's cock.  In
this position me ass stuck out and of course my skirt covered
very little.  I wanted the others to enjoy this as much as I was
so I spread my knees well apart knowing that my bald cunt would
be on display.  Paul, anxious to show the others my assets,
flipped my skirt up so my whole ass was now exposed.  I continued
to work on Kirk's prick taking the tip in my mouth and working my
tongue up and down the sensitive underside.  By now he had
started to pump his cock in and out of my mouth.  I tried deep
throating him but he was too long.  I took as much as I could and
in a matter of minutes I could feel his cock begin to throb.  I
knew he was on the verge of coming and I was feeling the need
myself.  I reached between my legs and began to rub my clit. 
Just as Kirk began to fill my mouth I came.  It was a wonder I
didn't drown he came so much.  I swallowed as much as I could but
it still spilled from my mouth and down my chin.  I could feel my
own juices dripping down my thighs.

I stood up.  Jim seemed very embarrassed by it all and mumbled
something about having to go.  From the bulge in his pants it was
obvious though he was really turned on by my show.  John must
have come in his pants.  I could see a large wet spot on the
front of his jeans.  The bulge in Paul's pants told me his was
ready to unload.  With Jim's announcement that he had to go the
others meekly followed and Paul and I were alone in a matter of
minutes.

When they had left Paul took my hand and lead me over to the
table they had been playing cards on.  He dropped his jeans and
shorts and bent me over the table so my ass was to him.  Without
as much as a word or any foreplay he drove his prick into my
sopping cunt.  I am sure the scene would have made a good
pictorial for your magazine.  There I was in my French maid
outfit my skirt flipped up and him with his jeans around his
ankles fucking me, but good, doggy style.  My boobs were being
forced down onto the table top.  The cards and poker chips were
spread all over the table.  Paul must have been really hot
because it only took him thirty seconds till he filled my waiting
cunt with his load.  There wasn't much relief for me but he was
satisfied and I had already had my pleasure.  Without cleaning up
at all we went to bed and I slept soundly.   

         Kim Discovers What Makes Her Husband a Sex Fiend
  
The following Monday afternoon I got a phone call from Jim's wife
Kim wondering if she could come over and talk with me.  I said
sure and she arrived half an hour later.  She was gorgeous with
long straight blonde hair, a slim waist, tight ass and long legs. 
She was wearing a pale green pant suit with a white blouse.  I
offered her a glass of white wine and we settled down in the
living room with the bottle to talk. She explained that she knew
Jim had been at our place on Saturday playing cards with Paul,
John and Kirk.  She wanted to know what had happened.  I asked
her why.  She blushed, gulped down the rest of her wine and said
she was somewhat embarrassed to talk about it but had to find out
what had happened.

It seems that their sex life had not been terribly exciting. 
They were both virgins when they married a few years before. Sex
for her had degenerated to him arousing her with his fingers
while she was practically asleep on weekend mornings.  Once he
had brought her off manually he would climb on top and pump his
load into her in a matter of minutes.  Sex had become predicable 
and I could tell boring which was a real shame.  She was a real
beauty and I am sure many a man and woman for that matter had
dreamed of wonderful sex with her.

It seems though that on Saturday night when Jim got home from the
poker game he had practically raped her.  Their love had been
frantic and passionate.  He had even eaten her cunt out something
he had ever done before.  He had continued until she could take
the orgasms no more and had begged for him to stop.  In short she
wanted to know what had happened to change his sexual passions so
wonderfully.   I said I'd show her.  I poured her another glass
of wine and told her I'd be back in a minute.  I went and changed
into my French Maid outfit and returned in a few minutes to the
den.  I picked up eats on my way past the kitchen I had thrown
together when she had called and prepared to play the role I had
with the guys the Saturday before.  She was sipping her wine and
flipping through a magazine.  When I came into the room she
immediately put the magazine down.  I came over to her and
bending low politely offered her something from the tray.  She
couldn't help but see that my big boobs were trying to free
themselves from my clothing.  She didn't say a word.  I turned
and bending over, casually placed the tray on the coffee table. 
I could feel my skirt ride up over my ass.  This time she had to
look at my frilly white panties which barely covered my ass.

"What do you think?" I asked.  She simply nodded and said she was
beginning to understand why Jim had come home so horny.  "That's
not all." I explained.  " I'll be right back."  I took the tray
and left the room.  In the kitchen I removed my panties.  I
returned to the den and repeated the show, offering her something
more from the tray.  Again I placed the tray on the low table and
in doing so bent low so that most of my ass was clearly visible. 
I heard her gasp.  When I stood up and looked at her she was
blushing and gulping down her glass of wine.  I asked her what
was the matter and she blurted out that I didn't have any panties
on.  "I know," I responded, "and that's the way I like it."

I went on to tell her how excited I get flashing my body for
people and especially how turned on I can get if it turns them on
too.  I was really turned on Saturday night because I knew the
guys were enjoying my show.  In the end I told her I gave Kirk a
blow job as a prize for winning the poker game.  The others got a
fine view of my ass and pussy as I sucked Kirk's cock.  "Do you
want to see what they saw?" I asked and without waiting got down
on my hands and knees flipped up the skirt portion of my outfit
so my ass was bare and shifted my knees apart.  She had to look
straight at my ass and pussy.  I then reached between my legs and
slowly stroked my cunt.  It felt really terrific doing this while
Kim was watching but I wasn't sure how she would react so I
stopped after a moment and stood up.  "I expect that was why Jim
was so horny when he got home," I told Kim.

She was blushing but didn't make a move to leave.  She seemed
interested so I continued to tell her that I too had been very
conservative about sex but had always had this fantasy about
flashing.  I was too inhibited to try it and for a long time had
only dreamed about doing it.  I then told Kim that both Paul and
I had been involved in a game of strip Trivial Pursuit with our
neighbour Sue.  I didn't go into details only told her she had
helped both Paul and I fulfil our sexual fantasies.  

I asked Kim if she had any sexual fantasies.  Kim emphatically
said no, but I didn't really believe her.  I offered her yet
another glass of wine.  As we sat and sipped the wine she could
see why Jim had come home on Saturday so worked up.  He was
really into reading sex, looking at dirty pictures and XXX rated
videos.  They had watched a few together and while she was mildly
interested it didn't turn her on as much as it did him.  They
were too artificial she said but they did get him all fired up
and that lead to some real excitement.  I knew what she meant.

I suggested she might like to borrow my outfit and put on a show
for her husband.  She jumped at this idea and I began to take it
off right in front of her.  My high heels obviously wouldn't fit
her but she said she had her own.  I gave her the small cap and
unfastened the apron.  Next I slipped off the stockings and
handed them to her.  I undid the zipper at the back of the outfit
and slipped the it from my shoulders and handed it to her as
well.  I was now totally nude but did nothing to protect my
modesty as I stood before her.

I told her to try it on and she stood up and I took her clothes
from her as she began to undress.  Kim is a real beauty and I
couldn't help but admire her gorgeous smooth white flesh as she
slipped out of her blouse and pant suit.  Standing before me in
her white panties and lacy bra she was really sexy.  She
nervously undid her bra and her firm tight breasts were exposed. 
She told me she wasn't used to undressing before others and was a
little unsure.  I could tell she was and reassured her not to
worry.  She slipped her fingers under the waist band of her
panties and eased them off.  I retrieved the frilly skimpy
panties that went with the outfit and she put them on.  She put
on the main part of the outfit and I zipped it up for her. 
Because the material was stretchy it clung to her, despite her
slim figure.  She sat down and pulled on the stockings then stood
up and put on the cap and apron.  She was a sight to behold.  I
am sure any man would have trouble keeping his eyes off her.  I
knew I did.  She looked around for a mirror to see herself in and
I directed her to the hall.  She was really pleased with what she
saw and I was too.  I told her to turn with her back to the
mirror and bend over so she could see herself from behind.  She
did and she told me Jim would really like her like this.  I knew
he would.

It was getting late and she said she had to go.  Before she went
however I told her she had to come back tomorrow and tell me all
the juicy details of her evening with Jim.  "If he gets bored let
him look at this," and I handed her a video tape.  She wanted to
know what it was but I told her to wait and see.  Kim redressed
and I put on a house coat to show her to the door.  As she was
leaving she commented on the fact that I shaved.  That was
another story I told her.  "We'll explore that one tomorrow." and
she left.

I was really horny by now and would have raped the nearest man in
sight.  Paul was away on business so I resorted to the next best
thing my new vibrator/ dildo that Paul had brought me.  It gave
me relief at least temporarily.  I began to dream of how I could
turn this developing situation to our mutual advantage.  I
couldn't wait to here from Kim though on what I was sure would
turn into fantastic adventure in sex for Kim and Jim.

              Kim Reports on Her Reawakened Sex Life

The next day I waited anxiously for Kim's call.  It was after
eleven before she phoned.  She apologised for the delay but told
me she had only just woken up.  I was dying to hear how things
had gone but she told me she would tell me when she came over
about two.

Promptly at two the door bell rung and Kim was there.  I ushered
her in and begged her to tell me what had happened.  "How about a
glass of wine to fortify me?" she said.  I quickly poured us each
a large goblet of wine and settled on the couch opposite her to
hear her story.

When she got home Kim said she had a quick shower and put on the
French Maid's outfit I had loaned her.  She felt particularly
daring as she looked in the mirror and was a little nervous she
told me but at the same time remembered how Jim had reacted to
seeing me the previous Saturday.  Knowing his reaction to my
exhibitionist display encouraged her to go through with her show
for him.  When he got home she greeted him at the door.  At first
he was taken aback but he quickly got into the role play.  She
ushered him into the living room and asked if he would like a pre
dinner drink.  She went to get it and when she returned he had
removed his shoes, tie and jacket and loosened his collar.  She
did much as I had for her that afternoon she said.  In bending
low with the tray he looked right down the cleavage between her
braless breasts.  At this point she commented on how she had
never gone braless before but how good that it felt.  Next she
told me she put down the tray on the low coffee table.  This time
Jim had to look at top of her stockings and the skimpy frilly
white panties I had loaned her.  When she turned she realized her
performance was having the desired affect because he had a
distinctive lump in his pants.

She had finished her goblet of wine by this point and I refilled
it.  She took a sip and continued with her story.  She did as I
had done for her and left the room removed her skimpy panties and
returned to the living room with a tray of munchies.  She offered
these to Jim and then turned and placed the tray on their coffee
table.  She knew Jim would be watching her ass as she told me she
purposely paused so he could have a good look at her bare ass and
get a peek at her pussy.  When she turned around he grabbed her
and pulled her down to him.  He kissed her wildly his tongue
probing her mouth sensuously.  His hands were all over her she
told me.  The fact the she didn't have any panties on gave him
easy access to her pussy and he finger fucked her as they kissed. 
Jim's cock was hard as a rock she said and she had freed it from
his pants and massaged it furiously.  He told her to get up and
he had moved to a lounge stool and slipping his pants off sat
down.  He grabbed her again and directing her she had straddled
his legs sitting on his lap facing him.  Grabbing her by the
waist he had lifted her up and lowered her onto his hard cock. 
Kim told me she had never fucked in anything but the conventional
manner before and this new way thrilled her.  Jim directed the
action and she told me she got hotter and hotter until she
climaxed time and time again.  Jim came too and poured his frothy
cum into her.  In the end she got off him excused herself and
went to finishing preparing their meal.

She served their meal in the dining room and Jim asked her about
her outfit.  She could tell he was really excited by it and she
related to him her visit with me.  After finishing desert and
clearing the dishes away, Jim had ordered her to his side of the
table.  He lifted her up onto the table so she was sitting on it
facing him her legs hanging over the edge.  Without a word to her
he had pushed her legs wide apart and taking the rim of the short
skirt lifted it so he was gazing right at her pussy.  He asked
her to hold her skirt up and he began to run his fingers over her
pussy.  She told me she loved the attention and it felt good.  He
slipped a finger into her and withdrew it covered in his cum and
her juices.   He sucked them off and inserted his finger into her
again.  This time he lifted his finger to her lips and she took
it between her lips.  Kim told me she had never tasted male cum
before or female juices either.  While her reaction normally
would have been distaste for such an act, she was so turned on
she relished it.  In fact she told me they didn't taste bad.  Jim
then lowered his head to her cunt and began to eat her out.  She
had had lean back on her hands to support herself and she relaxed
and enjoyed what Jim was doing to her.  Up until the previous
Saturday she had never had oral sex before and she was quite
enjoying this new found thrill.  She told me she came in waves
yet again and Jim stood up and slipped his cock in her yet again. 
She didn't move and he took her cunt resting on the edge of their
dining room table.  Again he filled her with his juices.

Afterwards they did the dishes.  He had not bothered to put his
pants and underwear on after their last fuck so he only had a
dress shirt on.  Kim confided that it was exciting to see him
parading around his ass and cock barely covered.  Of course  she
wasn't much better being pantyless and her outfit barely covering
her ass too.

She had told him that I had sent over another surprise for them
and she took him into their den to show him my video.  She had no
idea what it contained.  As Kim had told me Jim is a voyeur and
he told her he expected the video would be really special.  Just
how special they soon found out.  Kim told me she doesn't really
get off on XXX rated material because it is so artificial but
seeing someone she knew doing it excited her.  Jim, she said was
beside himself.  He stroked his cock through it all so that by
the end Kim told me she thought he would come on the spot.  When
it was over she did something she told me she had never done
before.  She dropped to her knees in front of Jim and licked and
sucked his cock.  In moments he came in her mouth and to her
surprise she swallowed his third load of the evening.  It wasn't
bad she admitted to me, in fact she rather liked it.

                      Kim Gets A Close Shave

I asked her what Jim had liked most.  She told me he really got
off on watching her display her body for him.  He loved the tape
I had sent along and was fascinated by my hairless cunt.  I told
her how Sue had introduced me to shaving my pussy and that it not
only drove the men wild but also enhanced the sensitive of my
cunt especially when someone was eating me out.  Sue had even
enjoyed tonguing my pussy.  Kim seemed a little shocked at this. 
"Would you like me to shave you?" I offered.  She lowered her
eyes to avoid mine and mumbled "Yes."  I told her that I would be
glad too and ushered her off to our bathroom.  When we got there
I suggested a bath first to get her all soft and warm first.

Readers of Paul's letter will know that we have a special bath
tub.  It is wider than normal and the fixtures are on the side so
two people, one at each end, can use it at the same time.  I
started the water and quickly slipped out of my clothes.  Then I
helped Kim out of her clothes.  I paused when she was down to her
frilly white underwear and lacy bra.  She was really a beauty
although a little nervous about undressing in this way.  I told
her not to worry and reaching behind her undid her bra.  Her tits
sprung free.  They weren't big but still nice and firm with no
sign of drooping.  Her waist was slim and I slipped my fingers
into the waist band of her panties to slip them off her.  Once
past her hips her delicious pussy came into view.  It was covered
in soft curly blonde hair.  I stood back to admire her.

I added some bath oil to the steaming tub and we climbed in, Kim
at one end and I at the other.  As we sat and luxuriated with our
wine Kim asked me to tell her more about Paul and my adventure
with Sue.  I went over the story in some detail.  Telling it to
her made me horny and she seemed particularly interested in the
parts where Sue had made me kiss, massage her and eat out her
cunt.  As I went on with the story I unconsciously began to
stroke the soft skin around my hairless cunt.  As I told Kim I am
really sensitive there since I started to shave and without
realizing it I was getting really turned on.  By the time I got
to part where I performed for Sue and her guests I was really
stroking my cunt.  KIm was watching me anxiously and I stopped
talking and concentrated on stroking my hardened clit.  In a
moment I went over the top.  It felt so good.  I don't know
whether it was the story or watching me but Kim was stroking
herself too.  By the time I came she was caught up in her own
pleasure and too came, arching her cunt out of the water in her
climax.  I would have loved to reach over and stroke her but I
was afraid it might scare her off.  I was sure there was a way I
could find a way to involve her in my sex life.  

When she came back to her senses she was embarrassed and
apologised profusely, telling me she was so turned on by the
story and watching me that she just had to do as I had.  She said
she had never done it except in private before and was truly 
embarrassed. She begged me not to tell a soul.

We climbed out of the tub and as the water drained away we dried
ourselves off and I prepared to shave her pussy.  I told her to
sit on the bathroom counter and I sat on the toilet.  My eyes
were level with her cunt.  I gently parted her knees and told her
to hold them as far apart as possible.  She was a real sight.  I
am sure any normal man would have gone nuts.  I was finding
myself turned on again looking at her exposed in this way.  Her
fine blonde pussy hair was beginning to dry.  Her cunt lips were
half open and still swollen from the pleasure she had just had. 
I took my scissors and quickly clipped as much of her pubic hair
as I could.  Next I lathered her pussy with shaving cream.  She
began to squirm and told me that I was turning her on again.  I
told her to sit tight and proceeded to gently remove the shaving
cream and with it her cunt hair as I went.  In a matter of
minutes she was as bald as I was.  I handed her a wet cloth to
clean up the remains of the shaving cream.  She hopped off the
counter and stood to admire my handiwork in the full length
bathroom mirror.

I would have liked to have eaten her out right on the spot but
the timing didn't seem right.  She told me she had to go because
her husband would be home soon and she couldn't wait till he
discovered what I had done to her.  I assured her he would love
it.  "If you really want to excite him," I told her, "Finger
yourself off while he watches.  That should really get him
charged up."  She thought the suggestion was exciting and
promised to let me know how things had gone with Jim.  I gave her
a long kiss as she left and I noted she returned my passion.

The next day I got a call from Kim.  She suggested I come over
after lunch and she would fill me in on how things had gone. 
"Bring your swim suit."  she said, "We  can sun bath as we talk." 
I could hardly wait.  I wanted to show her my most daring bikini
and slipped it into my bag so I wouldn't forget it.  I drove over
to her house after lunch.  Kim met me at the door and ushered me
into their den.  I was dying to hear how things had gone after
our last meeting.

Kim told me she had met Jim at the door when he had gotten home
with only one of his dress shirts on.  He was like an animal she
told me.  His hands and lips were all over her.  It didn't take
him long to discover that her pussy had been shaved.  He couldn't
get enough of her.  He had her lie on the couch with her legs
spread wide.  He examined her and stroked her cunt.  He finger
fucked her and brought her off with his tongue.  His cock was
like a rock, she told me and he fucked her hard and long.  She
went on to tell me that he came a total of three times in the
next hour.  At one point when he had filled her with a load of
cum she had lazily fingered her cunt while he watched and stroked
his limp juice covered cock.  By the time she had brought herself
off he was hot to fuck again.  He told her she looked great and
wanted her to keep herself hairless.  She told me she loved her
new sex starved husband. 

                      Jim's Video Collection

She said we should go out to the pool and sunbathe but at this
point the phone rang.  It was Jim and he had to go out of town
for a week.  He asked Kim to pack him a bag and he would stop by
on the way to the airport to pick it up.  She offered me a glass
of wine, told me to make myself at home and disappeared into
their bedroom.  I poked around their den.  Next to their TV was a
collection of video tapes.  I began to look at the titles.  Orgy,
Sex Fiends, Three Men and a Horny Babe.  They were all XXX rated
sex tapes.  I went into the bedroom where Kim was packing Jim's
bag asked about her tape collection.  She told me they were
Jim's.  Most weren't very exciting she said but a couple were
pretty good.  I asked her which ones were good and could I look
at some.  She told me to go ahead and suggested Every Woman has a
Fantasy.  I refilled my wine glass and returned to the den, found
the tape and started it up. 

I must tell you about the show because it figures in many of the
things I have yet to relate.  It opens with this guy in bed with
his wife.  He is questioning her about her day.  She tells him
she was with her girlfriends and he keeps pestering her for
details.  She tells him she is pledged to secrecy about what they
talked about.  He continue to pressure he and she finally relents
and tells him they tell each other their sexual fantasies.  Of
course he wants to know more and she tells them about one friend
who ties up her nude husband in a chair, fingers herself in front
of him and then fucks him, all while he is tied up.  Another
friend talks about how she dreams of luring the delivery boy into
her house and after flashing her body at him she too fingers
herself while he strokes his cock to explosion.  All through her
story the husband is stroking his cock and they end their evening
with a hard quick fuck.

The husband in the next few days tells his wife he wants to hear
more and convinces her to take a tape recorder with her to the
next get together with her girl friends.  As he reviews the tape
with her we hear how one of her girlfriends dreams of serving her
husbands friends at their poker game dressed only in a brief
apron.  As she passes food and drink around they ogle her and
fondle her.  Her fantasy ends after she has gotten beneath the
table and sucked one of the players off.

The next week the girlfriends get together is at their house and
he conspires with his wife to hide in the closet and listen to
the exchange of fantasies.  He is almost caught but gets to
listen to a pretty young woman who is a TV newscaster tell how
she fantasizes about stripping off her clothes before her nightly
audience.  As she does this the guy dreams of fucking her before
the cameras.

As the husband and wife discuss how turned on these sessions get
him he wonders how he could get to participate.  His wife hits on
the idea of him coming along next week dressed as a woman.  He
doesn't want to do it but she insists.  At the next get together
he is introduced as a visiting cousin and the exchange of
fantasies continues.  The young woman who dreams of tying up her
husband says she has another fantasy.  She would like to go to
the opera without her panties and as the opera is reaching a
climax she envisions herself being finger fucked by the man in
the next seat until she too climaxes.

The stars wife has yet to reveal her fantasy.  The rest insist
she do so.  She begins by saying that what she is about to tell
them actually recently happened although she had dreamed about
many times before.  She was so horny one day, she tells them,
that she locked her office door and phoned a number from one of
those sex magazines.  The man who answered talked her into
fingering herself off right in the office.  He then asked to meet
her.  She didn't know why but she agreed to and went to a hotel
where he met her.  He told her how beautiful she was and while
she watched herself in a mirror he instructed her to undress and
fondle her body.  When she was totally nude before this stranger
there was a knock at the door.  The stranger answered the door
and let a woman in who he introduced as his wife.  She had a
present for her.  She had opened it to find a beautiful teddy. 
With the help of the stranger's wife she tried it on.  The
stranger and his wife had admired her and the woman had begun to
stroke her body and they had ended up making love as the husband
watched and stroked himself to an orgasm.

The others were spell bound and one asked if her husband knew
about this.  She told them she had told him just recently.  The
others turned to the cousin (her husband) and asked if she had
any sexual fantasies.  He of course said he had but preferred to
play them out rather than dream about them.  He said he would
like to make love to them.  Of course the women didn't know what
was in store for them but they were about to find out.  While his
wife was being made love to by one of the women, he began to kiss
and fondle the other two.  Of course in short order they found
out who he really was and all had a wonderful session of sex.

Kim had joined me watching the show about half way through.  She
had a short terry towel bath robe on over what I presumed was her
bathing suit.  She seemed flushed.  I don't know whether it was
the video or the wine.  I told her it was a good tape.  In fact
there were many of the fantasies which I could relate too.  Kim
was very quiet.  I felt sure some of them hit a sensitive spot
with her too and I was beginning to be sure I figured in her
sexual dreams.  

                    Special Polaroids for Jim

Kim told me she had finished packing Jim's bag but she was really
going to miss her sexual rejuvenated stud while he was away.  I
reassured her and said "I am sure he will miss the new you too." 
"Perhaps you should pack something for him to remember you by," I
suggested.  She was puzzled until I asked her if she had a
Polaroid camera.  She began to understand and said "Sure" and
disappeared to return five minutes later with one.  I told her to
take her clothes off and lie back on the couch.  I snapped a
picture of her reclining demurely on the couch.  I told her to
spread her legs wide and snapped another picture of her splayed
form.  I moved in a took a close up of her hairless cunt.  "That
should keep him hard", I told her as I watched the picture
develop.  I was amazed at how clear it was.  I handed the picture
to her to look at.  She was casually stroking her breast.  I took
the picture from her and snapped a shot of her playing with her
tit.  I was surprised at her lack of modesty.  She told me she
knew the pictures would turn Jim on.  She then began to finger
her cunt and I snapped yet another shot.  She was really into it
by now and I only had one picture left.  I wanted to save it for
her orgasm which I knew would happen soon.  Sure enough she
arched her back off the couch and with her face contorted in
pleasure came, I got a really good shot of her.

When she had calmed down I told her to put the pictures in an
envelope, seal it and tell him to call her before he opened it. 
She did as I directed and slipped the envelope into his bag.  "I
am sure he'll call you when he finds them."   She returned a few
minutes later having put on the short terry towel robe again.    

Jim was due soon and Kim wasn't sure it would be wise if I were
around when he arrived.  I suggested I hide somewhere.  Kim
suggested the front closet as the husband had done in the video
we had just watched.  A few minutes later Jim walked in the front
door.  I could see and hear him plainly through the louvres.  Kim
appeared from the back of the house with his bag.  He apologized
for leaving her and gave her a long passionate kiss.  His hands
were all over her ass and I could see him reaching between her
legs to fondle her cunt.  He told her he loved her hairless
pussy.  "Keep it clean and warm until I get back." he said as he
gave her one last squeeze and grabbed his bag and left.  I
emerged from the closet once the front door had closed.  "I
thought I would get to see his big cock in action." I teasingly
told Kim.  She sounded disappointed and echoed "I had hoped so
too." 

                       Sunbathing and More

Kim suggested that we go outside and sunbathe beside her pool.  I
told her I had to change first.  It wasn't that I really wanted
to wear anything but sometimes a little something can be much
sexier than nothing at all.  I used her washroom to put on my
bikini and proceeded to her outdoor pool where she was waiting. 
She was lying on a towel on her stomach.  Her bikini was brief
but modest in comparison to mine.  The top of mine was nothing
more than two patches held together by string.  The bottom was
equally daring.  It was just as well I keep my pussy shaved bare
because it was barely covered.  The back of the suit was so
narrow I could tell that it had all but disappeared into the
crack of my ass.  Kim was lying on her stomach beside the pool
when I came out of the house.  She looked up as I came toward her
and gasped.  She commented that it was a good thing their pool
was really private or I could get arrested for indecent exposure. 
She was right about that.  

I settled down on a towel next to her and asked her what part of
the video she had liked best.  "You tell me first." she said
excitedly.  I thought for a moment and told her I thought most of
it really good and turned me on.  "Any special part?" she asked. 
"Well, I liked the part where the guy's wife fingered herself off
while the stranger listened to her over the phone.  The part
where she undressed for him in front of the mirror was really
good too.  The best though was where she made love to the
stranger's wife while he watched.  Putting on a show really turns
me on.  You know that." I added quickly  

I asked Kim what part she liked most.  She said she was
embarrassed to tell me.  I persisted.  She finally took a gulp of
wine and said, "The last part that you said you liked."  I sort
of figured she had a bisexual streak in her and said "Oh."

Noting she was embarrassed and self conscious I changed the
subject for the moment, asking if she wanted some sun tan oil.  I
reached into my bag and pulled it out, pouring some on my hand
and began to apply some to my legs.  I offered her some and she
did the same.  I asked her to do my back, and as I lay on my
stomach, she began to work.  I asked her to stop for a minute and
loosened the ties of my bikini top so she could get all my back. 
I told her not to forget my ass.  She seemed a little reluctant
but I chided her and she tentatively began to cover my ass with
sun tan oil.  My bikini bottom was in the way and I reached down
to my side and pulled the tie loose so the back of my bikini too
fell away.  She stopped but I urged her to continue telling her
not to forget the insides of my thighs as they burned really
easily.  I was getting turned on.  She had covered all the hard
to reach areas of my back and stopped.

I offered to do her back and she lay down on the towel.  I didn't
bother to refasten my top or bikini bottom.  I knew she was
watching me.  I took the oil and applied some to her back.  I
massaged it in.  It wasn't long before I had to deal with the
strap holding her bikini top.  Without asking I released it,
telling her it was in the way.  I continued to massage her back
with the oil covering her shoulders and sides.  Her boobs were
squashed against the towel but their fullness was evident.  I
worked back down her back until I came to her bikini bottom.  I
skipped over it and worked some oil into the backs of her legs. 
I spent a considerable time massaging her inner thighs.  They
were so soft.  Once I even detected a moan from her.  I told her
to slip her bikini bottom off so I could do her ass.  She
protested but I told her not to be silly.  She lifted her mid
section off the towel and I slid her bikini bottoms down to her
ankles.

I took some oil and spread it on her ass.  I put one leg over her
back so I was facing her feet, my bare pussy resting on the small
of her back.  Her feet had been only couple of inches apart when
I started the message but I realized now they were spread a
couple of feet.  She was inviting me to continue.  Stopping was
the furthest thing from my mind.  I set about in earnest working
the oil over the backs of her legs and running my hands up her
inner thighs to the very edge of her pussy.  Every time I did
this I could feel her ass shift beneath me and I would slide my
hands back down her legs.  I continued this teasing for a while
and shifting back up her back a little, I massaged her ass.  At
one point I tentatively slide a well oiled finger down the crack
of her ass and over her asshole.  She moaned and I repeated this
anal teasing several times finally slipping my finger deep up her
ass.  Her hips were really beginning to move by now and I was
really turned on as well.

I told her to roll over and taking some oil I knelt between her
legs and I lathered her stomach.  I began to massage her gorgeous
breasts first.  Every time I passed a finger over her hardened
nipples she groaned.  Her hips were rotating and I slide one hand
down over her pussy and down her leg beneath me.  She moaned for
me to, "Do her."  I played dumb and asked her what she meant. 
She told me to, "Finger me."  Again I played ignorant.  She
grabbed my hand and placed it on her pussy and guided my hand up
and down over her cunt.  My well oiled finger slide between the
swollen outer lips of her hairless pussy.  She began to moan and
thrash about.  I slipped two fingers into her cunt and with my
thumb teased her hardened clit.  In moments she cried out, her
hips rose off the towel and she came.  I could feel the walls of
her cunt strangling my fingers.

I continued to massage her cunt and she continued to convulse. 
After a couple of minutes she pushed my hand away.  She grabbed
my head with her hands and pulled my lips to hers.  "I've wanted
you since the first time we talked about sex," she said.  I told
her that I knew but had had to let her find herself.  She held me
close for a few minutes and whispered nervously in my ear that
she wanted to, "Do you."  I was pretty hot and bothered myself
and as I moved from between her legs and lay back, I told her to
go ahead.  She took the sun tan oil as I had and after dripping
some onto my stomach began to massage my tits.  She was kneeling
at my side and her oil covered tits hung down and swayed over me
as she knelt by my side.  My boobs are bigger than hers and with
the oil they slipped around in her hands.  It felt wonderful.  I
could tell my nipples were hard and that familiar ache of my
cunt, begging for attention, was becoming stronger.  Kim was not
long in attending to this need.  Her oiled finger slid down over
my stomach and around my hairless pussy.  She was teasing me
though and I need more direct attention and I begged her to
"Finger me off."  She told me she would take care of me in due
course but she would tease me first as I had her.

She did just that, massaging my inner thighs and returning to
play with the hard little nubs that were my nipples.  My cunt
ached for her fingers.  She passed her fingers over my swollen
cunt lips and then between them and over my hardened clit.  I
thought I would pass out it felt so good but she withdrew her
fingers and began again to play with my tits.  I couldn't wait
any longer and ran my own hand down and into my cunt.  Kim
immediately saw what I was up to and slide her hand down and
together we massaged my cunt lips, clit and inner folds of my
pussy.  In moments I was groaning and my ass, Kim told me later
that I lifted right off the towel when I came, screaming with
pleasure.  Kim kept up her manual attentions and despite the
pleasure it gave me, I had to push her away.

After I had regained my breath, Kim suggested that we go inside
so picking up our towels and bikinis I followed her into the
house.  We were all covered in sun tan oil now and Kim suggested
I join her for a shower.  I wouldn't have refused for the world. 
As I stepped under the warm jet of water in the shower to join
Kim she took the soap and lathered it up and began to wash me.  I
did the same for her and in no time we were embracing each other
in a long passionate kiss.  Her tongue was practically down my
throat.  I had each of her ass cheeks in a hand and pulled her
hairless cunt against mine, moving so the rubbed together
obscenely.  Her hands  were all over my ass too.  I had to break
our kiss for air and dropped to my knees.  I pushed her legs
apart and began to lap at her cunt as the warm water ran all over
us.  She was moaning in no time and as I tickled her clit she
came.  I continued to lap at her clit as she held my head to her
with a hand over each of my ears.  Her orgasm went on for a long
time and I was practically drowned.  Ultimately she released her
grip on my head and I stood up. 

Kim turned off the water and we got out of the shower.  She told
me I was wonderful.  She confessed that she had had many erotic
dreams of making love with another woman but had never been able
to bring herself to do it until now.  She told me that Jim would
be away for three or four days and asked if I would stay with
her.  Paul was going to be away for another few days so I happily
agreed.  Kim slipped on her short white terry towel robe and
apologized for not having one for me but offered me one of Jim's
dress shirts instead.  It didn't cover much but it was enough to
make me feel really sexy and I caught Kim on numerous occasions
eyeing my silhouette, ass or bouncing breasts which the shirt
revealed to best advantage.   

                     Jim enjoys the Polaroids

We relaxed with another glass of wine.  It was after seven and
Kim suggested we get something to eat.  We each made ourselves a
big sandwich and returned to the den.  As we sat and ate we
talked.  Kim caught herself several times gazing longingly at me. 
I said nothing but took care to cross my legs from time to time
and bend over so she was sure to catch glimpses of my swinging
boobs or bare ass.  The discussion drifted to Jim and what he was
doing.  Kim said she couldn't wait for his reaction when he
discovered the polaroid pictures I had taken of her.  He usually
called every evening when he was away.  Sure enough the phone
rang and Kim picked it up to find Jim on the line.  They talked
for a minute about nothing in particular and I could hear him
tell her he had to go and unpack his bag and that he'd call her
tomorrow evening.  Kim hung up.

I told her just wait he'll call back in a few minutes.  "I bet he
calls back in  ten minutes." I told her.  "If he does you can
listen in." she said.  Sure enough not five minutes later the
phone rang again.  When Kim answered it I knew it was Jim and I
went into the kitchen and gently picked up the receiver.  He told
her he had found an envelope in his suitcase with some very
interesting pictures in it.  Kim said "Oh!" and asked him to
describe them.  "Well," he said there is a picture of a woman
with out any clothes lying on our couch."  "You can see her tits
and everything." "Everything?" Kim responded.  "Yea! And in the
next picture she has her legs spread wide and you can see her
cunt."  "Really?" Kim responded again in mock surprise.  "Yea.
And you can really see her pussy and she doesn't have any cunt
hair either."  Kim asked him if it turned him on looking at the
pictures.  He gulped and said it sure did.  Kim asked if there
were any other pictures.  In an excited voice he said there was a
close up of the woman's cunt.  "You can see right into her." he
said, "And her clit looks really red and hard.  She must have
been really turned on."  Kim said that she was sure she must have
been.  " I'll bet your cock as hard as a rock.  Why don't you
take it out of your pants?"  He said he already had.  "There are
more pictures." he told her.  She asked him to describe them. 
"In the next picture the woman is playing with her boobs and in
the next she is fingering her cunt." He told us.  His breathing
was becoming heavy.  "There's one more he told us.  It's a
picture of her coming.  Her ass is right off the couch."  There
was a grunt and Jim under his breath said "Fuck!"  There was a
pause. "Kim, I just came all over my hand." Jim finally said.  "
That's wonderful.  I am glad you enjoyed them.  Call me tomorrow
evening and we'll talk some more."  Kim replied.  "Pleasant
dreams," she said and hung up.  

                    Paul Takes Orders from Kim

Kim asked me about my husband.  I said he often was away for long
periods and I had to entertain myself.  I offered to complete the
story I had started several times of Paul's and my adventure with
Sue.  As you know it had been interrupted by other sexual
adventures.  I told her how after I had put on my show for Sue
and her guests, they had fucked up a storm.  Paul had to eat out
each of the womens cum filled cunt and even clean up Sue's
friends asshole which had been filled with cum.  Before the
evening ended they had suggested that they fuck Paul's ass.  They
had tied him up again and with a dildo fucked his ass hard until
he came all over himself.

Kim was amused by our adventures and asked me about Paul's sexual
preferences.  I told her he really got of being dominated and
giving others pleasure with his body.  I told her I'd have to
tell her about our further adventures with Sue but that would
have to be later.

I asked if I could use her phone to tell Paul where I would be
staying.  She said sure.  "Do you mind if I ask him to do
something sexual for me."  "Not at all." I said.  "He'll like
that."  

I dialled Paul's hotel and Kim took the phone in the kitchen.  I
could see her through the doorway from the den.  She was seated
on the edge of the kitchen table in her short terry towel robe. 
Eventually we were connected to Paul's room and he answered after
a few rings.  I explained that I was staying with Jim's wife Kim
for a few days.  I added that I had told her how bad he had been. 
He seemed puzzled and added she knew about what had happened
Saturday night during and after his poker game.  "She'd like to
talk to you," I said.

Kim spoke up.  She asked him what he was doing.  "Just watching
TV," he replied nervously.  "Dirty movies I suppose," she
replied.  "Jim watches them all the time.  It turns him on." 
"You were really naughty to make Audrey put on that show and do
what she did for Kirk, weren't you?"  There was a long pause. 
"Well" Kim demanded.  Paul meekly said,"Yes."  "You should be
punished and I believe in punishment in kind and as quickly as
possible.  You will do exactly as I say."  Paul said "O.K."  I
sensed the excitement in his voice.  He knew he was in for some
sexual discipline.  "Now, turn on all the lights in your hotel
room."  We could hear him moving about the room and after a
minute he came back to the phone to tell us they were on.  "Take
off all your clothes,"  Kim ordered.  We heard rustling and he
said he was naked.  Kim asked him if his cock was getting hard. 
He told us it was swelling.  "Good",  Kim said, "Now go over to
the window and open the curtains wide."  Paul mumbled an
objection that someone might see him but Kim told him to do it. 
He returned to say they were open.  " Tell me what you can see
from your room."  He told us his window faced an office building
across the street.  He was on one of the top floors.  Kim asked
if he could see anyone.  He told us there were a few lights on
but he couldn't see anyone.  "Too bad",  Kim said.

I could see Kim clearly.  She had her knees spread wide and her
hand in her pussy.  It was obvious she was enjoying the control
she was exerting over my husband even though she couldn't see
him.  Kim ordered Paul to play with his cock.  I told him that
Kim was playing with herself and I heard him grunt his approval. 
Kim asked him how he was doing.  He told her his cock was real
hard and there was some pre cum oozing from his pee hole.  She
asked him to look out the window.  There was a gasp.  "There is
someone watching me," he said.  "Tell us about them but don't
stop stroking", Kim ordered.  "They look like the office cleaning
staff", Paul responded.  "They are both watching and talking to
each other."  "Good!", Kim exclaimed.  "Now you can really put on
a show.  Work that cock.  I want you to come for your audience
and me."  We could hear him grunting and his breathing quicken. 
He groaned.  "Fuck!" he said.  "There is cum all over the place." 
"Good for you."  Kim told him.  "Now clean it up  with your
fingers and lick them clean."  We could hear Paul slurping away. 
Kim then told him to get up and go over to the window wave good-
bye to the cleaners across the street and close the curtains.  He
returned in a moment and told us they had waved back to him.  
Kim wished him pleasant dreams and hung up.  I told Paul he was
good.  He said Kim had just made his day by forcing him to whack
off like that.  I told him I had to go and hung up as well.

Kim was still seated on the table and was now earnestly working
her fingers in and out of her cunt.  I came into the kitchen and
offered to help but she said she would do it herself.  In moments
she came with a groan.  When she finally withdrew her fingers
they were covered in her juices.  I took her hand and licked her
fingers clean.

It was now well 11:00 o'clock and I was feeling tired.  Kim
suggested we go to bed.  She led the way.  I told her I hadn't
brought any night clothes but if she didn't mind I'd sleep in the
raw.  "You can use the spare bedroom if you wish but it would be 
nice if you would share my bed."  Kim replied.  I said sure and
as she went to the washroom I slipped off Jim's shirt and slide
between the sheets.  I was almost asleep when I felt Kim get into
bed beside me.  I was on my side curled up and I could feel her
snuggle up "spoon fashion" to my back, her tits mashed into my
back.  She put her hand over my side and cradled my right breast
in her hand.  The last thing I remember before going to sleep was
her kissing the nape of my neck.

To be continued.

Audrey


Dumb Wonder always enjoys comments.  Contact can be made at
dumbw@hotmail.com Those who make comments may enjoy advance
copies of this continuing saga. 




          Fun & Games - Part 6 - Audrey adds her Story
                                
                     Audrey's Show and Tell
                                
The next morning I awoke before Kim.  I grabbed Jim's dress shirt
and after going to the bathroom went downstairs.  I began to make
some breakfast and a few minutes later Kim appeared only in her
terry towel bathrobe.  As we sat and talked I was conscious of
Kim eyeing my body.  I was flattered and every opportunity I had
I took to show her more.  By the time we had finished breakfast I
had unbuttoned all the buttons on the shirt so it hung from my
shoulders and every time I moved my boobs would be revealed. 
Finally Kim told me I was a real show off.  I freely admitted it. 
"Why don't you take the shirt off then?" she said.  I slipped the
shirt off and we sat and talked some more.  Kim continued to eye
my body and asked me to spread my legs wide so she could see my
pussy more clearly.  I did as she asked and as we talked she kept
looking at my twat.  The conversation was unrelated to what must
have been going through her mind because she then asked me if I
liked playing with myself.  I told her sometimes.  She asked me
to finger myself while she watched.  I slide my hand down my body
to my cunt.  I wasn't surprised to find I was already juicing up. 
I slide a finger deep into my cunt and withdrew it over my inner
cunt lips and clit.  I felt the familiar tingle and casually
began to stroke away.

Our conversation continued as if normal but it became hard for me
to concentrate and Kim was watching my fingers at work closely. 
After a few minutes she stood up and told me not to stop.  She
left the room and returned with a candle.  The candle was an inch
and a half thick and had deep spiral grooves it's entire length. 
She handed it to me and told me to try this.  I took it and slide
it's length down the crack of my cunt.  It sent shivers of
pleasure through me.  I moved my ass to the edge of the chair and
slipped the tip of the candle into my cunt.  It took a bit of
doing to get it started but once it was covered in my juices it
went into me easily.  Kim's eyes never left my pussy.  I worked
it in and out slowly.  The deep grooves pulled and pushed the
walls of my twat as it slipped in and out of me.  In short order
I could feel my approaching orgasm.  It took a great deal of
concentration to continue working the candle.  At last my body
convulsed and spasms of pleasure ran through me.  It took some
time for my breathing and heart rate to return to normal.  Kim
told me that I was incredible.  She took the candle covered in my
juices from me and licked it clean.

Quite casually she finished her coffee and suggested we clean up
and go lie around the pool.  I put on my bikini and Kim put on an
equally daring version which she told me she had never worn
before.  Jim had given it to her but she had never had the nerve
to wear it.  It certainly was revealing.  As we lay around the
pool Kim asked me to tell her about the return visit Paul and I
had had with Sue.

I explained that Sue had totally dominated the two of us on our
first visit but we had enjoyed it.  Kim said she could tell.  The
next time we met we again played Trivial Pursuit.  In this game
Paul and I ganged up on Sue and in no time had her down to next
to nothing.  I admitted to Kim that Sue looked really appealing
dressed only in a brief apron.  I of course was dressed to show
off my assets and did just that.  In the end Paul won and was
bent on extracting revenge on Sue for the way she had treated him
previously.  She admitted she deserved it.  He ordered us to
stroke ourselves off but wouldn't let Sue come.  It really made
her hot being teased this way.  Paul bent me over a chair and
filled me full of his come and then made Sue eat all of his
juices out of my cunt.  Kim liked that part I could see her
squirming.

I told her how Sue had shaved my cunt again and then how Sue had
explained her introduction to sex to Paul and I.  Kim wanted to
know all the details so I went through Sue's story including how
she spied on her sister and boyfriend fucking, their discovery of
her and what her sister had forced her to do.  I told Kim about
Sue and her sister's visit with their neighbour and Sue's
education there.  I even told Kim how Sue had lost her cherry
with her sister's help when her sister's boyfriend had fucked
her.  Kim thought it was great and she told me that Jim would go
wild over this story.

I continued to tell her how Paul had kept Sue on a tremendous
sexual high while not letting her come and had even slipped his
dick into her but withdrawn it and fucked her ass while I diddled
her nipples and clit until she went over the top in a fantastic
orgasm.  I had cleaned her up with my tongue even tonguing her
asshole clean of Paul's cum.  At Paul's request I told Kim how
Sue had fucked me with a strap on dildo while he was beneath me
watching at close range the fucking I was getting and eating me
out.  I came again and again I told Kim.

I told her that Sue and I exchanged places and I had fucked her
with the dildo while Paul watched.  I knew Paul was playing with
her big tits as I fucked her doggy style and he told me he
pinched her nipples hard at one point and she climaxed.  Paul
even made her suck all her own juices off the plastic cock.  Kim
told me it sounded kinky.  "Not as kinky as what we did next," I
replied.  She was dying to know more.  I told her that Paul had
had Sue and I fuck with a double headed cock while he watched. 
"Fantastic!", was all that Kim could say when I described the
feeling.

By now Kim was scarcely paying attention.  She was lying on her
side facing me and had her hand inside the front of her bikini
and was fingering herself.  I stopped to watch.  She said the
story made her so "Fucking Hot!"  It didn't take her long and she
came.  When her breathing returned to normal she asked me to
continue.  "Perhaps we should go over to my house so I can show
you the toys we used."  Kim was excited by the idea and we
quickly dressed and left in my car.

                             Sex Toys                       

Once we arrived Kim couldn't wait to see all the sex toys I had
described to her.  We went up to the bedroom.  Kim sat on the bed
and I sat next to her.  I reached into the drawer of my bedside
table and pulled out a long thin vibrator.  I flicked it on and
handed it to her.  She told me Jim had bought her one about a
year ago and while it served to stimulate their sexual
excitement, it wasn't all that special.  I reached into the
drawer again.  This time I pulled out a dildo.  It was of average
thickness, heavily veined and stiff.  Kim fondled it pretending
to stroke it off.  She took it to her lips and lapped at it and
sucked the tip.  "This is more like the real thing," she said. 
"There's more," I said and pulled out another life like plastic
cock.  This one was of the strap on variety and even had a set of
big balls.  Kim oohed and I said we could try it on later if she
liked.  She nodded enthusiastically.  Next out of the drawer was
the new dildo Paul had given me the week before.  Kim marvelled
at how big it was.  I told her it had a few tricks and showed her
that it was a vibrator as well.  I squeezed the balls and it
immediately began to spurt thick white fuck juice a foot in the
air.  "Wonderful," was all that Kim could say.

She looked at me coyly and asked if I would loan my toys to her. 
"Sure," I told her. "But only if I get to watch you use them."
"You first." she said and handed me my newest plastic cock, the
one with the built in vibrator.  I stood up and began to take off
my clothes.  I looked at Kim and suggested she "Get naked too." 
She began to strip off her cloths and in a moment we were back on
the bed as naked as the day we were born.

I propped myself up against the head board and taking the dildo
turned it on.  It hummed in my hand and I began to run it softly
over my taut stomach and up to my waiting breasts.  I was
anticipating the orgasm I would have with my toy as Kim watched
me.  I could feel my cunt began to juice up.  I ran the vibrating
cock over my nipples and watched as they quickly tightened up to
hard little nubs.  Kim was watching me intently.  I stopped for a
moment and invited her to join me.  She picked up one of the fat
plastic cocks and duplicated my movements on her own body.  I
slipped the cock down over my stomach again and past my hairless
pussy stopping for only a moment.  It was hard to move on but
slide the cock over my soft warm smooth inner thighs.  The action
was really beginning to get to me as I watched closely what I was
doing.  I looked up and Kim who had braced herself with a number
of pillows was slowly stroking her thighs with the plastic cock
in her hand.

I moved the throbbing plastic cock back to my cunt and ran it all
over my pussy.  It wouldn't be long until I went over the top I
thought.  Kim was ahead of me now.  I guess she couldn't wait
because when I looked up she was thrusting her plastic cock into
her cunt.  I was surprised at how easily she was able to stuff it
in herself as it was nearly 2 inches thick.  I followed her and
inserted my vibrating hard cock deep into my wet cunt.  I never
tire of the fantastic feeling of being filled by a hard thick
cock, even if it isn't real and this time was no different.  I
began to push and pull it like there was no to-morrow.  Kim was
equally intent on filling her cunt.  Her eyes were closed and she
was quietly moaning and moving about under the pleasure she was
giving herself.  I concentrated on my own pleasure and soon the
familiar tension began to mount.  I knew my clit would be hard
and protruding and when I felt I could take it no longer I
slipped a finger over my clit and went off under my own hand.

It took me a minute to regain my composure but when I did Kim was
really into her own pleasure.  Her ass was well off the bed and
she was thrashing about.  I reached over and massaged her tits. 
Her eyes opened and she took my hand and slide it over her belly
to her hairless cunt.  I knew what she wanted and began to
massage her hard clit.  She went off like a rocket.  It was all I
could do to keep my fingers where they could do her the most
good.

In a few minutes she pushed my hand away.  "Not bad," she said,
"I wish I had tried one of these before."  I told her that it was
even better when you are serviced by someone else pushing the
cock.  Immediately she wanted to try and I strapped a dildo.  Kim
lay on the bed with her legs obscenely spread watching me and
slowly stroking herself.  I offered her a taste of the cock and
after she had sucked it for a minute, I knelt between her knees
and feed it into her slippery cunt.  Immediately she began to
thrust her hips up into the cock attempting to get it all at
once.  I pushed into her and she moaned.  She just couldn't seem
to get enough.  I too could feel pleasure in what I was doing as
the base of the plastic cock pushed on my cunt and clit.  It
wasn't long before Kim again began to moan how good it felt.  It
was frustrating for me though because while it felt good to a
point it wasn't enough to bring me off.

Kim sensed something was wrong and told me to get off her for a
moment.  As I withdrew she reached up and unstrapped the dildo
from my waist.  She pushed me back on the bed and kneeling
between my knees place her lips over my cunt and began to lap at
my clit.  She told me later that she had never done this before
but you never would have known.  In moments she had me groaning
and I had my second orgasm in a short period of time.  As my
breathing returned to normal I pushed her back and reciprocated
by licking her cunt.  I could have lapped away at her forever but
she climaxed quickly and she too pushed me away telling me it was
almost too much.

We lay in each others arms for awhile, my warm breasts squashed
against hers.  Kim wanted to know more about my adventures with
Sue so I took up my story where I had left off.  The next,
morning I told Kim, that with Paul's and Sue's encouragement I
had seduced this big kid who mows her lawn.  "He had the biggest
hardest cock you have ever seen."  I told Kim.  After I had
finished fucking him Sue had a go and he filled her with a load
of jism immediately.  I think Sue will keep him around for more
than lawn mowing I jokingly told to Kim.

Next I told Kim about our trip to the Mall.  How I had teased the
men in the Mall with my short skirt and almost see through top
and Sue had worn extremely tight cutoff short jeans and a skimpy
tank top.  I explained to her my seduction of the shoe salesman
and the blow job I gave him in the back room while he fondled
Sue's tits.  I even told her about Paul's pocketless pants which
enabled him to fondle his meat through the pocket openings
unobserved.  She thought that was neat.  The next part of our
adventure in the sex store really excited her.  After I described
all the different sexual acts displayed she was able to identify
her favourite immediately.  It didn't surprise me that she wanted
to explore the Lesbian and Group Sex booths.  She said Jim was
obviously a Voyeur and he probably buy everything in the Voyeur
section.

I explained to her how we had each bought something we fancied. 
"That was where I picked up the French Maids outfit." I told her. 
I told her that Sue and Paul had also bought some special things
but I'd tell her about them later.

I backtracked to explain Emma to Kim.  Emma for those who haven't
read the earlier letters is a video camera artist who specializes
in video taping people's sexual fantasizes.  She had created the
video tape of my performance as the naughty French Maid that I
had loaned to Kim and Jim.  Kim told me that Jim really
appreciated it and she thought it was pretty good, especially
because it got Jim's cock really hard.  Having caught Kim up on
Emma I proceeded to tell her how Paul, Sue and I had visited her
studio.  The secret show we saw her taping of a fat woman being
fucked by a strong hard young stud turned us all on I told her. 
"It sure would have turned Jim on." Kim told me when I finished.

I told Kim about that Paul had bought a leather slave mistress's
outfit at the sex store and how Emma, Sue and I all conspired to
simulate his torture in a part of Emma's studio set up for
filming such things.  I know Paul loved it but the pictures sure
looked realistic of Sue whipping him while he was strapped to
some restraining devices.  We even strapped him onto an examining
table and I fucked his ass hard with a big plastic cock while his
legs were forced wide apart and high in the air.  The pictures
were great.  Kim wanted to see them.

I retrieved them from the bottom of Paul's drawer.  They were
becoming a little dog eared from being looked at so often.  I
gave them to her in the order they were taken.  She spent a good
deal of time looking at the ones of Paul tied up being whipped by
Sue.  She really liked Sue's slave mistress outfit.  The pictures
of Paul trussed up on the examining table she said were neat.  "A
person could really use him any way they wanted in that
position," she commented.  Next I showed her the shots of Sue
tied to the saw horse.  The close ups of her ass and cunt held
open by her position on the saw horse left nothing to the
imagination.  Kim seemed particularly interested in the pictures
of Sue.  She was turning into a real Lesbian.

When I passed her the pictures of Emma's dog Claude lapping at
Sue's tits she gasped in shock.  I told her not to knock anything
until you'd tried it.  I told her Emma had even let us watch
while her dog Claude had fucked her.

Kim changed the subject back to Sue.  Her interest in her was
obvious.  I told her Sue was away on a trip and hadn't been able
to get hold of her in quite a while.

                          Mall Show Offs

I took a shower while Kim looked around the house.  She then took
a shower while I got dressed.  I wanted to wear one of my sexier
dresses but couldn't make up my mind between the dark blue or
bright green.  Each was of made of knit material that clung to me
like a second skin.  I finally selected the green one and I
figured Kim could wear the other.  I slipped it on without
anything else.  It was cut low in the back so when I looked over
my shoulder in the mirror you could almost see the start of the
crack in my ass.  The front was cut so I could see the faintest
hint of cleavage.  It was short but still reached half way to my
knees which was conservative for me.  I pulled on some stockings
that didn't require garters, found some matching shoes and with a
bracelet and a little makeup admired myself in the mirror.

When Kim came out of the shower wrapped in a towel I held up the
dark blue dress and suggested she might like try it on.  She
jumped at the opportunity.  She began to slip on her panties on
but I told her I didn't have any on myself and she taking my led
she simply slipped the dress over her head instead.  She studied
herself in the mirror.  I loaned her some stockings like the ones
I had on.  We found some accessories to match her dress.  I must
say the dress really showed off her fine body.  Her pert tits
bounced as she moved and it was all I could do not to reach out
and fondle her ass.  Kim is a little taller than I am and the
dress was pretty short on her.  She was able to adjust it so it
reached a little lower on her legs but it meant her boobs almost
fell out.  I didn't mind and she didn't seem too either.  Her
long straight blonde hair hung over her shoulders and really
looked fantastic.  Kim saw me eyeing her and said I looked
fantastic too.  She was right about that.  As I looked in the
mirror I could see my full breasts almost as if I didn't have
anything on.  Even my nipples were faintly visible.
 
I told Kim that I wanted to go over to the shopping centre to get
something to eat and see what sort of reaction we would get.  We
hopped in the car and were off.  At the mall as we strode down
the corridor I knew we were being watched by a pair of men
sitting on a bench.  It was just what I wanted and whispered to
Kim how excited it made me feel being lusted after.  We went
through to the food centre and ordered some food and took our
trays over to a table.  The two guys had followed us and we took
a table opposite them.  "Watch the guys,." I told Kim.  I
positioned myself so I was facing them and bending from the waist
put my tray down.  In doing this the front of my dress fell open
and my boobs were clearly visible.  After giving them a good look
I sat down.  Kim told me she though the guys eyes would pop out.

Kim and I chatted for a few minutes and finished our food.  "I'll
give them a real show now," I whispered to Kim and took my tray
to the collection area nearby.  I put the tray away but
intentionally dropped a napkin.  I bend over from the waist to
pick it up.  Of course my dress pulled up at the back so the guys
and Kim could see the tops of my stockings, half my ass and just
a hint of my bald pussy.  I held the position for a moment and
stood up.  I motioned to Kim that it was time to go and as we
left I winked at the guys.  They were so stunned by my display
that they didn't follow us as I had expected.

Kim and I moved down the mall getting stares from most of the men
and even the women seemed to notice us.  As we rounded a corner
who should I see coming toward us but Sue.  As we got closer Kim
recognized her and gave me an excited nudge.  Sue had seen us and
waved and came over.  We put our arms around each other in a long
lost embrace.  I could feel her hand on my bare back but was a
little surprised when she slipped down my back and past inside my
dress till she was cupping one bare ass cheek.  She whispered
into my ear that I didn't have any panties on.  "How naughty,"
she added but followed up by saying she wasn't surprised.  I
introduced Kim and told Sue she too had no underwear.  "How
exciting," Sue said.

We talked for a few minutes about Sue's trip.  Sue asked
suggestively what naughty things we had been up to.  I told her
that I had been helping Kim to open up her sexual experiences. 
Sue wanted to know more.  As Kim hung on every word I told Sue
how I had introduced Kim to sex with another woman and showed her
my collection of sex toys.  "Sounds pretty exciting," Sue
commented.  Kim said, "It sure was." and that had Jim seen it
there would have been cum flying all over the place.  Sue asked
Kim to explain.  She told Sue that Jim was really into voyeurism. 
Sue told her he would really like the video that I had done as a
naughty French Maid.  "We've seen it and it was great." Kim
quickly responded.  "I'll have to arrange for you and Audrey to
star in your own," she said.  I was surprised when Kim asked if
she could.  "Sure," she said.  "I'm sure Audrey would like that." 
Sue knew me too well.  I nodded my agreement.  Sue told us she
would call Emma and arrange it when she got home.  She looked at
her watched cursed and said she had to go.  " Why don't you come
over when you get home?  I've got a surprise for Audrey." Sue
said as she waved good bye.  Kim and I went back to the car and
headed to my house.  As we drove Kim told me she liked Sue.  The
thought of making a porn video for Jim turned her on.

                           Robert Again

When we got home we walked over to Sue's house which was only a
block away.  As we approached I could here a lawn mower running  
and I knew what the surprise was.  Robert!  I could feel my pussy
moistening just a the thought of his monstrous hard young prick. 
I didn't say anything to Kim.  Sue had only been home a few
minutes herself but had changed into a short white beach coat. 
>From the way her boobs bounced I knew she had nothing else on
underneath.  We were going to be in for a good time I told Kim.  
Sue offered us each a large glass of wine and we chatted about
Sue's trip for a few minutes.  All of a sudden the noise of the
lawn mower died away and a few seconds later we heard Robert from
the back door saying he was done.  Sue told him to come in, that
she had a surprise for him.  She winked at me.  Robert came into
the living room in his cut off jeans and tank top covered in
sweat from his exertions.  When he saw Kim and I he stopped in
his tracks.  Sue told us Robert's parents were away for a few
days and she had gotten home in time to offer to keep an eye on
him for them.  He was cutting her lawn to earn his keep she went
on to say and she had more work for him to do too.  The innuendo
in her voice was unmistakable.

Sue asked Robert if he remembered me.  Robert was very shy.  Sue
didn't wait for an answer but responded for him by saying she was
sure he did.  Sue asked Robert if he liked me.  Robert never
having taken his eyes off me, nodded.  "Well give her a welcome
kiss then."  Robert moved cautiously towards me and gave me a
peck on the cheek.  Sue scolded him, "A real kiss silly."  This
time he was for real.  As our lips met his mouth opened and his
tongue probed for my tongue.  I could feel the heat in my cunt
increase a notch.  Apart from our mouths we had not touched. 
While we were still kissing Sue told him to hold me in his arms
and we embraced.  I could feel Roberts hands moving over my bare
back and down to where my dress began.  In moments I could feel
him grasping each of my ass checks in one of his big sweaty
hands.  I too was pawing his bare back beneath his tank top.  He
pulled my ass to him so my groin met his.  I could feel the big
bulge of his hardening cock.

Our kiss had not been broken but I had to come up for air.  When
I did, Sue asked Robert if he would like to fuck me.  Robert very
huskily said, "Yes."  I immediately grabbed the hem of my dress
and hefted it up and over my head so I stood before him in
nothing but my shoes and stockings.  I could hear Robert say
"shit" under his breath and start to loosen his belt.  Kim the
whole while just stood and watched sipping her wine.  I helped
Robert with his cutoffs and bikini underwear and then his top
until he stood nude before me.  His cock was fully erect as I
eased his pants off and Kim gasped when she saw his size.  It was
truly enormous.  There is lots of exaggeration when it comes to
male machines but Robert was truly huge.  At least ten inches
long and two inches thick.

Sue asked me how I would like it and I slipped to the floor lying
on my back I spread my legs wide and lifted them in the air.  I
was truly wide open for him.  He lowered himself to the floor
between my knees and spitting on his cock for lubrication placed
himself at the very entrance of my throbbing cunt.  He paused for
a moment than began to work himself in.  I moved my legs higher
so the backs of my ankles rested on his shoulder. In this
position he had to do all the work but I knew he could get in
really deep.  With each stroke I gasped until I could feel his
heavy balls against my ass.  Having now opened me up he began to
fuck in earnest.  I have never been filled so full in all my life
and with each stroke I thought I would faint with pleasure.  I
tried to meet his trusts but he was really in control.  After a
matter of minutes I could sense the familiar pleasure of
approaching orgasm rising in my cunt and I came groaning and
cursing.  He too came and filled me with his jism.  I was amazed
though when his cock didn't softened but he continued to stroke
in and out of my cum filled cunt.

I wanted more control and told him to roll over on his back. 
Without his cock leaving my cunt we rolled over together so he
was on his back on the carpeted floor.  We were almost against
the couch that Kim was sitting on sipping her wine and watching
us.  I began to move my hips up and down on Robert's huge cock. 
He thrust his hips to meet my every downward stroke and filled me
entirely.   I knew it would only be a matter of minutes before I
orgasmed again.  My tits swung back and forth as I fucked his
long fat prick.  His eyes were closed in concentration.  I too
concentrated and began to come again.  Wave after wave of
pleasure swept through me.  If Robert hadn't held my hips and
continued to pump me I would have slumped on top of him.  The
continued motions of his cock in my cunt brought on yet another
orgasm and this time he too came in my cunt.  It had only been
ten minutes since he last filled me and I was satiated, at least
for the moment.

We lay in each others arms for a moment but Sue told me to get
off him.  I was reluctant to give up his cock but did as she
said.  Sue had always exerted a magical control over me when it
came to sex.  Not as strong as she did over Paul but that was
another story.

Robert lay on the floor his cock still twitching but as hard and
fat as ever.  It gleamed with his cum and my juices.  Kim was
eyeing it and Sue asked if she would like to try it.  "I'm sure
he is good for at least one more load still." she said.  Indeed
he looked to be.  Kim told Sue that while she would like to, Jim
was the only man that got to use her cunt.  "It's alright for a
woman though?" Sue asked rhetorically. "Well, I don't want his
hot cock to go to waste." she said and told Robert to stand up
and fuck her doggy fashion.  She knelt on the edge of the couch
next to Kim with her knees wide apart and placing her hands on
the back of the couch told Robert to fuck her good.  Robert
stepped up behind her like a quarterback awaiting the hike of the
ball.  He stroked her cunt for a moment, flipped her beach coat
up over her ass and eased his hard fat cock into her cunt from
behind.  Sue groaned with every stroke he took each one deeper
than the last into her pussy.

I was still on the floor next to the couch but was in danger of
being trampled by this young stud fucking our host.  I got up and
slumped down on the couch to watch the action.  Kim was watching
closely too.  In a moment I felt her hands on my cum covered
thigh and soon she was probing my sopping cunt with her fingers. 
Of course this made my hornier than ever and I began to moan. 
Kim slipped off the couch and the next thing I knew she was
cleaning up my cum covered inner thighs with her tongue. It felt
good and in a moment she was probing my cunt with her tongue.  It
didn't take me long before my fourth orgasm of the afternoon
began to come over me.  It must have been hard for Kim to keep
her tongue flicking over my distended clit or anywhere near my
cunt for that matter I was thrashing about so much but she did. 
She was rewarded  by bringing me off with her mouth and I was
grateful.

While all this was going on Robert was fucking Sue like there was
no tomorrow.  They both must have gone off before I came because
when I was finally able to regain my breath and open my eyes they
were slumped on the couch as well.

All of a sudden I realized that it was nearly seven o'clock.  I
was really beginning to feel hungry.  I told Kim we had better
get going.  I stood up and readjusted my stockings.  I retrieved
my dress and slipped it over my head.  Kim straightened herself
out.  Sue still wearing her beach coat lead us to the front door. 
She said she would have asked us to stay but she was being
selfish and wanted Robert to herself.

As we were about to leave she remembered her promise and told us
to hang on for a moment while she phoned Emma.  While we waited I
was conscious that even though Kim had lapped up Robert's cum
from my cunt after he had fucked me more was now leaking from my
swollen pussy and running down my leg.  I didn't really care. 
Sue returned to say it was all set up.  We were to meet at Emma's
at ten the next morning and go over the basics of what we wanted
her to record and that afternoon she would do it.  Sue added that
Emma had a filming session at ten thirty which we might wish to
watch.  I remembered the session Paul, Sue and I had seen her
filming of a young stud and an older woman and was excited by the
prospect of watching another steamy sex session from behind her
one way mirror.  Kim and I finally left.

                            Phone Sex                       

When we got to my house we fixed ourselves something to eat and
relaxed in the den.  All of a sudden Kim said she had better
phone Jim.  She told me she usually phoned him every night when
he was on the road and he would probably be wondering where she
was since last night she had promised to phone him.  I had almost
forgotten her obscene phone call stimulated by the pictures I had
taken and left in his suitcase of Kim fingering herself off if
she hadn't phoned by this time.

I told her to go ahead and she dialled away as I sipped on my
wine.  In a moment Jim was on the line.  Kim asked him if he had
really liked the pictures last night.  I could faintly hear him
say they were marvellous but he wanted to know who had taken
them.  She played with him for a minute making him guess who it
could have been.  Finally she told him about my having taken
them.  "In fact I'm calling from Audrey's house right now."  I
reached over and flipped the phone over to the speaker phone mode
and said "Hi," to Jim.  Kim put down the receiver.  Jim seemed a
little bit embarrassed at first because of the display I had put
on for the guys but when Kim began to describe what we had been
up to the previous couple of days his voice became more excited
and he urged her on.  It was increasingly apparent that Kim got
off talking dirty and that Jim got off listening to and watching
sex.  The last part Kim had alluded to several times before.  I
remember thinking wait till he finds out what we had planned for
tomorrow.

When Kim got to the part where she described what had gone on
during the phone call to Jim of the previous evening.  Jim wanted
to know what she was wearing and what she was doing now.  "What
would you like?" she asked him after she described what she was
wearing.  "I don't have anything on.  Why don't you two get
undressed too?"  I quickly complied and Kim told him that I was
naked.  She described to him my body in great detail.  I obliged
her by striking some obscene poses for her to tell him about. 
She took off her dress and stockings and I did the same
describing what she looked like and was doing.  He told us his
cock was rock hard and he was stroking it but he wouldn't last
long.  Kim was sitting in the big arm chair. I told Jim that Kim
was playing with herself.  Jim groaned with pleasure telling us
both he wished he were their to see for himself.

Kim told him it really felt great and how juicy she was.  While
she talked I moved over beside her and began to massage her tits. 
I told jim her nipples were really hard.  Again he groaned. Kim
was really getting in to describing the pleasure she was feeling. 
When I moved around between her outstretched legs and began lick
my way up her legs she began to moan.  Jim wanted to know what
was  happening.  Kim described not only what I was physically
doing but the affect it was having on her.  She told him that she
was getting really high and her cunt was really sopping.  Her
clit she said as she stroked it was sticking way up.  She told
Jim she wanted me to eat her out and Jim said he wanted me to as
well.  I didn't need to be asked twice.  I lapped my way up her
thigh and taking the fingers she had been dipping in her cunt in
my mouth licked them clean.  I then began to eat her out in
earnest lapping at her clit inner cunt lips and slipping my
tongue as far up her cunt as possible.  Initially Kim told Jim in
detail every aspect of my tongues trip around her cunt.  After a
few moments she lapsed into groans and moans until she began to
spasm in orgasm.  I kept it up for a few minutes and she began to
come again.  I could hear Jim cursing as he came.  I finally came
up for air.

Kim said, "Good Night", to Jim and we hung up the phone.  Kim
said she was beat and I knew I was.  No wonder it was past
midnight and we had to meet Sue the next day at Emma's so we went
straight to bed.  As I snuggled up spoon fashion naked against
Kim's naked back with hand over her side cupping on her breast
and my knees under ass, I marvelled at what a wonderful day it
had been.  But tomorrow promised to be even more of an adventure
in sex.  We were due to visit Emma and it was Friday and Paul
would be home.  Much as I liked Kim and Sue as sex partners I
needed my old reliable Paul.  Wait till he hears what has
happened since he left I though as I drifted off to sleep.

                   Preparing for Emma's Studio

The next morning I awoke to hear the shower running.  It was just
past eight and Kim must have been taking a shower. I got up and
wandered into the ensuite bathroom and prepared to take a shower
as well.  Kim and I talked.  I exchanged places with her in the
shower running my hands suggestively over her boobs and ass as I
passed her.  As I lathered myself up I realized I had better
shave if I was going to be doing any filming today.  Not only
were my underarms starting to grow in but my legs felt rough. 
When I gazed down at my pussy a new beard was evident.

Kim was drying off when I got out of the shower and I began to
shave my legs and underarms.  I took some shaving cream and put
some on my cunt and putting one leg up on the toilet began to
remove the stubble developing around my cunt.  Kim watched for a
moment than suggested she do it for me.  I quickly handed her the
razor and hopped up on the counter.  My ass was perched on the
edge and I spread my knees wide apart.  I told her to be careful
and she patiently and slowly worked her way around my cunt.  She
even scraped the area between my cunt and asshole.  When she
finished she took a wet cloth and wiped away the last of the
shaving cream.  She paused to admire her handy work.  She told me
she could see my clit and pee hole and that my inner cunt lips
were quite red.  That was probably because her shaving me had
turned me on and her close up examination was exciting me even
more.  All of a sudden she lowered her mouth to my cunt and began
to suck on my cunt.  I could feel her tongue on my stiffening
clit and I could feel the pleasure welling up in me.  All of a
sudden she stopped though.  I looked at her pleading with her
with my eyes to continue but she told me I'd have to wait until
later.  I was frustrated but I could wait and it would heighten
my excitement.

We went into the bathroom and dressed and after having something
to eat headed off to Emma's for our ten o'clock meeting with her
and Sue.  I could hardly wait.  Kim drove her car and as we
pulled into the street where Emma lived I recognized Sue's car. 
We pulled up to the curb and parked behind it.  Emma's house
looked quite ordinary in the quiet older heavily treed
residential neighbourhood.  Inside the house also I knew was
nothing out of the ordinary unless one was a privileged guest or
client of Emma's studio.

Emma and Sue both met us at the door.  Emma ushered us inside and
Sue introduced Kim to Emma.  As Emma lead us into the den and
poured us each a glass of wine Claude her big dog joined us.  
When we were all settled Sue began to explain what we had in
mind.  "Kim's husband Jim is a voyeur," she began.  "Audrey has
just introduced Kim into the joys of woman/woman sex and Kim
tells me she would love to record her introduction into Lesbian
sex for his pleasure."  Emma said this was not an unusual request
and she was sure she could produce something that Kim could be
proud of and would raise Jim to new heights of sexual excitement. 
Emma asked Kim to outline briefly how this stage of her sex life
had begun.

Kim talked a little about how she had come to meet me and how she
had used the knowledge she had gained from me to excite Jim to
new sexual heights and how it had revived their sex life.  I was
flattered to hear her thanking me in this way.  Kim went on
though to tell Emma that her real eye opening came when I seduced
her beside their swimming pool and showed her the pleasures of
women in love with each other.  She told Emma also about the sex
toys I had showed her how to use.  "I am sure these events will
make for a very exciting video to give your husband." Emma
finally said.  She told us that she would have to excuse herself
though because she had a client coming by to film a session and
they were due any minute.  "If you want to stay though your
welcome," she said winking at Sue and I.  We both knew what she
meant and I told Kim that we should take her up on her offer.

                       The Doctor's Office

As we helped ourselves to another glass of wine we heard the door
bell ring and Emma answer it.  We could hear voices in the
hallway but we kept out of sight.  A woman was introducing Emma
to her husband.  Emma suggested they come with her and get
changed and they get started.  Sue at this point explained to Kim
that we were in for a very special treat.  She went over to the
curtains on the wall and pulled them aside.  There before us
through the one way glass was Emma's studio.  Emma was busy
setting up her lights and cameras.  The studio had been made over
from our last visit.  It now looked like a doctor's office. 
There was a desk, stool, chair, sink and various medical tools. 
On the walls were various medical charts and diplomas.  It really
looked liked a high class doctor's office.   

After a few minutes a couple appeared.  The man was in his mid
thirty's.  He was solidly built with dark curly hair.  He was
wearing a lab coat which came to his knees although he didn't
seem to have any pants on.  He had a stethoscope hanging around
his neck but there was no evidence of a shirt collar above his
lab coat.  The woman was in her late twenties.  She was a little
on the heavy side with light brown wavy hair that came down to
her shoulders.  She was wearing one of those gowns they give you
in the hospitals and doctor's offices which do little for your
privacy.  In this case it came down to mid thigh and was tied
with one tie in the back.  At one point with her back to us we
could see it open and her ass was plainly visible.  Kim nudged me
to point this out.  Sue had turned on the sound by now so we
could hear the action in the studio.

Emma picked up her camera and began to record the action.  The
doctor sat down at his desk and his patient opposite him in a
chair.  He began by asking the woman what the problem was.  She
explained she had this itching.  He asked her where it was and
she said between her legs.  She seemed to be rather vague and his
voice indicated his rising impatience.  "Be more specific," he
said.  "My pussy," she finally blurted out.  "In that case I have
some more personal questions," he warned her sternly, "and I must
ask that you give me all the details."  "Very well," she replied. 
"When did you lose your virginity?" he continued matter of
factly.  "I was fourteen." she said. "Please provide me some
details." he continued.

I thought the questions were really getting personal but they
sure made the scene exciting.  The woman went on to tell her
doctor that she had been seduced by the seventeen year old kid
next door.  When she had finished the doctor asked her how many
sex partners she had had.  She wasn't sure exactly but said it
must be about twenty.  As he wrote down her answer she asked if
he meant just men.  "How many men and how many women? he asked. 
"Only three women actually." she said.  Without him probing
further she went on to explain that the first time was her room
mate at college and she still gets it on with two of her
neighbours.  The doctor then asked her if she masturbated.  She
looked puzzled until he asked her if she, "played with herself?" 
"Sometimes." she said.  He asked her when the first time was.  "I
was fifteen and some of my friends had done it so I tried it
myself and it really felt good."  "I see," said the doctor. "When
was the last time you played with yourself?"  "Last Saturday.  My
husband wanted to watch me do it so I did it while he watched." 
I began to feel my juices flow at hearing her tell him this. 
"When was the last time you had sex?  With a man that is."   "The
woman responded quickly indicating that just this morning she had
fucked the plumber.

The doctor stood up at this point and said it was time he checked
her out and performed some tests to determine her problem.  We
could all see the bulge beneath his lab coat when he stood up.  I
could hardly wait to see what would happen next.  He asked her to
sit on the edge of the examining table.  She hoisted herself up
and he checked her reflexes by taping just below her knee cap. 
He took her blood pressure.  He listened to her heart by placing
his stethoscope on her back beneath her robe.  He began to do the
same from her chest but her robe was in the way.  He politely
asked her to remove her robe.  She slipped the gown over her
shoulder so the doctor had access to her chest.  In so doing of
course her breasts were clearly visible.  They were gorgeous,
large and full, but no hint of the sagging common in women so
well endowed.  Kim gasped.  Emma continued to film the scene. 
The doctor casually listened to her heart and chest.  He put his
stethoscope away and taking one of the women's big boobs began to
examine it while we all watched.  He did the same to the other. 
Maybe he was looking for lumps but the atmosphere was so sexually
charged I am sure that was not what he was really doing.

The doctor now explained he was going to conduct a breast
sensitivity test.  He took the woman's nipples in his fingers and
began to tease them.  He looked her straight in the eye as he did
it.  We could see his tit teasing was raising her sexual tension
as her nipples stiffened under his deft handling.  Once fully
erect the doctor suddenly pinched each.  The woman winced and Sue
nudged me as if to say "I knew he would do that."  We could hear
the doctor tell his patient that there was no problem there.

He now asked her to take off her robe and stand down from the
table.  She did as he asked.  We all gasped when she let her robe
fall to her feet.  She was a little plump but really had a good
figure.  I've already mentioned her monstrous boobs.  Her hips
were broad and she had a full ass.  Her thighs were not fat as
one might have expected but nicely proportioned.  Her cunt was
covered in a thick thatch of dark pubic hair.  The doctor stood
back and observed her.  he told her to turn this way and that. 
He asked her to bend over and touch her toes.  As she did so her
tits hung down.  I longed to get my hands on them.  He stood
behind her watching her ass.  He told her to stand up and asked
her to spread her legs apart as wide as she could.  We got a
glimpse of her pink pussy lips when she did this.  He then told
her to bend over again.  This time her back was to us and we
could now see her cunt clearly framed below her ass.  "Don't you
wish you had a dildo to fuck her with?" Sue whispered to me. 
"I'd like to do more than that," I said.  "You naughty girl," Sue
responded.

When I looked back into the studio the doctor was asking her to
get back on the table and lie back on it for examination.  The
doctor stood back and looked at her.  What could only be his
hardened cock was clearly evident from the bulge in his lab coat.

The doctor ran his hands down over her breasts stomach and
thighs.  We could see the woman's body tense.  He told her to
relax.  He began attach the leg supports used by gynaecologists
in there work to the table.  She knew what she had to do and
raised her legs into them.  The doctor strapped her in and
pulling a pin dropped the end of the table supporting her ass out
of the way.  She was now totally at his mercy.  Even from where
we were we could clearly see her wide open cunt.  The doctor took
a stool and placing it between her legs sat with his face but a
foot from his patients gapping pussy.  Kim spoke saying she
wished she was him.  She was really getting into women I thought. 
The doctor ran his fingers around the woman's cunt asking her
"How that felt?"  In an emotional voice she said, "Nice."  He ran
his hands softly over her inner thighs.  She moaned.  Holding her
cunt lips open with one hand he leaned forward and blew gently on
her exposed cunt flesh.  The woman moaned loudly in pleasure. 
Next he ran a finger delicately over her inner cunt.  He must
have hit her clit because she let out a loud pleasurable "Oh!,
doctor."  We couldn't really see too well but the doctor began to
describe what he was doing.  "I am inserting a finger in your
cunt to test your reactions,"  he began.  "You are certainly warm
and juicy."  The woman on the table began to moan softly.  "I
will check your width first with two fingers than with three."  
She responded to his probing digits with a series of "Oohs!"  "It
would seem that this is arousing you.  Am I right?"  "Oh YES!"
the woman on the table responded emphatically.  Her eyes were
closed.  She was obviously enjoying the finger fucking she was
getting.

After a few minutes he withdrew his fingers and sat back.  Her
eyes opened in disappointment.  He placed his fingers between her
lips and sucked them.  "Your juices taste fine but I detect male
cum as well.  When was the last time you were fucked?"  "About
two hours ago." she responded. "Why?"  "Well you should clean
yourself up after being fucked.  One of the best ways is to have
your lover suck his juices from you.  Let me demonstrate." 
Without waiting for a response from her he placed his lips over
her cunt and began to suck noisily.  She immediately responded by
groaning softly.  He kept his tongue work up for a minute or two
than sat back.  "Don't stop." she begged.  "It felt sooooo good." 
Instead the doctor took her hand and placed it on her pussy.  "If
you want to come you can stroke yourself off while I watch how
you do it."  I wanted to trade places with this woman patient and
stroke myself off while the doctor was watching me but for the
moment I had to be content with only watching.

The woman wasted no time in sliding a finger into her juicy cunt
and sliding it back over her clit.  Emma of course was catching
it all on tape.  Kim, Sue and I watched in awe as the woman
fingered herself frantically.  Her eyes were closed tightly.  Her
face contorted in concentration.  Her big boobs wobbled about on
her chest.  She was moaning continuously.  The doctor watched her
closely for a few minutes then stood up and took of his lab coat. 
Just as we suspected he had nothing else on.  His cock while not
overly long was thick and hard.  He sat down on the stool again
to watch his patient stimulating herself.  Her fingers were
moving faster.  She was straining in her leg straps.  Her ass 
and back were lifted in the air above the table so she was
supported only by her shoulders and lower legs in the supports. 
With a loud groan her body began to convulse in climax.  As she
regained her breath she collapsed on the table her hand still
lazily working her clit.

The doctor stood up and announced he had to give her an
injection.  Taking his rock hard prick he slipped it into her
dripping cunt.  In one quick motion he was in her as far as his
balls.  Again she groaned and her hips began to move as nature
intended, back and forth to meet his thrusts.  Her hand remained
on her pussy and she stroked it too as he probed her with his
cock.  We could see his muscular ass cheeks flexing as he worked,
dimples appearing as he pushed his cock into her and disappearing
as he withdrew.  Within a few strokes she began to groan that she
was coming again.  He intensified his thrusts and groaned that
she was about to get her injection.  They came together.  The
room went quiet but for their heavy breathing.  The doctor
finally collapsed on the stool, his cock red and swollen but no
longer hard.  Come dripped from its tip.  His patient's cunt was
red and swollen as well and white cum was leaking from her pussy
lips.  The doctor leaned forward and lapped away at her cunt
until he had cleaned her out with his tongue.

He stood up and released the woman's leg straps and swung the
table bottom up so her ass was once again supported by the table. 
He removed the leg supports and told her she could get off the
table.  The woman sat up and swung her legs off the table and
remained seated on the edge of the table.

The doctor still seated on his stool said he believed he had a
solution to her itching problem.  She should endeavour to have
injections at least once a day.  It was desirable that her lover
clean her up with his tongue afterwards as he had done.  As an
added precaution against renewal of the itching he suggested she
shave all her pubic hair off.  He asked her if she understood his
instructions.  She nodded.  He told her she could get dressed
then and he would see her in a week to see how she was doing. 
The woman slipped her robe on and as the doctor wrote in his
charts the lights went down.

                  Kim and Audrey's Video for Jim

I turned to Kim to see what her reaction to the show was.  I
think she was quite turned on, her nipples were certainly
standing out and visible through her T-shirt.  She told us it was
great.  She couldn't believe they were amateurs.  "Wait until you
see the video she produces for Jim."  Sue responded.  At this
point Emma came into the room where we had been watching.  I told
Emma I couldn't wait until our session.  Emma told us to take it
easy.  "I'll come over to Kim's house at two she said with my
equipment."  Kim told her where she lived.  Sue said she would
come with us to make sure we didn't get up to any mischief in the
mean time.  It was probably a wise move on her part because I was
pretty hot and bothered from the show I had just seen and I knew
Kim was equally horny.

The three of us drove over to Kim's house.  We stopped briefly at
Sue's to get some things she said we would need.  Once at Kim's
we fixed something to eat.  Sue went over the basic plot and
action of the video we were about to shoot.  We decided we would
follow much the lines of my seduction of Kim beside the pool I
described earlier in this letter.  After that session Sue told us
that Emma could films us getting it on using sex toys which she
had picked up at her house.  That pleased Kim and me too.  I was
becoming quite wet just thinking about what we were to do. 
Finally about two Emma arrived.  Kim poured herself a stiff
drink.  "To brace herself." she said.  I had one too.

Kim and I went and changed into string bikinis that Emma had
brought along.  They were as equally revealing as those I had
worn when I first seduced Kim.  We joined Emma and Sue by the
pool.  It was a beautiful sunny day.  Perfect for sun bathing.  I
could go through the action but it would only repeat what I have
told you before.  The only difference was that Sue sat and
watched while Emma filmed.  Watching must have made her horny too
because I saw her fingering her cunt as well.  After our session
by the pool Sue ushered us all inside.  She produced her bag of
sex toys and told us to have fun.

It didn't take long until both Kim and I were pleasuring
ourselves with the fake cocks.  All the time Emma was catching
our self pleasuring on camera.  When I looked at the tape later I
must admit we were really obscene.  Nothing was too private.  As
a piece de resistance Sue produced her double headed dildo.  Kim
was a loss as to how to use it at first but I quickly showed her. 
It felt wonderful slipping it into her dripping wet cunt as she
knelt on her hands and knees, her tits hanging beneath her.  I
got into a similar position behind her and with some manoeuvring
moved back so our asses were nearly touching and guided the head
of the plastic cock into my open cunt.  It took us a few strokes
to get co-ordinated but once Kim picked up the rhythm I was in
seventh heaven.  She too was groaning in pleasuring telling me to
fuck her harder.  It didn't take long until I began to come in
wave after wave of pleasure.  Kim was obviously in an equal state
of joy as she groaned in ecstasy.  In the end we both collapsed. 
The dildo slipped from my cunt but remained partially in Kim
gleaming with our juices.  Emma told us it was a take and telling
us she had another appointment hurriedly packed up her stuff.  As
she left she said she would edit the film, add music and bring us
each a copy next week.

                      Home from the Airport

It was now late Friday afternoon.  Jim was due in at the airport
about seven and Paul was also supposed to arrive about that time. 
I suggested that Kim and I pick them up.  Sue said she had other
arrangements and excused herself.  I think Robert had to be
tended to, but at the moment I really didn't care.  Kim and I
dropped Sue off at her house and stopped by my mine to get
changed.  I suggested to Kim we tease the guys with the outfits
we had worn to the Mall.  She thought this sounded great.  As she
put on a little makeup I admired her figure yet again displayed
as it was in the short tight fitting stretchy green dress I had
loaned her.  Like me, she had chosen not to wear any underwear. 
She said it would drive Jim mad to know she had nothing on
underneath.  Kim asked if she could borrow some of my sex toys. 
I said sure but she would have to tell me about how she used them
afterwards.  We hopped into Kim's full size car and we headed off
to the airport.

At the airport Jim was already waiting for us.  Kim gave him a
kiss and hug.  She told Jim we had to wait to pick up Paul as
well.  A few minutes later Paul appeared with his bags.  I was
feeling really horny again and as I gave him a deep kiss ground
my pussy into his cock.  I was amazed that it was already semi
hard.  Kim hurried us all off to the car.  We talked as we went. 
Neither of the men knew what Kim and I had been up to all week. 
Jim of course knew about my having eaten Kim out while he
listened over the phone but he was too hung up to mention it
while Paul was there.  Paul was equally hung up about mentioning
the things that Kim had made him do over the phone because he
wasn't sure how much Jim knew.  It was neat to watch them
nervously eyeing Kim and I but trying to avoid being caught be
the other husband.

Before we left the terminal Kim whispered something to Paul and
he disappeared to the washrooms for a few minutes.  When we got
to the car Jim got in front while Kim drove.  Paul of course did
what he was told and got in the back with me.  As we pulled out
of the parking lot I snuggled up to Paul and placed my hand on
his cock.  Immediately I could tell he didn't have any underwear
on.  I whispered into Paul's ear if this was his idea of a
surprise.  He responded loud enough for both Kim and Paul to hear
that "No. It was Kim's suggestion."  Kim immediately  responded
by saying she thought, "it would liven things up back there." 
She was right about that.  I eased Paul's fly down and pulled his
swollen cock out into the open.  Jim had lowered the sun visor
and adjusted it's mirror so he could see some of what was going
on in the back seat.

I lowered my lips to Paul's cock and as we drove I began to lap
at it.  After a few moments I took his cock in my mouth and began
to suck in earnest.  I could hear Kim telling Jim to turn around
and watch if he wanted.  He didn't needed to be prompted further. 
When I released Paul's cock from my lips harder than ever Jim was
watching us closely between the bucket seats.

I told Paul he should take off his pants and as he lifted his ass
off the seat I helped him.  All he had on now was his shoes and
socks and an open neck sport shirt.  His red, hard cock stood out
as he sat back in the car seat.  I fondled it for a moment then
wiggled around so I could pull my dress up so my stomach and cunt
were exposed.  Jim gasped.  I pushed Paul's knees apart and sat
in his lap with my legs outside his and my back to his face.  I
reached between my legs and taking his cock guided it to my cunt. 
With a slight shift I impaled myself on him.  I was able to rock
back and forth on his cock, the tip of which was barely in me.  I
was able to see his cock going in and out of me and with my legs
spread so wide even my inner cunt lips and clit could be seen.  I
reached down and fondled Paul's balls.  He groaned.  I slid my
fingers up his juice covered cock and fondled my clit.  It was
great.

Jim was only a few feet away and watching closely.  Kim asked him
if we were putting on a good show.  "The best." he responded. 
"Tell me about?" she asked.  Jim described how Paul was sitting
without his pants and I on his lap facing forward with his cock
in me. He described to her how he could see Paul's juicy cock
slipping in and out of my cunt.  He told her my cunt was wide
open, red and swollen and that I was fingering my clit.  His
voice betrayed how turned on he was which in turn turned me on
even more.  With a loud groan I could feel Paul shooting his
heavy white cum deep into me.  As he pulsed I tensed and came as
well.  It took several minutes for me to come back to earth. 
Paul's cock had shrunk somewhat and slipped from my cunt.  I
could feel his juices leaking over my thigh.  I scooped some up
on my fingers and reached forward offering them to Jim.  He
sucked my fingers clean.  I scooped up some more and this time
offered my fingers to Kim.  Without taking her eyes from the road
she sucked Paul's cum and my juices from my fingers.  "Umm." she
said.

By this time we were almost to my house.  As Kim pulled into the
driveway I thanked her for the ride home and a wonderful week. 
"Call me next week." I told her as I climbed out of the car and
adjusted my dress.  It was dark now with only a street light down
the street providing any light.  Paul was struggling to get his
pants on but Kim told him not to bother.  "He had been so naughty
he didn't deserve to wear them."  she announced authoritatively.
I thought I saw Paul's prick stiffen when he was ordered about in
this way.  He got out of the car with only his shoes socks and
shirt on.  We got our bags out of the car and hurried inside.

Paul and I spent the rest of the night fucking up a storm. 
Between climaxes I told him about what had happened while he was
away.  He told me about the thrill Kim's phone call had been.  He
really got off being forced to "whack off" for the benefit of an
audience.

He had to go into the office the next afternoon and I have spent
that time writing this letter.  Rereading it has sure turned me
on.  I can't believe how many times I have come in the last week. 
I tried to count them up but lost count.  Its a wonder I didn't
melt.  This is a pretty long letter so I had better close it off.



Audrey  


Dumb Wonder always enjoys comments.  Contact can be made at
dumbw@hotmail.com Those who make comments may enjoy advance
copies of this continuing saga. 




        Fun and Games - Part 7 - Kim Continues the Story

                   Sex - A New Beginning for Me

I never thought I could ever write a letter like this but my
friend Audrey and my husband Jim persuaded me I should.  The
events I am about to describe would have been unthinkable to me
just a few short weeks ago but thanks to my initiation by Audrey
my entire outlook on life and sex in particular has changed.

I could describe in detail how my introduction or should I say
reintroduction to the exciting world of sex was directly
attributable to Audrey but she has already written a letter on
this subject to you.  I'll cover some of the highlights though.
You see until Audrey came into my life, sex, while gratifying,
had become rather dull.  My husband Jim was the only man in my
life and sex had become routine and to be frank, monotonous.

That all changed the night he came home from a poker party with
his pals.  He practically raped me.  He was hard as a rock and
even when he had filled me with his cum, his prick remained hard. 
It wasn't until he had come in me a third time that he finally
collapsed.  Even then and after I had come several times, he
sucked on my cunt until I came and came again.  In the end I had
to stop him so I could catch my breath.   

It was wonderful and I had to find out what had happened that
made my husband suddenly such an exciting lover.  The poker party
had been at Paul's place.  I had met his wife, Audrey several
times before but didn't know her well but decided I had to phone
her to find out what had happened.  I was nervous and it was only
after several strong drinks that I got up the courage to make the
call.  She invited me over to her house and that is when things
got really interesting.

Even when sitting in her den it took several more glasses of wine
for me to get up the nerve to ask her what had gotten Jim so
stirred up.  Audrey said she would show me.  In a moment she
returned dressed as a French Maid.  Her skirt was very short and
the top barely covered her large breasts.  When she offered some
food from the tray she was carrying I couldn't help but see most
of her boobs.  When she bent over to put the tray down I could
see almost her whole panty clad ass.  I was really shocked though
when a few minutes later she returned to the room and this time
when she bent over I discovered she had removed her panties. 
Because the outfit was so short I could see her ass and even part
of her pussy.  Prim and proper me was really shocked.

Audrey told me she had put on a show like this for the guys at
the poker party and gave Kirk a blow job.  She was revelling in
telling me this and got down on her hands and knees with her ass
towards me to show me how she had looked to Jim.  She flipped her
skirt up so I had to look at her whole ass and then she spread
her knees apart.  I was looking at her most private parts and she
loved it.  I must have been beat red with embarrassment but I
couldn't move.

Audrey offered me another glass of wine and explained this was
one of her sexual fantasies.  She asked me about my sexual
fantasies.  I told her Jim was really into watching dirty movies. 
Audrey then suggested I try on her outfit and quickly stripped. 
I was a little embarrassed watching another woman undress but the
whole scene was beginning to get me excited.  I stripped off my
clothes and put on the French Maid outfit.  It certainly showed
off my sexual assets.  When I bend over as Audrey had done I knew
that Jim would really be turned on.  Audrey loaned me the outfit. 
When I met Jim at the door that night I acted the part of the
maid and Jim fell into his part as well.  I put on the show for
him that Audrey had showed me and even removed my panties so he
could see my bare ass and more when I bent over.

Jim was really getting into it and pulled me onto his lap at one
point and finger fucked me.  He then fucked me seated on a stool
with me in his lap.  I came and came I was so worked up.

We paused for dinner.  After dinner Jim lifted me up on the table
and as he examined my cunt, fingered me.  He had me lick my
juices and his from his fingers.  Under calmer conditions I would
have been turned off but I have to admit they didn't taste bad. 
After dinner we retired to the den and watched a video that
Audrey had given me.  JIm is really into watching dirty movies
but this one was special because it starred Audrey obscenely
displaying her body in front of a mirror, stroking her bald cunt
and fucking herself in the ass and cunt with dildos.  Jim was
beside himself stroking his hardened prick through it all.  I
couldn't resist his cock and sucked him off, something I had
never done before.  Looking back on it I can't believe how much
my sex life had changed in just a few days.

The next day I visited Audrey again.  She wanted to know all the
details.  I asked her about her pussy being shaved and she
offered to help me shave mine.  I knew it would drive Jim wild.
Audrey suggested a hot bath first and as she and I luxuriated in
her twin tub she told me how Sue had come into her sex life in a
game of sexual Trivial Pursuit.  The story obviously made her
horny and she was casually stroking her cunt as she talked.  That
turned me on and I did the same.  She came and I did too.  I was
a little embarrassed about doing it in front of her but with her
it seemed so natural.

After the bath Sue carefully shaved all the hair from around my
cunt.  I had always had a fantasy about making love to another
woman and that would have been the perfect opportunity but I was
too self conscious to take the step.  As I left though Sue gave
me a long passionate kiss and I knew it would only be a matter of
time until she made a pass at me.

That evening when Jim got home I greeted him at the door with
nothing on but one of his dress shirts.  It didn't take him long
to find out that my cunt had been shaved.  He couldn't get enough
of me.  He had me lie back on the couch and spread my legs wide
so he could check out my totally exposed cunt.  I could
understand why Audrey got so turned on flashing herself.  Jim
fingered my cunt, he ate me out and fucked me long and hard.  At
one point I fingered myself off while he watched.  His juices
oozed from me.  In a few minutes he was hard again and he fucked
me until he placed another load deep in my cunt.  It was
wonderful.

The next day I invited Audrey over to sun bath by our pool.  I
told her all of what had gone on with Jim.  It seemed to excite
her.  Jim phoned about this time to say he had to go out of town
and I had to leave Audrey to pack his bag.  Audrey discovered
Jim's collection of XXX rated videos and when I was finally
finished packing I found her half way through one of the best. 
This particular tape deals with women's fantasies.  Some of them
hit pretty close to home.  The combination of the wine, the show
and Audrey had me turned on again.  

When the video was over I told Audrey I was going to miss Jim. 
At this Audrey immediately suggested I sent along a surprise for
him.  She used my Polaroid camera to snap some shots of me in
various stages of undress and finally close ups of my cunt and
even talked me into fingering myself off for the camera.  We then
put the pictures in an envelope and slipped it into his bag. 

After Jim had picked up his bag, Audrey and I went out to the
pool to sunbathe.  Audrey had changed into really skimpy bikini
and joined me beside the pool.  Her suit was so revealing she
might as well have had nothing on.  We talked as we sunbathed
about the video we had watched.  Audrey wanted to know what part
I had liked best but I asked her to tell me her favourite part
first.  I was a little surprised when she picked the Lesbian
scene which took place while one of the women's husbands watched. 
I was embarrassed to tell her what my favourite part was but she
insisted and finally I admitted I liked the part she had just
described.

Audrey then proceeded to seduce me.  I should have seen right
through her offer to rub some sun tan oil on my back but I really
wanted to feel her hands on my body.  One thing lead to another
and in no time I was naked and the massage had become very
sexual.  She probed my asshole with an oiled finger.  She
fingered my cunt and in the end she had me so high I begged her
to finger me off.  We kissed passionately and I confessed my long
burning desire for her.

I reciprocated her massage and got her so hot and bothered she
begged me to bring her off.  I loved it.  We then adjourned to
the shower to clean up.  There Audrey ate me out.  I had never
had oral sex until Jim ate me out the Saturday before and this
was the first time a woman had done me.  She was both gentle and
persistent in her tonguing of my clit.  I could hardly get enough
of her.

Jim was going to be away for a few days so I invited Audrey to
stay.  I put on a short terry towel beach coat but all I had for
Audrey was one of Jim's dress shirts.  I must admit she looked
great in it.  It certainly showed off all her assets.  Jim called
from his hotel room once and then again a few minutes later after
he had discovered the picture we had sent along. 

Jim described them to me one by one.  I could tell he was getting
more excited as the pictures became more and more explicit.  He
was whacking off as did this and when he got to the last one
where I was coming, he too came.

Audrey told me more about her sexual adventures with Sue and Paul
after Jim hung up.  Paul was really into discipline I could tell
from her story and when she phoned Paul I took over and
disciplined him over the phone.  I made him whack off in front of
his open hotel window.  It turned out he had an audience of two
cleaning ladies in the building across from him.  He willing
complied with my debasing orders and in no time spilled his load. 
It turned me on so much I fingered myself off yet again as Audrey
watched.  My embarrassment at performing such a personal act in
front of her had disappeared.

The next morning as we ate breakfast, Audrey fucked herself with
a huge candle while I watched her.  She loved to put on shows
like this she told me.  

As we sat around the pool later Audrey told me about the return
visit that she and Paul had had with Sue.  How Paul had won the
game this time and after he fucked Sue made Audrey eat out her
cum filled cunt.  The thought of doing this appealed to me and I
think Audrey knew it.

Audrey went on to tell me how Sue had been introduced to sex and
how she and Sue had fucked each other with dildos while Paul
watched.  The part where they fucked each other with a double
headed cock made me really hot and I fingered myself off yet
again.  After that we went over to Audrey's house to try out her
sex toys.  I could scarcely get enough of these artificial cocks.

As we relaxed Audrey continued the story of her adventures with
Sue.  She told me how they had gone to a Mall and teased a young
salesman with their bodies and visited a sex shop full of special
toys and displays.  She told me how they went to a video taping
studio in a private home and watched a porn tape being made.  How
they had filmed their own session involving Paul being
disciplined by Sue and Sue being tied up and fucked and
photographed.  I would have loved to have been there to make love
to Sue.

After Audrey had finished her story we got dressed and went
shopping.  Audrey loaned me a skin tight dress that barely
covered me but really showed off my body.  She had a similar one
and when she told me she had nothing on underneath I thought "Why
not?" and left my panties behind too.  At the Mall Audrey flashed
a couple of guys both her boobs and pussy and left them
speechless.

We ran into Audrey's friend Sue and she invited us back to her
place.  When we got there, a big teenager named Robert was mowing
her lawn.  Audrey had told me how she and Sue had seduced him
before and what a large cock he had.  Sure enough Audrey had him
undressed in a matter of minutes and his cock was truly immense. 
She and Robert proceeded to fuck up a storm while Sue and I
watched and sipped our glasses of wine.  When they were finished
Sue asked me if I would like to try him out but I had never
fucked anyone but Jim and declined reluctantly.   

Sue took on Robert then and I not wanting to be left out slipped
down between Audrey's outstretched legs and lapped Robert's
oozing cum from her cunt until she had yet another orgasm.

Before we left Sue made an appointment for Audrey and I to have
my introduction to Lesbian sex taped for Jim's benefit the next
day.  

That night I phoned Jim again and this time I introduced Audrey
to him as we talked on the speaker phone.  At Jim's request we
both got undressed and played with ourselves while he stroked his
cock off. 

The next morning Audrey shaved her cunt in preparation for our
filming session and I ate her cunt afterwards but didn't go as
far as bringing her off.  That would have to wait.

When we got to the studio we were escorted to a private room
where we were able to watch the studio without being seen.  While
Emma, the camera woman filmed, we got to watch a scene where a
doctor delves into the sex life of his woman patient, examines
her intimately than fucks her.  Jim would have loved it and it
turned me on too.

That afternoon Emma came over to my house and filmed Audrey and I
duplicating my seduction and afterwards we went inside and she
filmed Audrey and I fucking it up with sex toys as we had done
before.

Sue and Emma left and Audrey and I went to get our men from the
airport.  I decided to try disciplining Paul one more time and as
we left the airport I told him to go and take off his underwear. 
When we all got in my car, I knew it wouldn't take long for
Audrey to discover what was up.

Sure enough she was into his pants before we were out of the
parking lot and slipping her dress up above her waist sat with
her back to him in his lap.  Her legs were spread wide as I drove
but Jim turned and watched intently and described what they were
doing for my benefit.  Jim was beside himself as he watched them
fuck.  I knew his cock would be really hard by the time we got
home.  As a parting shot I told Paul to remove his pants entirely
before getting out of the car.  He loved being told what to do. 
I promised to call Audrey the next week but what I really needed
right then was Jim's hard cock.  He was equally anxious to fuck.

When we got home we hurried inside.  Jim dropped his bags, closed
the door and grabbed me.  His hands were all over me.  As we
kissed passionately,  I could feel his hands massaging my ass.  I
could also feel his harden prick pushing into my belly.  I
grappled with his belt buckle and pushed his pants and underwear
down as one.  At the same time he was pushing my dress up over my
ass.  He moaned when he discovered I had no underwear on.  All
the time his lips never left mine.  Our tongues were tying knots
together.  Finally he broke away from me and stepped out of his
pants and underwear which were around his ankles.  He bent over
and slipped his shoes and socks off.  I slipped my dress over my
head and stepped out of my shoes while he was preoccupied.  When
he stood up I frantically undid his shirt buttons while he
removes his tie.  We were both nude now standing on the cold tile
floor in our front hallway.

He grabbed me again and as we frantically kissed and ground our
groins together his hands roamed over my back and ass.  My hands
were no less busy as I squeezed his hard muscular ass cheeks
bring his hard cock tight against me.  He was pumping his hips
into me rubbing his cock against my belly as he did.  There was a
real sense of urgency in him and I felt a deep need to be fucked
as well.  He pushed me against the wall.  He pushed my legs apart
and bending his knees lowered his cock to the entrance to my
dripping cunt.  I grabbed his cock and guided it to my open love
nest.  With one thrust he drove it deep into me.  I groaned and
took him all.  My hips began to move naturally to meet his
thrusts.  While a woman's tongue is special and a dildo is an
interesting diversion, there is nothing like a hard man thrusting
into my cunt to really get hot.

Jim grabbed my waist and lifted me up.  I flung my legs around
his waist so I was literally suspended on his cock.  He was in
total control now and slipped his cock in and out of me urgently. 
I could feel me first orgasm building as I clung to him, my arms
around his neck and legs around his waist.  the muscles in my
cunt pulsed and I went into a long cock grabbing orgasm.  Jim was
equally close and as my cunt contracted around his cock he began
to come.  Every shot of cum he forced into my cunt caused a
contraction in my pussy.  Every squeeze of my pussy resulted in
another throb of his cock.  It took a few minutes before his
throb and my responding squeeze faded away.  My grip on his waist
was slipping and he and I collapsed on the cold floor.

It didn't take us long to get up though.  It was cold.  I told
him, "I needed that." and he echoed my proclamation.  We picked
up his bags and our clothes and headed off to the bedroom.  I
cleaned up a little and slipped on my short terry towel beach
coat.  When I came out of the bathroom Jim had put on his
housecoat and slippers and was unpacking.  I went downstairs and
got us something ready to eat.  Jim and I sat around the kitchen
table sharing our supper while he told me about his trip. 
"Nothing particularly interesting in the work line."  he
confessed but he told me had bought a new video that he was dying
to see.  No doubt another porn tape I thought.  What Jim really
wanted to know though was about what I had been up to.  He
obviously knew that Audrey and I had been getting it on from what
we had told him over the phone one evening.  What he didn't know
was how involved we had become.  I didn't want to tell him too
much just yet.  I wanted him to see the tape Audrey and I had had
made. 

I did tell him about watching Audrey fuck Robert, the kid with
the huge cock and the sex scene that Audrey, Sue and I had
watched in secret being taped of the doctor and his patient in
detail.  The only thing he would have liked more than me telling
him this story would have been him watching it himself.  He loves
to watch sex.  I could tell it was really getting to him from the
way he adjusted his housecoat as we sat at the kitchen table. 
Part way through the story his hand moved to his lap and I knew
he was playing with his cock.  When I got to the part of the
doctor patient scene where the doctor fucks his patient who was
strapped onto his examining table, Jim groaned and gobs of cum
shot into the air above the table.  I stopped my story and went
over and cleaned up his cock and hand with my tongue.  He was
delicious.

                  Jim Brings Home a Dirty Video


We took our coffees into our den and Jim added a shot of Irish
Cream to each and we sat down to watch the video tape he had
brought home with him.  Most of these type of tapes have no plot
line that you could believe, the acting is poor and quality of
the sound and picture leave much to be desired but every once in
a while Jim finds a gem.  The one that Audrey and I had looked at
in Jim's absence was just such a prize.

This one began with three guys playing poker and drinking.  There
was a girl bringing them drinks and food.  The guys were really
loud and were making crude jokes, swearing and whenever the girl
passed by they would give her a slap on the ass, pinch her bum or
give her a feel up her leg or blatantly grab for her breasts. 
She seemed to encourage their rudeness with smart remarks.  One
of them apparently was her husband and he took as much a part in
the antics as each of the guys.

While she was out of the room the husband began to tell his
friends about what had happened the previous day when he came
home from work.  There was a note on the table from his wife he
told them.  Of course the movie went back in time to the event to
show us the letter.  The letter told him that she longed for some
rough sex and to be raped.  He would find her bound and gagged
upstairs and he should take advantage of the situation.  The
camera lowered to the crotch of his pants where a big bulge was
already evident.  He adjusted his cock in his pants and grabbing
a beer went upstairs.

We saw him enter the room.  At first all the camera showed us was
a wrist tied with a slip knot.  Next another and than separately
two ankles.  At each wrist and ankle the camera slowly lead us up
the taut rope to where each was tied to a bed post.  Finally the
camera pulled back revealing first the face of his wife than her
body until we could see her entire nude form stretched out on a
big old fashioned four poster bed.  She was tied in such a way
that her body formed an X on the bed.  Jim squirmed with
excitement beside me.  Not only was the woman exposed and
vulnerable but she was also gagged with two straps which held a
golf size ball in her mouth.  The ball did have a large hole
through it though so she could breath more easily.

Her eyes were on fire as she watched the man approach her. 
Standing beside the bed he reached over and caressed her face. 
He let his hand circle her lips than slide down to her big boobs. 
He teased the nipple on the one nearest him.  The camera moved in
to watch his fingers at work.  It was plain to see her nipple was
stiffening.  He took the tip between his fingers and squeezed it
hard.  I could almost feel the pain myself.  We could hear the
woman muffled moan.  The man reached across her and did the same
to the other tit.  I don't know why people find such brutal
treatment so sexually exciting but they do and I was no
different.  I could feel my pussy juices beginning to flow.

The man stepped back and removed his shoes, socks, shirt, pants
and underwear.  I gasped when I saw the size of his prick.  It
not only was at least two inches thick but it seemed to be so
long too.  He looked around and took a couple of large pillows
from a nearby chair and reaching under the woman's waist lifted
her midsection from the bed and shoved the pillows beneath her
ass.  She had been exposed before but now her cunt was raised
well above the bed and she was more helpless and exposed than
ever.  He reached between her legs and began to probe her cunt
with a finger.  Next he shoved two than three fingers into her
cunt.  When he withdrew them after several hard deep thrusts they
were covered in the woman's juices.  He smeared them over her
face.  While she might have moved her head to avoid him she
didn't.

He now began to squeeze and massage her big tits.  We could
clearly see how erect her nipples were.  His squeezing got
progressively more violent and when he finally shifted away from
her to another part over her body we could see red marks where he
had been squeezing her boobs.

He now climbed between her legs and shoved his cock into her.  He
was really rough with his massive weapon.  He thrust it in and
out of her cursing and telling her how he was going to fuck her
till she was so sore she couldn't take any more.  He told her he
would fill her with come until it came out her ears.  He was
really sexually excited and in no time he came.  After he caught
his breath he slipped his cock out of her with a slurp.  His come
dripped from his prick and her cunt was red and swollen.

He reached over to the bedside table and pulled a giant plastic
cock from the drawer.  It was even bigger than he had been when
fully erect.  He ran the dildo up and down the slit of her cunt
until it glistened with juices.  The camera was taking close ups
of this.  Jim nudged me when it zeroed in and her cunt filled the
screen.  "Look how big her clit is" Jim exclaimed.  He was right
she was really turned on by the abusive sex she was being
subjected to.  I know Jim was turned on and I was getting really
hot too.

The guy now plunged the plastic cock into her gapping cunt.  He
thrust it in and out several times and stopped.  He got off the
bed and stood up.  His half swollen cock swung obscenely between
his legs.  The plastic cock protruded lewdly from her cunt.  He
told her he was hungry and left her in the state of arousal,
bound and gagged on the bed.

We watched as the still nude man made himself a sandwich and ate
it then returned to the bedroom.  When he came back he noticed
that the plastic cock had slipped from her cunt and lay
glistening between her outstretched legs.  He announced that
while he liked the position she was in, he had another idea which
he thought might be more exciting.

He began to loosen the rope tying one of her legs to the bed
post.  He took the end of the rope and began to tie it above her
head to one of the bed posts.  He wrapped it around the top part
of the post and pulled it taut.  The woman's straightened leg
followed to the point where her foot was above her head.  The guy
did the same with her other leg.  Her legs were splayed as wide
part as possible without ripping her in two.  She may have been
wide open before but you wouldn't believe how open she was now. 
I swear you could see right up her cunt.  Her pussy lips were
pulled apart and her clit stood out above the valley between her
cunt lips.  Not only was her cunt available for what ever the guy
wanted to do but so was her asshole.  Jim was beside himself.  He
mumbled something about "loving to slip into that."  I'm not sure
which he wanted to do fuck her cunt or her ass. 

The guy climbed onto the bed.  He slapped her ass a couple of
times and settled on his knees behind her ass.  I hadn't noticed
but his cock had reached full erection again.  He was raring to
go.  He nestled his cock in the crack of her cunt and thrust it
back and forth.  It really seemed to stimulate her because we
could see her body moving to meet his movements.  He then slipped
his big cock into her and began to fuck her in earnest. I was
amazed to see her orgasming as soon as he was nestled into her.
He worked and worked his cock and she kept on coming in a never
ending orgasm.  I shouldn't say never ending because eventually
she slowed and stopped moving.  He wasn't finished yet and with a
final thrust which we thought would drive her through the head
board he dropped his load in her.

He got off her after a few minutes and as he reached over her to
release her bonds come dripped from his cock onto her sweating
body.  It took a few minutes to liberate her from her bonds and
he finished be removing the gag.  Immediately she fell to kissing
him and thanking him profusely for fulfilling her so.

The movie now faded back to the guy talking to his card buddies. 
You could see the heavy bulges in their crotches.  You could tell
they were really turned on by his depraved story.  
      
The guys picked up on their card game and continued to drink
beer.  At one point we were shown one of the guys taking a piss. 
He stood with the bathroom door open.  He had a monster of a cock
and when the girl who had starred in the bondage sequence passed
by the door she stopped to watch him.  The guy went out of his
way to show her how big he was and she unbutton her blouse to
reveal her big bare boobs.  She fondled her nipples as he watched
and pissed noisily then she turned and left him holding his cock.

The action continued in the room where the card game was going
on.  The girl was beginning to get more attention than the cards. 
She had not done up her blouse and the guys was making obscene
comments about her boobs and speculating about how juicy her cunt
must be.  Even the husband was in on it, telling the others she
was a real hot fuck.  All the time the girl was letting them feel
her tits and slide their hands up her short skirt.  At one point
her husband told her to take her skirt off and when she told him
to get stuffed he ripped it from her.  She didn't seemed too
concerned though and now wearing only her open blouse and bikini
panties continued to fetch drinks for the guys and watch their
game.

The fondling continued.  The camera zoomed in on a guy slipping
his hand over her ass and under her panties.  She let him feel
her ass for a moment then slapped his hand away.  The game had
stopped and all three guys were now pawing her boobs or ass.  Her
husband ripped her panties off while one of the guys pulled her
blouse off.   She was now nude and the guys were egging each
other on and she was a willing participant.  The husband
suggested they each fuck her.  The woman leaned back on the couch
and open her legs as an invitation and the guys stripped off
their pants.  All three had big hardons.  My mouth drooled at the
thought of having three big cocks all to myself.  One of the guys
stepped up to her and offered her his cock.  She took it in her
mouth and began to suck on it like it was a lollipop.  The other
guy got between her outstretched legs and  began to eat her cunt. 
The husband sat beside her and played with her tits with one hand
and his cock with his other.  I was jealous.

I looked over at Jim.  He was playing with his cock and I reached
over and assisted him.  The woman on the screen began to moan. 
Her hips more moving frantically and the guy with his cock in her
mouth was also groaning.  He pulled his cock from her lips and
began to jerk off over her.  Her eyes were riveted to his
throbbing cock.  His cock began to pulse and jet after jet of
white cum flew from his cock landing on her face and boobs.  Her
husband took the white jism and massaged it into her tits.  She
swore how "fucking good," it felt, referring to the guy eating
her cunt.  She too began to come as the guy working her cunt
frantically ate her out.

As her breathing returned to normal, the guy working between her
knees got up and told her to flip over.  She moved rapidly to
comply.  He directed her to kneel on the edge of the couch and
resting her arms on the couch back the guy stepped up behind her
and drove his cock deep into her waiting cunt.  As he thrust in
and out of her, her tits swung beneath her.  Her husband had
moved around behind the couch and she put his cock between her
lips.  While being fucked from behind she allowed her husband to
fuck her mouth.  He was certainly enjoying himself, holding her
head with his hands and working his cock in and out of her oral
cavity.  With each stroke he must have gone deep down her throat. 
I don't know why she didn't choke.  The guy who had come all over
her face and tits was now sitting on the couch beside her and
playing with her dangling tits.  He was pretty rough with them
but she was preoccupied with the pleasures she was getting at
both ends of her body.

The guy fucking her cunt was a picture of concentration.  His
eyes were closed tightly and he was working her hips hard back
and forth on his cock.  He began to convulse.  The guy sitting
beside her meanwhile was using a finger on her clit now and she
responded by coming all over again.  As the guy fucking the broad
began to lose his hardon he slipped from her cunt.  His cock was
no longer hard but really red and swollen.   His come was
dripping from her cunt as the camera gave us a close up.  Her
cunt lips were swollen and red too.

Jim was on the verge of coming and I quickened my frigging of his
prick.  He gasped and shot his load high in the air.  I milked
his cock as we continued to watch the TV.  As Jim's pulsing
slowed I licked my come covered fingers clean and we backed the
movie up so we wouldn't miss anything.  After the guy came in her
cunt her husband pulled out of her mouth and moved around to fuck
her cunt doggy style too.  She took his cock urgently.  The guy
sitting beside her had not let up frigging her cunt and she was
really high.  He was pulling on his own cock which was hard again
and when her husband began to fuck her he moved back to playing
with her tits.  He was really getting rough with them squeezing
her smooth flesh and twisting her nipples.  I squirmed as I
watched how she was being treated by all these cocks.  It was as
if she was being raped but she seemed to be enjoying it.

Her husband didn't last long and he and she came together.  She
collapsed forward onto the couch back

The guy who had been working her nipples was ready for more
though and pulled her over to the heavy table where they had been
playing cards.  He lifted her onto the table so she was sitting
on the edge.  While the other two guys watched he knelt between
her legs and lapped up the combined juices leaking from her
distended cunt.  It was too much for her.  Again her body began
to respond and she groaned with pleasure as he tickled her erect
clit with his tongue.  The camera work was incredible.  Despite
the closeness of the bodies you could see all the details of her
cunt.  His prick was hard again.

He stood up and pushed her back so she was lying on her back on
the table.  He stood between her legs and taking his cock laid it
in the crack of her cunt.  Its tip extended up past the top of
her pussy and the shaft lay between her inner cunt lips.  He
began to rock back and forth slightly.  His cock moved up and
down her pussy slit.  She moaned with each movement he made as he
held his cock tight against her juicy cunt.  I know his cock must
have been creating the most delicious pressure and friction on
her clit.  At the same time the most sensitive part of his prick
was receiving a massage from her clit.  I had never tried this
before and I couldn't wait to see if it felt as wonderful as it
looked.  Yet again the woman began to thrash in prelude to
orgasm.  The guy was not far behind and just as her body spasmed
he shot his load up past her pussy onto to her big tits.

The others were renewed by the sight and wanted more.  The woman
seemed ready for more too.  The husband climbed onto the table
and sitting astride his wife facing her, he pressed his cock
between her tits.  The jism his friend had just deposited there
acted as a lubricant as he worked his hardened cock back and
forth between her heaving tits.  To increase the pressure he
pushed them together.  She raised her head and watched the tip of
his cock appear and disappear between her boobs.  The other guy
meanwhile had stepped up between her legs dangling off the table
edge and driven his cock into the woman.  She was helpless to do
much more than take the thrusting he was giving her.  The guy
fucking her and her husband must have been ready to unload when
they mounted her because in a matter of minutes the familiar
action and sounds of the guys losing their loads occurred.  She,
I guess was finished because she went limp as they climbed off
her.  She was quite a sight come dripping from her lips and boobs
where her husband had dropped his load.  Her legs dangled from
the table edge spread obscenely.  Her cunt was red, engorged and
cum dripped down from its lips.

She picked herself up and left the room.  The guys quietly picked
up their clothes.  The two guys thanked their host for a fine
evening and they too left.  The movie ended with the wife
thanking her husband for sharing his friends with her.

Jim's cock was again hard.  This was normal.  He really gets
turned on by dirty movies but there are only a few which I find
have the same affect on me.  I asked him what part he liked best. 
He responded that he liked it all, especially the part where she
gets fucked by the two guys while the other one plays with her
tits himself and fingers her clit.  He asked me if I ever thought
about making it with more than one man.  I wasn't sure how he
would take my response but I told him that I had thought about it
but that he was the only one for me.

I told him about Audrey and Sue fucking Robert and how big his
cock was and how I had been tempted to try it myself but
couldn't.  Jim said I should have and that he wouldn't have
minded as long as I told him all the details and maybe even let
him watch.  He was interested in seeing me fuck another man and
that excited me too.

I told him I needed some more of his big cock and lead him by it
up to our room.  When we got there I lay on my back and told him
to eat me out.  As he lapped at my ever damp cunt I dreamed about
what it might be like to fuck another man while Jim watched or
even to have two men at the same time.  The thought turned me on
and as Jim flicked his tongue across my clit I went into orgasm. 
Jim immediately climbed aboard and I grabbed his prick and guided
him into me even as my climax began to fade.  He pumped and
pumped urgently though and I could feel my body peaking again. 
Yet again he filled me with his come but this time my body was
too tired to respond and I lost it.  We rolled over pulled a
blanket up and quickly fell asleep.

The next morning when I awoke Jim was taking a shower.  I needed
one too but went to make some coffee first.  When I came back up
stairs Jim had finished his shower and I replaced him in the
shower.  The warm water felt wonderful.  I could hear Jim shaving
and singing.

When I got out of the shower I decided I had to shave my legs. 
Jim was standing with a towel around his waist still finishing
shaving.  I dried myself off a bit and as I stood beside him with
one leg up on the counter began to shave my calf.  Jim reached
over with a towel and wiped the condensation off the full width
mirror.  I was conscious of how open my cunt was in this
position.  Jim must have noticed too.  He had finished shaving
and was watching me in the mirror.  My breasts hung glowing with
moisture from my shower.  My cunt was open.  I could see his cock
beginning to grow under his towel.  I finished one leg and
shifted putting my other foot up on the counter and shaving the
other leg.  Jim moved behind me and snuggled up to my ass.  He
began to run his hand up my smooth leg until he reached my cunt. 
He placed his hand over my entire cunt and gave it a squeeze of
excitement.  He slide his hand around to my ass.  He watched what
he was doing in the mirror over my shoulder.  It was becoming
difficult for me to concentrate and I didn't want to cut myself
with the razor so I put it down.

It was quite a sight in the mirror.  Jim was peering over my
shoulder at me in the mirror.  I was standing on one leg, the
other was outstretched with the foot on the counter.  My shaven
cunt lips were spread open and the inner lips parted.  My clit
stood up above them.  My boobs glowed with moisture.  Jim's hand
was stroking my body moving from my ass to my nipples, over my
taut stomach to my cunt.  Every time he passed over my cunt he
would stroke my clit and probe my cunt.  When he withdrew his
fingers they were covered in my cunt juices.  I could feel him
moving his hardened cock against my ass.  His hands continued to
roam as he watched what he was doing and as I too watched.  It
really was arousing.

Jim took my hands and whispered in my ear that I could help too. 
He guide my hands to my nipples and I knew what he meant.  I
massaged each nipple between my fingers keeping them erect and
aroused while he fingered my cunt.  I leaned back into him and
closed my eyes and concentrated on my own pleasure.  Jim was
really finger fucking me hard now with one hand reaching between
my legs from behind while with the other hand he reached around
in front and strummed my clit.  This form of pleasure was like
nothing I had ever done before.  The only way it might have been
better was if I had a cock to hold onto while some one else took
care of pleasuring my tits.  Never the less I came off on Jim's
fingers.  Jim was so turned on by feeling me come and watching me
that he was on the verge of coming himself.  Realizing this I
hopped up on the bathroom vanity with my ass at the edge and he
stepped up to me and slipped his cock into me.  I slipped my hand
down between us and fingered my hard little clit.  His thrusts
were urgent and after only a few he came.  I continued to work on
my clit and as his prick pulsed his come into me, my cunt
responded by alternately squeezing and relaxing around his cock
in my orgasm.

We relaxed in that position for a few minutes until Jim pulled
away.  White come dripped from his softening and glistening
prick.  I could feel my cunt dripping cum from me as well.  Jim
told me he was jealous of how easy it was for me to come.  Coming
felt so good he wished he could go on forever.  "Tough luck," I
told him.  "We'll just have to practice more at getting that cock
of yours up and keeping it there."  At this we retreated to our
bedroom and got dressed.

                               Lucy

I had to get some groceries and Jim had a few things he needed at
the hardware store.  After breakfast we headed off with the
Saturday morning crowds.  The two stores we needed were adjacent
to each other so while I shopped Jim went next door to get his
things.  He said he would find me in the cashiers line up at the
grocery store.  I went about my business and was paying for the
groceries when Jim found me.  As he approached I could see he was
in the company of another man.  He was one of Jim's poker buddies
who he had run into in the hardware store.  By coincidence the
woman in line behind me was his wife.  Jim introduced John and
Lucy to me and we chatted while we waited our turn to pay for the
groceries.

After we got our groceries we agreed to meet for lunch.  As we
sat, ate and sipped our beers at an open cafe, John asked Jim if
he would like to join him for a round of golf.  Jim always keen,
said "Sure."  Not to be outdone I suggested that Lucy might like
to spent the afternoon with me around our pool.  As we finished
lunch it was agreed that John would pick Jim up at our house at
2:00 and drop Lucy off.
  
At two Lucy appeared at our door and told Jim that John was
waiting in the car.   JIm gave me a quick kiss good bye, told me
they would be back by six, grabbed his golf bag and hurried off
to John's car.  

Lucy is a pretty woman.  She is about twenty three, about 5 foot
three and has fair skin and red hair.  She is a little on the
plump side but not fat.  She had a bright bag with her swim gear
and was wearing cut off jean shorts and a white sleeveless T-shirt.  I had already changed into the bikini that I had worn at
the sessions I described with Audrey.  It was pretty brief but
nothing like what Audrey had worn.  I yelled to Lucy who was
changing that I would be out by the pool.  In a few minutes she
joined me.  She had on a red one piece suit.  It was cut high at
the hips which made her legs look longer.  She had a broad ass
and hips.  Her best asset though was her boobs.  They were huge. 
With every move she looked like they would fall out of her suit.

She took a spot next to me on a beach towel and we chatted and
sipped wine from large goblets I had brought out.  Lucy was
pretty quiet and it took a while for her to feel easy in
conversation with what until a few hours ago had been a complete
stranger.  The wine seemed to help and in fact after little more
than and hour we had polished off a full litre of wine.  Most of
which had been Lucy's doing.

Lying on her stomach but propped up on her elbows, Lucy's big
boobs were a sight to behold.  I found myself on numerous
occasions staring into her cleavage.  I swore I could even see
her nipples.  Lucy noticed and asked if I liked her tits.  I told
her they looked like a real handful.  I added that I was sure
John enjoyed them.  She blushed and but for the drink in her
probably would have let the comment pass but admitted he liked
her boobs.

Now that the conversation had turned to my favourite subject,
"sex",  I asked her what she thought of my bathing suit.  As I
mentioned it wasn't anywhere as brief as Audrey's but it did
expose a fair bit of skin.  She said she had seen less in bathing
suits but told me it was too brief for her.  I used this opening
to describe to her my friend Audrey's suit.  The top of her suit,
I told Lucy, was nothing more than two patches held together by
string.  The bottom was equally daring because it barely covered
her pussy.  The back of the suit was so narrow that it had all
but disappeared into the crack of her ass I added.   Lucy said
she would love to be able to wear something like that but her
tits and ass were too big.  She was probably right on that point
I thought to myself, "But what would she look like with nothing
on at all?"
  
I told her that dressing in such a tantalizing way was a real
turn on for Audrey.  Lucy seemed interested in hearing more and
asked me to tell her more.  I proceeded to tell her about how
Audrey had acted the part of the French Maid at her husband's
poker party.  How she had showed the guys her most private parts
and than sucked off one of the guest.  All of a sudden it
occurred to me that her husband John had been there as well as my
Jim.  She told me that that explained why John had come home the
previous Saturday night all embarrassed with a wet spot on his
pants.

                        Lucy's Confession

I told her that Audrey was an exhibitionist and flaunting her sex
really turned her on.  That what she had done was one of her sex
fantasies and she had finally fulfilled it last Saturday.  I
turned to Lucy and asked if she had any sex fantasies.  Again I
must have hit the nail on the head.  Lucy blushed.  I was sure if
she hadn't had so much wine she would have cut the conversation
off.  Now, however she said she did have one.  I encourage her to
tell me promising that I would tell her mine if she would tell me
hers.  That seemed to be all she needed.  "O.K." she responded
and started to tell me about an episode when she was sixteen.

It seems even at sixteen she had a well developed bust line.  She
told me that a girlfriend had taught her how to tease the boys by
flaunting their bodies and giving them glimpses of their boobs. 
She told me it was neat to watch the boys squirming to conceal
their hardened cocks especially when they only had bathing suits
on.

This one Saturday when her parents were away for the weekend she
happened to be sunning by their pool when her eighteen year old
brother and a male friend decided to take a dip in the pool.  She
told me she was wearing a rather skimpy bikini which was really a
little small so her tits really looked like they would fall out. 
The guys had been drinking her father's beer and while not drunk
were certainly boisterous.  She knew they were watching her from
the other side of the pool and using her newly discovered teasing
skills decided to see if she could get them excited.  She said
she did some stretching exercises by the pool.  They were both
making loud comments about her body some of which were quite
obscene she said but she continued.  Finally she dived into the
pool and swan over to the edge of the pool nearest her brother
and his friend.

By this time she told me the big hardons the guys had were
obvious.  It flattered her to know that her body turned them on
so much.  As she rested her arms on the side of the pool, the
water magnified the size of her tits.  She told me that she
realized later that they were almost floating free of her bikini
top.  Both her brother and his friend were staring at them.

As she swam back to the other end of the pool both of the guys
dived in and raced to catch her.  They did about mid pool she
told me and when they had caught her she realized they intended
to rip her bathing suit off.  She grappled with them but her
brother had ripped her top off before she got away.  She managed
to get out of the pool and grabbing her beach coat for protection
of her modesty headed into the house.  As she ran she remembered
her boobs bouncing wildly as she held her beach robe to her
chest.  Her brother yelled to his friend, "Let's get her." and
she knew she was being chased.  "Enough was enough," she yelled
after her but they didn't stop them.  They caught up to her in
the living room and grabbed her.  While his friend held her from
behind by her arms her brother stripped her bikini bottoms off. 
Her beach coat had fallen to the ground so she was nude before
them.
  
She told me she was scared by this point.  She told them to let
her go but they seemed really intent on punishing her for teasing
them so.  Her brother grabbed her and held her face down on the
couch over his lap.  His friend began to spank her.  It stung she
told me but after a few minutes she told me she began to get
sexually excited.  Her brother's hard cock was sticking into her
stomach and her tits were being massaged by her back and forth
motion into the couch.  Finally there was a pause and her brother
released her.  She began to get up but as she did she realized
that what had happened so far was only the preliminary round. 
Her brother's friend had removed his bathing suit.  His cock
seemed enormous she told me.  She pleaded with them not to fuck
her.  She told them she was a virgin.  That didn't seem to slow
them done in the least.

Her brother grabbed her beach coat and removing the terry towel
belt tied her wrists together behind her back.  She struggled but
it was no use.  She was forced to her knees and the friend
stepped in front of her so his cock was inches from her face.  He
began to whip her face with it.  Her brother told him to "Fuck
her face," and he told me to open my mouth.  "I did as I was
told." she confessed.  The friend placed a hand over each of my
ears and directed my head so my mouth was against his cock.  He
told me to lick it.  "I didn't move."  she told me and she felt
her brothers heavy hand slap her tits.  She knew what she had to
do and began to lap at the shaft of his friends cock.  "Lick the
head" she was told and she told me she did as directed this time. 
She went on to tell me how she was forced to give the guy a blow
job something she had never done before.  All the time her
brother was egging his friend on and telling him to hurry up so
he could have his turn.

She told me she could feel her brothers hands all over her tits. 
He spent a lot of time teasing her nipples than he would pinch
them.  Each time he did she confided it sent a shiver of pleasure
right to her cunt.  She told me her mouth was becoming raw from
the fucking she was getting but not for long because the friend
released his load of come down her throat.  He continued to pump
her for a minute but his cock quickly softened.  He released his
grip on her head and slumped down in the couch.  She told me he
had let a tremendous load go and she had been unable to swallow
it all.  Some had drippled down her chin but she was powerless to
do anything.

Once his friend was finished her brother forced her to lick his
cock.  He was seated on the edge of the couch and it was awkward
for her with her hands behind her back to get down low enough and
keep her balance.  She found that by spreading her knees wide
apart and bending at the waist she could manage it though.  Again
she told me she was conscious of how her big tits swung as she
was forced to perform on her half drunk brother and his friend.

She told me she was really getting turned on being forced to
stimulate them this way.  The fact that she was being raped and
the sex was pretty rough she realized later only served to
heighten her excitement.  At this point she hoped one of them
would fuck her.  She told me she wanted to lose her cherry.

At this point her brother's friend had gotten up off the couch
and moved behind her, he was squeezing her ass cheeks roughly. 
They were already tender from her spanking but he his actions
only heightened her excitement.  She told me later he squeezed so
hard that she could still see his finger marks the next day.  As
if that wasn't enough he began to do the same thing to her
swaying boobs.  This she said brought her to new heights of
excitement.  She told me she was working hard on her brothers
prick and he rewarded her efforts with a load of his juices deep
in her throat.

He collapsed but his friend decided I needed to be fucked.  "He
was right about that."  Lucy told me.  He ordered her to get up
and to lie on her back on the floor.  It was awkward with her
hands tied behind her back so they untied her hands only to retie
them above her head to one of the legs of the couch.  Her brother
held her legs apart while his friend explored what she described
as her "aching cunt," with his fingers.  He was really rough
pushing and shoving two fingers into her virgin cunt she told me,
but it felt good and all she wanted was his hard cock.  His cock
was now erect and she got her wish.  Kneeling between her knees
he guided his prick to her cunt hole.  She told me that she
begged him to be gentle.  Of course he did the opposite, pushing
brutally his cock against her as yet unused cunt.  Several inches
penetrated   in his first thrust.  He pulled back a little and
pushed again this time harder.  She told me there was a good deal
of pain but she had been told by her friends she could expect it
the first time.  Her brother's friend persisted to brutally work
his cock into her and after a few thrusts was all the way into
her.

He fucked her hard she told me and the pain began to subside to
be replaced by pleasure.  He worked her hard and long.  Her hips
responded as she was to learn mother nature intended by meeting
his thrusts.  Just as he began to come she too went over the edge
of climax.  The guy collapse on top of her.

Her brother slapped his friends ass and told him it was his turn. 
His friend pulled his shrinking prick from me and his juices and
mine flowed from me onto my thigh and the rug.  My brother
grabbed me and flipped me over.  Remember Lucy told me, "My hands
were still tied above my head to one of the legs of the couch." 
Her brother grabbed her under the waist and lifted her lower body
so she was on her knees.  She moved forward so she was more
comfortable on her elbows.  Her brother forced her knees apart. 
She could feel him behind her.  He slapped her ass a few times
and than she could feel his big cock sliding between her cunt
lips from behind.  He was in her in one thrust.  He seemed even
bigger than his friend Lucy told me.  He grabbed her hips and
fucked her hard back and forth.  She told me she was in ecstasy. 
Never before had she felt so much sexual pleasure.   She began to
come shortly after he entered her.  It took a bit of doing on his
part but as she approached a second orgasm he came.  Her cunt she
told me contracted around his prick alternately with his thrusts
as she milked him of his load.  He finally leaned back and his
cock popped from her cunt.

The guys left her tied up and went to the kitchen to get more
beer.  When they returned she told me she had almost freed her
hands.  Her brother grabbed her and with the help of her friend
over her protests they carried her to her bedroom.  There they
laid her out on her double bed.  Using some of her stockings they
tied her spread eagle on her back on the bed.  Her arms were
stretched above her and tied one to each corner of the head
board.  Her ankles were similarly tied one to each corner of the
foot of the bed.  "I was totally exposed and vulnerable to what
ever they wished to do."  she told me.  From the way she said it
I sensed that she was excited about being taken advantage of in
such a way.

They flipped a coin to see who would fuck me first.  Her
brother's friend won and immediately slipped his hardened cock
into her she told me.  She went on to tell me how excited she got
and how despite being raped she couldn't stop from climaxing
twice before he again filled her cunt.  Her brother decided he
wasn't ready to fuck her.  He told his buddy to keep her engine
running and left the room.  The guy, Lucy told me fingered her
clit until she felt she would go through the roof.  Just as she
felt she was about to come though he stopped.  Her brother had a
big dildo and after forcing her to lick and suck on it he thrust
it into her cum filled cunt and fucked her until she pulsed again
in orgasm.

The guys decided they had had enough but wouldn't untie me. 
Instead they just shoved the dildo into my cunt and left me lying
tied to the bed.  I was terrified of being discovered by my
parents like this and pleaded with them to let me go.  "They told
me I had gotten what I deserved for being such a cock tease." she
told me.  "In that respect they were right," she admitted to me. 
"They left me to think about what had happened.  Thinking about
being so sexually brutalized seemed to make me hornier than
ever."
 
"Half an hour later I could hear my brother's friend leaving,"
Lucy told me.  "My brother came up to the room and began to untie
me.  After he untied my wrists he began to untie my ankles.  I
sat up and eased the dildo from my aching cunt.  He had his
bathing suit on again.  He apologized for what had happened.  I
told him I understood.  As I got off the bed I pressed my nude
body up to him and kissed him deeply.  I could feel his cock
beginning to respond.  I reached down and fondled his cock
through his bathing suit and then pushed it down.  I slipped to
my knees and taking his cock in my mouth brought him yet again to
orgasm.  This time though I was not being forced."

Lucy told me that never again did she or her brother get it on. 
She continued to have erotic fantasies about having rough sex
especially with more than one man.  I remembered Jim's video that
we had watched the night before and jumped up and told her that I
had something to show her.  She was right behind me as I inserted
the tape into our VCR and flipped on the TV.  If you like rough
sex I told her you'll really like this.

We sat quietly in our bathing suits as the video began.  I
watched Lucy out of the corner of my eye.  She was really caught
up in the video and I think it was really getting to her.  I
began to wonder what it would be like to make love to her.  When
it ended her face was flushed.  I asked her what she thought of
it.  At first she was speechless then she wanted to know how the
woman could have done it.  I misunderstood her at first and began
to explain that a lot of people get off on this sort of thing. 
She interrupted me and said "No.  How did she tie herself up on
the bed?"  I had thought about that dilemma before and rolled the
video back to that sequence.  It was apparent she must have put
on the gag, tied her ankles to the bed posts and then having tied
the ropes to the headboard using loops and slip knots bound her
wrists.  Lucy seemed fascinated.

As I finished my explanation Jim came in.  He announced that John
was waiting in the car for Lucy.  He had asked John if they could
stay for supper but he had begged off complaining that he and
Lucy had to go to his bosses place for dinner and they had to
hurry.  Lucy jumped up.  Apologized for having to rush off. She
got her clothes from the bathroom and disappeared out to John
waiting in the car.

                             Sex Toys

I fixed Jim and I some supper and as we ate he asked me what Lucy
and I had been up to.  I told him we had sun bathed and just
chatted.  He wanted to know more about what we had talked about
so I told him that I had told her about Audrey's exhibitionist
habit.  He wanted to know what she had thought of that and I told
him in detail how Lucy told me she had lost her cherry.  He was
getting pretty excited by now and we adjourned to the bedroom for
some physical relieve.

I remembered the sex toys I had borrowed from Audrey and went to
fetch them.  When I returned Jim was reclining on the bed, nude. 
He was flipping through an old copy of "Penthouse Letters" and
casually stroking an erection.  He stopped when I reappeared and
asked what I had in the bag.  I reached in and first thing I
produced was a vibrator.  I flipped it on and ran it over my face
and down my body still clad in my bikini.  It felt really nice. 
I reached over with it however and ran it down his chest and
stomach.  He watched the throbbing phallic symbol as I moved it
over his stomach.  I circled around his groin then placed under
his balls.  He moaned.  I took his hand and placed it on his
cock.  He knew what to do and as I watched he slipped his fingers
up and down his hardened cock.  I took his other hand and placed
it on the vibrator so he controlled it.

I stood back to watch as he stimulated himself.  I told him I
liked to watch him playing with himself.  I knew he liked to
watch me and I slipped my hand down the front of my bikini.  My
juices were beginning to flow and my clit was stiffening.  I
pulled my bikini top up over my tits and with my other hand
teased my nipples.  I stopped after a few minutes finding that my
bikini was in the way.  I took both the top and bottom off.

I reached into the bag and pulled out the big plastic cock that
Audrey had said she would loan me.  I sat down with my ass on the
edge in the big chair we have on our bedroom.  I placed each leg
up over the arms of the chair and leaned back.  In this position
I was wide open and I knew that Jim would be getting a real eye
full.  He watched me and as he did he continued to stroke his
cock and tease his balls with the vibrator.  I mockingly sucked
at the cock like I was giving it a blow job and after using it to
tease my nipples further slide it down to my waiting pussy.  I
slide the dildo up and down the slit of my cunt a few times and
then eased it into my juicy love tunnel.  Immediately I felt the
urgency of an approaching orgasm.  I concentrated on pleasing
myself with this tool thrusting it in and out.  I could scarcely
get enough of it.  The need for relief was becoming urgent and I
was rewarded with a really powerful orgasm.  When I regained my
breath I eased the dildo from my cunt.  It glistened with my
juices.  I looked over to Jim to discover that he had come all
over himself.  I got up and went over to him.  I licked his
fingers clean and put the dildo in his hands and told him to suck
it clean.  I might have expected him to rebel at the thought of
sucking a cock even if it was plastic but he didn't.  I licked
his come from his chest and cleaned his cock and balls with my
tongue.

Jim asked me where the toys had come from and I told him Audrey
had loaned them to me.  He wanted to know more but I was afraid
it would give away more of my story than I wanted to at this
time.  I wanted him to see our video first.  He finally relented
and we went to sleep.

To be continued


Dumb Wonder always enjoys comments.  Contact can be made at
dumbw@hotmail.com Those who make comments may enjoy advance
copies of this continuing saga. 




        Fun and Games - Part 8 - Kim Continues the Story

                         Cathy is Naughty

The next day was Sunday and Jim went off to play golf.  I cleaned
up the house and I discovered that Lucy had left her watch
behind.  I made a mental note to return it to her on Monday.  As
I was doing all this I got a call from my sister Cathy who was
passing through town.  Of course I invited her to spent the night
with us.

Cathy is fifteen about my height.  Her figure has really filled
out and is now fully developed.  She has honey blonde curly hair. 
She arrived at about four and we chatted.  When Jim got home we
ate dinner together and chit chatted some more over a bottle of
wine.  I wasn't feeling well so I excused myself and went up to
bed.  

It seems he and Cathy had talked until nearly eleven when she
said she was going to bed.  Jim came up and changed into his
housecoat and went back to watch the news on TV.  He had just
turned off the TV when Cathy reappeared.  I had slept for several
hours and was feeling better when I heard Cathy going down
stairs.  She didn't see me as I followed her quietly downstairs. 
She had on only a pale purple silk chemise which only reached
partly down her thighs.  It was tied at the waist but was
otherwise almost wide open.

Cathy's back was to me as she stood in the den talking to Jim.  I
kept out of sight.  Cathy asked him if he minded if they sat and
talked some more.  He commented on her lack of clothing and that
she really needed to put more on.  She told him she knew it was
naughty and she knew I would kill her if I ever found out she was
with him dressed like this.  Jim could see me hiding in the
shadows but didn't let on.  "You like to be naughty?" he asked. 
She smiled coyly and averting her eyes quietly replied, "Yes." 
"I see." Jim said and asked her if she was in the habit of
appearing in front of men so scantily dressed.  "No, but it is
nice to be naughty once in a while, isn't it?"  Cathy was sitting
in a chair opposite Jim with her legs spread apart slightly one
hand casually sliding up and down her thigh suggestively.  Every
once in a while she would run her hand over her upper chest and
the fingers would disappear beneath the chemise.  "What do you
like to do that is naughty?" Jim enquired.  She thought for a
minute and slide her chemise aside to reveal her lovely full
young breasts.  I knew Jim was getting really excited but he
continued the charade.  Cathy was teasing her nipples and they
quickly responded stiffening as she watched herself and Jim.

"What else would like to do that is naughty?" Jim asked.  "Well."
there was a long pause, " I could show you my panties." Cathy
responded coquettishly.  " Would you like to do that?" Jim again
asked. "Yea." was his throaty reply.  Jim directed her to stand
up and take off her chemise.  As she stood only feet from him,
she untied the belt and slipped it from her shoulders.  She
really has a delightful young figure.  Her breasts are large but
firm.  Her legs are well proportioned and she has a tight little
ass.  She was wearing now only a pair of high heeled shoes and a
lacy little G-string.  Jim directed her to turn around slowly and
he reached over and ran his hand over her ass.  She watched his
hand as it slide between her thighs and down her legs.  "It
really is very naughty of you to be showing me your panties." Jim
said, "But you like being naughty don't you?"  Cathy nodded.  Jim
commented on her lovely ass and how the thin strip of material
disappeared into the crack of her ass.  She said it made her feel
really sexy.

JIm waved her back to the chair where she had been sitting and
told her to have a seat.  They talked for a minute or two about
college all the while Cathy's hand was teasing her nipples. 
Eventually her hand descended down over her firm stomach and
slide between her thighs which had been spreading wider and
wider.  She began to casually stroke her pussy through her
panties.  Jim was of course watching her and she knew it.  "Do
you often play with yourself like this?" Jim asked.  "Only when
I'm by myself in bed." Cathy answered.  "It is really naughty for
me to be doing this in front of you.  Kim would kill me if she
were to find out."  I don't know if she knew I was watching but I
certainly wouldn't kill her, except with pleasure perhaps.

"Put your hand inside your panties." Jim told her.  She obeyed
and I could now hear squishing noises as she worked her cunt
juices.  "Tell me how you do it when your by yourself?" Jim
asked.  "Well," she began slowly, "I lock my door and lie on my
bed with my legs spread wide and nothing on." she said.  "I begin
by teasing my nipples until they are hard and then I slip my hand
down to my genitals and rub there."  "Tell me more?" Jim
interrupted.  "I get all juicy and slip one sometimes two fingers
into myself bringing the juices out to lubricate my fingers." 
"Do you like doing it?" Jim asked.  "Ohh Yes!" Cathy responded,
"It is really naughty but it really turns me on.  I can't help
it"

"Aren't you afraid of being caught?" Jim asked.  "My door is
always locked."  "But there is no door here and Kim could come
down and see you." Jim countered.  "She wouldn't, would she?" 
Cathy replied.  "But what if she did?" Jim asked.  Cathy continue
to slosh her fingers about inside her lacy G-string.  I could
tell she was really getting herself turned on.  "She'd probably
give me a real hard spanking for being so terribly naughty."  The
way she said it seemed to me she almost anticipated being
discovered and wanted to be spanked.

"Why don't you take off your panties and show me how naughty you
can be?"  Cathy stood up slowly and smiling at Jim began to slip
her G-string down her hips revealing her blonde bush.  Once
passed her thighs it dropped on its own to her ankles.  She
stepped out of it and with a flick of her leg flipped it towards
Jim.  He caught it and raised it to his nose and breath deeply. 
"Smells good enough to eat." he said.

She lay on her back on the floor facing Jim and spread her legs
wide apart.  "Can you see?" Cathy asked Jim, obviously concerned
that he be able to see exactly what she wanted him to see, her
cunt.  He nodded and she began to slid her hand along her inner
thighs coming to her open cunt.  She slipped a finger deep into
her cunt and groaned.  She was watching herself intently.  After
a few thrusts she withdrew her juice covered finger and slide it
through the inner lips of her cunt.  She moaned as she did this
and her fingers began to move faster and faster over her exposed
cunt flesh.  Her hips moved to meet her frenzied fingers.  Her
moans got louder and louder.  Her eyes were tightly closed as she
concentrated.  Her fingers moved more frantically and her body
began to tense.  Her hips stopped and she began to arch her back
so only her feet and shoulders remained on the floor.  With a
final loud groan she collapsed back onto the floor in orgasm. 
Her fingers slowed but kept up their stimulation of her cunt.

Jim was of course fascinated and scarcely noticed I had come into
the room to stand beside him.  Cathy, of course, was too caught
up in her own pleasure to notice me.  Finally she opened her
eyes.  There was a startled look on her face as she scrambled to
her feet and grabbed her chemise to cover herself.

I lit into her verbally calling her a slut and teenaged whore. 
She took all my verbal abuse without the least response or
indication of remorse.  Finally I ordered her onto the floor on
her hands and knees telling her she was going to be punished for
her deplorable behaviour.  Without a moments hesitation she
dropped to her knees in front of me and then her hands.  She
still had her high heel shoes on and I slipped them off her feet. 
Holding one by the heel I began to slap at her exposed ass.  She
groaned as each stroke left a red mark on one of her ass cheeks. 
Her tits swayed beneath her.  With each stroke she moved forward
away from my blows.  I ordered her to stay still but she was
unable to comply.  "If you keep avoiding your punishment I'll
have to tie you up." I threatened.  I resumed spanking her ass,
this time with my bare hand.  She flinched under each blow but
kept inching away.

I had been working on some macrame hangings and told Jim to cut
me some lengths of the thick cord I had been using.  I commanded
her to lie across our oak coffee table.  In this position her ass
was exposed on one side of the table while her tits hung on the
other.  Jim handed me several lengths of cord and I tied her
wrists to the legs of the table while Jim noting what was planned
tied her legs at the knees to the legs on the other side of the
table.  In so doing he forced her to spread her knees as far
apart as possible.  She was now at our mercy.  Both Jim and I
stood and looked at her displayed in this obscene manner.  Jim's
cock was protruding from his housecoat as hard as a rock and I
was getting turned on too.  What really surprised me as I looked
at Cathy was to see how turned on she was.  Each of her dangling
tits was crowned by a hardened nipple.  Her cunt was wide open
and her pussy lips were swollen and red.  Her inner cunt lips
were redder still and hanging distended from her open cunt.  She
must have been really turned on because I thought I could see
juices running from her cunt down her thighs.

I was intent now on spanking her in earnest a grabbed a foot and
half long wooden ruler from the desk and began to really wallop
her reddened ass cheeks.  Jim sat and watched and stroked his
cock.  With each swat Cathy moaned.  It sounded more of pleasure
than pain.  Her cunt was really leaking now and I stopped to look
around to see what I could shove up her cunt.

Through the doorway I could see the candles in the dinning room
and I went to fetch one.  It was an inch thick and like the one
Audrey had used on herself heavily grooved.  I took the candle
and ran it over Cathy's tits, then over her sensitive inner
thighs.  She moaned when I did it, her eyes closed tightly in her
pleasure.  Next I slide it between the lips of her cunt.  I
thought she was going to go off right then and there so I quickly
pulled it from her.  She looked around disappointed and begged me
not to stop.  Instead I shoved right up her cunt.  I probed her
for a minute with the phallic symbol as she thrashed about.

With it shoved deep into her cunt I stopped and picking up the
ruler began again her spanking.  Between wallops both Jim and I
could see the candle protruding obscenely from her cunt quivering
as her cunt throbbed with impending orgasm.  It wasn't long
before her body tensed and pleasures of orgasm pulsed through her
body.  The candle still stuck in her cunt fairly danced with her
contractions.

The whole thing to this point had stimulated Jim immensely as his
cock showed and I was equally turned on.  I need a cock in me and
soon.  I stepped back from Cathy and raising my short nightie
lowered my myself onto Jim's lap and waiting cock.  It didn't
take more than a dozen thrusts before I began to come and Jim was
right behind me.  When we finally regained our composure Cathy
had collapsed on the table.  She couldn't really see us.  She was
glistened with her sweat and Jim took mercy on her and began to
untie her.  Before he did he slipped his housecoat back on.  Jim
is a little self-concious.  I told her to get her ass up to bed
and this had better not happen again.  She knew from the tone of
my voice though that this was likely only to be the first of many
episodes involving discipline.  It was apparent she wanted it and
Jim loved watching it.  Even if I wasn't too keen on
administering it I knew finding someone who got off being a
dominantrix would not be hard.

We all went to bed and slept soundly.  The next morning was
Monday and Cathy thanked us for our hospitality and left for the
next leg of her trip.  

After Jim left for work I gave Audrey a call, and agreed to go
over to her house after lunch to have coffee with her and return
the sex toys she had lent us.  The conversation of course got
around to sex and what we had been up to since we had parted ways
Friday night.  I told her how Jim and I had fucked up a storm in
our front hallway and the video we had watched.  Audrey told me
that some women really got off on rough sex.  That was a perfect
lead in and I told her about John's wife Lucy whom she had not
met.  When I told her about Lucy's interest in Jim's video she
concluded that maybe Lucy was just such a woman.  When I think
back about Lucy's reaction to the movie I think Audrey was right. 
I also told her about my sister's exhibition and discipline.  The
more I think about it, I believe Cathy wanted me to discover her
and give her the spanking.  She likes physical pain with her love
making. 

                   Paul and Audrey are Punished
  
Audrey then told me about what she and Paul had been up to.  It
seems that Paul's forced exhibitionist behaviour while away had
been reported in confidence to his boss.  You'll remember that
over the phone with a little coaxing from Audrey, I forced Paul
to whack off before his open hotel room window.  We knew he had
been seen by some cleaning ladies but didn't expect they could
figure out who he was let alone report it, but someone had. 
Anyway Paul's boss had called him on the carpet Saturday morning. 
He threatened to fire Paul.  Paul apparently begged him not to
and said he would "do anything, so long as he wasn't fired."  
Paul's boss sent him home and said he would think it over.

When Paul got home he was very distraught and he told Audrey all. 
Later that morning Paul's boss had called.  He told Paul that he
had considered the matter and would overlook the incident if Paul
would perform one task for him.  It would involve Audrey he told
him.  Paul, Audrey told me, was relieved that there was a way to
save his job and readily agreed without asking what it was he had
to do.  "In that case," Paul's boss said, "the two of you be at
my house at 8:00 o'clock sharp tonight."  Audrey said that she
and Paul weren't sure what was up but Paul said they had to go
through with it.

At 8:00 o'clock as arranged they arrived at Paul's bosses
mansion.  There were several cars parked in the circular drive
when they arrived.  Paul seemed excited Audrey told me as they
waited for someone to answer the door.  Paul's boss's wife
ushered them in.  Audrey told me she had never met her before but
she looked familiar.  She was about forty five with dark curly
shoulder length hair.  She was well dressed in an evening dress
but was a little on heavy side she said.  Audrey told me she knew
she had seen her before but she wasn't sure where.  The woman
told them that they were having dinner with a few friends and
asked them to wait in the library.  Paul's boss appeared a few
minutes later.  Audrey described him as balding mid fifties with
a substantial stomach.

At first he was coy with them asking if Audrey knew why they were
here.  Audrey told him she knew everything.  He asked Paul if he
was still willing to "do anything to save his job."  Paul, Audrey
told me, gulped and said weakly, "Yes."  His boss said "Very well
then.  My guests and I are interested in some after dinner
entertainment.  You're a lovely young couple.  I am sure they
would appreciate it if they could watch you show us your intimate
affection for each other."  Audrey told me she just about fell
over in shock.  She had always thought of Paul's boss as so prim
and proper but he wanted to watch them fucking.  Audrey told me
she felt a rush of sexual excitement come over her and she knew
Paul would be equally excited by being forced to perform
sexually.  His boss said his guests would be finished dinner
shortly and he would summon them across the hall to the living
room when they were ready.  In the meantime we could help
ourselves to a drink from the bar.  He pointed in the direction
of a well stocked bar in the corner and left.

Audrey told me they gulped down a quick drink each without
speaking.  No sooner were they finished than she heard people
talking and moving in the hall.  A tense moment or two later
Paul's boss's wife stuck her head into the library and said they
were all ready for them.  Audrey said she was so pleasant and
proper it was hard to believe what was about to happen but she
must have known.

Paul gulped the rest of his drink down and taking Audrey's hand
they walked across the hall.  The living room was large with high
ceilings and tastefully furnished with antiques.  Besides Paul's
boss and his wife there were two other couples.  All were in
their late forties or early fifties.  The men all had pot bellies
and the women could stand to lose a few pounds Audrey said.  The
lighting was subdued.

Without a word Audrey and Paul moved to the centre of the room. 
Paul immediately took Audrey in his arms and began to kiss her
passionately.  She told me she could feel the fires stirring in
her immediately as his hands roamed over her back and ass.  His
cock was already hard pushing into her.  Audrey confided in me
that if it was a show they wanted she was more than happy to give
them something they would never forget.

She slide her hands under Paul's T-shirt and over his hard back. 
He did the same to her.  I was sure she wasn't wearing a bra and
I could feel a shiver run through me imagining her and Paul
performing sex in front of this audience.  She told me they
french kissed passionately for a few minutes as they groped
beneath each others shirts.  Finally he broke away from her and
stripped off his shirt.  He then helped her pull hers over her
head.  Audrey said you could hear the gasps from the men in the
audience when her tits were bared.

Paul stood before her and began to massage her big tits.  I felt
jealous.  Audrey said she was really getting excited and so was
Paul because a dark wet pre cum spot appeared on the crotch of
his jeans.  She decided to help him off with his pants and as he
continued to tease her nipples she unfastened his belt buckle and
unzipped his jeans.  She pushed them over his ass and down to the
floor.  It was the women in the audience this time who gasped.  I
heard one of them mumble something to someone about how hard and
how big he was, Audrey told me.

Paul stepped out of his underwear and jeans.  All he now had on
were his socks.  He now unbuckled Audrey's jeans and slipped them
to the floor.  Audrey told me she had a G-string on and both Paul
and the men she was sure appreciated the way it emphasized her
ass.  Paul continued to fondle her tits and kiss her frantically. 
Audrey told me she fondled his big prick with one hand while with
the other she massaged his ass.  Paul finally had to get his
hands on her pussy and reaching down slipped her G-string down
off her hips.  When he was finished removing her mock panties he
flipped her around so she was facing the audience.  Immediately
they realized she had shaved her cunt and again murmurs of
appreciation went up from the audience.

Paul wanted to show her off to the audience and standing behind
her began to massage her tits with one hand and her pussy with
the other.  Audrey told me she spread her legs as wide as she
dared to allow him better access and her audience to see what he
was doing.  Audrey said she could feel an orgasm coming on and
simply let herself go.  As her body tensed she could hear one of
the women in the audience tell someone that she was going to
come.  Sure enough Audrey said she went off like a rocket.  Paul
continued to massage her sopping cunt in view of the audience and
she said she would have come again but she felt Paul deserved
some relief.

She told me she got on her knees and took his cock in her mouth. 
At first she only licked around the mushroom shaped head of his
hard prick but after a moment began to take him deeper and deeper
until he was all the way into her mouth and fucking her orally. 
She knew he wouldn't take long and he went off with a groan in
her throat.  She told me she tried to hold his come in her mouth
but some dribbled down her chin.  She released his cock and moved
up to kiss him with his come in her mouth.  He took it from her
and they each were able to swallow some of his love juices.

Paul was not finished though and he pushed Audrey gently down on
the floor and spreading her legs wide began to eat her out. 
Audrey told me he had her going in no time and she began to
orgasm as he lapped her clit.  She wanted to give him more and
once she had regained some of her composure she shifted around so
they were in a sixty nine and she had his cock in her mouth.  At
first he was limp she told me but he began to respond and swell
as she licked his cock.  Again she could feel herself close to
coming and she had to have his cock in her.  She released his now
hardened cock and told him to "Fuck me hard!"  He wasted no time
and climbed between her outstretched legs as their audience
watched.

He worked himself in and out of her, she told me but he couldn't
seem to hit the right spot so they rolled over with her now on
top controlling the pace.  She told me she sat right up and
methodically raised her hips up and down on his prick, her boobs
bouncing as she did.  She could feel herself coming yet again and
increased the pace until she went off.

Paul was getting desperate for relief by now and pushed her off
and motioned for her to get on her hands and knees.  She took up
the position and he proceeded to slip into her cunt from behind. 
He loved to fuck her that way she told me and she knew he
wouldn't be long getting his load off.  She too could sense her
impending climax but Paul went off before she could.  He
collapsed on the floor behind her exhausted so she told me she
gave Paul's bosses guests one last show and with her legs wide
apart fingered her cunt and clit using Paul's cum as a lubricant.

She told me that knowing her performance was being appreciated
really turned her on and she came and came.  When she did orgasm,
the audience broke into prolonged applause.  She and Paul picked
up their clothes and retreated across the hall to the den and got
dressed.  A few minutes later Paul's bosses wife appeared thanked
them and saw them to the door.  She seemed anxious to get back to
the others Audrey told me and we both knew why.

Audrey said she found the whole thing very exciting.  I wasn't
surprised because I knew she was a real exhibitionist.  She said
that it was the best sex she had had since she had made her first
video with Emma.  All of the sudden her face lit up.  "I know
where I saw Paul's bosses wife before!" she exclaimed.  "She made
that really hot video with a young stud at Emma's studio when
Paul, Sue and I watched."  She kept mumbling about having to tell
Paul.

Audrey asked me how Jim was and how he had enjoyed the show that
she and Paul had put on for him on our trip back from the
airport.  I told her it was a real turn on and how I had scarcely
been able to make it to the house before he fucked me.  I
mentioned that it was his birthday on Wednesday and I had yet to
find him a suitable birthday present.  "Why don't you show him
the tape that Emma made for us?" she suggested.  That sounded
like an excellent idea but Emma didn't have it ready yet I told
her because she hadn't called.  Audrey said she would call Emma
to see if it would be ready and while I waited she did.  She was
back in a moment to say Emma was almost finished and would
deliver it tomorrow morning.  That solved that problem.

Audrey said she had another idea too.  "Why don't you give him a
sexy romantic dinner before he sees the tape?  Audrey was full of
great ideas.  She told me she even had the right outfit for me to
wear.  She excused herself and returned a few minutes later
dressed in a very pretty pale blue cocktail dress.  The back
consisted of the two straps which came over her shoulders and
reached down to her waist at her ass.  Each strap was only an
inch wide.  There were no sides to speak of.  In the front it
dipped low to expose half her lovely breasts.  Down the front
were small buttons which extended right to the waist.  The skirt
portion was full and hung elegantly.  She stood and I admired
her.

Audrey pointed out that I could undo as many buttons as I dared
and proceeded to show me by slowly undoing them beginning at the
top.  As she did the dress changed.  The front above the buttons
seemed to become part of the narrow straps holding the dress up
by the time she had undone the last, what was left above the
waist seemed to be the two inch wide straps.  Of course each
barely covered her nipples let alone her boobs.  I am sure if she
bent over at all they would be totally exposed.  I knew Jim would
get really excited seeing me wear this.

That wasn't all though.  Audrey told me the bottom of the dress
also had a surprise.  She reached down and pulled several Velcro
fasteners apart and stood up again.  There seemed to be no change
in the fullness of the skirt but when she sat down on a stool
that was a different story.  The dress was slit to the waist in
the front so that without the fasteners the material fell to the
side to expose her legs and everything else right to her waist. 
Had she not been wearing a G-string I would have been able to see
her pussy.  This would drive Jim wild I told Audrey.  She told me
I could borrow it for tomorrow and left the room to take it off.

When Audrey returned I remembered the original purpose I had come
over and gave Audrey the bag of sex toys.  "We really enjoyed
them." I told her.  "I knew you would." she replied.  When I had
come over I had every intention on making love with Audrey but
despite the hot talk of sex I was anxious to get over to Lucy's
to drop off her watch before dinner because it was getting late.  
I gave Audrey a big kiss as we parted.  I could feel the familiar
ache in my pussy and it was all I could do not to return to her
house and make love to her.  Never the less I drove over to
Lucy's house.  I should have called ahead but decided to take a
chance on her being home.  I figured I was in luck when I pulled
up in front of her house and her car was parked in the driveway.

                    Lucy's Nasty Little Secret
  
I walked up to the front door and rang the doorbell but there was
no answer.  I thought maybe Lucy was out the back and wandered
around to her back yard.  She was no where to be seen but I
noticed that the back door to the house was wide open, only the
screen being closed.  This seemed strange so I went into her
kitchen and called out for her.  Still no answer.  Just as I was
about to leave I noticed a note taped to the tiffany lamp over
the kitchen table.

The note was addressed to John, Lucy's husband.  "I'm yours," it
said, "I'm upstairs. Come and take me any way you want."  It was
obviously from Lucy.  My curiosity was running rampant.  I had to
find out what was up so I quietly went upstairs.  When I peered
into the master bedroom I had the surprise of my life.  There,
tied spread eagled on the bed and nude was Lucy.  She was moaning
something but because she was gagged I couldn't make it out.  I
began to understand the significance of the note.  Lucy was using
as a model the opening sex bondage scene of the video she and I
had watched the previous Saturday.

I'm sure she hadn't expected any visitors when she tied herself
up for John's benefit but there was little she could do about it
now.  She was helpless.  For a moment I just looked her over.  I
don't know how to express the look in her eyes.  It seemed to be
both embarrassment and excitement.  Her boobs were full and stood
above her chest.  Her thighs were full.  Her pubic hair was curly
and matched the red curly hair on her head.  Her cunt was open
between her outstretched legs.  She must have used slip knots to
tie her wrists as we had discussed had been done in the video. 
She was available for whatever I wanted to do.

I started to tell her that she was quite a sight.  I also told
her that she had not had time to hear on Saturday about my sexual
fantasies.  I sat on the edge of the bed and casually stroked her
thigh as I told her that Audrey had introduced me to the joys of
sex with another woman.  I could see her eyes open even wider as
I spoke.  I had worked my hand up her thigh and commented as I
passed it over her pussy how soft her skin was.  I toyed with her
boobs and teased her nipples.  "You know what I really like to
do?" I asked her.  "I like to suck pussy."  Of course she was
helpless to answer.

I proceeded to tell her that she looked good enough to eat and
began to undress.  She watched me as I disrobed and told her how
I was going to make her come and come.  When I finished I stood
beside the bed and made her look right at my hairless pussy.  I
stroked my cunt and slipped a finger deep into my love hole.  I
then rubbed my juice covered finger over her face and lips.  Her
eyes were on fire.  I was all set to eat her out when I got the
idea of shaving her cunt as Audrey had.  I left Lucy and went
into their ensuite bathroom looking for a razor.  Sure enough
Lucy's electric razor was on the counter.  I grabbed a towel and
went back to the bedroom.

Lucy had a puzzled looked on her face when she saw the razor.  I
took the towel and told her to lift her ass up.  I slipped it
beneath her ass and plugged the razor in.  As I moved towards her
Lucy realized what was about to happened and she moaned through
her gag in protest.  I told her to be still and slide the buzzing
razor over soft belly towards her dense red curly hairy cunt. 
The curls went in all directions.  In a matter of minutes she was
as hairless as the day she was born.  I must admit that the sight
of a bald pussy is exciting.  I knew I was getting wet  

I climbed onto the bed and knelt over her so one knee was on
either side of her head.  I was facing her cunt and I reached
down and stroked her cunt for a moment.  Her hips began to move
and her clit stiffened and emerged from between her cunt lips.  I
lowered my head and began to lap at her cunt.  Her body tensed as
soon as I touched her clit.  She was turned on and I had barely
touched her.  I moved away from her clit and slurped at her the
opening to her cunt.  She was really juicy and her hips moved
more insistently than ever.  My tits hung down and grazed her
belly as I worked.  My nipples were being teased and I knew they
were hard.  Lucy's body began to thrash about as she was neared
orgasm.

I slowly stopped what I was doing and raised myself up so I was
on my knees above her face again.  I slid my hand down over my
belly until I reached my throbbing pussy.  I wasn't surprised to
find my cunt was really juicy too.  I needed attention and began
to stroke my cunt just inches above her face.  I lowered my self
and ground my cunt on her face.  She was moaning through the gag. 
What I really wanted was her tongue on my clit.  I got off her
and removed the gag.  As I did, I told her I wanted her to lick
my cunt.  She nodded in agreement.  She gasped for breath when
finally free and pleaded with me to eat her cunt some more.  I
climbed on top of her as before and began to lap her cunt.  This
time though I lowered my hips so she could lick my cunt too.  Her
tongue on my cunt sent spasms through me.  It was difficult to
continue lapping her when I was so close to coming but I wanted
her to come first.  It was almost a race to see who would come
first.  She won.  I had to stop slurping her cunt as contraction
after contraction swept from my pussy through my body.

When I regained myself I lifted myself off her.  She pleaded with
me to bring her off but I told her she could wait.  After all
what choice did she have.  I went back to playing with her
nipples.  They were as hard as the eraser on the end of a pencil. 
I leaned over and sucked on them and made them harder than ever. 
Lucy moaned and begged me to bring her off.  I reached down to
her twat and diddled her clit for a moment.  Her hips began to
arch off the bed.  I stopped.  She was beside herself with
frustration.

Just then the phone rang.  I wanted to make sure Lucy didn't
interrupt the phone call but I couldn't find the gag she had had
in her mouth when I discovered her so I stuffed my panties in her
mouth.  It was Lucy's husband John on the phone.  He wanted to
tell Lucy that he would be an hour late getting home.  He
recognized my voice and I told him I would pass on his message. 
Lucy had heard it all.  It was just as well that John had called
because it meant I had more time to enjoy Lucy.

I figured she probably had a vibrator or dildo around so I
checked the drawer of her beside table.  Sure enough there was
both a vibrator and the biggest plastic cock I had ever scene.  I
took the vibrator and turned it on.  As I stood before Lucy I ran
it over my tits and down between my legs.  I had to stop before I
lost control though and came.  I moved over beside Lucy and ran
the throbbing phallic symbol over her heaving boobs and stomach. 
She moved her body as best she could to get the most from the
vibrator.

I decided it was time for the dildo and switched off the vibrator
and grabbed the plastic cock.  I must have been at least two
inches thick and ten inches long.  I stroked it and slide it down
to my own dripping cunt.  I wasn't ready to take anything that
big.  It was covered in my juices though and I ran it over Lucy's
tits teasing her nipples to erection and than slide it down to
her gapping, dripping cunt.  As I slipped it over her cunt lips
and clit she moaned and her hips thrust up to meet it.  I pushed
it hard against the entrance to her cunt and I was surprised how 
easily she took it.  I began to work it in and out of her cunt
until she had almost all of it in her on my inward thrusts.  I am
sure if she didn't have my panties shoved in her mouth she would
have been screaming in pleasure, all that came from her were
muffled moans.

Her hips moved to meet the impaling I was giving her.  Every time
I pulled the cock almost from her it glistened with her juices
and I could clearly see her cunt open up.  Her clit had grown in
size.  I reached down with a finger and teased it while I
continued to fuck her.  She went into the throes of orgasm.  She
came and she came and she came.  I thought she would never stop. 
Eventually she did though and I pulled the dildo out.

It was time for me to go because I knew John would be home soon
and I didn't want to spoil his surprise.  This would make a great
story for Jim I only wished I could have seen Lucy like this.  I
was getting my clothes back on, except my panties which I left
stuffed in Lucy's mouth when I noticed a Polaroid camera on the
top shelf in Lucy's closet.  Maybe Jim couldn't be here but I
could take some pictures.  I got the camera.  Lucy's eyes showed
that she wasn't happy with what she knew I was about to do but
again she didn't have a choice.

I snapped a shot first of Lucy tied on the bed.  I then took a
closeup side shot of her big tits and erect nipples.  Next I
zoomed in for a closeup of her hairless cunt.  When the picture
developed I was amazed at how clearly you could see her clit cunt
lips and the pussy juices which still dripped from her cunt.  I
needed one last shot and took the still glistening dildo and
shoved it partially into her cunt.  I took a picture of her in
this mode too.  I knew Jim would love it.  I gave Lucy a big kiss
and told her to call me in the morning.  I left her tied as I had
found her but with my panties in her mouth and the dildo half in
her cunt for John to find.

As I hurried down the stairs I heard a car it the driveway.  It
was John.  I passed him in the driveway and told him Lucy was
waiting for him but not to miss her note in the kitchen.  He
seemed a little puzzled but I just smiled imagining what would
happen.

When I got home Jim was already there.  The day after tomorrow
was his birthday and thanks to Audrey I had everything figured
out to make it extra special for Jim.  Sex was the obvious answer
but what would be special.  I hoped Emma's tape of Audrey and I
engaged in lesbian sex would be ready.  I had the pictures I had
just taken of Lucy which I am sure would fire up Jim but they
weren't special enough to be considered on their own to be his
birthday present.  Jim didn't seem interested in much more than
supper and going to bed to read.  That was okay by me I wanted
him in great shape for tomorrow evening to begin his birthday
celebrations. 

The next morning I told him he should be home on time because I
wanted to start his birthday party early.

Shortly after Jim left, Lucy phoned.  I immediately asked her how
the previous evening had gone with John.  "Alright." was all she
volunteered at first until I probed.  It turned out that John had
found her tied up as planned but all he did was quickly fuck her
and release her.  She was almost in tears as she told me this. 
She was obviously very disappointed.  She burst out that she had
wanted him to be rough and rape her but he didn't seem to be
willing to fulfil her fantasy.  I apologized for my treatment of
her but she told me that was the only saving grace in her
evening.  She confessed that my treatment had caught her off
guard but she enjoyed it immensely.  The door bell rang at this
point and I told her I would call her back later.

It was Emma stopping by to deliver the video tape.  I invited her
in and we sat in the kitchen and had coffee.  As we talked the
subject of Lucy came up.  I confided to Emma that what Lucy
needed was to be raped by two or three young hard studs.  "She
likes it rough." I told her.  Emma told me that it might surprise
me but she thought she would be able to help.  She said she often
provided men and women for people who came to her to make special
videos.  She was sure she could find several young men to fulfil
Lucy's fantasy if required.  I really liked Lucy and Emma's offer
sounded like just the ticket.  Emma told me she would make some
phone calls and arrange it.  We agreed that she would try to set
up something for Thursday which was only two days away.  After
she left I phoned Lucy back and asked her to come over for coffee
Thursday.  I hoped that Emma would come through.

I planned the romantic dinner at home for Jim that Audrey had
suggested and I had the dress she had loaned me.  Things were
really coming together well.  I kept thinking about the tape that
Emma had left and I was dying to look at it.  I wanted to keep it
for Jim and I to share but the temptation became irresistible and
I finally succumbed after lunch.  I slipped it into the VCR.

                       Preview of the Video

The video opened with some soft music and Audrey and I reclining
beside her pool.  Audrey's bathing suit left very little to the
imagination.  The top of mine was nothing more than two patches
held together by string.  The bottom was equally daring.  It was
just as well she kept her pussy shaved bare because it was barely
covered.  The back of the suit was so narrow that it had all but
disappeared into the crack of her ass.  The video showed me lying
on my stomach beside the pool.  

After some meaningless chit chat Audrey offered me some sun tan
oil and asked me to do her back.  In order to do her back better
she untied the top of her bikini.  In the video she even told me
not to forget my ass.  I was amazed at how realistic the video
seemed considering our amateur status as actors.  Her bikini
bottom was in the way and she reached down to her side and pulled
the tie loose so the back of the bikini too fell away.  She even
told me not to forget the insides of her thighs as they burned
really easily.  I didn't remember it but on the video you could
see Audrey was getting turned on.  

In the video just as had happened Audrey now offered to do my 
back and so I lay down on the towel.  She didn't bother to
refasten her top or bikini bottom and you could see I was
watching her out of the corner of my eye.  She took the oil and
applied some to my back.  She massaged it in.  It wasn't long
before she had to deal with the strap holding my bikini top. 
Without asking she released it, telling me it was in the way. 
She continued to massage my back with the oil covering my
shoulders and sides.  In the video you could clearly see my boobs
squashed against the towel but their fullness was evident.  She
worked back down my back until she came to my bikini bottom.  I
remember I had been really nervous about what was going on and
yet I was getting really sexually excited.  She skipped over my
ass and worked some oil into the backs of my legs.  I remember
her spending considerable time massaging my inner thighs which
only served to excite me further.  In the video I moaned.  She
told me to slip my bikini bottom off so she could do my ass.  In
the video I protested but she told me not to be silly.  I lifted
my mid section off the towel and she slid my bikini bottoms down
to my ankles.

She took some oil and spread it on my ass.  She then put one leg
over my back so she was facing my feet, her bare pussy resting on
the small of my back.  I was unaware until now that during this
whole experience I had been opening my legs further and further
until now they were spread a couple of feet apart.  No wonder
Audrey felt encouraged to continue what was becoming a very
intimate massage. 

She set about in earnest working the oil over the backs of my
legs and running her hands up my inner thighs to the very edge of
my pussy.  The camera followed every move of her hands.  Whenever
Audrey slide her hands towards my ass I could see I squirmed in
anticipation but she continued to tease me and slide her hands
back down my legs.  I watched in amazement as she slide a well
oiled finger down the crack of my ass and over my asshole.  The
video picked up my moaned and Audrey repeated the probing of my
asshole.  I knew I was turned on when she had done it but I
couldn't believe how my squirming hips gave me away.  I was
really turned on as well.

In the video Audrey told me to roll over and taking some oil she
knelt between my legs and lathered my stomach.  She began to
massage my big breasts first.  Every time she passed a finger
over my hardened nipples I groaned.  My hips were rotating and
she slide one hand down over my pussy and down my leg beneath
her.  I moaned for her to, "Do me."  I am sure she was playing to
the camera when she played dumb and asked me what I meant.  I
know I was getting desperate and told her to, "Finger me."  The
camera caught it all.  Again she played ignorant.  I could see
myself grabbing her hand and placing it on my pussy and guided
her hand up and down over my cunt.  Her well oiled finger slide
between the swollen outer lips of my hairless pussy.  The camera
zoomed in for a close up and watching this I found myself getting
as turned on as I had been in the show.

On screen I began to moan and thrash about.  Audrey slipped two
fingers into my cunt and with her thumb teased my hardened clit. 
In moments I cried out, my hips rising off the towel as I came. 

She continued to massage my cunt and I could see myself
convulsing on the screen.  I couldn't believe how hot and
bothered I was becoming watching myself on screen.  I had
unconsciously reached inside my jeans and was sliding a finger
between the swollen lips of my cunt.

Just then the phone rang beside me.  I switched the sound down on
the TV and picked it up.  It was Jim.  He wanted to tell me that
because tomorrow was his birthday, his boss had given him the day
off.  That was wonderful.  He wanted to know what I was up to.  I
told him I was watching a special video which was a present for
him and that it was very exciting.  His voice tensed and went
quiet as he asked me if I was playing with myself.  "What do you
think?" I asked him.  He told me he was as hard as a rock.  I
told him good because I liked him that way.  I also told him not
to lose his load. "I needed it."  I was again fingering my cunt
as we spoke and told him so then hung up.  I knew his knowing
what I was doing would really excite him.  

I turned the sound back up on the TV.  The video had rolled along
to the point where I was fingering Audrey off and she had a
screaming orgasm.  I had missed the part where I had given Audrey
a massage in same way she had given me one but I was anxious to
see the next scene.  The video now switched to the two of us in
her shower.  Here the video showed us kissing passionately,
rubbing our hairless cunts together and Audrey eating me out.  I
was fingering my cunt like mad and came in a tremendous rush.

I knew the rest of the tape would deal with Audrey and I using
some sex toys but it was getting late and I had lots of things to
do.  In fact my fingers had at least temporarily sexually
satiated me.

                     Birthday Dinner for Jim

I had a leisurely bubble bath.  Afterwards I decided I had better
shave the stubble developing around my pussy.  Jim was really
turned on the totally nude look that Audrey had introduced me
too.  I was really horny in anticipation of what I expected to be
great sex.  It took a fair bit of discipline to keep from
fingering myself off again.  I put on a housecoat and began to
prepare the meal and set up the table for a romantic dinner.

Everything was perfect when Jim arrived home about five.  He gave
me a passionate kiss and fondled my ass.  He pushed his groin
against me and I could feel his cock hard already.  He told me he
couldn't wait to see the tape he knew I had been watching.  I
told him it would have to wait until after dinner.  I told him to
pour himself a drink and I would join him in a minute as soon as
I got dressed.

I went upstairs and put on the dress that Audrey had loaned me. 
It fit me like a glove.  Of course I couldn't wear a bra with it
and I purposely omitted putting any panties on.  I slipped on
some matching stockings and high heels and touched up my hair and
makeup then looked at the result in the mirror.  My straight
blonde hair just touched my shoulders.  The curves of my figure
were amplified by the dress but concealed modestly the real me
beneath.  I had the buttons done up the front so that just enough
cleavage showed to be tempting.  The skirt was full and the
hidden front slit  didn't show.  I turned to look at my bare back
in the mirror.  From the back it almost looked as if I had
nothing on above my waist only the inch wide straps indicated I
had a top on.  I sat on my dressing table stool.  With the Velcro
fastened, the slit was invisible.

I went back to the den where Jim as reading the paper.  He looked
up when I came in and oohed at me.  I knew he liked what he saw
and that made me happy.  I turned slowly to show myself from all
angles.  I knew too that the sight of my bare back would tease
him further.  I told him I'd get myself a drink and be right
back.  I poured myself a drink in the kitchen and before
returning to Jim I undid the top button of the dress.  As I
passed the mirror in the hall I could see that my cleavage was
fully visible now.  I slipped a hand under my dress and teased my
nipples until they were erect.  In this state they showed through
the dress.

Jim again oohed when I returned although I am not sure he
realized I had undone a button.  I sat down in a chair opposite
him and he asked about my day.  I told him today hadn't been as
exciting as yesterday and he wanted to know more.  His drink was
empty so I told him to refresh it and I'd explain.  While he was
gone I undid another button.

When he was settled I told him about my visit with Audrey the day
before and what she and Paul had done the previous Saturday night
for Paul's boss, his wife and friends.  Jim hung on every word. 
I could see his cock getting harder and harder through his pants. 
By the end of the story he had his hand in his lap stroking
himself slowly.  I am sure he would have fucked me right then and
there but I had other plans and beside dinner was almost ready. 
I excused myself and told him to finish his paper before dinner. 
As I passed by his chair on the way to the kitchen he grabbed my
leg with one hand and reached up and squeezed my tit.  I
admonished him and told him to wait.  "It will be worth it." I
told him 

I finished a few things in the kitchen and yelled to him that
dinner was ready.  I heard him opening some wine in the dining
room as I brought in the food.  Before going into the dinning
room I undid another button of course.  Now there was only one
button to undo and the dress was open to my belly button.  The
front of the dress had opened up and in fact it seemed to only
two straps each two inches wide.  They barely covered half my
tits now.  When I bend over to put the food on the table I
thought they would fall free.  Jim's eyes were riveted on my
boobs.

I had the dinning room all set for a romantic dinner.  The
lighting was subdued and I had two candles on the table.  Our
table is something special.  It is about five feet long with thin
wooden legs but the top is made of a slightly smokey plate glass. 
I had small placemats for each of us but apart from them you
could see right through the table.  I had Jim seated at one end
and I was at the other.

When I had served us and taken a seat Jim complimented me on the
dress.  I told him it was on loan from Audrey.  Jim was becoming
increasingly familiar with Audrey's fetish for exhibitionism so
he understood why the dress was so daring.  With that I stood up
and undid the last of the buttons on the front of the dress.  The
front of the dress as I mentioned before now became only two inch
wide strips reaching from my shoulders to my waist.  Each strip
covered my nipples but there was no cover for most of my tits. 
If I were to bend over my tits would surely break free.  "Very
nice" was all that Jim could say and I sat down to eat my meal. 
He watched me through the main course constantly.  Every time I
reached for my wine glass or something from the table I felt sure
my boobs would spring free.  Jim was hoping they would too, I
could tell.  When it came to our salad the dressings were at his
end of the table and I asked him to pass them.  He looked me
straight in the eye and told me that I could reach them.  It was
a dare and I leaned over the table to get them.  I knew that this
would be too much and watched him and smiled as I stretched over
the table.  I could feel first one than the other of my tits
spring free.  As I sat back in my seat I did nothing to cover
myself up.  Jim told me later it was all he could do not to
abandon his meal and rape me on the spot I looked so inviting. 
The pale blue strips were now running down my chest but outside
my boobs only served to push them together a little and frame
them.

It was time for dessert and another surprise for Jim.  I cleared
away the plates and went to get the chocolate mousse I had
prepared.  While in the kitchen I released the Velcro fasteners
on the lower part of my skirt.  I returned to the dinning room
and gave Jim his dessert.  I refilled our wine glasses before
siting down.  In doing so I bent low over the table my tits
swaying as I did.  I know he liked what he saw but couldn't wait
to see what he thought about what he was about to see.

I sat down and new immediately my skirt had opened as designed. 
I could feel the cool air now on my upper thighs as the skirt
material fell off my lap.  I was now exposed from my waist down. 
It took Jim a few minutes to realize what had happened but when I
caught him gazing through the table at my legs I knew he had.  I
looked at him and slowly opened my legs so he could see my pussy
more clearly and calmly finished my dessert as if nothing had
happened.  I could see his hand in his lap stroking himself as he
watched me quietly and finished his dessert.

One of the things I really like after a heavy meal is something
refreshing to clean my teeth.  I had some celery sticks in a bed
of ice chips on the table for just such a purpose.  I took one
and sensually placed it between my lips.  I mockingly licked it
up and down then sucked on the end.  There was no mistaking what
I was pretending to do.  Finally I took a big loud crunching bit
from the end. I took another one and used it to tease already
erect my nipples even more.  The celery was cold and my nipples
tensed.  Jim watched intently as I went from one to the other and
back again.  I now took the celery and slide it down to my pussy. 
I slipped it between the lips of my cunt.  The hollow groove was
towards me and cupped my clit as I slide it up and down between
the outer lips of my wet cunt.  The sensation was unreal.  I was
beginning to lose control.  I eased up and asked Jim if he would
like some celery.  He nodded so I passed him the piece I had been
using to tease myself with.   He licked it clean of my juices and
sensuously began to lick my juices from than noisily ate it all
the while looking at me.

I took the largest piece of celery now and lowered it to my cunt. 
After a few preliminary strokes of my outer cunt with it I
shifted in my chair and slide the largest end into my cunt.  It
was really cold and this served to intensify the pleasure it gave
me. I slide it in and out several times while Jim watched me then
removed it and offered it to Jim.  He took it and again proceed
to lick it clean and eat it all.

I asked him if he would like a special after dinner dessert as
his eyes followed my hand back to my pussy.  He said, "Why not?" 
"Well get your ass over here." I ordered.  He was over in a flash
and on his knees between my legs.  He knew instinctively what to
do.  He began to chew on the celery sticking from my cunt.  Each
time he took a bit of it I could feel the vibration in my pussy. 
I was getting higher and higher until he took the last piece from
my cunt with his teeth.  I watched as he chewed it up and
swallowed it.  He then began to lap at my cunt.  He licked my
cunt juices up then teased my clit with his tongue.  It was too
much I went off with a groan.  All the time I was orgasming, Jim 
kept up the lap of my cunt.  I must have gone on for some time
but I finally had to push him away.  I suggested he get changed
while I cleared off the table and meet me in the den.  He did as
directed and I yelled at him to put on what I had layed out on
the bed for him.

                  Pure Sex -  Visual and Written

In ten minutes we were in the den.  I had removed what was left
of the dress by then and brought in glass and a bottle of
Drambuie for us.  Jim had on the loose beach top I had set out
for him to wear.  Without anything else on it barely made him
decent.  Certainly if he bent over at all or sat down his cock
and ass were exposed, which is the way I like him.  I told him I
had a special video for him to watch and that it was a birthday
present.  As he poured us each a liqueur I started up the video
and snuggled up beside him.  I had seen the first part of the
tape that afternoon but it was all knew for him.  I reached over
and fondled his balls and cock as we watched the opening scenes
with Audrey and I massaging each other in our skimpy bikinis. 
Jim was mesmerized as I knew he would be.

His cock was as rigid in moments.  When we got to the part where
Audrey was oiling me and fingering my pussy to orgasm, Jim I
sensed, was nearing orgasm.  I stopped fondling his cock and
instead started fingering my sloppy cunt.  Every time I withdrew
my fingers from my cunt there would be loud sloppy noises.  I was
really juicing up.  I had to stop working my cunt or I would
come, so I leisurely slid my juice covered fingers over my
hardened nipples.  It felt delicious.

When we got to the part where Audrey and I made love in the
shower I resumed fondling Jim's cock with my now slippery
fingers.  It was too much for him.  He went off with a loud
groan.  His come shot two feet in the air.  He seemed to pulse
between my fingers for ever but eventually the pace slowed and
his cock softened.  I continued to milk his cock but he was now
too sensitive and he pushed my hand away.

We continued to watch the video.  It had now progressed to the
point where Audrey and were fucking each other with the dildos. 
Jim finger fucked my cunt while I stroked my clit.  As I watched
Audrey and I climax on the screen, I too went over the top.  When
I regained control of myself the video ended.

I asked Jim what part he liked best.  He said it was all good.  I
remembered the letters that Audrey had said we should read.  I
retrieved them quickly and Jim and I nestled together to read the
first as Jim turned the pages.  They were unbelievable.  I won't
go into them in detail because I am sure your readers will have
read them but they sure got Jim turned on and me too.  By the
time we were part way through the first one Jim's cock was at
attention again.  I stroked him for a while then suggested he
read Paul's letter aloud to me as sucked him off.  As he read
aloud Paul's description of Audrey's performance for Sue and her
guests I worked his cock with my tongue and mouth.  By the time
he got to the part where Audrey reached the conclusion of her
show he had gone off in my mouth with a load of his sticky come.

We finished the letter together and went onto the sequel written
by Sue.  This time I turned the pages while Jim slipped his
fingers in and out and all around my cunt.  It was all I could do
to keep reading.  Jim suggested that I continue reading aloud
will he slipped between my knees to return the favour I had done
him.  I had difficulty because his tongue felt so good.  By the
time I got to the part where Sue was strapped to the saw horse
device and Paul was feeding her his cock while Emma's dog was
licking her tits and Audrey was fucking her from behind with a
plastic strap on cock, I was beside myself with pleasure. I am
sure my words were becoming mumbled but I went into a long series
of orgasms under Jim's tongue.  When I finally regained my
composure Jim slipped up beside me and finished reading the
letters silently together.

I again probed him for the what he thought were the best parts of
the letters.  Again he responded with "It was all great." but I
was interested in details and pushed him further reviewing the
highlights of each and talking about the parts he liked best.  He
really lit up when we came to the part where Paul had won the
second Trivial Pursuit game and how he had taken advantage of Sue
and Audrey using them for his pleasure.  I asked him if he ever
dreamed of making love to two women at once and he sheepishly
admitted he had.  "I bet you would love to have been in Paul's
place in that letter." I remarked and again I sensed his
excitement.

By now it was very late.  Jim suggested it was time to go to bed. 
By the look in his eye he didn't mean to sleep either.  As I
pranced ahead of him, nude up the stairs I was aware of his
leering at my ass.  As we got on top of the bed I asked him what
he would like to do.  "I want both of us to make love to you." he
said.  I was puzzled and he explained that he wanted me to use my
hands to stimulate myself while he also worked on me.  I caught
the drift and he began to massage my tits.  I slid my hands down
over my stomach and began to tease my inner thighs

We were tired and both of us were all fucked out so we headed off
to bed.  It didn't take long to get to sleep nestled up to him
both of us nude.  The next morning when I awoke the sun was
streaming in our bedroom window.  I slipped out of bed quietly
while Jim slept and went and had a shower.  When I came out I was
wrapped only in a large towel.  He was stirring and I whispered
"Happy Birthday" in his ear, threw on a housecoat and went to
make breakfast for us.  I could hear him get up and the water
running in the shower.

                  Jim's Special Birthday Present

It was nearly ten o'clock by this time.  I was startled by the
phone and picked it up to find Audrey on the other end.  She was
anxious to know how things had gone with the video and the
letters.  I told her they were absolutely fantastic.  She wanted
to know all sorts of details and asked exactly the same question
I had put to Jim the night before, "Which part did we like best?" 
I told her he was really excited by it all but especially the
part where Paul had won the game of Trivial Pursuit with Sue and
herself and what had followed.

Audrey changed the subject then and said she had a very special
present for Jim for his birthday and said she would deliver it
right away if that was O.K.  I said sure and even before Jim was
out of the shower the door bell had rung and Audrey was there.
She was dressed in a loose fitting open arm T-shirt and a short
tennis skirt.  I was puzzled because she had said she had a
present for Jim but had nothing with her.  She sensed my
bewildered look and explained that she was the present for Jim
"If that was O.K. by me?"  My eyes must have lit up because
without a word from me she said "Great."

She suggested that we tie Jim in a kitchen chair and then perhaps
I would like to unwrap his present for him.  I was getting really
excited by all this.  We had to really work fast because the
shower had stopped and Jim would be down in a minute.  I told
Audrey to wait in the hallway and scampered upstairs to intercept
Jim.  He had just slipped on his short terry towel pool coat.  I
told him I had a surprise for him but he would have to co-operate.

He readily agreed as I fetched a dress scarf from my
drawer and wrapping it around his head blindfolded him.  I lead
him downstairs and seated him on a kitchen chair that Audrey had
carried into our den.  I seated him on it and with some old
nylons I tied his hands securely together behind the chair back
and his ankles to the legs of the chair.

Audrey watched as I tied Jim up.  Once complete she came into the
room.  Jim didn't know what to expect but he didn't seem to mind
when Audrey bend over him and kissed him deeply.  As she finally
pulled away from him she reached down and gave his cock, barely
covered by his pool coat a firm squeeze.  Jim still hadn't
figured out that it wasn't me tormenting him.

I asked Jim if his was ready for his present.  Of course he said
yes.  I directed Audrey to stand in front of him and I untied his
blindfold.  When he saw Audrey he went bug eyed.  He didn't know
what to say so I explained that Audrey wanted to give him a
birthday present.  He still seemed puzzled so I asked him if he
wanted me to unwrap it for him.  Audrey smiled knowingly and Jim
just nodded.

I moved over beside Audrey and slowly turned her around so he
could see her gorgeous body in profile, her fine ass and long
legs.  While she was turned with her back to him I told her to,
"Bend over and show him how short your skirt is."  Audrey slowly
did as I directed.  Jim was speechless and no wonder.  As Audrey
bent over more and more of her upper legs and creamy thighs were
revealed.  By the time her upper body was parallel to the ground
her ass began to come into view.  She bent lower and lower until
she was touching her toes.  What a sight.  She was wearing
nothing but a red G-string and most of her ass was uncovered. 
Only a thin ribbon of material in the crack of the ass told us
she had anything on under her skirt at all.  After pausing a
moment to make sure both Jim and I got the full impact she stood
up and turned around to face Jim.

I moved behind Audrey so I could see Jim's reaction to what was
about to happen next.  I could see his cock was already belying
his excitement as it bulged beneath his pool jacket.  I reached
around in front of Audrey and ran my hands slowly over the front
of her cotton T-shirt.  I massaged her tummy at first but slowly
moved my hands higher and higher until I was touching her big
breasts.  "Oh," I said and feigned surprise when I discover she
was braless.  "She doesn't have anything underneath her T-shirt. 
How naughty."  I rubbed her tits as Jim watched intently.  In a
moment her nipples grew under my caress and could easily be seen
poking through the material.  I ceased my intimate caressing and
pulled her T-shirt from the waist of her skirt and reached
underneath.  I slid my fingers up over her soft smooth tummy
until I reached what I already knew were her gorgeous tits.  Jim
could see my hands working her boobs beneath her T-shirt.  When I
looked over to him I could see his cock had grown so it created a
distinctive tent in his jacket.

Audrey had closed her eyes and was leaning her head back on my
shoulder enjoying my fondling of her nipples.  I asked Jim if he
would like to see more and his voice cracked as he said "Sure." 
I slipped her T-shirt over her head and returned to fondling her
tits.  " Aren't they gorgeous?" I asked Jim and he grunted his
agreement.  "They're so big and soft and smooth." and I squeezed
her boobs hard in my pleasure.  "I'm sure you'd like to do this." 
He nodded.

I now diverted my attention to the lower part of her body which I
knew to be equally exciting.  I dropped to my knees still behind
Audrey and ran my hands up and down her legs.  I started at her
ankles and slowly slid my hands up each leg.  I repeated this
several times each time going higher and higher until my hands
were disappearing beneath her skirt and lingering on her inner
thighs.  While I had done this before I was amazed by how soft
her skin was.  Jim could not see exactly what I was doing but I
am sure he knew.   "Why don't you take off her skirt?" he asked.
"So I can see what your doing."  I complied, after all this was
his birthday present.

I unfastened her skirt and it dropped to the floor.  Audrey
stepped out of the skirt.  All she now had on was a slim little
G-string.  I paused to admire her body.  Audrey like Jim was
becoming aroused by the show she was putting on and began to
fondle her tits.  Jim groaned with pleasure at the sight.  I
stepped behind her again and began to run my hands over her body. 
I was getting turned on too.  While she continued to tease her
tits.  I returned to caressing her inner thighs and soon strayed
to fondling her cunt through the lacy material of the G-string. 
Every time I ran my fingers over her pussy she would murmur for
me to continue.  I looked over at Jim.  His eyes were riveted to
my hand massaging her cunt.  I looked down and I thought his cock
was going to pierce his robe, it had pushed the material straight
up and a wet spot had appeared at the top of the tent.

Audrey continued to play with her tits and I now slipped my
fingers inside her G-string.  I slid my fingers over her bald
pussy.  She was absolutely dripping.  I glided them between her
cunt lips.  She groaned.  I couldn't believe how big her clit
was.  I strummed it a few times and moved my fingers down into
her cunt.  Her hips began to move with my finger fucking.  I
stopped before she came and withdrew my hand.

I moved over to Jim and placed my fingers which had just been in
her cunt under his nose and asked him how she smelled.  Then I
had him lick my fingers clean.  I then slipped his robe off his
shoulders and released the belt so he was now sitting on his
housecoat but never-the-less nude, tied to the chair.  I thought
his cock was going to burst but I had to give it a squeeze any
way.

I moved back behind Audrey.  She was massaging her tits with one
hand while her other was inside her G-string massaging her cunt. 
I undid the snaps on either side of her G-string and let it fall
to the floor.  Jim groaned as he watched Audrey fingering her
bald cunt and clit only feet from his eyes.  She was a sight to
see, her eyes closed tightly her face contorted with pleasure and
her hips arched as she approached the verge of orgasm.  With a
groan she came and her hips and stomach pulsed with her orgasm. 
As the pulsating in her body slowed her eyes reopened.

"It looks like his cock needs some attention." she said and
without waiting for comment from me or Jim she moved over to him
and straddled his legs.  He was seated and her tits swayed right
in his face.  She grasped his cock with one hand and bending her
knees she slowly lowered herself onto his rock hard weapon.  I
watched fascinated as his cock disappeared between the swollen
lips of her hairless cunt.  He strained against his bonds to meet
her but she was in control.  She grunted and began to ride him. 
I watched as she lifted herself almost off his cock then plunged
down on him again.  Each time she did, I could see his cock
glistening with her love juices.  Jim was groaning and thrashing
about.  I knew he was about to come and sure enough he moaned
that he was coming and thrust his hips up into Audrey as best he
could.  Audrey worked hard to wring ever ounce of cum from his
cock with her cunt but it was evident she was only frustrated by
not being able to come herself.

As she climbed off Jim's cock there was a loud slurp.  I
immediately knelt before her and pushed her legs apart so I could
lap at her cunt.  Jim's cum was all over her cunt and I licked it
away first than began to probe her cunt hole with my tongue
looking for every last drop of his juices.  Audrey told me not to
stop.  Her hands were on my head directing me.  She whimpered and
once again orgasmed.  As her cunt pulsed more of Jim's cum flowed
onto my tongue and I swallowed it all.

All the action had made me pretty hot and bothered too.  Audrey
sensed this and pulled me to my feet and taking my head in her
hands drew me to her and gave me a sensuous kiss.  She used her
tongue to search my mouth for remnants of Jim's cum which I had
lapped from her cunt.  I responded in kind, our mouths locked
together.  I could feel her hands know on my ass and searching
beneath my robe for my ass cheeks.  She grasped one cheek in each
hand firmly and massaged them roughly.  Still locked in our kiss
she untied my robed and pushed it off my shoulders so that I was
as naked as she was.  She ground her cunt hard against mine and
her tits into mine.  I was really getting hot.  Finally she
pulled me to the floor and spread me out on my back a few feet
from Jim who was still tied in his chair.  She began to lap at my
cunt as I had hers minutes before.  It didn't take long for me to
come as she had, arching my ass off the floor to met her tongue.

As my orgasm faded Audrey left me and turned her attention to
Jim.  I was amazed to see his cock was again hard.  She played
with his balls at first then his cock still glistening with her
juices.  She slid her lips down over the head and took it deep in
her mouth.  Slowly at first then faster and faster she began to
raise and lower her mouth over his prick.  He groaned and tried
to met her thrusts with his hips but his bonds held him tightly
to the chair.  She did all the fucking for him.  His head
thrashed about in his pleasure.  All of a sudden she stopped and
got up from her knees.  She motioned to me that he was ready.  I
knew immediately what she meant and as she had done, I straddled
his lap and lowered my cunt onto his cock.

He felt immense and the feeling within me was incredible. 
Immediately I began to raise and lower myself on his cock.  I
knew I wasn't going to be able to take this very long.  I could
feel Audrey's fingers below me tickling his balls and the point
where his cock entered my cunt.  It was too much and I came
again.  As the walls of my cunt alternately squeezed and relaxed
around Jim's cock he too began to cum.  He cursed and all of a
sudden his body went limp.

We remained that way for a few minutes.  When I felt Jim lean
forward into me I knew that Audrey had released his bonds.  I
slipped off his lap and his red and swollen prick popped noisily
from my cunt.  I stretched out on the couch opposite him.  Audrey
came over and sat beside me.  Jim just watched us and said
nothing.  Finally Audrey asked him what he had thought of his
birthday present.  All he could say was, "Great."  Audrey asked
him what he would like to do next.  He paused for a minute and
almost embarrassed asked if he could have a closer look at his
present. 

Audrey gleefully said, "Of course." and told me to move over.  I
sat up and she lay on her back on the couch with her head resting
in my lap.  Jim rose and came over.  One of Audrey's feet was
still on the floor but the other leg she lifted so her lower leg
was over the top of the couch.  Her cunt in this position was
wide open.  Jim pulled over a footstool and sat on it next to the
couch level with Audrey's waist.  "I hope you like my bald
pussy." Audrey said and Jim nodded emphatically.  I watched as
Audrey reached down and with her hands opened her cunt lips wide
so he would be able to see right up her cunt.  "Go ahead and give
it a feel." she urged Jim and he reached out timidly and slid his
hand over her flat tummy until his fingers were over her cunt. 
"You like to watch, don't you?"  Jim nodded again.  

Audrey suggested he compare her cunt to mine.  I thought that was
a great idea and slipping from under Audrey's head I moved our
coffee table next to the couch.  I grabbed a pillow and lay on my
back on the table with my feet on the floor on each side.  My
cunt too was open for Jim to see and feel.  With his other hand
he slid his fingers down to my cunt and slipped them into me.  He
now had the fingers of one hand in me and of the other in Audrey. 
he began the familiar probing of my cunt.  I knew he was doing
the same to Audrey when she moaned and told him he made her
feel,"Real good."  He was doing the same to me.  While he had two
fingers up my cunt he was using his thumb to stroke my clit.  He
really knows how to get me going and it wouldn't be long before I
lost control.  I looked over to Audrey only a couple of feet away
she was thrashing about on the couch, her big boobs flopping as
she moved.  Jim's fingers were having an equally arousing affect
on her.  I closed my eyes and concentrated on my own pleasure. 
The pressure for release was building quickly and as I arched my
back to meet Jim's fingers I came with a roar.

When my breathing returned to normal I looked over to Audrey and
she wad recovering too.  I looked down to Jim.  His face was a
picture of pleasure and his cock which a moment before was dead
had come back to life, hard and red.  Audrey asked, "If I
minded?" and I told her to "Go ahead."  She got up off the couch
and crawled between Jim's knees.  I couldn't see a lot but her
head bobbing up and down.  From the look of enjoyment spreading
over Jim's face I knew what was going on though.  Audrey sure
gives slurpy blow jobs but her men really love them.  Jim was no
exception.  In moments he was groaning and shot his load down
Audrey's throat.

We were all exhausted now.  Audrey asked what time it was.  It
was nearly noon.  She apologized but said she had to go.  She
slipped her clothes on and Jim and I escorted her to the door. 
Jim thanked her for his birthday present and with a farewell kiss
from both us she departed.  Jim and I headed up to bed and with
visions of recent sexual adventures I fell asleep cuddled up to
Jim under our duvet.

                     Lucy's Fantasy come True

When I awoke and hour later Jim was dressed and pottering around
the house as if nothing unusual had happened.  I too dressed and
went about the household chores.

Nothing unusual occurred until the next day.  Jim had headed off
to work.  My mind however was busy planning that day's events. 
You'll remember my friend Lucy's strange sexual need for rough
sex and Emma's promise of help.  Emma had confirmed that two
young and "hard" men would stop by about two and, while they
weren't cheap, she was sure they were worth the money.  I phoned
Lucy and confirmed our date for 1:30.  She seemed really excited
about coming over mentioning that she had really enjoyed her last
visit with me.  That was when I had found her tied on her bed
naked and given her a rough time sexually which she loved.

Promptly at 1:30 Lucy arrived.  She was dressed rather modestly
in a white knee length skirt and a cute pink blouse.  We sat and
chatted over a glass of white wine for a few minutes when the
door bell rung.  I excused myself and went to answer it.  When I
opened the door I was greeted with the sight of two gorgeous
hunks.  They introduced themselves as Dave and Clint and that
Emma had sent them.  They looked almost too good to share with
Lucy but I overcame my desires.  Clint was tall and thin with
curly blonde hair.  He wore a loose fitting tank top and loose
fitting shorts.  They were really short though.  Dave was shorter
had a broad chest and tremendous muscles.  He looked a little
like a body builder.  He had on an armless T-shirt and tight
fitting cutoff shorts and a broad leather belt.  From the bulge
in his pants I could tell he would be great in the sack.   

I explained to them that I had a friend inside who needed her sex
rough and hard.  I would show them the garden tools and they
could pretend to be my garden help.  I told them that Lucy was a
real cock tease and she would probably tease them, flirt with
them but she wouldn't go all the way unless forced.  In fact they
might have to rape her.  In fact the rougher the better because
that was what she liked best.  I would help out if necessary.  I
myself was getting excited with the prospect of participating in
the rape of Lucy.

I showed the guys the garden tools and ushered them into the back
yard.  I returned to the kitchen.  Lucy had helped herself to
another glass of wine.  I told her that the garden help had shown
up and that they were real hunks.  Lucy had to see for herself
and we watched them for a few minutes as they began to trim the
hedge.  She was as impressed as I had been, mumbling how she
would like to take on those two.  I suggested maybe she would
like to tease them a little.  Her eyes lit up at the thought and
I told her I had a bikini which would be perfect.  We quickly
went up to the bedroom and I pulled out a piece of nothing and
handed it to her.  "Not much to it." she noted and I dared her to
show off to the guys.  Lucy can't resist a dare and said "Why
not?"  I left her to put it on and told her I would meet her by
the pool.  I went out with a big pitcher of lemonade, thinking
the guys would like something to drink and placed it on the
picnic table.

In a few minutes Lucy appeared.  I reclined on a lounge chair
sipping my wine as I watched her come across the lawn.  She had
borrowed a short terry towel beach robe but still was interesting
enough to draw longing gazes from Dave and Clint.  When she came
up beside me she seemed a little nervous but after a long drink
of wine slipped the robe off.  I knew the bikini wasn't much but
on her ample figure it seemed even less.  The top consisted of
two little triangles each of which covered her nipples and about
half her boobs.  A piece of string connected them and went around
the back where she had tied it with a bow.  The bottom was also a
long inverted triangle the top of which was no more than three
inches across.  It too was held in place by a string which went
round her back.  In this case there was a neat bow on each side. 
The back was also a triangle.  Because the triangle was so small
though it all but disappeared into the crack between the cheeks
of her large but firm ass.

I thought the guys eyes would pop out of their sockets.  Lucy
asked me what I thought.  I told her she looked tremendous.  "In
fact good enough to eat."  "That sounds nice." she replied. 
While looking at me she wanted to know what the guys were doing
though.  I told her they were really eating her up.  In fact I
thought I saw a growing bulge in Clint's cut off jeans I told
her.  She shivered with pleasure at this.  In fact I saw
something else that was really interesting.  Poking from the leg
of Clint's loose fitting shorts was the end of his cock.  If it
could hang that low, I couldn't wait to see it full grown.

The guys continued to work.  It was hot and they were sweating
pretty good.  After a few minutes they took off their shirts.  My
God did they have beautiful bodies.  Dave chest was tanned, broad
and well muscled.  Clint was like a Greek statue.  Lucy was
lolling around making sure they could see every aspect of her
firm body.  First she would lie on her stomach.  Then she would
prop herself up on her elbows to talk to me.  From my vantage
point you would scarcely know she had any thing on above her
waist.  Then she would roll over on her back and lie back in the
lounge chair.  She had to adjust her bikini frequently to keep up
a semblance of decency.  At one point she draped one of her legs
over the arm of the chair leaving her legs partially open towards
Dave and Clint.  She certainly had affect on the guys only twenty
feet away.  It was obvious they had raging hardons.

The hedge was finally clipped and Dave and Clint came over to ask
me if there was anything else they needed to do.  Lucy sat up and
eyed their crotches.  They were equally attentive to her.  I
suggested that maybe they would like some beer and they said sure
and followed me inside.  Lucy remained on her lounge chair. 
Clint asked when I wanted the real action to start and I told him
in a few minutes.  I reached down and squeezed their cocks
through their pants.  It was difficult not to go further but I
could wait.

I yelled to Lucy that she had better come in before she got
sunburned and she literally bounced her way towards the house. 
All eyes were on her boobs.  It was incredible that they didn't
bounce free.  Once inside she refilled her wine glass and took a
seat at the kitchen table.  The guys were really leering at her
by now.  I offered them each a beer and they immediately drained
them so I gave them a second.  We all chatted for a few minutes.  
The conversation came around to sex, as it so often seemed to
these days.  I boldly asked the guys what they thought of Lucy's
suit.  Dave boldly replied that, "It sure didn't cover much." 
Clint added that, "She sure had a big set of boobs."  Lucy smiled
at this comment.  "She's a real cock tease though." I added. 
"Sure is." Clint observed as he, without any modesty adjusted his
bulging cock in his tight pants.  "Look what you've caused." I
said to Lucy.  "Did I do that?" Lucy asked with mock innocence. 
Dave told her, "She sure did."  "I'll bet she's a good fuck too."
he added.  Lucy looked right at him and told him in no uncertain
terms she only did that with her husband.  "It's not fair to get
these guys all hard and leave them hanging though."  I declared.


Dave and Clint both nodded and moved over toward Lucy.  Clint
reached down and began to fondle her left tit through her brief
bikini.  Dave began to stroke her thigh.  Lucy protested and
pushed their hands away but in the process her top was displaced. 
Her big boobs swung free as Dave and Clint renewed their assault
on her supple young body.  She was telling them to "stop" and
finally to "fuck off."  Clint said that that was exactly what
they planned to do.  She begged me to help her but I just sat
there and watched.  I was finding this all sexually exciting. 
Dave pinned her arms behind her back and dragged her to her feet. 
Clint pulled the ties holding her bikini bottom and top.  It
covered precious little anyway but she was now totally nude.  
"She's got a bald pussy." Clint exclaimed when he caught sight of
her hairless cunt.  This seemed to please him and he slide his
fingers between her legs.

Dave still had her arms pinned behind her back but she had her
legs held tightly together.  This prevented Clint from getting
either a good view of her sexual centre or even his fingers on
her cunt.  He told her to open her legs but she resisted and
implored me to help her.  I told her she was getting what she
deserved for teasing this poor boys.

Clint diverted his attention to her swaying tits.  He took a
nipple between his fingers and began to tease it.  They were
erect and Lucy watched what he was doing.  He began to squeeze e
harder and she begged him to stop.  I could feel my own nipples
stiffening in sympathy and excitement with what I was seeing. 
Dave told him to "Pinch them off." and it looked like Clint was
trying to as he squeezed harder and harder.  Lucy was obviously
in some pain.  Clint stopped now and looked her straight in the
eye.  Without diverting his eyes he lowered his hand to her inner
thighs.  Her legs were still closed tightly and as she looked
into his eyes he gently began to separate her thighs.  She seemed
to know without him asking that she must do as he was directing. 
Her thighs spread wide under his hand.  Dave and I watched as he
slide his fingers down into her now open cunt.  His middle finger
slide over her inner cunt lips and into her cunt.  "She's sopping
wet!" he exclaimed.  "She's really hot and bothered."  I knew
rough sex was her thing and I expected as much.

"Get her up on the table." Clint directed and Dave practically
lifted her by her pinned arms up so she was sitting on the edge
of the table.  "Spread your legs you bitch." Clint ordered her
and her legs spread as wide as she possibly could.  Dave still
had her hands pinned behind her back as she sat on the edge of
the table.  Clint slipped his loose fitting shorts over his ass. 
When he turned back to Lucy we could all see his cock and balls. 
His cock stood straight up.  It was not very thick but was it
ever long.  His balls hung loose below his prick, large and ready
to unload.  Lucy gasped.

Clint now sunk to his knees in front of Lucy perched on the edge
of the table.  He leaned forward and placed his tongue in her
slot.  Lucy moaned, this time in pleasure as he began to lap at
her cunt.  After a few minutes of slopping in her cunt Lucy's
hips began to move.  She was approaching orgasm but Clint had
other ideas.

He stood up and grasping his cock placed it at the opening to her
sopping cunt.  I sensed Lucy both wanted him and was afraid of
his immense weapon.  Dave egged his friend on telling him to fuck
her good.  With one thrust Clint drove his prick deep into Lucy. 
She groaned and I thought she would pass out but after a few
rough thrusts she began to meet Clint's shoves with her own. 
Dave and I watched intently.  Clint had his eyes closed and was
concentrating on his own pleasure.  With every thrust his ass
would tighten and a large dimple appear in each cheek of his ass. 
Lucy too had closed her eyes and began to groan.  All of sudden
Clint yelled that he was coming.  Lucy begged him to hold on for
a moment until she was there but his entire body stiffened and he
spewed his juices into her.  Lucy was moving like crazy but Clint
was already going limp.  His long thin dick glistened as it
slipped from her throbbing cunt.  He collapsed in a chair.

Dave reached down over her body and dipped his fingers into her
blood engorged cunt.  He stirred them around inside her and
withdrew them covered in Clint's cum.  He took his fingers up to
Lucy's lips and told her to lick them clean.  She greedily did as
he directed.  Still holding her arms pinned behind her back he
flipped her over on the table so she was face down but her legs
hung over the edge.  He released her arms and undid his belt and
let his cutoffs drop to the floor.  He was wearing nothing
underneath.  While Clint's cock had been long and thin, Dave's
was short but really thick.  I swear at least three inches across
and it looked really hard.  He had a dense bush of hair
surrounding it and a big set of balls below.  I gasped when I saw
it and Lucy knowing what was about to happen to her took on a
desperate look.  He told her he was going to fuck her real good
and she pleaded with him not to.  "You'll split me in half with
that thing." she begged but to no avail.  Dave moved around the
table behind her and told her to open up but she resisted hoping
to change his mind.  "Please don't." she pleaded.  He slapped her
ass hard and told her again to open up, but she wouldn't co-operate.

Dave moved back to where his pants were and withdrew his belt
from the loops and bend it in half.  Lucy cringed and implored
him not to hit her.  But it was too late.  Dave reached high
above his head and directed a blow with the belt to her firm ass. 
She cried out but Dave ignored her and hit her ass again with his
leather belt.  "Just what she needs." Clint yelled to Dave and he
hit her one last time.  Where the belt had landed large red marks
appeared on Lucy's fair ass.  Dave told her to open her "fucking
legs" and she reacted instantly, imploring him not to hit her
again.

She was quite a sight lying face down on the kitchen table, her
legs hanging over the edge and spread wide.  Her ass had three
long red marks on it and her cunt below was swollen and open. 
Clint's cum dripping from its lips and down her inner thighs. 
Dave dropped the belt and stepped up behind her ass.  He placed
his left hand on her ass and with his right direct his cock to
the entrance of her cunt.  "Please be gentle." Lucy implored but
that was the last thing Dave was going to be.  He rammed his cock
against her cunt without mercy.  At first all he did was push her
against the table but her cunt walls must have given way because
in the next breath he was in her.  Lucy groaned that he was so
big.  Dave told her she was really tight and began to fuck her in
earnest.  After a few thrusts Lucy moans of distress turned to
groans of pleasure.  In a matter of minutes she was beseeching
him to give it all to her.  By this point Dave must have been in
seventh heaven because he tensed, cursed and began to thrust
involuntarily his load into Lucy.  She too began to come.  Dave
continued to push his load into her for some time before he
slowed and finally his softening cock slipped from her engorged
cunt.

I was beside myself.  I need to come.  My fingers had been in my
cunt since Clint had first began to abuse her and as Lucy went
into orgasm I followed.  When Dave slipped from her I told Clint
to hold Lucy still and I dropped to the floor behind her and
began to lap Dave's, Clint's and Lucy's combined juices from her
inner thighs and cunt lips.  It was a feast of cum, there was so
much.

When I had finished licking her clean, I looked around.  Clint
was standing in front of her head and feeding his half swollen
dick between her lips.  He had a hand over each of her ears and
was holding her head steady while he thrust in and out of her
mouth.  

Dave was swilling another beer and watching Lucy's tongue at work
on his buddy's dick.  I returned to my chair to watch what might
happen next.  Dave finished his beer with a slurp and moved back
between Lucy's legs.  I could see he wasn't ready to fuck her
again so soon because his cock was only half up.  Never-the-less
he reached under her ass and with the fingers of one hand spread
her cunt lips.  He took his beer bottle and shoved the neck into
Lucy's cunt.  I am sure it must have felt cold but all we could
hear from Lucy was a groan because her mouth was full of cock. 
Most beer bottles have a distinctive neck but this one was
tapered so there was no really stopping Dave from shoving it
deeper and deeper into Lucy's cunt.  Finally he stepped back and
turned to me and asked me what I thought.  The beer bottle was
shoved up Lucy's cunt so that only the base was visible.  Her
cunt lips were stretched wide.  What was the more amazing was
that we could clearly see her cunt throbbing as her body fucked
the phallic symbol thrust into her.

Dave moved around to her head where Clint was still fucking her
face.  He said something to Clint and Clint promptly pulled his
cock free.  He was hard now.  Dave told Lucy to lick his dick and
her tongue immediately began to lap at his thick half swollen
cock.

Clint moved around the table to Lucy's ass.  The beer bottle was
still half in her.  Clint grasped it's slippery bottom and pulled
it from her with a loud plop.  Lucy's cunt having been forced
open by the beer bottle remained wide open and continued to
spasm.  Clint and I watched for a moment then he slipped his long
thin cock into her cunt.  "Fuck, is she ever loose." he
exclaimed.  Dave suggested he try her ass.  Lucy pleaded, "Not
that."  It turns out she had never had her ass fucked.  Clint
ignored her pleas though and eased back.  His cock cleared her
cunt.  He grabbed it and directed his aim a little higher.  Lucy
continued to pleaded with him but he held her ass down on the
table with one hand while with the other he parted her ass
cheeks.  He pushed his cock at her but her asshole would not give
way.  He pushed still harder.  Lucy moaned that it hurt but Clint
just shoved again.  This time he must have got the tip of his
cock in.  With another thrust he went deep in her ass.  Lucy
groaned again but Dave told her to work on his cock and she fell
to it again.

Clint told us both she had a, "Fucking tight ass." and began to
thrust in earnest.  Dave meanwhile decided he wanted to fuck her
too.  He dropped her head and came around to Clint.  He whispered
something to Clint and he withdrew his cock from Lucy's ass. 
Between the two of them they picked her up off the table and
carried her into the living room.  Dave lay on his back on the
floor and told Lucy to sit on his cock.  She straddled him and
lowered her self gingerly onto his thick hard cock.  Dave ordered
her to fuck and she took up the familiar rhythm, lifting then
falling onto his cock.  Her big tits swayed back and forth.

Dave grabbed her shoulders and pulled her down so she was lying
on top of him.  Clint now slipped up behind her ass on his knees. 
He spread her ass cheeks with one hand as he done before and
again penetrated her asshole.  This time he slipped in easily. 
Lucy was the meat in a fuck sandwich.  Clint began to thrust and
below I could see Dave's hips plunging his cock into her cunt at
the same time.  Clint moaned that he could feel Dave's cock
through the walls of her cunt.  In a matter of minutes all three
of them were writing in pleasure.  Clint came first followed by
Lucy then Dave shot his load.  While the guys both relaxed Lucy
continued to milk the cock's in her ass and cunt.

Clint climbed off Lucy and lifted her by her waist off Dave's
cock.  Cum was dripping from her asshole and cunt down her inner
thighs.  Dave scooped some of the cum up with his fingers and
told Lucy to lick them off.  She seemed to relish in doing as he
had ordered.

The guys announced that it was time for them to go and slipped
their shorts on over their shrinking pricks.  They had left their
shirts out on the back yard.  Clint asked if he could use the can
before they left, the beer was getting to him he said.  Dave
echoed his request.  I automatically began to point towards the
washroom when another kinky thought hit me.  I whispered it to
Clint and he said sure.  He told Dave to grab Lucy and Dave took
Lucy's arms while Clint grabbed her legs.  Between them they
carried her still nude out to our back yard.  She protested
vigorously telling that "someone might see me", but to no avail.

In the back yard they dropped her unceremoniously and Clint
pushed her down on her back onto the ground and told her to
spread her legs wide.  She refused and he turned to Dave and told
him that it wasn't going to work.  Dave looked around and grabbed
a couple of bungy cords that Jim used to tie down the trailer
top.  DIrecting Clint to hold her still he began to tie one of
her ankles to the leg of the picnic table and then the other to
other leg so her legs were forced wide apart.  Next he tied her
wrists together with another bungy cord above her head as she lay
flat on her back.  He fastened it to the base of the gas barbecue
so she could move only her torso.

Her big boobs stood high above her chest and she wondered out
loud what they had in mind for her.  Dave told her shut up.  He
told me to hold her cunt lips open and I slipped down beside her
and did just that.  Was she ever juiced up.  Clint stood between
her legs facing her and slipped his loose fitting shorts down to
his knees.  My god I thought what a long cock he had.  Taking his
cock in his hand and without further ado he began to piss on her. 
At first he hit her stomach and my hand but quickly directed his
piss lower until he was bathing her cunt in his warm hard jet of
yellow piss.  Lucy immediately began to moan.  I couldn't believe
the level to which she had sunk.  She was actually enjoying her
"Golden Shower."  It didn't take long for Clint to empty his
bladder but Dave was right behind him ready to do the same.  He
too let fly and after getting his aim I watched as his pissed
right on her bulging clit.  Lucy was arching her ass off the
grass trying to get closer to his cock.  Her eyes were closed and
it looked like the depraved bitch was about to come but Dave's
bladder gave out before she could experience the bliss of orgasm.

Clint grabbed the half full jug of lemonade from the picnic table
and poured it over her cunt and wobbling tits.  All Lucy could do
was moan.

Dave and Clint zipped up and thanked me for a most enjoyable
afternoon.  Clint handed me a card and told me to call if I ever
needed their services again.  I showed them out and returned to
the back yard a few minutes later.  I was astonished to find that
one of the neighbours cocker spaniels had got into the yard and
was lapping at Lucy's tits and cunt.  I guess the sweet lemonade
must have attracted him.  Lucy was still trussed up and powerless
to stop him.  I watched as he furiously licked at her cunt and
Lucy arched higher and higher off the ground.  Her eyes were
closed.  I could hardly believe that she was getting off on being
eaten out by a dog.  In a matter of seconds after my arrival she
began to come.  I ran across the lawn and shooed the dog away.  I
apologized as I released her bonds but Lucy was not the least
concerned about what had just happened but instead thanked me
profusely.

I suggested she have a shower so she could clean up and lead her
to the bathroom.  As she took a shower she continued to thank me
for providing her with the best sex she had had in years.  It was
hard to believe that she got off on the debased way she had been
treated and physically abused by the young studs with the huge
cocks.  I did tell her that watching the whole show had turned me
on but I wouldn't be able do enjoy some of the things they had
done to her.

Lucy wanted to do something to thank me though and without a word
from me slipped to the floor slipped to her knees at my feet and
releasing my belt slipped my jeans off, removed my panties and
began to eat me out.  I had been close to orgasm most of the
afternoon and in seconds I went into spasms of pleasure.  She
didn't seem to want to stop tonguing my cunt and eventually I had
to push her away.

We both dressed in silence afterwards and I saw her to the door. 
before she left though the phone rang.  It was Audrey and she
wanted me to come over the next afternoon to discuss a get
together on the weekend.  I asked if Lucy could come along and
she said sure.  Lucy seemed really pleased at the invitation and
still thanking me profusely for the afternoon entertainment I had
arranged, she left.

To be Continued


Dumb Wonder always enjoys comments.  Contact can be made at
dumbw@hotmail.com Those who make comments may enjoy advance
copies of this continuing saga. 




        Fun and Games - Part 9 - Kim Continues the Story

                      Sex Planning and more

The next day I picked Lucy up and we headed over to Audrey's.  I
asked Lucy innocently how she was and shouldn't have been
surprised when she said "Sore."  She said her ass was pretty
tender.  My mind flashed back to the previous afternoon when
Clint and Dave had treated her so roughly.  A few minutes latter
we arrived at Audrey's and we were ushered into her living room. 
Sue was already there and sipping from a large glass of wine.  I
introduced Lucy and Audrey joined us with a glass of wine for
each of us as well.

Audrey began by saying that the weather for the weekend looked
really great and that she thought we all ought to get together
for a barbecue.  The idea sounded great and so we all got into
planning what we would eat and who would bring what.  It didn't
take long until we had it all worked out.

At about this point Sue looked over at Lucy and asked her if she
was all right.  Lucy indicated she was O.K. but her response
wasn't very convincing.  She couldn't seem to sit still.  Small
wonder, I thought, her ass is probably killing her.  Eventually
Sue weasled out of her the fact that her ass was really sore and
I jumped in to explain what had happened the previous afternoon
but Lucy wanted to tell them.  Audrey and Sue were spell bound as
she went on about her adventure in rough sex.  I knew she had
liked it but still couldn't believe it as she told them how
teasing the young studs had got her really turned on and when
they forced her over the table she was on the verge of coming
before they even fucked her.  She said being fucked with the beer
bottle was really a turn on and being the meat in the fuck
sandwich was literally "fuck city".  She said she had never been
into golden showers but being tied up on my back lawn gave her no
choice but to enjoy it.  When I heard her tell them about the dog
lapping her cunt, I knew she had really appreciated what I had
arranged for her, although that part had been unplanned. 

When she finished Audrey told her that she had something that
would help sooth her sore ass and disappeared, quickly to return
with a tube of ointment.  She told Lucy to bend over the couch
and pull up her skirt.  At first Lucy said no but after some
urging from me she did as directed, exposing a pair of plain
cotton panties.  Audrey grabbed these and lowered them to expose
Lucy's ass.  I could now see why she was so uncomfortable, her
ass was a bright red and where Dave had beat her with his belt
were several red welts.  Audrey took some cream and massaged it
into Lucy's ass.  After a moment Lucy told us it felt much
better.  Sue seemed to know what Audrey was using and told her to
put some on her pussy.  Audrey reached between Lucy's spread legs
and dabbed some on Lucy's bald cunt.  She massaged it in and sat
down to watch what would happen.  In a matter of seconds Lucy
began to moan that the ointment made her cunt warm and really
horny.  She reached beneath her skirts and while we all watched
brought herself to orgasm.  I could scarcely believe what I was
watching.

Sue commented that every one seemed to have their own sexual
fantasy although she wasn't sure she could get off on sex as
rough as Lucy seemed to need.  Audrey echoed her thoughts
indicating that with Sue's help she had begun to exploit her
sexual pleasure in exhibitionism.  I told them that with Audrey's
guidance I had overcome my shyness and gotten into sex with
another woman.  Audrey noted that even the men seemed to have
fantasy's.  Paul really into being dominated sexually.  When she
mentioned that I pointed out that Jim was a real voyeur.  "Yea."
Audrey said, " He really loved it when I fingered my pussy right
in front of his face."  "Most men seem to like to watch women get
themselves off." Sue added.  Lucy wondered what it would be like
to watch a man jack off.

It was Sue who suggested that maybe we could have Paul whack off
for our visual enjoyment at the barbecue.  "I wouldn't mind
seeing some of the others do it too." Audrey commented.  Sue then
suggested a "whack off" contest for the men.  I told her it would
be unlikely that Jim would participate but Sue suggested maybe we
could offer a prize.  I still didn't understand her but she
continued with a suggestion that the winner could enjoy the
company of three of us for the evening.  Knowing Jim's love of
group sex I was sure, that with the potential prize, he would
accept the challenge.  "But you only said three women?" Lucy
asked.  "Well one lucky woman gets the three losers for the night
too." Sue replied.  My pussy really started to drool at the
thought of having three studs servicing me and I quickly
volunteered.  "But how do we decide who gets the three studs for
the night?" I asked.  "I'll think of some little contest." she
replied.  So everything including the entertainment was set for
the next night. 

Lucy and I stood up to leave but Audrey said she wanted to show
all of us something first and lead us down to the rec room.  The
room seemed ordinary enough with weight training equipment in one
corner and some exercise mats lying around on the floor.  The
previous owner was into ballet Audrey explained as she pointed to
one wall that was all mirror and had the traditional waist high
bar running its length.  It was Sue who first spotted the
triangular device with a hook at each corner hanging from a
pulley and the ten foot high ceiling.  There was a rope that ran
from the pulley over to one wall and down to some sort of
controls.  Audrey meanwhile had retrieved what at first appeared
to be some long broad straps from a cupboard in the corner.  She
began to lay them out in the centre of the floor so they formed a
big capital "Y".  The base of the "Y" was a six inch strap with a
big ring at the end.  Sue seemed to know what this machine was
but Lucy and I were completely in the dark.

Audrey told Sue to look in the cupboard.  While she did this
Audrey quickly disrobed.  She hadn't the least sense of modesty
and my sexual juices began to flow as I anticipated another of
Audrey's special sex shows.  She went over to the straps and
carefully sat down on the floor with her ass square in the middle
of the "Y".  Sue returned from the corner with a plastic bag and
placing it on the floor, knelt down to help Audrey.  The upper
arms of the "Y's"straps were each about two inches wide.  They
ran up the back of Audrey's legs and Sue helped Audrey fix each
one around her leg just above her knees with a velcro strap.  Sue
went back to the wall controls and pushing a button we heard the
triangle  descend slowly from the ceiling so it was just above
Audrey's head.  Sue went back to Audrey and adjusting the hooks
fastened one to each arm of the "Y" straps.  Sue returned to the
controls and again activated the controls.  This time Audrey was
lifted off the floor.  The device left Audrey hanging, ass down,
in what seemed a very natural and comfortable almost sitting
position.  All of a sudden I realized what the machine had done
for her.  Her cunt was wide open from below and available for
use.  In fact with some shifting her ass could be fucked as well. 
My juices really began to flow as I nudged Lucy and told her what
I had figured out.

Sure enough Sue grabbed the bag and produced a big plastic cock,
but in this case it had a large flat base which meant it could
stand upright on its own.  She placed it below Audrey and told me
to adjust it as she went back to the controls.  I knew what to do
now and as the machine whirred, Audrey slowly descended.  I could
see her cunt wide open coming to meet the big plastic cock.  I
adjusted it and as she descended it splayed her cunt open and
disappeared between her red cunt lips.  She moaned with pleasure
and I stepped back to watch, my job having been done.  Sue stood
at the controls and flipped another switch.  The whole triangle
began to go up than down.  At first slowly than the pace picked
up.  Each time the machine lifted Audrey the plastic cock would
be eased from her cunt but never enough to actually slip out. 
The machine would than lower her again down on the plastic
phallic symbol.  She was being fucked by the machine.  Her hands
were free and as she was being fucked she began to tease her
nipples.  After a moment one hand descended between her splayed
legs.  It was obvious to us all that she was fingering her clit.

We watched as the machine steadily raised and lowered her onto
the dildo.  Audrey's eyes were closed as she concentrated on her
pleasure.  Sue nudged me and told me to watch this.  Lucy and I
watched as she took hold of one of Audrey's outstretched legs and
began to turn her suspended body pivoted on the cock slowly
around.  She turned her around several times than released her
foot.  Like a child on a wound up swing, Audrey at first stayed
in this position than her weight began to reverse the twist in
the rope.  All the while the machine continued to plunge her
relentlessly up and done on the cock.  Audrey's speed picked up
and than slowed and her rotating direction reversed.  I tried to
imagine Audrey's pleasure in being literally screwed onto the
cock.  In moments Audrey began to sigh that she was coming and we
watched as her body convulsed.  By the time her spinning had
stopped Audrey opened her eyes and Sue stopped the machine.  Sue
and I worked silently to release Audrey from her bounds, while
Lucy retrieved the dildo.  When I looked up Lucy was licking the
plastic cock clean of Audrey's juices and Audrey offered her her
cunt to taste and the little slut did just that.  What a sexually
depraved bunch I thought, but I loved it.

 As I drove Lucy home she told me she could hardly wait to watch
the guys jerking off.  I told her I was looking forward to having
three men at once.  I planned to win what ever little game Sue
could devise and I knew it in itself would be something special.
I asked her if John would go along with the plan.  She said it
didn't matter because he was going to be away for the weekend and
that Sue had offered to find her an escort for the party.  Life
got more interesting by the minute I thought.

                            The Party
 
That night I told Jim there was a special party planned at
Audrey's and Paul's the next day.  He seemed to sense that
something was up but I refused to do more than hint at the fun to
come.

We arrived at Paul and Audrey's about four in the afternoon. 
Paul carried a case of beer into the house and I brought in
several bags of goodies for the party.  I was really tingling
with excitement at what was to come and Jim although he didn't
know what, was too.  Audrey was dressed in a short beach coat
when we got there and Jim gave her a big kiss and I saw him
fondling her ass.  "Enough,"  I finally had to tell them,  " You
guys can wait till later."  I gave Audrey a quick kiss too.  Paul
appeared dressed in shorts and a T-shirt and helped Jim put the
beer in the fridge.

A few minutes after we arrived Lucy pulled up.  She had driven
over in a short beach coat not unlike Audrey's and we all helped
her bring in bags of food for the party.  We sat around in the
kitchen talking for a while until Sue finally showed up.  In tow
she had her young live in stud, Robert.  In addition she had a
blind date for Lucy she told us.  At that moment a gorgeous hunk
came through the door.  While Audrey had told me about him, I
didn't realize this was the same Kirk that Jim and Paul played
poker with on that fateful night that started this whole
adventure.  I could hardly wait to start the sex part of the
party but before I could steer things in this direction Audrey
suggested we all take a swim.  It was a hot day.  Audrey and Lucy
were already changed but the guys went down to the basement to
slip into the suits each of them had brought and Sue and I went
up to the spare bedroom to change.

As we changed I told Sue I could hardly wait for the planned post
dinner activities.  She told me that I would have to but that my
patience would be well rewarded.  When we returned to the
backyard the guys were already in the pool.  Robert was a real
hunk but Kirk was really something special.  I was getting
positively drippy watching his muscles ripple, his hard ass and
the bulge in his brief swim suit as he cavorted in the pool.  I
had worn a relatively tame bikini and Sue had likewise.  Lucy,
ever the tease, had the same extremely skimpy pieces of cloth and
string that she had worn during her rough sex session the day
before.  Jim was eyeing her gorgeous full boobs and ass as she
paraded about the pool deck.  He looked like he was drooling and
Lucy loved it too.  Audrey was wearing a simple one piece white
suit which seemed pretty modest by comparison to the rest of us.

Finally Audrey said she needed a dip and moved to the edge of the
pool and dove gracefully into the deep end.  She swam about for a
minute or two and no one payed any special attention, that is
until she got out.  Jim's chin just about hit the floor and I
gasped when we realized her suit when wet became almost
transparent.  Her big boobs were flattened slightly and her
nipples were clearly visible.  Her ass cheeks were pushed
together and explicitly revealed as was her cunt as she walked
toward us.  No one said a word.  She dried herself off with a
towel and sat down.  Her suit quickly dried and her body details
disappeared.

Jim was fascinated.  He couldn't keep his eyes off her although
Lucy in her almost nothing suit was getting equal attention.  I
was content to watch the huge bulges in Kirk and Robert's suits
as they talked and prepared the barbecue.

I noticed Sue saying something to Paul and he disappeared.  He
returned a few minutes later with a tray of beer and filled wine
glasses.  He had also changed and was now wearing only a loin
cloth.  It reached just below his ass cheeks and while it covered
his ass, there was a good four inches of skin visible at the
sides.  He passed the drinks around and Sue fondled his ass,
beneath the loin skin as he passed her.  He never flinched but
Audrey nodded her approval to Sue.  I was determined to get a
feel for myself the next chance I got.  It didn't take long.  As
we all chatted and drank I watched Paul flipping hamburgers on
the barbecue and slipping up beside him patted his ass.  He
didn't react at all but Audrey told me to go ahead.  I slipped my
hand under his loin cloth and discovered his bare skin.  I
squeezed his firm ass.  I had to stop before I got carried away
and so I reluctantly withdrew my hand.  The others had all
observed my actions and it became fair game for all the ladies to
fondle and pinch Paul's ass.

As the barbecue progressed Lucy lost her top and Audrey seemed to
keep falling in the pool.  We could all tell the guys cocks were
hard because they made tents in their brief trunks.  All that is
except Paul.  Sue had ripped his loin cloth off and at every
opportunity the girls were fondling his swollen dick, and
stroking his balls.  Finally we all finished eating.  The dishes
were cleared away and we all gathered in Audrey and Paul's living
room.

                        The Contest Begins

Paul was nude as was Lucy by this point but the rest of us still
had our swimsuits on.  Sue announced that she had a special deal
for the men.  She began by saying she knew that most men had this
fantasy about making it with more than one woman at a time. 
Jim's mouth was wide open in amazement at her statement.  Kirk
replied "You bet."  Sue continued looking at Audrey, Lucy and I,
that we had this little contest and the winner would get to spent
the night with the ladies.  Kirk wanted to know what happened to
the losers.  "Well," Sue replied, " One of us will be entertained
all night by the three losers."  Kirk was forced to agree that
that sounded fair.  All Jim wanted to know was what the contest
was.

"Well,"  Sue began slowly, "The girls got to talking yesterday
and we know how Paul likes to be forced to do things sexual." 
Everyone looked at Paul and he was blushing.  "I particularly
enjoyed watching him 'whack off' for me.  The rest of us girls
thought wouldn't it be fun to watch all our men jerk off."  There
was a hushed silence as she continued.  "I suggested a 'jerk off'
contest and three of us girls would be the prize for the winner. 
What do you think?"  Without hesitation Kirk said he was game. 
Audrey informed us all that Paul would do it because Sue told him
he had to.  Sue told us coyly she was sure that Robert was game. 
This time every one looked at the big young stud and it was his
turn to blush.  The groups attention now turned to Jim.  Jim said
he wasn't really into this kind of thing.  Audrey said she knew
he wanted another chance to try her out and asked him to imagine
what a gorgeous lay Sue and Lucy would be if he won.  That was
enough to clinch it and quite flushed he stammered, "O.K." 
Everything was set.

Sue whispered something to Audrey and she disappeared.  Sue told
the guys to grab four chairs from the kitchen and bring them in.
The guys brought the chairs back in short order and Sue directed
them to place them in pairs facing each other.  She told Jim,
Kirk and Robert to, "Get naked." and they each slipped their
skimpy swim suits over there swollen cocks.  I gasped when I saw
the size of Robert's prick.  For a young man he sure had a big
weapon.  I could hardly wait to try him out.  Sue directed the
men to each take a chair facing each other.  Kirk and Robert sat
face to face, their chairs only inches apart while Jim and Paul
took similar positions opposite each other.  Robert and Paul had
real hardons already.  Jim and Kirk were swollen and big but not
rigid the way the other two were.

Audrey returned to the room with a tube of KY jelly.  Sue took
the tube and squirted a gob in the palm of each of the guys
hands.  "Now when I say go, you whack the guy off opposite you."
she said.  "The winner in each pair is the one left with his
weapon still charged when his partner shoots off.  The two
winners will pair off for the final round."  "Just a minute." 
Jim interrupted, "I might pull my meat but I'll be dammed if I'm
going to jerk some other guy off."  Kirk looked at him and told
him that the guys wouldn't think of him as gay if he whacked off
another man.  But Audrey was the convincer.  She slipped up
beside him and slipped her bathing suit off and began to finger
her pussy right before his eyes.  After a moment, with all eyes
were glued on her hand probing her cunt, she withdrew it covered
in her juices and placed her fingers below Jim's nose.  He
breathed deeply her female smell.  She slipped her fingers over
his lips and he lapped up her juices.  "Don't you want more than
this?" she asked.  Jim finally relented and told Sue he would
participate.

It was obvious he was still nervous but everything was now in
place and with the girls all gathered round, Sue finally shouted
out, "On your marks.  Get set.  Go."  Kirk grabbed Robert's big
cock with two hands and began slowly to stroke up and down his
erect prick.  Simultaneously Robert slid one hand rapidly up and
down Kirk's swollen cock.  Meanwhile Paul had grabbed Jim's dick
and was pumping away.  Jim's cock quickly stiffened and Jim
finally took Paul's already hard cock in his fingers and gingerly
began to stroke him off.  Sue was egging them on while Audrey was
commenting as to who she figured was in the lead.

My observation was that Robert was rather inexperienced while
Kirk seemed to know exactly how to get quick results from a
swollen cock.  While Robert rubbed Kirk furiously and did manage
to stiffen his cock, it was Kirk who was quickly getting Robert's
dick close to spurting.  After only a few minutes Robert's eyes
closed and his hand on Kirk's cock stopped moving.  I whispered
to Lucy that Robert was sure to lose now.  That was alright by
me.  After all I hoped to sample his big cock later.  Sure enough
Robert muttered "fuck" and great streams of white cum shot into
the air.  The first few struck his chin while succeeding shots
were less powerful until they finally died away all together. 
Kirk stopped stroking and declared himself the winner of round
one.

Meanwhile Jim and Paul were hard at it and I mean hard.  Based on
what I knew of Paul's love of discipline, at first I figured he
would lose on purpose but then maybe he loved to whack guys off
and wanted to have a shot at another cock in the next round. 
Jim's eyes were fixed on Paul's throbbing grease covered cock. 
The head was really red and Paul was grunting and thrusting his
pelvis with every stroke Jim gave him.  Jim wasn't doing much
better.  As we watched his eyes were closed and I thought he was
about to shoot his load but he seemed to regain himself and
resumed staring at Paul's cock.  He was using his thumb
masterfully on the under side of Paul's cock and teasing the
super sensitive spot on the underside just below his cock head. 
Paul's eyes closed and we noted his hand which had been stroking
Jim's prick urgently begin to relax.  Audrey whispered to me that
Paul was about to shoot.  She was absolutely right.  His body
tensed and than convulsed as jet after jet of thick white juices
shot high in the air.  Jim milked his cock clean and smiled in
triumph.

Kirk and Jim were still in the running for the night with three
very horny women though.  Sue suggested they take a break for a
dip in the pool.  "Skinny dip." she added.  Of course the guys
were already naked as were Audrey and Lucy but I was game and
stripped off my suit and raced to the pool.  Sue and the others
were right behind.  We cavorted in the pool for half an hour
until Sue, always in command, decided it was time for the finals. 
We all traipsed back to the living room.  All eyes were on the
two finalists.  The lack of sexual activity and the coolness of
the water and night air seemed to calmed there previously near
bursting cocks.  Sue directed the two to take their places.  She
gave them each a gob of KY jelly and told them to take their
marks. 

We all pressed around to watch.  Kirk and Jim concentrated on
each other their hands poised for action.  "Go." Sue finally
ordered.  They each grabbed the others cock.  Jim proceeded
first, lathering Kirk's dick with KY jelly.  Kirk instead began
to stretch and pull Jim's softened prick.  In no time Jim's cock
began to swell.  Jim meanwhile began to work on Kirk's prick in
earnest also, stretching and teasing it so it too began to
inflate.  We all yelled encouragement.  They both concentrated
hard.  I knew Jim wanted desperately to win and Kirk seemed
equally determined to draw Jim's load first.  As we watched them
work each others cocks it was easy to see they were enjoying some
success in exciting their opponent.  Both seemed to reach full
erection at the same time.  Their cocks glistened with KY jelly
as they stroked and pulled.

I noticed too that Lucy had her fingers in her cunt, diddling her
clit no doubt.  I didn't blame her the show was really exciting
but I wanted to save my cunt for the joy of sex to come.  I
wasn't sure what Sue had planned for the woman's part of the sex
contest but win or lose everyone would be a winner.  Turning back
to the action it appeared that Jim's concentration was slipping
as his eyes began to close and he began to moan with pleasure. 
Kirk was doing a great job exacting the utmost pleasure from
twisting and pulling Jim's cock.  It looked like Jim was going to
lose but Sue slapped him on the back and yelled at him to snap
out of it.  His eyes opened and he renewed his pulling on Kirk's
reddened cock.  It was Kirks turn to slip into his own pleasure
and it now appeared he would be the first to lose his load.  To
extend the contest though I reached out and pinched his ass. 
This snapped him around and they both returned to pleasuring the
other's cock.

They each seemed intent on winning and gazed into each other's
eyes.  Jim however slowly began to get the better of Kirk and we
watch as Kirk's eyes slowly closed and while his grip on Jim's
prick tightened he stopped stroking.  This easing of Jim's own
pleasure at Kirk's hand, allowed him to concentrate more on
extracting Kirk's load.  It was obvious he was succeeding as
Kirk's body stiffened and his pelvis began to thrust.  Load after
load of concentrated milky white jism finally shot up onto his
chest and as his orgasm subsided he slumped back into his chair
still holding Jim's throbbing but erect but unspent weapon.

Jim yelled in triumph and jumped up from his chair.  His cock was
red hard and bounced against his stomach.  It had been a close
thing but he was the "whack off" champion.  Jim looked at Sue and
asked about what was next.  Sue explained that he would be
required to help select the winner from the four of us.  The
'losers', if you could call them that, would spent the night with
him.

              The Women Square Off to Pick a Winner

Without another word Sue directed us to go down to the rec room. 
Audrey said something to Paul and told the rest of us to follow
her. She lead us down to the rec room.  Sue had stopped to talk
to Kirk for a moment.  You'll remember that this was the room
with Audrey's strange sexual trapeze and the mirrored wall and
ballet bar.  In a few moments Kirk and Sue and Paul joined us all
in the centre of the room.

Sue explained that the girls would be seeing who had the most
talented cunt.  To do that each would take a turn being fucked by
Jim.  The first to draw his load would be the winner.  We
wouldn't be able to use our hands though.  She told to us all
line up facing the ballet bar.  Using Lucy as a model she showed
us how we were to be positioned.  She put Lucy about four feet
from the bar and facing it.  She told her to spread her feet
about four feet apart and then to reach over and hold onto the
bar.  I could see now what was going to happen.  Jim would love
this I knew.  Lucy's big tits hung down deliciously and with her
legs spread her cunt was wide open and ready for action.  Her
cunt lips were red and swollen.  "Take your places ladies." she
ordered.

I moved over next to Lucy while Sue and Audrey took spots on the
other side of Lucy facing the mirror and the bar.  I could feel
the cool air on my cunt lips as I spread my legs.  I felt
deliciously open.  Kirk announced that Jim would begin with Sue
who was at the far end of the line than move down the line with
Audrey, Lucy than myself.  I could see Lucy next to me anxiously
waiting to be fucked.  In the mirror I could see Audrey and Sue. 
Sue looked really pleased with the way things were developing. 
She had a gorgeous set of tits I noted.  Kirk further explained
that Jim would start with one thrust into Sue than two into
Audrey than three into Lucy followed by four for me.  He would
than move back to the head of the line giving five to Sue, etc. 
The last cunt he was in when he came would be the winner.  My
cunt was almost dripping when I heard what little sex contest Sue
had dreamed up.  I knew Jim would be in seventh heaven.

Jim told us all that we looked gorgeous.  I looked around at him.
His cock sure showed his excitement.  It seemed enormous.  Jim
came up behind me first and reached between my legs and stroked
my cunt.  I wanted to reach back and grab his hand but Sue
watching my pleasure in the mirror told me not to let go of the
bar or I would be disqualified.  Jim slipped a couple of fingers
into my cunt and announced I was really juicy and ready for him. 
He moved down to Lucy.  He did the same with her when he slipped
his fingers into her dripping cunt she moaned.  He reached around
her and grabbed a handful of tit.  Jim was really a tease.  Next
he moved to Audrey.  He fondled her boobs first than tested her
cunt to see how juicy she was.  He announced she too was ready to
be fucked.  Now he was down to Sue.  He teased her nipples for a
moment and brought his erect cock to her mouth.  She never
released the bar but took his cock in her mouth and began to suck
on it.  I watched in the mirror as his eyes closed.  He had more
will power than I thought though because he withdrew his cock
from her lips and went around to her ass and slipped his fingers
into her open cunt and declared her ready.

I became aware that Paul had been video taping the entire
proceedings and knew that this was going to be one hot tape to
view later.  Jim announced that it was time to start.  He moved
up behind Sue and with one hand directing his cock placed it at
the mouth of Sue's cunt.  He leaned into her.  We all heard her
groan but that was his one thrust and he slowly pulled his cock
from her and moved over to Audrey.  Again he aimed his cock into
her bald cunt.  With a thrust he was in her to his balls and I
watched in the mirror as he slipped back almost from her and
pushed forward again.  Audrey groaned that it felt tremendous but
Jim had pulled away and she voiced her disappointment.  Sue told
her not to worry he would be with her again in a moment and she
would get him for longer this time.  "If I don't get him to blow
his load first." I told them.

Jim moved behind Lucy's big ass.  He reached under her like a
quarterback with his cock in hand and thrust into her open cunt. 
She too groaned at his first thrust and picked up his rhythm by
his third stroke but of course this was the limit and he slipped
out of her.  He patted her ass and said he would be back.  Not if
I could help it I thought to myself.  I could feel his hands on
my hips and I braced myself for his weapon piercing my cunt.  He
was in me before I knew it and pumping away.  Before I knew it he
had withdrawn after my allotted four strokes.  I was just
beginning to get going on extracting his load into my cunt and he
was gone.  The others had been watching me intently in the mirror
and now it was my turn to watch them try make him come.

Jim moved down to Sue.  She told him to get his big cock in her
and she would give him a ride.  He slipped into her easily and
her hips began to move.  She looked like a real pro as her eyes
closed and she concentrated.  Kirk counted out loud each thrust
and pulled Jim away at five.  Jim moved quickly down the line to
Audrey.  It was obvious that Sue had really started to get to
him.  He slipped his cock into Audrey's dripping cunt and grasped
her hips for balance.  Again Kirk counted off the strokes. 
Audrey's eyes were closed as she stretched out and held the bar. 
Her tits swayed beneath her.  By the time Jim had his allotted
six I could tell he was really beginning to get close to coming. 
It was now Lucy's turn and Jim thrust into her juicy cunt easily
she groaned and ground his cock into her.  By the time Kirk had
counted out seven he had to pull Jim from her.  Jim's cock popped
from Lucy's cunt.  It was too much for Lucy though and she
released one hand from the bar and reached back between her legs
to stroke her clit.  Immediately Sue announced that she was
disqualified for taking her hand off the bar but Lucy just
continued to stroke herself to orgasm.  Meanwhile Jim moved onto
me.

I could hardly wait for Jim to get into me.  I was on the verge
of coming myself.  His cock felt wonderful.  For a moment I let
him do all the work then realised I had better concentrate on
getting him off because I was unlikely to get another chance.  I
squeezed the muscles in my cunt.  God it felt good.  I could hear
Kirk counting "Five, Six".  I rotated my ass and squeezed even
harder.  I could feel Jim tensing.  When he got to my allotted
eight Kirk pulled him from me.  I was beside myself and on the
verge of coming and tempted to do as Lucy was still doing but
thought better of it.  Jim moved down the line to Sue and slipped
up to her ass and was in her in a flash.  I wasn't sure I would
get another crack at his big cock.  He seemed on the verge of
coming.  Robert slipped beneath Sue and reaching up began to lick
and suck at her big hanging tits.  This seemed to excite her even
more but robbed her of her concentration on the cock in her cunt. 
Despite Sue's best efforts Jim still held his load after his nine
pumps into her cunt.

Jim moved next to Audrey.  Robert moved with him and before Jim
could slip his cock home, Robert was sucking one of Audrey's
gorgeous nipples.  I could hear the loud slurping sounds Jim's
cock was making in her cunt.  Audrey was coming from his and
Robert's efforts.  She bucked wildly but held onto the bar.  Jim
did not come though after his tenth stroke into her cunt and he
slipped his cock from her.  Meanwhile Lucy had had a series of
loud orgasms from her fingers.  Jim paused to finger her cunt and
she looked longingly into his eyes for more of his cock but Sue
told her she had been disqualified and would be punished later
for her indiscretion.

Jim slipped into my cunt.  His cock felt wonderful.  Robert had
moved beneath me and was sucking and lapping at my nipples.  The
teasing sent thrills down to my cunt and my orgasm began with
only a few strokes from Jim.  I lost track of what was happening
in my own pleasure but felt him tensing within the throbbing
walls of my cunt.  He was unable to hold back any more and filled
my cunt with his juices.  I had won.  I didn't realize it for a
moment I was so out of breath.

                          I am a Winner

Jim had stopped moving and I could feel him softening but I
needed more.  As I opened my eyes, there was Robert beneath me
still lapping at my hard nipples.  His cock was rock hard and
just what I needed.  I told him to lie down.  Jim's cock slipped
from me and sensing what I needed, guided my hips down to meet
Roberts erect cock.  I grabbed Robert's cock.  He was huge. 
Never had I fucked another man although I had thought about it
lots.  I was too caught up in my own needs to hold back now
though.  Jim guided my hips as I lowered myself to meet Robert's
cock.  After all I had won and Robert was there to serve me. 
When he first came into contact with my wet cunt I began to think
I'll never be able to take him all but there was no turning back. 
Robert thrust upward to meet me.  Jim told me to fuck him good. 
It was all I needed and I began in earnest to fuck this big hunk.
His cock was immense.  It caused great pressure and I could feel
myself rapidly rising to orgasm again.  Jim told me later I was a
real sight my tits swaying above Robert's broad chest and sweat
making my skin glistened as he pumped me and I responded to his
big prick.  All I know was it was heaven and I began to come and
come and come.  Robert followed quickly behind my first orgasm
and forced load after load of his juices into me.

It took some time for me to regain my breath.  When I did, Jim
was lying in heap on one of the weight training benches.  Audrey
and Sue were madly fingering themselves off.  I guess they
figured they had lost anyway they might as well savour some of
their pleasure.  Kirk's cock was hard again and so was Paul.  I
began to dream of ways I could also use these prizes I had won. 
Jim was eagerly watching Sue and Audrey, each with one hand still
on the bar and the other fingering their clits.  From behind with
their legs spread wide and their cunts wide open, they made quite
a sight.  I could hardly believe it but Jim's cock was already
beginning to swell for another orgasm.  Lucy had moved over to
him and was sucking his cock.  I had other plans and if I didn't
get my prize studs away from these horny cunts I would lose them. 

I told Paul to grab Robert's softened cock and Robert to grab
Kirk's long hard thin dick.  I took hold of Paul's and led my
train of studs to the living room.  Cum was dripping down my legs
the whole way.  When we got to the living room I plopped down on
the couch and spread my legs and told Paul to clean me up.  He
knew in a flash what I wanted and was on his knees lapping at my
cum covered cunt.  That man sure knew how to use his tongue and
was quickly stirring the fires within me.  Kirk and Robert just
stood and watched although I caught both of them fingering their
cocks.  I fixed my eyes on Kirk's long thin dick as my inevitable
orgasm approached.  Before I came I pushed Paul away and told
Kirk to get his big cock into me.  Kirk was eager to oblige and
on his knees between my outspread legs fed his cock into my
gapping cunt.

As he picked up the rhythm, I couldn't believe how long he was. 
When he was in to the hilt I felt like his cock was going to
puncture my stomach.  With every thrust I grunted.  Paul was
standing beside the couch with his erect cock in hand and I
motioned for him to come closer.  I grabbed his hard dick and
began to massage his cock his eyes were closed and I could tell
he was close to coming.  I pulled his cock to my lips and flicked
my tongue over the reddened end of his dick.  He sighed, groaned
and tensed and began to pour buckets of cum into my waiting
mouth.  Kirk meanwhile was working his cock in and out of my cunt
and I felt an orgasm approaching and concentrated on the pleasure
between my legs.  He finally cursed tensed and his cock burst
within me.  That was enough I came again and again.  I was
breathless.

At this point I was aware that Jim, Lucy, Sue and Audrey were
watching the action.  Jim excused themselves and announced that
were going over to our house so they wouldn't be interrupted.  I
could have cared less at that point but looked forward to hearing
what had happened later.

Amazingly Robert's cock was again hard but I had had enough at
least for the moment so I told Paul to suck his cock.  Paul never
flinched but dropped to his knees.  Because of his size Paul
could do little more than lick it all over and cover the tip but
that seemed to be enough to get Robert humping Paul's face.  He
too began to come and sprayed his cum all over Paul's face.  Paul
lapped it all up and collapsed on the floor at Robert's feet.

It was incredible having three men at once but it does tend to
make one's cunt a little sore.  Kirk sensed this and suggested
that the three of them give me a body massage.  Paul said he had
all the necessary equipment and disappeared for a few minutes to
return with a plastic sheet and some oil.  Kirk told me to lie
face down on the sheet.  I did as I was told and relaxed.  I
could feel some warm oil being poured on my back and two big
hands begin massage my back.  I felt other hands working on my
feet and calfs.  I was totally relaxed in minutes.

I could hear Kirk directing my massage.  He was telling Robert
how to tease my toes and knead my calfs and ankles.  Paul was
obviously working on my back.  It felt wonderful.  After a few
minutes I realized that Robert had slowly moving the massage up
my legs because he was working around my knees and even higher. 
I spread my legs apart slightly to make his job easier.  Paul had
moved lower and was now kneading my ass.  Every once in a while I
could feel his slippery finger slip down the crack of my ass.  I
had been perfectly relaxed but now I could again feel a
delightful sexual tension rising within me.

Kirk finally told me to roll over.  Of course I did.  Robert was
still on his knees at my feet and began immediately to work on my
feet and lower legs.  Paul knelt above my head and took my head
in his lap and slowly tenderly began to massage my neck and
shoulders.  What I really needed was someone to massage my boobs. 
My wish was soon answered with Kirk lathering warm oil on my tits
and stroking me to new heights.  I was really getting turned on
now.  I was aware that Robert's hand were now stroking my
sensitive inner thighs.  Kirk meanwhile was sending one of his
hands over my stomach towards my aching cunt.  All I wanted right
then was for him to finger me off.  He finally slipped a finger
into my gapping cunt but just when I though I was about to get
some relief he withdrew it.  Paul meanwhile had taken over
teasing my erect nipples.  With ever stroke of one or the other
my clit seemed to twitch.  If someone didn't bring me off soon I
would have to do it myself but Kirk obliged and began stroking me
again.  I was aware my ass had lifted off the plastic sheet but
he stopped.  I begged him not to but he told me it would enhance
my orgasm to wait a bit.

Kirk straddled me now and knelt over my stomach facing me.  His
cock was hard and he adjusted himself so it was between my boobs. 
Paul still supporting my head in his lap, reached forward and
pushed my tits together so they surrounded Kirk's long thin cock. 
Kirk now began to thrust his hips forward and back.  In so doing
he was fucking my oil covered tits.  Each time he came forward
the head of his cock would appear from between my mashed boobs
and then disappear as he moved backwards.  Paul as he pushed my
tits together teased the nipples of each boob.  It felt good and
Kirk was obviously enjoying fucking my boobs.  His eyes were
closed as he concentrated on his pleasure.  I knew he wouldn't be
long coming.  With a final grunt he began to come shooting a
stream of white cum up towards my waiting tongue.  I managed to
catch some but most fell on my boobs and chest.  Paul massaged it
into my aching tits and Kirk collapsed on the floor next to me
spent.  This had been an interesting diversion but I was hornier
than ever.

I sat up and told Robert to lie on his back.  I needed cock badly
and squatting over him lowered myself onto his immense waiting
weapon.  Once impaled I leaned forward so my tits grazed his
chest.  I began to rock slowly back and forth.  I felt Paul's
hands caressing my oiled ass and his fingers slipping down the
crack of me ass and over my asshole.  He did this several times
and finally stopped with a finger on my asshole and teased it. 
In combination with the fucking I was giving Robert the pleasure
in me was mounting to new heights.  I gasped when his finger
slipped up my ass and he probed me.  He withdrew his finger and
inserted two this time.  It hurt a little but also felt good.  He
told me he could feel Robert's cock inside me and I churned up
and down on the massive cock filling my cunt.  Paul withdrew his
fingers and I felt him moving behind me and grasping my hips. 
Then I could feel his cock at my asshole.  I was too caught up in
my pleasure to be concerned about having my ass fucked but he
still took my breath away when he pushed his cock into my ass.  I
had never been ass fucked before but let me tell you it really
fills you up especially with a cock in your cunt as well.  The
two guys now really began to let loose.  I was a real fuck
sandwich and I loved it.  I began to orgasm and remembered very
little else except the intense pleasure that overcame me.  I must
have passed out because when I came too the three of them were
licking the oil from my breasts legs and neck.

I wasn't so much sore anymore but totally relaxed and tired. 
Paul suggested I take a warm bath and get some sleep.  That was
almost all I wanted and he helped me into a bath and I swear I
almost fell asleep.  He helped me finally into a large bed and
Robert and Kirk joined me, one on either side of me, all of us
nude.  It was a dream come true.

All night I seemed to have dreams of raunchy sex with these three
hunks.  The next morning I awoke to find Paul nibbling at one of
my nipples while Robert was working the other and Kirk was
between my legs lapping at my cunt.  Of course I was helpless but
to respond to their sexual ministrations.  Before I could come
however Paul suggested that we try out Audrey's trapeze in their
basement.  I knew from before what he was talking about and it
sounded like a great idea.  Paul was a bit surprised I knew but
nothing sexual should have been a surprise.

Robert carried me down to the basement where Paul and Kirk were
busy assembling it.  Robert lowered me onto the "Y" shaped straps
and watched as Kirk and Paul hooked me up.  I was tingling with
excitement.  All the guy's cocks were stiffening and Kirk
suggested I pick which I would use first.  I decided on Robert
and after Kirk had used the controls to lift me in the air, Paul
directed Robert to lie on the floor beneath me.  It was quite a
sight looking down between my outstretched legs at Robert lying
flat on his back his big cock sicking up in the air awaiting me. 
Kirk lowered me and Paul guided Robert's cock to the entrance of
my cunt and Kirk set the machine on automatic.

It lowered me until Robert's cock filled my open cunt to the hilt
than raised me almost off him.  The feeling was incredible.  Paul
meanwhile took to playing with my nipples while Kirk stood beside
me so I could fondle his cock.  I couldn't concentrate for long
on Kirk because of my own pleasure but I guess Robert was even
higher than me because his ass arched off the floor and he shot
his load into me.  Kirk went back to the controls and raised me
off Robert and took his place telling Paul to lower me.  This
time I was filled with Kirk's long thin dick.  The machine raised
and lowered me rhythmically onto his prick and my climax again
approached.  I could feel Kirk tensing with his orgasm and that
brought me on.  In the straps my body convulsed with my pleasure
and I was left breathless.

It was Paul's turn.  Robert now operated the controls and raised
me while Paul slipped beneath me.  Cum was dripping from my open
cunt onto the floor and Paul poised below.  My cunt was still
pulsing with my last orgasm as Paul's cock entered my cunt. 
Immediately I began to rise towards another orgasm.  Instead of
lifting and lowering me onto Paul's cock though Kirk twisted me
around as we had done to Audrey the day before.  All I could feel
was Paul's cock going around and Around inside my cunt.  It was a
sensation I had never felt before at it very stimulating.  After
a moment I began to twist the other way then Kirk started the
controls to raise and lower me as well.  It was too much I went
into orgasm after orgasm on Paul's cock.  Somewhere along the way
he came inside me.  When I came back to earth I was one well
fucked woman.

Robert dragged Paul out from beneath me and Kirk lowered me to
the floor.  Robert and Kirk unfastened the straps and I collapsed
on the floor.  Robert carried me back up to the bed we had only
just left, covered me up and left me in a contended funk to
sleep.

I didn't awake for a couple of hours.  When I did I was alone.  I
got up and using one of Audrey's housecoats came down to the
kitchen where Paul and Audrey were having brunch.  It was nearly
noon.  Robert and Kirk had left and Audrey said Jim was at home
asleep with a surprise for me.  I told them I should go home too
and she tossed me the car keys.  I managed to find my clothes
from the day before and after dressing thanked Audrey and Paul
for the entertainment.  Audrey said the pleasure was all theirs. 
I knew we had all enjoyed ourselves immensely.  I kissed them
good bye.  Audrey told me I should write up me sexual adventures
in a letter to you.  Knowing the pleasure it would give Jim and 
your readers I agreed.  I drove home, still in a haze after the
incredible sexual weekend.

Sure enough Jim was asleep when I got home. I left him asleep
like a baby.  While I sipped a glass of wine I marvelled at the
fantastic change in my sex life over the last two weeks and began
to write this letter so your readers could share in it.  I am
sure Jim will enjoying reading it too.

Right now I am waiting for him to wake up.  I am sure this letter
could go on forever with sex but I had better close it.


Kim 



Dumb Wonder always enjoys comments.  Contact can be made at
dumbw@hotmail.com Those who make comments may enjoy advance
copies of this continuing saga.    




Fun & Games-Pt.10, Jim adds to the story
(voy,exhib,first,MFFF,s&m,anal,FF,Fm)

                          Introduction
                                
One of my loyal reviewers (Nikki) has suggested that this part of
the story requires a little introduction so the reader doesn't
get confused.  The following will be difficult to understand
unless you have read Parts 1 to 9 so you may wish to go back
there first.  Anyway here goes.  Jim is Kim's husband (Kim wrote
Parts 7,8 &9.  If you have read Part #9 of Fun and Games you will
have discovered that Jim and Kim were part of a sex contest and
they each won their respective sections.  Jim's prize was the
services of Sue, Audrey and Lucy for the rest of the night.  Part
#9 had Kim's adventures with her three male slaves and you will
find out what happened for Jim below beginning about page 13 and
entitled A dramatic improvement in Our Sex Life.  Between the
beginning of Jim's story and there you will find an explanation
in Jim's words as to how his early sex life developed and his
early voyeuristic adventures began.  Hope you enjoy the story.
As always Dumbwonder loves reader comments and may be contacted
through Dumbwonder@Hotmail.com



       Fun and Games - Part - 10 - Jim adds to the story



                            My Parents

My whole sex life has changed in the last few weeks.  I don't
know exactly what I can thank for this marvellous change but I
wouldn't want to go back.

My name is Jim and I am sure your readers have encountered some
of my sexual exploits in my wife Kim's letter to you.  Before I
get into my latest adventures perhaps I should retrace some of
the early highlights of my sex life so your readers can
understand my special sexual needs and preferences. 

The first event I can remember occurred when I was about twelve. 
The usual things had happened by this stage like playing doctor
with my friends when I was much younger but this was a little
different.  It was a quiet summer Saturday afternoon and I was
supposed to out playing with my friends and my older sister was
off for the day.  I had had to come home for some reason and when
I came in heard a lot of moaning and groaning from upstairs.  I
quietly snuck upstairs.  The noise was coming from my parents
room.  I slipped along the hall and discovered that their door
was partially open.  I could hear moaning and groaning and
someone yelling "Fuck me harder."  I glanced into my parents room
to discover my mother nude and on her back with my father on his
knees equally naked between her widespread legs and bucking his
hips.  My friends and I had talked about such things but I had
never seen it happening before and I was spellbound.  Because
they were sideways to me I could see my father's hard and
glistening cock pumping in and out of my mother.  Her boobs
flopped about on her chest.  Both of their faces were screwed up
in concentration and my mother kept urging him to fuck her,
"Harder!"

I knew I shouldn't be spying on them but I couldn't tear myself
away.  Finally with a gasp my father's body tensed while my
mother's hips moved frantically against his groin.  She too
tensed and amid much heavy breathing they collapsed into each
other's arms.  I knew enough that I had best disappear and I
slipped quietly outside.

                         My Sister, Karen

Over the next year I marvelled at what I had seen but told no one
although I sought out every opportunity to spy on my parents in
the hope I would again catch them making love.     

When I was fourteen I stumbled onto another voyeur's dream.  Up
until then I had shared a bedroom with my younger brother Mike. 
It was decided we each needed our own rooms and my father had
fixed up part of the basement as a bedroom for my older sister
who is two years older than I am so all the kids would have their
own rooms.  My sisters new room in the basement was really nice
but the only window was small and set close to the ceiling. 
Outside of it was all sorts of shrubbery.  One evening when I
came home after dark I noticed the glow from a light through the
window.  I slipped through the shrubs to see what was happening
in my sister's room.  Her curtains were only partially closed so
I could see in quite clearly.  Karen seemed to be getting ready
to go to bed.  She was wearing a long housecoat and combing her
hair before the mirror.

I decided to wait a few minutes to see what would happen.  I was
sure glad I did.  After she finished with her hair, Karen slipped
off her housecoat.  She was wearing a bra and plain white
panties.  I remember my cock beginning to grow in my pants at
this point.  She turned this way and that examining her body in
the mirror.  She stroked her ass and pushed her tits together
examining her cleavage.

After a few minutes of this examination she reached behind her
back and released her bra.  I gasped when her firm young breasts
sprung free.  She may have been my sister but she sure had a nice
bawd.  She continued her examination of her body in the mirror. 
She stroked her breasts again pushing them up and together.  All
the while her eyes were riveted on the herself in the mirror.  I
watched in amazement as she began to tease her nipples with her
fingers.  I was fascinated with how they seemed to stiffen and
swell.  Her hands dropped from her tits after a few minutes and
she slipped them into the back of her panties.  I could see that
she was massaging her ass.  She now began to slip the panties
over her ass and down to the floor.  She kicked them off and
stood before the mirror nude.

What a gorgeous sight.  I couldn't see her pussy very well
between her closed legs but I could see the fair brown hair
covering her cunt.  My cock was like a rock by this time.  I was
so mesmerized by the sight you could have fired a gun off next to
me and I probably wouldn't have blinked.  Karen continued her
self examination turning this way and that all the time admiring
her body in the mirror.  After a few minutes she pulled over a
stool to the mirror and sat down.  She spread her legs a little
bit and I thought I caught a glimpse of pink.  Karen stroked her
inner thighs and I noticed her eyes were partially closed.  After
a few minutes of this she spread her legs wider and now I could
really see her pink cunt.  I was flabbergasted to see her begin
to stroke her cunt with the fingers of one hand and even see some
of her fingers disappear into her cunt.

Please remember that I was only a uneducated fourteen year old
virgin at the time and this was all new to me.  Karen was really
into what she was doing and while I couldn't hear her from what I
could see she seemed to be groaning and moaning.  Her eyes had
closed and her fingers were really going fast by now.  Her body
seemed to convulse and her fingers began to slow down and finally
stop moving altogether.  She pulled them from her cunt, licked
them clean and got up from the stool.  She pulled on her
housecoat and left the room.

I was beside myself.  My cock was rock hard but I didn't
understand why.  I slunk off to my room yelling to my parents
from downstairs that I was home and hoping they didn't see the
bulge in my pants.  For the next few weeks I dreamed of nothing
else but spying on my sister and her performance.  There was no
repeat show though in the next few weeks.

                          John's Library

A new kid moved in down the street.  John was my age and we got
on well together and became fast friends.  he was more sexually
knowledgeable than I was and I was all ears learning about sex
from him.  One afternoon when his parents weren't home he asked
me if I wanted to see some good pictures and of course I said
"Sure."  He snuck into his parents room and returned a few
moments later with a stack of glossy magazines.  He passed me one
and I just about flipped out when full page nudes of gorgeous
women appeared before my eyes.  Before I had seen all the
pictures, John flipped me another which he said was better.  He
was right.  In this one the women were striking sexy poses and
playing with their tits and spreading their cunts for the camera. 
My cock was like a rock.  I gasped when I looked over to John to
see him with his cock out his pants.  He too was hard and as he
flipped through the magazine he was casually stroking his dick.

As he finished his magazine he looked over to me.  I immediately
averted my eyes but he sensed my unease and asked if I hadn't
"Whacked off before."  I confessed my ignorance and he proceeded
to jerk off for my benefit.  When he came he shot his come all
over the place.  When he regained his breath and had zipped up,
he suggested I give it a try.  I was reluctant at first but he
persisted and I finally eased my swollen cock from my pants and
as he showed me picture after picture of delightful female flesh,
I began to stroke my cock as I had seen him do.  It felt great
and in no time I was spurting my first load of come high in the
air.  We ended our whack off session then but repeated it
whenever we could get access to his father's skin magazines.

I continued to spy on my parents and sister in the hopes for a
repeat of sexual performances I had seen before but it wasn't
until about six months later that I was rewarded.  It was a hot
summer evening I remember and I knew my sister was in her room
with her best girlfriend.  I didn't figure they're was anything
worth seeing but I was bored and decided to spy on them anyway.

                     Karen and Her Friend Liz

As I positioned myself by her window in the shrubs I could see
clearly into Karen's room.  She and her friend, Liz were sitting
on the bed talking.  Because it was such a hot night Karen had
her bedroom window well open and I could hear everything they
were saying.  I sat and listened to Liz telling Karen about her
date the previous night with her boyfriend Sam.  They had gone to
a movie and Sam had had his father's car so they had gone to
lover's lane to park after the show.  Karen mockingly "Oohed." at
this comment and wanted Liz to tell her all the details.  I did
too. 

Liz proceeded to tell her how they had necked for awhile and then
how Sam had started to feel her breasts through her blouse.  She
told Karen that she had really liked that.  Liz went on to say
that one thing had led to another and pretty soon she had her
blouse and bra off and Sam was sucking on her tits while she had
fished his cock out his pants.  She told Karen that he was really
big and "Oh so hard".  Karen urged her on and Liz told Karen how
he had begged her to "Suck" him.  She had finally relented and
taken his cock in her mouth and given him a blow job.  "He could
really come," Liz told my sister and after he settled down he
zipped up and started the car and took her home.  "I was totally
frustrated." Liz said, "and I had to take care of things myself
when I got to my room."  I wasn't sure what she meant but Karen
seemed to know.

My sister wanted to know what it "was like to have a boy play
with your breasts." and Liz said she would show her if she liked. 
My cock was really getting hard in anticipation as I watched
Karen remove her blouse and bra.  Liz moved over on the bed next
to her and gently placed her hand on Karen's right tit.  I
watched as her fingers gently began to massage her firm boob.  In
a moment she moved over to her left breast and again stimulated
it.  Karen leaned back and watched Liz's hands at work.  She
murmured that, "it felt really good." to which Liz responded
eagerly, "Do you want something really special?"  Karen was
curious and Liz told her to take off the rest of her clothes. 
Liz helped her off with her jeans and Karen slipped her panties
off too.  Liz told her to lie back and relax.

As Karen lay on her bed, Liz pushed her knees apart and slipped
between them and began to stroke Karen's creamy smooth inner
thighs.  From my vantage point I could clearly see Karen's
gapping pink cunt surrounded by her light brown pubic patch.  Liz
slipped her fingers up to Karen's cunt and began to tease the
outer lips and a spot above her cunt hole.  I didn't know it at
the time but it must have been my sisters clit.  She immediately
began to moan and tell Liz how good it felt.  Liz now leaned
forward and all I could see was the back of her head as she
buried her face in Karen's cunt.  Karen obviously loved what ever
Liz was doing and told her to keep doing it.  I watched as her
body stiffened and her ass arched off the bed into Liz' face. 
She groaned and her body spasmed while Liz continued to do
whatever it was she was to my sister's cunt.

After a moment Liz broke away and began to remove her clothes and
told Karen she could do her now.  Liz was a real beauty.  Her
boobs were bigger than Karen's but firm and her ass flared out
wide and yet tight.  Her cunt was covered in heavy black hair but
when she spread her legs for Karen her gapping pink cunt was
visible to me.  Karen was a little unsure at first what she was
to do but Liz told her to lick her as she had been licked.  Karen
seemed happy to oblige as she knelt between Liz's outstretched
legs.  Kneeling as she was her ass was toward me and pointed in
the air.  I could see her cunt nestled below her ass between her
creamy thighs.  What a sight.  I could hear Liz telling Karen to
lick her clit.  I didn't know what she meant but Liz provided a 
clue when she told her to move higher up her cunt.  As soon as
Karen hit the right spot she began to moan and tell her she had
found it.  Liz too began to buck and reach orgasm under my
sister's inexperienced tongue.  Karen must have kept up her
lapping because Liz went into a second orgasm moments later.  She
finally pushed Karen away.  All this while I had had my cock out
and was stroking it as John had showed me and as Liz came I too
sent a load of come over the ground below my feet.  It was too
much and I almost passed out but a barking dog in the distance
told me I had better get out of there while the getting was good.

For nights afterwards I could hardly sleep reliving the scene I
had scene.  My cock was really getting sore from all the whacking
off I was doing and I seemed to have a hardon all the time. 
Finally I had to tell someone so I confided in John what I had
seen.  John knew a lot more about sex than I but he could hardly
believe what I told him although he had read of women having sex
together.  I told him the next time I knew my sister and Liz were
together I'd call him and we could spy on them.  For some weeks I
waited anxiously but while Liz came over, they never disappeared
into Karen's room alone.

                           John's Video

It was John who furthered my sex education next though.  He
called one Friday night to say his parents would be away Saturday
night and asking me to stay over.  Of course I said yes and
persuaded my parents to agree.  It was about five when I got
there.  As we cooked some burgers and gulped down some beer which
John had secreted in the fridge, he told me he had a great
surprise.  I could hardly wait but by seven with every thing
cleaned up he lead me into the family room and he slipped a tape
into the VCR.  With beers in hand I sat spellbound watching a
good looking couple appear on the screen, kiss passionately and
rip each others clothes off.  She was a real beauty and had
mammoth tits which swayed as she moved.  The guy was broad
chested and had a monster of a cock.  She proceeded to suck his
cock until it grew huge and hard.  He ate her cunt as I had seen
Liz and Karen do until the woman groaned in orgasm and pulled him
up onto her and they fucked.  My cock was hard and when I looked
over at John he had his out and was stroking away like there was
no tomorrow.  I followed suit.  It felt wonderful.

The guy on the screen pulled out of the broad and the camera
moved in to so her cunt gapping wide and wet filled the whole
screen.  John groaned and began to come.  I watched the TV
fascinated as she flipped over on her hands and knees and slipped
his dick into her from behind.  Her tits swung below her and the
guy really began to pound his meat into her cunt.

I felt my climax overtaking me and shot my load as John had, all
over my hand.  I regained my breath and looking at the screen
discovered the actors had been joined by another woman who had
removed her clothes and was being fucked "doggy style" too.  The
first woman was on her back licking the other's tits and
fingering her own pussy.  The camera moved around to catch each
of the actors in their own personal pleasures.  It was the sight
of the woman on floor fingering her cunt which was particularly
appealing and I began to slowly stroke my swollen cock again.  My
fingers were now lubricated with my own cum and the pleasure was
incredible.  The TV screen was filled with the woman's cunt and
fingers as they worked feverishly slipping first into her cunt
than up to stroke her swollen clit.  I began to come again only
minutes after shooting my first load.  I almost fell off the
couch in my pleasure.

The tape was only half an hour long but it was unlike anything I
had ever seen before.  John had borrowed it from a friend and we
watched it over and over.  I must have shot my load six times
that evening and my balls were really sore for a couple of days
thereafter.

                      Spying on John and Di

John confided in me a couple of weeks later that he was dating a
girl and he was aching to fuck her.  I envied him and badgered
him for details after every date.  He was making rapid progress
with her and after a couple of dates had managed to get her bra
off and his fingers into her panties.  All this talk got me
really hot and bothered.  After his next date he was able to tell
me how she had given him a hand job and he had brought her off
with his fingers.  Finally he announced one Saturday morning he
had fucked her really good and how great it was.

John knew I was dying to get my cock into a broad and suggested
that he ask her to set me up with someone who would accommodate
my always hard cock.  He continued to brag about how great it was
to fuck cunt.  I asked him if I could watch the next time.  He
thought about it for a minute and than agreed but I would have to
be hidden because Di, his little girlfriend, was pretty shy about
such things.

We spent a lot of time plotting how and where.  I suggested that
he and his date could come over to my house that Saturday because
my parents would be out and I could spy on them from the closet
of the guest room.  That sounded great to him and he admitted it
would be nice to use a warm soft bed than the hard cold ground
they had used before.  It was arranged that they would come over
to watch a video movie.  We got some wine laid aside and we
figured out how I would get into the closet to spy on them.

After supper on Saturday John showed up with Di. She was quite
short which combined with her slim waist made her boobs look
really big.  We went down to the rec room and opened the wine. 
We started to watch the movie and I pretended to drink a lot and
get drunk.  John and Di were snuggled up to each other under a
blanket.  I kept glancing over and I saw John's hands busy under
the blanket.  When the movie ended I pretended to rush to the
bathroom and be sick.  I heard John tell Di he would check on me. 
As arranged I snuck off to the guest room and hide in the closet. 
John returned to tell Di that I had gone to bed and would sleep
like a log.  Somehow he convinced her to join him in the guest
room and I was hard with anticipation when I heard them come in.

The room was dimly lit.  They were kissing each other
passionately and probably wouldn't have seen me if they had
tripped over me.  John guided her to the bed.  Di's blouse was
already half undone and it looked like her bra had been pushed
below her tits.  At first they sat on the edge of the bed and
continued to kiss.  John's hands were all over her and hers
seemed to be concentrated on the lump in his pants.  I watched
fascinated as John eased Di's blouse off her and undid her bra.
All the while they remained locked in their kiss.  Di had undone
John's pants and her hand was in his underwear.

Finally they broke their kiss.  John urgently began to help Di
off with her jeans.  She lifted her ass up off the bed and as he
pulled them down her panties came with them.  Next he dove
between her knees and I knew he was eating her out.  She lay back
on the bed and began to moan.  She fondled her big tits as he ate
her out.  My cock was hard as a rock and I eased my pants below
my knees and started to stroke my dick.  Di's nipples looked
huge.  She had one between the fingers of each hand and was
pulling and stretching them.  Her eyes were closed and groaning
with pleasure.  Soon though John stood up and dropped his jeans
and pants to the floor.  Di had opened her eyes and was watching
him.  She told him to "Get your big cock in!"  With her legs
hanging over the edge of the bed, John grabbed her ankles and
placed them on his shoulders.  She grabbed his cock and guided it
to her cunt.  John drove himself into her with one thrust and
began to pump.  In the dim light I could see his cock glisten
every time he pulled out.  My cock was covered in pre cum and I
was nearing a climax as they both approached their's.

John threw his head back, his eyes were closed tightly and his
face screwed up.  Di was groaning too.  Her big boobs flopped
about. I noted that her skin was glistening with her sweat.  Her
body stiffened and than her hips began to buck.  John too tensed
and spasms shot through his body.  They seemed to be possessed. 
As they came so did I.  My cum shot high in the air splashing
against the inside of the louvred doors of the cupboard.

John collapsed on top of her and nuzzled her neck.  He must have
been uncomfortable, being half on the bed and pulled his softened
cock from her and climbed up on the bed beside her.  He seemed
totally relaxed but she began to kiss his neck and chest.  She
worked her way down his body until she was kissing his glistening
cock.  She began to lick it than took his prick in her mouth. She
was on her hands and knees over his body and her delicious full
tits hung down and grazed his belly.  He began to groan about how
good it felt and the sight was enough to cause my cock which had
only just discharged to begin to grow.  I slipped my fingers over
it and with the lubrication of my last load began to slowly
stroke my cock.

In a matter of minutes Di had tongued John's cock to hardness and
swinging around lowered her cunt over his cock.  Her knees were
tucked up beneath her and alongside John's sides.  From my
position, only five feet away, I got a fine view of her backside. 
With her legs splayed wide her cunt was wide open as she
descended to meet his cock.  She grunted as she took his cock
into herself and began to fuck him.  His hips responded.  They
were thrashing about and she began to come almost immediately but
John was not yet ready.  He reached up and held her hips still
while his ass lifted repeatedly off the bed to fuck her.  I could
clearly see his shiny cock first appearing than disappearing into
Di's stuffed pussy.  He kept desperately fucking her cunt and Di
seemed to orgasm continuously.  Finally John grunted held her
hips tight and shot his load.  After a moment he relaxed and Di
fainted onto him.

They stayed quiet for some time until Di finally slipped off John
and lay beside him.  She began to ask about me.  John told her
not to worry I "was out of it".  She wondered why I didn't have a
girlfriend and John told her that I was too shy and still a
virgin.  She told him she could fix me up with a friend who could
solve that problem.  John thought this was a great idea and Di
said she would set up a double date for next weekend.  They got
up and got dressed.

When Di went to the washroom down the hall John hurried me back
to me room and I slipped into bed pretending to be asleep.  As
John and Di made to leave they peeked into my room.  Di never
found out that I watched her making love to John.

                       Niki Takes My Cherry

The next day John came over.  We talked about the previous
evening and I told what a great show that he and Di had put on. 
He confessed that knowing I was watching really stirred him up. 
He then told me about Di's plan to set me up with a real hot
piece, one of her friends named Niki.  I was a little nervous but
he told me I would really like fucking something other than my
hand.  So it was all set for us to go our house the following
Saturday evening.  My parents were supposed to be away which John
said made it perfect.

The next Saturday John showed up with Di and Niki about seven. 
Niki was a really beauty.  Long dark hair a small waist and
really big tits.  She was really outgoing.  She was always
talking, teasing me and flirting.  After a while I loosened up.

I had rented a video and we all settled down in the rec room to
watch.  All four of us shared the couch.  Di sat in John's lap
and Niki and I sat together beside them.  We turned the lights
down and I was conscious of the heavy petting going on beside me. 
Niki wasn't to be left behind and a few minutes into the movie
began to stroke my upper leg.  She took my arm and placed it
around her shoulders so we could nestle closer.  I scarcely
remember what the movie was about.  After a few minutes she
whispered something to Di.  Di asked John to stop the movie and
the girls disappeared for a few minutes.  John and I grabbed some
beers and I gulped mine down.

When the girls returned I quickly realized they had removed their
bras.  Niki's tits bounced deliciously beneath her loose blouse. 
Both girls flopped down on the couch and John restarted the
movie.  I slipped my hand behind Niki's neck and she again began
to caress my thigh.  My cock was beginning to stiffen.  She took
my hand and slipped it inside her open blouse.  Her big tits were
firm but at the same time seemed so soft.  I was in seventh
heaven.  I thought I would come on the spot.  She whispered in my
ear how horny she was and reached down and began to stroke my
cock through my pants.  I looked over at John and Di but they
were madly groping each other's bodies.  They certainly had no
interest in the movie.

After a few minutes Di grabbed John's hand and lead him off down
the hall.  Both Niki and I knew what they were up to.  Once they
had left she stood up and stripped off her blouse.  Her tits were
magnificent.  She set down next me and asked me if I liked her
breasts.  Of course I agreed they were terrific.  She now began
to undo my belt and then my fly.  She began to ease my pants down
and I helped by lifting my ass off the couch.  My underwear went
with them.  My cock was about to burst.  She began to stroke my
cock.  I knew I wasn't going to last and I told her so but she
continue to massage my love muscle.  In moments I lost it and
shot load after load of cum high in the air.  She caught what she
could and once my cock had subsided she lapped up my juices from
the head of my prick.

She stood up now and slipped off her jeans and panties.  I had
never seen a girls cunt so close before but I wasn't to see hers
for long because she pushed me back on the couch and knelt over
my cock.  Grabbing it she directed my still hard and throbbing
cock into her cunt.  She lowered herself onto me and began to
thrust up and down.  Never had I been ready to come on such short
notice but I was higher than a kite.  My hips instinctively
responded and met her thrusts.  Her cunt was juicy warm and oh so
tight.  She kept moaning how good it felt and what a big cock I
had.  Her eyes were closed and her magnificent boobs hung above
my chest.  I reached up and massaged her right nipple.  She
looked down at me and told me not to stop.  Her hips were going
crazy by now but her body all of a sudden tensed and went into
convulsions.  I could feel her cunt alternately squeezing and
releasing my prick as I continued to pump her cunt.  She went on
forever and finally I too came in her luscious cunt.

She collapsed on top of me.  We were quiet for some time.  I
could feel my cock finally softening within her and when I moved
to get more comfortable I slipped from her.  Finally she
announced she had to go to the washroom and she disappeared down
the hall.  I got up after a few minutes.

                         Exciting Viewing

I could hear Di groaning with pleasure in the next room and got
up to investigate.  The door of the guest room next door was
partially open and as I peered through could clearly see Di and
John fucking up a storm.  John was on his back on the bed and Di
on her hands and knees above him.  She was lowering herself up
and down on John's juice covered hard dick.  John's feet were
toward me hanging off the end of the bed.  Di's ass was facing me
her knees drawn up beside John's chest.  From my vantage point
Di's ass were toward me.  I could clearly see her cunt splayed
open and John's big cock entering her then withdrawing.  Even
though I had just come twice in the last half hour my cock began
to harden again.  I remember reaching down and sliding it through
my fingers realizing that with Niki's juices it was well
lubricated.

I watched for only a few minutes when I heard Niki beside me. 
"Pretty exciting viewing." she commented in my ear and I only
nodded.  Never taking my eyes of the fucking couple, I felt her
hand on mine stroking my cock.  I removed my hand and she
continued to stroke my cock as we both watched them approaching
climax.  Next thing I knew Niki was on her knees and had taken my
cock in her mouth and was sucking me off. I had heard of blow
jobs before but until you experience an expert at work you don't
know what you are missing.  It was all I could do to keep my eyes
on the action in the room.  After a few minutes of her tongue I
lost control and began to concentrate on my own pleasure.  In the
meantime Di and John had reached their crisis and I must have
begun to moan my pleasures because when I recaptured my senses
they were sitting on the bed watching Niki lap the last of my
latest load from her lips.

That was all the sex for that night but Niki and I got to
together a few times after wards until she moved away.  She was
quite a piece for a young boy to lose his cherry to and I'll
never forget her.

                  College Interlude and Marriage

Over the next few years I really got into fucking the broads and
while I never met I cunt I didn't enjoy fucking nothing got me
hotter than watching sex in action I found.  When I got to
college nothing changed just it was easier to get a juicy "piece
of ass".  Towards the end of college I met Kim and before college
ended we were a pretty steady item.  While I had become pretty
experienced with sex, Kim was a real virgin when we met. I took
Kim's cherry on our second date and over the coming months
introduced her to all I knew about sex.  Our appetites for sex
were insatiable.  Every opportunity we took to get it on.

              A Dramatic Improvement in Our Sex Life   

We were married as college ended and I landed a good job although
I had to travel a fair bit.  Things continued great for a while
but then our sex seemed to go a little stale, that is until one
night at the monthly poker game that I have with Paul, John and
Kirk.  I could describe it in detail but I know that Paul's wife
Audrey and my wife Kim have written to you with the details.  I
know Kim's letter also talked about a very special evening of
group sex and what I would like to do is follow up with what
happened after I won the jerk off contest that helped determine
the women's winner of the most talented cunt contest.  Kim I know
told your readers about her part of the evening but I have more
to add.

I also know that Kim told your readers how I helped her fuck
Robert's big cock, her first strange cock, and that even though I
had just filled Kim's cunt with my load, how I got really hot
watching Sue and Audrey fingering themselves off while still bent
over and holding the ballet exercise bar and how Lucy sucked my
cock to another big hardon but I have to tell you it was just the
start of non stop sex for me.  After Kim with Robert, Kirk and
Paul in tow had departed the basement recreation room, I looked
around at the gorgeous babes that were mine for the night.  Lucy
had got me really going with her mouth but I wasn't ready yet.

Sue, her fingers dripping with her juices, was standing watching
my blow job and asked what they could do for me.  I was lost and
she suggested that we go over to my house to avoid the
distractions from upstairs.  Audrey seconded the motion.  As we
went upstairs we could hear Kim getting it on with her male sex
slaves.  It hadn't taken her very long to take advantage of her
prizes.  When we peeped in to the living room, Kim was slouched
on the couch her knees spread wide and Kirk was shoving his big
boner in and out of her dripping cunt.  Kim was massaging Paul's
dick but after a few minutes took his cock in her mouth and
sucked him long and hard while Kirk continued to fuck her pussy. 
We all watched as Paul first unloaded into her mouth and then
Kirk in her cunt and finally she came and came.

When they had all settled down I told them we were going to my
house and wished them good night.

                        Chinese Firedrill

It was a warm night.  Sue went to retrieve her clothes from where
she had changed earlier but I told her I liked her the way she
was.  She looked at me with glint in her eye and said that it
might not be safe to drive over to my house with nothing on.  We
settled on a compromise.  I told them they could only wear their
beach coats they came in or a T-shirt.  Audrey ever the
exhibitionist thought this was great and Sue seemed happy but
Lucy expressed her reservations.  I told her she was to do as I
said and reluctantly slipped on a T-shirt that Audrey offered
her.  I slipped on my bathing suit.  My cock was still hard and
watching these three beauties their asses barely covered by their
shirts didn't do much to reduce the swelling.  As we walked to
the car I watched excitedly Lucy's and Audrey's big tits clearly
evident through their skimpy shirts bouncing provocatively. 
Sue's beach coat was much less revealing in some ways but,
because it was only tied at the waist, if she even bent over a
little she flashed her boobs.  Audrey and Lucy climbed in the
back while Sue offered to drive.  I sat in front and as we pulled
out of the driveway reached over to Sue and slide my hand up her
thigh.  Her pussy lips were wet with her juices and I slipped a
finger into her cunt.

We had only gone a few blocks when we had to stop for a red
light.  Sue's cunt was getting really wet by now and she asked if
I was enjoying myself.  Of course my rock hard cock sticking out
of my swim suit told the story and she knew it.  Further down the
street we had to stop again for a light.  Sue suggested that it
was time for a Chinese fire drill.  We were all a little puzzled
until she told us it meant we all got out of the car run around
it once and get back in.  Lucy protested that somebody might see
us.  "Chicken." yelled Audrey as she bolted from the car and ran
around the front bumper.  Her bare ass was clearly visible.  I
think my cock grew another inch.  As she climbed back in she
mocked the rest of us and we took our turns running around the
car.  I thought Sue's boobs would fall out of her short little
beach coat but they didn't.  Lucy was trying to keep herself
covered up and was the last one back in.

When the light turned green Sue gunned the car and we went on to
the next red light.  "Chinese Fire Drill." yelled Audrey and was
out the door in a flash and around the car.  This time we all
followed.  On the other side of the intersection was another
young couple and I could see the surprised look on the guy's and
girl's face when they saw how little we had on.  I loved it.  

We raced off to the next red light.  Sue told us the couple we
had seen had pulled a U-turn and were following us.  They caught
up to us and followed closely to the next red light.  Audrey told
us to watch her and bolted from the car.  We all turned around to
watch her move around to the car following us. I watched in
amazement as she climbed onto the hood.  Her T-shirt was well up
over her ass.  The other couple sat dumbfounded.  Audrey then
mooned them through the windshield and pressed her ass to the
drivers side.  She sprinted back the car and climbed in and Sue
took off.  Sue told us she could see the girls head bobbing up
and down in the drivers lap.  We all knew he was getting a blow
job.  Sue suggested I needed one and Lucy volunteered.  Sue
pulled over and Audrey and I changed seats and Lucy proceeded to
suck my cock.  It was too much.  In moments I filled her throat
with cum and collapsed.

                          Degrading Lucy

By now we were nearly at my house. We pulled into the driveway,
Lucy seemed anxious to get inside and asked where the washroom
was.  Sue asked her if she had to take a piss and Lucy nodded. 
"Why don't you do it here on the lawn if you have to go so
badly?" Sue asked.  Lucy looked at her as if she was crazy but
Sue told her to go for it.  Lucy said she couldn't but Sue told
her that was the only way she would get relief.  I told her I'd
love to watch her.  Lucy told us we were perverts but in only her
T-shirt squatted down behind a big tree.  Sue told her, "Not like
that.  On your hands and knees like a mare."  Lucy complied. 
Immediately she assumed the position and spread her legs a yellow
stream spattered from her cunt into the grass.  Despite having
spread her legs, her inner thighs got covered in piss.  When she
was done she got up.  I ushered my guests into the house and
Audrey took Lucy off to the washroom to clean up.

Sue and I went down the hall to the den.  I told her to make
herself at home while I went to get us some drinks.  When I
returned she was perusing my collection of VCR tapes.  Her back
was to me and she continued to pull tapes from the high shelf. 
She knew I was there and said that I had "some pretty interesting
viewing here."  As I have noted several times before I really get
off on watching hot sex and my collection has some pretty
exciting tapes.  I told Sue that "The view from where I sat
wasn't bad either."  She looked back at me with a sly smile
realizing that I was watching her beautiful ass lustfully.  Every
time she stretched for a tape high above her head her short beach
coat raised to expose her backside.

                     "Whipped Up to Passion"

She continued to comment on the tapes and their subject matter. 
She noted a preponderance dealing with orgies, and lesbian sex
but seemed really taken with a group that had S/M themes.  She
asked if we could look at one and I suggested a recent
acquisition called Whipped up to Passion.  Sue slipped into the
VCR and sat down beside me.

The TV came on and credits began to roll.  On the screen was a
well dressed young business woman making a presentation to some
business men.  Her dark hair was straight and held in place with
a hair band.  She had large glasses and looked very business
like.  As the credits continued to roll we saw her get on a plane
with her briefcase and finally take a cab to her apartment.  She
slipped off her dress and slip and into a long housecoat and made
herself something to eat.  To this point there was no dialogue
but as she looked at her calender on the fridge she said "Shit."
and the camera zoomed in on an entry on it which said "Ken
10:00."  Obviously an appointment which she had forgotten.  Her
mind flashed back to making the appointment with her English
tutor.  We saw him handing her a book and telling her to study it
well because she would be examined closely on it next week and he
expected her to know it intimately, "Or else!"

Flashing back to the present she retrieved a book and as she ate
her supper we saw her begin to read it.  The camera zoomed in to
tell us what it was, "The story of O."  Sue glanced at me
knowingly and whispered that "This was beginning to get very
interesting."  As the woman on screen finished her snack she
continued to read.  We could see her blush several times and in a
voice over wonder how people could do such things.

Finally she finished eating and continuing to read went off to
the living room.  She slumped down on the couch and read on.  We
watched as she began to massage her right breast through her
housecoat as she read.  After a few minutes of this she slipped
her hand inside.  Never stopping reading she finally stood up and
slipped her robe off and her bra too so she was dressed only in
her panties.  She had big beautiful boobs.  She plopped down on
the couch again and continued to read.  Her hand now teased her
bare tit and nipple as she read on.  Her breathing was becoming
more rapid and her nipples erect as her passion grew.

She moved the book to her other hand and shifted to teasing her
left nipple until it grew stiff as well.  She finally put the
book down and using both hands, one on each tit, studied her
hands at work.  Her fingernails were painted a bright red and had
been left quite long.  Every few moments she would use them to
dig into the smooth soft flesh of her breasts.  Her actions
became progressively rougher until she was twisting her nipples
and I am sure causing herself considerable pain but she continued
to abuse herself.  Sue, I noted, was breathing more heavily and
massaging her nipples as well.  On screen the woman was really
into her pain and pleasure and appeared to be on the verge of
bringing herself to orgasm brutalizing her tits.  She finally
gasped as pleasure surged through her body.

The screen faded now and came back with her washing and dressing
the next morning in preparation for her 10:00 o'clock appointment
with her tutor Ken.  In several voice overs, Stephanie took us
back to choice pieces of "The Story of O." and wondered what Ken
meant by "Or else" in his direction about her homework.  At the
appointed hour he buzzed from the lobby and Stephanie, grabbing
the homework book, hurried down stairs to meet him.  As they
drove off together they exchanged pleasantries about such
subjects as the weather and the baseball scores as any teacher
and student might do.  Ken finally pulled into the drive of what
must have been his house and escorted Stephanie inside.

The sexual tension building on the TV was having an affect on me
too.  Even though I had dumped a big load of cum down Lucy's
throat only fifteen minutes ago my cock was beginning to show
signs of needing another release.

As they sat in his living room Ken asked Stephanie if she had
completed her assignment.  Stephanie said she had been really
busy and hadn't really had enough time.  Ken seemed upset with
this response and reminded her that he was very strict and
required that his students do exactly as he had directed.  She
had been warned to be ready.  If she wasn't he would punish her
severely.  He began to ask Stephanie questions about the "Story
of O".  The questions were quite basic and we had seen her
reading the relevant parts of the book but she seemed unable to
answer his questions.  She seemed to want to be punished for
being so naughty in not doing her sexual homework and was
deliberately screwing up her answers. 

Ken became increasingly upset and chewed her out for her lack of
preparation.  She made all sorts of excuses about not having time
and being out of town but he would have none of it.  Ken finally
could no longer bear to hear her pathetic excuses about why she
had not done her homework and told her she would have to be taken
down to his dungeon, where she would be dealt with in a way that
would remind her to do her work properly in the future.  She
looked rather scared at the prospect, but deep down we knew she
wanted it.

The next scene was in the dungeon.  It was dark and there were
lots of different sex gadgets and toys around the place.  First,
Ken made her change into a sexy black garter belt, black
stockings and high-heeled black shoes.  She came back from the
dressing-room with both her breasts out of the bra, so Ken could
see them easily.  She had removed her hair band so her long
straight hair hung down past her shoulders.  Her glasses were
gone too revealing her beautiful face.  Ken was furious though
with her because the seams of her stockings weren't straight.

"Put your stockings on properly," he ordered, flicking her bare
ass sharply with a riding crop.

As she bend down to do this he cracked the crop across her right
breast.  She winced with the pain.  When she stood up again she
looked a lot neater, and Ken inspected her minutely.

"Turn around slowly so I can look at you properly," he commanded.

She did as she was told.  He ordered her to bend over and from
behind probed her open cunt with his riding crop.

"To the cross," he bid, motioning to a large wooden , X shaped,
structure against the wall.

She walked to it and when she was there he inserted a gag into
her mouth.  When it was tied securely behind her head he told her
to turn around.

"Let's test it out and see what we can hear.  I don't want to
hear any of your pathetic crying."  So saying he brought the
riding crop down on her left breast, this time much harder than
before.  She screamed in agony.  "It needs tightening," he said,
and did it up one more notch on the leather strap at the back of
her head.  "Now go to the cross and face me."

He took some soft leather cuffs and strapped one on each of her
wrists and ankles.  Each cuff had a large metal ring attached.

Using these rings he now tied her up so that her hands were
reaching as far up as they would go, stretched tightly against
the black, heavy wooden cross.  "Open your legs," he commanded,
and when she had done so he tied them to the lower limbs of the
wooden structure.  Stephanie was now spread-eagled against the
cross, dressed only in her bra, pulled down to reveal her
breasts, and her garter belt, stockings and high-heeled shoes.

"Now for your punishment.  You'll never forget to do your
homework after this, I can assure you," he sneered.

Stephanie began to shake with fear and excitement.  She knew that
she'd asked for this and wanted it to be done, but was still
afraid of what he'd do.

Ken now selected a long, thin cane from his collection and stood
at one side of her.  He played with her nipple on that side,
teasing it gently with the cane and making it erect.  "You like
your body whipped and beaten, don't you Stephanie?" he asked. 

"Yes master," she replied muffled with the tight gag.

"What did you say?" he shouted.

"Yes master," she replied as loudly as she could with the gag in
place.

"Yes you do. You love being tied up and beaten.  It makes you
want to come doesn't it now?"

"Yes master," she mouthed more quietly under the supple leather
gag, nodding her head at the same time.

"Then we mustn't disappoint you must we?" he said stopping the
cane from caressing nipple for a second.

Just as Stephanie thought he stopped arousing her in the cruel
and sadistic way she so enjoyed, she felt the sharp edge of the
bamboo bite into her nipple as he caned it viciously.  She yelled
with pain.  He crossed to the other side and started playing with
the other nipple in the same way as before.

"We can't ignore this one can we?" he tormented her.  "We don't
want this one to be jealous," and with a cruel swish of the cane
he send her body writhing in anguish as her other nipple
shuddered under the blow.

Stephanie was now gently sobbing and obviously didn't want any
more.  He stopped for a moment and started to caress her breasts
and nipples with his hands.

"That better?" he asked, as he took her sore nipples one in each
hand and rolled them between finger and thumb, pulling them until
she squirmed with the pain.

"I expect your little pussy is ready to come now, Stephanie?" he
said feeling her vagina with several fingers.  She was wet and
highly excited.  She wiggled with delight as he delved into her
gapping hole.  "You don't think your going to come like this?" he
taunted.  "No you're not."

Now he had a riding crop in his hand and started to deliver soft
blows all over her belly, breasts and inner thighs.  Slowly her
whole body reddened with the repeated strokes of the cane.  She
arched her back and her breathing quickened.  He paid more
attention to her inner thighs and, working his way up her crotch,
starts expertly to whip her vulva from right between her legs at
the back, forwards to her clitoris.

She shook and trembled with pleasure as he rained blow after
expert blow on her genitals until she climaxed with a crying
moan.

He continued to pay her genitals the attention they craved, not
stopping with the crop until her body came to rest, exhausted
from her orgasms.  The camera zoomed in on her breasts covered in
red marks from the whipping.  It lowered to her thighs and cunt
and we could see the evidence the cane had left on her soft pale
flesh.  We could even see her love juices oozing from her cunt
and down her inner thighs.

By this point my prick was really throbbing but Ken was not
finished with disciplining his student for her failures.  He
released her from the wooden cross and lead her to a padded
trestle.  He reattached her ankle cuffs, one to each of the legs
of the sawhorse type device.  In this position her legs were
spread very wide.  Next he pushed her forward so she is bent
almost double over the trestle and he attached her wrists by the
cuffs to the other side of the trestle legs close to the floor. 
The camera panned in on her exposed body.  Ken disappeared from
view and reappeared with an immense dildo.  It must have been a
foot and half long and three inches in diameter.  He showed it to
her and told her she would enjoy being ravaged by it.  First
however he used his riding crop on her ass until she moaned
loudly at her punishment.

Ken now took the huge plastic cock.  At first he only teased her
clit and outer cunt with it until it was covered with her juices. 
Then he probed her cunt with several fingers to see if she was
ready.  Announcing that she was ready to be fucked by this horse
cock, he rammed it into her open cunt.  She groaned and
immediately she appeared to be moving as best she could to get it
all into her.  Her body thrashed about.  The sight of her trussed
as she  still was, with the black bra half on, her garter belt
and stockings and high heel shoes had me really going.  Her
teacher left the plastic cock in her cunt and watched as she
tried to bring herself off but to no avail.  He finally had mercy
on her and reaching beneath her cunt from behind we watch as he
stroked her cock filled cunt and clit with the tip of his riding
crop.  She went off with a moan.  Half of the plastic cock was
sticking from her cunt and we could see it twitch as the walls of
her cunt contracted about it.

Ken now slipped the plastic cock from her.  Her hole was wide
open and we could clearly see deep into her cunt.  He whipped her
ass with his riding crop yet again.  As she flinched her cunt
closed up.  Ken now slipped off his jeans and underwear to reveal
his large hard cock.  He stepped up behind her and slipped his
cock into her oozing pussy and took a few strokes and pulled
back.  Taking the handle of his riding crop he shoved it up her
asshole and moved it around viciously sneering to her that, "This
will loosen you up."  Ken removed the riding crop and threw it
aside.  He moved up to her ass and holding his cock to her
asshole drove his cock deep into her with one thrust.  She moaned
in pain but Ken ignored her and took up thrusting in and out of
her welt covered ass.  He didn't last long though and stiffened
and shot his load up her ass.  Collapsing in a heap behind her he
admired his prostrate pupil.  Finally he released her from her
gag and ankle and wrist straps.

In the next scene she was fulled dressed, all prim and proper
saying good bye to him as if nothing had happened.  He told her
he had a special treat planned for her next week and had invited
a woman friend along to help him with Stephanie's sex lessons.  A
she left she thanked him profusely for advancing her sex
education and he handed her a book telling her to study it for
next week, "Or else!"  Her giggle told us she would be ready for
next week or more likely NOT ready on purpose.  

                            Lucy's Ass

Lucy and Audrey had joined us by this time.  Sue told them the
little S & M had really got me worked up and she was right about
that.  Sue turned to Audrey and asked her what she thought of the
show.  Audrey told us she wasn't really into such stuff but she
knew others were.  Sue looked over at Lucy who blushed.  Sue and
Audrey seemed to know something that I didn't.  Sue noted my
puzzled look.  She went into a long explanation as to how Lucy
was into rough sex and how my wife Kim had helped to her to
fulfil her kinky sex need.  If my cock was hard before it was
about to burst now.

Sue told Lucy to come over to the couch.  She turned her around
and lifting the edge of her T-shirt told me to examine her ass
carefully.  Sure enough there remained faint marks of the ass
whipping that Lucy had been given.  Sue asked me if I had ever
fucked ass.  I told them that I hadn't had the pleasure and Sue
immediately suggested that Lucy would love me to fuck her ass. 
Lucy didn't seem all that keen but Audrey and Sue forced her to
kneel on a broad stuffed foot stool.  Audrey pulled her forward
and told her to get down on her elbows.  Of course this served to
raise her ass high in the air.  Sue pushed Lucy's knees apart so
they were two feet apart and barely still on the stool.  In this
position her cunt was wide open and her asshole plainly
displayed.  I dropped my briefs so my cock was ready for action.

Sue told us she would prepare my victim.  First she slipped two
fingers up Lucy's cunt and sloped them around.  When she withdrew
them they were covered in juice.  She applied some to my cock
until I was slippery than returned her digits to Lucy's cunt for
more.  This time when she withdrew them she quickly shoved one
than both up Lucy's ass.  Lucy groaned and complained that Sue
was hurting her.  Sue only told her that she would learn to love
it.  Sue now pushed me forward behind Lucy's ass and told me to
go for it.

I placed my cock on Lucy's asshole and with a gentle pressure her
ass yielded and my cock disappeared in her asshole.  She was
really tight.  Her sphincter squeezed my cock as I entered her. 
I began to fuck her in earnest once I had forced her open.  On
each inward stroke her asshole gripped my cock so tight that my
boiling cum was forced back down my cock.  On the outward stroke
her asshole tried to suck my cum from my cock.  The sensation was
indescribable.  I was in heaven in moments and my cum boiled from
my prick into her ass.  As I softened I could feel her ass
massaging my cock trying to draw every drop possible from me.

I collapsed onto the couch.  Lucy's ass was red and my cum oozed
from her asshole.  Audrey helped her up.  

I was desperate to go to the can by now and excusing myself
headed for a well deserved piss.  While there I took the
opportunity to clean off my poor swollen cock.

            Sex and More Sex with Audrey, Sue and Lucy

As I returned to the room where I had left my women, I could hear
soft classic rock emanating from the room.  When I came in Lucy
was reclining on the couch and Audrey was swaying erotically to
the music still clad only in the T-shirt she had entered the
house in.  Sue clad in her shorty beach cost was looking through
my CD collection.  She paused to watch Audrey as I slipped onto
the couch beside Lucy.

Audrey's eyes were closed as she concentrated on the music. 
After the first tune she said she needed someone to dance with. 
I think she was expecting me but instead Sue moved over quickly
to her.  A smile came over Audrey as she melted into Sue's arms.  
Lucy and I watched as they danced together.  Slowly they moved
closer to each other so their breasts met through the material of
their clothes.  As Sue gazed into Audrey's eyes, I watched her
hands leave her shoulders and slide down until each hand grasped
Audrey's ass cheeks.  She massaged them beneath her T-shirt and
pulled her lower body toward her until their cunts were rubbing
each other.  Things began to advance rapidly but there was an
interruption in the music as a song ended.

Sue said it was getting hot and breaking away from Audrey slipped
her beach coat off so she was totally nude.  Audrey followed suit
and slipped her T-shirt over her head.  The music started again
and they resumed dancing close together.  Audrey's hands had
slipped off Sue's shoulders and she began to caress Sue's
beautiful full tits.  They were both still gazing intently into
each others eyes ignoring Lucy and I watching them.

The next thing I knew they were madly French kissing each other,
their tongues obviously probing each other frantically.  Their
passion for each other was not lost on their audience and I could
feel my cock rising yet again.  I pulled Lucy closer to me on the
couch and began to fondle her tits but the position was awkward. 
I spread my legs wide apart and instructed her to sit between
them with her back to me.  In this position I could feel her tits
and cunt while I watched the lesbian display before me.

My cock after only a few moments was really getting hard.  I
don't know if it was the girls making love to each other or the
easy access I had to Lucy's full tits and juicy cunt.  I
whispered in Lucy's ear that she could help too and taking her
hand directed her fingers to her cunt.  She knew exactly what to
do and began to massage her clit while I continued to tease her
distended nipples.

Audrey was now on her knees before Sue trying to eat her cunt but
the angle wasn't quite right and she pushed Sue down on the floor
as the music shifted to yet another song.  As I probed Lucy's
juicy love hole with several fingers Audrey began in earnest with
her tongue on Sue's bald cunt with its swollen lips.  Sue seemed
to be in seventh heaven.  She was moaning and urging Audrey on as
her passion rose.  That was not all that was rising.  My cock was
throbbing away by now.  I lifted Lucy by her waist and pulling my
legs together lowered her onto my ready prick.

Just recalling this scene gets me hard.  I rocked slowly back and
forth with my cock just in her.  Lucy was able to reach down and
finger not only her clit but my balls.  She also stroked my cock
covered in her juices as it slipped in and out of her.  I
couldn't really see what Sue and Audrey were up to but I could
care less at this point.  I held Lucy by the hips as I worked in
and out of her cunt.  I controlled her movements on my cock until
I shot into her yet another load of thick cum.  She too was
reaching a climax and I could feel her cunt walls tensing around
my cock as she fingered her clit frantically.  She came with a
roar and slumped back against me, my cock popping free of her
cunt. I reached around to her cunt and scooped my cum from her
cunt and massaged the juices onto her tits.

I could know see Audrey and Sue frantically engaged in a sixty
nine.  Audrey was on top and grinding her cunt into Sue's face
while she ate Sue's hairless pussy.  It was Sue though who
climaxed first.  As she neared her orgasm she stopped eating
Audrey's cunt.  Audrey was going wild, her head thrashing about
buried in Sue's cunt.  Sue moaned and urged her on loudly.  She
arched her ass off the floor as if trying to help Audrey get her
tongue deeper into her.  Her body finally spasmed and she
collapsed on the floor fully spent.

Audrey though was hotter than ever and looking for sexually
relief.  She looked over in our direction and spied Lucy's
gapping cunt perched on my lap.  My love juices were dripping
from her onto my shrivelling cock.  Audrey left Sue lying on her
back on the floor where she seemed to have passed out and crawled
over to Lucy on the couch.  She immediately began to lap up the
love juices oozing from Lucy's cunt.  Lucy began to moan with
pleasure and in a matter of seconds she too was on the verge of
orgasm.  As Audrey worked on Lucy perched on my lap, I reached
around her and teased each of her tits.  Her nipples were swollen
and hard.  Remembering how she liked to be abused, I began to get
rough, pinching her nipples and twisting them.  Her moans of
pleasure grew louder and she began to thrash around in my lap. 
It is a wonder that Audrey could keep her tongue on Lucy's cunt
let alone her clit where I knew she was concentrating.  Like Sue
only minutes before Lucy orgasmed only this time it was in my
arms and I was tormenting her boobs and nipples.

Audrey still had not come but Sue had recovered and was now
standing behind Audrey wearing a big plastic cock.  She ordered
Audrey to get down on her elbows and knees.  With her ass high in
the air Sue knelt behind her and fed the big plastic phallus into
her anxiously waiting cunt.  I watched in fascination as Audrey's
tits swayed back and forth, her nipples grazing the floor.  Sue
was pounding the cock in and out of her and Audrey was yelling at
Sue to "Fuck me! Fuck me REAL good!"  It didn't take long for
Audrey to reach her first climax.  Even when she had come she
kept on pumping her ass back into Sue and the big cock probing
her cunt until she came a second time.  Finally she collapsed
forward onto the floor.

Sue removed the cock from her waist and reaching down to a
plastic bag pulled out another sex toy.  This time it was a big
double ended cock.  She ordered Lucy to get her ass over to her
and pushed her down on her hands and knees.  Sue pushed her legs
apart and proceeded to feed one end of the cock into Lucy's
gapping cunt.  Now Sue got on her hands and knees with her ass
towards Lucy and reaching beneath herself guided the cock into
her cunt.  Sue now began to rock back and forth.  Audrey had
gotten off the floor and knelt beside the women engrossed in
their own pleasure.  As Lucy and Sue worked the big cock in and
out of each others cunt, Audrey ran her hands over first Sue than
Lucy's swaying tits.  After stirring them to new heights in this
way, Audrey reached down to play with their cunts.  My cock began
to swell yet again at the erotic sight before me.  I really get
off watching women pleasuring each other.

Lucy and Sue were intent on their own pleasure and Audrey
realized they really didn't need her help.  She saw my cock
though and crawled over to suck me off.  My balls were hurting
from so much sex but my cock wanted to unload again.  As Audrey
deep throated me and Lucy and Sue began their orgasms, I unloaded
down Audrey's throat.

I must have blacked out because I remember nothing more until I
awoke the next morning in my bed.  It was nearly noon.  I could
hear music in the kitchen and smell coffee brewing.  I took a
quick shower and grabbing a house coat went downstairs to find
Kim sipping a coffee and doing her crossword puzzle.  She asked
me how I was and I admitted a little sore but sexually satiated. 
She told me she was likewise.  She told me the girls had had to
put me to bed and that she hadn't gotten home until four herself. 
I had scarcely moved when she had gotten into bed.

The next day was I ever sore.  My balls were sore and I thought
my cock would fall off.  Need less to say sex was the last thing
on my mind.  Kim didn't seem much better.  She seemed to be
moving pretty slowly and when she sat down it was pretty
gingerly.  By Monday I was feeling better and so was Kim.  My
curiosity about her adventures with her sex slaves was growing. 
Sex was on my mind again.  I asked her about it but she didn't
provide much of a response other than it had been great.  By
Tuesday I was feeling my randy old self again and Kim was getting
sexually frisky too.  When I suggested a "romp in the hay" though
she suggested another game.

                    The "Sexual Celibacy" Game

"Sexual Celibacy" she called it.  The plan was for us each to
abstain from sex until the weekend and the two of us would be
really horny by then.  She was right about the last part.  I
would certainly be desperate by Friday night.  I said I would try
but wasn't sure I'd be able to.  She promised me it would be
worth it.  "And no playing with yourself either." she admonished
with a twinkle in her eye, "Or else you'll have to serve some
sexual penance."  That sounded interesting.  I told her I'd be
good but she'd better be too.

By Wednesday I was starting to get really horny and ever bit of
fluff that walked by seemed to harden my cock.  Kim seemed to go
out of her way to tease me as well.  Over the beginning of the
week she let little hints drop about what a great time she had
had the previous weekend and asked me about my feelings.  By
Wednesday my curiosity got the better of me and I begged her to
tell me all the details.  She did, but wanted to know everything
I had done with Lucy, Sue and Audrey.  Her story and thinking
back on mine excited the sexual juices in both of us but Kim told
me to wait until Friday and told me we were going to take care of
her uncle's place for the weekend.

Kim's uncle is very wealthy and lives on a big estate in the
country not far from us.  We don't see him often because he
travels a lot.  There seem to have been a lot of break ins in the
homes near him.  He has a husband and wife who act as his cook
and gardener and live in a small house at the back of the
property who would watch over the place but they were on holiday.
In their place he asked Kim and I to come and "house sit" the
next weekend while he was away.  Of course Kim told him we would
be happy to.  I was really looking forward to having the run of
his immense house and estate.

By Thursday morning I wasn't sure if I could wait until Friday
evening.  I buried myself in my work though and got through the
morning. 

                        Mike's FIRST Visit

Just before lunch there was a personal phone call for me and one
of the office clerks found me out on the office floor.  I took it
in my office.  Kim was on the line.  "Guess who just arrived?"
she wanted to know.  I didn't have a clue.  "Your younger brother
Mike."  We hadn't seen my brother since the day we were married. 
He must be sixteen by now I thought.  "He's just passing through
on his way to Europe for a couple of weeks,"  Kim went on, "And
he has a few hours to kill.  Why don't you come home early so we
can visit with him."  I would have loved to, but my work was
really backed up and told Kim I would try to be home early but
couldn't be there before three at the earliest.  "He's a really
gorgeous hunk but a little shy." she told me.  "He's just changed
into this darling skimpy speedo and headed for the pool.  What a
delicious ass he's got."  Kim seemed to be getting as horny as I
was.  I hung up and tried to get back to work.

I began to wonder if Kim could keep her part of our bargain to
avoid sex until Friday with what was an obviously an appealing
young stud flaunting himself at our house.  My cock began to
throb at the prospect of the two of them getting it on.  Finally
I said, "To hell with it." and slipped out of the office and
headed home.  Our house is twenty minutes away and as I got
within a block of our house I decided to park out of sight and
sneak up to the house unannounced.

There was no one in the street and I slipped quietly up the
driveway to the back gate.  I peered through the slats in the
gate.  There was Mike bouncing on the diving board .  He
certainly had grown up since I last saw him.  He had broad
muscular shoulders and chest.  He had a tight ass and the crack
showed above his brief speedo.  The lump in the front of suit
certainly demonstrated his potential male endowment.

Just then Kim appeared from the house.  She was dressed, or
should I say undressed, to kill.  She had the briefest bikini I
had seen on her.  The top was two patches held together by string
and the bottom might as well have been a G-string.  I watched
Mike pause in mid jump on the diving board as she came into view. 
He was obviously taken by her.  The action was beginning to heat
up and I wanted a better view.  I decided I would risk slipping
upstairs to our bedroom which over looks the pool.

I slipped quietly in the side door and upstairs aware that my
cock was swelling in anticipation of the scene developing beside
the pool.  As I peered over the edge of our bedroom window I
could see the entire pool laid out below me.  Kim was lying on
her stomach on a lounge chair directly below me not more than a
dozen feet away.

Mike was now standing chest deep at the edge of the pool nearest
to and only ten feet away from Kim.  From where he stood and
Kim's position facing him I knew he had a great view of her
boobs.  The bedroom window was open and I could hear everything
they said.  They chit chatted for a moment.  Kim did most of the
talking and I noted that Mike was pretty shy in his responses. 
Kim decided she had better get some tanning lotion on.  She began
to apply it to her face and arms but when she came to her neck
she suggested that Mike help her.  He was out of the pool and at
her side in flash but I thought I caught a glimpse of a huge
bulge developing in his speedo.  I am sure Kim noticed too.

Mike took some lotion in his hands and began to lightly spread it
over Kim's shoulders and back.  Kim told him to rub it in and
after a moments hesitation he worked the lotion into her smooth
back.  He was being careful to avoid the thong holding her bikini
top in place.  Kim told him to not miss any places.  She sensed
he was having trouble where the thong was and reaching to one
side released it.  Mike now finished her back.  Kim asked him
next to do her legs.  Mike took some more lotion and starting
with her feet worked his way up to each of her knees in turn. 
"Make sure you get the tops too."  She added innocently.  I think
Mike was blushing by this point but he did as directed.  I
watched with anticipation as he massaged the sun lotion into the
backs of her delicious thighs.  He stopped just as the curve of
her ass started.  "Don't miss my bum either." Kim cautioned him. 
Mike spread some oil lightly on her ass.  Kim told him to work it
in and he did.  I thought I could detect rising sexual tension in
Kim as did so.

"Better do the sides of legs so they don't get burned either." 
Mike taking some more lotion applied it to the outside of Kim's
legs.  "The insides too." Kim added when Mike seemed to stop. 
Mike was quite tentative and Kim told him to rub it in.  I know
how soft her inner thighs are and how sexually sensitive she is
there.  I heard her moan softly and tell Mike how good he was. 
After a few moments he withdrew his hands and stopped.  Kim
looked up at him and asked him if he would also do her front.  He
blushed and nodded.

Kim rolled over and of course without the thong holding her top
in place it remained flat on the chaise lounge.  Mike gulped when
her beautiful boobs appeared.  Kim lay back and closed her eyes
and told Mike to start with her shins.  He did as directed.  When
he shifted to get into position I could see he was fully erect. 
He was huge and the tip of his cock stuck up above his speedo. 
Mike worked the lotion into Kim's legs up to her mid thigh.  Kim
certainly seemed to be enjoying herself.  "All the way to the
top." she mumbled, her face deep in concentration when he seemed
to stop only half way up her thighs.  He went all the way until
his oil covered fingers grazed her bikini covered pussy.

Next she suggested he do her stomach and he began to slowly cover
her tummy and sides.  His hands moving slowly up her body until
they grazed the sides of her delicious breasts.  Without even
opening her eyes Kim told him to, "Go ahead oil my tits."  I know
when she starts to use cruder language words like "tits" instead
of breasts that she is getting excited.  Mike worked in earnest
spreading the lotion around her boobs.  His hands were slippery
and her boobs glistened in the sunlight.  He was now being more
proactive in the massage and not waiting for Kim's direction.  He
teased her nipples and Kim mumbled how good it felt.  He
continued to fondle her breasts until Kim told him he had missed
the lower part of her tummy.  He slipped his fingers down her
stomach and redid her tummy, this time covering the portion right
to the tiny piece of cloth covering her pussy.  His hand moved
higher and back down again to the edge of her bikini but they
always withdrew before he went any further.

"Let me help." Kim finally said impatiently and slipped her hands
over her stomach covering them with oil as she went down and
underneath her bikini.  Both Mike and I could see her fingers
working in and out of her cunt through the bikini.  It only
covered the very centre of her pussy and her frantically working
digits could be seen protruding out the sides.  Her back began to
arch and she was groaning that she was going to come.  She
collapsed in orgasm back onto the chaise lounge as her body
pulsed powerfully with her orgasm.

Mike could not take his eyes off his sister-in-law.  Finally Kim
opened her eyes and seeing Mike's amazed look slipped her bikini
bottom off too.  She took Mike's hand and placed it on her pussy
and told him to "Do me again."  Directing his fingers Kim began
to get herself off again.  One moment she had him stroking her
clit or inner cunt lips the next she pushed his fingers deep into
her sopping pussy.  I could clearly hear the sloppy sound her
cunt made as they both worked her to a new high.  Again she
neared orgasm and her body arched off the chaise lounge.  As
before her body took over and throbbed with the intensity of her
pleasured orgasm.

Mike withdrew his fingers and began to lick them clean.  At this
point Kim realized what a turned on animal she had.  His cock was
now sticking a good three inches above his bathing suit and she
reached over and began to stroke it.  It seconds he groaned and
shot his load high in the air.  The power of each jet was
something to behold.  He went on for at least ten seconds with
ropes of white cream a foot in the air.  Most fell on Kim and
when he finally stopped coming she rubbed it all over her boobs.

Kim told Mike to stand up and she slipped his speedo to his
ankles.  Kim now sitting on the edge of the chaise lounge took
his still erect cock in her mouth and began to suck him hard. 
her cheeks collapsed under her efforts and Mike began to groan. 
His hips started to pump and Kim had to hold his cock with two
hands to maintain some control.  The kid must have been ten
inches long.  In only a minute Kim had him coming again.  This
time in her mouth.  GOD could that kid ever come.  He filled
Kim's mouth and even thought I saw her swallow some spilled from
the corners of her mouth.  She continued to suck his cock but he
was beyond resuscitation so soon after the release of two quick
loads.

I was beside myself.  I wanted desperately to release my load but
at the same time Kim and I had agreed to no sex before Friday
night.  But then again there was Kim fooling around with my young
brother.  Not that I minded.  The show was really great.  I
decided I had better get out of the house before they found me. 
I slipped down the stairs and was out the side door just in time
as the phone rang and I could hear Kim coming in to get it.  I
glanced at my watch as I hurried up the street.  It was nearly
2:30.  I decided to drive around for half an hour and get home at
three to visit with my young "shy" brother.

                          Kim's Penance

As I drove I began to think about the deal that Kim and I had
made for no sex until Friday.  The penalty we had agreed would be
some sort of sexual penance.  But what kind?  As I began to think
the problem over my mind wandered back to the pleasure I had
gotten from watching my sister Karen get it on with her friend
Liz.  Why not tell Kim that she was to arrange to put on a show
for me with her fifteen year old sister .  That sounded great and
maybe they could perform like Audrey and Sue had as well, maybe I
should fuck Kim's ass just as I had done to Lucy too.  My cock
was throbbing urgently again and I shifted to thoughts of work a
couple of blocks from home so my cock wouldn't betray me.

When I came in Kim and Mike were fully dressed.  Everything
appeared normal except Kim seemed a little standoffish.  Mike,
Kim and I talked for a couple of hours and then it was time to
take him to the airport.  Kim and I drove him out and saw him
off.

On the way back I asked Kim how her afternoon had gone.  She only
said, "Fine."  I tried to get more details from her.  She told me
they talked beside the pool but she was evasive as to what they
discussed.  She never could lie.  I told her that I hoped she and
Mike had lots of suntan lotion on.  Her faced turned quite red at
this line.  She knew the jig was up but said nothing.

I proceeded then to tell her that I had spent the afternoon
dreaming about a young woman seducing a sixteen year old beside a
swimming pool.  How she had a really skimpy bikini on and how she
had coaxed him to spread suntan lotion all over.  How she
gradually ended up undressed and him massaging her all over.  How
she became so aroused she had to finger herself off.  How she had
shown him how to finger her off and how she had brought him off
manually and with her mouth.  I told her the thought of it had
almost caused me to break our "Sexual Celibacy" agreement. 

Kim finally blurted out that Mike was just too much.  She
couldn't stop herself and while she regretted breaking our
agreement she was really glad I had enjoyed the show so much. 
"Did you know he was still a virgin." Kim added and that
surprised me.  "He has an immense cock too,"  she went on,
admitting that he was as big as Robert.  She seemed to be getting
excited again by her thoughts of Mike.

"What about our deal though?" I interrupted.  "What sort of
sexual penance are you going to do?"  She was a little taken
aback by this side of our bargain.  "A deal's a deal." I reminded
her.  "What else had happened after the lotion episode?" I asked. 
She maintained sternly that nothing else sexual had taken place
than what I had seen.  I was relieved I hadn't missed anything. 
We were almost home and I said I would think up something before
bed time.  My mind was flashing back to my plans I had made that
afternoon after I had snuck out of the house after my spying on
them.  I let her worry though. 

Kim seemed pretty nervous over the rest of the evening
anticipating what I might tell her she had to do to atone for
misbehaviour with Mike that afternoon.

Finally at nine I took her aside and told her she should take a
quick shower and return to the den in the nude ready to do her
penance.  She seemed mystified but did as I had directed.  I
stripped off my clothes and put on a short house coat.  I
retrieved a tube of KY jelly from the guest bathroom.

I waited for Kim anticipating how it would feel to fuck her tight
little asshole.  My cock swelled with anticipation.  Kim finally
peered around the corner into the den.  She asked me if I was
ready for her to do her penance.  I certainly was I assured her
flinging back my house coat to display my erect manhood.  She
oohed and pranced into the room nude.

I told her that I was glad she enjoyed being a fuck sandwich for
Paul and Robert the last weekend and I had really enjoyed fucking
Lucy's ass so I had decided to try hers.  She blushed and timidly
asked if she had to.  I told her in no uncertain terms that that
was to be her penance.  "If I must." she said but first I
directed her to make my cock really hard by sucking it.  She had
no problem with this and sinking to her knees began to lick and
suck in earnest.  She was doing a wonderful job and I nearly
forgot what she was preparing me for.  In fact I wasn't sure she
figured if I blew my load down her throat her asshole would be
spared the reaming I intended for it.

Finally I pushed her away and told her kneel on the edge of the
couch.  She climbed up on the couch and with her knees on the
edge placed her forearms on the couch back exposing her gorgeous
ass.  I stepped up behind her and took some KY jelly and having
greased my middle finger, slipped it easily into her asshole. 
She moaned.  I finger fucked her asshole for a minute than add a
second finger forcing her open even more. 

Next I withdrew my fingers and slipped my erect prick into her
cunt.  She groaned with pleasure at this turn of events and I
proceeded to plow her cunt.  She felt wonderful and tight but
this wasn't what I had planned and slipped from her.  I placed
the tip of my cock on her puckered asshole and eased my red hot
prick passed her sphincter until I was deep in her shit hole. 
She was really tense and tight.  I told her to relax a little and
began to gently push and pull my cock in and out of her.  Each
time I pushed into her I could feel a wonderful back pressure
pushing down my cock to my prostrate and the need to release my
load of come became more urgent.  In only a matter of minutes it
was too much and with one last push I began to spurt off deep in
her bowels.

I didn't remember a lot after that but collapsing, spent and
totally played, out on the couch beside her.  Kim did give me a
gentle kiss and thank me for being so gentle.  She whispered in
my ear that if that was ALL it took to repent of her digression
with my brother I had better watch her more carefully in future. 
There seemed to be a special meaning in this.  She seemed to be
saying that she really enjoyed her ass fucking and my watching
her making out with Mike.


To be continued

Jim  



Dumb Wonder always enjoys comments.  Contact can be made at
dumbw@hotmail.com. Those who make comments may enjoy advance
copies of this continuing saga.




       Fun and Games - Part - 11 - Jim adds to the story
                                
                          Cathy Again
                                
As we prepared for bed we packed a few items for our weekend at
Kim's uncle's estate.  "By the way," Kim casually remarked,
"Cathy called today.  She is flying in tomorrow morning for the
weekend.  I invited her to join us.  I hope you don't mind."  Of
course I didn't mind.  My cock throbbed at the thought of what
had happened the last time she was at our house.  Your readers of
Kim's letter will remember that Cathy is Kim's fifteen year old
sister and that she had flaunted her sex for me. Kim had caught
her at it and given her a spanking which we both believed Cathy
had really been after.

After the lights were out and I snuggled up to Kim spoon fashion
and dreamed of Cathy.  Kim commented on my hard cock poking into
her ass.  "What are you thinking?" she remarked suggestively. 
"Cathy." I responded.  Kim always curious and sensing something
interesting wanted to know more.  "Just dreaming of you seducing
her the way you did Mike."  I replied.  "Oh!!" She retorted. 
"You'd like to see that I suppose."  Of course I would and she
knew it.  She reached behind her gave my cock a squeeze and as
she drifted of to sleep mumbled.  "Dream about it big boy. 
Dreams can come true."  My prick pulsated at the pleasant thought
and I slipped off to dreamland.

The next morning after a quick breakfast I kissed Kim a quick
goodbye and told her I would see her at her uncle's as we had
arranged.  "I think you should come by here about eleven."  she
winked at me suggestively and my cock began to throb again. 
"Dreams do come true." I remarked as I left.

When I got to work I reorganized my work so I could leave by
10:30 for the weekend.  My boss was very understanding.  When I
got close to our house I parked as I had the day before away from
the house and slipped down the street.  Kim's car was parked in
the driveway.  I slipped up the driveway and as with the day
before Kim was sitting by the pool but this time she was talking
to her lovely sister Cathy was also there.  They were both
wearing halter tops and cut off shorts.  I slipped upstairs to
our bedroom to my perch over looking the pool from the bedroom
window.  I could hear them talking about girl stuff.  As I
watched Kim glanced at her watch and noting it was eleven that
there was just time for some tanning before lunch and they went
over to their uncle's.  I slipped into the walk in closet in case
they decided to change in our bedroom.

As I peered through the louvred doors Kim appeared but Cathy
wasn't with her.  Kim suspected I was in the closet and went
straight for the door and came in.  She gave me a hug and deep
passionate kiss.  "Are you ready for another dream like
yesterday." and grabbed my dick.  It was betraying my sexual
desires already.  She gave me another kiss and retreated into the
bedroom without a word from me.  She quickly changed in to her
thong/ bikini grabbed some sun tan lotion and left the bedroom. 
I gave her a minute or two to get back downstairs and went back
to the window to spy on the scene below.

Kim was reclining on the chaise lounge on her stomach.  Her arms
were folded under her head as she dozed under the summer sun. 
After a moment or two the fifteen year old Cathy appeared.  She
sat next to Kim on a deck chair.  Cathy had on a bright red one
piece suit.  It was cut really high in the legs and barely
covered her pussy and ass.  I thought I caught a glimpse of honey
blonde pubic hair which matched the curly shoulder length hair on
her head.  The back of the suit was really low and the front cut
low as well.  This suit was never designed for swimming only sun
bathing and teasing the male population.

Kim handed Cathy the sun tan lotion and asked her to do  her
back.  Cathy took some lotion and began to lather it on Kim's
shoulders and down her back.  She jumped over the strap holding
her top in place and covered Kim's lower back.  She stopped short
of her ass crack which was easily visible since her bikini bottom
covered so little.  Kim told her she had missed a spot and
reaching behind her undid her bikini top.  It fell to the side
and Cathy rubbed the tanning lotion into the spot she had missed.

"Do my legs too."  Kim requested.  Cathy got up from her chair
and knelt beside Kim and rubbed sun tan lotion onto first one
than the other of Kim's calves.  "Do the tops too." Kim
continued.  Cathy seemed to blush a little as she rubbed the
lotion over the backs of her sister's legs.  "Make sure you do
the sides too." Kim was becoming quite demanding of service from
Cathy.  Cathy complied kneading the cream onto the outsides of
Kim's upper legs.  "Don't forget the insides too."  Cathy taking
more lotion stroked it onto Kim's soft sensitive inner thighs. 
"Ooh that feels good."  "Do my ass too."  Cathy did as directed.

The whole scene looked very much like what I had scene the day
before.  Kim rolled over on her back.  Her eyes were closed. 
"You're so good you might as well do my front too."  The fifteen
year old blushed again but said nothing only gazing at her
sister's exquisite breasts displayed before her.  "Come on."  Kim
told her insistently her eyes never opening.  Cathy began by
rubbing some lotion on Kim's shins and upper legs. She the moved
gingerly up to cover her tummy.  She seemed to spent an undue
amount of time there realizing next she would have to touch her
sisters luscious tits.  Kim her eyes still closed told her
insistently to "Do my boobs."  Cathy softly rubbed Kim's left
breast than her right.  "Ooh that feels good." Kim softly
whimpered.  Cathy seemed to be getting into it and paid special
attention to Kim's nipples which were now standing to attention.

Her eyes still closed Kim shifted and slipped her bikini bottom
off.  Cathy gasped, "You don't have any hair."  Kim opened her
eyes and told her that that was a special trick she had learned
and would show her later but taking Cathy's hand drew it down to
her pussy.  She directed Cathy's hand to stroking her.  Kim
immediately began to moan and squirm around under the pleasuring
she was getting.  Cathy seemed to know what she was doing and in
a matter of minutes my wife began to come under the skilful
fingers of her sister.  I am sure Kim came several times than
finally pushed Cathy's hand aside.

Cathy sat there in stunned silence.  Kim finally opened her eyes. 
With a twinkle in her eyes she said to Cathy, "You were very
naughty to do that to me, weren't you?"  Cathy seemed bewildered
and blubbered something like, "But you told me to."  "But I
didn't expect you to go that FAR.  I think you deserve a spanking
for being so naughty.  Up to my bedroom immediately."  Cathy was
onto the game now.  Your readers will remember Cathy's kinky
interest in being spanked and Kim's catering to her strange
appetite in her letter. 

I almost missed my cue to get into our walkin closet before they
came into the bedroom.  I was into the closet and had just closed
the louvred doors when I heard them coming down the hallway to
the bedroom though.  The doors were opened a crack and I could
plainly see my delicious wife and her sister the vixen.  Kim was
nude and Cathy still had her bright red one piece bathing suit
on.  I knew it wouldn't be long before she lost it.  My cock was
throbbing from having just watched Cathy finger her sister off
and in anticipation of what was about to happen to her.

Kim told her to get out of her suit.  Cathy slipped the shoulder
straps off and wiggled her way out of the rest of her bathing
suit.  Cathy has lovely young firm breasts and a slim waist and
gorgeous ass.  Kim was sitting on the edge of the bed watching
Cathy undress.  "Get your ass over here." she ordered after Cathy
had stepped out of her bathing suit.  Cathy came over and stood
before Kim.  Kim told her to lie across her lap.  I watched
excitedly as Kim began to slap repeatedly Cathy tender young
backside.  In a few moments it began to redden.  Kim was finding
the exercise hard on her hand though and reached behind her and
grabbed an 18 inch ruler she must have strategically left there.

After half a dozen whacks she paused.  Each stroke had left a
large red mark on Cathy's ass.  Kim told her to get up.  "You had
better be good from now on," she lectured Cathy.  "No more being
naughty." she paused for effect, "Unless you are really, really
GOOD."  The gleam in her eye left no doubt what she meant by
"GOOD".  Cathy told her she would be good if she only knew what
she had to do.

Kim directed Cathy to get down on her knees beside the bed.  Kim
placed her ass on the side of the bed and leaned back with her
arms locked behind her supporting herself.  She spread her knees
wide apart.  "You liked my bald pussy.  Have a closer look." 
Cathy moved her face only inches from her sister's bad cunt.  "If
you want to be GOOD, eat me out."  Cathy paused and Kim added,
"Unless you would prefer another spanking."  Cathy moved in
closer and began to lap at Kim's outer cunt lips with her tongue. 
They were both sideways to me maybe six feet away and I had a
pretty clear view of the action.

Kim mumbled something like how good it felt and told her to lick
her inner cunt lips.  She began to moan and after enjoying
Cathy's tongue action murmured for her to stick her tongue up her
pussy.  Cathy tried as best she could but she didn't seem to be
getting in deep enough to satisfy Kim.  "Lick my clit" Kim
whimpered as her passion rose.  I watched fascinated as Cathy
lapped at Kim's clit which I knew would be swollen with her
mounting sexual lust.  Cathy was having a tough time staying in
contact with Kim's pussy because she was moaning and thrashing
about as her climax built within her body.  Throughout she was
sighing, "Oh Yes. Oh Yes." obviously pleased with what Cathy was
doing for her.  Finally she came and came and came.  Cathy didn't
stop her tonguing until Kim pushed her away satiated for the
moment.

Cathy lifted her head up.  Her lower face was covered in Kim's
juices.  She stroked her nipple quietly watching my wife's pussy
still convulsing as her orgasm died away.  After a minute Kim
regained her composure and told Cathy she was pretty GOOD but it
was time to make her feel GOOD.  She directed Cathy up onto our
bed and spreading her legs began to do for her what she had had
just done for her.  Cathy was much more vocal in her passion.  As
Kim spread her legs apart and began to lap at her down covered
pussy Cathy groaned out.  "Ooh.  God that feels good.  Oh fuck,
that feels good."  She kept up the string of profanities and
moans of pleasure until she began to thrash in her climax.  She
seemed to come and come.  Kim had given up trying to keep her
tongue in her sister's cunt and had two fingers shoved up her
cunt while she flicked Cathy's clit with her thumb.

I was so caught up in the action I didn't realize that with her
other hand she reached under the pillows on the bed and retrieved
her favourite dildo.  She withdrew her juice covered fingers from
Cathy's cunt and replaced them with the realistic plastic cock. 
Cathy groaned out her pleasure yet again and went onto several
more orgasms while Kim fucked her with the dildo.  Finally
Cathy's body began to relax and Kim withdrew the cock from her
cunt.  She obscenely licked Cathy's juices from it.

When Cathy had regained control of her senses Kim asked her if
she would like to have her pussy shaved too.  Cathy seemed unsure
and asked if it hurt and about razor burn but Kim assured her
neither of these were a concern.  She lead Cathy into our ensuite
bathroom and I could hear the water running as they drew a bath
for Cathy.

I could sort of see their reflection in the mirror opposite the
walk in closet as they waited for the bath to fill.  Kim told
Cathy to soak in the bath for a few minutes and showed her where
the towels were.  "I'll be back in a few minutes." she said and
closed the bathroom door behind her.

My rod was aching from all the sex I had watched and I knew it
wouldn't take much before I shot it all over the place.  All of a
sudden the closet door opened and there was Kim.  She put her
finger to her lips and indicated I should be quiet.  She was
still nude and dropped to her knees in front of me and undid the
fly of my pants and released my throbbing dick.  She took it
between her lips and proceeded to suck me off.  In seconds I
delivered my load down her throat.  She swallowed it all.  Stood
up licked her lips and gave me a quick kiss and told me I should
leave while Cathy was in the bath.  While I would have liked to
watch Cathy get her pussy shaved that would have been difficult
to do in secret so I slipped out of the house.  I knew that there
would be more sex later. 
 
                          House Sitting

I went and had something to eat and did a little shopping waiting
until it was time to head out to Kim's uncles place.  Kim's
uncles place is set well back from the road and protected by
dense high hedges from the public. One approaches the large house
by a long winding drive through long rows of trees.  The lawns
and gardens seem to go on forever.  When I pulled up to the side
entrance to the house Kim's car was already there.  The weather
promised to be the best we had seen all summer and the weekend
was off to a great beginning already.

I went in through the side door and could hear voices from the
kitchen.  My fifteen year old sister-in-law, Cathy was barefoot
and dressed in a sweat suit now.  I could hardly wait to see what
I knew would be her newly shaved pussy.

I greeted her with a kiss.  Kim explained that Cathy was just
there for the night.  She had been passing through and Kim had
invited her out to their uncle's with us.  Kim and Cathy had a
bottle of wine open and I helped myself.  Kim told me to start up
the gas barbecue, that they had some burgers almost ready.  I did
that and grabbing the suitcase Kim had packed for us, went and
quickly changed into some shorts, my sneakers and a T-shirt. 
When I came back the barbecue was ready and started cooking the
burgers.

The girls joined me and we made small talk while I cooked and we
ate.  The wine flowed freely and the conversation drifted to the
last time what Cathy thought was the last time I had seen her. 
At first there was only a hint of innuendo but after a few
minutes the discussions became quite frank.  Cathy admitted as we
had suspected that she had planned her sexual seduction in
advance of her last visit with us and that it had worked out even
better than she had planned when Kim had caught her and given her
a spanking.  She admitted she really liked being tied up and
spanked.  Kim knew that I was really into voyeurism and told
Cathy that I had really enjoyed the show.  I could do nothing but
agree that it had been a tremendous turn on.

The phone rang at this point and Cathy scampered inside to answer
it.  There was a gleam in Kim's eyes when she looked over to me
ogling Cathy's backside as she entered the house.  Kim told me in
no uncertain terms that I could look but wasn't to touch without
her approval.  I was sure that that could be arranged and my cock
which had been swelling since I had arrived in anticipation of
things to come, surged to a new level of excitement. 

Kim and I cleared up and carried the dishes inside.  Cathy told
us it was only their uncle checking to see if everything was
alright.  We scrapped off the plates and loaded the dishwasher. 
Cathy announced she was going to explore the house.  She hadn't
been there before and it had been some time since Kim and I had
either.  Kim told me to finish cleaning up then I could explore
as well.

The house is arranged in a large "U"  The kitchen and pantry area
form one side of the "U".  The dining room, living room, library
and games room, are the bottom of the "U" and the master bedroom
and ensuite bath the other side of the "U".  I knew upstairs
there were two guest rooms.  Within the "U" is a large patio and
the pool.  The kitchen facing the patio was largely glass and I
could see clearly across the patio to the master bedroom.  Since
the curtains weren't closed I could see Cathy and Kim exploring
the master bedroom.

I finished my tasks in the kitchen and hurried along the corridor
which linked the rooms and bordered the patio, to the bedroom. 
The master bedroom was huge.  There was a king size bed in the
centre and a separate area with a couch and easy chair.  There
was a fancy sound system and large screen TV, VCR and even a wet
bar with fridge.  Off the bedroom was the bathroom with toilet,
bidet and an oversize shower with two shower heads.  Off the
bathroom was a cedar lined room and hot tub.  Kim had turned the
sound system on and soft music wafted through the house.

                          The GAMES Room

Kim asked if I had seen the games room and when I said "No" she
took my arm and told me to come with her.  Cathy followed us.  My
curiosity was running wild.  The atmosphere was charged with
sexual expectation.  Kim ushered me into the games room.  It
didn't look unusual to me.  It was lined with rich dark wood
panelling and there was a card table at one end and a pool table
in the centre.  In the corner seemed to be a bar.  Kim directed
my attention to a series of pictures on the wall though.  She
made sure however that I could only see them in order from left
to right.

Each was poster sized with a metal frame and mat to set them off
and a plaque below.  The first was of a woman of about 20 in a
lovely knee length skirt and delicate white blouse.  She had
lovely eyes and dark hair which hung down to her shoulders.  She
was leaning against the pool table with a cue in hand in the very
room we were now in.  She seemed to be looking at me with a "Dare
you." look as I gazed at her.  Kim directed my attention to the
plaque.  "The Challenge," it read.  "Laura issues a challenge. 
Winner take ALL."  The capitalized "ALL" made a definite
suggestion.

Kim now allowed me to look at the next picture.  In this one the
same woman was leaning well over the pool table to break the
balls.  From what I could see she had a gorgeous body.  I almost
wanted to reach out and grab her luscious ass.  The plaque below
the picture read "Let the game begin."

Then Kim directed me to the right for the next picture.  Here was
the luscious Laura stretched out across the pool table with only
one foot on the floor and the other leg bent up and her knee
resting on the edge of the pool table attempting a long shot. 
Her cue was stretched out ahead of her down the length of the
table and she was concentrating on the shot.  The exciting part
was she was that she only had on some skimpy lace panties and a
very revealing bra.  This was becoming more exciting by the
minute.  In this pose with her legs spread wide, it was easy to
see her pussy pressed against the crotch of her panties.  She had
beautiful long legs and her ass looked even more desirable.  The
plaque read, "A tough shot."  It was indeed a tough shot in more
ways than one.

Kim now directed me to the next picture.  Laura was again bent
over the table but all she had on were her lacy panties.  Both
her feet were on the floor and her lacy panties had almost
disappeared into the crack of her ass.  There was just the
faintest glimpse of her swollen panty covered cunt visible
between her legs.  She was nude from the waist up in this picture
and the nipples of her luscious tits almost touched the green
felt of the table as she concentrated on her shot.  This time the
plaque said, "Last chance."  I was dying to see the next picture
but it was missing.  There were several more spaces on the wall
but no more pictures.  What a let down.

When I looked up Cathy was leaning against the pool table with a
cue mimicking the pose Laura was striking in the first picture. 
"Wanna play a little STRIP pool?" Cathy wantonly asked.  I looked
over to Kim and she said she wouldn't mind a game either.  What
more could I say.

Kim fetched a cue for herself and me as Cathy racked the balls
up.  I could scarcely wait to get them undressed.  Kim told us
that if we missed sinking a red ball we had to remove a piece of
clothing.  There was no penalty for missing the others.  That was
fine by me so Cathy broke.  I'm not much of a pool player but I
have had some practice and so has Kim but Cathy at first seemed
like a real shark, sinking some very difficult shots right off
the bat.  She finally missed a red ball and casually slipped her
sweat suit top off without so much as a comment from either Kim
or myself.  Underneath she was wearing a daring lacy bra which
barely covered her nipples.  Kim took over and easily sunk a red
ball but missed one of the coloured ones and it was my turn.  I
sunk a few shots but too missed a coloured ball and it was
Cathy's turn again.

Watching her lean over the table lining up balls was a real cock
tease.  This time her aim wasn't much better but after caroming 
off the cushion twice it went into a pocket.  Her luck stopped
then and she missed a coloured ball.

Kim's turn and of course she made her red ball and several
coloured balls as well before it was my turn.  I had a difficult
shot and missed.  Kim looked at me and said, "Fairs, Fair!"  I
slipped off one of my shoes.  It seemed a little strange with
only one shoe on but it was now Cathy's turn again.  I could feel
my cock swelling in anticipation as I watched her bending over
the pool table lining up her shot.  She managed to sink a red
ball and a coloured ball but missed the next red ball.  I was
full of anticipation as Cathy slowly lowered her sweat pants.

All she had on now was her daring bra and a lacy pair of white
panties.  Kim told her to turn around so that I could admire her
gorgeous bawd.  Kim had her pause and lean over the pool table. 
This served to accentuate her beautiful bum.  Kim commented on
her gorgeous full ass. I thought I had died and gone to heaven. 
Kim reached over and pushed Kim's panties up higher on her bum so
they crept into the crack of her ass.  I was beside myself and
Kim could tell.  Kim told Cathy to leave her panties like that. 
I loved it.

It was Kim's turn now.  She took a few shots and did quite well
but eventually missed a red ball too.  Kim was wearing a pair of
conservative shorts and a nice white blouse.  From the sway of
her tits I knew she was braless.  She removed her blouse to
expose her swelling breasts.  She quickly told me it was my turn. 
It was hard to concentrate with all the sex around and it showed
when I missed my next shot.  I slipped off my other shoe so that
I was now barefoot.

I could hardly wait for Cathy to miss again.  I sensed she was
missing on purpose.  I didn't have to wait long but in the
meantime I got a wonderful view of her ass with her panties
disappearing into the crack.  When she missed the first red ball,
she looked over to Kim knowing she was supposed to remove some
more clothing but coyly asked, "Do I have too?"  The answer was
obvious and she slipped her bra off exposing her stunning tits.

Kim took her turn and didn't have much better luck.  Watching my
wife bend over the pool table and her boobs swaying as she took
her shot turned me on even more.  She too missed and without a
murmur slipped her shorts down.  She was wearing the briefest
kind of a G-string underneath and her ass was an eyeful too.  She
had obviously anticipated such a display of her bawd.

My turn again.  Nobody seemed to be able to concentrate and I
wasn't doing much better either.  I managed one red ball and a
coloured but missed the next red one.  I slipped my T-shirt off.

Cathy's turn was next.  This time however she seemed to be on.  I
didn't really care.  Just watching her bend over the pool table,
her tits swaying and nipples grazing the green felt turned me on. 
My cock was rock hard by now.  Kim whispered in my ear asking if
I was enjoying the show.  Of course I was.

Cathy's ass was a sight.  I lost track of how many balls she sunk
but it was a red ball she eventually missed and it was time to
take off her panties.  She did so with her back to Kim and I,
sliding them down over her thighs.  She too had a G-string on. 
Kim told her she looked great and Cathy blushed.  Kim suggested
she give me a show.  Still with her back to me Kim directed her
to spread her legs wide apart and bend over from the waist. 
Between her gorgeous thighs I could see her tits swaying and the
swell of her young cunt barely covered.  Kim told her to stroke
herself and my cock throbbed as I watched her eyes close and her
hand caress her pussy through her G-string.  Finally Kim moved up
to her and slapped her ass and told Cathy that that was enough.
It was Kim's turn.

Kim was down to just her G-string and I could hardly wait for her
to miss a red ball but it was a coloured one that she finally
missed after a long string of points that gave her the game lead
by a wide margin.

I made a few shots and missed a coloured ball so I didn't lose
any more clothing.  I could hardly wait for Cathy to miss again
though.  We had brought along some wine and Cathy had been
sipping pretty steadily and the affect was beginning to show.  I
thought I was going to come in my pants as she bend over the
table for her shot.  It should have been pretty easy but she
missed it.  Under the rules she now had to remove her skimpy G-string.
Kim told her to get it off.  I was bug eyed as she did
so.  Cathy quickly sat on the couch and crossed her legs modestly
so we couldn't see her sex.  I knew she had had her pussy shaved
but it was hard to see much by the way she was seated.

Kim now proceeded to line up her shot.  As she did she wiggled
her ass at me.  I was in heaven.  Her tits swayed deliciously but
she had no trouble with her shot but missed a coloured ball.

I made my first red ball and the coloured and the second last of
the red balls but missed a coloured so that it was Cathy's turn
again. 

Watching Cathy's mouth-watering young body as she moved around
the table finding her shot was almost too much.  She finally
picked a long shot.  This necessitated she lean well over the
table.  She hesitated then bent over the table.  In order to
maintain her balance she lifted one knee up on the table.  From
behind her gorgeous and now hairless cunt opened up so her pink
inner self was clearly evident.  Kim noticed too.  It was obvious
now that Cathy was showing off for our benefit.  Kim moved over
to her side and began to massage her ass.  Cathy tried to
concentrate on the shot but it was impossible and she missed. 
She protested that it "Wasn't fair." so Kim said she could try
again.  This time as Cathy leaned over the table Kim slid her
hand beneath Cathy's ass and stroked her pussy.  Cathy groaned
and rotated her ass.  When she finally took her shot she missed.

I proceeded to clear the board but Kim had too big a lead and
when the game ended she had won.

                     Cathy Gets an Education


Kim had been watching me closely and turned to Cathy and noting
that my cock looked like it was about to burst asked Cathy if she
would like see to it.  Cathy was quick to reply that, "She had
never seen a REAL cock."  Kim asked me to stand up and undoing my
pants slide them and my briefs over my ass and rigid pecker, to
the floor.  Grabbing my cock Kim began to stroke it slowly
watching my precum ooze from the tip.  She kept up a running
dialogue for Cathy as she stroked my prick.  I closed my eyes and
enjoyed what she was doing.  I heard her tell Cathy my balls were
full of cum because I hadn't shot a load since the last weekend
which wasn't true but there was a big load there never-the-less. 
She then began to lick my cock pausing every few moments to tell
Cathy how much I liked to be sucked off.  Finally she took my
dick between her lips and sucked in earnest.  Kim really knows
how to "deep throat."  It didn't take long for me to feel the
familiar pressure build within me and as I was about to shoot Kim
withdrew her mouth.  I remember the strong spasms and load after
load of cum shot in the air.  Kim caught most of it in her mouth
although some spattered on her face.  When I had stopped shooting
she licked her lips and wiped the rest from her face.  She
offered Cathy a taste of my white jism and Cathy licked her
fingers clean.    

Kim puzzled then asked Cathy what she meant by "She had never
seen a REAL cock".

"Well I've seen pictures of cocks and even saw a dirty movie once
but," and here she blushed and diverted her eyes, "I'm a virgin
and haven't seen a REAL cock."  

Kim directed Cathy to tell us about the dirty video.  Kim knew I
loved voyeuristic sex and would enjoy Cathy's tale.  Cathy
proceeded to tell us how a year ago one of her girlfriend's
parents had been away for the weekend and she had kept her
company.  They had somehow got hold of a litre and half bottle of
wine and between the two of them polished it off.  They were both
pretty high Cathy told us.  Her friend had suggested they watch a
video she had found in her parent's room.  They had hunkered down
on the couch and watched what turned out to be a XXX video.

"There were all sorts of very explicit scenes with two girls and
a guy,"  Cathy said.  At this point Kim interjected and told her
to be more specific.

"Well, the girls danced together and kissed and undressed each
other and then made love.  The guy got undressed too and joined
them."  Cathy explained.

Kim wanted her to be still more specific.  "Tell us in detail,"
she said, " I want to hear words like COCK, CUNT, PUSSY, and
TITS, descriptive words like HARD, WET, TIGHT, and FIRM."

Cathy started again this time describing in detail what she saw. 
Hearing my sweet young sister-in-law talk about the girls in the
film french kissing, fondling each other's "firm tits" was really
turning me on but when she went beyond the phrases and words that
Kim had suggested it was obvious she was not as naive and getting
really into it herself.  She told us in detail about the girls
"licking each others nipples until they were hard little nubs",
"fingering their clits and plunging their fingers deep into each
other's cunts", how the guy "stroked his cock" and after the
girls had each taken a turn at "sucking his cock" he had "fucked
one of the girls 'doggy style' until they had both come".  Cathy
then told us how the girls had then taken turns "eating each
other out until they too came".   

Cathy confessed it had really turned her on.  By the end of the
story I was ready to go too.  My cock was as hard as a rock and
it was obvious to both Kim and Cathy.  It was Kim's idea that
Cathy get a chance to feel a REAL cock and bring me off.  That
was O.K. by me and stretching out on the couch, waited to be
attended to.

Cathy sat on the floor beside me and as Kim directed, began to
gently stroke my cock.  Kim told her to wrap her hand around my
cock and slide it up and down squeezing my cock as she did.  It 
felt wonderful and I could feel my cum rising in my balls.

Pre-cum began to appear and Kim directed Cathy's attention to it.
Using it as a lubricant Cathy continued stroking my dick, her
eyes riveted to my throbbing cock.  Kim now suggested that she
lick my cock.  Seeming to know exactly what to do Cathy began to
lick up and down the shaft.  Without further suggestion from Kim
Cathy took the whole head in her mouth.  I could feel her tongue
teasing the sensitive underside of my cock just below the head. 
I thought I would come right then but when she started to deep
throat me it was too much and I shot my load into her mouth.

Cathy took it all and after licking me clean continued to softly
message my cock.  Kim still couldn't believe that Cathy was a
virgin.  She wanted to know if that was all that happened with
her girlfriend that time and Cathy admitted there was more.  Of
course both Kim and I wanted to hear what else had happened.

After the video Cathy told us that her girlfriend had stripped
off her clothes and showed Cathy how to self pleasure oneself. 
Cathy had tried it and been doing it almost daily ever since. 
Things progressed even further when they used the girlfriend's
mother's dildo on each other.  They had even eaten each other out
Cathy admitted.  Apparently after this one episode though Cathy
never saw her friend again.

I remember turning to Kim at this point and suggesting that since
she had given Cathy a tour of the male sexual anatomy, I should
give her a guided tour of the female anatomy in the interest of
her further education.  "Good idea,"  Kim replied with a glimmer
in her eye.  Kim had lost all her clothes during the game but her
G-string.  As I stood beside the pool table I told Kim to stand
with her back to me facing Cathy.  I stood behind her and I spoke
to Cathy.

I told Cathy that most women like to have the nape of their necks
nuzzled and kissed gently and proceeded to demonstrate on my
wife.  Kim groaned in agreement as I did so.  After a moment I
stopped.  I went on to explain to Cathy that a woman's breasts
are very sensitive as well and continued to demonstrate by gently
stroking and massaging Kim's glorious tits.  Then I moved on to
her nipples and informed Cathy that these were another area of
sexual sensitivity in women.  I teased each in turn until they
grew hard and stood proudly above her boobs.

I slipped my hands down Kim's soft smooth sides until my hands
rested on her firm ass cheeks.  I gave each a squeeze and told
Cathy they felt really good and Kim added it turned her on too.

Next I asked Kim to remove her G-string.  She quickly did as I
asked revealing her hairless pussy.  As Kim stood in front of me
totally nude, I turned her slowly around so my fifteen year old
sister-in-law could see her from all angles.  I then resumed my
guided tour of her body for Cathy.  First I showed Cathy how soft
and smooth Kim's inner thighs were.  Kim told us as Cathy and I
both stroked her how turned on she was getting.  Next I had her
bend over and spread her ass cheeks so I could show Kim her
puckered asshole.  I told Cathy I had fucked her ass the previous
night for the first time.  Kim, "Oohed," and wiggled her ass
indicating that she had enjoyed it.

Now we had reached the real centre of a woman's sex, "Her cunt." 
I asked Kim to lie on the couch and place one leg over the back
and the other rested on the floor.  In this position she was wide
open for Cathy's further study.  Crouching beside her I showed
Cathy where Kim's cunt hole was, her inner cunt lips and most
importantly her clitoris.  I noted for Cathy that Kim was getting
turned on because she was starting to juice up and invited her to
feel for herself.  Kim body shuttered as Cathy's fingers dipped
into her swollen cunt.  I showed Cathy how to Kim liked me to
stroke her cunt lips and we both watched as Kim's clit began to
grow under my manual stimulation.  I let my fingers gently flick
Kim's clit and her body began to tense and arch as a prelude to
her orgasm.  Before she could come though I demonstrated for
Cathy the impact finger fucking and clit stimulation had on Kim. 
It was too much for Kim she went off and I told Cathy I could
feel her inner cunt squeezing my fingers tightly as she spasmed.  
I invited Cathy to see if she could do the same.  Cathy took over
with relish, her eyes fixed on Kim's swollen cunt and her fingers
stroking her clit while with the other hand she plunged two
fingers in and out of her cunt.  Kim went from one orgasm to the
next several times, until I suggested to Cathy that I show her
another way to make her sister come.

Cathy moved aside and I began to tongue Kim's clit and suck at
her cunt.  Kim despite several orgasms rapidly began to come
again and I finished her off quickly then Cathy had a go. 
Finally Kim pushed us away.  She was totally satiated she said.

It was "Time for bed," Kim announced and knowing that phrase had
two meanings she clarified, "to sleep."  She was all fucked out. 
I think Cathy wanted to join us but Kim insisted she use the
spare room.  She was afraid I would get up to something with her
if we were in the same bed and she was probably right.

Before we went to sleep Kim suggested that we might let Cathy
watch us fuck in the morning to yet further her sex education. 
With this pleasant thought in my mind I went quickly to sleep.

                   Cathy's Education Continued         

When I awoke I could hear Cathy and Kim in the kitchen and
grabbing a house coat wrapped it around me and headed to the
kitchen as well.  Cathy and Kim both had short housecoats on as
well and were just finishing breakfast at the breakfast bar.  I
grabbed a bowl of cereal and sat down with them.  Kim was asking
Cathy how she had slept.  Cathy was pretty non committal which
prompted Kim to probe what was the problem.

It turned out that Cathy's mind was still racing through the
events of the evening of sex with us.  Kim asked her to tell us
more.  I could hardly wait.  There is nothing turns me on more
than listening to an attractive young woman talk graphically
about sex.  My cock was already beginning to respond.  She told
us she had really liked losing the pool game, in fact she had
missed shots she knew she could have made.  She really liked me
ogling her.  She went on to say playing with my hard cock and
making me come was a first for her.  Fingering Kim's pussy was
really great too.  She told us she had gotten so turned on
thinking about our sex session that she had fingered herself off
several times after she went to bed.  She confessed she was still
really horny despite it all.  I know with all her talk of sex I
was getting really turned on too.

I was a little unsure how to initiate Kim's suggestion that we
further Cathy's sex education be letting her watch us screwing. 
I didn't have to worry because Kim took the initiative after
breakfast.  She took my hand and lead me to the living room
telling Cathy to come along too because she would find it really
interesting.

When we got to the living room Kim dropped to her knees and
opened my house cost and without a word took my swollen member in
her mouth and began to suck.  I was half erect before we started
but in a minute or two I was really ready for action.  Without
taking her lips off my cock Kim opened her housecoat and I
watched as she began to finger her pussy.  Cathy had taken a seat
on an overstuffed foot stool close by.  When Kim was ready she
released my cock and stood up directing me to sit on the edge of
the couch.   She pushed my housecoat aside and told me to lean
back on the couch.  I was almost lying on my back.  Kim, with her
back to me stepped over and straddled my legs.  She reached
between her legs and slowly lowered herself onto my cock.  She
was really open in this position and I slipped into her easily. 
Kim told Cathy to pull her stool closer so she could see better. 
Cathy was bug eyed.  I knew she could not have seen better my
cock fucking my gorgeous wife's pussy at a better angle than
this.  Her cunt would be splayed open.

Kim began to lift herself slowly up and down.  I could feel my
cock almost slipping from her when she was at the top of her
stroke.  Kim asked Cathy if she could see alright.  She didn't
have to ask but Cathy described what she could see.  "Jim's cock
is really hard and wet." she began.  "His cock is gleaming with
fuck juice.  Every time you lift up I can just see the top of his
mushroom head." she went on.  "Your inner cunt lips cling to his
prick too when you lift off him and when you take him into you
they disappear into your cunt.  Your clit is really swollen too." 
"That's because I'm getting really turned on and close to
coming." Kim replied almost out of breath.  She was working
pretty hard and despite the position my hips were flexing to
drive my cock as deep into her as I could.

We kept this up for a few minutes and I heard Kim tell Cathy to
feel her clit.  "It's really hard." Cathy commented and I could
feel her fingers sliding down the shaft of my cock as I withdrew
and thrust into Kim's cunt.  She was frigging both of us as we
fucked.  I began to come shortly afterward and my orgasm brought
on Kim's.  Even after my climax had passed Kim continued to come
until my shrinking dick plopped from her dripping cunt.  Cathy
continued to finger her sister until she had come a number of
times and finally stopped.

"That was great." Cathy told us and directing her question to her
sister asked.  "Can I suck him hard again and try him out myself. 
I'd like him to take my cherry."  I was surprised to hear Kim
tell her, "No fucking way!  He can play around but he's not
allowed any strange screwing."  Kim climbed off me.  Cathy was
taken aback by Kim's sudden changing attitude of what had been a
sexually charged climate.

Kim told me to go get dressed and as I wandered down the hall
back to our bedroom I could hear them talking.  I had a long
shower and slipped into some shorts and a T shirt.  Kim and Cathy
were dressed and sunning by the pool when I finished dressing. I
don't know what Kim had told Cathy but she seemed a lot happier
when I joined them.  We shot the breeze for some time until we
realized it was time Cathy had to leave to catch her plane.  Kim
drove her to the airport while I relaxed in the sun and read by
the pool.

When Kim returned she confided to me that she had been prepared
to let me fuck her sister but that she had another idea which I
would like even better.  I couldn't think what would better than
getting into Cathy's delicious love box.  Cathy would be passing
through again in two weeks.  This was the same weekend my brother
Mike was to return from Europe Kim pointed out.  I was prepared
to trust Kim's judgement and be patient until then.

The rest of the weekend passed uneventfully at least sexually, we
were both spent.  In fact the next event of significance was
Cathy's and Mike's return two weeks later.  In the intervening
weeks I bugged Kim to let me in on her plans but as usual she
kept me in suspense.

                         Fun by the Pool

Conveniently both Cathy's and Mike's planes arrived at the
airport within a couple of hours of each other on Saturday
morning.  As usual it was gorgeous day and Kim had planned an
afternoon of swimming and sunning by the pool before the fancy
dinner she had planned for the evening for the four of us.  Kim
and I drove out to the airport to pick up our two house guests.
With them and their luggage in the car, we headed back home just
before lunch.  As we travelled we pumped Mike for details of his
trip.  He was still the shy and retiring type we had sent to
Europe two weeks before though.  We had lunch at a burger stand
on the way home and arrived in our driveway by two.    

Kim showed Cathy to her room and I took Mike to his.  I told him
we planned to spent the afternoon around the pool and left him to
change.  I went to change too.  Having changed into my suit I
went down to the pool.  I met Kim in the hall and she gave me a
very long deep kiss.  I was anticipating events to come and was
already getting steamed up.  Kim's kiss didn't help.  She
squeezed my cock and told me I'd like what was going to happen in
the next few hours.

When I got down to the pool Mike was already in the pool.  He had
on the same skimpy and tight fitting speedo he had worn when Kim
seduced him two weeks before.  I offered him a beer and retrieved
them from the fridge in the kitchen.  When I returned Cathy and
Kim had joined us.  Kim had on one of her more modest two piece
suits but it was still plenty skimpy.  Cathy's though was as
skimpy as they came and barely covered her breasts showing lots
of delicious soft flesh.  The bottom part like Kim's was
relatively modest and at least partially covered her ass.  All
eyes were glued on her bouncing breasts and Cathy flaunted it
parading over to sit beside Kim and I.   I offered her a beer too
but she and Kim decided they would prefer some wine so I went off
to open a large bottle for them.

We all sipped our drinks.  Cathy and Mike swam and cavorted in
the pool.  There wasn't a lot to see of Cathy while she was in
the water and Mike stayed in as well and kept his distance.  Only
when they stood at the side of the pool sipping their wine and
beer was it possible to see how little they had on.  "How about
some diving?" Cathy suggested after a while, and Kim and I
watched eagerly the display of young flesh climbing out of the
pool and heading to the board.  "See the bulge on that boy." Kim
whispered to me with eyes of lust gazing at Mike.  She was right
he certainly seemed to be well built.

Mike dove first and entered the water flawlessly.  He treaded
water watching as Cathy came to the end of the board.  She
appeared to slip as she dove off the end of the board and didn't
enter the water at all cleanly.  She blubbered to the surface a
moment later.  "Oh shit. I've lost my top." she declared.  Mike
disappeared beneath the water and a moment later surfaced holding
aloft the ever so brief piece of cloth which was her bikini top. 
Before he could give it to Cathy, Kim told him to bring it over
to her.  He took her direction and Cathy protested but to no
avail.  This was getting interesting.  Kim took the bikini top
from Mike and Cathy climbed unashamedly from the pool toward Kim
in pursuit of her top.  Her gorgeous boobs swayed deliciously as
she chased around the pool after Kim.  Mike and I were enjoying
the show.

Cathy gained on Kim but Kim whipped Cathy's bikini top into the
pool.  Rather than retrieve it Cathy instead grabbed Kim's top
and ripped it off her and threw it in the pool too.  That seemed
to end the chase.  Kim turned to me and asked rhetorically "If I
minded if they didn't put their tops back on?"  Of course I
didn't and Mike was not even consulted.  The girls remained
topless.  A few minutes later Kim began to lather herself
innocently with suntan lotion.  She came to her breasts and
sensuously massaged the oil onto her boobs.  She paid special
attention to her nipples and they swelled to hard little nubs.
Nothing more sexual happened though and we chatted, drank and
swam away the afternoon quite innocently all the while the sexual
tension kept rising.  Mike's cock was scarcely contained and he
spent most of the time in the pool protecting his obvious hardon
in his suit beneath the water.  Cathy and Kim enjoyed his
condition and were always trying to force him into situations
where they might catch a glimpse of his bulge.  Their best chance
was when he made dashes to the can to empty his bladder.

Jim
To be continued

Dumb Wonder always enjoys comments.  Contact can be made at
dumbw@hotmail.com Those who make comments may enjoy advance
copies of this continuing saga.                             




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dumb Wonder


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





