BDSM Library - Visit from Marge and George




Visit from Marge and George
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girls love parties, love sex, love s/m. They want to have some new adventures. Well, guys are happy to help.
Visit from Marge and George

Marge called me from Seattle. Marge is my sister in law, Mikes brother George's
wife.

Just hearing her voice excited me as it brought back memories of our
"Playtimes."

Mike and George like to watch us compete to see how much punishment we will
accept willingly. Just moving out of position or screaming makes you the loser.
It is really hard to stand with legs open and hands on head while your pussy and
breasts are abused. The loser has to eat the winners pussy. I  don't have
lesbian tendencies so I really try hard. Especially since Marge likes to heap
verbal abuse on me when I do it and spank my ass with a cane until she cums.

She filled me in on her adventures. They are super rich from old inherited money
and spend all their time travelling to find new amusements. They had spent a
year in Europe and she said I had to go to Amsterdam and to Germany. She said
the Germans had brought torture to a fine art and there were private shows. She
assumed the girls either had to be true masochists or highly paid to absorb all
that punishment.

Marge and I are vain and don't want our bodies scarred so we avoid burning and
whips that will cut us. Fortunatly Mike and George agree since they like to show
us off by entering us in wet t-shirt contests or amateur nude dance contests. It
makes them proud to have all those men wanting us while only they can have us.

She said they had brought back a bunch of toys and also a couple, Yves, and
Alicia they had met in France  while attending a show.  She said they were young
at 22 and 21 and just getting into S/M but Alicia seemed willing to try anything
and was a fantastic cuntlicker and cocksucker. She said Yves knew little about
female anatomy and she had to convince him the outer pussy lips were no more
sensitive than tummy skin and also breasts except of course for nipples and
clit. She also said Alicia was not very courageous and often moved out of
position which allowed additional punishment.

We arranged to meet at the Space Needle for dinner and drinks. It was obvious
Alicia was not bashful since she was wearing a low cut silk cocktail dress
hemmed to mid-thigh. The bumps made by her nipples and the lack of panty lines
made it obvious the dress was her only garment.

After dinner  we took them to Boeing  airport to fly back to the ranch with us
for the weekend. I have a Cherokee Lance which holds six people and luggage
easily. The GPS allows us to find the ranch easily and when we arrive we just
put the radio on our frquency and click the mike button three times to turn on
the runway lights.

Alicia and Yves were quite impressed. After landing I turned on the flood lights
to walk to the house. Alicia loved our Olympic sized pool and my fish ponds that
have fountains I have made from copper.

She loved the house. I am really proud of it. I designed it and it is all made
of heavy timbers and rock. There are open beams to make it handy to be hung up
and folding rings in the floor hidden by throw rugs.The first floor is an open
plan with just partitions for the kitchen and walls only in bathroom which is
all Italian tile with a huge Jacuzzi.  She felt at home when she saw the bidet.

As usual the men went immediately to the bar to make drinks and talk about dumb
things like sports . We girls got drinks then sat on the leather chairs around a
round glass coffee table to talk about the important things like sex. Alicia
hiked up her skirt to have her bare ass on the leather saying she loved the feel
of leather. She especially liked this because I had the furniture upholstered in
deerskin which feels a lot like human skin.

We talked about S/M and Marge and her agreed the German women were crazy
allowing terrible things like hanging by their tits, being burned and having
nails driven through their nipples and pussy even the clit. Hanging by the tits
would eventually stretch them so badly they would hang down to their navel.

She said she saw a man use a propane torch to burn the hair off a girls ass and
pussy which made her shudder. I told her that actually that wasn't too bad. The
hair burns swiftly and goes out as soon as the flame hits the skin so as long as
they keep moving the torch the skin just turns red like a sunburn.

She said, "Really. Maybe I should try it. Yves says the hair hides my pussy and
here in America I am a little embarrassed by the hair in my armpits."

I said, "Yes. You should. You can't be truly naked with hair on your pussy. It
is almost like wearing a fur G-string.  Also the men can't see the marks so they
don't know how hard to hit the pussy.

She shuddered and said, "Yves hasn't hit my pussy yet. Is it really awful?"

"No the only part real sensitive is the clit. But that is really sensitive."

"Oh I know. I just have to touch it to send tingles through my body."

Then she complained, "Yves doesn't understand that he should start easy and work
up to greater pain. He is so anxious to see marks he hits hard right from the
start and it isn't sexy. Also he likes to give me over the knee spankings which
just remind me of my father and turns me off."

"Haven't you ever told him that?"

"No. Our first experience was my offer to let him give me a Birthday spanking so
I guess I started it. When I told him he should start easy he just said he was
the Boss and it was the way he liked it."

I went for more drinks and when I came back I told her, "Don't worry. The men
have started talking about sex and they will teach him."

They came over to us and Mike said George and I agree we should play my favorite
game of strip poker."

Alicia giggled and said, "I played that as a teenager. When we are all naked we
will have sex. Right?"

"No there is a little more to it than that. If you lose after naked you get ten
spanks. You draw a number from the bowl. Each number corresponds to a whip.
cane, or flogger. There are a lot of different whips Allene has made and
different types of canes and floggers. Some whips and floggers are for breasts
and pussy while other whips and canes are just used on fleshy parts like your
ass, thighs and stomach."

Alicia said, "It doesn't seem fair. I am only wearing shoes and this dress while
you men are in three piece suits. It could take hours for you guys to get
naked."

"Yes. Fairness has nothing to do with it."

"Oh well Yves is really unlucky. He may get some spanking too and I am looking
forward to letting him know what hard strokes do."

Mike said, There is more bad news. If a man loses after naked his wife has to
take his spanking."

"Oh that is really unfair."

"Yves said, "I will give you a break. If you win and I lose I will take your
spanking but if someone else is the winner you will take it."

"Oh I guess that is better than nothing but what if you draw a pussy whip.
Surely you don't want your cock and balls hit. I know how sensitive they are."

Mike said, "If he draws a pussy whip there is a single thong whip suitable. you
can tie a string to his dick to stretch it out then use that on him."

Yves shuddered and said, "I am sorry I made the offer."

Mike said, "I am sure but you are stuck with it now."

It is really a diabolical game because if unlucky you can get a lot of spanks
and you have no idea where they will land until you draw. Drawing seems to make
you responsible for what happens and if really unlucky you can draw the same
area of your body over and over.

We started the game and Alicia was the first to lose. She giggled and took off a
shoe. The game was fast because it was just five cards face up and often winner
and loser was determined just with highest card. A pair or better was almost a
sure winner.

Before long Marge and I were down to panties and bra but Alicia got lucky and
still had her dress.

Then she lost and stood up to slowly pull her dress up and over her head to toss
it on the floor. She really had a nice body. Round firm breasts about a  C cup
with a tiny waist and a nice round butt. She couldn't have weighed much more
than a hundred pounds. She had long legs that would reach the rings in the floor
easily. She had a huge bush of hair on her crotch so you had no clues as to what
her pussy looked like.  I hoped the inner lips did not stick out because Mike
likes the tight slit.

end part one




VISIT FROM MARGE AND GEORGE 2

When Alicia sat down again she looked a little worried knowing her next loss
would bring an unknown spanking. I don't know why I refer to these things as
spankings since spanking is usually for the butt and these could be anywhere.

She remained lucky though and although she did not win her hand was in the
middle so she didn't lose. I lost my bra and felt proud when Yves said my
breasts were beautiful. (you can see them by e-mailing me. Also Marge and
Alicia.)

Then all of us girls were nude while Mike still had his shirt and pants, Yves
his pants, and George undershirt and pants.

Mike won the next hand and Alicia lost. She groaned then picked a number out of
the bowl. Mike went over to open the closet doors revealing the huge array of
whips and brought back my little fun whip I had made by super gluing long rubber
bands I saw at an office supply to a one inch dowel. Mike looked disappointed
and said, "This is Allenes fun whip she uses to masturbate. You won't even feel
it on that bush of hair."

Alicia looked at it and said, "I don't want to draw again. Get rid of the hair."

Mike grinned and said,"Okay I'll get the clippers and razor,"

"No. Burn it off like you did Allene."

Mike said doubtfully, "Are you sure. You have a lot more hair than she did."

"Yes. It may make it more sensitive for the fun whip."

Mike said,"Okay." and went out to the shop for the propane torch. He came back
with it lit and she gasped at the long blue flame coming out of the tip  I have
to give her credit. She obviously had second thoughts but when Mike took a big
log from in front of our fireplace and put it on our tile floor she followed his
directions to sit on it then lay back with her legs open as wide as possible. 
She was quite limber and nearly did the splits. With the log raising her ass you
could see some pink of her pussy through the hair as well as her little puckered
asshole.

He waved the torchflame into the hair and it was wild. The hair flared up as if
gas was on it to quickly die down then Mike waved the torch around her asshole
and by her thighs to get the few hairs that didn't go in the conflagoration. She
had screamed when it burned but I think that was from fear not pain. He asked
her how she was and she said, "I am fine. It is just hot like a sunburn. Do my
armpits."

He did and I had never known armpits were sensual. As he waved the torch she got
a look of ecstasy on her face.

She was already in an ideal position so Mike began hitting her pussy. we all
noticed the rubber bands getting wet as she made little gasps and when he
finished the ten she moaned, " Oh God. Can I have more?"

Mike grinned and said, "No. Rules are rules."

She began rubbing her pussy until Yves said, "Stop that. You don't get to cum
yet."

She reluctantly lifted her hands and regained her seat. Yves said, "Keep your
hands on the table." She made a pout but kept her hands on the table as the next
hand was dealt.

Yves won and I lost and drew a number. I drew a cane and groaned for two
reasons. I hated that skinny bamboo cane that caused terible welts I would have
to sit on and Alicia had said Yves really hit hard.

He had me bend over and hold on to my ankles and I heard a whishing noise just
before the cane exploded on my ass at the juncture of my thighs the most
sensitive spot on your ass. The impact and pain made me shuffle forward to keep
my balance.
I screamed then whined when Mike said,"She moved, Yves. That one doesn't count."

He either felt sorry for me or I got deference for being hostess because the
next ten were on the round part of my ass which made it barely tolerable.  When
he finished I looked in the mirror to see eleven dark red lines across my ass.
As I looked I reflected on how diabolical this game was. No-one could work up
enough excitement to cum with only ten put on so fast so we were faced with just
pain.

On the next hand I won and Marge lost. I was exultant since I was mad at her for
laughing at me when I went back to the table with tears in my eyes rubbing my
poor buns.

She drew a flogger and I was disappointed since I knew she liked to show her
courage for breast whipping and the flogger was not thick enough to make welts
although it would get the skin really red.

I made it bad as possible by hitting across both nipples with every one. She was
still courageous. She took them all with only gasps. I knew I hurt her though
when she was rubbing her red tits and said, "Bitch! You will be sorry."

I realized I shouldn't have been so mean since we had a long way to go before
all the men were naked.

On the next six hands the men lost which didn't provide a lot of excitement
since they were only taking off shirts or undershirt.

Then Alicia lost to George. She picked a number and it turned out to be the
blacksnake whip.   I said "Oh Shit! and Alicia said, "Is it awful?"

"God yes. If he isn't careful. He can cut you."

She went over to kneel in front of him and said plaintively, "You won't cut me
will you George?"

He patted her head and said, "No. I won't cut you. I have a lot of experience
with this. This is suitable for three places. Your ass, your thighs or your
upper back. Your choice."

She said, "I think my upper back. It is not so sensitive."

I knew she had made a mistake and when she was in position with her hands
stretched high over her head. She found out.

He got on her left side then brought it around her back but the tip hit her
right breast making it jump and making her squeal. He hit her four more times
there then went to her other side to leave five more big stripes on her back
with little stripes on her breast.

When he stopped she immediately rubbed her breasts with their ten fine lines
with tears in her eyes then to my surprise kissed George and said, "Thank you
for not cutting me."  He deserved no thanks if he had been nice he would have
just hit her back.

Her back was welted so I went to get some cold dream to put on it. Since the
hands were dealt face up in front of you there was no need to touch my cards
with greasy fingers so I carressed her welts with the cream to cool them. She
loved the attention. and I continued to caress as the men lost the next three
hands. Then she turned to me and said, "That feels so nice. Would you do my
breasts?" I hesitated since she could do them herself but when she leaned
forward and said, "Please?"  I began caressing the sides of her boobs feeling
the little welts ripple through my fingers. I swear if she had been a cat she
would have purred. Her little boobs were soft and felt good in my hands then she
said, "Nipples. Please."

Suddenly Mike said, "Let's take a break. Allene do her nipples and her pussy was
spanked too."

I said,"Mike. You know I am not into girls."

"I don't care. I am into you doing girls. Just do it."

I rubbed her nipples for a while noting they became very hard then she took my
hand and led me over to the log still on the floor. She sat on it saying, "the
bark sticks into my cheeks. I love it." She leaned back and squirmed on the
stickers of the log while I caressed her pussy now so bare it was like mine at
seven years old. Just when it was getting real wet.  Marge whined, "What about
me?"

Mike said you can blow me while George does you doggy style. Yves can fuck
Allenes ass."

Yves came to me unzipping his pants and I watched as his hard dick snapped out
of his pants. I had ever seen one quite like it before. It was long, about nine
inches but skinny. he got on his knees and then spit on his hand to rub it on my
anus. The slick spittle allowed it to slip in easily but it went so deep I could
feel my guts move. Then he brought his hand around to rub my clit. The
combination of his dick in my ass and his fingers on my clit really excited me.
I leaned forward to kiss Alicias pussy and she immediately grabbed my head to
rub my lips and tongue on it while she squirmed on the log. In a few moments the
room was filled with our moans as all six of us neared climax.

When we had all cum we got up to have a drink. Alicia came to me to say, "Thank
you Allene. May I taste Yves?"  I didn't know what she meant but nodded.

She went behind me to drop to her knees and stuck her tongue in my ass. God it
felt good. I didn't get this often as it was a special treat for when I was
especially good. Marge saw the look of Bliss on my face and knelt in front of me
to lick my now hard clitoris. That double action soon had me into a great
orgasm. When we finished the men applauded and I blushed at the irony of having
two girls go down on me so soon after I had said I was not a lesbian.

Mike said, "Let's get back to the game."

While I sat there I remembered my Mom and Dad discussing with disgust the
scandal where my gym teacher and english teacher were caught naked making love
in the school basement. I had wondered about my gym teacher since she liked to
watch us in the shower but I thought my english teacher was straight. The
thought made me feel guilty and I actually hoped I would lose  one game after
another.

It didn't happen though. Yves won, Marge lost and drew the fraternity paddle.
She frowned and I knew she preferred more exotic things and on her front.

Mike suggested she hold on to the edge of the dining room table so they could
watch her tits jump and sway at impact.  Yves agreed and they got their wish.
Her breasts jumped and swayed at impact then kept moving as she hopped from foot
to foot in what Mike calls the "Dance of pain."  what I was interested in was
the way the paddle flattened her round buns seemingly clear to the bone.

When he was done she was crying and came to me to turn and present her dark red
and welted ass moaning, "Please."  I knew what she wanted and reached for the
cream but George said, "No. I want the pain to last. "

He went to the front door and got our straw welcome mat to place on her wooden
chair.
She sat on it gingerly letting out a little cry. I had been there and knew the
mat felt like a million needles were sticking her. Occasionally she would squirm
which was a mistake but I could appreciate how hard it was to just sit on it
quietly.

Yves lost the next hand which left him naked. Mike still had pants and shorts
and george had shorts and undershirt. I stared interestingly at Yves dick. It
was one of those that kept about the same length either hard or soft. Mikes is
totally different. In cold water it will shrink to nothing but hard is about
eight inches and so thick my fingers won't reach around it.

Marge lost again to Alicia. She moaned but I thnk she was glad to have the
excuse to get off that damn mat. She drew the Tawse. It is thick leather split
about halfway. I had made it from leather I found at a saddle shop. It is bad.
(e-mail me if you would like to see what it did to my ass.)

Alicia said, "This is for ass or thighs. Which do you want."

That is a stupid question. My ass is a mess."

"Thighs then. Stand with your legs open wide and hold on to your breasts."

"Oh please. Not the inner thighs. Can't you hit the front or back of them."

"No I think I would like to hit between your legs."

George laughed and said, "She's the boss. Marge."

She glared at him but obediantly opened her legs only to have to open them more
at Alicia's insistence until the tight crack of her pussy opened to show the
inner pink flesh.

Alicia was mean! She backhanded and forehanded the thighs all at the same spot
so close to her pussy the lips opened at impact. Marge managed to stay in the
spot but in agony squeezed and jerked at her tits with tears flowing.

I lost the next hand to George. I drew a slip then shuddered when George came
back with my Cat O nine tails. I made it by  putting nine strands of leather
about a fourth inch thick in a wooden handle then tying knots in it at different
intervals. It is not as bad as a real Cat but for some reason the knots make it
worse.

He said, "This is for breasts." That was not true the slip said for stomach,
inner thighs, ass crack, or breasts.  I didn't argue since it was obvious he was
not going to let me choose.

He said, "I like to see those big boobs jerk and sway. I know we haven't tied
the girls but can I make an exception. I need her in a particular position that
she can't do on her feet."

Mike said, "Sure but that wrecks your chances to add extras for getting out of
position."

"That is okay. Ten is enough."

He got our leather padded cuffs for my wrists and ankles and after buckling them
on threw two ropes over a beam.  He had me lie on my stomach then him and Mike
pulled down on the ropes to put me into a backbend with my legs higher than my
head. As an afterthought he got some twine and tied it to my hair to hold my
head back.

My boobs hung straight down from my body.  He got by my side and hit the front
of my tits to slam them back then watched until they settled down only to back
hand the backs to send them nearly to my chin.  Again he waited until they
stopped moving before hitting the front again.  He repeated himself until I was
screaming from the pain of impact and the jerk on my boobs.

The delays waiting for my boobs to settle seemed to make it last a long time.
Finally it was over and I was released  crying and trying to console my poor
boobs covered with purple polkadots from the knots with caresses. Marge and
Alicia came to me with the cream. While Alicia caressed it on Marge said, "I
will help you ignore the pain."

She began licking my pussy and in spite of  or maybe because of the pain and her
tongue I went from one orgasm to another. 

Mike said it was time for another break and led everyone to the bar. Marge
brought back a glass of whiskey for me and I drank it in three gulps.

End part2




Visit from Marge and George 3

During the break Yves did something I had never seen before.  He had Alicia
kneel in front of him then slapped her face with his long dick. I thought it
must hurt him as much as her but he kept it up until her cheeks were red. Then
he had her suck it. I was amazed to see her get the whole thing down her throat
until her nose was buried in his pubic hair.

Mike was amazed too and when he came he said, "That was pretty amazing.  She is
the first girl other than Allene that could take it all down the throat. Could I
try it?"

"Sure but I think the only reason she can do it is because of my skinny dick. 
Alicia do it for him. if you fail I will cane your tits."

She really tried but Mike was too thick and she could only take it so far before
gagging. I had learned to yawn to open my throat but even then at first I could
only do it by lying on my back on the table with my head hanging off to let Mike
have a straight shot down my throat.

She finally gave up and said ,"I'm sorry. I can't do it."

Yves jerked her up roughly and slammed her against the wall. She must have known
it was going to be bad because she began crying before he got to her with the
cane. It was brutal. He covered every inch of her boobs until no white at all
showed but she kept her hands behind her rather than try to protect herself.

I said to Marge, "I thought you said she wasn't very courageous."

"She is scared. She heard me tell Yves that if she tried to protect herself he
should double the punishment."

When he finally finished Marge and I put cream on her poor maroon boobs and
Marge went down on her but she was evidentally in too much pain to appreciate it
because she didn't get to orgasm

It was time for the game again and thankfully it would be over soon because
George and Mike were down to undershorts and Yves was naked.

Then Justice triumphed. Alicia won and Yves lost.  He tried to back out but Mike
and George would not let him. He drew a slip and he got the rubber band whip.
Alicia was disappointed until Mike said we agreed on the other whip in the event
he lost.

Mike pulled back a curtain to show handcuffs attached to the wall and handcuffed 
his hands behind his back to the wall. He handed Alicia a ball of twine.  She
made a few wraps behind the head of his dick then tied it.  She brought the
twine around the centerpost that supported the ceiling and pulled on it until he
was screaming that she was ripping off his dick. It was amazing. His dick was
now almost a foot long and stretched so much his scrotum was tight against his
balls. Alicia just giggled and strummed the twine like a guitar string giggling
more at his screams.  She took the whip from Mike. I made it too. It is just a
simple rubber strap I found at Eagle Hardware normally used to hold tarps.

She went to him and hit the shaft causing another stretch and accompaning
scream. She hit it again then said, "You will never be so mean to me again will
you?" He screamed "No. No. I promise. Please stop."

"No you have eight more coming."

Then she did something terrible. She began hitting the head. Mike shuddered at
the thought and I supposed it would be about the same as hitting my clitoris. 
He was bawling like a baby when she finished. Mike was disgusted at his
cowardice and said, "It served him right. No Master should allow his sub to get
even."

She released him as Mike took off the cuffs and he held it tenderly in both
hands. Then Alicia said, "Poor baby. Let Mama kiss it and make it well."

He released it and she licked all around the head and up and down the shaft
until obviously the pain was forgotten because he got hard.  She began sucking
it and he said something in French. Marge said he was telling her he would never
hurt her so much again.

On the next hand  George lost the underpants.

On the next Alicia lost to Mike. Rather than draw a slip she just went over to
the closet and got the Cat George had used on my tits and said, "I will take
twenty on my pussy with this if you will take off the shorts and end the game."

Mike agreed and she smiled then went to the log to lie back with her legs wide
open. I saw the whip could hit from her anus to her pubic bone. Mike straddled
her body and sent the whip down her crotch then dragged the knots over her clit
to hit again and again as she screamed but there was method in her madness. By
the eleventh the whip was wet from her juices and from there on she convulsed in
orgasms at each blow.

Just as in all the punishment things for the rest of the night we just had sex
with the men doing it any way we wanted until we were so exhausted we went to
bed.

End part three.




Visit from Marge and George 4

The next morning Marge and I made a huge breakfast of waffles, eggs, bacon, ham
and fresh fruit while Mike went out to bridle six horses for a tour of the
ranch.

After breakfast  Mike and George Helped Marge and Alicia get on the horses which
were bare back and we were all naked.  I am able to get on by myself. The girls
loved the feel of the bone at the base of the horses necks and the stiff hair
against their bare pussies as I did but the men said it did not do much for
them. I guess you need tender inner lips and a clit to really like it. As the
horse moves you have constant stimulation that keeps you excited.  We made just
short trips since one or more of us would want to stop to be fucked.

We showed them the giant trees, the wildflowers and our lake.  The ranch is
three hundred and forty acres so we had no intention of seeing it all. At the
lake we stopped to skinnydip then made love on the beach.

On the way back Mike showed them the blackberry bushes and told them how he had
whipped me with a branch.

Alicia said, "I would like to try that."

Blackberries don't have long thorns but they have a bunch of them.

Mike cut a branch and had her stand with her hands on her head then asked, "How
many?"

She said, I don't know. just do it until I say stop."

He began at mid thigh and started up the front of her body. He didn't hit hard
but the tiny thorns would cause a single drop of blood at each thorn. She began
to pant and pump her hips like a stripper by the time he got to her belly button
then when at the tops of her breasts she said. "Stop."

But she wasn't through. She opened her legs and moaned, "There. Hit me there on
my pussy."

He began bringin it up her crotch to bloody each lip then one right up the
center of the slit. She began to convulse in orgasm while she chanted "Stop,
stop, stop."

She fell on her knees then began digging at her pussy to keep the orgasms going
until she finally fell on her side in exhaustion and went to sleep.

Marge came to me and said, "Shall we have a competition."

I knew the branches were so light she couldn't hurt me real bad so I agreed.

Mike cut two more branches since  The thorns were worn off the one he had used
on Alicia.

We began taking turns hitting each other with the only rule being the face was
sacred. The little thorns caused a lot of excitement and we hit harder and
faster until we were in orgasm. Neither of us won.  Mike and George pulled us
apart saying, "Enough. You are bloody messes."

By then Alicia had  woke up so we got on the horses to ride to the lake to wash
off the blood. Alicia said her scratched clit made the ride even more exciting.

When we washed off the blood we found that there was just tiny pinpricks with a
redspot like mosquito bites. Just the thought of what we had done excited us so
we sucked the men until they were hard enough to fuck us again.

We rode back to the house and unbridled the horses when Marge noticed the poles
in a T shape in the corral. She asked Mike what it was for and he said, "It is a
crucifix. Your wrists are tied to the ends of the horizontal pole at the top."

Marge said, "But there is no place for your feet. Hanging outstretched like that
would be hell on your shoulders."

Mike grinned and said, "You have support."

He picked up a dowel made from a shovel handle and showed her the different
length holes and stuck the dowel in one of them saying, "You are supported by
your crotch."

"Oh God I have seen religeous fanatics being crucified on holy days. I have
always wondered what it would be like. Have you tried it Allene?"

"Yes. the worse thing is that you get excited and start rubbing your clit on the
dowel. Mike doesn't put me on it anymore since I rubbed my clit so raw I
couldn't fuck comfortably for a week."

"I want to try it. I have more will power than you."

George took one arm and Mike the other while Yves lifted her by her thighs and
held her while George and Mike wrapped soft rope around her wrists.  Then Mike
stuck in the dowel below her crotch and Yves let her down. She made a gasp as
the dowel sunk into her slit and caused a wrinkle at the top as it supported
most of her weight.

Mike sent me to the house for cold beers and then we sat on a bench watching
her. Marge has real white skin and soon the hot sun was turning her red and
causing her to glow from the perspiration driping from her body. In about
fifteen minutes which I knew seemed like hours she began pushing her fet against
the post to rub the dowel on her clit. Mike let her do it until she began to
pant then they went to her to take her down as she protested, "No. Not yet."

When she was down George fucked her to relieve that awful time just befor
climax.

Then we showed them our dungeon. It is really cool. Mike had a contractor build
the building supposedly as a work shop then he finished the interior with fake
rock and gas lamps we had found at antique stores.  He went in and lit the lamps
then invited them in. Alicia said, "Oh this is really spooky. It reminds me of a
dungeon I saw in an encyclopedia."

Mike grinned and said, "We probably looked at the same chapter."

Alicia ran around like a kid at a toy store feeling the rack he had made by
building a table and bolting ankle cuffs to one end. The other end had a boat
winch to pull on the arms to stretch you to the limit. She  rattled the chains
hanging from ceiling and walls and turned the eight foot wheel Mike had found at
a used farm implement place. She said, "What is this for."

Mike said, "You are tied with arms and legs outstretched then I can turn you in
any direction for whipping. It has a brake to hold it in position."

"Oh wow. What is the dog house for."

"It is not a dog house. You are lifted up to straddle it. Weights are attached
to your ankles and  eventually your legs tire and your pussy rests on the sharp
top. Allene has strong legs. She has been on it for nearly an hour before
begging to be released.

"And this?"

"It is an electric fence charger. The ground is  that copper pipe with a cap
that is shoved up your ass then the postive wires are hooked to your pussy and
nipples." Allene doesn't like it because she can't make it go faster when she is
near orgasm. I have to work on that problem."

"And this?"

That is Allenes self punisher when I am not home. It is pretty simple. Just a
wheel with two leather straps that is driven by the chain to a reversible,
variable speed motor."

"So you can hit as hard or as easy as you want?"

"Yes would you like to try it?"

"Yes. May I."

"Certainly. Here is the control. this switch determines direction and the round
dial controls speed."

She turned it on just fast enough for the straps to extend fully by centrifugal
force then backed up to it. the straps made a loud "Slap!" as they hit and the
impact lifted her buttcheeks to make them ripple. She turned up the speed a bit
then turned around to stick her tits in the path. She waggled her shoulders to
let each tit be slapped and lifted while she dug in her pussy with the free
hand.  Finally she leaned back and moved forward until the strap was going
between her legs to slap on her anus and drag through her pussy. She sped it up
until the straps were a blur and her pussy lips jerked and squirmed constantly
until  she fell back convulsing in orgasm.

Marge said."Wow. That really worked on her."

I said, " Yes it works on me too but sometimes I stay too long and get really
sore. Mike doesn't want me to use it now unless he is here to turn it off."

"When did you put up the big mirror?"

Mike said, "Last month.  Allene likes to watch herself being whipped."

"Me too. Fortunately most of the classy hotels we stay at have soundproofing and
big mirrors."

 I said,"Don't you ever stay home?"

"You mean the house in Carmel? No that was a mistake. The neighbors are so close
we can't do anything. Damn shame. We paid a million eight for it. You are
welcome to use it."

I said,"You always say that but you have never given me a key or the combination
to the alarm system."

"Oh shit. Sorry. Lets go to the house and I will do that right now."

We helped Alicia up then went to the house.

We were hungry by then so us girls prepared dinner except for the steaks since
Mike thinks he is the only one who can barbecue them properly.

After Dinner Alicia helped me clean up while Marge was in the living room with
dicks in her ass, pussy and mouth all at the same time.

Alicia said, "Oh God I hate to go but Yves has to catch the plane in the morning
to get back to his job on time. Marge has been wonderful. She hasn't let us
spend a penney. She paid for plane tickets and everything."

I said, "No big deal She couldn't spend all her money if she tried."

"Still I feel a little guilty bumming off of her."

"That is what she wants. It makes you agree to things you never thought you
would. You would be amazed at what other girls have endured for the free ride to
exotic places."

"No I wouldn't. When we met her I was so modest I wore dresses buttoned to the
neck and the closest thing to S/M was hand spankings on my butt. Now I will wear
anything she says even if it is embarrassing to be seen in public. She even
talked a manager of a sex place in to putting me in a cubicle with a big glass
window and watched me on closed circuit tv while men came in and put in quarters
to lift a panel so they could watch me do anything they wanted. "

"Really.  What did they want?"

"Oh all kinds of things like shoving big dildos up my ass and pussy and putting
clamps on my pussy and nipples then spanking them with a strap. One even had me
pee in a glass then drink it. Really disgusting things like that."

I said, "Really. Poor thing" but I felt myself getting wet at the idea.

After dinner Alicia sucked Mikes dick and ate me to thank us for the weekend and
since it was getting late and they would have to be up at five to catch their
plane we went to bed. Mike is the early riser. I just got up long enough to see
them off then went back to bed.

The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





