BDSM Library - Acquisition




Acquisition
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She took advantage of her timid neighbor Pam and took the control over Pam, the body and the spirit. They became more and more dependent to each other.
Acquisition 1/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, Bi, M+/F)
by Headhunter (headhunter_tales@hotmail.com)


Pamela woke at 6:00 AM when she heard the click of the bedside alarm.
She quickly reached out from under the covers and hit the snooze alarm.
Her quick movement caused her muscles to throb. She was getting used to
her constant soreness. But she knew that a 37 year old body just wasn't
made to take the extreme positions she had been enduring over that past
few months. While she was sore she also knew that she was in the best
physical shape of her life and the sore muscles would recover quickly.

Hitting the snooze button gave Pamela Henderson 10 minutes before the
alarm would go off and wake her husband. He was snoring softly next to
her. To Pam this ten minutes was the only solitude she had, the only
time she had to herself before the demands of the day started. The
demands of taking care of her husband, her two children, her part-time
job at the pre-school and of course the other demands... The demands
made by her neighbor Bess.

In the dark and quiet of her warm bed, Pam gently rubbed the sore
muscles of her arms. Then she trailed her hands down the sleep tee-
shirt she wore to bed. She began to gently massage the soreness of her
thighs. She would have liked to rub out the knots in her calves, but
she didn't want to wake Bill. So she softly rubbed the muscles she
could reach without too much movement. When she rubbed the inside of
her thighs she was amazed to find them warm and damp. She ran her hands
up to the juncture of her legs and found that her pubic hair was wet.
Now more alert, she could tell that the moisture was seeping from her
vagina. No, not her vagina she thought to herself, she was supposed to
call her private parts her "cunt". Just thinking that profane word made
her shiver, but it also made her wetter.

Pam bit her lip in a sob, "I just woke up and already my body is
betraying me." Well, Bess had told her that her cunt, ass, and tits
would soon be running her life, but right now she had a morning to get
through, so she had better get control of herself and make her brain
take charge. But it was difficult for her. It was because she was such
an honest and open person by nature. Flipping back and forth between
what were two personalities was hard for her. Pam knew that most people
could talk and act differently in different situations. She had often
seen her kind and loving husband change into the hardball playing
businessman in an instant. His ability to do that had always amazed
her. And just look at our President. He could be having sex with a
young woman in the Oval Office while talking with congressmen on the
phone. She needed to start learning how to compartmentalize her life or
Pam knew her life would come crashing down around her.

Pam slipped out of bed and quietly moved into the bathroom. Shutting
the door she turned on the shower and stripped off her sleep shirt.
Under the hot spray Pam finally was able to rub out the soreness of her
calves and feet. Her ankles and toes hurt from the high heels she had
been wearing yesterday afternoon. Those shoes were very uncomfortable,
but they did make her legs look great. Pam fought the impulse to
masturbate in the shower. She needed to wash off the odor of female sex
secretions, that odor seemed to accompany the wife and mother almost
constantly now.

From the shower she heard the bathroom door open. She heard her husband
yawn. That sound was followed by the splashing sound of her husband
urinating.

Pam emerged from the shower wrapped in a large terry cloth towel. She
didn't think her husband would be awake enough to notice, but she
wanted to check herself for bruises before he saw her naked. "Morning
Honey," Pam said as she moved to brush her teeth. Bill grunted a
greeting. Out of the corner of her eye Pam could see him shaking his
flaccid penis over the toilet bowl. He moved to the shower kicking off
his pajama bottoms as he walked. Her 40 year old husband disappeared
behind the shower curtain, but not before Pam noticed his slight paunch
and sagging butt. Still the sight of him shaking his soft cock had
gotten Pam's nipples hard and she could feel a tingling in her groin.
Pam dropped the towel while her husband was in the shower and gave her
body a quick once over. She was pleased but a little surprised when she
found no ugly bruises. Only and faint pink color on her buttocks, But
that could be explained by the hot shower.

The morning began to move quickly. Pam dressed in the comfortable loose
clothes she wore to work. After applying only a minimum of makeup she
woke her 11 and 13 year old daughters. Once downstairs in the kitchen
she made breakfast and sack lunches for the girls. While rinsing off
some apples for the lunch sacks Pamela looked out her kitchen window
across her back yard to Bess' house. It was completely dark. Pam knew
that Bess wouldn't wake until mid-morning. Bess didn't have any
children to make breakfast for, and her husband had left her several
years ago. Soon Pam, Bill and the girls were chatting about the up
coming day as they ate breakfast. By 7:30 Bill was pulling out of their
driveway on his way to drop off the girls at school on his way to work.
Pam now had just a few minutes to rinse off the dishes and head to her
job at the pre-school. As she stacked the breakfast plates she saw a
light come on in Bess' house. A moment later Pam's phone began to ring.
Pam thought about not answering it and quickly leaving the house, but
she knew that would be a mistake. With a trembling hand she picked up
the phone.

A sleepy voice said, "Pam, I was lying here in my bed thinking about
you and I just had the most wonderful idea. Meet me at the mall after
work."

"Bess, I have to pick up the girls after school and do the shopping
today... ",said Pam.

Bess cut her off and in a not so sleepy but very stern voice
said, "Meet me after work. Understand, Pam my Pet?"

The use of that term caused Pam to meekly say "Yes Bess." Then Pam
heard the sharp click of the phone being hung up in the house across
the fence. She stared out of her kitchen window and noticed that the
light in her neighbor's house had been turned off. All was quiet again
and Pam was left with her thoughts.

****

Pam collected her purse and teacher's supply bag for the morning's
work. She stopped in front of the hallway mirror and pulled her
shoulder length brown hair back into a pony tail with rubber bands.
Experience with the pre-schoolers had shown her that she should keep
her hair away from little hands. She didn't wear any necklaces or
bracelets for the same reason. In fact the only jewelry Pam wore was
her wedding band and little gold stud earrings. Her dress was a mid
calf length blue denim sack that was fairly shapeless and allowed the
wife and mother the opportunity to move comfortably when she chased
after the little ones. She wore white socks and sneakers for the same
reason. Pam noted with satisfaction that the dress was looser on her 5
ft 8 in frame than ever. She had lost a couple of more pounds and her
body was being reshaped by her exercise routine.

Pam enjoyed her time as a pre-school teacher. She was a great teacher.
She loved the 4 year olds in her class and they loved her. She had been
teaching part-time in the mornings since her youngest had gone to the
pre-school. It was the perfect job for her. The parents tried to get
their children into Pam's class. Pam was thought of as the perfect
teacher. A nice wife and mother who went to church and had two bright
kids of her own, she lived in the neighborhood with the families that
sent their kids to the pre-school. Pam was very accommodating to the
kids' individual needs. Plus she was a real certified teacher not a
baby-sitter, like in some of the pre-school classes. Pam got the kids a
jump start on their letters and numbers. When the pre-schoolers got to
first grade Pam's students were always the best prepared.

Pam was a loved and admired teacher, wife and mother. She would always
be kind and gentle, and wouldn't say no to anyone who needed help. But
her inability to say no and inability to confront people not only made
her a good pre-school teacher, it made her easy to take advantage of.
Bess had seen that in her. Pam could never have been a high school
teacher, she couldn't have taken the daily confrontations with
teenagers. She wouldn't have been able to control unruly students. Her
current job was perfect. Pre-school was the only place Pam could be
successful as a teacher.

As Pam walked through the living room on her way to the front door she
noticed her wedding picture on a table. Smiling up at her from the
ornate silver frame was a young couple. Bill handsome in his tux a
couple of years older than her. And Pam, so very young in her white
dress, recently graduated for college. A young couple ready to go out
into the world. Pam smiled to herself. That picture is 15 years old and
until recently the life Pam had expected on her wedding day was the one
that she had lived. But now she seemed to need more.

The school day went well. The 12 kids in Pam's class behaved and she
was able to introduce two new letters to the group of fresh faced
children. After snack Pam helped the children with finger paints. The
reason why Pam wore the clothes she did became evident as more than one
little paint covered hand pulled on Pam's dress asking for help. At
noon, Pam helped the children get out their lunches. Then the daycare
ladies took over. Pam's work day was through. She washed her hands in
the teacher lounge and went to her car. She could make the mall by
12:30. That would give her 2 hours with Bess before she would have to
pick up her girls at school. The girls could help her at the market .
They liked to go with Pam because they could always browbeat their Mom
into buying some of the junk food they wanted. When Pam went alone she
would not buy the sugary snacks. Pam liked the junk food as much as the
girls did. When the snacks were in the house she would always end up
eating some. Pam knew she would have to have more control over her food
cravings, she was doing so well with the diet that Bess had her on. It
was just that she had never had much self confidence and like many
young women had sometimes used food as an emotional crutch.
Particularly in high school and college where Pam had been awkward and
self-conscious. Thinking about food made her hungry, it was lunch time
and all she had today was a glass of juice and some toast at breakfast.

Pam parked her car at the mall and made her way to the Food Court. The
delicious smells from the various food kiosks made her hunger grow. Pam
saw Bess sitting at a table to one side of the large open area. The
wisp of a woman was eating a hamburger. At 34 Bess was three years
younger than Pam. She was barely 5 ft tall and weighed 90 pounds
soaking wet. She was wearing her ever present sweat shirt and sweat
pants. Bess almost looked like a boy. But Pam knew how strong she was.
Bess was an athlete. She had been a runner in college and continued
running in local races even now. Once, while in her twenties, she had
even run in the New York City Marathon. She played on every community
team she could. Softball was her favorite. She loved winning and would
not back down from any challenge.

Bess really wasn't a very attractive woman. He face was plain and her
body was so thin that she had virtually no breasts and very little
rounding of hips or buttocks. She had brown hair like Pam but it was
cut short. Bess was strong, and she spent a good bit of her days
working out. Bess looked up from her meal and pointed for Pam to take a
seat at the small table. Pam sat down and smiled at her friend.

"Hi Love, I got you lunch, a salad and a cup of unsweetened tea,"
stated Bess in a matter of fact tone. Bess pushed the food in front of
Pam while she took another bite of her juicy burger. A large plate of
French fries sat half eaten in front of her. "What do you say, Pam?"
remarked Bess once she had chewed her food. Pam looked down at the
small salad and said "Thank you." "That's better," said Bess
smugly, "I'll bet you make your little rug rats at school say please
and thank you. You should set a good example and say the same to those
who help you... " There was a brief pause then, "... you may eat."

"Thank You," was the immediate whispered reply.

While they ate Bess kept up a running commentary about the mall,
working out, diet and men. She was down on men since her husband had
divorced her. At least he made enough money to pay her a good amount of
alimony. Bess had gotten the house and her car in the settlement. She
ranted that her husband had never been a very good, had cheated on her
with a long line of voluptuous young women, and was generally an
asshole. But at least she didn't have to work and could spend her days
as she pleased. Pam had heard it all before. So she didn't comment. She
knew Bess didn't want her to comment anyway. After all, Pam had been
the nice neighbor who had been there for Bess when the couple had split
up. Back then Bess had relied on Pam as an understanding friend, but
the relationship had changed several months ago. Bess was a take-charge
person who had to have her way. Pam knew that was part of what had
driven Bess' husband away. Bess had wallowed in self pity for a long
time after the divorce but then she realized that her time was her own.
She decided to get on with things and take charge of her life... and to
take charge of Pam's life as well. In a perverse way Pam fulfilled
Bess. Bess was a very domineering person and she hadn't been able to
dominate her husband, she had only pushed him away. But in the self
conscious and weak willed Pam, she had found the perfect friend... the
perfect partner. A person who could be manipulated and controlled by
the force of her personality.

As Bess droned on across the lunch table, Pam reflected on the past
several months. The change in the women's relationship had started very
gradually about four months ago. Bess began calling Pam to come over to
her big empty house and visit. Bess had usually come to the Henderson
home with all the activity of a modern family. But Bess began demanding
that Pam come to her home more and more. Being at the Henderson Home
made her realize how empty her own life was. She wanted Pam at her
house without the distractions of Pam's kids and husband. Usually it
was in the afternoons or in the evening after the family dinner when
Bess would call for her friend.

--------------------- (four months earlier) ---------------------

The strong requests for Pam to come to her house was just the
beginning. Often while visiting her house Bess would ask Pam to do
things for her. Help with some cleaning, pack some boxes, etc. Pam,
with her helpful non-confrontational personality, was happy to support
her friend. And she knew that Bess appreciated her. Didn't Bess always
thank her for doing what she asked? Even to the point of patting her on
the back and even occasionally on her head as she praised Pam's
efforts. It didn't take long for Pam to be preparing Bess' meals in the
afternoon and keeping Bess' house clean. Bess was grateful and began
paying attention more and more to what her neighbor was doing. One day
Bess was preparing to go for her afternoon jog when she noticed Pam
folding some laundry. "Pam, I don't like my workout outfits folded.
They need to be hung up. I don't want creases in them." Immediately Pam
looked away, like a child caught with her hand in the cookie jar, "Oh!
I'm sorry Bess. I'll come back after dinner and re-wash these and hang
them up."

"Yes! You do that." Bess called out to Pam as she left for her jog. She
needed to think about what had just happened and she thought best while
on her runs.

As she ran Bess mused to herself, "I really have been taking advantage
of my neighbor. I have her doing my cooking and cleaning. She must not
have much time for herself, as much time as I take. But 'damn-it' I'm
lonely. People don't like me much and I like having my neighbor at my
house. I have known Pamela for years and I know that she is a shy
little housewife that never stands up for herself. Hell, I was the one
who had to argue with the trash collectors about making a mess when
they dumped the garbage cans. They sure listened to me. I backed all
three of those big ignorant lugs down. Pam just stood there trembling
pleading with me not to make a scene. Well, they were a lot more
careful with the trash cans now. Bill, Pam's, out of shape husband, had
even thanked me for getting tough with the garbage men.

I enjoy having her around. I'm going to keep Pam at my house as much as
I can. As she ran, an idea began to form in Bess' mind... she was
lonely and using her fingers to masturbate with-- fingers that didn't
come attached to another warm body that could hold her or, more
importantly, that she could hold. After all she needed to be in charge.

That evening when Pam came back to her house to re-do the laundry Bess
began putting her plan into effect. The two women had often talked
about personal things, but Pam had always been shy and reserved when
taking about her personal life, especially her sex life. Bess knew that
Pam didn't think of herself as a very attractive or sexual person. Bess
needed to change that in Pam. All thoughts about her ex-husband and
wasted life disappeared from Bess' mind. She now had a purpose and a
goal. She would see just how far she could take her neighbor and
fulfill her own need for physical contact at the same time. She wanted
to bind Pam to her. Everyone in Bess' life had left her. She had no
real friends, she was alone except for the caring wonderful wife and
mother that lived in the home behind her. Bess felt a tinge of regret.
Both she and Pam called Bess' house a house, but Pam lived in a home.
She wanted a home with Pam. Not a home in a traditional sense but a
home that was filled with activity and emotion. Just not the normal
activities and emotions. She would never let Pam go, she would become
the center of Pam's life, whatever that took. So Bess began asking, no
demanding, that Pam reveal more and more about herself and her life.

Bess was careful to take her time and learn everything there was to
learn about Pam. Much of the information Pam revealed was about growing
up with a strict father and mother, now both dead, and a beautiful
older sister who had rebelled and left home. Leaving Pam in a good, but
cold and reserved home as a teenager. Rarely getting positive signals
from her parents, avoiding confrontation at home and school, and
lowering her self-concept. At college Pam had been a loner. She had
commuted from her home to school and had majored in education. She had
few dates, not because she wasn't attractive in a girl next door sort
of way, but she never did anything to attract attention to herself. She
wore little or no makeup, and never clothes that would use her well
rounded, if a little overweight, body to attract boys. She had met Bill
at the end of her Junior year when she had been asked to hand out
programs at graduation. After the ceremony Bill's parents had asked her
for an extra copy of the program because their son had just graduated.
Bill walked up and in a few minutes the two were taking like old
friends. They dated on and off for the next two years and at her
graduation Bill asked her to marry him. He was already working in
business and Pam had a job lined up at a local elementary school. She
said yes! Several years later their first child was born and Pam stayed
home. After the second child, Bill had gotten a vasectomy. Pam
continued to stay at home until their second daughter went to pre-
school. Then Pam got a job at the pre-school and had been there ever
since. She was able to make some money and the half-day job kept her
available for her kids. Life was good. Bill was moderately successful
and Pam's income allowed them to buy their new home. That's when they
met their backdoor neighbors, Bess and her husband.




Acquisition 2/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Pam came back to Bess' house that evening after feeding her family and
making sure the girls had their homework done. Bill was watching a ball
game on the TV when she left her home and crossed the two backyards to
Bess'. Pam knocked on the sliding glass doors on Bess' patio and let
herself in. She heard Bess in the basement working out on some of her
exercise equipment. She called down a hello and walked to the laundry
room to do Bess' workout clothes the way she wanted them. After the
washing machine was running Pam walked down into the finished basement
to see if there was anything else she could do for Bess.

Bess was sitting on a weight bench in one corner, lifting a dumbbell
with her left arm over and over. When she saw Pam she stopped, dropped
the weight, and walked right up into Pam's face. "Are you fixing your
mistake from this afternoon?" she growled. Pam was surprised by her
neighbor's attitude and with a meek voice replied, "Yes, Bess, I told
you I would."

"Good! Now sit down on this bench with me Pam. I want to talk to you
and I want you to listen carefully." Bess took Pam by the arm and
firmly led her to the bench and sat her down. The diminutive Bess
remained standing so she would be in a superior position to the much
bigger Pam. Bess held her breath for a minute and in measured words she
began talking to Pam, her insides were fluttering but she controlled
her nervousness. This was it, the beginning of making Pam understand
how important she was to Bess and how important Bess was going to be to
Pam from now on.

Bess started by saying that no matter what, Pam needed to know how much
Bess loved her, how special Pam was to her, and how Pam had been her
savior over the last two years. She talked about what a wonderful
family Pam had and how she wanted Pam to think of her as part of her
family, a very special part. Then Bess, using the information she had
learned about Pam's personal life and her psyche, began to explain how
truly unfulfilled Pam's life was and why. Bess twisted and used all of
Pam's hidden fears and self doubts. Doubts planted during her childhood
and those that existed today. She ended her talk by saying that
she "Bess" hadn't been helping Pam. She knew that Pam needed direction
and she hadn't been giving her the direction she needed. That was going
to change. Bess would help Pam by taking away all of the self doubts
and decisions that were so difficult for her. Bess would be telling her
exactly what to do. Wouldn't that be wonderful. No more doubts. Pam
would have Bess to answer all of her questions, to take care of all of
her self-doubts. Pam could surrender all of those difficult parts of
her life to Bess. Bess would help her, guide her and love her. Bess
would help her, now she would become Pam's savior. Also Pam would help
the lonely Bess to become the person she needed to be. Pam would help
her in so many ways and through it all, even the most difficult times,
they each would know that the other was truly loved.

Bess ended her speech and stroked the hair of the silent Pam. Then she
cupped Pam's chin and gently pulled Pam to her feet. Bess placed her
arms around Pam's waist and hugged herself to the older and bigger
woman. After a few moments with Bess holding her breath, not knowing
what would happen, she felt Pam's arms awkwardly wrap around her and
she felt a warm drop splash down onto her cheek. Pam was crying, and
Bess knew that she had a new world to explore with her neighbor.

"Its OK my love," cooed Bess, "I'm here and you never have to worry
about anything again. I will help you and we are a team." Bess held her
neighbor and nestled her head on Pam's fleshy maternal chest. Holding
her like this, Bess realized how out of shape Pam was. She would have
to do something about that, but now to begin exerting her will over the
wife and mother. "OK! Enough of this Pam," said Bess sharply, "lets go
upstairs and I will show you exactly how I want my laundry done."
Taking Pam's hand, she led the still dazed woman up to the laundry
room. Bess knew that there were a lot of things that they would learn
together, and the close human contact of holding Pam had made Bess
realize how much she had been missing physical contact with other
people.

Every day for the next two weeks Bess told Pam when to come to her
house. Pam was always on time. She directed Pam in cleaning and
cooking. Very close supervision. Even though Pam did a good job with
all of the tasks assigned to her, Bess would always find some little
part of the chore to correct or have done differently. Pam eagerly did
what was asked. When the job was complete Bess would praise Pam and
usually gave her a hug, pat on the head or peck on the cheek. Pam slid
very easily into the role of Bess' maid and general gopher. Soon Bess
began having Pam pick up things at the store for her when she was
coming home from work Toward the end of the two weeks Bess began making
more demands of Pam. She would call and ask Pam to run to the store for
her late in the evening, or do some laundry late at night when Pam
should have been getting to sleep. Pam responded and Bess gave her more
and more positive reinforcement. Even to the point of buying little
gifts for Pam. Items like a new book carrier, scented soap or a nice
dried flower arrangement. She would give these items to Pam after
telling her to do something that required some effort on Pam's part.
She would also hug and hold Pam while she told her what a good job she
had done.

Pam fell into this role easily and found her time with Bess as relaxing
and enjoyable. She felt needed and good about herself when she was with
Bess. She knew exactly what to do with Bess there were no self doubts.
It was nice to have a time when she didn't have to be running a
classroom or a family. Even though she worked hard for Bess is was a
mindless comforting activity that made her feel good, especially when
she was praised. When Bess complained that Pam hadn't done something
right, she tried her hardest to do it perfectly the next time. She
wanted Bess' approval. Bess had Pam tell her about activities of her
daughters and Bill. Bess would tell Pam what a good job she was doing
with them, but occasionally she would tell Pam to handle some family
event a little differently. Later Bess would ask if Pam handled it like
she told her. Pam always said she did what Bess suggested. Soon Pam was
asking Bess how she should handle some little event at home or at
school. Bess always told her firmly what she should do. Having these
little instructions from Bess made Pam feel better and Bess could tell
that not having to make a decision was easier for Pam.

One Sunday, Bess had Pam skip church to mop her kitchen floors. Bess
told Pam that she had gotten her a little gift that would give the two
women more time together. Pam smiled with pleasure at Bess, who was
sitting in a chair drinking coffee while Pam finished scrubbing the
floor on her knees. "Oh! Bess, what did you get me?"

"Let's go down stairs to the basement gym and I'll show you," replied
Bess pulling Pam from her knees and leading the docile housewife to the
basement. A gaily wrapped box was soon unwrapped and a leotard workout
suit was displayed.

"Pam, you never get any exercise except chasing after kids and taking
care of your family and ... me. You know how important exercise and a
healthy body are to me. I want us to work out some together. I can help
you get into shape. You know that exercise will make you feel great and
give you a lot more energy. So I am going to set up a routine for you.
It will be so much fun. Now don't thank me, its the least I can do for
you. I will work very hard to help you, you know."

Pam was speechless, she had never been into exercise, but admired her
friends fitness. She had a doubt for a minute but when her friend
smiled up at her, she just accepted the idea, "I guess you're right,
Ok, what do I do? Help me do this Bess."

"Oh, I will. First lets try on your exercise outfit. Strip off your
dress and try it on."

A shy Pam was unsure.

"Oh! come on," reacted Bess, "Pam you've seen me in only my panties. Of
course unlike you my little breasts don't need a bra. I'm built like a
12 year old boy. Let's see if it fits. I took the size from the height
weight scale. You're 5'8", right? So the ideal weight is 125 lb. for a
5"8" tall, 30 to 40 year old woman." Not waiting for Pam, Bess began
unbuttoning Pam's dress. "Ok, you stand still. I'll do this," said Bess
with authority. Pam finally began to move, but Bess growled, "You just
stand still. Like you agreed Pam I am taking charge of exercise for
you. It's for your own good." Pam slipped easily into following her
friends orders. Soon her dress was off. Pam stood in white cotton
panties and bra with white socks and sneakers on her feet.

"Oh my Pam this won't fit you. You must weigh more than 125 pounds, you
really do need exercise and a diet. At least the fat on you is layered,
not cottage cheese cellulite. How much do you weigh?"

An embarrassed Pam said, "145 pounds." She was blushing under the
critical eye of her friend.

"Well let's make sure." Bess led Pam over to a scale in the corner and
pushed her on it. Pam tried to get off the scale but Bess said, "Stay
there." Soon both women were looking down at the scale's dial. It read
150 pounds. Bess grabbed Pam's arm hard and pulled her roughly off the
scale. "I am doing all this work for you and you lie to me Pam. You
know how important health and fitness is to me, you must never, never
lie to me. Understand!"

Bess saw Pam's eyes well up, " I... I... I'm sorry."

"Pam you never have to be embarrassed about your body with me. I am
going to help you do what I say and we will have you in great shape,
but since it will be such hard work for me I expect you to do exactly
what I say."

Pam simply nodded her head in shame.

"I didn't hear you Pam."

"Yes Bess, I'll do just what you say."

"Good! now let's set some goals for you."

Bess pulled out a large piece of construction paper and thumbtacked it
to the wall. On it she wrote in big letters "Pam's Goals By The End Of
School." Under it she made a row for the 12 weeks until school ended.
Then she made columns for "Weight, Bust, Waist, Hips." Finally at the
bottom she put a box labeled "Calories per day."

"OK lets see what we have to work with Pam. Stand still."

Bess filled in the box of week one under weight "150". Under the weight
box of week 12 she wrote 125. Bess then grabbed a measuring tape and
wrapped it around Pam's soft middle. The tape read 30 inches. Bess
wrote that under waist week one. "Damn Pam," Bess scolded, "how could
you let yourself go, you make me embarrassed to be seen with you as
much as I'm into fitness. Now I know why you lied. I think a waist goal
of 26 inches is reasonable. After all you have had two kids so a
perfect 24 is unrealistic."

Next came the hips. Week one was measured as 40 inches the goal became
37 and a smirk about having to "work your ass off" was made by Bess.
Finally Bess simply said, "Take off your bra Pam." Pam hesitated and
blushed. She hadn't been naked in front of anyone but her husband for
years. "Now, Pam, you little baby, I'm not kidding."

Pam slowly reached back, But Bess impatiently reached first and almost
tore the bra from Pam's body. She should get used to me stripping her,
thought Bess. Pam blushed and held her hands over her breasts. Bess
looked at the label of the bra. It read 36-C. On the chart she wrote 36-
C in Bust Week One box, then looking at Pam wrote 36-D on the last
week. "This is the only part of your body that is even close Pam. Let
me explain. Stop hiding your tits and I'll help you understand." Bess
slapped Pam's hands away from her chest. Pam winced at the slap and of
the use of the crude word "tits".

"Look how they sag. I know not working out and nursing two babies can
hurt. But there is a lot that can be done to shape you up. Part of your
exercise routine will be weight and muscle training. These hangers can
be firmed way up. But that will increase muscle mass in your chest and
your tits will stand out firm and proud. That, with the extra muscle,
will increase your cup size." Bess pulled off her shirt to expose her
breasts. They were no bigger than some men's, topped with small pink
nipples. "If I didn't lift weights I wouldn't even have this little bit
of boob. Wow, Pam, were your nipples always that ugly brown color?"

Staring at her neighbors little muscular torso Pam replied, "No they
used to be pink like yours, but for some reason they discolored when I
nursed the girls."

"Well we need to get to work, lets have a stretching routine today so
when we start for real tomorrow your muscles won't be so sore." Bess
walked up to her friend and hugged her hard. She reveled in the touch
of skin against skin. While she didn't think she was gay Bess enjoyed
being enveloped by the fleshy folds of her friend's arms. "God, it has
been so long," she thought to herself.

Pam was surprised to be holding a half naked Bess, but somehow it
seemed natural and she knew that everything would be all right.

Bess had tossed Pam's bra onto the floor. Rather than make a scene Pam
followed Bess through a strenuous stretching routine on a plastic mat
on the floor. Soon Pam was breathing hard and sweat began to appear on
her body and run between her boobs. Bess wasn't even breathing hard,
but she was watching the sway and bounce of her friends breasts. Pam's
white cotton panties became wet with sweat and while not transparent, a
brown pubic hair shadow appeared on the white material. Bess
thought, "If I can get her in shape she will have a very sexy body."

After 15 minutes of stretching Bess said, "OK, we had better get a
shower." Not wanting to push Pam too far, Bess continued, "You are
really sweating so you go first." Bess picked up Pam's discarded dress
and bra and her own shirt. She led her neighbor up to the second floor,
to the master bathroom. It was wonderful leading Pam around with her
only wearing panties. And she herself was naked to the waist.

Pam had wanted to put her clothes back on, but Bess had picked them up.
So she shyly allowed herself to be led up the stairs. It felt funny and
a little exciting to be walking around almost naked in Bess' house. She
even felt a not unpleasant shiver run through her body as if she were
being a naughty little girl.

Bess led Pam into the bathroom, looked at her for a moment then left.
Bess left the door open and busied herself in the adjoining bedroom
stealing glances into the bathroom. She saw her neighbor start the
shower, sit on the commode to pull off her sneakers and socks and then
stand and peel off her sweat soaked panties.

While Pam was behind the curtain showering, Bess entered the bathroom
and grabbed the discarded panties. She took them to the laundry and
tossed them in the hamper. Back in the bathroom Pam was finishing her
quick shower and looking for a towel. Bess entered carrying a large
plush terry cloth towel. "Here let me help, you are probably a little
sore." She opened the towel wide and wrapped it around the naked Pam.
She helped dry the housewife, then she pulled off her own clothes and
stood naked in front of Pam for the first time. "Why Pam you're
blushing, that's cute." Then, before Pam could react, Bess hugged her
tightly, both women completely naked. Bess whispered, "I love having
you here with me," and then she jumped into the shower and pulled the
curtain. Leaving a still damp and somewhat confused Pam standing
motionless.

When Bess exited the shower she asked Pam, who was standing in the
bedroom still wrapped in a towel to help dry her. Pam did with stiff
motions.

"Bess, Bill and the kids will be home from church. I need to go make
them lunch. I'll come back later to do some laundry OK."

"OK, Pam. By the way your panties were so sweaty you can't put them
back on so I put them in the hamper. You can wash them later. You could
never fit into a pair of mine, so I guess you will have to run home
without a pair on."

Bess noticed an uncertain look from Pam. "Goodness it's only 100 feet
and you will have your dress on. It's not like you are flashing the
neighborhood."

Pam got dressed and left, but the coolness of her exposed genitals
under her dress felt funny and like before, a bit naughty. "Bess was so
much fun and such a good friend," Pam thought to herself as she entered
her back door.

****

Over the next two weeks the exercise and weight training routine took
Pam to Bess' house Monday, Wednesday and Friday evenings and Sunday
afternoons. Also, Bess had written a strict diet for Pam to follow. It
became hard for Pam to keep her special diet and the rest of the family
meals straight so Bess began planning the entire Henderson family meals
for Pam. Bill and the girls didn't know it, but their neighbor had
taken control of not only their wife and mother but also many aspects
of their life.

On the first day of Pam's exercise workout she had arrived at Bess'
house in an old sweat shirt and sweat pants. Seeing how her student was
dressed, Bess immediately told Pam to strip to her panties because she
needed to see how her muscles moved and reacted to the exercises. To
make Pam feel more accepting of this Bess also stripped. The two women
went through a 1 and 1/2 hour routine of lifting weights, stretching
and even jogging on a treadmill. Bess particularly enjoyed watching
Pam's buttocks and breasts bounce and jiggle as she jogged. Bess was
very patient with Pam, showing her the correct form and process on each
of the several exercise stations set up in her basement. Finally, as
before the two women would walk to the upstairs bathroom and take a
shower. They would help dry each other afterwards. Pam would usually
return home without her sweat dampened panties. On other days Pam would
spend some extra time at Bess', doing the cleaning and laundry.

On the first night of the second week of private exercise class Pam
entered the basement to find Bess already hard at work on a weight
bench. To her surprise Bess was completely naked. Her skinny body was
laying backwards, feet on the floor while she lifted a weight in each
hand. The position completely exposed her vagina to the surprised Pam.

Bess looked up and ordered, "get out of those things and get started on
your stretching." Pam removed her clothes but standing in her panties
next to the floor mat she was unsure what to do. She glanced over at
Bess who was looking at her hard. Bess flicked her eyes from Pam's
panties to the pile of her other clothes. It became evident to Pam what
was expected. They had seen each other naked in the shower, so Pam
simply shrugged her shoulders and slipped her panties down her legs. As
Pam began her stretching exercises on the mat, some of which left her
very exposed, Bess walked over and began correcting some flaws in Pam's
efforts.

"I have shown you these exercises for a week. I expect you to do them
right. You know Pam I have been too easy on you. We will never make
your goals unless we do this perfectly. I am not going to let you fail
at this like you have failed at so many other things. I have loved you,
given you gifts and spent a lot of my time helping you. Maybe you are
one of those people who responds to negative reinforcement rather than
positive. So from now on during out workouts I am going to use
the "stick" rather than the "carrot". Maybe that will get you motivated
to do this right. OK! You have stretched enough. Move to the leg curl
machine." The leg curl bench required that Pam lay on her stomach and
hook her legs under a weighted bar. By curling your legs up the machine
exercised calves, hamstrings and buttocks. Pam put the proper weight on
the bar and began doing the exercise.

"I've told you to keep you thighs pressed to the bench for maximum
benefit of the exercise. This will help you remember." Pam heard a loud
smack and immediately felt a sharp pain on her ass. Pam shrieked and
spun on the bench looking towards the movement . Bess looked down at
her with a smug smile. She stood naked, her breath ragged and she held
a Ping-Pong paddle in her hand. "Lie back down and do the set right
this time." Bess pushed Pam back down on the bench. "Start again" After
the third pull on the bar another hard swat fell onto the tender ass of
the naked housewife. Pam finally got through the exercise with only two
more hits. Bess pulled her to a bench press exercise station. Here Pam
was lying on her back and she was relieved that her bottom was now out
of range of Bess' paddle. The exercise worked her arms and chest. No
blows fell but when she had finished Bess said, "yours arms were not
held straight enough and you didn't lower the bar all the way to your
nipples. Get up and bend over the bench so I can help you to do it
right next time. "

Pam got up and with tears in her eyes begged, "Please no, Bess. It
hurts, I'll do better."

Bess pushed her down so she hung over the narrow bench, her ass high in
the air.

"This is to help you Pam. From now on if I tell you to 'assume the
position" this is how I want you, understand?"

"Yes, but please... "

SMACK, SMACK, SMACK, SMACK

Pam was crying openly. "OK, up, and quit your bawling. Lets go do the
leg lift exercise."

During the rest of the workout Pam was paddled 10 more times. The worst
was at the end, when she was jogging naked on the treadmill and Bess
paddled her several times to speed up. By the end of the workout Pam's
ass was a bright pink and Bess reveled in the power of disciplining her
older neighbor.

"Ok Pam, let's see how we have done. Its time to fill in our goal
chart." Pam was weighed and measured. She had lost 5 pounds during the
week. There was no difference in her hips or bust measurement, but she
had lost almost an inch on her waist measurement. "Not bad Pam, but it
will go slower from now on. There is always a big weight loss at the
beginning of a diet and exercise routine."

"Now lets go upstairs and shower. Upstairs there is no paddle. It stays
down here to help motivate you."

Tonight the two women walked through the house completely naked. Bess
led the still quietly sobbing Pam into the kitchen and poured her a
glass of ice water. "Here my pet, you need to replenish your fluid."
Pam drank the water greedily. The two women stood in the dark kitchen
naked until Pam regained control of herself. Then Bess led her to the
shower and for the first time she got in with Pam. Under the hot needle
spray Bess held Pam tenderly. Then helped the sore Pam by scrubbing her
back and legs. When she was done she turned away from Pam and
said, "Love, wash my back." And Pam did without saying a word. The soft
human touch felt wonderful to Bess as Pam ran her soapy fingers in
circles on the thin and wiry back.

The two women dried each other gently and Pam prepared to leave. Bess
picked up Pam's clothes. She handed her friend her shoes and her dress.
The panties and bra Pam had worn were tossed by Bess into the bathroom
with the wet towels. Since Pam had been naked during the workout her
undergarments were clean and dry. "Pam wear only the dress tonight,
enjoy the feel of your improving body, enjoy the feel of freedom."

In a daze Pam walked home. Her breasts swaying unrestrained under the
bodice of her dress, the cool night hair tickling her pubes.

Bess watched her from the window and smiled.

****

The next day was to prove to be a watershed in Pam's and Bess'
relationship. A troubled Pam went over to her neighbor's house after
school to do some chores for Bess. It was not a workout day. While she
was doing some laundry that included several sets of her own white
cotton panties, Bess came into the laundry room.

"Bess...," Pam began, unsure of herself, " I... I'm not sure... not
sure about..."

"Stop right there, Pam," replied Bess, sensing that she might loose
control of Pam. That couldn't happen. Pam had become the central figure
in her life, she had to completely dominate her. She couldn't lose her
or she would be truly alone. "I understand your confusion and
apprehension, Pam. Let me help you understand better. Let me explain
why you need me, need us."

Without giving Pam a chance to voice her feelings Bess imposed herself
on the unfulfilled middle-aged housewife once again. Bess explained
that Pam had never been "just Pam." She had at first been her parent's
child. Then, for a brief period, a college student controlled by
schedules, assignments and professors. Then a wife and finally a
mother. Bess went on to explain that all of Pam's relationships were
not Pam's choice, but relationships controlled by the labels child,
student, wife and mother. For the first time Pam was having a
relationship with another person, a friend, that had nothing to do with
what was expected of her. A relationship just for her own fulfillment,
of her own choosing. It was understandable that it was happening now at
her age. Her parents were dead, her husband was well established and
her children were getting old enough to be OK without her for large
blocks of time. If she hadn't gotten married right out of college, Pam
would have been her own person then. Because of the choices she had
made in her early life this was the first opportunity for Pam to be
herself. After all, didn't she enjoy and look forward to their time
together? Didn't her friend Bess give her freedom from all of the
decisions and labels and expectations that had been pushing for Pam's
entire life?

Pam saw the sense of it. It was true, she was free for the first time.
Bess hugged Pam and thought to herself, "I hit the nail on the head
except for the part about me. Very stupid, Pam. I am just another in a
long line of controls on your life. I give you the illusion of freedom,
but I am the most controlling of all." Bess smiled and breathed relief,
the danger was adverted and Pam was drawn in even tighter.

When the chores were over Pam was sent off to pick up her girls and do
some family shopping, from a list that Bess had prepared for her. As
she went out the door Bess said, "Pam, I'll see you tomorrow, and I am
going to have a wonderful surprise for you. You are so wonderful." Then
Bess added in an authority filled voice, "Make sure you are on time."

The next evening, after a very normal day for Pam, she headed across
the yards to Bess'. She left her family, telling them that she was
visiting her friend and having an exercise work out. Bill and the girls
were not surprised. In fact, they were happy for the wife and mother.
Pam had never had many friends and Bill was glad that Pam was getting
out. They were aware of the diet and exercise, and were glad.
Unwittingly they encouraged Pam, not knowing the real extent of the
abnormal relationship between the two women.

Bess was waiting for Pam when she arrived.

"Right on time Pam, I'm glad you follow instructions so well. Now for
my big surprise. Come upstairs before our work out and I'll so you."

Bess led Pam up the stairs, but rather than going to the master bedroom
Bess directed Pam to the door of what was a spare room. Pam knew that
when Bess' husband had left her he had taken some furniture. The spare
bedroom furniture was some that he had taken. Pam knew that the room
had been empty and unused over the past two years. On the door was a
beautiful hand painted sign. It read "Pam's Private Room".

"Pam you need a place just for you. I don't need this room so I'm
giving it to you. Its empty now, but we will have so much fun
decorating it. You will be able to get away from everything in here.
This room can be your refuge. You can do or be anyone you wish in this
room and nobody will care. There are no rules for you in here."

Pam hugged Bess, "Oh, this is wonderful Bess, I can just get away from
it all in here."

"Yes, and other things." Pam had not picked up on the double meaning of
Bess' words.

After looking at the empty bedroom Bess said, "Time for our work out."

As the two women walked together Bess noticed some wet footprints from
Pam's shoes on the floor. She spun and looked at Pam. "This house is
kept spotless, you know that. From now on we will take our shoes off at
the door. Go take your shoes off and leave them at the back door where
you come in." Pam dutifully complied then rushed to catch up to Bess
who was already almost in the basement. Once in the basement exercise
room Bess stripped off all her clothes and handed them to Pam. "Hang
these up in the closet love, you can hang yours up in there as well."
Then she dropped to a mat and began stretching out her wiry muscles.
She watched Pam disrobe and when her completely naked and vulnerable
neighbor started back to the mat Bess said, "Pam, pick up the paddle on
that table over there, and bring it with you."

The nude 37 year old was worked hard and the paddle was used often.
When it was over both women were bathed in sweat; Pam from her hardest
workout yet, Bess from the erotic experience of slapping the voluptuous
ass of her innocent neighbor with the paddle and on two occasions her
bare hand.

The women showered together and when Bess rubbed a soapy wash cloth
over Pam's reddened ass she winced in pain. After they toweled dry Bess
said, "lay on my bed for a second Pam, I need to take care of
something. Pam laid down and Bess leaned over her and squirted some
cooling lotion onto the fleshy buttocks. With her strong fingers Bess
rubbed and massaged the cream into the prominent orbs of ass flesh. The
cooling effect of the lotion caused Pam to give an involuntary sigh.
Bess took her time and rubbed the ass, lower back and thighs of Pam.
She reveled in the feel of the yielding soft skin bulging between her
strong fingers. At one point she felt Pam give an involuntary shudder.
Then Pam was off for home. Bess gave her the several pairs of white
cotton panties she had left over the past few days. Pam thanked Bess
and pulled on her dress. She didn't bother to put on any of the
undergarments. Bess smiled at her and whispered, "Bravo, love" Pam
slipped on her shoes at the back door and ran across the backyards to
her home.

"My energy level is up. This diet and exercise stuff really works," Pam
thought as she slipped into her own home.




Acquisition 3/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


The next morning before school, Bess called Pam and told her to that
she would meet her at a used furniture store at 12:30. Bess wanted to
start on "Pam's Room" in her house. The two women chatted excitedly
about what inexpensive furniture could be purchased for the "secret"
room at the flea market. They also discussed painting and decorating
the room. It was great fun, two friends out on a secret mission. Pam
felt like a kid all morning.

The "Girls" had a wonderful time buying an old four poster bed, big
vanity and mirror, a dresser and an overstuffed couch that needed to be
recovered. They ended their shopping trip at the paint store picking
out some dark pastel colors for the walls of the room. The two made
excited plans to refinish the furniture and create a hide-a- way for
Pam. Even though Pam knew she wouldn't be able to spend a lot of time
there, the idea of a place that was just hers really appealed to the
middle-aged housewife. She had never in her entire life had a place
that was just hers. Bess was helping her fulfill a dream that she had
never realized that she had until recently. The furniture was to be
delivered the next day so Pam and Bess went to pick up Pam's two
daughters at school. Bess treated the Henderson family "daughters" to
ice cream on the way home. Bess had a big cone as well, but a sharp
look from Bess kept Pam from ordering anything. When the girls asked
why their Mom wasn't having any, Bess said that it wasn't on their
Mom's diet. Despite that one awkward incident everyone was having such
a good time Bess was invited to stay for dinner. It was a wonderful
evening and of course none of the unusual parts of Pam and Bess'
relationship was discussed. But Pam watched what she ate since Bess was
there, after all she wanted to reach her fitness goals and make Bess
proud of her.

As Bess rose to leave she whispered to Pam, "Be on time tomorrow. If
you can get through your exercises quickly we can work on your room.
Also, come to the door with me now I want you to watch me walk home. I
want to be sure I'm safe."

Pam did as she was asked and hugged Bess goodbye at the door. She stood
in the doorway and watched her friend walk across her yard. When Bess
reached her own property, still 50 feet or so from her own back door
she stopped and turned to look at Pam. Then she slowly removed her
clothes and stood naked in the moon light. She waved to Pam and then
walked to her house carrying her clothes. Turning to look at the back
of the Henderson home one more time, she disappeared into her house.
Pam felt a flush rise through her neck to her face and she heard
herself catch her breath. Bill appeared at her side and Pam
jumped. "Did Bess get home?" he asked.

"Yes!" Pam replied, thanking God that her husband hadn't seen anything.
Bess had taken a chance, but it was exciting.

The next evening after settling her family Pam entered Bess' house
remembering to take her shoes off at the door like she was told. She
was a few minutes early and discovered Bess watching TV in the living
room. Pam smiled and greeted Bess with a bright "Hi, neighbor."

The sound was low but a distinct groan cam from the TV. Pam was shocked
to discover that the TV showed a naked couple making love. A muscular
man laid on his back while a busty blonde bounced up and down on him.
Her large breasts were being squeezed and pulled by the man. Moans
continued to come from both the man and woman on the TV screen.

"Bess, what are you watching?" exclaimed Pam. Then she noticed that her
neighbor had one of her hands stuck down the front of her sweat pants.

Bess pulled her hand from her pants and turned off the TV with the
remote control.

"PAM, don't ever question me like that," exclaimed Bess sharply, "do
you understand?"

Pam wilted under Bess' hard look. "I'm sorry Bess," replied Pam
sheepishly in a soft voice.

"Well, that's better. Let's go look at your furniture. It was delivered
today. Then we can have a workout. If there is enough time we can
decide how to refinish and arrange 'your' room." Bess led Pam upstairs.
Once in the room with pieces of furniture and a disassembled bed
scattered about Bess said, "I don't mind telling you about what was
happening downstairs, but you never demand an answer from me. If you
ask politely by saying 'please Bess, and thank you Bess', just like you
make your little students say. I might tell you." Bess looked sternly
at Pam and with a hard edge to her voice said, "Ask me Pam."

Pam gulped and said, "Please Bess, what were you watching?"

"That's better! Pam that was an old sex video that my ex-husband left
behind. He used to look at that kind of stuff from time to time. I
found a half dozen tapes in a box in the attic today when I was looking
to find an old lamp or two for your room. I was doing something nice
for you and you have the temerity to question me, you should be
ashamed."

"I'm sorry Bess," Pam replied looking at the floor. She felt real shame
at causing her friend pain.

Bess smiled at the contrite Pam then continued, "Pam, it has been over
two years since my husband left and I haven't had sex in all that time.
I know that you have told me that Bill isn't a very good lover but at
least you have some of your needs met and more importantly you have a
closeness and get to be held some."

Pam was shocked at this admission by Bess but it made sense. Bill was
not a very good or inspired lover, but she did have the occasional
small orgasm and she did enjoy being cuddled and held by her husband.
Suddenly she felt terrible for Bess. "I'm sorry, Bess. I..."

Bess' anger flashed, "Don't you dare feel sorry for me. I admit that I
was watching the sex tape and giving myself a little pleasure. I know
you once told me you never do that, but I don't have your options do I?"

Then Bess walked up and hugged Pam. "Why do you think I enjoy our
friendship so much, "she whispered in Pam's ear. "I need the closeness.
I'm your friend Pam, and your hugs are the only human touch I get. I
know you were shocked when I got in the shower with you the other day
but I just need to be held."

Pam' felt a love and need she had never felt before. It was almost like
a surrender. Something she had never felt before. She hugged her friend
tightly. "I'm here for you Bess, I'll help you anyway I can."

Bess straightened up. "Good, Pam. I know I can depend on you to do just
what I say, and to help me. Just like I'm helping you with your needs
and uncertainties.' Bess pulled away, "Time for our workout, Pam. Let's
hurry so we can put some of this furniture together later."

In the basement both women disrobed. Bess noted with satisfaction that
Pam didn't even pause before stripping off her bra and panties. Pam
dutifully hung both women's clothes in the closet. Bess smiled at Pam
when the housewife handed her the paddle without being asked.

After almost two weeks the routine was going much faster, and Pam's
exercise form was almost perfect. She was only slapped with the paddle
a couple of times.

After the work out Pam was breathing hard. Bess hadn't broken a
sweat. "Pam, I want you to 'assume the position' ." Pam not
understanding said, "Why?"

"That's exactly 'Why' Pam. You had the nerve to question me upstairs
and again now."

"I'm sorry Bess. Please..."

"NOW, Pam!"

With a droop of her shoulders and a look of resignation and shame on
her face Pam draped herself over the bench.

Bess couldn't help but notice that Pam's ass seemed firmer and stuck up
invitingly. Bess felt a delicious shiver run through her as she raised
the paddle high then brought it down making a resounding slap sound in
the basement. Pam jerked and whimpered as the paddle began its return
trip to the top of the arc, poised silently for a moment, then with a
whooshing sound returned to the soft rounded buttocks that looked so
beautiful, so vulnerable.

By the time Bess had finished, Pam was crying openly. Sweat had begun
to form on the athletic tormentor. But there was something else. During
the last few swats of the paddle, it seemed that Pam's ass had not
rocked to avoid the paddle, but had, in fact risen off the bench in an
almost imperceptible movement to reach out towards the pain causing
instrument. Almost a movement of welcome!!

Bess pulled Pam from the bench and held her tightly. "It's OK love, its
Ok," Bess cooed in the sobbing Pam's ear.

The naked women stopped for a cold drink in the kitchen, then made
their way to "Pam's room."

Once there they assembled the bed frame and talked about painting the
furniture and walls. Pam said that she could sew some slip covers if
Bess would get some material for the couch. Then she said she would
like to make a matching bedspread. The two naked women made some
measurements of the bed and couch. Then Bess said, "Let's hit the
shower, you will need to be going soon."

In the shower Bess washed Pam gently and was rewarded by Pam who was
much less inhibited about running a soapy washcloth and even her soapy
hands on Bess' body. Pam even commented about how hard Bess' muscles
were. Bess told her that Pam would soon be able to feel the long hard
muscles on her own body. As they dried each other Bess told Pam that
working out made you much aware of your body and she was sure that Pam
would find herself looking at herself and running her hands over her
own body as her exercising continued. "That's just a byproduct of being
aware of your own physicality. "For the first time in your life you
will start to love your own body Pam," stated Bess as she began the
ritual of rubbing cream into the bright red ass that was lying on her
bed.

At the door Pam pulled on her dress and stuffed her bra and panties
into her pocket.

Bess hugged her then noticed some grime on Pam's dress. "Pam what is
that?"

Pam looked and replied that it was some mess that one of her little
students had made grabbing her during class.

"Yes, I've noticed little messes on your clothes in the past. I don't
want that mess in my spotless house. Since we are going to be painting
and cleaning your room for the next few days and you already have so
much laundry to do between Bill, the girls and I-- let's have a new
rule. When you come into my house not only will you take off your
shoes, but you will also strip and hang ALL of your clothes on this
hook by the door. Understand?"

"Yes, Bess."

"Good! Tomorrow is not work out day so we can have great fun starting
to fix up your room," Bess smiled at Pam.

Pam hugged her neighbor and dashed out the door. She was beginning to
enjoy the feel of her breasts swinging naturally as she walked home.

****

The next day Pam hurried home from the pre-school and after dropping
her purse and school bag at her home she literally skipped across the
yards to Bess' house. She pulled off her shoes, and started to call out
for Bess. Then she remembered, she paused for a minute at the back
door, then pulled off her dress. She fingered the straps of her bra for
a moment then with resolve pulled down the straps, spun the bra so the
clasp was in front and unhooked it. After hanging the dress and bra on
the hook she pushed down her panties and hung them up as well.

Bess was at the top of the stairs waiting for her. "Howdy, my naked
neighbor, come on up to your room and let me show you what I bought
this morning. Pam felt more naked than usual. The daylight was
streaming in Bess' windows, until now it had been dark as the women had
walked through the house naked. Plus Bess was wearing her usual work
out clothes. Until now they had always been naked together. Now only
Pam stood, in glorious nudity, in the brightness of the noonday sun.

"I only have a couple of hours then I have to pick up the girls," said
Pam.

"That's OK, I'll come with you later, maybe I'll buy the girls another
ice cream cone."

Bess showed Pam how she had arranged the room and a dark red enamel
paint that she had begun painting all of the furniture in. "Help me
paint with this delicious color Pam."

"Are you sure about the color Bess?" asked Pam as she picked up a brush
and knelt beside the unpainted vanity.

"PAM! Have you forgotten so quickly. We can make time for a trip to the
basement if you need it. I work hard all morning for you and you
continue to question me!"

"I'm sorry Bess, please forgive me... Please, Bess, tell me why we are
using this color."

"That's better Pam. Tomorrow when we are downstairs for our work out
I'll remind you again about being polite to me. Now as for this color,
I have a great idea about this room that will make it very striking. We
will use only three colors in the room. The blood red we have here,
white and black. I know that you wanted pastels and frilly ruffles, but
I want simplicity and boldness. I think it suits the new Pam. Don't
you? Save the ruffles and pastels for your house with the girls and
Bill. I want this room to be different from what you have at home."
Bess continued, "I got the material for the slip cover and the
bedspread in the bag over there."

Pam jumped to see the material Bess had bought and in doing so her
paint covered brush bumped her thigh leaving a slash of red across it.

"See why I wanted you naked Pam," laughed Bess. "Be careful, you don't
want to get covered in paint." Bess reached out with her brush and
dabbed it across Pam's stomach.

Pam, getting into the spirit, lunged towards Bess with her brush, but
the athletic small woman easily dodged the brush and hit Pam on the
right breast with another splash of red. Pam moved towards Bess again
laughing, but Bess jumped behind her and ran the brush down her spine
from shoulder blades into the valley formed by the roundness of Pam's
upper buttocks.

"Stop Pam, before I get you completely covered. I'm too fast for you.
Lets look at the material," Bess laughed.

Bess pulled yards of black satin material out of the bag. "Can you sew
this?"

"Sure, but..." Pam caught herself before she asked the question. She
looked up and smiled at her neighbor, "Yes Bess."

"Very good, Pam. And we will paint the walls white. Let's get back to
painting. Why are you wiggling around so much."

"That damn paint on my back is running down, you know where!"

Bess laughed, "You mean in the crack of your ass Pam? Then say it."

Pam blushed, "Ok, I've got paint running down the crack of my ass."

Both women erupted into laughter and went back to painting the
furniture.

Soon it was time to pick up the girls. "Not enough time for a shower
Pam. That paint has dried so put on your clothes and lets go get your
girls."

The bright red slashes of paint against Pam's soft white skin had given
Bess another idea. For later.

Bess walked Pam back to her house carrying the bag of material.

The two women had a fun afternoon with Pam's kids, but both were very
aware that under Pam's clothes, her skin was decorated with splotches
of garish color. At the ice cream parlor Bess noticed a poster of a
clown holding a bunch of red balloons. She leaned over to Pam and
whispered, "Those balloons match the crack of your ass." Pam blushed
and whispered back, "my whole backside was that color after you
finished with the paddle the other night." Bess smiled back and
replied, "I think you kind of liked it." Pam didn't reply but Bess did
notice her squirming in her seat.

The next night was a workout night and Pam arrived after making sure
her family was in for the evening. She quickly stripped at the back
door and headed for the basement. She found Bess already working out
and soon she was also well into her exercises. Bess began adding some
weight to Pam's routine and demanded more repetitions of each
exercise. "We are making progress Pam. After the work out we will get
the "week two" measurements, then I owe you a reminder about
questioning me."

Bess watched Pam carefully. She really had the routine down and as much
as she would have liked to give her a smack, Pam gave her no reason.
What was surprising was how Pam looked. Even during the most awkward
exercises the naked housewife had the ability to look sexy. Something
about how she held her body, the curves and lines made her look very
smooth even when she was bent in the most obscene and revealing
positions. Bess finally couldn't stand not controlling Pam, so she
criticized Pam's toe raises. During this exercise Pam had a weight bar
on her shoulder and she had to rise to the balls of her feet from a
foot flat on the floor position. The exercise worked the calf muscles,
the back of the thighs and the ass as the buttocks squeezed tight at
full extension.

"Smack", the paddle fell onto Pam's exposed ass. "Pam you are not
staying on the balls off your feet long enough. This exercise will
really shape your legs, do it right!" The paddle smacked down again.

After the routine was over Bess measured and weighed Pam and recorded
the data on the chart. Pam had lost another 4 pounds and 1/2 inch from
her waist. The other measurements hadn't changed. "You're making
progress Pam."

"I know, I can tell a difference. I have more energy and my clothes
fell a little loose," the housewife replied, clearly proud of herself.

"Your chest hasn't increased but I think that your tits look a little
firmer. Do your bras feel any tighter?"

Pam blushed at the word Bess used but replied, "I can't tell any
difference, but you were right about being more aware of my body. I
catch myself looking in the mirror a lot more than I ever did before."

"That's natural for people who work out, Pam. You'll find yourself
touching and rubbing your body too. You will just feel more physical."
Then Bess added with a harshness in her voice, "Assume the position. I
have to remind you about questioning me like I told you I would. I
wouldn't want you to think you could get away with anything."

Pam looked at Bess with trepidation but silently bent over the bench.

Bess gently rubbed Pam's proffered ass with one hand then quickly
slammed the paddle down with the other. Between each stroke Bess
caressed the reddening ass flesh, then popped it hard. Pam sobbed but
didn't object. After a dozen strokes Bess dropped the paddle and
dropped to her knees behind her whimpering neighbor. "Don't move," she
whispered urgently to Pam. Slowly Bess took one of Pam's ass cheeks
into each hand. She could feel the heat from the paddling as she held
the soft flesh. Slowly she pulled the cheeks apart. Pam could feel
Bess' breath on the pubic hair hidden deep in her crack. Then Pam felt
a finger gently touch her asshole and run down to the fleshy folds of
her vulva.

Pam's body jerked and she cried, "What are you doing?"

Bess jumped to her feet, "Questioning me again!!,' she shouted and
began to rain bare handed slaps down on the tender flesh. Pam began to
bawl. In a few moments Bess stopped and pulled Pam to her feet. She
hugged her hard. "You missed some of the paint from yesterday. I was
just looking to see, so you could wash up in the shower."

Pam begged forgiveness and Bess told her it was OK now. Pam had paid
the penalty. Bess held her neighbor and stroked her hair. But Bess knew
something else. She had smelled the smell of female arousal on Pam and
her finger had felt a wetness between those beautiful legs that was
slick. It wasn't the moisture of sweat, it was the moisture of vaginal
lubrication.

"Let's go get a shower and I'll get that paint off of you, love," Bess
said as she draped her arm around Pam's naked waist and led her up the
stairs.

In the shower Bess decided to take their relationship to a new level.
She knew that Pam was aroused even if her conservative neighbor didn't
realize it herself. This wasn't about sex, it was about control. All of
the things that Bess had made Pam do was because she got off on
controlling her neighbor. All the things that Pam did willingly were,
at their basic level, about giving up control. The cooking, the
cleaning, the diet; and even the nudity and the spanking were not about
sex. They were about getting Pam to do what Bess wanted her to do.
About Pam surrendering to Bess. It could have just as easily been about
money or what car to drive. But Bess had stumbled upon something very
powerful. Control of the thing that is most precious to a person, their
body. Bess had taken control of Pam's body in many ways: Things like
what to eat and being naked. Bess was controlling, as much as possible,
what Pam's body would look like. Those were very powerful things.
Giving up that kind of control, or taking that kind of control of
someone was not easy. But Bess wanted it. She wanted to know that kind
of control and power. She had never had it before. Everyone else in her
life had run away from her dominating personality. But in her neighbor
she had found someone who needed to give up control. Give up the battle
that ground on in her life, day after day. Bess had no doubt despite
the uncomfortable things Pam did at her house, that Pam enjoyed her
time here. Looked forward to it as a time when she could turn off the
life that weighed so heavily upon her.

Now Bess thought it was time to go further go "inside" the person, take
control of some part of the soul. The way to get to that part of Pam
was through her family or through her morals. Bess knew better than to
screw around with the maternal instinct. Bess knew that you didn't
threaten a mother's children or fool with their relationship, because
you would surely lose. Besides, Bess genuinely liked Pam's kids and
thought that Pam did a good job with them. So there had to be another
way, perhaps Pam's sense of morals might be the key. And what greater
moral issue did people have than sex? What was more personal?

Bess was not bisexual, but she appreciated Pam's beauty and she was
lonely for human touch. She could do this. Bess smiled as she steered
Pam into the shower. Yes, sex was the tool that she would use to get
literally and figuratively inside her neighbor and bind her to the
control they both had begun to explore and both seemed to need. Sex
plus the controls like punishment already being used would make Pam
hers. "Finally, someone just for me," thought Bess. "Someone, for at
least part of the time, I can make into anything I want." The thought
made Bess shiver as she said hugged herself to the now wet Pam and
cooed, "let me help you get that spot of red paint off, love."

Pam was feeling confused. She loved her time at Bess' house. She was so
free here, without worry, without having to make the right decision or
say the right thing. Bess took care of all of it. Doing the mindless
tasks Bess had her do was not burdensome, in fact it was liberating.
She didn't mind the work or the workout, she rather enjoyed it. The
spanking had been a shock at first, but it made her feel like a little
girl as well. At some level she knew she deserved to be punished. The
warm blush on her ass that she could feel even now, hurt, but wasn't
hurtful. Was that crazy, or was it just more of being free? Knowing
that someone would praise and punish you. Lead you in the right
direction. And the nudity. Again she had been unsure at first, but now
she couldn't wait to get over here so she could strip off her clothes.
One afternoon, with Bill at work and the kids still at school, she had
tried walking around her own home naked. But it just didn't feel the
same. She was presented with reminders of the girls and Bill at every
turn. She just felt silly. But when she came to Bess' house being naked
seemed wonderful, freeing. And she was beginning to enjoy her body. She
felt better about herself physically. It seemed naughty at Bess' house,
but it felt right. And she was feeling sexier than ever before in her
life. Even sexier than when she was in college. Not a night went by now
that she didn't wish that Bill would make love to her. But he was stuck
in his once a week rut. At least Bess enjoyed the freedom with her,
something Bill would never understand. Her mind snapped back as Bess
slowly released her from a long hug. Pam's breasts regaining their
pendulous shape as Bess stepped back. Bess picked up the soap and wash
cloth. Leaned forward to peck Pam on the lips with a sweet kiss and
said, "Bend over Pam, let me get that paint."

Pam bent over, hands on her knees. Bess watched the water splash on
Pam's back, run down her sides and form little rivulets as the water
rushed down the swelling sides of Pam's tits. It was sexy watching the
water pour off of the lowest point. Little streams of water fell from
the tips of Pam's brown nipples. Nipples that were noticeably hard.

Bess kneeled down in the shower and soaped the wide curves of Pam's ass
with the wash cloth. Pam wiggled a little. "Still tender Pam? You are
still red from the spanking, buts it's a pretty hue." Pam just mumbled
something Bess couldn't understand.

With the soap washed off Bess leaned forward and lightly kissed each
cheek of Pam's ass.

"OK Pam reach back and spread your cheeks so I can dig out that paint."

Pam hesitated. "Do it! Its not like I haven't seen you," hissed Bess.

Pam reached back and halfheartedly spread her buttocks. Bess grabbed
Pam's hands and spread the cheeks wide. "Hold it there, Pam"

Reaching up with the warm soapy washcloth Bess began to run the
material from The top of the crack between Pam's buttocks all the way
down and under until the washcloth covered Pam's pubic hair. She kept a
steady pressure as she rubbed the cloth up and back-- over and over
again. It didn't take long before Pam's breath was coming in ragged
gasps. The simulation of the coarse material and the slick of the water
and soap soon had Pam's entire crotch warm and tingly.

"Is... I... Isss it clean... y... y... yetttt?" Pam moaned.

"No not yet, stand still and close your eyes, just a little while
longer."

Pam closed her eyes and bit her lower lip. The washcloth continued to
make pass after pass. God, Bess is getting me off. I'm about to have an
orgasm, thought Pam.

"Besssss, please, what. OHHH stop OOHH."

The movement continued driving her crazy and finally it happened. Pam
didn't want it to, but she couldn't help herself. Her orgasm swept over
her, causing her knees to buckle and to lose feeling in her hips and
legs. No feeling except the delicious warmth that was spreading outward
from deep in her belly.

As Pam staggered Bess dropped the cloth, grabbed her neighbor and
lowered her down on the shower floor. Bess Cradled Pam in her lap.
Pam's thighs flopped open uncontrolled as shivers of orgasm continued
to flow through the body of the middle-aged mother. Bess looked down.
Pam's labia were slightly swollen and reddish from the blood that had
engorged her female organs during orgasm. The pussy lips were pouty and
visible in the wet mat of pubic hair, as the shower water continued to
beat down on the women.

Bess let her hand trail down the beautiful body to Pam's cunt. Gently
she let a finger trail between the folds of Pam's pussy. Pam was still
coming down from her orgasm and unaware of the invading finger. Bess
slowly let her finger push between the folds until it was buried to the
first knuckle. "God, Pam's pussy felt like silk," thought Bess, "It is
like my finger is stuck in hot butter. What a wonderful cunt this woman
has, it makes me understand why some women are lesbians."

Bess rocked the tip of her finger in and out of Pam a few times.

Pam had buried her face in Bess' neck and was only now gaining control
of her breathing.

"Let see if I can get her to cum again," thought Bess.

She buried her finger to the second knuckle, and this time Pam shifted
slightly.

Bess changed her tactic and slowly rotated her finger in a circular
motion inside the cunt of Pam. The circles were small and Pam's arms
held Bess a little tighter.

Pam was coming down from her orgasm and felt the pressure of Bess'
finger as it gently spun inside her.

"Bess," Pam moaned. Her mind was a mass of conflicting emotions. "This
is wrong. I shouldn't... you shouldn't... "

"Pam it is OK, you need this. I'm telling you to do it. Listen to me,
its OK. You know that you need to do as I say. Close your eyes relax,
enjoy the feeling. It's OK. You're so good. This is just for you and me
it has nothing to do with your life outside my house." Pam was amazed
at the feeling of Pam's cunt walls. Her finger was now buried to the
hilt in Pam. Bess stopped the circular motion and began moving her
finger into the traditional fucking in/out movement. Pam's pussy was
very wet and the heat that Bess felt on her finger was amazing. Despite
being slick with lubrication the skin of Pam's cunt clasped at Bess'
fingers. How could a cunt so wet be so grasping? It felt like liquid
velvet on her finger.

Using her other hand Bess spread Pam's legs a little further giving her
invading palm more room. Pam didn't resist and began moaning on Bess'
shoulder. Bess pushed the heel of her palm down and began applying
pressure to Pam's clit. Very quickly Bess felt more wetness surround
her finger, and then another shudder wracked through Pam's body.

It was quiet in the shower. Only the sound of the splashing water,
Bess' excited breath, and quite sobs from the housewife and mother who
had just had her first orgasm with someone other than her husband. The
glow in her body couldn't hide the fact that she knew some new door in
her life had been opened, and some of the old parts of her life were
forever changed.

After resting, the women dried off. Pam couldn't look Bess in the eye.
But the routine took over and soon Pam was lying on the bed while Bess
massaged her abused ass with lotion. Only tonight Bess allowed her
lotion covered fingers to trail between Pam's buttocks and across her
ass and cunt. Bess didn't finger her again but caressed her tenderly as
if to show that it was all right.

Finally Bess whispered, "Time to go, Pam."

The routine got back to normal. At the back door Bess hugged Pam
goodnight and Pam slipped into her dress, sans undergarments. "Pam, you
are exercising well. Only your toe raises are not up to par. Tomorrow
is not a workout day but I know a way to help you with that exercise.
Its really important for your calves, thighs and butt." Bess looked
into Pam's face, trying to read her emotions. Bess could tell that Pam
was still unsure of some of the evening's events, so Bess added, "And
remember-- what goes on here between you and me is special. It has
nothing to do with anything across that property line."

Pam sighed, smiled for the first time since the shower and ran across
the yards, back to her family. She wanted to see if her girls had
gotten to sleep. Even with those family thoughts, before she crossed
into her own yard Pam realized that her bouncing tits under her dress
felt good and her nipples were hard.




Acquisition 4/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


The next afternoon Pam had to stay late at the pre-school. She called
Bess and told her that she would be over after picking up the girls and
could stay until about 5:00. That would give them about two hours
before Pam had to go home and make dinner for Bill and the girls. While
Pam was at Bess' house the girls could be home alone doing their
homework, talking on the phone and watching TV. Bess said that was OK,
but Pam shouldn't make a habit out of changing their time together or
Pam would have to be punished. But Bess also said she appreciated what
a good mother Pam was. These kinds of statements kept Pam on the edge
and off balance. Bess was demanding yet understanding; capable of
punishing her and praising her. Off balance was right where Bess wanted
Pam.

After getting her girls started on their homework after school, Pam
went across the yards. Inside the back door she removed her clothes and
with some trepidation called out for Bess. "I'm up working on your
room," came a shout from upstairs.

Pam hurried up the stairs and almost bumped into Bess at the top of the
stairs. Bess was wearing her usual sweat pants and shirt, and blocked
Pam so she was two steps from the top. That way Bess was looking down
from a superior position. "You have lots of energy Pam. That comes from
working out. But running up the stairs your tits were bouncing all over
the place. I thought that they would firm up more by now. I don't
understand but it might be your posture, or the skin tone of your
boobs. I'll work on some ideas to fix that. I want you as nice and
tight as a 37 year old mother can get. But I already have the solution
to the toe raises. Come into your room."

In the room Pam said, "Oh Bess, you have gotten a lot done."

All of the furniture was painted and Bess had started on the walls.
They were snow white. A new mattress was on the bed.

"Yes, I've been working hard for you Pam, I hope you appreciate it.
Look in the closet."

Pam opened the closet door and discovered the "too small" workout
outfit on a hanger and a pair of black 4 inch high heel shoes on the
floor.

"I think that they will fit. Size 8 1/2 right Pam?"

"Yes, but how will this help... " As soon as it was out of her mouth
Pam bit her tongue.

"Pam, looks like tomorrow we will have to have a little reminder in the
basement. But I'll tell you. I want you to wear these all the time that
you are here. Except while working out, I don't want you breaking an
ankle. These will keep your heels up, stretch your hamstrings and make
you keep your butt flexed. It will make a difference. Of course your
toes will have to get used to the pressure and you will need to work on
your balance, but it will work and you WILL wear them. It's for your
own good Pam."

"Put them on and let's get to work on the wall paint."

Pam sat on the old sofa, slipped her feet into the shoes and attached
the ankle straps. She stood up and immediately lost her balance and
flopped back down on the couch. "I've never worn more than a one inch
heel Bess. How can people walk in shoes like this?"

Bess looked at her sprawled naked on the couch and laughed. "Practice,
practice, practice, Pam. You'll get the hang of it, let me help."

Bess stood next to the couch and helped Pam to her feet. She held Pam's
elbow as the woman got her balance. Pam now stood a foot taller than
the tiny Bess. She led Pam in a small circle. Pam was awkward and took
halting steps.

"This make me want to pitch forward, Bess. But I can feel the tightness
in my legs."

"Good, they are doing their job. They will make you stand up straighter
as well. keep your center of gravity over the shoes, you can't lean
forward."

Pam began getting the hang of the balance and was soon walking
unassisted. Bess watched her carefully. To keep her balance Pam had to
keep her shoulders back, this make her thrust her naked and swinging
tits further outward. It looked as if Pam was now being lead by some
invisible force pulling her by her breasts.

"Well with those on you will be able to paint the high places on the
wall," laughed Bess.

The two women laughed together and went about finishing the wall paint.
Bess would stare at her neighbor when she reached upward. The vision of
Pam naked in black stiletto heels stretching upward, pulling her ass
and tits up and out was amazing. Bess could understand how such a sight
would turn men on. Hell, it was turning her on. Bess made a point to
correct and criticize the job Pam was doing. Making her stretch high
then bend at the waist to paint some place next to the floor. The sight
of her bending over at the waist heels raised, legs stretched and vulva
displayed from the rear was also very erotic. Bess felt a wetness
between her own legs and thought she could see a shine forming on Pam's
pussy.

The women finished the walls of the room. Bess said, "Let's go down
stairs and get some ice water."

At the top of the stairs Pam asked Bess to help her as she was worried
that she might fall. Bess put her arms around Pam and held her as they
walked down the stairs. Pam naked except for her shoes, Bess clothed.
Bess also took the opportunity to let her hands wander over Pam's body.

The women got their drinks and sat on the couch in the living room.
Bess picked up the TV/VCR controller and clicked on the TV. Pictures of
a woman on her hands and knees taking a cock doggy style and sucking
another filled the large screen.

"This is another of my ex's video's. I wouldn't admit this to anyone
but you, Pam, but earlier today I was playing with myself while I
watched it. Do you think it's sexy?"

In one statement Bess had broached the subject of sex and made Pam her
confidant. The manipulation of Pam's feelings continued.

Pam eyes were locked on the screen. "Bess, until the other day I had
never seen a movie like this. And to be honest I have never been very
sexual. I was always taught that this kind of stuff was dirty and
wrong."

"Well Pam, I don't think what happened yesterday was dirty. And unlike
you I don't have a man to take care of my needs, so what choice do I
have? I have to masturbate."

Pam blushed at the thought of the shower activity. She had been trying
to keep it out of her mind. And she hadn't masturbated in years. The
thought of Bess playing with herself made her uncomfortable.

"Look Pam, You are all concerned because of your good girl image of
yourself. Well you are a good girl. A great wife and mother. What
happened last night was between two friends. It's not like you were
unfaithful or you hurt anyone. Did Bill suffer? Did the girls? NO! I've
told you again and again, my house is your refuge, don't worry about it
and don't let it bother you. In fact, I'm telling you to be more
accepting of your sexuality. I am."

With that Bess pushed down her pants while sitting next to her naked
neighbor looked back at the screen and began running her fingers
through her pubic hair.

"I love this part, Pam. Watch the woman shake all over when she cums."

Pam looked at the screen, both men were flexing their buttocks and Pam
could tell that they must be coming inside the woman. He could tell
that the men's orgasms had triggered something inside the woman because
her body began to spasm.

"You're lucky, Pam. You have a man, I just have my fingers."

Pam noticed that Bess was strumming her clit with her thumb while one
of her fingers ran up and down her moist slit. Soon Bess was on the
edge.

Bess looked at Pam and said, "Hold me Pam. I need to be held when I
cum."

Pam was filled with panic but Bess grabbed her with her one free arm
and Pam finally wrapped her arms around her friend and held her
gingerly.

Bess whimpered and Pam felt the orgasm flow through her friend's
body. "Strange," Pam thought, "Bill shudders the exact same way when we
make love."

"Thank you Pam, I needed to be held like that."

Pam didn't know what to say so she simply said, "I'm glad I was here
for you Bess."

"Pam you know how last night... I sort of did you. Do you think you
could do that for me."

Pam thought for a minute. "Bess I can hold you like I just did, but I
don't think I can put my hands or fingers... you know."

"I understand Pam. If you would hold me sometimes, I would appreciate
that." The women smiled at each other tenderly.

Bess continued, "I don't mind doing what I did last night for you."

Pam stuttered, I'm not... let me think... "

"I know, I understand. But if there is a way we could hold each other
and... you know... without having to use our... well hands and
fingers... could we do that? Um... If we didn't have to touch... just
hold..."

"Yes, I would like that, Bess. I know how lonely you are."

Bess didn't say anything. She wanted Pam blissfully unaware. Bess was
remembering a scene on another one of her ex's videos. A scene between
two women. Yes that would work. She was sure that her overprotected
neighbor had probably never seen one of those things. It wouldn't be
touching technically. It would be better than touching.

The two women hugged.

Bess laughed, breaking the tension, "I wonder where they get women to
do these things." pointing at the screen where two new men had taken
the place of the ones who had dropped their loads into the cheap
looking blonde.

Pam blushed, "They must be prostitutes."

Bess smiled and clicked off the video, "Well I'm sure that some are,
but a couple of the videos my ex left are labeled 'Amateur wives and
girlfriends'." Bess paused for a second. "Wow, that would be something
wouldn't it." Then she quickly continued, "lets see if the paint is dry
and then you need to put up your shoes and head home. Do you have my
menu for you and your family?"

"Yes Bess. It's really a help, you listing everything for me."

Bess followed Pam up the stairs, watching her heart shaped ass and taut
legs swing on every step.

A few minutes later, at the back door Bess said. I owe you a paddling
tomorrow, and I have some ideas about how to tighten up your boobs.
Other than that, you're doing great. Stay on the diet."

"I will Bess. Its hard, I'm hungry all the time."

"Thank you for holding me today, Pam. We really need each other, you
know."

"Yes, I know," Pam whispered as she headed out the door.

****

That evening Pam finished sewing the slip cover for the old couch and
also tacked black satin to an old comforter she had gotten out of her
attic. It made a perfect bedspread. Bill noticed her sewing and asked
her what she was making. She just replied some things for her pre-
schoolers to play with. She didn't like lying to her husband, but this
was part of her and Bess' time together. It had nothing to do with
Bill, she reasoned to herself. She couldn't wait to have her own hide-a-
way at her neighbor's house.

The next day, after an afternoon and evening with her family, Pam
headed to Bess'. She kissed her husband on the cheek and said I'm going
for my workout. Bill looked up from the TV and said, "You sure are
getting into shape; you've been exercising and dieting for over two
weeks. You're making me look bad."

Pam smiled brightly, "Well I want to be the same size as when we got
married Bill. And it's good for the girls to know that taking care of
yourself is important." But Pam knew that those arguments were only
secondary to the reliance on Bess that she felt. Bill turned back to
the TV as Pam quietly exited their home for the rest of the evening.

Soon she was naked in Bess' basement working hard on her exercises.
Tonight Bess took liberties with Pam's body as they went through their
routine. Bess' hands touched, stroked, pushed and moved Pam's body
almost constantly. Before tonight Bess had been careful not to be too
overt in touching Pam. She had held her arms and legs and even
occasionally pushed on Pam's buttocks but that was all. Sexy but not
overtly sexual. But tonight the strong hands of Bess stroked Pam's
legs; squeezed her arms and ass cheeks, and often trailed across her
breasts and stomach until Bess' fingers combed the top of Pam's pubic
hair. On several occasions when Pam was bending over doing an exercise
Bess actually cupped Pam's hanging full breasts. Even pinching Pam's
nipple on one occasion. All of this was done in the context of
exercising, but 1 and 1/2 hours of constant touching had its effect on
both women. It was like 90 minutes of foreplay.

After the workout was over, with no paddling, Bess reminded Pam about
yesterday's questioning. Without being told Pam draped herself across
the bench. When Bess didn't move Pam looked at her. Bess nodded towards
a table across the room. Pam realized why Bess was waiting. As Bess
tapped her foot impatiently Pam jumped up ran and got the paddle on the
table and brought it back to Bess. Then she laid back on the bench. And
whispered, "I'm sorry Bess, I'll try to do better."

"Damn," Bess thought, "the bitch is really getting into this." Pam had
her ass arched as high as possible. Higher than ever before and Bess
could see the wetness between the exposed pussy flesh.

"I think we are both going to enjoy this Pam," and the first of many
blows rained down on the upturned buttocks.

Bess worked on ass cheek then the other then back again. Pam was
howling in pain, but she squirmed and fluid was dripping from her
snatch onto the vinyl covered weight bench. Finally Bess stopped. Pam's
ass was bright red.

Through sobs Pam asked, "Bess are you done?"

Bess replied coolly, "Do you want me to be done?"

"Oh yes,... well... it hurts so much... but I need it I know... I don't
know Bess... I don't know," and the middle-aged wife didn't move but
Bess saw her raise her ass even higher as an invitation.

Bess smacked her one more time then said, "Get up. I have a new
punishment. It won't hurt the same was as paddling but it will hurt;
and at the same time it should help you with those loosey goosey tits
of yours."

Pam stood and Bess held her until the crying subsided.

With red rimed eyes from crying Pam said, "what do you want me to do?
Whatever it is I know you will take care of me and I know I deserve
it." Bess noted that Pam's voice had a little girl like quality to it
as she made that statement.

Bess had an idea and while she hadn't worked out all the details she
quickly directed Pam to lie face down on another bench that was very
narrow. "Are you going to paddle me some more?"

"No Pam, just lie there."

Bess reached under Pam's chest and tugged on her breasts until one fell
on each side of the narrow bench. Pam's tits hung towards the floor
dangling in the two foot space between the bench and tile floor.

Bess pulled the table behind the bench. With her strength it was easy
for Bess lift Pam's legs onto the table. This placed Pam at an angle,
head down and legs a foot or so above. The lowest point on Pam's body
was her hanging breasts.

Pam had to keep her abdomen flexed to keep from falling between the
bench and table. She didn't know how long she could hold that position.
When she said that, Bess told her not to move, and she had better hold
herself up or there would be hell to pay.

Bess sat on the floor at Pam's head.

"Pam," Bess said to the straining housewife, "we need to make your tits
firmer and the exercise just isn't doing it. This will punish you and
help you at the same time." She looked directly into Pam's straining
face which was only inches from her own. "Breast tissue has some but
not a lot of blood vessels for the tissue volume. What I want is to
force as much blood as I can into your tits. Making them the lowest
point on your body your blood will naturally run into your tits. I'm
going to help by stroking downward. This will force the blood further
down and the massaging will cause the blood vessels to dilate slightly
enabling more blood to flow."

Bess continued seeing that this physiology mumbo-jumbo seemed to be
calming Pam. "Your tits will start to throb. That's your punishment.
But it will also make them firmer and perhaps even a little bigger and
more sensitive." Bess didn't know about most of the bullshit she had
just made up, but she happily began manipulating Pam's generous boobs.
She figured that Pam was naive enough to believe it.

For herself, Bess really didn't mind having a flat chest. It made her a
better athlete. Tits like Pam's must get in the way and give a person a
backache. But they were nice to look at and play with.

Bess, using both hands opened widely, grasped Pam's tits as far up as
she could at their wide base. Then she deliberately and firmly pulled
her hands toward the floor squeezing them together has she went. The
effect was the same as a farmer milking a cow, but in this case the
udder was a big tit many times the size of a cow's teat. Bess stroked
and pulled on one breast and then the other. To her amazement she could
feel Pam's tits expanding. It actually worked. Of course when Pam stood
up the blood pressure would be relieved and Pam's tits would return to
normal. But even a normal Pam had a nice chest.

Bess was amazed, after numerous hard pulls on each breast the skin that
she was pulling was as taut as a drum. The flesh was engorged, and
becoming sensitive if Pam's wiggling was any indication.

"Bess," Pam whispered, "I can't hold this position any more. My stomach
and legs are cramping."

"OK, Pam, just a minute more!" This is wild, Bess thought. I need to
see what this looks like. She had an idea. Bess jumped up and reached
over Pam's body to the table. In a small drawer there was some paper,
pencils, plastic tape and heavy rubber bands. Bess pulled out two of
the heaviest rubber bands she could find. She dropped back to the floor.

Bess could tell that Pam's muscles were about to fail, so she quickly
pulled a heavy band wide open and pushed it up Pam's left breast until
it reached her abdomen. She released the band and repeated the
entrapment on the right breast. As the second band snapped on, Pam's
legs gave out and her feet fell off the table to the floor. Pam used
her hands on the bench to steady herself and raised the top half of her
body up to regain her balance.

Bess was sitting on the floor looking at Pam's face. Pam was on her
knees leaning forward. Her weight was supported by her knees and her
arms. Pam had a hold of each side of the narrow bench. Her arms were
straight supporting her. Since the bench was so narrow Pam's breasts
were trapped between her elbows. Squeezed together in the middle. A
classic nude pose. As Bess' gaze moved down from Pam's beautiful
sweating face the sight that greeted her eyes was astonishing. Bess let
out an involuntary, "Oh my Gawd."

Capped by hard brown nipples were a pair of tits that would do any
stripper proud. They were fully 25% bigger than their normal size. The
skin was so tight it shone. The tightness was lifting them higher on
Pam's body. And they were no longer pale white, but a gorgeous dark
pink getting darker all of the time.

Pam saw Bess' reaction and sat back on her haunches, dropping her arms
to her sides. Like the heavy ball used to knock buildings down Pam's
tits swung back with her, then hitting the bottom, began to gain
momentum and swing back upward. Finally stopping with the nipples
pointing towards the ceiling. They paused, held for a second, stopped
by their own inertia, then began the arc downward. Only now Pam had
shifted on her knees so a new vector to the side was added to the most
pendulous things either woman had ever seen attached to a body. It was
as if they moved in slow motion with a physics all of their own.
Swinging diagonally across her body they came to momentary rest when
they hit Pam's arm then began slowly speeding up like a train, back
across to the other side, hard pebble nipples mesmerizing Bess as they
moved in what looked like a slow motion replay.

"OH, my," was all Pam could say.

Both women just stared for a few moments at Pam's tits.

Then recovering from the muscle strain, Pam said, "Ouch Bess this
hurts. They feel like they are going to pop."

"What feels like its going to pop, Pam?"

"My breasts, Ouch."

"Pam, those are tits. If I have ever seen anything that should be
called tits, those are them."

Pam whispered, "My tits hurt."

"Good, that's your punishment. Let's go get our shower."

Bess couldn't keep her eyes off of the balloons that sat on Pam's chest
as they walked upstairs. The jiggling caused by climbing the steps did
amazing things to the movement of the flesh.

Once in the shower Bess noted that the pink of the breast had turned to
red. She would have to get those rubber bands off before some real
damage was done. But she figured she still had a few minutes. Bess
immediately soaped up two washcloths and facing Pam began rubbing each
of the expanded orbs. She used a large circular motion as if she were
waxing her car.

Pam immediately began to moan, "It hurts." But the moans were not
entirely from pain. It was if the tautness of her breasts and nipples
created a direct connection to her pussy. As Bess continued stroking,
Pam's legs buckled. Despite the pain and without being touched between
her legs, a medium sized orgasm wracked her body. Bess stopped rubbing
and watched Pam's face. The housewife's eyelids fluttered and her jaw
went slack. Soft mews escaped from between Pam's lips.

"Wow," Bess thought as the needle spray splashed on the women. Drops of
water leaped off the taut skin, looking as if it were bouncing up from
a now very red trampoline.

Bess pulled Pam from the shower and quickly dried her. When the rough
cloth touched her tits a gasp of pain escaped from Pam.

"Go lie down Pam I will rub the lotion on your ass, then free your
tits."

Pam went into the bedroom while Bess quickly dried off. Once dry Bess
entered the bedroom and found Pam standing next to the bed.

Pam looked at Bess with tears in her eyes, "I can't lie down on my
front."

The red tits were beginning to take on a purple hue.

"OK, lie on your back I'll get you free."

Pam laid on her back, tits reaching for the sky. They looked like
balloons that someone had glued to her body Bess straddled her friend's
waist and dug her fingers under the tits looking for the bands. She
finally found one but the flesh was so engorged that she couldn't slip
it over the huge bulge in Pam's breast. Bess reached over to her
bedside table and grabbed some toe nail clippers. Holding the flesh
back she clipped the band. It flew halfway across the room. Worried
now, Bess quickly repeated the process on the other breast. As that
band shot to the far wall, Pam's screams shook the bedroom. The blood
was released and it felt to Pam as if a thousand needles had been
plunged into her sensitive breasts and nipples. Pam curled into a fetal
position and screamed and screamed and screamed.

At first Bess was frightened that Pam might be hurt, but as she saw
Pam's breasts begin to turn a healthy pink, she knew that the abused
wife would be OK. Bess also knew that it had to hurt like hell.

As Pam's pain began to subside and her wailing lessened, Bess got the
lotion and began rubbing it into Pam's forgotten but still red ass.
Since Pam was curled up, she massaged the parts she could reach.
Finally she pulled Pam from her fetal position and laid on the bed with
her, holding her gently. Then she had Pam roll onto her back. Her tits
had returned to their normal size, but they were still pink rather than
pale white. Bess picked up the lotion again and said, "we don't want
any stretch marks so I'm going to rub some lotion in very gently, OK."

Pam responded with a sigh and a soft' "Ok, but gently please."

Bess squirted generous amounts of lotion on the abused breasts and her
hands. Then very gently stroked the lotion to spread it around the tit
flesh. Something interesting happened. Pam's pain had subsided, but as
soon as Bess touched her tits her nipples became erect and she could
feel an internal tug in her vagina. Her breasts only throbbed a little,
no real pain now, but the connection from tit to twat was still there.
Her breasts, unlike anytime before in her life, were now very sensitive
and sent what felt like little electric charges throughout her body.

Bess knew something was different, because Pam was moaning and had
separated her legs slightly. In moments Pam folded her arms over her
stomach and shuddered. The heel of one of Pam's hands was pressed
against her pubic area. A second orgasm swept through Pam, and Bess
noticed a small amount of fluid leaking from Pam's cunt onto her
bedspread.




Acquisition 5/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


The two women relaxed and recovered while laying on Bess' bed. Bess
cradled her neighbor in her arms and absentmindedly ran a hand up and
down Pam's back.

"It's nice lying here with you Pam"

Pam said, "Yes, this is nice, but that before was excruciating Bess."

Bess said, "I know, but it was exciting. You had two orgasms Pam."

Pam turned her head into a pillow and sobbed softly, "Do you think that
that's wrong Bess? I'm a married woman. What would Bill say? Have we
sinned?"

"Pam, I have told you again and again, in my house you don't worry
about Bill or the kids or anything. You just listen to me. I say that
it was wonderful, I won't allow you to feel any guilt. Besides look how
it made your tits stick up and you are making such progress on your
diet and exercise."

"You won't do that to me again will you Bess? It hurt so much. The
paddling is OK, it hurts but it is kind of fun. I like pretending I'm a
little girl. But what you did to my brea... s... my tits hurt so much."

"Pam, I'll think of another way to help firm you up, but I won't
promise never to do that again. I will if I think you need it." Bess
saw a tear form in Pam's eye. "But don't worry, pet, I won't do it for
a while." Bess felt Pam relax in her arms with that statement. "As for
sinning, we are friends helping each other. Also, you do what I say. So
if there is a sin, it's mine. You don't have any choice, so no matter
what, you are not to blame. When you are here you are not to think or
worry. I'll do the thinking and worrying for both of us. You just
listen to me. Isn't that wonderful, freeing and relaxing?"

Pam snuggled in Bess' arms and murmured, "Mmm."

After a while the women got up. Pam told Bess that the slip cover and
bedspread were finished and she would bring them over tomorrow.

Bess said she had some presents for Pam that she would give her
tomorrow. Since it was not a workout day they could dedicate Pam's new
room. Everything was done and now Pam would have a place just for
herself. A place away from all the pressures of the world outside of
Bess' house. Bess knew that that was what Pam really wanted, right? Pam
of course agreed.

Despite the torturous evening, Bess was able to make Pam look forward
to returning the next day.

**

That night Pam slipped into her bed next to Bill. After he had gone to
sleep Pam gently rubbed her breasts. Her nipples hardened and she could
feel moisture forming in her vagina. Her dreams that night were of
standing naked in the center of a large group of people who were all
pulling her in different directions.

**

In her bed Bess was able to detect Pam's odor on her bed covers from
the housewife's wet orgasm. She smiled to herself in the dark and ran
her hand between her legs. Her dreams that night were of standing above
a crowd of naked cowering people flexing her muscles.

**

The next morning Bess spent the morning shopping in preparation for
Pam's arrival.

After school, Pam ran energetically to Bess' house, carrying the black
material. Then she thought, actually I'm running to my own refuge, my
new room. She wondered excitedly what presents Bess had for her.

Bess entered the back door and removed her clothes. Once naked she
stretched and shook her body, relaxing. Being naked here was becoming
very comfortable and natural for Pam.

Pam called out to Bess and she heard "Up here, Pam," as a reply.

Pam ran up the stairs. Bess stood there in a very pretty floral print
party dress. Her hair was styled and she even wore a pearl necklace.
Pam had never seen her neighbor dress in such feminine clothes. She
looked like she was ready to go to a garden party. Looking out of place
were Pam's black high heels hanging from her fingers.

"Oh Bess you look so nice. Why are you dressed up?"

"Put on your shoes first."

Pam sat on the top step and slipped her feet into the shoes and
tightened the ankle straps. Pam reached up to Bess and was helped to
her feet. Pam's legs stretched and her buttocks tightened.

"I wanted to get dressed for our party Pam. Let's go to your room. I
have some presents for you. You are the most important person to me and
I want to celebrate your home with me here."

The women entered Pam's Room. On the bed were several boxes. There were
also several boxes on the dressing table. On the dresser was a small
cake with two candles and a bottle of wine and two glasses.

"Oh Bess, is all this for me?" Pam asked excitedly.

"Yes love, I wanted to reward my pet for being such a good friend and
working so hard for me. There is one box for me, but the rest are all
yours. First lets put the slipcover on the couch and bedspread on the
bed, then you can open your gifts."

The two women, one all dressed up and the other naked except for high
heels, stretched the slip cover over the old couch. Then after
transferring the packages to the couch they stretched the black satin
bedspread over the mattress.

Sit on the bed Pam and I'll bring you your gifts. Pam giggled and sat
half reclined on the bed. "Oh Bess, you were right this cool satin
feels wonderful against my skin."

"Always remember Pam, I know best," replied Bess. Bess couldn't help
but notice how Pam's white skin stood out in stark relief from the
black satin. It accentuated every line and curve. "Very erotic,"
thought Bess as she handed a box to Pam.

Pam opened the box and discovered a sheer white silk negligee. "This is
beautiful, Bess."

"Well, you will need something to wear if you ever get the chance to
spend the night in your room."

"Do you really think I'll get to someday? Maybe someday if Bill is on a
business trip and the girls are at a friend's house. I haven't spent a
night by myself since I got married. And this gown is gorgeous. Not
really me, though. I usually just wear an old tee-shirt or flannel
night gown to bed."

"Not here, Pam. You are a beautiful, exciting women in this room, not a
middle-aged housewife. That the rule, right?"

"That's right."

The packages were opened one at a time. A beautiful comb and brush for
the vanity. A set of red towels that matched the furniture. A gold
chain with two brass keys.

"Pam, that's the key to the house and the key to the door to your room.
If I'm not here and you want to come here you have my permission to
enter anytime you want. If you want to lock this door for privacy, you
can."

Bess of course had a second key to Pam's room on her own key ring.

Pam cried, "That's wonderful Bess. You don't know how little privacy a
wife and mother gets. Half the time I can't even go to the bathroom
without somebody calling me or walking in on me. This is the best gift,
thank you."

"I trust you with my belongings Pam. Let's have a glass of wine before
we open the packages on the vanity."

"More things for me? Wow!" Pam stood up and hugged Bess. Bess poured
the wine and handed Pam a glass.

"Pam this is a special party so drink up. I'll let you go off your diet
for an hour or two," smiled Bess.

The women gulped down the sweet wine.

"We'll eat cake, after everything is open," said Bess, handing Pam a
small box from the vanity.

It was a bottle of red nail polish that matched the bright red of the
furniture. The next was a bottle of nail polish remover.

"That's not a color you would wear at home, so I though you would want
to be able to remove it," Bess observed sardonically.

"I hardly ever wear nail polish," answered Pam.

The next package was a matching red lipstick. Then some more makeup;
including blush, mascara, eyeliner, a small bottle of perfume,
moisturizing cream and hair mousse. Also a jar of cold cream, a bag of
cotton balls and a box of tissue.

"After you make yourself beautiful, I know you will need to clean up,"
said Bess as she refilled the wine glasses.

Bess reached over to the last big box on the vanity. She lifted it up.
It didn't have a bottom and small black plastic TV/VCR/Tape player was
revealed on the vanity.

Pam "Oohed and Ahhed," in surprise.

"I thought you would like to listen to some music or watch some TV.
Just think Pam, you can watch what you want and not have to fight Bill
or the girls for the remote control." Bess hit the music tape play
button and some soft jazz began to play.

"This is too expensive Bess. You shouldn't have done all of this."

"Actually I got this stuff at a discount store. Besides I wanted to do
this for you, you are always so good to me. Always helping me out and
doing what I want. You deserve it." Then Bess added, "you will never
make me regret being so good to you will you Pam?"

"Oh no, Bess."

"That's good Pam, that's very good. OK, let's light the candles on the
cake, then we can be naughty by going off our diets. Have another glass
of wine."

More wine was poured and the candles on the cake were lit.

Bess pulled out an instant camera from a drawer, "Pam, lets record the
moment. Take a picture of me blowing out the candles."

Pam backed up and snapped a picture of Bess' face blowing on the top of
the cake. Bess relit the two candles and said, "Let me get one of you."

Pam was so comfortable with her nudity that she never thought about it.
If she did she didn't say anything. Possibly she thought that only her
face would show in the picture along with the cake. However, Bess made
sure that she was far enough away so the picture would get Pam from mid-
thigh up. Pam was in profile, leaning slightly forward, blowing the
candles out. Her breasts were hanging slightly away from her body and
her ass was sticking out. Bess snapped the picture, Then hugged Pam and
holding the camera as far away from them as she could, she snapped
another picture of the nicely dressed Bess standing with her naked
neighbor, hugging and blowing out the candles.

More wine was drunk and pieces of cake eaten.

The two women began organizing the room. The negligee was hung in the
closet with the too small workout outfit. The towels put in a dresser
drawer. The make up and beauty aids were arranged in and on the vanity.
In the drawer below the small TV/VCR/tape player were some song
cassettes and several video tapes. Not surprisingly they were some of
Bess' ex-husband's X-rated tapes. Bess clicked off the music and popped
a tape in the machine. Moans and groans could be heard immediately. The
clean up of the room was finished and Pam sat on her bed and said, "My
own place to get away. This is wonderful. I don't know how to thank you
Bess."

"Well actually Pam there is one little thing you can do for me."

"What's that? I'll try if I can."

Bess stood above the sitting Pam. "Do you remember the other day when
you held me while I masturbated?"

Pam blushed and looked at the floor, "Yes, but I told you I can't do
that. I can't touch a woman that way. It's not right."

Bess cupped Pam's chin and lifter her head so that she was staring into
her eyes. "But you also said that you would hold me. You know I need to
be held. You are all I have Pam."

"I know Bess, I don't mind holding you, as a friend, but... "

"Pam you said that you would hold me while I had an orgasm, as long as
you didn't have to touch me. Right!"

"Yes, I guess, Bess."

"You guess?," Bess said with a tight voice. "I do all this for you and
now when I ask you to do something for me. Something that you already
promised to do, you won't. What kind of friend are you. How I misjudged
you Pam. You are supposed to do anything I say in this house."

"I'm sorry Bess. As long as I don't have to... you know... as long as I
only have to hold you."

Bess snarled, "You ungrateful bitch... I plan this beautiful party, buy
you presents."

The wonderful afternoon and feeling of friendship and tenderness
evaporated. Pam was so confused she wanted to do everything Bess
wanted, but she just couldn't, her morals told her it was wrong. Pam
began to weep silently, big tears rolling down her face.

"Please Bess, don't hate me. I love you... "

"I need to show you who is boss, that's what. You selfish little girl."
Bess grabbed Pam hard by the arm and pulled her off the bed. She pushed
Pam towards the couch and the older housewife, staggered in her high
heels, off balance. "Bend over the arm of the sofa. I told you I
wouldn't spank you up here, but I am going to because you just deserve
it."

Pam leaned over the arm without hesitation.

"Pam, tell me you deserve this, tell me you want it to make up for
being bad."

Bess began to slap Pam's exposed ass cheeks hard.

"I deserve this Bess."

SLAP SLAP "Again."

"I deserve this."

SLAP SLAP "Again."

"I deserve owwwww this."

SLAP SLAP "What else, Pam?"

"I want this..."

SLAP SLAP "What?"

"I want this..."

SLAP SLAP "Show me you want it and deserve it."

Pam moaned and lifted her ass, sticking it back towards Bess.

SLAP SLAP "You do want it, don't you?

"YESSSS," Pam hissed, "I'm a bad girl."

SLAP SLAP "Your pussy is getting wet isn't it?"

"GOD yes."

SLAP SLAP "Don't move Pam, I need to get out of these clothes before I
ruin them.

"OK, Hurry... I deserve this... I want this..."

Bess' dress and panties fluttered to the floor. She wasn't wearing a
bra. Her flat chest made it unnecessary.

SLAP SLAP "Ohhh... Owwww"

"Your ass is getting red you ungrateful baby."

SLAP SLAP "It's Ok... I deserve it... "

"Harder Pam... You want it harder."

SLAP SLAP "Yessss... punish me... harder."

Despite the pain Pam raised her ass even higher.

Bess could see her neighbor's pussy getting wet. She began to rain
slaps down at machine gun speed until her hand began to hurt.

Pam was alternately crying and moaning.

Bess finally stopped. "Now I KNOW how to treat you Pam. Stand up and
get over to the bed. You will do this for me. I won't make you touch my
pussy, but you WILL give me some relief.

Crying openly Pam staggered on the high heels to the bed.

"Here is my present Pam. The present YOU WILL help me with," Bess said
in a somber almost mean voice. She opened up a box that had been hidden
under the bed. From the box she pulled a heavy piece of black material.
It was a triangle with long straps attached to each corner. The
triangle was made of two matching pieces with a triangular piece of
plastic sewn in between like the meat in a sandwich. 1/2 inch of
threaded screw stuck out from the center of each side of the triangle
material, held firm by the heavy plastic center on which it was mounted.

Bess turned Pam roughly and tied two of the straps around Pam's waist.
The triangle hung down in front of Pam's pubic hair. Bess bent down and
grabbed the strap that hung from the bottom of the triangle she pulled
it up between Pam's legs and looped it under the waist straps. The new
strap slid between Pam's ass cheeks. She tied it off and sharply spun
Pam around so she was looking up into the still crying but bewildered
face of her neighbor. "Its like a thong Bathing suit Pam. Only a lot
stronger and stiffer.

"Sniffing back tears, Pam said. "It feels funny. I've never worn a
thong before."

"Well, you can buy yourself some thong panties then. I'm not going to
be nice to you and get you any... unless you help me."

"What do you want me to do?"

"Do! DO! Why you don't have to do anything Pam except lie on your bed,
close your eyes and hold me like you promised."

"That's all, you beat my ass black and blue for that?"

"You had already promised to do that Pam. I beat your beautiful ass
black and blue, because... I wanted to... and you wanted me to. I'll
bet that strap between your legs is soaked with your juice already."

Pam didn't have to look, she knew it was true.

"OK, my love. On your bed on your back and close your eyes."

"Are you sure... It isn't anything bad... "

"Just shut up and do it now Pam."

Pam slid across the slick satin on to the bed. The cool material
soothing her burning ass flesh. She laid with her arms at her side with
one last look at Bess she closed her eyes.

Bess pulled a nice six inch soft rubber dildo and a tube of KY jelly
from the box. Holding the objects she climbed onto the bed. Checking to
make sure Pam had her eyes closed she bent over the beautiful resting
form. The dildo had a matching heavy plastic plate at its base. In the
plate was a nut which matched the screw in the harness panties Pam
wore. Bess screwed in the dildo to the harness, then squired some
lubricant onto the fake cock that stood up from Pam's groin. Satisfied
with her work Bess swung one leg over Pam, grabbed the fake cock and
while holding herself open with her other hand sat down on her friend,
impaling herself. It wasn't difficult to slide the dildo into herself.
She had bought the smallest dildo on display. It was a seedy store she
had visited that morning. Bess was happy with her purchase. It had been
over two years since she had been with her husband. And who would
really enjoy those silly 10 and 12 inch monsters that were so
prominently displayed at the store. No, she wanted to enjoy this, not
be ripped apart. Some of the items in that "adult" store had actually
been ridiculous and stupid. Who were they trying to kid?

Pam had laid quietly on the bed. She felt the bed sag when Bess had
gotten on it. Then she felt a tugging and pulling on the outside of the
panties Bess had put on her. Finally she felt Bess sit on her,
straddling her hips. This wasn't so bad, but she wished Bess would let
her open her eyes. She could feel Bess sitting on her. The only other
stimulation was the sounds of sex coming from the video that was still
playing on her new little TV.

Pam felt Bess lean forward and lay her body on top of hers. Pam's
breasts were pressed flat by Bess and she felt Bess' head rest on her
shoulder. Bess whispered in Pam's ear, "Put your arms around me Pam.
Hug me like you promised."

Pam hugged her friend to her. Bess moaned softly. Pam felt a tugging on
the panties Bess had put on her. She could feel Bess slowly rocking her
hips. In just a few moments Bess shuddered in her arms and softly
said, "ooh, ooh, ohhhh." Bess' arms tightened on Pam then her entire
body relaxed. The naive Pam didn't understand what had happened. She
assumed that Bess had had an orgasm, but she didn't know why. She
remained still for a minute then said, "Bess you're heavy, can you slid
off? All your weight is on me."

Bess now recovered laughed and said, "I can't Pam. I'm stuck here until
I can get it out."

Bess looked down at Pam's face only inches from her own and giggling
said, "Thanks for the fuck lover. God I needed that, and it felt great."

Pam still didn't understand but the nastiness of Bess' words sent a
thrill through her.

Bess sat back up and said, "Look down here, Pam."

Pam was shocked when Bess lifted one leg and she saw what looked like a
penis sliding out of a wet and red vagina. She was more shocked when it
popped out of Bess and remained sticking up in the air now obviously
attached to her.

"Bess, what... Oh... OH... now I understand. What did you make me do?"

"What I wanted you to do. I told you I would figure out a way. Thanks.
I will want you to do it again sometime, but next time you can help a
little."

Pam scrambled off the bed. "Bess, I don't think I can. It's not... "

Both women began to laugh, the sight of Pam naked in her high heels
with a fake cock swinging between her legs was so surreal that they
both just burst out laughing.

With the tension broken Pam said, "I thought having boobs was a pain in
the neck sometimes, but I can't imagine having something like this in
the way all the time. Makes me feel sorry for men." The laughter
continued, until while swinging her hips in exaggerated circles to get
the dildo to bounce, Pam gasped, "Ouch, something poked me." She
quickly untied the harness and realized that the little screw on the
inside was poking her sensitive flesh. "What is that screw for?"

Bess said, "I guess it's reversible," suddenly she realized it was
actually made so two fake cocks could be attached She didn't say
anything, but decided that she would have to go back to the "adult
store" and get another dildo. That would be fun.

"Well Pam, I hate to get fucked and run, but this party is over. I am
going to give you some time to yourself in your room. You only have a
few minutes before you need to get the girls."

Bess picked up her clothes, the camera and the harness with dildo still
attached. "Enjoy some quiet time." And Bess left 'Pam's' room.




Acquisition 6/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Bess allowed Pam some time to herself in her 'own' room before she had
to leave to pick up her kids.

From Bess' standpoint it had been a wonderful day. Pam was really
becoming reliant on her. Pam would do 'almost' anything for her now.
Bess knew that if she manipulated Pam properly that the 'almost' could
be eliminated. She needed to be patient and soon Pam would be
her 'possession.' Bess also realized that having such a possession was
a lot of work and responsibility for her. But she was willing to take
that responsibility, because she knew that the rewards would be so
thrilling and satisfying.

The next day was a workout day and the end of the week. Following the
exercise session Bess took Pam's measurements. A few more pounds were
lost and the waist and hips also were reduced by half an inch each. The
was no change in the bust measurement.

During the workout Bess took every opportunity to touch and fondle Pam.
The overtly sexual caresses were not so much for her own benefit, but
more to keep Pam on a sexual edge. Make her aware of her physical self
and her sexuality. By all accounts Bess was successful, as Pam's
nipples stayed erect and on several occasions, when the exercise
required Pam to spread her legs, an odor and wetness were evident.

After the measurements were done Bess said, "I have another idea about
firming up your tits, Pam."

A look of pure terror flashed in Pam's eyes. She remembered the pain of
the previous tit torture Bess had inflicted on her in the name
of "firming her up."

Seeing the look, Bess laughed, "Don't worry pet. Not like the other
day. My idea will be uncomfortable, but it won't hurt. Let's go take
our shower and I'll show you."

Pam looked at the paddle sitting on the table. It hadn't been used
today.

Bess laughed again, "Not today, Pam. You are starting to enjoy that too
much. It is punishment, after all." Pam actually looked a little
disappointed.

The women took their shower with an easy familiarity. They washed and
dried each other's bodies intimately.

Once dry, Bess said, "Go get your shoes from your room and meet me
downstairs." Pam padded happily to her room. Bess got dressed and when
down the stairs. Pam was taking her time in her room. She really loves
that room, Bess thought. I think we should make it a really special
place for her. Once downstairs, Bess called up to Pam, "Get your ass
down here Pam, but be careful on the stairs, I don't want you falling
down." Bess heard Pam's door open and close. She looked up when she
heard the click of the high heels on the stairs. Pam very carefully
descended. She held herself erect for balance. Bess thought she looked
almost regal as she slowly came down the stairs. She looked like a
naked dream. Her body was really improving. Once again, Bess wished she
could be a man and really "have" her friend. Well she thought there
was 'have' and there was 'possess.'

In the living room the women faced each other. Bess dressed, and Pam
naked, the roles of the two women had become well defined. Bess
said, "The heels make you stand up straighter and keep your legs and
ass flexed. But to help your upper body we need to pull your breasts
up. That's what I was trying to do the other day." Pam flinched as she
remembered the pain. "So my new idea is to help you with your posture.
Pam, you tend to hunch your shoulders and hide your curves. Probably
because you have always been taught to be ashamed of yourself and
because of your poor self concept. But after the last three weeks you
know how wonderful a fit and attractive body can be. So we need to re-
train years of poor posture. It will help you firm up."

Bess held up a short web belt like that used to strap books
together. "Turn around, pull your shoulders back and stick your chest
out. Pam looked unsure but immediately complied with the order. Bess
grasped Pam's arms and pulled them behind her. Then she looped the belt
around Pam's arms above her elbows and pulled it tight. Pam's arms were
trapped behind her body. Her arms were held straight, hands resting on
her buttocks. Bess pulled the belt tighter forcing Pam's elbows to
touch behind her.

"Owwww," Pam cried out.

"Quiet, you baby! It doesn't hurt and your muscles will get used to
that position soon enough."

Bess placed her hand on the back of Pam's neck and steered her over to
a large mirror that hung above a table of knickknacks. "See what a
difference good posture makes? Lift your head up. Keep your neck
straight. I'm going to train you to keep your shoulders back and stand
straight. It's healthier and makes you look and feel better. Look in
the mirror, Pam."

Pam looked and saw her shoulders pulled back so far that their
roundness disappeared behind her. Her breasts were pulled up and out.
They did seem to sit higher. But with her shoulders pulled back to the
extreme they didn't stick out forward, but pointed slightly to each
side. The gap between the tits was extra wide. Bess stood behind her
and said, "Yes, I think that this will work." She reached around Pam
and cupped the older women's tits. She pushed them together so they
pointed forward. "Yes! good posture will firm you up." She release
Pam's tits and watched them bounce back to their cock-eyed position.
Let's leave the strap on for a while. Walk around the house in the
heels. It will help train your posture. Bess sat on the couch watching
her neighbor circle the room. After 15 minutes or so Bess released
Pam's arms and noticed that her neighbor did stand straighter.

"Time for you to go my pet. Tomorrow you can do a little cleaning for
me. Then spend most of your time enjoying 'your room'."

That evening Bill Henderson noticed that his wife seemed different. He
had been noticing some changes in her over the past several weeks. The
diet and exercising with their neighbor Bess really seemed to be
improving her attitude, energy level and look. He didn't think of his
wife much as a sexual person. They had their once a week uninspired
love making. He thought of Pam much the same way everyone else did, as
a mother and pre-school teacher. Of course Bill didn't think of himself
as much of a stud either. He was just an average guy. He was just
trying to get through life. He didn't understand passion. In fact, he
would probably be frightened to death if he was ever faced with a real
emotionally charged situation, much less relationship. That's why he
was so comfortable with Pam. That's what defined their life together.
They were an average comfortable couple. Sure they loved each other,
but it was a steady, what do we need to do today, kind of love. Their
relationship was not a passionate, "damn the torpedo's, full speed
ahead", love affair. He had just never seen Pam as a very lusty person
or himself for that matter. But on the other hand, maybe he should make
love to her tonight. That's the way he thought of it, as him making
love to her. That was TO her, not WITH her. Sex was never the two of
them making love together, much less as screwing each other for the fun
and thrill of it.

That night Bill did roll over onto his wife. He was more excited than
usual and assumed that Pam was as well. His penis slid with ease into
her warm and wetter than usual hole. He grunted above his wife for a
few minutes and unleashed his cum into her. Pam didn't have an orgasm.
She usually only 'finished' about 50% of the time. It had never
bothered her much in the past, but tonight with all of the stimulation
she had endured over the past few days, her body screamed out for
release. But being the dutiful wife, in her marriage bed, she snuggled
up to Bill and didn't say anything. Soon his snoring started, leaving
her frustrated and annoyed.

The next day it was after dinner before Pam could get back to Bess'
house. She was anxious to be with her friend and spend some time
in 'her' room.

After she stripped at the back door, Bess immediately had Pam put on
her heels and then clean up the kitchen from the meals that Bess had
eaten during the day. Following that chore Bess "cinched" Pam's arms
and made her walk around the living room flexing her ass and thrusting
her tits out. Much to Pam's delight Bess would smack her hard on the
ass, with her hand, when she walked near the couch where Bess was
sitting, watching a sex video and rubbing her pussy through her pants.

After about twenty minutes of what Bess began calling, "naked housewife
on parade", she said, "lets go up to your room Pam."

Once in the room Bess bluntly asked Pam if "Bill had screwed her last
night." Pam didn't answer, but blushed and looked at the floor.

"You can't hide anything from me Pam, I can tell he did, so say it!"

"Yes Bess, Bill made love to me last night."

"Did you have an orgasm Pam?"

Again no answer, but Pam's shoulders slumped in resignation.

"You are so transparent, Pam. Since you didn't cum, you shouldn't
really call it "making love." All Bill did was screw you. He fucked you
Pam and you didn't even get-off. That's not making love, that's just
Bill being a selfish asshole. Just the way my ex-husband used to do me."

Bess hugged Pam and continued now with a loving voice, "We have to take
care of each other Pam. I'm horny and since you at least had some sex
last night I want you to wear that harness again and hold me like you
did the other day. That's the least you could do for me."

Soon Pam was laying on her back on the black satin, the pliable rubber
cock jutting up from between her legs. Today Bess had Pam watch as she
lovingly rubbed lubricant over 'Pam's' cock. Then she stripped off her
clothes and told Pam to look at her as she held her own labia apart.
Then she slowly sat on Pam and impaled herself. Bess knew that Pam
couldn't tear her eyes away from her pussy as the cock slowly
disappeared.

Like the other day she leaned forward to be held by the housewife, as
she slowly rocked her pelvis.

"Ohh, that feels good Pam. I love it. I love you. Pam move your hips
some to help get me off."

Pam's mind raced. It was one thing to hold her friend and cuddle her,
but quite another to take an active role in... in... screwing her. That
was the only word she could think of.

Pam didn't move as Bess began to make larger movements with her hips.

"Come on Pam help me... Do it, I need it."

Still no reaction from Pam, so finally Bess grabbed Pam around the
shoulders and rolled her over on top of her. In this position Bess was
able to wrap her legs around Pam's waist. "Come on Pam move your hips."
Bess began kicking Pam's ass with her heels.

The shocked housewife in almost an automatic response thrust her hips
forward.

Feeling the rubber cock drive into her Bess, hissed, "Yesssssss, like
that!! Again Pam, again."

Pam's sex life had consisted of lying on her back while Bill thrust
into her. Neither Mr. or Mrs. Henderson had used any imagination in
their love making. Pam did rock slightly on top of Bess, when prompted
by the heels kicking her ass. But Pam really didn't know how to go
about doing what was being asked of her by her friend.

Bess finally reached a small and entirely unacceptable orgasm. She held
Pam for a few moments then harshly said, "I am not accepting this, Pam.
You will do better. And I don't want any crap from you. Get up off the
bed."

Pam stood up, forgetting that Bess was still connected to her. The
smack of the fake cock hitting her upper thigh reminded her when it
popped free from Bess' pussy.

"Pam take off that thong harness then 'assume the position' over the
arm of the couch. I'm going to punish you."

Pam eagerly complied. This was familiar territory for her. Unlike the
activity that had just taken place on the bed. And as much as she hated
to admit it to herself, she enjoyed Bess' spankings. After all she
deserved them, didn't she.

The harness and cock hit the floor. Pam draped herself over the satin
arm of the couch, looking back expectantly at her friend.

Bess looked around the room and spied the plastic hair brush on the
vanity. She grabbed it and approached Pam with a wicked smile on her
face.

Spanking seemed to make Pam hot, well Bess would give her a spanking,
then she would show her how to fuck.

Bess began to hit Pam's ass using hard short strokes. As she got a
rhythm she began to lengthen the swing. The popping sound echoed off
the bedrooms walls. Soon Pam's cries also could be heard. But Bess
didn't stop. Again and again the hair brush fell on the tender flesh.
It turned red. Bess could see Pam squirms and saw her tits ripple as
the impact traveled up the body. Pam was crying openly. A few dark
spots, where some bruising occurred, showed on the ass that quivered in
anticipation of more blows. And Bess could tell that Pam was turned on.
Her brown nipples were hard and her pussy was wet.

Bess dropped the brush and grabbing Pam by her shoulder length hair,
pulled her to the bed.

"On your back, bitch," growled Bess as she put the harness on herself
for the first time. She squirted some lubricant on the cock, then
kneeled on the bed. Bess roughly pushed Pam's shapely legs apart. The
movement caused sharp pain on Pam's bruised ass, so she lifted her hips
to relieve the pressure and ease the pain.

Bess took the lifting of Pam's hips as an invitation, "You really want
it don't you, you slut?"

"No... No... I was... it hurts... " But Pam felt a thrill. A new thrill
of humiliation by being called such a dirty name by her friend. It was
a terrible name... Not her... she was a wife and mother... But she kept
her pelvis lifted off the bed. Kept her legs spread... It wasn't just
the pain. It was something else. It was weeks of foreplay by Bess. She
was excited. Deep in her soul... in a place that was not even in her
consciousness... she wanted this...

Bess leaned forward rubbing the cock up and down the slit of her
friend... of her possession... then finding the opening, she nestled
the spongy rubber head into place. Finally she let the length slide
easily into Pam.

"Pam, I'm going to show you how to fuck. Feel this and remember. This
is what I'm going to want you to do later."

Bess took hold of Pam's hips and slowly began to withdraw the phallus.
After it was two thirds out she slowly ran it back into Pam's virginal
cunt. "I'll bet this is about the same as Bill, just the old in/out.
Let me show you how good this can really feel, Pam. LET GO and enjoy a
real fucking for a change."

"I shouldn't... I... No... Ohhh... ohh... yessss... I feel it...
yess... ohhh... "

Pam was lost too the sensation. All thoughts of Bill, the girls...
everything disappeared, as Bess added a circular motion to the slow
thrusting of her slim hips.

"So this was what it felt like to be a man," thought Bess. It wasn't
just sex, it was power... To have someone squirming under you while you
pounded into them. To dominate, the act of penetrating, of stabbing
into someone, that was what it was about. Bess enjoyed this feeling of
superiority. She would never let Pam go. She wanted to hold herself
above this woman forever. She would crush this beautiful flower with
her sexual power. The power of her strong body. And what was so ironic,
Pam wanted to be dominated. Bess could tell by the way the middle-aged
wife whimpered under her. "Too bad I don't have nerve endings in this
fake cock. I'd love to know what Pam's buttery wet cunt feels like,"
Bess thought.

****

Bess was relentless. She drove her groin into Pam's over and over. Then
she would withdraw the rubber cock halfway from Pam's clasping cunt and
rotate. Then back again to a hard thrusting motion. At first Pam laid
there fairly still, but the combination of the dildo thrusting into her
and the pain that still emanated from her bruised ass caused her to
begin tilting her pelvis in time to Bess' thrusts.

Bess leaned forward and hissed into Pam's ear, "Wrap your legs around
me."

And Pam did, responding immediately to Bess' order . It caused two
things to happen. First Pam immediately felt relief from her punished
ass as the most bruised parts came off the mattress. Then she felt the
rubber phallus stab into her deeper than before. Her stomach tightened
and felt an orgasm begin to spread from her groin.

"Ohh. I'm finishing Bess... Ohh."

Beth laughed, "That's only a little orgasm, Pam. Is that all you get
from Bill? I've only been doing you for a couple of minutes. You poor
thing. Is that all that your sorry ass husband has done for you? No,
love, that's not an orgasm, that is just prelude. I'll bet Bill
finishes his thing after only a few minutes. By now Bill is probably
breathing hard and can't keep going. Bess, I'm just starting... I can
do this all day."

Pam had to agree with her neighbor. She would never say anything bad
about her husband but Bess was right. After a couple a minutes Bill
would squirt his seed into her and then collapse, panting and sweating
from the two minute workout.

"Pam, relax, lock your legs behind my back. Play with your tits and
close your eyes, we have a long time before you find out what a real
fucking orgasm is."

Pam cupped her breasts with her hands and relaxed back onto the
mattress. The friction from the continuing stroking of Bess' fake
phallus into her cunt and the rubbing of Bess' groin on her clit
created a new sensation. Pam felt like she was floating up from the
bottom of a deep pit. And suddenly she realized that something
wonderful would happen when she finally made it to the top.

Bess continued to vary her motion. And Pam began to slowly build in a
way that she had never felt before. She ran her hands in delicate
circles over her own breasts. They were becoming hypersensitive. She
built and built, while Bess stroked and stroked. This went on for two
more minutes, then 5, then 8. Finally, after twelve minutes of
continuous stroking, Pam emerged from the dark pit into the light. Her
entire being was feeling nothing but the friction between her legs. Her
eyes were tightly closed but she could see flashes of light, her limbs
began to spasm uncontrollably and she had a mind numbing, intense, gut
wrenching orgasm. It was a feeling that she had never had, she could
hear her own screams of pleasure as her mind became clouded to
everything except that pleasure. Oh God, the pleasure was
indescribable. Oh God, she never knew she could have such feelings, so
much intensity.

Pam quivered and quaked. Bess finally stopped and held her neighbor.
Held her tightly, held her tenderly in a way she was sure that Pam's
oaf of a husband never had. She actually leaned forward and gently
kissed the tears from Pam's cheeks. She didn't rush to withdraw
her "cock". She left it nestled in Pam's silky folds, waiting until her
neighbor was completely relaxed. Waiting for Pam to finish basking in
the afterglow of the most intense sexual feelings of her life.

"Don't say anything, Pam. I know you enjoyed that. Remember, it's just
between us. No guilt. No blame. In fact you should be blaming Bill for
wasting so many years of your life."

Pam didn't say anything. She just turned her head into her pillow as
Bess gently slid the dildo from that wonderful snatch. Giving Pam one
last caress, Bess stood. Then, as she passed the vanity, as she quietly
slipped from the room, she hit the play button on the TV. Sounds of a
video taped orgy filled Pam's room. Closing the door behind her she
heard Pam's bed creak as the housewife rolled towards the TV. Despite
the guilt Pam felt, she wanted to see hard cocks and gaping pussies.
Bess smiled as she removed the harness in her own room. Pam was
changing.

The next few days continued the pattern. Workout day, then housework
day. On housework day Pam would be required to play "naked housewife on
parade" before she got to spend time in her room. Bess pulled the strap
on her arms tighter each time, and soon added a second strap to Pam's
arms. This strap near Pam's wrists gave Bess a place to easily hold so
she could pull Pam around the house.

One afternoon four days after the memorable dildo fuck Pam was resting
in her room enjoying the solitude. She knew that she would have to go
home in about 45 minutes to make her family dinner. Today she had
decided to put on the beautiful negligee that Bess had given her. She
lay on the black satin bed cover and listened to some soft jazz music.
Her eyes were closes and she was feeling very relaxed.

In her bedroom Bess was attaching another dildo on the second mounting
screw of the harness. Bess had gone back to the seedy adult store that
morning while Pam was at pre-school. She had bought a slightly larger
rubber penis. This was an inch or two longer than the six inch model
she had purchased earlier. It was also thicker. With a dildo attached
to each side of the vinyl harness Bess squatted slightly and after
putting some KY jelly on the smaller cock, slipped it into herself. "I
may as well get some enjoyment out of what I am about to do," she
thought. Bess tied the straps of the harness. Securing it. She looked
in the mirror. You couldn't tell that Bess had a phallus imbedded
inside of herself. The harness and larger dildo looked just like it
usually did. Bess didn't think that Pam would notice that a different
dildo jutted out from her groin, but Pam would feel the difference when
it was inside of her.

Bess wrapped a bathrobe around her slim naked body. She folded her
hands in front of her groin to hide the bulge under her robe. Then she
slowly walked down the hall to Pam's room. Walking was difficult with
the rubber tube in her belly. She would have to have Pam try this next
time she ordered "naked housewife on parade."

Bess opened the door to Pam's room without knocking. There she was,
white silk on black background. Dark nipples and dark triangle visible
through the diaphanous material. She looked virginal and vulnerable,
but also very erotic. How one woman could elicit such contrary images
was amazing to Bess.

Pam heard the door open. She looked up at Bess and smiled. Bess placed
a finger to her lips indicating that she didn't want any talking. She
smiled down on Pam. Bess opened her robe and let it drop to the floor.
Leaning against the door frame Bess slowly ran the fingers of one hand
up and down the length of the fake cock hanging between her legs. Pam
watched the movement... and then... and then... reached for the hem of
the negligee and pulled it up to her waist. As Bess walked towards the
bed, Pam opened her legs in invitation.

Pam walked home on rubbery legs almost an hour after Bess had entered
her room, but she felt a satisfaction that she had never known. She
hoped that Bill would make love to her tonight, and maybe he would last
for more than a few minutes.




Acquisition 7/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Another week of workouts ended and Pam's measurements continued to
improve slowly. Bess made no attempt to disguise her sexual stimulation
of Pam. Also, during workouts Bess would occasionally paddle Pam for
both of their enjoyment. Bess would constantly cup Pam's breasts, run
her hands across Pam's body and press herself against her. On the other
days Bess would bind Pam's arms after having her do chores. With the
housewife in heels and defenseless Bess kept up the stimulation. The X-
rated videos stayed on the TV for hours and Bess often pinched Pam's
nipples and fingered her labia. In a word, Bess kept her neighbor on a
sexual edge. An edge that would be honed later in Pam's room. Honed
when Bess would labor above the wife and mother as she fucked her for
upwards of an hour, nonstop. Nonstop except to squirt some more jelly
on the fake cock that would never get soft.

On the next Saturday, the one day that Pam usually spent with her
family and didn't go to Bess', something new occurred. The girls were
scheduled to go on a church outing and Bill had volunteered to go with
them. He observed that Pam spent more time with the girls because of
her part-time job. He thought it was only fair for him to give up his
morning. Besides, he wanted to go with them. He knew he had several
overnight business trips in the coming weeks, so he wanted to spend
some time with the girls now to make up for his upcoming absences. That
was one of the things that Pam loved about her husband. He was very
considerate and truly loved his children.

Bess, of course, knew about the arrangement. Nothing that went on in
the Henderson home was secret from her. All she had to do was ask Pam
and the most routine and mundane aspects of the Henderson's were
revealed. After all, she already controlled the family diet.

Bess had told Pam on Friday that she had another gift for Pam and to
come over early in the morning, because it was time to "go on the
road." No other explanation was given.

On Saturday morning Pam arrived early at the house where she had become
a willing puppet. As Pam stripped off her clothes at the back door,
Bess came down the stairs dressed in white nylon running shorts, loose
light blue tank top and running shoes.

She told Pam to go to her room and get dressed in the present that was
on the bed.

After a few minutes Pam came bouncing down the stairs in a jogging
outfit that matched Bess'. The same white nylon pants, loose light blue
tank top and white sports bra under the tank top.

"You are in good enough shape to go jogging with me Pam. I thought that
matching outfits would be fun. There are two differences though."

"Yes, I know. Bess there were not any panties in the box upstairs."

"That's right Pam, I'm not wearing a sports bra, because I don't need
one. You on the other hand could hurt yourself if you jogged without
one. So I thought it was only fair since I wasn't wearing a bra that
you should go without panties. It doesn't matter. In fact with these
big arm holes on the tank top I'm more exposed than you are. Not that
anyone would notice."

Bess stood behind Pam and pulled her shoulder length hair into a pony
tail and wrapped a cloth hair band to hold the hair back. "Lets go. I
usually do 3 miles. That is the distance over to the park on State
Street, around it and back. Since it's your first day we won't go that
far. We will go half way and then walk home. It's a beautiful day. This
will be fun."

Both women headed out the door laughing. This will be fun, thought Pam.
I've always envied Bess' jogging. The women made good time down the
sidewalks heading for the park. Pam was surprised that she was able to
keep up. She was getting in shape and her longer legs helped her keep
up with Bess' pace.

The sun warmed Pam's muscles and she felt good. After a few blocks Pam
felt a sheen of perspiration beginning to form. The exercise felt
wonderful so she actually jogged ahead of Bess. Bess fell in behind her
plaything, enjoying the results of her work. Pam's leg muscles looked
smooth and strong and the ass that moved in front of her looked fairly
firm with only a slight jiggle when Pam's feet hit the sidewalk. As
they continued towards the park Pam began to sweat freely and the thin
white nylon shorts she was wearing started to stick and become
transparent. The naive Pam wasn't aware of this and happily continued
pushing herself towards the Park. Bess smiled as the dark crack between
Pam's churning buttocks became more and more obvious. She wondered what
Pam looked like from the front with her brown pubic hair. She pulled
around Pam and sprinted to the edge of the park, easily outdistancing
the housewife.

Once under the shade trees of the park, Bess stopped and watched
her "possession" struggle to catch up. Bess smiled when Pam had to wait
on the street corner for a car to pass. At this distance Pam's dark
pubic triangle was evident, so the car full of teenage boys only a few
feet from the panting Pam must have had a great view. As the car roared
past it honked its horn. Pam looked puzzled, but once clear of the car
trotted across the street and joined Bess under the park trees.

"Bess, I thought joggers had the right-of-way. Why was that car honking
at me?"

Bess smiled, "teenagers Pam, you look good in your shorts, I'm
surprised you didn't get some wolf whistles."

Pam laughed, "I'm old enough to be their mother."

Bess simply replied, "Young boys love to look at a good looking pussy,
and yours is looking real good." Then she took off down the park
jogging trail.

Pam stood open mouthed for a second then looked down, "Oh my God." She
felt a stab of panic. She looked back up the street. There were several
cars on the road now. She looked back at Bess disappearing down the
jogging trail. It was deserted so she pulled the white fabric away from
her skin and headed after Bess. She called out, but Bess didn't stop.
Pam felt sobs heaving from her lungs, she was so humiliated. She
stopped calling out to Bess. She didn't want to attract any more
attention to herself.

Pam was lucky. The jogging trail was empty. She finally caught up to
Bess on the far side of the park. Bess was sitting on a park bench next
to some public restrooms. The bench faced a fenced in area where
several young men were doing exercises on chin up bars and some wooden
exercise apparatus. Bess was watching one young man intently. Pam sat
on the bench still crying in shame. At least when she sat down she
could cross her legs and hide herself effectively.

"Well this is the halfway point. We will walk back from here. You did
very well for your first day Pam."

"Bess, I can't walk back like this. I'm completely exposed. I'll just
sit here until my shorts dry."

Bess' eyes flashed angrily. "No you won't! We are going to walk through
the middle of the park and then down the street to my house."

Pam looked out into the park. There were several softball games going
on. There must have been 100 people in the direction Bess had
indicated. "Please Bess, I can't walk out there like this. Please,
anything else."

"Oh you crybaby, you know it's exciting. All those people seeing you.
You look good Pam, you know you want them to see your cunt."

"Please Bess... Please, anything else."

"OK, Pam, but be careful what you wish for," chided Bess. "You go into
the restroom and take off your sports bra. If you put it under your
shorts between your legs it will cover both your pussy and your ass
crack. I'm sure you didn't notice, but the back view is almost as good
as the front, love. The elastic in your waist band will hold it front
and back. It should stay in place since we will be walking."

Pam knew that she was trapped, but Bess was giving her a way out. Pam
felt her stomach tighten, how much had those teenage boys seen? God she
hopped she didn't know any of them or their parents.

"Go ahead Pam, I'm going to talk to that blonde young man exercising
over there. I think I know him. I'll wait for you."

Pam jumped up and sprinted into the bathroom. But not before a couple
of the exercisers got an eyeful of her pretty ass. The restroom door
swung shut behind her and she was finally hidden.

In the bathroom Pam tried to catch her breath. "Why had Bess let her
humiliate herself like that?" Pam asked herself. But she knew the
answer, simply because "Bess wanted her to." Why did Pam put herself
into this position? She was embarrassed to tears and frightened that
someone she knew might see her. But the answer was the same.
Because "Bess wanted her to." And Pam realized that she would do most
anything that Bess wanted her to. Bess had gotten into the darkest
recesses of Pam's psyche. And Pam knew that she couldn't break free.
More than that she didn't want to break free. But she was still
embarrassed and scared to death.

Pam pulled off her tank top and then her sports bra. The sweat on her
torso glistened under the lights of the bathroom. Pam looked at herself
in the mirror. She saw a woman she hardly recognized, stripped to the
waist wearing white shorts that clearly displayed her womanly charms.
Pam noticed that her pony tail was coming loose. So she began to fix
it. Her hands were behind her head, and her breasts trust forward. She
admired the reflection of her own tits in the mirror... Then she caught
herself... She was fixing her hair... her "God Damn" hair, while she
stood virtually naked in a public restroom. Pam couldn't believe
herself, and she stopped playing with her hair and quickly pulled the
tank top back on. Then she went to a stall and shut the cubicle door
for more privacy. God, what if someone had walked in while she had been
fiddling with her hair? Why had she not even thought about it?

In the stall Pam pushed her nylon shorts to her knees then with some
toilet paper dried her ass, hips and groin. She tried to dry the shorts
by rubbing toilet paper on them, but they were soaked in sweat and her
efforts had little effect. Following Bess' suggestion she placed the
sports bra between her legs positioned so that one wide cup area
covered her pubic hair and the other cup covered at least the lower
part of her ass crack. The shoulder straps were long enough so that
when she pulled her shorts back up the elastic waist band held them up.
This kept the bra in place between her legs. Pam felt like she was
wearing a sanitary napkin. As she walked out she checked herself in the
mirror. Her flesh tone was visible through the shorts on her hips and
her ass cheeks, but her private parts were hidden. It didn't look too
bad.

Pam exited the restroom feeling more confident. She saw Bess talking
with a young man standing next to the chin-up bars. Bess waved her over.

The young man was only about Pam's height but he obviously was a body
builder. He was sweating and his muscular legs and arms bulged from the
work out. Pam had never stood so close to such a powerful looking man
before and she couldn't help but be impressed. She had never been
attracted to the muscle bound type, but this young man was gorgeous. He
had silky blonde hair that curled at the base of his neck and his face
was almost beautiful. Bess said, "Pam I want you to meet Scotty. He
used to work out at the same gym I did."

The image of the man was broken when he said in a soft almost feminine
voice, "Nice to meet you Pam." Pam replied that it was nice to meet him
and asked if he exercised in the park often. Scotty got a sad look on
his face and said, "No, this is my first time. I'm trying to get into
shape for a body building competition, but I just had a fight with
my... my... roommate and he threw me out. He still has all of my
weights and training equipment."

Pam found it hard to believe that anyone could "throw this powerful
looking young man out of anywhere." But she simply said, "Oh, that's to
bad." She gave Scotty a genuine concerned look. Scotty, seeing it,
beamed a smile back at her that revealed perfect white teeth under his
full lips.

Bess saw the connection between the 37 year old housewife and the 23
year old gay bodybuilder and laughed, "Pam. you old horny girl. Scotty
is just a young man and besides he is not interested in women." Bess
had misread the connection. It was not a sexual look, but a look of two
people who didn't command their own destiny, and at a subconscious
level each saw a reflection of themselves in the other.

Pam looked at Bess, then Scotty. Bess said, "Yes Pam he is gay, a
number of body builders are."

Scotty didn't look Pam in the eyes, but added, "I've always been gay."
Then he added with a note of sadness that tugged at Pam's soft
nature, "I got tired of being beat up by bullies and gay bashers.
That's why I got into body building. I wanted to be intimidating enough
so that I would be left alone."

"Well you certainly succeeded, you look great Scotty," added Bess. "Hey
I have an idea! I have lots of equipment in my basement. Why don't you
work out with us. I need a spotter for heavier weights. Pam just isn't
strong enough yet. It would help me and I can help you get ready for
the competition." Scotty's eyes lit up. But Pam immediately
said, "Bess, I don't know... you know we... " Pam saw a crushed look
spread across the young man's face. He certainly wears his feelings on
his sleeve, Pam thought.

Bess said, "Oh Pam, it will be all right," then with a wink, "He is
gay." Bess added in a harsh tone, "It's decided! Scotty, we will see
you tomorrow evening. Now, let's see you do another set of chin-ups!"

Scotty smiled at the two women and jumped up and grabbed the bar. He
was performing for them and easily began raising and lowering his body
in a smooth fluid motion. His biceps bulging under his tanned flawless
skin.

After 15 chin-ups Scotty dropped softly to the ground with the grace of
a ballerina. Bess smiled and jumped up and quickly did 7 chin-ups. She
was strong but she didn't have Scotty's grace or smoothness. Bess
dropped with a thud and turned to Pam, "see how many you can do."

"Bess, I'm not sure I can. I could never do these back in high school."

"Pam, that was twenty years ago. You will be surprised at how much
stronger you are because of working out. I WANT you to try it."

Pam heard the tone and looked nervously at the bar. She stood looking
up for a moment, then Scotty trying to help his new friend said
softly, "you can do it Pam, I'll help you."

Pam felt that connection with Scotty and smiled a maternal smile at him
and said, "Thanks. Ok, here goes."

Pam jumped up and grabbed the bar. She was surprised and pleased that
she was able to pull her chin up and over the bar.

"Try another, Pam," ordered Bess. This one was much harder for Pam and
she began flailing her legs to try and get momentum. Of course the
loosely hanging tank top shifted as her legs kicked. With her arms
stretched above her, her breasts were pulled up. Pam's left tit fell
out of the gaping arm hole. Straining hard, Pam didn't realize that she
was exposed. Several of the men exercising in the area had stopped what
they were doing to watch the shapely woman try to do chin-ups. When the
fleshy C-cup breast popped out of the arm hole and hung there exposed,
they started whooping and hollering. Pam's kicks caused the exposed
boob to bounce and shake. Scotty, seeing what was happening, felt bad
for his new friend and quickly reached up, grasped Pam's waist and
lifted her up so her chin cleared the bar. Then he gently lowered her
to the ground as if she were a feather. Pam spun to look at him. Scotty
gave her a sad look then pulled her top away from her body and pushed
her breast back behind the material. That motion was accompanied by
groans from the onlookers. Pam finally realized what had happened. She
also realized that a man other than her husband had touched her bare
breast. But the touch had not really been sexual, it was more of a
comforting concerned movement on Scotty's part. Pam was humiliated
again and blushed a deep red. She crossed her arms across her chest as
if she could now hide what had just happened. Pam quietly said, "Thank
you, Scotty." The young man looked away embarrassed. Then he gave a
hard look at the other men who were exercising. Gay or not, they were
intimidated by Scotty's size and strength, and they went back to their
workouts without another sound.

"Well, that was fun. Let's go, Pam. See you tomorrow Scotty."

As they walked across the Park towards Bess' house, Pam kept her arms
folded to prevent another accident. Bess simply said, "What a waste of
a beautiful male body. I'll bet he plays the part of the girl with
his 'roommate'." Once out of the park Bess said, "I liked you exposing
yourself in the park Pam. Wasn't it thrilling? If I had a body like
yours, I'd show it off."

"No! It was humiliating, Bess," but the bumps formed in the tank top by
her hard nipples told another story.

"Too bad, Pam. I liked it!"

Pam was frightened of what tomorrow's work-out would bring, but she
really felt a connection to the nice young man. She had a feeling that
they would become friends. And besides, Bess was now telling her how
proud she was of Pam's ability to jog. Bess always knew when to praise
her neighbor and set the hook a little deeper.

****

Pam spent Saturday afternoon and evening with her family. She and the
girls watched a Disney video that night, while Bill read an action-
adventure book in his recliner. They cooked popcorn and had a great
family time. Sunday morning they went to church and spent the afternoon
studying and doing house chores. The girls did their homework and Pam
prepared her weeks pre-school lessons. She had started doing her entire
school planning on the weekend because the amount of time spent with
Bess during the week prevented her from doing much, other than the
basic Mommy chores. It was a great weekend. After dinner Sunday night,
with Bill reading in his chair and the girls playing a video game, Pam
announced she was going for a workout with her neighbor and would be
back in a couple of hours.

She walked with trepidation across the backyards. Once in the house she
called to Bess before removing her clothes. Bess was in the kitchen.
She came out and looked at Pam, and seeing a tension in her eyes she
said, "No, he is not here. I guess he isn't coming. Come on, let's go
work out."

Pam was relieved. With confidence born of routine she quickly stripped
off her clothes and followed Bess to the basement. Bess disrobed and
Pam hung up the clothes carefully. They started their exercises and
were soon working hard.

Suddenly from the top of the basement stairs, the two women heard a
voice. "Hello, is there anybody down here?"

Both Bess and Pam looked at each other. Bess saw the terror in Pam's
eyes. While she wasn't real excited about being seen naked herself with
her skinny body, she knew that she would remain naked and invite Scotty
down. She wanted to further humiliate and denigrate Pam. A little
embarrassment on her part was a small price to pay for the shame Pam
would feel. And making Pam remain naked in front of the young man would
further illustrate the control that she had. This would go against
Pam's basic instincts. This was a hurdle that once cleared by Pam would
lead to further moral dilemmas that Bess would control.

Bess smiled into Pam's pleading eyes and called out, "Come on down
Scotty, we have already started."

The graceful Scotty seemed to glide down the stairs. Pam covered her
chest with one arm and her pubic area with the hand of the other. She
resembled "Venus Rising."

Scotty hardly noticed the naked women and remarked about what a great
set-up Bess had for working out.

"Well, Damn," said Bess placing her hands on her slim hips. "Don't even
worry about it Pam."

Scotty looked over at the housewife trying to cover her body and
said, "Oh, I'm sorry." He blushed a little and said, "I'm sorry if I
embarrassed you, Pam. My roommate and I used to work out naked all the
time. I didn't think anything of it. Do you want me to leave?"

Bess responded, "No, Scotty make yourself at home. In fact, if you
would be more comfortable, why don't you strip down? That way nobody
needs to be embarrassed."

Pam shot Bess another pleading look.

Bess returned the look with an order, "Pam, hang up his clothes."

Pam stood covering herself while Scotty pulled off his shirt. His
hairless chest came into view. His washboard stomach muscles rippled as
he sat on a bench and pulled off his sneakers. He looked at Pam with an
apology in his eyes. When he stood and pushed his shorts and briefs to
the floor, Bess' breath quickened. She drank in the sight of the young
man's beautiful body. He was hairless except some blond curls around
the base of his flaccid cock. He was shaved in the manner of
competition body builders who only wore a small bathing suit when they
posed before the judges. He bent down and picked up his clothes and
held them out to Pam. Both Bess and Pam gasped softly when he turned
and fading red welts could be seen crisscrossing his muscular and tight
buttocks.

Scotty turned back to Pam and held out his clothes. Their eyes met and
they both now understood why they had forged such a quick bond between
them. Pam let her arms fall to her sides and reached for Scotty's
clothes. She knew it would be all right. She stepped up next to the
only man other than her husband she had seen naked and gently took his
clothes out of his hands. Then she walked away and hung them next to
Bess'.

"Scotty, I can see that you get no reaction from seeing Pam or I naked.
Is that because we are 15 years older than you or because you like men?"

Scotty replied, "You both are beautiful in your own way. But alas, just
think of me as one of the girls."

"Oh Pam," Bess laughed, "He is a charmer, isn't he?"

They all laughed and the tension in the room was dissipated.

Pam continued to secretly glance at Scotty's body. It was beautiful.
Such a difference from Bill. While her husband wasn't fat, he couldn't
compare to the Adonis that began walking around the room inspecting the
workout equipment.

"Bess, thanks for inviting me. Being able to use this equipment will
really help me stay in shape until I get my own equipment back from
Jake."

"Who is Jake?" asked Pam.

Bess rolled her eyes at her naive neighbor but Scotty, always the
gentleman, even when standing naked with two women, responded
gently, "He was my boyfriend. He threw me out and kept my stuff. I'm
renting a room at the YMCA right now. That's all I can afford. I work
as a waiter at a restaurant. I rode my bike over here tonight. That's
when I saw your note on the door telling me to come on in."

Pam looked at Bess, now understanding the set up, but the dominant
woman ignored the look. Scotty noticed it however, he knew those looks.
They were the same that had often passed between Jake and him.

"Oh Scotty, I'm so sorry," a genuinely upset Pam responded.

"Its Ok. He will want me back in a few days. He will miss me," said
Scotty.

"Why would you go back?" asked Pam, looking at the welts on Scotty's
perfect ass.

Scotty looked at her with a knowing grin, "For the same reason as you,
Pam."

Pam blushed.

"Well 'girls,' enough of this, lets get to work," stated Bess.

Scotty went to his clothes and pulled a piece of paper from his pocket
and unfolded it. He looked around the room then went to where Pam's
progress chart was hung and attached it to the wall. "This is my
workout routine."

Bess began an exercise and Pam, looking again at the pale soft cock and
balls that hung between Scotty's sculpted thighs, sat on a weight bench
and began lifting a dumbbell in one hand.

Scotty moved to a weight bar and added several weights and began
pumping it over his head. The workout began in earnest. Bess took every
opportunity between exercises to touch and caress Pam. She ran her
hands with practiced familiarity over the housewife's body. If Scotty
happened to be looking in their direction she would cup Pam's breasts
or squeeze her ass.

Pam was embarrassed but didn't say anything. What had been very
personal for Pam was now being shared with someone else. Only the fact
that it was this nice young man made it bearable for Pam.

Several times Bess asked Scotty to spot extra heavy weights for her.
Scotty was happy to comply. Pam was surprised that she felt a little
jealous of the attention that Scotty paid Bess. But they were both
experienced weight lifters and had a lot in common. Pam could tell that
Scotty appreciated Bess' excellent condition. Those feelings made Pam
work extra hard on her routine.

At the end of Pam's and Bess' workout Bess asked Scotty to inspect Pam
to see if there were some additional exercises she could do.

With a clinical eye Scotty ran his hands over Pam's arms, back and
legs. He was careful to avoid her erogenous zones. But the strong hands
of the naked young man caused Pam's insides to flutter. Scotty made
several suggestions to Bess, then returned to his own routine which
would continue for awhile.

Bess said, "Lets get our shower Pam, but first...'

Pam saw Bess glance at the paddle, "Please no, Pam, not with Scotty
here... please."

Bess said, "You saw Scotty's ass. He understands. Don't you Scotty?"

Scotty looked up from his exercise and saw Bess pick up the Ping-Pong
paddle. He looked at Pam and his heart went out to her, but he was also
thrilled for her. After all, he enjoyed the paddle. "It's OK Pam, It's
OK... I understand, don't be embarrassed."

Scotty's words comforted Pam and when Bess said, "Assume the position,"
she did. The bench was directly in front of Scotty.

Pam bent over the bench in humiliation. Her punishment would be
witnessed for the first time.

Bess said, "Watch this, Scotty." For the first time that evening,
Scotty felt his youthful cock stir.

Bess enjoyed having an audience and really smacked Pam hard repeatedly.
The ass in front of Scotty was soon bright red, and Pam wailed in pain.
But both Bess and Scotty could smell the odor of Pam's sexual
excitement. Bess finally dropped the paddle and pulled Pam into her
arms.

"Well, what do you think, Scotty?" Bess asked, looking towards the
young man, while she tenderly held Pam. She was shocked to see him
stroking his rock hard cock with one hand while his other hand fondled
his balls. Bess turned Pam's face toward Scotty, and the housewife saw
Scotty's hand moving in a blur, followed by an arc of jism that flew
several feet through the air and landed on her foot. The sperm felt
like hot wax to Pam as it ran down her instep onto the floor.

Scotty hung his head and repeated, "I'm sorry, so sorry."

"Don't worry Scotty, I liked it, " responded Bess. "Pam give the poor
boy a hug."

The sight of Scotty's erect cock and orgasm had shocked Pam and her
crying had immediately stopped. Without embarrassment, with a maternal
instinct, Pam stepped over to Scotty and cradled his head between her
breasts. He continued apologizing. But Pam just said, "Shhhh, Shhhh...
It's OK," and gently ran her fingers through his hair. Despite the
tenderness of the moment, Scotty's still semi-hard cock pressed against
Pam's calf and she could feel some fluid dribble onto her leg. She felt
her vagina give an involuntary twitch.

"Let's go shower, Pam. We have more than sweat to wash off of you
tonight. Scotty, finish your routine and be sure to clean up that mess.
There are some paper towels in the kitchen. I'll see you later after
Pam goes home."

Scotty looked up, "You mean Pam doesn't live with you?"

"God No! She has to go home to her husband and kids."

Holding Pam around the waist Bess led her up the stairs.




Acquisition 8/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


As Bess rubbed soothing lotion onto Pam's very red ass after their
shower, she asked, "You really were embarrassed at being naked in front
of that young man, weren't you?"

"Yes Bess," Pam whispered. "It was so humiliating. He could see
everything, Bess."

"I like keeping you naked Pam and if other people see you, well... I
liked seeing him naked, too. God, he does have a beautiful body though,
doesn't he Pam? Did you see that time he was helping me with the weight
bar when I was doing bench presses. He was standing at my head. That
nice young cock of his was only inches from my face." She laughed, "I
could have lifted my head and given him a lick."

Pam made a face and thought to herself, "Yuck, licking a penis."

Bess was droning on, "Not that licking it would have done any good."
Then more serious, "I saw you checking him out too, Pam."

Pam blushed and admitted out loud that she had enjoyed looking at
Scotty. Then she added, "He liked working out with you Bess."

That comment made Bess swell with pride, then she thought about
it. "Pam, are you jealous?"

"Bess, I don't want to lose you. He is a real body builder. What if you
don't want to workout with me anymore? I couldn't stand not having my
time here with you."

Bess hugged Pam to her, "You never have to worry about that. I'll never
let you go. You know how to keep me happy. Don't worry about Scotty, he
is just a nice kid." Then she tickled Pam 's ribs and laughed, "But one
that is fun to look at."

Pam dreamily answered like a school girl, "Yes, he is."

The next day, during the time Pam spent at Bess', she did chores. As
she cleaned the house she couldn't help but notice wadded up paper
towels in the bottom of the waste basket in the basement. The thought
of Scotty's ejaculating cock made her wet as she walked up the stairs
in her high heels, ass swaying, after picking up the basement. "Stop
it, Pam," she thought to herself, "He is just a kid and you are happily
married... Well, married, anyway."

Unfortunately Bess was busy with some bank business that afternoon, so
Pam wasn't visited in her room by what the women had begun calling "Mr.
Friendly the dildo." Pam relaxed by herself in her 'secret room,'
enjoyed the solitude and watched a few minutes of an X-rated video. She
seemed drawn to the tapes, and couldn't help but watch for a while.

At home that night, Pam hoped that Bill would show some interest in
her. She seemed to be thinking of sex all the time these days.

The next afternoon, after transporting the kids home from school, Pam
headed back to Bess'. She had a couple of hours for their workout,
before she needed to fix dinner. At the back door Pam could hear some
activity in the basement. She slipped off her shoes and went to the top
of the basement steps. Bess and Scotty were already well into their
routines. Pam watched for a moment, enthralled by the movement of
muscles under the young man's skin. She also couldn't help but look at
his genitals that swung gently below his rippled torso.

Bess finished an exercise and, looking up, spotted Pam's feet at the
top of the stairs. "Pam, is that you? Get your ass down here."

Pam knew she was in trouble. She had been too embarrassed to remove her
clothes without seeing who was in the basement. Now she was trapped.

Pam took a tentative step. "Move your fat ass, now!" demanded Bess.

Pam hurried down the stairs, and looked sheepishly at the floor.

"Pam, Pam, Pam, you're being a naughty girl. What are you supposed to
do at the back door?"

Pam, humiliated that Scotty was hearing this, whispered, "Take my
clothes off."

"Speak up! And tell US what the hell are you doing down here in your
dress?"

"I'm sorry Bess, please... I didn't... with someone else here... I..."

Bess stepped forward and grabbed the collar of Pam's dress and ripped
it open. Some of the buttons popped off and others slipped through the
buttonholes. It opened to Pam's waist, exposing the white cotton bra
she had worn to school.

"Pam, you know the rules and while you might be embarrassed, think of
how Scotty feels. He is standing there all exposed and YOU, a middle-
aged housewife, are dressed. He is probably mortified. How
inconsiderate of you. Not to mention breaking my house rules. Take your
clothes off and 'assume the position'."

Pam, tearing up, softly said, "I'm sorry," and removed her clothes.
Once naked Pam walked past an uncomfortable looking Scotty. He looked
away not meeting her eyes, not because he was upset or embarrassed
himself, but because he was embarrassed and sorry for Pam.

Pam bent over the bench and Bess approached with the paddle.

"I'll only give you a few swats Pam. I don't want your bruised ass to
interfere with a good workout. I want you to keep making progress on
your goals." Bess turned to Scotty, "Listen, I know that this will
excite you, but don't jack off, I don't want another mess on the floor."

Scotty who couldn't takes his eyes off the paddle said, "Yes, Ma'am,"
with a feminine inflection in his voice.

The paddle fell on Pam's luscious ass. With every smack, Bess stole
glances out of the corner of her eye at Scotty. Each time the paddle
hit the exposed housewife, Bess could see his cock jump. Each swat made
it a little harder.

Bess stopped after only a mild paddling. "Pam, sit up, I want you to
see something," Bess ordered. Pam sat on the bench and Bess waved
Scotty over. He had a nice six inch cock, that like the rest of his
body seemed somehow "pretty". It bobbed up and down as he took the few
steps to the bench.

"Pam have you ever seen a man's cock other than your husband's in real
life? I know you have seen them on the X-rated tapes. But have you seen
any cocks 'in the flesh', so to speak?"

"No," whispered Pam.

"Well take a good look, love. A hard cock is one of the most beautiful
things in the world, especially in the eyes of horny old women like you
and me."

Pam was mesmerized by the male organ and testicles that were only a
couple of feet from her face. Bess reached down and touched Scotty's
cock. He jumped back and his cock immediately deflated.

"Oh, well," sighed Bess, "It was nice while it lasted."

Bess turned to Pam, who was too embarrassed to look at either of them
in the eyes, and said mockingly, "Pam, I'll bet his friend Jake can
keep Scotty hard."

Neither Pam nor Scotty said anything, but after the embarrassment had
worn off they gave each other brief smiles as they went about their
workouts. Bess was bold in her manipulation of Pam. She touched and
caressed Pam's body at every opportunity, but she also made a point to
run her hands across Scotty's chest and ass as well. "God this is
great," Bess thought, "I love being able to play with these two."

After the workout Bess decided to see how submissive the young man
really was. She had seen the bond forming between Scotty and Pam. And
from his reaction to Pam's paddling and the welts on his ass, she knew
that he understood about being punished.

"Scotty, I'm going to warm Pam's ass a little more now that the workout
is over. I was thinking that you might like to join her on the bench."

A look of fear crossed his face. "Ma'am..."

Pam chimed in, "Bess, you can't do..."

Bess cut her off saying, "Quiet Pam, you have already disappointed me
tonight."

Bess turned to Scotty, "Come on Scotty, You need to do this... "

"But Jake never lets... unless he is... I can't explain, but I will get
in trouble."

Bess had a sudden revelation. Of course others must play this game. She
had been so wrapped up in taking possession of her neighbor that she
hadn't even thought that other people must have the same kind of
relationship that she had with Pam. There would be others like Pam who
could be manipulated into doing what other people wanted. Of course
there must be other people like her who enjoyed pulling the strings of
weak willed people. People who had a need to be controlled.

Bess tried a new tact. The thought of paddling this powerful young man
gave her a thrill. She would make it happen!

"Scotty, you told us Jake threw you out. If he threw you out he won't
mind, he doesn't care now. Come on, I'm letting you work out on my
equipment. Jake won't let you do that. Don't you think you owe me
something for the favor."

The young man looked uncertain, "You won't tell anybody?"

"Of course not, this is just between the three of us." Bess took hold
of Scotty's arm and pulled him towards the bench with authority.

Scotty shrugged his muscular shoulders and allowed the small woman to
lead him.

"Pam, assume the position. Scotty, get down next to her."

Pam complied but was unsure about this new twist. She felt that she was
losing something special with Bess. At the same time, she felt
protective of the young man whom she really liked. It was strange,
sometimes she felt like his mother, other times his sister, yet she
enjoyed looking at his naked body and felt an unconscious thrill when
she caught a glimpse of his beautiful cock and balls. There was some
connection but it wasn't like she wanted him as a lover. It was
different.

She felt Scotty settle on the bench next to her. Their shoulders and
hips were touching.

Bess looked down at the naked man and woman. Two naked asses were
displayed before her like an erotic sacrifice. "God this is exciting,"
she thought. She reveled in the power she felt. For the first time in
her life she understood her desire to control others. Until now
everyone in her life had run away from her domineering personality, But
now, finally, she had found an outlet for her need.

She raised the paddle and struck Pam's heart shaped ass. Then she hit
the muscular buttock of the young man. It felt different, much firmer
than the soft flesh of Pam's ass. But it felt good. Pam was struck
again and Bess enjoyed the difference, that felt good as well. Bess
excitedly paddled back and forth between them. Scotty turned his head
and looked at Pam. He could see tears running down her face. She cried,
but he could also feel her shift her hips rising to meet each of Bess'
blows. The paddle didn't hurt Scotty much. Jake had used wooden
switches on him and hit a lot harder. But the excitement of being
paddled by someone new did make him feel that thrill of submission.
Even if it was a woman. He could feel his cock harden. The bench was on
his abdomen and his cock stretched towards the floor.

Bess enjoyed looking at the hardening cock and the pussy that was as
wet as she had ever seen it.

Scotty reached out took Pam's hand in his, as a comforting gesture. Pam
turned and looked at the face that was only a few inches away. Through
her tears she could see him smile at her. Then he bit his lip as Bess
hit him with an extra vicious smack.

"Isn't that sweet. Holding hands to get through your punishment
together," Bess mocked. Bess hit them each another time then
said, "Don't move, either of you." She bent down next to Scotty's ear
and whispered to him. Pam couldn't make out what she said, but Scotty
said, "Yes, Ma'am." She whispered again and her replied, "I think it
will, Ma'am." A few more whispers then another, "Yes, Ma'am."

Scotty looked away from Pam but continued to hold her hand tenderly in
his. Bess stood and resumed hitting the pair. Pam felt like her ass was
on fire. But the pain was intermingled with pleasure and she knew her
nipples were hard and her vagina soupy. Surprisingly, her jealousy of
Scotty had changed. She was now comforted by his presence and it seemed
more exciting to be sharing the experience of punishment with him. The
fact that he was male and so much younger also had an erotic effect on
her.

As Pam winced from another blow, Scotty slowly moved their hands back
under the bench. At first Pam thought he was shifting to avoid the
paddle, but then his large powerful hand cupped her delicate hand
around something hot and velvety. Pam jumped when she realized what she
was holding, then she jumped again when the paddle hit her burning ass.

Scotty squeezed her hand around his hard cock and began gently moving
her hand up and down its length with his hand. They both looked up and
their eyes locked. She could see pleading in his eyes. He could see
excitement tinged with sympathy in hers. He continued to move her hand
up and down. Pam couldn't believe what was happening. She was holding a
man's hard penis in her hand and it wasn't Bill's. She was masturbating
him. Something that she never did with her husband.

Scotty pleaded with his eyes, then said softly to Pam, "I'm staying
hard because of the paddle." Then he pleaded with her... "Please Pam...
Please... "

Pam's heart broke for the young man. His hand moved her hand the length
of his cock several more times. Then he slowly withdrew his fingers
from hers. "Please... ," he whispered.

Pam held his cock gently, smiled at him, and as the paddle hit her ass
once again, began to stroke him. She was doing it.

Without her pussy being touched she felt a small orgasm flash through
her body. She grabbed his cock harder and began to stroke faster. Bess
was now concentrating her blows on Scotty's ass. She didn't want him to
go soft. So Pam was hit only once for every three or four blows
suffered by the young man.

Scotty began to moan softly and Pam could feel his cock expanding in
her hand. She had never felt anything like it in her life. It was
amazing. Scotty's body stiffened and Pam could feel something rush down
the underside of his cock. It flashed under her fingers for a second
and disappeared. Then she felt another soft bump travel the length of
his flesh tube. She suddenly realized what it was. For the first time
she hung her head down and looked under the bench. What she saw was
thrilling. Her dainty 37 year old hand wrapped around this man's cock.
Its color had changed from a pale white to an angry red. She felt
another knot rush past her fingers and stared wide eyed as a pearly
white stream of hot liquid pulsed out of the cock. The jism hit the
floor and mingled with the two small puddles already there. She pumped
her hand again and a final, smaller pulse jumped from base to tip. It
dribbled from the little hole on the penis head and dripped to the
floor.

Bess had stopped paddling and had squatted down looking between
Scotty's muscular legs.

Nobody made a sound for a few seconds, then Bess said "Whew," followed
by a, "Wow."

Scotty and Pam's eyes met again and they each smiled tenderly. Scotty
leaned forward and kissed Pam on the cheek, like a child would kiss his
mother. Pam broke into a wide grin, she withdrew her hand from under
the bench and tousled his hair. The she said, "Ouch, my ass hurts."

Bess said, "God that was great. Lets go get a shower, my pets."

This afternoon three naked bodied climbed the stairs to Bess' room. The
three laughed and joked like old pals. In the shower they hugged and
washed each other. Pam was shy about touching Scotty, but Bess jumped
right in and eagerly soaped his ass, cock and testicles. Bess was
careful to give plenty of attention to Pam's body as well. Bess took
control of the washing and drying. Even with all the attention Scotty
cock did not harden again.

Bess ordered both Scotty and Pam on the bed. As they lay side-by-side
she rubbed soothing lotion onto four bright red buttocks.

Bess knew that she must exert control. She got Scotty to admit that
this was the first time a women had ever touched him and that without
the paddle he wouldn't have stayed hard. Bess got dressed but ordered
both Pam and Scotty to clean up the basement while still naked of
course. Pam retrieved her clothes and with a borrowed needle and thread
re-attached the buttons. She would have to go home soon.

As she was pulling on her dress at the back door, Bess told Pam that
they were going to have dinner on Friday night at the restaurant where
Scotty worked. Pam said she thought that it would be OK. Bess' face
darkened, "I'm the one who thinks it will be OK... YOU will be there.
End of discussion."

That night in bed Pam reached under the covers and fondled her
husband's penis. He jumped at her touch and said, "what's gotten into
you?" Pam held the familiar cock for a moment, then released it and
rolled over. "Nothing, honey," was her reply.

****

The next day Pam went across the yards after lunch. She had a couple of
hours before she had to pick up the kids. As she walked, she noticed
that her step became lighter. Her mind-- which usually raced 100 miles
an hour thinking about school, kids and home-- emptied as she
approached the back door. Bess was sitting in her usual sweat pants and
shirt on the couch watching TV. As Pam stripped off her clothes inside
the backdoor, she could hear the clang of the metal weights in the
basement. Once naked Pam headed to her room to get her heels, stopping
to greet Bess and asking if Scotty was here.

Bess said yes he had stopped by, explaining that competition
bodybuilders needed to work out every day. Pam came back down wearing
her heels. She moved easily now in the uncomfortable shoes. Back in the
living room, Bess strapped her arms behind her and Pam was forced into
an erect posture. While Pam was walking under Bess' watchful eye,
Scotty came up from the basement. He stood and observed Pam for a
moment, then asked Bess if he could take a shower. Hearing his voice,
Pam immediately looked up. He stood in the living room in a pair of
sneakers and shorts. He was shirtless and sweat glistened on his body.

"Damn it, Scotty, you're sweating all over my carpet," said Bess. "Yes!
get upstairs before you stink up the whole house. Pam will be up in a
minute and bring you a towel." Bess turned back to Pam. Pam had felt
the natural reaction of wanting to hide her nakedness, even though
Scotty had seen her several times. This time she was the only one on
display in the living room and her tits were thrust out in a most
embarrassing way. But she was helpless to cover herself. Helpless and
vulnerable, she realized that she wasn't in control. Pam relaxed,
knowing that the situation was beyond her ability to change. In fact,
accepting her helplessness, she threw her head back a little further
and pushed her chest out a little more. It was as if she were
saying, "If I am going to be on display I might as well display with no
regrets."

Bess said, "Continue walking, Pam." Scotty hurried up the stairs.

In a few minutes Bess released Pam's bindings and sent her to take a
towel to Scotty. He was in the shower when she entered the room with a
towel from the linen closet. She waited for him to finish and handed
him the towel. She watched as he toweled his naked body. Pam felt more
comfortable now that he was also naked. She really liked looking at his
beautiful body.

Pam and Scotty began to talk to each other. He told her of being a
little skinny kid with very strict parents who often used corporal
punishment. In high school he was picked on for being different and was
very shy. Pam was able to relate to that. Then Scotty talked of going
to community college for a couple of years. It was there that he
realized why he was different. He realized that he was a homosexual. He
had a couple of gay relationships. He also got beat up and threatened.
Finally, not knowing what to do he had confessed his homosexuality to
his parents. They couldn't handle it and disowned him. Without any
support Scotty found himself on the street.

The tender hearted Pam actually cried as the young man spoke.

That is where Jake had picked him up. Jake taught him about sex and a
kind of love. Jake had let him move in with him and started Scotty on
body building. Jake was up front about it. He wanted Scotty to have a
beautiful body that HE could enjoy, and he wanted Scotty to be able to
defend himself from the "gay bashers."

Jake gave him a job in his restaurant. "Yes, he still worked there, and
Pam would probably see Jake when she and Bess went to eat there."
Scotty knew that Jake would ask him back soon. Throwing him out had
been some sort of punishment for Scotty, and he knew a lot about Jake's
punishments.

Scotty asked Pam why she was here, since she had her own family. Pam
explained her relationship with Bess. And how she needed Pam. Pam also
talked proudly of her daughters and her work at the pre-school. Scotty
noted that she didn't say much about her husband Bill.

Pam asked Scotty to never say anything about Bess' house and her to
anyone, for her greatest fear was exposure. That hadn't been a problem
when it was only Bess and her, but now it was different. Scotty
promised that he would never do anything to hurt Pam. But then he joked
about her "exposure."

Pam smiled, "This is unbelievable. We stand naked together and talk
like old friends. This is so unlike anything else in my life ever. But
it feels so natural, so right. I can't believe my openness with you.
It's wonderful."

Scotty asked if it was because he was gay. But Pam said, "No, it's
something else."

Pam left the bathroom to do some chores and Scotty put on an extra pair
of clean shorts he had brought with him. Downstairs, Bess told Pam to
take Scotty's sweaty shorts, jock and athletic socks and wash them so
he would have a clean pair when he came to work out. Bess and Scotty
sat on the living room couch, clothed, and talked about exercising. Pam
went about her chores in only her high heels.

When it was time for Pam to go pick up the girls, Scotty said he needed
to go to the YMCA to get dressed for work and would leave as well. The
restaurant opened at mid-afternoon for the early dinner crowd.

Pam took her shoes to her room, then went to the back door and put on
her dress. Bess hugged her at the door. Then she stopped abruptly. Some
child's paint on Pam's school dress had left a slight smudge on the
wall as it hung on the hook. Bess gave Pam a hard look.

Bess called Scotty over and asked, "Will you do a favor for me, Scotty?"

"Sure Bess, anything."

"Unscrew this hook." Scotty's strong fingers easily unscrewed hook from
the wall. Bess opened the back door and ushered both Pam and Scotty
outside. "Scotty screw the hook in right here."

Pam's face dropped. "What does this mean, Bess?"

Scotty tightened the hook. It was secured next to the back door.

"Pam, last night you were walking around in MY house with your clothes
on. The other day I saw some grass from the yard on the floor, and
today your dress smudged my wall. I have tried to teach you, but you
just keep making a mess in my house. So from now on I want you to take
off your clothes before you come inside. Understand?"

"Bess, I can't... someone will see... "

"Quit whining, it's your own fault. Go on and pick up the girls, Pam,
and I WILL see you here tomorrow. If you're careful, nobody will
notice, this neighborhood is usually dead!"

"But Bess, it is so open between all of the yards."

"It's decided, end of discussion, or would you like me to use the
paddle right here on the patio?"

Pam's eyes widened in fear. She wanted to protest, but had been
effectively chastised and knew better than to say anything else.

Scotty kept his eyes looking down at the patio. He had had many similar
exchanges with Jake. He knew Pam couldn't win the argument.

That evening was fairly routine for Pam. After dinner, Bill and Pam had
a chance to talk about some family activities. Bill told her that he
had a couple of short business trips coming up. One next week and one
the week after. Pam told Bill that she was invited to dinner at a
restaurant on Friday night with Bess, and he should be sure to get home
before left. Bill thought it would be fun for her to get out for an
evening and volunteered to pick up pizza for the girls and himself on
the way home Friday. Since pizza wasn't on Pam's diet they hadn't had
it in a while. That way Pam wouldn't have to cook for them. Bill was
always considerate of his wife.

The next day was a workout day and Pam was supposed to go to Bess'
after she picked up the girls from school. "Oh my God," thought
Pam, "what if the girls come outside while I'm taking off my clothes on
the patio? How could I explain that?" Pam worried all the way home, not
even hearing the chatter of the youngsters in the car with her.

Once home, Pam was very forceful about the girls going right to their
room and doing their homework. Her daughter's room was on the front of
the house and couldn't see the backyard. The girls' bathroom, however,
was on the back of the house. Pam told them that she was going to Bess'
house for a couple of hours. Leaving the girls studying in their room,
Pam went to their bathroom and closed the blinds. Then she removed the
control rods that opened and raised them and hid them away. The only
way to look out the window would be to pull the stiff blinds to the
side.

Pam quietly slipped out of her home. She constantly kept checking the
windows in her house to make sure that there was no movement. Once at
the back door of Bess' house she opened the door first. Then she kicked
off her shoes, she wiggled out of her panties leaving her dress on. She
unsnapped her bra and because the dress was loose for her weight loss,
she was able to tuck her arms in, remove her bra and pull it out an
armhole. she hung up her bra and panties. The moment of truth had come.
She unbuttoned her dress but kept it held closed with her hands. She
looked back at the quiet yards. She saw no movement anywhere. Her own
home looked quiet. Scared to death, Pam pulled off her dress as she
stepped forward. In a fairly fluid motion she hung the dress on the
hook as she entered the house. Once inside Pam shut the door and
breathed a sigh of relief. Her insides were fluttering from fear... and
excitement.

Sitting at his kitchen table, Mr. Clyde Odom, retired bank manager,
watched Mrs. Henderson from three doors away, while he ate his mid- day
snack. He saw her cross the yards and was pleasantly surprised when he
had seen a flash of white skin, before his pretty neighbor disappeared
into the back of the house that faced the next street over. "I will
have to keep my eyes peeled," he thought, "Maybe I should get out my
old field glasses to see what is up." He finished his snack and his
bossy wife began calling the hen-pecked 65 year old to come and
watch "Oprah" with him.

Bess and Pam had a good workout. It was all business since Scotty was
already at work. He had stopped by in the morning for his workout. They
showered together and Bess sent Pam on her way. Bess reminded Pam that
she would drive over to her house tomorrow at 6:00 to pick her up to go
to the restaurant. Then she walked with Pam to the back door. She
wanted to watch Pam exit the house naked and see how she handled
herself.

Pam had been so concerned about getting in, she hadn't given leaving
any thought. She opened the door and, while standing in the shadows,
checked to make sure that there was no movement in the yards. She also
checked her own house carefully.

Bess thought briefly about making Pam put on her panties and bra. That
would take her more time. The trade off was that Pam was really
enjoying the freedom of walking without her undergarments. Bess decided
to not make Pam put on her panties and bra. She wanted her to get used
to being as unclothed as possible.

Pam turned to Bess and gave her a hug then backed out the door grabbing
her dress as she stepped out. In a flash she had it wrapped around her.
She buttoned it quickly and then stuffed her panties and bra in her
pocket.

"Very smart, Pam. See? That wasn't so bad. See you tomorrow!"

Bess shut the door. Pam pulled on her shoes and walked home.

Mr. Odom had been sitting at his kitchen table all afternoon. He had
been ignoring his screaming wife. He held his old bird-watching
binoculars in his hand. When he saw the door open across the way her
quickly brought the glasses to his eyes. He had focused them a hundred
times on the back door over the last 2 hours. His patience was
rewarded, he saw for a brief moment, a very lovely white female ass
back out the door. It was quickly covered. He raised the glasses to the
face of his nice looking neighbor and watched her walk back to her own
house. "I'm glad we didn't sell this house and move to the retirement
community," Mr. Odom thought. "I'd better get a cushion for this chair,
because I'm going to be spending a lot of time looking out this window."




Acquisition 9/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


On Friday after work Pam came home to her phone ringing. It was Bess,
reminding her that she needed to be ready at 6:00. Then Bess
added, "What should we wear, Pam?"

Pam said that since Scotty had said it was a nice restaurant that she
was going to wear one of her Sunday church dresses. "NO, Pam. Don't you
have a nice white blouse and a dark skirt?"

"Sure, do you think that will be OK?"

"Yeah, that's what I am going to wear. I don't want you more dressed up
than I am Pam. See you at six." Pam knew what Bess expected and it made
her happy that her friend had made the decision for her.

Pam spent the afternoon with her kids and Bill got home, carrying
pizza, at about 5:30.

As Bill put the slices of hot pizza on plates for the girls, Pam went
up to dress for her dinner.

She combed her hair and put on one of her nicest panty and bra sets.
Next was pantyhose, then she put on a white silk blouse and a black
skirt with a hem touching her knees. A wide black belt went around her
waist. She was very pleased to see that the belt notch that she used
was three holes over. The diet and exercise regimen was really making a
difference. Black flat shoes completed her outfit.

Pam went downstairs and watched Bill and the girls eating pizza and
playing a board game on the kitchen table. Bess' car pulled into the
driveway. Pam told her family that she would be back in a couple of
hours. Bill kissed her at the door and said, "Have a good time."

Once the car had pulled out of the driveway, Bess turned to Pam and
said, "This is going to be fun. Scotty tells me that the food is great
and the most interesting people have dinner there. Hey, I brought you a
couple of things from your room." Pam reached into the back seat. She
handed Pam her heels and the red lipstick from her vanity. "The heels
will make your legs look great and I thought it was high time for you
to use some more makeup."

Pam looked unsure. But Bess said, "Go on, put them on." then she
reached over and flipped down the visor in front of Pam. Like most new
cars, a small mirror and make-up light were revealed. Bess
laughed, "Two women out for the evening, we need to look gooood!"

Pam parked at the upscale restaurant. Pam had changed her shoes, but
was still staring at her face in the mirror. Bess said, "Oh, come on,
Pam." She turned on the dome light, turned Pam's face towards her, and
taking the lipstick carefully applied the bright red make-up to Pam's
lips. She pulled a tissue from her purse and said, "Blot."

Bess hopped out of the car and walked around to Pam's side and opened
her door. Pam swung her legs out and Bess took her hand to help her get
her balance on the asphalt.

For the first time Pam was able to see Bess. She had on a tan blouse,
with no bra. Pam was surprised that Bess' skirt was very short. Bess'
slender muscular legs were exposed to mid-thigh. Bess was obviously
trying to show off her only sexy feature, her legs, shaped by years of
exercise and running.

Bess looked at Pam's long skirt and said, "you need to do what I used
to do in high school, Pam."

Pam looked confused. Bess continued, "Take off your belt for a second,
Pam." Pam complied and stood holding her belt. Bess stepped forward and
pulled the waist of Pam's skirt up about 3 inches. She looked down at
the hem and then pulled the skirt up another 3 inches. Bess folded the
material down several times and told Pam to put her belt back on.

Pam looked down and saw that her skirt, like Bess', was now exposing
half of her thighs.

"All right, Pam! Your legs are looking good. Two hot women, out on the
town."

"I just want a quiet dinner Bess."

"We will, Pam, Scotty says the food here is excellent."

Bess took Pam's hand. Holding it, she led her neighbor into the fancy
restaurant.

Once inside the two women asked for a table and waited to be seated.
Pam and Bill rarely went out to dinner and if they did it was a family
restaurant with the girls. Pam relaxed when she realized that the men
and women in the restraint were stylishly dressed. Most of the women
she could see were wearing high fashion short dresses. Soft jazz played
in the dark wood paneled restaurant. The two women we escorted by a
maitre d' to a small table that was in the dining room but near the
entrance to the bar area.

Pam looked around the room. This place is really nice, I hope it's not
too expensive she thought. Suddenly Scotty was standing next to their
table. Pam smiled brightly at the young man.

"Are you going to be our waiter, Scotty?" asked Bess, looking up and
seeing the young man in black pants, white dress shirt, wearing a black
tux tie on his collar.

"Yes, I told the Maitre d' to look out for you and put you in my
serving area."

"Well then, we want the whole treatment"

"Good evening ladies, my name it Scotty and I will be your server this
evening. Here are your menus. Could I get you anything from the bar
while you decide?"

Both Bess and Pam laughed. Bess said, "OOOH this is fun, will we have
to give you a big tip?"

"No, of course not," Scotty laughed back.

Then Bess added, "That's good because Pam gave you your tip the other
night, or should I say YOU gave her your TIP." Both Pam and Scotty
blushed at the comment.

"Oh, isn't that sweet? Now you are shy! Get us two glasses of the house
white, Scotty." Then turning to Pam, "I think we can break the diet
tonight."

Scotty came back with the wine. The three chatted for a few minutes.
The conversation ended with Bess saying, "We will order sometime sexy
and fun to eat. How about the crab legs. Something about pulling out
the chunks of succulent meat and dipping it in butter turns me on."
Bess naturally ordered for the two of them and Pam was happy to let her.

Scotty left with the order. Bess reached across the table, took Pam's
hand in hers and looked into her face. "I love being out with you Pam.
You are the most important thing to me, my love. Don't you like me
taking care of you? This is so much fun we will need to do this kind of
thing more often, my pet.

Pam smiled, and replied, "I'm really enjoying myself. I haven't had an
expensive meal in so long. I'm always cooking for everyone else."

"Relax and just follow me. I want to pamper you." Bess squeezed Pam's
fingers and then stroked the back of her hand gently.

The two women sitting alone had attracted the attention of several men
in the bar area. They were older and looked very distinguished, like
all of the clientele in the restaurant. One of the bartenders
approached the table and poured more wine into their glasses. Bess
looked up, surprised. The bartender simply said, "Compliments of the
gentlemen in the bar", and walked away. Bess and Pam looked up and two
nice looking men tipped their glasses to them.

"All right," Bess thought, "This is the first time any man has ever
bought me a drink. And these are obviously well-to-do, sophisticated,
attractive men." Then Bess looked across the table at her friend, "Of
course," she thought, "That's why. Pam has the tits that make men open
their wallets and their zippers." She was suddenly annoyed with Pam.

The naive Pam was surprised as well. Drinks sent to her table was a
first for her. She had never gone out prior to her marriage where this
could happen. She hadn't looked as hot then, either. Since her marriage
any night out was with her husband, wearing Sunday school clothes,
hardly pick-up material. In fact, until tonight she had never been pick-
up material in her life. Pam's surprise turned to confusion when she
saw Bess' face turn dark.

Scotty arrived balancing a tray on one hand. Stretched out holding the
tray Pam and Bess couldn't help but notice that his pants were very
tight. The material clung to his muscular ass and his "package" was
outlined. It was now obvious that he wasn't wearing underwear.

Bess said, "Showing off a little, aren't you Scotty?"

"Jake has us all wear tight pants. He says the customers like it and it
does sometimes get us big tips." Then with a laugh in his effeminate
voice Scotty added, "I usually get bigger tips from some men. Like Jake
says, it pays to advertise. Hey, I saw that you had some drinks sent to
you earlier, you guys must be 'advertising' yourselves."

"No, we just want to have our dinner," said Pam defensively.

"Well I think those guys were just wanting to get close to the 'new'
Pam," said Bess with obvious irritation in her voice.

Scotty placed the plates on the table and left the women to their meal.

The two women enjoyed eating the fattening meal. At one point Bess
pulled a long tendril of meat from one of the crab legs on her plate.
She caught Pam's eyes and slowly dipped the meat in the butter bowl.
Holding the meat over her tilted back head Bess held still while the
butter ran down the long slender piece of meat and sensually dropped
into her open mouth. Then she stuck her tongue out and licked the end
of the dangling meat. She looked again at Pam, smiled then sucked the
crab meat into her mouth, slowly pulled it back out and repeated,
sucking the meat like a miniature cock. Pam laughed out loud and,
getting into the spirit, imitated Bess with a piece of her food. The
women laughed together and were startled when they heard clapping
coming from the bar. Several men were looking at them, smiling and
giving them the 'thumbs up' sign. One man walked from the bar and stood
next to their table. He was a tall and imposing figure, mid- thirties
with dark hair and eyes. He wore an impeccable dark Italian silk suit.
The two women could feel his presence. He sent out vibrations that
said 'power.'

"Hello, ladies. My name is Jake and I am the lucky owner of this
establishment."

Immediately Pam and Bess knew who he was.

"I saw one of my employees talking with you earlier, are you friends of
Scotty?" Jake asked in a condescending tone.

Pam was speechless. This man intimidated her by his presence. Powerful
men always did that. First her father, then a few of her college
professors. Occasionally Pam would have to attend a business party with
Bill. The powerful businessmen that Bill worked for made her feel the
same way, somehow small and vulnerable. At those parties she always
stayed close to her husband. Taking comfort from him. In fact, one of
the reasons she was drawn to Bill in the first place was because he did
not intimidate her.

Bess, on the other hand, looked at Jake as a challenge. Like most
things in her life Bess always wanted to compete and beat people. Stand
up to them and stare them down. As Pam seemed to sink into her chair,
Bess seemed to rise in hers, showing defiance to the man who stood
confidently next to their table.

For his part, Jake sized up the two women immediately. He was a student
of people and how strong they were. How physically strong and mentally
strong.

He noticed Pam's wedding band and the lack of a band on Bess' finger.
He read the body language of each and knew that Pam was here because of
Bess. While Pam was much more interesting to him from a physical
standpoint, he was intrigued by the small defiant Bess. He had a
feeling that she held the key to her married friend.

"Yes, Scotty invited us. You have a very nice restaurant, Jake. I'll
tell you if I like the food after we are done eating," said Bess in a
straightforward tone, looking straight into the man's handsome yet
somehow callous face.

"Well, I will have to reward him for asking two such delightful women
to dine here," said Jake, turning on the charm and displaying a mouth
full of dazzling white teeth. "And you WILL enjoy the meal. I serve
nothing but the best. That's why I am so successful."

Bess turned back to her meal and Pam stole a sidelong glance at the
man, afraid to meet his eyes.

Jake continued, seeing that these two would take some effort. "In fact,
Scotty actually both lives with me and works for me."

"Actually, Jake, you threw him out last weekend," said Bess throwing
another barb.

"MY MY, you two have me at a disadvantage. It seems you know much more
about me than I know of you. I would like to remedy that. May I join
you? For your company I will give you your meals and drinks on the
house."

"We are quite capable of paying for our meals," Bess shot back, "but we
both like Scotty very much and I would like to know more about him...
and you, Jake. So I will allow you to join us." Bess felt like she had
control.

Bess saw Pam's eyes pleading with her not to have this man join them,
but Bess simply dismissed her with a look of her own. The exchange of
glances was not lost on Jake. "Very interesting, his initial assessment
must have been right about these two," he thought.

Jake simply nodded to the maitre d' and a third chair appeared at the
table in seconds.

At first Jake and Bess talked about the restaurant, then the subject
switched to exercise, when Jake noted that Bess was obviously an
athlete. This pleased her and she regaled him with her list of
impressive athletic accomplishments in college and since.

It was revealed that Scotty had been working out with Pam and Bess for
the last several days.

Jake finally turned to Pam, "Oh, are you an athlete?"

Pam couldn't make herself meet his eyes and softly responded, "No, not
really"

Bess immediately corrected her charge. "Pam, speak up and look at Jake."

Pam struggled to look up at his handsome face, finally in a louder
voice said, "No, I've only been working out with Bess for a month."

Bess immediately took charge and continued, "I am helping Pam with a
diet and getting her in shape."

Jake leaned to one side and looked down at Pam's legs and said, "Keep
it up, you seem to be making progress." Pam blushed.

Jake, knowing that he needed to stay connected with Bess, leaned the
other way and after looking at Bess' legs said, "But her legs will
never look like yours. Your legs are the result of a lifetime of work."
Bess smiled brightly at the compliment.

Jake sat with a smug look and thought to himself, "Yes, I will be able
to manipulate the manipulator."

Jake then decided to turn up the heat on the conversation. "You know
that Scotty and I are lovers."

Both women nodded that they were aware of that. The Jake launched into
recounting how he had found Scotty on the street. Had taken him in,
given him a job and become his lover. Then he talked about taking
control of Scotty, having him essentially become his personal slave,
making Scotty work out with him, etc. Finally he said, "... and Scotty
has such a beautiful ass, he takes my cock up it so well. I really love
it when I'm on top of that beautiful muscular body, such a beautiful
tight ass."

Bess said, "Yes, we know."

Jake looked up with surprise. "What do you mean? He is not supposed to
have sex with anyone but me."

Bess, realizing her mistake, said, "No, when we work out we do it
naked. We saw him, that's all."

Jake smiled, "That's good because I'm taking Scotty back tonight. He
won't need to work out with you anymore. We usually work out naked, so
I'm not surprised you do as well. Listen, I have some of the best
equipment money can buy. If the two of you would like to come over to
my place and have a workout, Scotty and I would like it. Nothing to
worry about with two fags like us."

Pam was frightened that Bess would take him up on the offer. Somehow
Jake didn't seem gay at all.

Bess, wanting to exert her control again, simply said, "I will have to
think about it. I don't want to disrupt our routine."

Pam breathed a sigh of relief for a moment. But only a moment. Jake
turned to her and said, Well, If Bess doesn't want to work out with
Scotty and I, how about you, Pam?"

The was a long pause, Bess didn't say anything wanting to hear Pam's
response.

Finally Pam said, "It's up to Bess, she makes all of those decisions."

Both Jake and Bess smiled. Bess because she was proud of Pam's answer,
Jake because he now knew that Pam was controlled by Bess, owned by her.
Now it was only a matter of time. He smiled sweetly at the housewife
and said, "I understand," while he thought of all the wonderful things
he was going to do to her, when the time was right.

****

Pam and Bess had finished their meal. Scotty came back to ask if they
wanted desert.

They both exclaimed "NO, they were stuffed." Pam literally was. Her
daily meals had been so small over the past weeks that she knew that
her stomach had shrunk. She was actually uncomfortable and she looked
it.

In front of his new friends, Jake told Scotty that he expected the
young man to come back home with him tonight. Pam watched Scotty as
this announcement was made. Scotty showed a variety of emotions on his
beautiful face. Obvious happiness about going to the place he
considered home but there was also a fear present. Pam remembered the
welts on his muscular buttocks and was concerned for her new friend.

Jake asked if Scotty had been a good server and the women
said, "Absolutely."

Then Jake said, "I will reward Scotty for bringing you wonderful ladies
to my restaurant. I have enjoyed your company so much that I will keep
my promise." Jake turned to Scotty and said, "Tear up their bill,
Scotty. And we will welcome them back any time." Everyone smiled.

Jake then said, "Pam you look uncomfortable. Scotty, show Pam where the
restroom is. I want to talk to Bess privately for a moment, anyway."
Pam was happy to stand and relieve the pressure on her stomach. As
Scotty led Pam away, Jake and the men in the bar watched her walk away
in her high heels, her ass swaying and thighs flashing. Once she was
out of view, Jake shifted over to Pam's chair. He felt the warmth on
the chair left by Pam. He smiled to himself, "She was a hot piece of
ass."

Jake nodded to the maitre d' and the extra chair was whisked away.
Until Jake left, Pam would have no place to sit.

Jake looked hard at Bess and she looked right back at him as if in a
war of wills. Jake smiled and relaxed, "I had to kick Scotty out for a
few days. I had a stewardess I picked up staying with me while she was
on her layover. She wouldn't have understood Scotty being at my place."

Bess eyes widened in surprise.

Jake laughed, "Oh, I'm bisexual. I enjoy women a lot. Scotty is just
convenient to have around. And he is absolutely the best 'cocksucker'.
Much better than any woman I have ever been with."

Jake continued, "Sort of like you and Pam I'll bet. I can tell that the
two of you must get it on." Bess did not respond to that, but the look
on her face told Jake the answer. Jake continued, "I'm impressed with
your control over her. Tell me about it, you must be very strong to
control someone who is married."

By feeding Bess' ego he knew that she would talk. This was one subject
everyone liked to brag about.

Bess found herself opening up to Jake. She explained how she had been
empty and unfulfilled until Pam had fallen into her control. How she
really loved Pam and her daughters. During Bess' revelations Jake began
to interject his thoughts.

Jake observed that it was impressive to control someone who had a
family separate from the dominator's relationship. He was also,
impressed that she had good control over the married woman since she
only "had her" for a couple of hours a day, six days a week.

He confessed that it was easy to control Scotty because Jake was the
only relationship Scotty had. And Scotty was with him seven days a week
24 hours a day. Also, Scotty depended on Jake for his food, shelter,
for everything.

Bess explained that she and Pam had a very strong emotional bond and
that she had drawn Pam in very slowly to prevent her from running away
from her.

Jake played Bess. Making her think that they were some kind of
coconspirators. Letting Bess think she had control of the conversation.
He recognized Bess' need to dominate all of her relationships.

When Jake saw Pam returning from the restroom, he leaned across to Bess
and whispered, "Show me. I want to talk with you some more and my chair
was taken away. Have her stand in the bar and wait until we are
finished talking. That will impress me. I know that a sheltered
housewife like her will be uncomfortable in that situation."

Pam walked up to the table and realized that Jake was in her seat. She
stood and looked at Bess. Bess was silent for a moment. Then she
thought, "Why not? It might be fun."

"Pam, Jake and I are still talking. Go into the bar and have a glass of
wine. I'll send Scotty for you when Jake and I are finished talking."

Pam looked unsure and a little hurt, she didn't move. Bess saw Jake
shrug his shoulders as if to say, "I guess you're not the boss after
all."

Bess needed to show this arrogant SOB. "Go NOW, Pam!"

Pam wilted, finally turned and with a frightened look on her face went
into the bar area.

Jake whispered, "Very impressive."

Jake and Bess watched. As soon as Pam entered the bar area, several
attractive, well dressed men offered her a seat and bought her a drink.
Pam looked awkward and self-conscious.

Jake turned to Bess, "She will be all right, they will hit on her, but
my restaurant is not the kind of place where anything would happen. She
will get some attention, that's all. I also own an after hours club. If
we were there, you would need to keep her on a tight leash."

Bess thought to herself that her pet might help her get a real man
between her legs. It had been so long since she had a man make love to
her.

Jake continued, "Speaking of a leash, how do you punish her? I cane and
humiliate Scotty on a regular basis."

Bess proudly told Jake of requiring Pam to stay nude in her house,
paddling her and the binding of her arms.

Jake laughed, "Wonderful. So you really only dominate her at your
house?"

Bess said yes, mostly at the house. But that she had begun to
purposefully embarrass Pam outside the house. Like tonight, rolling up
her skirt.

Jake went on to say that Bess would have to continue to dominate Pam to
continue to take her to greater and greater punishment and humiliation
or the relationship would stagnate. Bess listened to the argument and
it made sense, but she also loved her pet.

Jake discussed that Pam, being married with a family really complicated
the relationship. He said that at his 'after hours' club, occasionally
dominants and submissives came in. It was really boring most of the
time, not real control, just people play acting. Wearing outlandish
clothes and pretending to spank each other. Not very real when both of
the parties involved really wanted the same thing. To Jake, real
control, real possession of a person was what was exciting. That was
what was so great about Bess and Pam. Even though Pam was only sitting
in an upscale bar, in a skirt that was really no shorter than any of
the other women in the restaurant, it was an act so alien to her that
it was only possible because of Bess' control. That was exciting and
Bess should be congratulated.

Bess beamed at the praise.

They looked up and saw that Pam had become a little more comfortable
and was now talking with two of the men who stood next to her.

Jake looked at Bess. "See Bess, she is already relaxing. You need to
continue to up the control or eventually Pam will just return to her
family or find someone who will take even greater possession of her.
You need to be careful. After all, "owning" someone is a lot of work. I
can't tell you the hours I've spent training Scotty."

Bess agreed, "That's true, Pam has consumed me. It is a lot of
responsibility."

Jake smiled and, stroking Bess' ego one more time, said, "You are an
amazing woman, Bess. Think about coming to my house for a workout, or
if you like, you and Pam could come to my club."

Bess said that she would think about it.

"Do yourself a favor Bess, do something else to exert your control and
humiliate Pam before you leave. But please, not too outrageous; this is
an upscale restaurant and my livelihood."

Bess smiled and said, "Yes, that's a good idea Jake. I will."

Jake stood, "You won't be seeing Scotty at your house anymore. After
all, like you with Pam I have to keep my control. And I can tell that
he likes the two of you too much."

He waved Scotty over to the table and as Jake left he said to Bess, "I
know that we will be seeing more of each other."

Scotty arrived and Jake disappeared into the back of the
restaurant. "Scotty, would you go get Pam from the bar and have her
come back to the table?" Bess was thinking about what Jake had said,
what could she have Pam do to further humiliate and control her in this
upscale public place?

When Scotty went up to Pam she was talking with ease to the men that
surrounded her. He noted that they were all ogling her exposed thighs
and the swell of her breasts under her white blouse. Scotty said to
Pam, "Bess has asked you to come back." The men groaned but all
expressed thanks for the time Pam had spent with them. Pam felt like
the queen of the ball as she slid off her stool, exposing a little more
thigh. As Scotty walked with Pam back to the table, he whispered to
her, "Be careful of Jake, Pam." Pam didn't say anything, she was
confused by the comment.

Pam slid back into her seat.

"Well, it looks like you were a hit in the bar. Did you find a friend
for me Pam?" Bess said in a nasty tone. Bess had decided what she would
have Pam do.

Now Pam was really confused, she was happy to be back at the table with
Bess. For some reason Bess seemed mad at her.

"Those men were really checking you out Pam. They bought you a drink
and everything. Were they nice?"

"Oh, Bess, I was really nervous at first, but they were gentlemen and
did seem very nice."

"Well, I think that you need to show your appreciation to them, and to
me. Pam I want you to go back to the bathroom, go into a stall and take
off your bra. Then bring it back to me."

All of the color drained out of Pam's face. "I can't, no... Bess no...
don't ruin this evening... "

"Shut up, Pam. We have been working hard on your body. I'm not wearing
a bra and you don't need one either. Now do as I say. It will be fine.
Think of how good it will feel! Do it now! Besides, your shirt is not
sheer. I wouldn't want to embarrass Scotty or Jake. " Then she
added, "I just want to embarrass you."

Pam didn't move. Bess reached across the table and touched a button on
Pam's collar. "We can do it right here if you prefer."

"Stop, OK! I'll go."

"Good, I'll bet you're turned on, aren't you Pam. I know I am!"

Pam got up from the table, and to her surprise she could feel an
excitement in her belly. She dreaded and was thrilled at what she knew
she must do.

Pam disappeared towards the restroom and Bess glanced around the room
looking for Jake. She saw him sitting at the bar with some well dressed
older gentlemen.

They caught each other's eyes and smiled. Coconspirators...

In a toilet stall, Pam was full of mixed emotions. She was frightened a
little, but she knew that nothing bad could really happen. This was a
nice place and she knew Bess would take care of her like always. That
was comforting. Actually, she was excited. She enjoyed the feeling of
freedom she had at Bess' house and this would sort of be the same. In
fact it wouldn't be as embarrassing as what had happened at the Park.

She pulled her blouse from under her belt and, after unbuttoning it,
hung it on the hook on the back of the stall door. Then she took a deep
breath... and unsnapped her bra. Her tits bounced free and swung in the
cool air of the bathroom. Her nipples hardened into brown pebbles.
After hefting each tit in her hands momentarily, she pulled her blouse
back on. Buttoned it and tucked in her shirt. She played with how tight
the blouse was tucked in, so that her nipples wouldn't be too obvious.
She balled up her bra in one hand and exited the stall. Checking
herself in the mirror as she past it, she thought, you could hardly
tell I'm braless except for the bounce caused by the high heels.

Bess saw Pam approaching the table with a delightful bounce under her
shirt. When she came up to the table Pam was flushed and said, "Oh,
Bess, I feel so naughty."

Bess gave her a loving smile, stood and said, "I'm so proud of you, you
look delicious." In her heels Pam was almost a head taller than Bess.
Then before giving the housewife a chance to think, Bess placed her
hand on Pam's back and steered her towards the bar. Several men looked
up from their drinks at the approaching women. Bess, in a moment of
malevolence, grabbed a handful of cloth on Pam's back. She bunched it
together with her fingers causing the material on Pam's blouse to draw
tight across her unfettered tits. Bess pulled tighter and the material
between the buttons gaped open. The men watching them, peeked through
the small opening and could see the curved flesh of Pam's tits. Bess
steered Pam up to a man sitting next to Jake. He was one of the men who
had been talking with Pam earlier. Then, still holding the shirt tight,
Bess said to him, "My friend is a little shy, do you have a business
card?" The man smiled and pulled a card from his suit pocket and held
it out. "Take it Pam, you said you thought he was nice."

Pam blushed, but held out her hand hoping that this would end quickly.
The man handed her the card. First she reached up with the hand that
held her bra, then she quickly raised the other hand and took the card.
One of the men sitting nearby commented, "Yeah! We can see how shy she
is!"

Pam visibly shivered when Bess said, "Thank you, maybe we will call you
sometime." The other men high fived their lucky friend as the two women
walked away towards the door of the restaurant.

Jake rose and followed the women. As they were leaving he whispered to
Bess, "Very nicely done Bess, I'm really impressed. You are a very
powerful woman." Bess smiled widely at the complement from the dark,
mysterious man. Jake continued, "Have you thought about changing her
hair color to blonde? I love blondes, that is one of the things that
attracted me to Scotty. And you must do something about her ugly brown
nipples. Kids will screw up even the most delectable female body."

Pam didn't hear the exchange, she was still coming down from the high
of being on display and obviously being appreciated by the men in the
bar. This was a new and foreign experience for her and deep inside,
despite her misgivings, she enjoyed it.

Jake watched the women as they walked across the parking lot. "Pam was
so ripe," he thought, "like a succulent, unbruised juicy peach."

Once in the car the two women hugged each other and laughed. It had
been a fun evening. Bess pulled her car out of the parking lot onto the
brightly lit city streets.

Pam said, "God that was so exciting. I hope Bill wants to make love
tonight."

Bess laughed, "Pam you don't need to be made love to. You need to be
fucked!"

Both women giggled. Then Bess said, "do you want to go to your room and
spend some time with me and 'Mr. Friendly'?"

"I'd love to Bess, but I feel guilty enough about leaving Bill with the
kids."

Bess, not wanting the evening to end, drove aimlessly around the
downtown area.

As she was driving Bess unbuttoned her own blouse and reached inside
with her free hand and tickled her own small nipples on her flat chest.
Pam looked over at her friend and asked, "Bess, what are you doing?"

Bess pulled her blouse open so her nipples were visible and said, "I'm
just so turned on. I feel like playing with myself."

Then she smiled at Pam and said, "Don't you need to put your bra back
on before you get home to Bill?"

"Yes I do. Will you stop at a gas station so I can do that, and unroll
my skirt."

"NO, Do it now!"

"Bess... "

"No. My car is like my house. It's dark in here. Do it now! Besides I'm
playing with my tits and I want to see yours."

Pam shrugged, knowing that arguing would be futile and besides
following this order made her excited. It was dark in the car. None of
the people that they were passing on the downtown streets would be able
to see inside.

Pam unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it from her skirt. She peered out
the dark windows and seeing no one on the street nearby, she pulled
leaned forward and stripped off her blouse.

Bess loved to watch Pam's breasts swing and hang. "She really doesn't
know how sexy she is," Bess thought to herself.

Bess had picked up Pam's bra and held it. "I'll hold your blouse," she
said. Pam twisted in her seat breasts swinging and handed Bess the
blouse and reached for her bra.

Bess laughed evilly and snatched both the blouse and bra away. She
deposited them between her seat and the car door, well out of Pam's
reach.

"Bess!..." Pam shrieked

"Shut up or I will toss them out the window. Bill would certainly
wonder if you came home topless."

Pam, didn't say a word, but placed her hands over her breasts as Bess
hit the electric window switch, and with a soft hum the drivers side
window began to disappear.

"Bess... please... "

"Pam take your hands away from your tits or I will roll down your
window. You'll get them back, if you cooperate, this is fun, love."

Pam dropped her hands exposing her tits. Fortunately Bess' window of
the car was on the street side thought Pam.

"Pam, pull off my blouse while I drive. I want to join you in this
little exhibition, this is so neat."

Pam leaned over and with some struggle was able to get Bess' blouse
off. Bess snatched it away from Pam. "I don't want you to cover up with
my clothes. Besides, you big titted bitch, you would stretch my blouse."

Pam was stung by the words of her friend, but she could feel herself
becoming moist, the powerlessness and the vulnerability of the
situation was getting to her.




Acquisition 10/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


The two women drove through the downtown topless. Both of their nipples
were hard from the excitement of being half naked. Bess looked dreamily
over at the beautiful Pam and said, "Play with my nipples Pam. God I'm
so turned on." Pam, becoming comfortable in the relative safety of the
car reached out and touched her friend's chest. "Use your other hand
and fondle yourself Pam."

The housewife stroked and gently pinched Bess' hard nipple with one
hand and one of her own with the other. Bess heard Pam sigh. After a
few minutes Bess lifted Pam's hand from her chest and placed it on
Pam's other breast. Pam sighed again and began to fondle both of her
own breasts. Pam's head rested back on the seat and she continued
stroking her fleshy tits.

Bess reached to the middle console of her luxury car and hit the seat
adjustment levers for the passenger seat. Pam felt her seat reclining
gently. She closed her eyes, relaxed, reclined and got into the
sensuous stroking of herself. Bess looked over at the 3/4 recline of
her pet and smiled.

Both topless women were enjoying the moment. Bess stopped for a light.
Several rough looking men stood on the downtown street corner talking
and sharing a cigarette. On a whim Bess lowered the passenger window,
then reached up and turned on the passenger map light. She focused the
beam of light on Pam's tits. The housewife, lost in her own self-
enjoyment, was oblivious to being put on display.

"Hey, man. Look at that."

Another voice, "Shit! There's a lady in that nice car playing with her
jugs man."

Pam opened her eyes when she heard the voices. Bess grabbed Pam's arm
closest to her and pulled it hard. Bess squeezed Pam's forearm hard
enough to bruise. Then she hissed, "Don't move, don't say anything. Do
as I say or I will kick your ass out of my car right here on this
corner. You know I can do it!"

A look of pure terror crossed Pam's face and she sat frozen. One breast
uncovered, the other partially hidden by her by her hand. The fingers
had frozen in mid-pinch on her erect nipple. She was so frightened that
she almost pissed from the fear and humiliation.

One of the men approached the car and stuck his head in Pam's window.
He was dirty and had several days growth of beard on his face. "Hey,
bitch can I play with those things too?"

Bess called out. "Yeah sure, but only if you come over here and play
with mine first."

The light changed and the car behind Bess honked its horn. The man
pulled his head out of the window, and cursed at the car behind them.
But Bess very calmly took her foot off the brake and inched her car
forward.

"Thank God," thought Pam.

But Bess simply turned the corner and pulled along side the curb in an
area marked as a bus stop. The men again approached the car. Bess
called out, "Who is going to come over here. The deal is my tits first."

One of the men said, "Lopez, you go check out the driver. I want to get
my hands on these baby's. The head was stuck back in Pam's window. She
could smell cheap liquor and cigarettes on his breath.

"Me first, or we are out of here," reminded Bess.

The man yelled, "Hurry up, Lopez."

A swarthy face was stuck in Bess' window, "Hey man this chick only has
little tits."

Bess laughed, "Yeah, but I got great nipples, give them a suck."

"Go on, Lopez."

The man in Bess' window leaned in and ran his tongue over Bess hard bud
on her almost flat left tit. The other man, seeing it, reached in with
both hands and grabbed Pam's tits roughly.

"Man, this bitch has got some nice titties," he exclaimed. "Let me in
there," a voice said, and another arm reached into the window and
grabbed a hand full of Pam's flesh.

Another voice said, "Can we grab her pussy?" With out waiting for a
reply, another dirty arm came in the window and began grabbing at Pam's
skirt. "Shit! This bitch has pantyhose on."

Bess, enjoying the tit tongue bath from the stranger, laughed and
said, "if each of you boys give me some attention I'll let you see her
whole package. "All right," one of the dirty men exclaimed.

The men withdrew from both sides of the car and stood looking in the
windshield. Bess reached over to Pam and began undoing her belt.

Pam was still frightened to death. But, like before, the knowledge that
she would be exposed regardless of what she wanted caused a calm to
come over her. "I can't do anything about this. I know that Bess will
take care of me," she thought to herself. She also knew that she was
excited and trembling with both fear and erotic anticipation. When Bess
had the belt loose and began tugging on Pam's skirt, the housewife
actually raised her hips to help slip off the skirt in the confined
space of the car.

"That's good Pam, now you know how I want you all the time. Push down
your pantyhose and panties. Let these men see you naked. I want you
naked. You want to be naked. Let everyone see your beautiful naked
body. You have worked so hard, show them your pussy and your ass. Show
them everything. It will make me so happy, so proud of you!"

"Yess," Pam hissed in mindless obedience, "Naked, yesssss."

Pam raised her hips again and pushed down her pantyhose and panties to
her knees.

"All right..." the men cheered. "Look at that bitch. Hey spread those
legs momma, let us see your juicy slit!"

"Do it," said Bess casually, delighted with the willingness of her pet
to expose herself so wantonly.

Pam tried to spread her legs, but the bunched material at her knees
prevented it. Seeing the problem Bess leaned forward slipped Pam's
shoes off, then pushed the tangle of nylon and cotton panty completely
off Pam's feet. Bess tossed the ball of material out of her window into
the dirty street. She grabbed the leg closest to her and pulled it into
her lap, then said, "stick your other leg out the window."

Pam pulled her knee to her chest then pushed it out the open passenger
window. Her foot and calf were completely out the window. She rested
the back of her knee on the door. She was splayed obscenely, wet, pink
cunt flesh visible in her dark pubic hair, the light reflecting off of
her moisture.

Bess pushed her back into the reclining position and then said to the
men, "play with my tits, then you can play with her all you want."

The men immediately crowded at Pam's window. "Damn it," Bess thought to
herself, "I'm sitting here half naked and all four of these bum's are
trying to get their hands on Pam. That bitch. God, that pisses me off.
I really ought to throw her naked ass out of the car."

Bess screamed getting madder and madder, "You no good mother fuckers!!
I said play with me first, not my friend."

One of the men said, "Shut up bitch, we want to play with this whore,
not your skinny little ass."

Dirty grimy hands reached into the window and began pawing at Pam. She
laid back on the seat frozen, as one hand grabbed a tit and another
reached roughly between her legs.

"Damn, this pussy is wet," the man who had his fingers probing her slit
remarked.

Another chimed in, "Give me some room, let me feel it. Let me stick my
hand up her cunt."

Bess was beside herself with rage. The person she controlled, her pet,
HER GOD DAMN PERSONAL BITCH, had ALL of the men. And she sat there
letting it happen. Sure, she enjoyed the humiliation of Pam. It showed
her power and ownership of the housewife, but damn-it she deserved some
attention from men too.

Bess shifted the car into gear and pressed the accelerator hard, as she
screamed "FUCK YOU," at the men. The car squealed away from the curb.
The men began cursing as their arms were pulled away from Pam succulent
body.

At the next corner Bess looked in the rear view mirror. One of the men
was standing in the street holding Pam's panties to his nose.

As Bess sped through the intersection she looked over at Pam. The
housewife was still naked, was still reclining, and she had begun to
play with her own body. One hand was on her breast pinching it at the
same place one of the men's hands had been. Bess could tell because of
the smudge of dirt left on the tender white flesh by the bum. Pam's
other hand was rubbing between her legs. This was the first time Bess
had seen Pam masturbating.

"You ungrateful bitch, you fucking selfish bitch. I help you. I give
you some fucking meaning to your miserable existence. God damn it, I
live for you... " Bess began to tear up," and I love you so much. Go
ahead! Just go ahead and play with your cunt." Bess cried openly and
then with anger in her voice, "Your precious married cunt. That hole
that all the men want to fuck. God damn it maybe we should let them.
Maybe if we let them, just maybe, then they will want to fuck me too."

Pam began to moan as her fingers dipped into her honeypot and her thumb
strummed across her clit. An orgasm washed over her. Enraged, Bess
slammed on the brakes of the car. It swerved to a stop on a dark
street. Bess jammed the car shift lever into park, jumped out of the
car, ran around to Pam's door and pulled it open. Grabbing Pam by her
hair she pulled her from the car and pushed her over the hood of the
car. Holding the naked woman down against the hood with a hand on her
neck, Bess began to hit Pam with all of her strength across her exposed
ass. The blows were more like punches than slaps. Bess was shrieking
and wailing, "You bitch, you ungrateful cunt..." Over and over again.
Pam recovering from her orgasm, began to cry and pleaded, "Please...
please... I'm sorry... sorry... I deserve it... I'm soooo bad...
Please, I'm sorry..."

The scene was frozen as a car turned onto the darkened street
illuminating the two women in stark relief against the blackness.

Bess was wearing only her skirt. Her little tits were red from rage and
exertion. Pam's voluptuous ass exposed, her groin and chest pressed
against the metal of the car. Bess' arm was frozen in mid swing.

Bess stopped swinging and crying hard stood Pam up and gave her a hard
tight hug. Pam hugged her back and the two woman stood sobbing in each
others arms.

The passing car drove slowly. Bess saw an older couple peering out the
window. Then she saw the woman frantically directing her husband to
keep driving away from here. The action of the old lady caused her to
laugh through her tears. Bess led Pam back to her seat and ran back to
the drivers side of the car. As they pulled back into the street, Pam
continued to sob and softly repeat like a mantra, "I'm bad... you're
right, men want to do dirty things with me... I deserve to be
punished... I'm sorry... I love you Bess... I'm soooo bad... I like
looking and touching myself... I'm so bad..."

Bess, now recovered said, "Yes, Pam. You need to be punished. You only
think about your own needs. You need to be taught about sex, taught
about my needs. I'm going to train you so you can fulfill all of what
we both want from you." Jake had been right. Pam needed training and
discipline, more than what she had endured already.

Finally Bess stopped the car again. She handed Pam her what was left of
her clothes, along with her low heeled shoes. "Put them on, Pam. I'm
taking you home. Your home with Bill and the girls. But starting
Sunday, my house will become your training place. Not just for
workouts, but for all the things that we both need. From now on, you
will be a different person at my house and in your room. You won't be
nice sweet Pam, wife and mother. We are going to make you into
something else. We will go further than we have so far, because you
need to. You know that you need to, and it will be wonderful."

"Wonderful," replied Pam softly as she held her clothes in her lap.

Bess helped Pam struggle into the clothes, even unfolding the dress. As
Pam walked in the front door of her house the hem of her dress reached
again to mid-calf and the red lipstick had been wiped away. Except for
the missing panties and hose, Pam entered her house as she left it.
Back to her loving and "nice" family.

Bess drove around the block to her own house and pulled into the
garage. Picking up Pam's high heels from the floor of the car she
realized that it was time for her to go on a shopping spree for Pam.
Plus Jake had given her some ideas about some additional improvements
for Pam's "look."

Bess became excited as she though of all the opportunities to seduce
men Pam was going to provide for her. The excitement was tinged with a
little jealousy. Until now Pam had been all hers, except for the time
with Scotty, but he didn't count, he was just "one of the girls."

Pam tried to understand her emotions. Was she jealous of the attention
Pam got from others? Yes! But she was also jealous of others who might
get to enjoy time with her possession, her pet. She admitted to herself
that she had been jealous of those men tonight. Would she be able to
give up a part of Pam, for even a little while, while she had her own
desires met? Bess didn't know. She really was obsessed with her
neighbor. And she felt more alive than she had in years.

Surprisingly, however, that jealousy of others didn't extend to Bill or
the children. Then it dawned on her. She didn't think of Bill or the
girls as possessing Pam. Certainly not in a physical or sexual way. At
the end of the day, that's what it had finally come down to, using Pam
physically and sexually.

****

Pam spent Saturday with her family. She went through the motions of a
family day. She couldn't get the thought of standing in the bar without
a bra on, or the image of dirty hands reaching in the car window to
touch her most intimate parts, out of her mind.

The Henderson family did some chores around the house. At one point old
Mr. Odom walked across two yards to say hello to Pam as she worked in
her backyard garden. Something about the way he looked at her gave Pam
an uneasy feeling. But he was very friendly, which was unusual. Pam
couldn't remember him saying more than two or three words to either
Bill or herself. Pam cut off the conversation by saying she needed to
go inside. As Pam walked away she heard Mr. Odom say, "Hope to see more
of you, Mrs. Henderson." Pam was so pre- occupied by the conflicting
emotions of the night before and both the thrill and dread of what Bess
had in store for her on Sunday evening, that she didn't think anything
of what he said.

In bed Saturday night, Pam once again initiated sex with her husband.
She was rewarded with an average spousal fuck that gave her a
moderately fulfilling orgasm. Afterwards Bill said something about Pam
missing him when he was on his trip this week. She just said "Uh, Huh"
and began daydreaming about Bess and the always ready 'Mr. Friendly'.

Bess spent her Saturday at the mall buying clothes for her pet and
ended the day stopping at a hardware store and the carpet store next
door, that had done some carpet work in house the year before. She left
each store with several purchases and an evil smile on her lips.

Sunday was more normal for Pam. The family went to church and spent the
afternoon getting ready for the week ahead. The girls doing homework
and Pam getting her pre-school lessons ready.

Sunday for Bess was spent in delicious anticipation of the evening
ahead and the viewing of several porno-videos.

After dinner, with her family absorbed by a TV show, Pam headed across
the yards to Bess'.

Like before she felt a calmness descend on her as she approached the
back door. But tonight there was also an apprehension in her gut.

It was dusk and Pam hadn't even thought about taking her clothes off
outside, but now she was faced with that reality. It was fairly dark so
she wasn't too concerned. As before, she opened the door first. Then
she took off her shoes, bra and panties without exposing herself and
got ready to make the fast dash inside when she pulled her dress off.

Before she undid the buttons of her dress Bess appeared at the door.
Bess calmly took the bra and panties off of the hook and said, "Pam
hand me your dress and come in."

Pam pulled off the dress, handed it to Bess and made a jump for the
open door. But before she was inside Bess slammed the door shut in her
face. Pam heard the lock click shut. She was trapped outside...
exposed...

Pam panicked and immediately looked back at her own home and then the
other houses with lighted windows. She couldn't see any people. It was
getting darker, Pam knocked on the door and begged, "Please Bess, let
me in. Someone might see."

Bess stood at the door looking out the small window at her neighbor.
Then she calmly reached over and flipped the switch of the backyard
floodlights.

Pam was blinded by the glare and stood frozen momentarily. Then she
began pounding on the door.

Sitting at his kitchen window the sudden flash of lights caught Clyde
Odom's attention. He picked up his field glasses. "My, My, Mrs.
Henderson," he thought, "Maybe you should have stayed inside. But I'm
glad you didn't, you are a very attractive woman."

Bess let Pam pound on her back door for a few seconds then she opened
it. Pam burst inside breathing hard. Without giving Pam a chance to say
anything, Bess ordered, "Downstairs, Pam."

Bess looked at the clothes she held in her hand. Then she simply tossed
the clothes out the back door onto the far side of the patio and shut
the door. Smiling she followed Pam to the basement.

Once downstairs Bess said, "Start stretching Pam, we are going to have
a fast workout, but from now on more intense." Pam sat on the mat and
began stretching her legs and arms. Bess removed her own clothes and
squatted next to Pam. "You know I have been touching you a lot lately
when we work out Pam."

"Yes Bess, I like it. It feels good."

Bess reached out and cupped Pam's breast, "I like it too Pam."
Releasing Pam's tit Bess moved her hand down Pam's stomach and cupped
her vulva. Pam jumped. Bess smiled and going further ran a finger
between Pam's pouty pussy lips.

"You have never been a very sexual person, have you Pam?", Bess asked
while she continued to tease Pam's moist slit. "Keep stretching Pam,
don't worry about my hand."

"No, sex has never been that important to me. But in the last month...
well you know Bess... I've been doing things... you know... I like
it... I like you telling me... making me feel sexy... I think about it
a lot... being here is so different than being at home... Ummm... oh."

"Don't have an orgasm Pam," Bess said, withdrawing her hand from Pam's
groin and then cupping her breast once again. "Keep stretching Pam, you
have a work out to get through." Bess continued to stroke Pam's body.
When the stretching was over Pam went to a weight bench to begin her
work out. Bess stayed at her side. As Pam began to lift the weights
Bess stroked her. Again she let her fingers trail gently between Pam's
legs. "Keep working, Pam," said Bess as she used two fingers to gently
squeeze the engorged labia. As Pam shifted the fingers stroked back and
pushed between Pam's fleshy lower buttocks, spreading the crevice and
exposing Pam's puckered anal ring. Bess used a fingernail to gently
tickle the sphincter, then she moved her hand back to Pam's cunt and
continued teasing, pinching, pulling flesh, and partially inserting her
slender fingers. As Pam moved through her workout Bess kept it up.
There wasn't a part of Pam's body that wasn't touched caressed and
excited. Sweat poured off the housewife as she was kept in a very
deliberate sexual frenzy. Bess' fingers were "on her" or "in her" for
the entire one hour workout.

"Pam, while you are here I want you to only think about your body. How
it looks, how it feels. Your body is the center of your universe while
you are here. When you strip off your clothes outside, you are
stripping away everything in your life except your body and pleasing
me. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I understand."

"Good. Now I have a wonderful surprise."

Pam looked at Bess expectantly.

"Oh, I can see that the attention I have given you tonight has made you
eager. Well, do you remember what we did to your tits a few weeks ago?"

Pam immediately remembered the pain and a panicked look crossed her
face.

"Oh, don't worry pet. It will hurt but not like before. Those rubber
bands were just too tight, I'll use something else tonight. Besides I
have a very important reason to bind your tits tonight. Now lay on the
narrow bench like you did before."

Pam unsure and frightened, but completely under the influence of Bess,
did as she was told.

Pam lay on the narrow padded bench. Knowing what was expected, she
arranged her body so that her lovely big breasts straddled each side of
the bench and hung freely. Bess said, "Stay there and don't move, Pam."

Bess got out some of the purchases that she had made on Saturday. First
she moved the table to Pam's feet, then placed two boards that she had
bought between the end of the bench and the table top, creating an
inclined plane. She told Pam to move her legs up onto the boards. This
way Pam was fully supported and wouldn't have to hold herself up.
Tonight Bess needed her to be still for a few minutes and didn't want
her falling, like she had before.

Then she tied Pam's arms behind her back like she did when marching her
about to improve her posture. Using some additional soft cotton rope
Bess looped the rope around Pam's waist and tied her to the bench. The
house wife was immobilized. Once again the blood began to collect at
the lowest point, her conical dangling flesh.

Bess, smiling at her handiwork, sat at Pam's head and began stroking
the wonderful soft pillows that hung so enticingly. She milked the tits
from top to bottom expanding and tightening them. Finally after several
minutes of stoking she pulled out some soft elastic bands from the bag
of purchases. This elastic was designed to go in the leg cuffs or
sleeve cuffs of sweat pants or shirts. Unlike the heavy rubber bands,
this elastic was wider and did not have as much tension. Pam slipped a
circle of elastic around the now taught and sensitive hanging pontoon
of tit. This elastic would restrict the flow of blood, but not entirely
cut it off.

Bess bent over the helpless Pam and kissed her on the cheek, "You know,
Pam, we have been working to improve your body and make you more
attractive. I am going to fix a part of you that being a mother has
made ugly. Even Jake said something about it the other night at the
restaurant, when he saw you without your bra. You must not move at all
for the next 5 minutes or so."

Bess retrieved a small jar of dark liquid from her supplies and,
actually laying on the floor next to Pam, she carefully poured a small
amount of the liquid into to small glass bowls she had brought down
from the kitchen. With great care she placed each of the bowls directly
under each of Pam's hanging breasts. At the hardware store she had
bought various thicknesses of small blocks of wood. Bess, with slow
deliberation, began inserting these bits of wood under each of the
bowls. Raising them off of the floor. With each piece of wood the bowls
were raised closer to Pam's taut tit flesh and brown nipples. Like her
entire breast Pam's nipples were also engorged with blood and had
increased to a much larger diameter than usual. Instead of hard and
rock like, the offending areolas were smooth with no wrinkles. The
exact effect that Bess had hoped for.

Pam could detect a faint chemical smell, but unable to move, quietly
asked Bess what she was doing.

"Don't worry pet, this might sting a little, but I have been assured
that it won't hurt you. Relax, and when I'm done here I promise to make
you feel good."

Pam trusted her protector and trainer implicitly now. She gave up her
fears and concerns to Bess. It had become very easy for her to have her
mind let go of her concerns and let Bess take care of her.

Pam couldn't see exactly what was happening but began to feel a
tingling in her nipples that slowly became a mild burning sensation.
Her sensitive tips were soon immersed in the dark liquid in the bowls.

Bess was very careful that only Pam's nipple came in contact with the
fluid she had picked up at the carpet shop. Once satisfied that every
centimeter of areola was covered and that the pale white surrounding
flesh was not, Bess stood behind Pam and began stroking the delightful
round buttocks. She let her fingers explore the deep crack and find
their way to Pam's asshole and pouty vulva.

"Don't move Pam, just enjoy the sensations. I'm going to keep you here
for a few minutes."

The manipulations of her cunt and asshole by Bess soon made Pam forget
the increasing throb in her nipples. Pam gave herself over to the
delightful ministrations of Bess' gentle fingering. Staying completely
still became more difficult for the bound and helpless housewife. So
she closed her eyes and let her mind wander. Of course her mind now
usually daydreamed about her body and being filled by hard cocks.

Bess kept Pam in this position for almost 10 minutes. By this time the
burning sensation on her tender nipples could not be ignored. Finally
Bess withdrew her wet fingers from Pam's cunt and said, "Just a minute
more and I'll let you up."

Bess sat on the floor and carefully moved the bowls from Pam's
distended tits. Then with a soft cotton cloth she slowly and carefully
wiped the nipples dry. Bess enjoyed touching the tight flesh so much
that she gently ran her hands over the wonderful appendages for a few
moments. She was rewarded with a shiver that ran through Pam's entire
body.

Bess quickly untied Pam from the bench and lowered the boards that kept
the housewife's legs raised. Finally, with the elastic still in place
at the base of Pam's tits, Bess grabbed the straps that held the arms
tied behind Pam's back and lifted her to her feet. Now standing Pam had
her shoulders pulled back, forcing her chest out, and the elastic at
the base of her breasts that forced the tit flesh itself to stand up
and out. The engorged tits had expanded significantly from the blood
that had been forced into them.

Bess made sure that Pam was steady on her feet and then she spun her
possession around so that the two women were facing each other.

Bess' eyes widened and then a broad smile broke out...

The workers at the carpet store had told her that the carpet dye she
had purchased would stain anything permanently. The worker even showed
Bess his splotchy hands where dye had come in contact with his skin
over the years. He said it would come off eventually, but if you didn't
wipe the dye off right away, that the dye would absorb to the deepest
layer of skin. Only the body replacing all the colored skin would
eventually get rid of the color. And that process took months. The
workers also said that the chemicals in the dye would make the skin a
bit tender. The workers warned Bess not to let any of the dye get on
her skin or clothes.

When she had taken the tightly sealed jar of red liquid after being
mixed in the shop, Bess had promised the workers that she would be
careful when covering the stain she claimed was on her carpet. The
workers had wanted to come to the house and do the work themselves,
saying that it should be done by a professional carpet restorer. But
Bess had assured them that she could handle the two little spots she
needed colored, all by herself.

As Pam's chest came into view, Bess hoped that 10 minutes had been
enough time for the dye to be absorbed to the deepest epidermal levels.

"Two dark red spotlights," was the first though Bess had when she
looked at Pam. Pam's arms bound behind her, tits expanded and jutting
up and out, elastic at their base making them bulge and turning them a
soft shade of pink. Topped by blood red nipples that were like small
saucers, and begged to be rubbed. Bess reached up with her hand and
tentatively ran her finger tip across one of her new toys. Just that
touch, a simple contact of skin to skin caused Pam's knees to buckle
and a small orgasm to tighten her stomach. Pam bit her lip and moaned
softly. Regaining her leg strength, Pam stood straight again.

"Such a beautiful red now Pam," Bess said as she gently touched the
other nipple. Bess groaned again and felt another mild orgasm sweep
through her. This time fluid from her pussy began to collect in her
pubic hair.

"My goodness, Pam," said Bess and stroked both nipples at the same
time. Pam groaned and whimpered, her legs became rubbery. Bess caught
her and lowered her to the floor. Laying on her back arms pinned under
her, Pam's tits stood straight up like giant cones of ice cream with a
cherry on top.

Bess had worried that the chemical dye might de-sensitize Pam's
nipples, but it appeared that the chemical had somehow made the
delicate nerves in Pam's areolas more sensitive.

As Pam's orgasm subsided Bess looked down at her "possession", and
said, "Having new sensations my pet? We are going to have a lot of fun
with your body. I hope that you will be able to stand the stimulation.
I guess it doesn't take much to get you off anymore, Pam."

"How do your tits feel, Pam? They have been bound for almost 30
minutes."

Pam shook her shoulders gently as if to test. She couldn't touch them
herself with her arms bound behind her. The shake set up an erotic
swing to and fro of her breasts. She thought for a moment as if trying
to analyze the feeling. "They ache and feel full and huge, but they are
not as painful as they were when you used those tight rubber bands.

Bess smiled as Pam referred to her own breasts in the third person. She
hoped that Pam would be able to disassociate herself from her tits, ass
and cunt. That would make the future more enjoyable for both of them
(Bess and Pam) and both of them (those marvelous breasts that begged
for attention). Bess led Pam upstairs to the shower. Watching Pam's red
tipped balloons move enticingly as she climbed the stairs, Bess knew
that they would look wonderful under the sheer white blouse she had
bought for Pam. The deep red of the nipple would certainly attract men
when she and Pam when out. "No more bras for Pam," Bess thought with a
smile.




Acquisition 11/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Pam and Bess walked up the stairs. Pam was surprised when Bess steered
her towards her own room rather than the master bedroom with the shower.

"Pam, we still have a little time before you need to get back and I can
tell that you are on edge. Lets spend a little time in your room
with 'Mr. Friendly'. We will have enough time to shower in a while."
Bess stopped Pam at the door and untied the housewife's arms. Bess left
the elastic cords on the pink, red tipped breasts. Pam shrugged her
shoulders in a stretching movement to get blood flowing into her arms.
Then she caught her own reflection in the mirror over the vanity. What
a sight, tits expanded and bouncing gently from her movement. While
Bess retrieved the dildo harness, (it was now kept in a dresser drawer
in Pam's room) Pam admired her tits in the mirror. She cupped her hands
under the expanded and taut skin. Careful not to touch her nipples lest
she be wracked by another orgasm, Pam turned and looked at herself from
every direction, actually posing. "Amazing," she thought to
herself, "Who is that creature in the mirror?"

Bess unscrewed the smaller dildo from the inside of the belt. She had
another use for it tonight, besides she would use it later on herself,
after Pam had gone home. Tonight she wanted to keep Pam learning new
things. From now on the time spent with Pam in her house would be non-
stop sexual.

She placed the 6 inch dildo on the floor and also the jar of dye she
had brought with her from the basement. Bess told Pam to get on the
bed. As Pam laid down on her back she continued to run her hands over
her tits. She just loved the feel of them and was lost in her own
little world of experiencing the sensations of her body. Bess stepped
to the vanity and quickly picked up a Q-tip and a small pair of
scissors. The scissors were ones that Pam had brought over to cut off
the split ends from her shoulder length hair.

Bess was ready, after tonight the only "improvement" left to be made in
Pam would be her hair color. Pam didn't know it yet but her daughters
were going to help with that change. Bess had a plan for the end of the
week when Bill was on his business trip.

Bess secured the harness around her waist and gently rubbed some KY
jelly down the length of the dildo. Bess was always very careful to
heavily lubricate the rubber cock so it would always enter her
neighbor's pussy easily. Bess wanted Pam to enjoy the sensations that
accompanied the hard tube entering her body. Essentially, Bess was
training Pam to look forward to being impaled by a phallus.

Pam smiled up at Bess, saw the dildo jutting out from her slender
friends groin and eagerly spread her legs. Her tits were so sensitive
that Pam was already well on her way toward an orgasm.

Bess knelt on the bed between Pam's outstretched thighs. Grabbing Pam's
buttocks, Bess easily lifted her and pulled Pam onto 'Mr. Friendly'.
Pam gave a contented sigh and began squeeze her cunt muscles in time
with the slow, steady thrusts of Bess' hips. In just a few moments Pam
groaned in ecstasy as her first orgasm hit. Bess smiled and continued
to drive her groin into the housewife. Pam quickly recovered and,
wanting more, locked her legs around the slim hips of the athlete.
Under this nonstop assault Pam immediately began building towards
another climax. This one would be much larger than before. Pam's
fingers were now stroking her own red, expanded nipples that were so
prominent and sensitive.

Bess reached down and retrieved the 6 inch rubber phallus that she
usually had wedged into her own body. "Pam," Bess hissed, "put this in
your mouth and suck on it while I fuck you to another orgasm."

Pam didn't really understand what Bess was saying, but with her
impending orgasm she was mouth breathing and was slack jawed. Bess
simply placed the realistic flesh colored dildo head between Pam's lips
and ordered her to suck with her mouth. And Pam did.

Bess could feel Pam's orgasm beginning, so she guided Pam's hands onto
the cock in her mouth. She thrust hard three more times into the
moaning housewife, taking her over the edge. Then Bess slipped down
Pam's body so she was staring into the wet open gash. Her harness
mounted cock had just slipped out of Pam and Bess could look deep into
Pam's cunt. The pussy in front of her eyes was wide open and quivering
in orgasm. Copious amounts of fluid ran from Pam's cunt into the crack
of her ass. Pam was involuntarily tilting her pelvis as if fucking an
invisible lover.

Bess reached down, popped the lid off of the red dye, and quickly
dipped the Q-tip into the chemical. Using her other hand, Bess reached
up and pulled both the elastic bands from Pam's red and expanded tits.
With the pressure released Pam moaned in a combination of pain and
pleasure. She held the rubber cock in her sucking mouth with one hand
while she used her other hand to rub her now unencumbered breasts.

Bess used the fingers on her right hand to spread back Pam's already
open labia. She placed her thumb on the fleshy hood of Pam's clit and
pulled the little foreskin back. Then, very carefully, she touched the
nub of Pam's engorged and prominent clit with the dye covered Q-tip.

The orgasm that Pam had just experienced coupled with the pain and
pleasure of the tit torture, had Pam writhing on the bed
uncontrollably. It took all of Bess' considerable strength to hold the
housewife's thighs apart and carefully apply the dye to Pam's most
sensitive organ.

Bess dropped the Q-tip back into the jar and gently blew on the exposed
and now blood red bud of Pam's sex. She held Pam for several minutes.
Then, when she was sure that the dye wouldn't run, she told Pam that
she could spit out the dildo. Then Bess told her to play with her now
normal sized tits while Bess did a little cleanup.

Pam wasn't sure what Bess had done to her "down there", but the
sensations in her lower body were unlike anything she had felt before
and happily complied with Bess' orders. She actually wanted to jam a
finger into her pussy but satisfied herself with squeezing her tits and
gently pinching her nipples. They had returned to their normal size and
had even gotten hard, but of course they were still dark red.

Bess picked up the little pair of scissors and began to trim Pam's
pubic hair. She didn't want to de-nude Pam's bush, but to clean away
the hair that hid her labia and the now red and sensitive clit. Like
her nipples, Bess wanted to be able to display Pam's sex organs to
whomever she chose. She wanted to make Pam's cunt an open invitation.
And, by doing so, attract men whom she could enjoy herself.

Bess trimmed back the long hair around Pam's wet pussy and cleared a
little circle at the top of Pam's slit around her now easily seen clit.
The remainder of the pubic hair Bess left alone, but made a mental note
to tell Pam to trim herself a little neater from now on.

Rocking back onto her knees, Bess studied her handiwork. "Very nice
Pam, cleaning up your pussy will make it a lot easier for 'Mr.
Friendly' and anything or anybody else to find their way in."

Pam didn't understand the reference, but smiled in post-coital
happiness at her friend. The tingling of the dye was masked by the
manipulation and orgasm of the last few minutes.

Bess laid back down next to Pam and held her gently for a few
minutes. "You're so sexy, my pet," said Bess as she stroked Pam's body.

"Doesn't Bill go out of town soon, Pam?"

"Yes he will be gone Thursday, Friday and Saturday."

"Well, I know that you will stay with the girls on Thursday night since
it is a school night. But why don't we have a slumber party on Friday
at your house? Have each of the girls invite a friend over to spend the
night and I'll come and keep you company. Then, on Saturday, you can
get a sitter and we can have a 'girls night out'. Maybe another nice
dinner."

Pam liked the sound of Bess' plan and readily agreed.

"Let's go get our shower," Bess said in a mater-of-fact tone. "You got
so wet tonight Pam. We will need to really wash you well."

The two women walked hand-in-hand to the shower in the master bedroom.
As she walked, Pam dropped one of her hands to her crotch. She couldn't
understand why she still felt so tingly between her legs. Usually after
a session with Bess she was contented, relaxed and mellow. But tonight,
for some reason, she was still on edge. Maybe the shower would relax
her.

Bess was careful to wash Pam's cunt very carefully with the wash cloth.
She wanted to make sure that the residue of the dye was washed away.
She wanted Pam sensitive and the clit to be obvious to anyone looking
at Pam's open sex glands, but didn't want the chemicals to damage the
delicate sexual tissue. It must have worked, because the wash cloth
made Pam double over in a mini-orgasm when it rubbed against her cunt.
But once Pam's pussy was washed the unsettled look of a person with an
itch disappeared from her face.

Once the shower was over, Bess dressed and told the naked Pam that she
had bought her some gifts. Pam jumped up and down like a little school
girl asking Bess in a pubescent squealing voice, "What did you get me?"
and, "Where are my presents?"

"Why, hanging in your closet, my pet, but we will look at them
tomorrow. You need to go home now."

Pam was crestfallen; she wanted to see her presents now. But she knew
better than to question Bess.

Bess smiled. Teasing Pam was really getting to be lots of fun. And
there we so many ways to tease her.

Only when Pam was back downstairs ready to go home did she once again
begin to think about her family. She really was becoming two different
people, depending on which of "her" houses she was in.

At the back door Pam looked for her clothes. The floodlights were still
on in the backyard and Pam saw her things in a ball on the far side of
the patio.

Pam looked at Bess with a small tear in her eye. "Can I turn off the
lights, Bess?"

"Of course not, Pam. This will help you run faster. I'm sure you can
pick up your clothes on the run and make it to the dark shadows of your
yard before anyone notices. You'll just have to move that ass of yours.
We still have an inch or so to slim off of it, you know!" Bess slapped
Pam's fleshy ass cheek hard enough to leave a faint imprint on the
white skin.

Pam looked nervously out the door as Bess opened it. She would be
completely illuminated as she crossed Bess' yard. Should she stop and
put on her dress as soon as she picked it up, or should she continue
running until she made it to the darkness of her own yard?. She decided
to do the latter. She thanked God that she hadn't turned on her own
backyard lights when she left this evening.

Screwing up her courage, she dashed out the door, covering the distance
to her clothes in 7 fast steps. She scooped up her clothes and
continued running into her own yard. Pam was all the way to the wall of
her house before she stopped. Deep in the shadows she pulled on her
dress and shoes. She stuck her undergarments in a pocket and stood
silently in the dark trying to catch her breath.

Clyde Odom had not moved for over 2 hours. He was rewarded again for
his vigilance. The sight of Mrs. Pam Henderson running, tits bouncing,
was more than he had hoped for. When she bent over on the edge of the
patio he had gotten a great view of her heart shaped ass pointing right
at him. He decided right then that from now on his Gin Rummy Club would
be held at his kitchen table. He knew that Harry and Ralph would enjoy
the show his naked neighbor was putting on. The Rummy Club didn't
usually meet at his house, mostly because his two old buddies couldn't
stand his bitching wife. But he knew when they heard about Mrs.
Henderson that they would be willing to put up with his harpy of a
wife. Clyde had an another idea. It was getting pretty warm since
summer was approaching. Maybe he should get out the old picnic table
and put it up on the property line closest to the Henderson's. He and
his buddies could always play cards there, and be away from his nagging
wife at the same time. Plus they would be a lot closer to the action.

Bess watched until Pam disappeared into the shadows. Then she went
upstairs to find that dildo. Playing with Pam was hard sexy work and
she was very ready for her own release.

Pam stood motionless in the shadows. She was surprised that her pussy
still felt engorged. Maybe running naked across the yards had caused
it. Finally, when her breathing had returned to normal she entered her
house to see her family. The kitchen was empty so she scratched her
crotch for a second before entering the living room. Scratching herself
made her shiver. She tried to ignore the constant throb as she greeted
her family who still watching TV. Pam was already thinking ahead to
Friday. She needed to see if the girls wanted to have some friends over
for a slumber party.




Acquisition 12/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


On Monday, anxious to see what Bess had bought for her, Pam went to
Bess' immediately after her school day was over. Also, knowing that she
would have to disrobe outside, she wouldn't have to worry about her
girls being home.

Once at Bess' backdoor Pam slipped off her clothes and stepped into the
house quickly but not as frantically as before. She was getting used to
the routine and Mr. Odom got an eyeful while sitting at his kitchen
table. He decided to get out the picnic table right then. He knew,
seeing the woman's clothes hanging on the hook beside the door, that
Mrs. Henderson would be coming out the door as naked as she went in.

Once inside Pam rushed up the stairs to her room. She needed to get her
heels on but she also wanted to find out what presents she had.

Bess was waiting for her at the top of the stairs. "Hello, my pet,
you're here early! Are you anxious to see me today?"

"Oh Bess, I'm so excited, I've been itchy and on edge since last night.
I don't know why. I guess I'm excited about seeing what you bought for
me."

"Well, let's go see your closet. It's beginning to get quite full."

Bess draped an arm around Pam's naked waist. As they walked to the
door, she said, "Stand up straight, suck in your stomach, shoulders
back. I need to keep reminding you about posture, don't I Pam?"

"I... I... I'm sorry, Bess. Please don't be mad. I can't stand it when
you are disappointed in me."

Bess dropped her hand to Pam's ass and squeezed hard. "Pam, I work so
hard for you and buy you things. I expect you to follow my directions.
You know how I want you to look. Well, I don't want to ruin our fun, so
you behave now and let's enjoy seeing what presents you have."

Pam crossed to her closet and opened the doors. She immediately picked
up the heels from the floor and strapped them onto her feet. As she
bent at the waist Bess slowly caressed the billowy ass of her
possession. She really felt like Pam's ass belonged to her. Beautiful
buttocks to touch, caress or paddle at her whim. Bess even let her
fingers run down the crack between the fleshy globes. Bess was
gratified when Pam simply went about the task of putting on the shoes
without even looking up to see what Bess was doing. "I am beginning to
get her trained," Bess thought.

Pam stood up straight. Now she was a foot taller than her neighbor. She
was careful to keep her shoulders back and red tipped breasts thrust
forward. Then Pam looked with glee into the closet. On hangers was the
original workout outfit she had yet to wear. The white silk nightgown.
The white nylon jogging shorts, sports bra and tank top were folded on
a shelf. Hanging at the end of the closet was a sheer white silk
blouse, a short black skirt, and a formal looking red dress. On the
floor were Pam's sneakers and another pair of 4 inch heels, their red
hue matching the dress.

"Oh my! All for me, Bess?"

"Yes, my pet. I also have some thigh high stocking to match these
outfits, in your dresser."

"What about underwear, Bess? My stuff from home won't match these nice
things."

In an authoritarian voice Bess responded, "Pam we don't want to ruin
the look of these clothes with panty or bra lines. Why do you think it
is so important for you to be nice and firmed up? You won't need to
wear anything under these clothes after we get a few more pounds off of
you."

"Can I try them on?" Pam asked, like a child at Christmas.

"Sure. First let's put on a pair of your new stockings."

Pam sat on the bed and removed her shoes while Bess opened a drawer and
pulled out a pair of black hose with a lacy elastic top. Handing them
to Pam, Bess watched as the housewife crossed her legs to reach her
feet with the stockings. Bess smiled as Pam had to spread her legs to
reach her toes. There it was! Just peeking out from behind its hood, a
bright red spot. Pam's clit looked slightly engorged. Bess knew that
with very little stimulation the bright red bud would stand up and be
very noticeable. Pam was careful not to run the stockings. After she
had them both on she stepped back into her heels and was ready to try
on clothes. While waiting for Pam to finish with the stockings Bess
popped a porno video into the little TV. "May as well keep her turned
on," Bess thought.

Bess handed Pam the white blouse and black skirt. Pam loved the feel of
the expensive, silky blouse against her skin. The dress, while short,
was very nice. Bess had purchased very nice clothes. She wanted Pam to
look sexy, not cheap like a streetwalker. She wanted Pam to help her
attract well-to-do, sophisticated, powerful men, not low-life, blue
collar bums.

Pam looked at herself in the mirror. The clothes felt wonderful as
expensive clothes usually do, but the skirt only reached mid thigh and
the bright red nipples that Pam now sported were clearly visible
through the blouse.

"Bess, I don't know, I'm not sure if I can wear this anywhere. I mean
this would be OK for a single woman, who was still young, but..."

"God damn it, Pam..." Bess interrupted in a harsh voice, "This is the
thanks I get? I spend my money..." Bess shook her head in mock
anger. "Pam, I'm disgusted with you. Hang up those clothes! This party
is over."

Bess stomped to the door, then, looking back at a crestfallen and teary
eyed Pam said, "Come downstairs after you put the clothes back, and
bring 'Mr. Friendly' and some KY Jelly with you."

Bess stomped her way downstairs to punctuate her displeasure.

In just a few minutes Pam was gliding down the stairs wearing only her
heels. She looked like a little girl who had just been scolded by her
mother. A big titted, naked, obscenely sexy little girl. She was
greeted by Bess, holding the paddle. Bess snatched the dildo and
lubricant from Pam's hand and said, "You ungrateful bitch, assume the
position over the arm of the couch."

Pam sniffed back a tear and draped herself over the stuffed couch arm.
Bess smacked Pam's ass repeatedly with the paddle, stating, "You must
do what I say Pam... You know that I will take care of you. Never...
never... never question me." Each word was punctuated with a smack of
the paddle.

Pam's ass was beginning to color and she was squirming under the
barrage. Bess could tell that Pam was getting wet between her thighs.
Bess kicked Pam's legs further apart with her foot. While Pam moaned
from the punishment, Bess leaned down and squirted some lubricant onto
the dildo and, reaching between Pam's legs, tried to insert it into
her. The position was awkward. Paddling with one hand and trying to
find the opening to her cunt was impossible. Frustrated by her
clumsiness, Bess finally told Pam to reach under her body with her hand
and guide the dildo into herself. Pam, crying in shame, embarrassment
and pain, did as she was told and guided the slick rubber cock into her
cunt channel. It slipped in easily. Pam adjusted her position on the
arm to get more comfortable. Standing behind Pam, Bess continued to
paddle but she smiled to herself. She could see only an inch of the
flesh colored dildo extending out of Pam's labia.

She spanked Pam several more times then got the strap that she used to
bind Pam and tightly bound Pam's arms behind her back. Pulling Pam to
her feet she ordered the housewife to walk around the room
with, "...proper posture, and you had better not let 'Mr. Friendly'
slip out or you will get your ass whipped even harder."

Standing, Pam tried to make herself fully erect. Her shoulders were
strapped back, pushing her tits out, but she had to remain slightly
bent at the waist. The hard phallus in her cunt put pressure on her
insides and she didn't think she could straighten up completely. Bess
yelled, "Stand up straight!" Pam tried, but in doing so the tightness
of her stomach muscles and angle of her very wet vagina forced the 8
inch dildo half-way out. Now she was able to stand up straight but had
to flex her cunt muscles to hold the dildo and keep it from slipping
all the way out."

With sweat breaking out on her forehead Pam begged, "Bess, it's going
to slip out. What do you want me to do?"

"That's better Pam. I like it when you ask me what to do. Don't let it
slip out or you'll pay."

"Bess, with my arms tied I can't reach it, help me."

"Pam, why don't you just straddle the arm of the couch and push it back
in yourself? I think if it goes all the way in you will be able to hold
it better."

Pam did as she was told. When she spread her legs to mount the couch
the dildo slipped out another inch. It almost fell from her wet snatch.
But by flexing her vagina as hard as she could the slipping phallus
stopped and hung two thirds out of her furry box. Carefully Pam rested
the base of the fake cock on the arm and slowly lowered herself down.
It slipped easily back into her. When her sensitive clit came in
contact with the rough material of the couch Pam moaned and rubbed her
pussy against the furniture fabric. The dildo disappeared completely
into the housewife. She had been fucked with this dildo many times by
Bess so its size and shape were familiar. Pam's pussy accepted the
phallus as if it were an old friend.

Pam had a small orgasm, then tried to stand again. Again, once she
stood straight the dildo slipped out of her from the internal pressure.
Pam remounted the couch arm and pressed the cock back into herself.
Again she stood and the dildo slipped out again. But this time Bess
noted that not as much of the fuck toy appeared at Pam's outer labia.
Pam remounted the arm and pressed the cock back in. The process was
repeated several more times. Each time Pam rubbed her sensitive and
itchy clit on the couch fabric, giving herself little electric like
jolts. Finally, Pam stood erect and none of the dildo could be seen.

"Very good, Pam. You are getting used to it, aren't you?"

"Yessss, Bess, I can feel it up inside me. I can keep it in now by
holding it with my... my..."
"Your fucking cunt, Pam. Say it! Say 'my fucking cunt'."

"Oh, Yessss, My fucking cunt... my fucking cunt."

"Good, now walk around the room. Lets play 'naked housewife on parade'
and keep 'Mr. Friendly' deep inside you. See if by walking you can make
yourself cum, Pam."

The housewife began to slowly walk around the room, with Bess swatting
her on her ass with the paddle as she passed by. Pam learned to walk
easily, and only had to mount the couch arm once to push the dildo back
into herself. That happened when she had a particularly strong orgasm.

After several long minutes of the 'parade,' Bess had Pam stop. She
unbound the housewife's arms and told her to sit next to her on the
couch. Bess hit the remote control and the ever present porno video
began playing on the big screen TV. This particular video was a 'gang-
bang' story with a lot of close-ups of cocks sliding into a well-used
pussy.

Bess held Pam close and enjoyed the feeling when Pam wrapped her arms
around her in a loving and contented manner.

The two sat silently only half watching the movie. Bess reached down
and probed Pam's pussy, trying to find the blunt end of the dildo.
Feeling Bess' searching fingers Pam contracted her cunt and an inch of
the cock popped into Bess' palm. Bess smiled at Pam and said, "Very
good control Pam." Bess then gently took control of the dildo and
slowly began to run it in and out of her friend. After a few minutes
Bess withdrew the rubber cock and placed it in Pam's hand. Bess pushed
down her shorts and panties, kicking them off of her feet. Bess spread
her legs and moved Pam's hand over to her cunt. The dildo was slick
with Pam's juices, so when Bess used her fingers to spread her pussy
lips Pam was able to insert it easily into her friend. Bess let her
hand drop back onto the couch and said softly, "That's right, my pet,
fuck me with it."

Pam didn't hesitate. She wanted to give Bess pleasure. Whatever
reservation she had at one time about Bess' sex organs had disappeared
in the desire to make her friend, her director-- dare she think the
word? her master-- feel good. Pam was happy now to stoke the cock into
Bess, just the way that Bess had done to her.

It was a sweet surrender for Pam. Another bridge had been crossed. As
she gently manipulated the cock in and out of Bess, Pam found herself
rubbing her own dark red and sensitive nipples with her free hand. Both
women closed their eyes and enjoyed the sensations.

Bess reached a small orgasm and leaned over and kissed Pam on the
cheek. Holding Pam's hand with her own, Bess removed the dildo from
herself and directed it back to Pam's still open thighs. Pam,
understanding, inserted the dildo back into herself. It was wet with
Bess' cunt secretions and Pam felt that in a way, with their juices
mingling inside of her, that they were sharing something very precious.
Pam stroked herself several times, then Bess again directed her hand
with her own and guided the dildo back to her own gaping pussy. Several
more stokes inside of Bess then back again to Pam. Now Pam understood
what Bess wanted. So as Bess sank lower onto the couch and shifted so
that the two women's legs were entwined with cunts next to each other,
Pam began to move the dildo back and forth between the two open and
sopping fuck holes. Pam would stroke the dildo deeply into herself and
then into Bess. Back and forth plunging into each open hole. Pam got a
rhythm and began moving faster and faster. The dildo almost seemed to
be getting warmer from the friction of the two clinging pussy walls
Soon both women were screaming in orgasm. Dropping the dildo, Pam and
Bess hugged each other hard, enjoying the special moment.

After a few minutes of recovery the two naked women, still holding each
other, looked at the TV. The movie showed a busty blond licking a large
cock from hairy balls to pre-cum covered tip. Bess reached down and
picked up the dildo that lay gleaming with wetness between the four
tangled legs. Bess held it up to Pam's face and slipped the wet pungent
tasting tip into Pam's mouth. Bess slid the head of the cock in and out
slightly then ran its length across her neighbors pursed lips. Pam
immediately began to lick the wet female ejaculate from the rubber
tube. Laving her tongue over the rubber. Licking every sweet tasting
inch. Bess smiled and reached down to find Pam's sensitive red clit. "I
wonder just how depraved I will be able to make this woman?" Bess
thought as Pam stiffened her body as Bess' finger found the tender red
bud that was tingling the housewife constantly now.

A few minutes passed. The Bess put her panties and shorts back on and
instructed Pam to do some mundane housework chores for her. Including
cleaning the stains from Pam's cunt on the arm of her good couch. The
women talked as Pam worked. Pam told Bess that the girls were excited
about the slumber party on Friday night and that she didn't need to get
a sitter for Saturday because the girls were going to stay at the house
of one of the girls they invited on Friday. The kids were going to make
a weekend of it. So Pam would have all day Saturday until Sunday
afternoon to spend with Bess if she wanted her to.

"Yes, my pet! Of course I want you with me. I want you with me as much
as possible. We will have so much fun together."

Soon it was time for Pam to go and pick up her daughters. Bess walked
with her to the back door. On a table next to the door Bess placed the
dildo and the tube of KY jelly. "Pam, you were able finally able to
keep 'Mr. Friendly' inside of you. And you seem to be so itchy in your
cunt these days, I think I need to help you some more. From now on,
after you come inside, I want you to put him inside before you do
anything else. You should be able to do all of your chores and
exercises and keep him buried inside of you with no problem. Maybe it
will help with your itch." Then in her demanding voice she added, "Do
you understand?"

Pam looked down and quietly said, "Yes, Bess."

Pam turned to go out the door, looking out at the bright sunshine she
saw a reflection a short distance off. Looking more carefully she
realized that old cantankerous Mr. Odom was sitting at a picnic table a
backyard away looking intently at Bess' backdoor. Pam jumped away from
the window.

"What's wrong, Pam?"

"Bess, I can't go out there. Mr. Odom is sitting, watching your house."

"That old pain in the ass! Stay here Pam, I'm going to see what he is
doing. You just wait right here until I get back."

Pam stepped further away from the door and Bess opened it and stomped
purposefully over to the old man.

Pam shut the door and peeked out the window. She couldn't hear what was
being said, but both Bess and Mr. Odom were talking with animated
gestures.

At the table two strong willed people were having verbal combat.

"You old goat, Odom. What are you doing spying on my house?"

"Hey, I don't know what you and your sick friend are up to, but I'm
still on MY property. I can do any damn thing I want to."

"I think you're a 'Peeping Tom,' Odom. I have half a mind to call the
cops and get a restraining order on you."

"My, My, that is the pot calling the kettle black. I've been subjected
to Mrs. Henderson's nudity right in my own house, looking out my own
window. I'm the one who should call the cops. After all, there are
public decency laws in this city."

"Well, it looks like you haven't called anybody. You're just getting
your jollies at Pam's expense."

"That's right, but unless you want to explain what the hell is going on
in your place, I wouldn't call anybody if I were you. In fact, I was
thinking about calling your ex. I'll bet he would like to know about
your new relationship. He might be able to get off the alimony hook. If
what I think is going on in there really is."

"You son of a bitch, Odom. You can sit there all you want. You aren't
gonna see another damn thing. I'll put up a big fence if I have to."

"Hey, why go to that expense? I'm not going to hurt anybody. And if you
let me watch Mrs. Henderson's comings and goings, I won't say anything
to her husband. It would be a shame to bust up that nice family. Those
two sweet little girls and all. But maybe I should tell somebody. How
fit a mother can she be, parading around your back yard naked as a jay
bird?"

Bess hated to be gotten the best off, particularly by an old man like
Odom. But her affection for Pam and the girls made her vulnerable to
his pressure.

"OK, Odom, I'll tell you what. You don't say anything to anybody about
this and you can sit at your table and watch, but remember this sword
cuts both ways. One little bit of trouble or a single word from you and
I'll be having a nice talk with your bitchy wife about your liking to
look at your female neighbors. I know that she can make your life a
living hell."

Odom thought to himself, his wife already made his life a living
hell. "All right, it's a deal. I get to see her coming and going, and I
won't say or do a thing. But can you slow her down a little? She is so
fast, I hardly get to enjoy the view."

"Yeah, on one condition. Before she comes out you check to make sure
nobody else is around or looking. Then give us the thumbs up sign. I'll
slow her down, and you, you old bastard, will have a real treat for
your eyes."

"It's a deal!" The old man and the dominator of Mrs. Pam Henderson
shook hands.

As Bess walked back to the house, she thought, "This might work out OK.
Getting Pam to be seen naked by other people than herself or Scotty was
probably a good idea. It would break down more of the housewife's
inhibitions. And old Clyde Odom wasn't likely to cause any real
problems for them. Now, I just need to get Pam to agree. Hell, she
doesn't need to agree, she will do it because I tell her to."

Pam soon found herself standing naked in Bess' open back door. Clyde
Odom had given the thumbs up sign that the 'coast was clear'. Pam,
following Bess orders and completely humiliated, stood naked under the
old man's gaze.

Pam was blushing and crying softly. Bess had told her to do this, she
had no choice, but why? How could Pam ever think of herself now as
anything but an exhibitionist. Why would Bess share her like this. Bess
had explained her conversation with Mr. Odom, but there had to be
another way.

As Pam stepped down onto the patio, Bess stood in the door and
said, "See? It's not so bad. Think of the pleasure you're giving that
old man. You are making his day. Hell you're making his year. This is
what you are good for, Pam. Everyone loves you and wants you, you know
that. Stick your tits out for him. Be proud of your body. It's the only
real gift you have, you know. This is wonderful; enjoy the opportunity
to do something nice for me and Mr. Odom."

Bess twisted the knife in Pam's psyche, tearing her self-confidence
down and building it back up as a sex object. The housewife responded
by throwing her shoulders back and dressing slowly. Letting Odom enjoy
the moment. She was still humiliated, and she couldn't make herself
look up at the old man seated at the table. But she got through it. She
even smiled to herself when Bess said from the door, "I'll bet you gave
him a hard-on. See you tomorrow, Pam." Still blushing, Pam walked on
weak legs to her own home. She was grateful when her door shut behind
her, hiding her now clothed body from the burning eyes of Mr. Clyde
Odom.

"Damn, the tits and the nipples on that bitch were incredible," thought
Mr. Odom as he shifted in his seat. He felt his old wizened cock stir a
little and that hadn't happened in months. Bill Henderson was sure a
lucky man, married to a piece of ass like that.




Acquisition 13/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Pam could hardly look at her family that night. She was so embarrassed
about being seen naked by their neighbor. She prayed that Bill and the
girls would never find out. Also, she continued to have a constant
throb in her vagina. She couldn't understand it, but was actually
anxious to get back to Bess' tomorrow knowing that she would be filling
herself up with 'Mr. Friendly'. The fake penis seemed to be the only
thing that helped. In bed that night with Bill, she found herself
softly stroking between her legs. Doing that seemed to calm her a
little; she just hoped Bill wouldn't recognize the smell of her wet
pussy. Not likely, since she kept her nightshirt on. God only knows
what she would say if he noticed her dark red nipples.

The next day Pam again went to Bess' right after work. This gave her
more time with the girls after school and she didn't have to worry
about them seeing her disrobe outside. But as she left her house she
was not surprised to see Mr. Odom sitting at the picnic table in the
closest corner of his yard. Her heart sank when she saw him, but she
was not surprised.

"Hello, Mrs. Henderson, beautiful day isn't it?" Mr. Odom asked the
rhetorical question with sarcasm in his voice.

Pam didn't want to acknowledge his presence, but there was no way
around it. They both knew why he was sitting there. "Yes it is, Mr.
Odom."

"You're visiting your friend again today, Mrs. Henderson?"

Unable to meet the older man in the eye Pam answered, "Yes, we work
out... do exercises together."

"Oh, is that what you do. Well I'll just sit right here while you get
ready to exercise. Can I help you get ready?"

"Stop it, Mr. Odom," Pam screamed, "I can't stop you from sitting there
but I don't have to talk to you."

Amused that Pam was upset, Odom laughed. Then he thought about it and
his basic SOB nature took over. "You think you're so much better than
an old man like me. Well I'll have you know that I won't put up with
any guff from you or your friend. I just want to see your body, so why
don't you be nice and strip. And don't forget, I'll be waiting right
here when you come back out later."

Pam burst into embarrassed tears. Crying she sobbed, "Why are you doing
this?"

"Why else, I want to see your tits, ass and pussy. Why don't you come
over here and show me real close-up?"

"Just leave me alone," Pam cried. But she began to unbutton her dress.

"All right girlie, now you're doing right. I guess it's show time."

Now angry, Pam pulled off her dress. Despite her embarrassment she
looked right at the evil Mr. Odom and unhooked her bra. Defiantly she
slipped it down her arms, then pushed her panties down. She turned and
hung her clothes on the hook by the door.

Once naked and vulnerable, her courage vanished. She thrust her arm
across her breasts and covered her pubic area with her other hand.
Crying, she wrestled the door open. As she stepped into the house she
could hear Mr. Odom laughing and saying, "See you soon!"

Pam stood by the door regaining her composure. Taking off her clothes
in front of that mean old man was so humiliating for the wife and
mother. She stood and sobbed... Then she saw the dildo laying on the
table. Her shame and embarrassment was pushed from her mind as the
throbbing in her pussy took over. "Oh, thank God," she thought, "maybe
now I can get some relief."

Pam picked up the dildo and looked at it almost lovingly. "I want it in
me," she thought. Then she realized what she was thinking, "God, what's
happening to me?" She felt shame and guilt for a moment. But she
couldn't get the thought of relieving herself out of her mind. All she
wanted was to thrust the rubber cock into herself as far as she could.
She was so confused. Then she thought, "Bess wanted her to do this.
Bess told her to so she had to do it." This rationalization that her
neighbor had ordered her to do it gave her the justification she
needed. Pam grabbed the KY jelly and squirted some onto the dildo. She
stopped thinking. Her world narrowed. All that existed was her aching
cunt and the dildo. She slipped to the floor and guided the dildo into
her needy cunt. "It feels so good," she thought.

Bess found Pam laying on the floor next to the back door. Legs spread
wide, dildo being thrust in and out with one hand while the other hand
pinched one of her red nipples. Pam was softly saying, "fuck... fuck...
fuck..." over and over. She was oblivious to everything except getting
herself off. Before Bess could say anything to Pam, she noticed a
shadow passing across the back door window. She glanced out and saw Mr.
Odom quickly crossing her patio headed for his own yard.

"Oh shit," thought Bess, "I really need to get control of this
situation."

Looking down at her charge, Bess felt a real love for the masturbating
housewife. "I really do need to take firm control of her," she
thought. "I need to take the control as much as she needs to be
controlled." Bess was angry, at first at Pam, but then at herself. Bess
realized that Pam had too much freedom. Bess worried that Pam might get
herself into some real trouble. Getting Pam into trouble was OK, but it
needed to be at Bess' whim. Bess needed to make the decisions about how
Pam behaved. It was unbelievable that things had gotten so out of
control. Pam was lying on the floor masturbating while an old voyeur
watched through the window. As much as the situation turned Bess on,
she had not directly controlled it. That is what had to change. She
didn't mind Pam frigging herself to orgasm or the old reprobate Odom
watching. But it needed to be at her direction under her control.

"Pam, stop!" ordered Bess. "Don't move."

The housewife immediately froze in mid-stroke. The dildo hung half-in
half-out of her wet gash. The red tipped clit was expanded and exposed.
Pam hair was wild, spread on the floor. Pam was biting her lip; she
wanted to finish herself so bad she could hardly hold still

"You should look at yourself Pam."

"Bess, please... please. I need to cum... "

"I told you to put it in and keep it in, not play with yourself. Now
slip 'Mr. Friendly' all the way in and take my hand. I'm going to help
you get up off the floor. You can use your other hand to hold it in you
for now."

Bess easily pulled Pam to her feet. The housewife kept one of her hands
at her groin, holding the cock inside of her. She stood like a little
girl who had to pee. Pam's thighs were locked together, she was
slightly bent and she shifted her weight from side to side. The
movement caused her breasts to sway in a most enticing way. Dark red
nipples hard and begging for attention.

Bess shook her head, "Pam, we need to talk right now. Don't you dare
have an orgasm. Come with me!" Bess reached up and took one of Pam's
nipples between her forefinger and thumb. Squeezing down on the hard
red pebble, she led Pam to the living room, like a mother leads a bad
little boy by pulling on his ear.

Bess asked Pam, "Can you sit on the couch with that cock inside of you
Pam?"

"I think so, Bess. If I take it slow."

"Good, do it." Bess began pacing back and forth in front of the couch
as Pam gingerly sat down. Moaning softly and biting her lip. The most
comfortable position for Pam ended up being leaning slightly forward.
This actually drove the dildo into her much deeper. It was far enough
in to be past the initial upward curve of her vagina. But the tip of
the rubber phallus felt like it was pushing against her stomach deep in
her body. Pam felt stuffed with cock. But it wasn't going anywhere.
Leaning forward for comfort Pam waited expectantly for Bess to talk
with her.

"Pam, I am going to punish you for that little scene by the back door."
Deciding that she really needed to humiliate Pam before she took her
level of control to new heights she added, "Did you know that Old Mr.
Odom was standing at the back door looking in the window?" Pam's face
fell. "No, of course you didn't, because you couldn't control
yourself." Pam felt terror grip her. Pam thought, "Oh my God. That evil
old man had seen me f... f... f-fucking myself with the dildo. Oh, I
can never face anyone ever again." Deep shame welled up inside Pam.

"Now I can tell that you are feeling bad and humiliated about what you
have done. But I must confess, it is not all your fault."

Pam suddenly felt a glimmer of hope. Maybe her life wasn't over. Bess
would help her. Thank God for Bess. Without her Pam would be nothing.
Surly Bess would make it all right.

Bess continued, "Listen carefully, this is the last time you will ever
hear me say that I was wrong. But I have been. I have worked hard to
make you a better person Pam. You know that you needed my help. Your
life means so much more now than it did before. So don't worry about
Mr. Odom or anything else. I am responsible for it, for everything. If
I asked that old man to come in here right now, sure you would be
embarrassed, but it would be my doing not yours. You couldn't do
anything about it. So be humiliated and ashamed, but you never have to
blame yourself. To make sure we don't lose control ever again I am
going to set some new rules for us. NEW RULES for YOU, Pam! I already
decide what you eat and what you wear when you are with me. I control
your body in this house. From now on I want to make your life easier. I
will tell you what to wear all the time, I will tell you what to buy, I
will tell you when to sleep, I will tell you when to make love to your
husband. I will tell you when to have an orgasm Pam. I will tell you
everything. If you're not sure, you will always ask my permission
before you do anything."

Pam actually had a look of relief on her face.

Bess stopped pacing and stroked Pam's hair gently. "You are mine Pam.
You are my possession. You will do what I say. Do you understand?"

"Yes Bess, thank you... "

"Pam what do your rug-rats call you at school when you teach them?"

"Well they are young and it is hard for them to say, Mrs. Henderson, so
the call me 'Miss Pam".

"When you are the teacher you are called Miss Pam. I like that. I'm
your teacher, Pam. From now on I want you to... No, I mean you WILL
call me Miss Bess. Do you understand?"

"Yes Miss Bess!" Pam replied meekly.

"And I will continue calling you 'Pet'. Because I have to train you and
take care of you like a Pet, don't I?"

"Yes Miss Bess."

"Good now we understand each other much better. I love you, Pet. Show
me that you love me."

Pam didn't know what Bess wanted. She looked confused.

"Hug my legs, Pet."

Pam immediately slipped to her knees on the floor and threw her arms
around Bess' legs. The dildo slipped, but did not fall out. Bess looked
down at the round naked buttocks of Pam. They were becoming very
shapely from the workouts. The twin globes of her ass looked so
inviting that Bess had to stop herself from reaching down and tickling
the crack. She wanted to keep up the controlling image, not give Pam
any clue that she wasn't mad at her.

"Very good, Pet. Since you started on the floor roll over and finish
yourself with the dildo. I'm going to start my work out."

Bess popped a porno into the VCR, "Watch the movie and don't come
downstairs until you have had an orgasm." Bess kicked Pam away from her
legs the way you might kick at a dog humping your leg. She headed
towards the basement. "No, don't come down until you fuck yourself to
two orgasms. I want the edge off of you. After all, you still need to
be punished. And remember, today is measurement day."

Bess looked over her shoulder as she walked away. Pam had rolled onto
her back and raised both knees to her chest. She was digging around in
her cunt with both hands trying to grasp the blunt end of the dildo. It
was so slick with wetness and so deep inside of her that it took Pam
holding her labia open with one hand and inserting two fingers of the
other hand to try and grasp the cock. She actually ended up forcing the
dildo out to her fingers by contracting the walls of her vagina.

Fifteen minutes later Pam descended the stairs covered with a sheen of
sweat.

"Pet, let's do our workout quickly, then the paddle for you before we
check your measurements. Don't look forward to the paddle today. I'm
going to really redden your ass."

"Miss Bess?"

"Yes Pet."

"Can I take 'Mr. Friendly' out yet?"

Smiling at the unexpected question, Bess replied, "Of course, Pet. You
could hurt yourself doing some of these exercises with it inside you."

Pam watched in amazement as Pam squatted and expelled the dildo, as if
she were pissing in the woods. Pam had walked down the stairs and stood
there perfectly straight. Bess had not noticed or even thought that Pam
still had the dildo inside of her. "WOW," was all Bess could think to
herself.

The workout progressed quickly. When all of the exercises were done
Bess ordered her Pet to "assume the position."

Bess gave Pam the hardest paddling yet. She continued until a crying
Pam began to beg her to stop. Pam screamed, "STOP! STOP! I can't take
any more." But the wetness between her thighs told Bess a different
story.

"I love you. Pet, This is for your own good," and the paddle fell
again. Pam's cries turned into whimpers, then it became quiet. The only
sound was the smack of the paddle. Pam's ass was rotating on the narrow
bench. her mind had gone blank and for the first time the pain of
punishment seemed to disappear from Pam. In the past, being paddled had
excited her because she was humiliated and ashamed. She felt like she
deserved to be punished. She still felt that way but now Pam had truly
entered a new zone. She felt as if she were surrounded by blackness and
only the sting of the paddle was real. It spread a warmth to her
insides. Pam had another orgasm. The pain and pleasure had, on this
day, become one.

Bess stopped, she was breathing hard from the exertion and the feeling
of power.

Pam's ass looked like raw hamburger. Bess was concerned, but didn't say
anything. Maybe she had gone too far. But then Pam crawled off the
bench and threw herself at Bess' feet.

"Thank you, Miss Bess, Thank you."

Bess realized that Pam was a lot more resilient than she had thought.
Taking that whole fake cock, having her ass pounded, was impressive in
its own way. Or maybe Bess was transforming this person she had taken
possession of. Pam who had been the mousy, poor self-concept mother,
wife and teacher. Pam had greater capacities than either of them knew.

The two women went through the measuring routine. Pam was almost at her
goals. She only had five more pounds to loose. Her waist was only a
half an inch away from its goal. Her hips were going the slowest, but
progress had even been made there. Her chest measurement was the same.
But Bess knew that with a little elastic band tit torture, she could
increase Pam's cup size anytime she wanted.

Bess praised Pam, "Very good, Pet. You are beginning to look like a
real woman, not the overweight middle-aged good for nothing frump that
you were. You can be proud of your progress. But don't be too proud,
you're not there yet. You must keep doing exactly as I say."

"Yes. Miss Bess. Thank you, Miss Bess."

Pam was genuinely happy to be praised by her younger neighbor.

"Let's go upstairs, I need to doctor your ass Pet, then we can take our
shower."

Bess was gentle with Pam. She took her time in the shower and carefully
applied a soothing cream to the beet red ass that was stretched out on
her bed afterwards. Bess walked with the naked Pam to the back door. At
the door Bess said, "Pet, I don't want you having sex with Bill until
tomorrow night. That's the last night before his trip. I'll give you
more instructions about that tomorrow." Pam nodded her head in
acceptance as Bess took over the most intimate part of her married life.

"Tomorrow come over in the evening, after dinner. You know what to fix
for meals, right?"

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"Good, I'll make some more lists for you tonight and we can go over
them tomorrow." After a pause and a quick hug Bess continued, "Mr. Odom
is outside. I know that you are going to be embarrassed. You should be!
A wife and mother showing herself off to an old man. But remember I
want you to do it. You know how sexy you are and I want him to see. So
don't try to hide yourself and let him get a good look at your body.
Now go. And don't forget, I expect you to do everything I say. After
all, you know that you want to and need to."

Bess opened the door and waved at Mr. Odom, sitting at the table. He
gave a thumbs up, and Bess stepped aside and ushered Pam out the
door. "Have a good evening, Pet."

Bess shut the door, but watched Pam slowly get dressed under Mr. Odom's
watchful eye. She took her time, and Bess could see that she was
blushing deeply. The housewife hung her head in shame as she walked
towards her house.

Bess could hear Odom say something to Pam that made her scurry faster
to her own back door.

Clyde Odom, called out, "Hey, Mrs. Henderson. Doesn't Bill give you
enough at home?" The reference to the dildo was clear. After Pam was
gone he got up and walked into his own house. On the way he decided
that tomorrow he would invite his buddies over to play some cards on
his picnic table.




Acquisition 14/38 (BDSM, NC, WS, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


By the time Pam got the girls home from school she was in tears from
the pain of having to sit and drive her car. She had to remain standing
most of the afternoon and evening. In the bathroom that night she
looked at her ass in the mirror. It was still red and had some
splotches of darker color that were becoming bruises. A constant
reminder of her subservience to "Miss Bess."

That night Bill noticed that Pam was distant, but when he asked she
simply said that she would miss him when he went on his trip. Bill
bought the lie and Pam felt guilty about deceiving him. But she found
that it wasn't hard to do. He was so trusting and naive, just the way
Pam was, or used to be.

The next afternoon Mr. Odom and his two retired friends played cards on
the picnic table. Pam smiled to herself when she saw the men from her
kitchen window. She knew that she wasn't going to be going to Bess'
until later. Tonight she wouldn't rush over. She would make sure it was
completely dark. And she would sneak over, staying in the shadows.
Putting one over on the evil old man made her feel good.

Clyde Odom was pissed off. He had gotten his friends to come over,
promising them a sight that they wouldn't believe. When Pam didn't show
up all afternoon his cronies finally went home, giving the old man a
hard time. Well, he would have to do something about this. He made
plans to go over to Bess' house himself and find out what was going on.

After dinner Pam did the dishes, then told her family she was going to
visit Bess. She caught herself before she said, "Miss Bess." She walked
in the dark as far away from Mr. Odom's house as she could.
Fortunately, Bess hadn't put on her outside lights. She quickly
stripped off her clothes and entered the house. Clyde Odom had picked
the wrong time to go to the bathroom. He missed his show.

Inside the back door Pam once again found the dildo and lubricant
waiting on the table. Not wanting Bess to find her on the floor again
Pam checked the window to make sure Mr. Odom hadn't come over, then
simply raised her right foot and placed it on the table top. The
exercises and stretching had made her flexible. Pam carefully
lubricated the dildo and inserted the tip between her exposed pussy
lips. Having her leg raised so high Pam's cunt was stretched and very
tight. She had to push hard to get the dildo to sink into her. It felt
incredible but she finally managed to work most of its length into
herself. She dropped her foot to the floor and the dildo just seemed to
disappear completely into her. Her cunt gobbled it up. The full feeling
was wonderful and Pam walked easily into the living room, the rubber
tube rubbing back and forth with the sway of her hips.

Bess was sitting at her desk writing on some papers. "Oh, Pet. You're
here. Have you put 'Mr. Friendly' where he belongs?"

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"I'm so proud of you for remembering. Come over here and show me."

Pam walked over next to the desk. "I can't see anything Pet. Where is
it?"

"It's there, I promise, Bess. I mean 'Miss Bess'."

"Show me, Pet."

Pam lifted one of her legs to the desk top and reached down between her
thighs. Placing a finger on each of her labia, she gently peeled back
her pussy lips like the petals of a flower. Bess looked deeply into the
exposed pink inner lips. Nestled comfortably between them, covered with
a sheen of moisture, she could make out the blunt end of the flesh
colored rubber cock.

"Oh wonderful, Pet, you can walk around and do your chores with it
inside of you. I could never do that. Your pussy is just made for
fucking, isn't it?"

"I... don't... I'm not... "

"Pet, say it," Bess' voice becoming harsh, "Say, 'my pussy is made for
fucking. My cunt loves to be full.' Say it."

"Miss Bess... I... don't want... "

"Bitch, if you don't say it I'm sure your ass would not be able to
stand another session tonight. And... if you do say it, then you can go
to your room and make yourself cum. You know you want to."

Pam looked at Bess with surrender in her eyes, "My pussy is made for
fucking."

"And what else!"

"My cunt loves to be full." Pam sniffed back embarrassed tears.

"Good Pet. Now go to your room and play with yourself. After you are
finished, come back down with your heels on. We have some directions to
go over. Leave 'Mr. Friendly' in your room, I will want your full
attention. I won't want you distracted by your 'fucking cunt'."

Pam lowered her leg and silently padded up the stairs to her room. In a
few minutes, Bess could hear moans from a porno video on Pam's TV.
Shortly after, she was able to make out a series of small gasps from
her possession.

Bess organized her papers and waited for the click of Pam's heels on
the stairs.

Pam was soon seated next to Bess and a long set of instructions
followed. Pam was given a list of food to buy for herself and her
family and for Friday night's slumber party. Then another list with
clothes to wear. A schedule for Pam for the next several weeks. Bess
told Pam to bring some "old rags with her tomorrow right after school,
and make sure that a few of the rags are some of Bill's old tee-shirts."

Finally Bess told Pam to make love to her husband tonight, since he was
going to be gone for a few days. When Pam asked, "What if Bill doesn't
want to?" Bess told her that it didn't matter and she should do
whatever it took to have sex with him.

Pam went home after slipping her clothes on. She breathed a sigh of
relief when she didn't see Mr. Odom.

Later that night in bed, Pam took the initiative with Bill. After
reaching into his pajama bottoms and fondling his penis to hardness,
she rolled over on top of him. In the dark Bill didn't notice her red
nipples, but when they hung over his face as Pam bounced up and down on
his stiff cock, he sucked them into his mouth. They were still so
sensitive from the dye that Pam cried out and shuddered through several
orgasms. Bill enjoyed her new aggressiveness in bed. He didn't ask what
had gotten into his wife, he just enjoyed the change. As for Pam, she
could feel the difference between the large dildo that she had become
used to, and Bill's shorter and thinner cock. But she liked his penis'
warmth and enjoyed the searing jism that he shot into her. That was a
feeling that 'Mr. Friendly' just couldn't provide.

Bill left for work the next morning with his suitcase. He would be
flying out after lunch so Pam said her good-byes to him at the front
door after breakfast. He told her to have a good few days and he would
see her Sunday afternoon. Then he kissed her playfully and said, "I
can't wait until Sunday night!"

Pam actually blushed at the comment. With her husband she still felt
like the shy uncertain housewife and mother.

After school Pam checked her lists from Bess and, gathering up some old
rags and making sure that there were several old tee-shirts, headed to
Bess'. Even though it was only a few minutes after noon, there was no
sign of Mr. Odom or the other men she had seen yesterday. She called
for 'Miss Bess' when she entered the house naked. The dildo was not in
its usual place at the back door. Finally she heard Bess calling her
from the kitchen.

Bess was filling a bucket with hot water and soap in the kitchen
sink. "Oh, good, Pam. You brought the rags. Since we are going out on
Saturday, I want to wash my car. You'll be busy with the girls later
and Friday is the slumber party, so I though we would wash it today.
The car is parked in the driveway."

Pam had a panicked look on her face as she glanced down at her nudity.

Noticing Pam's fear, Bess said, "Oh, don't worry I wouldn't have you go
into the front yard like that. You might get arrested."

Pam breathed a visible sigh of relief.

"Pet, leave the rags here with the bucket and lets go get something for
you to wear."

Bess jogged up the stairs. Turning at the top she watched the naked Pam
trying to keep up, her flesh bouncing and jiggling as she mounted the
steps. Bess waited at the door of Pam's room. She had changed the sign
on the door to read "My Pet's Room".

"Do you like it love?"

"I guess so, 'Miss Bess'."

"Well, I just wanted to be accurate. You are my Pet aren't you?"

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"Good, now why don't you put on your white jogging shorts and tank top.
We wouldn't want to get any of your good clothes dirty washing my car."

Pam followed the instructions. The clothes covered her but she would
have to be very careful about moving, because her tits would have the
tendency to flop out of the armholes of the top. The material of both
the nylon shorts and top were so light that without panties or a bra
Pam still felt almost naked.

"We won't bother with sneakers. We wouldn't want to get them wet.
Besides, it's warm enough outside to go barefoot. Now let's go wash my
car, Pet."

The two women, now clothed in similar shorts and tanktops, headed to
the kitchen to get sponges, the rags that Pam brought, and the bucket
of sudsy water. Bess had Pam carry all of the items as she led her
through the garage. Bess opened the garage door out into the bright
sunlight of the front yard. Bess' car was parked in the driveway. Since
it was only a little after noontime on a weekday, the street was quiet.

Bess pulled a garden hose from the side of the house and proceeded to
rinse off the car. She left the hose on and let it run onto the front
yard. Then she went back into the garage and got a lawn chair. She sat
in her front yard next to the hose in the chair. Turning to Pam she
said, "OK, get scrubbing, Pet; my car is very dirty."

Pam realized that she would be washing the entire car herself, with
Bess using the hose to keep it wet and rinse off the suds. "Oh well,"
she thought, "It's the least I can do for Miss Bess. And it is a nice
day." She could feel the sunshine on her bare shoulders and legs. It
felt warm and delicious. Even Bess stretched out on the chair to take
advantage of the warm noonday sun.

Pam began to soap up the hood of the car with the sponge. As she leaned
forward her unencumbered breasts swung and heaved under her. As she
feared, they would pop out of the arm hole of her tank top. Then her
breast would disappear only to have the other breast pop out on the
other side.

Bess laughed at Pam's dilemma, "Looks like you can't control those
things, my Pet. I'm glad I don't have big tits like you to worry
about." The gentle rebuke made Pam scrub even harder and her tits
danced in and out of the sunlight. Fortunately the street was empty and
Pam didn't think her sometimes exposed breasts would be noticed at a
distance.

That all ended when a car pulled up to the curb in front of Bess' house.

It was an old Caddie convertible driven by one of Clyde Odom's friends.
Clyde and his other card playing partner were also in the car. The
three old men congratulated each other on finally finding the sexy
housewife. Clyde called out to Pam, "Hey, Mrs. Henderson. How about
washing my car?"

Pam didn't respond and kept her back to the men. She also slowed down
her movements, making sure that her breasts stayed covered.

Bess rose and walked over to the car, "What are you gentlemen, and I
use that term loosely doing out this fine day?"

Odom replied, "Well, you know us retired men. We are always on the
lookout for good looking women. I see you have help with your car
today."

"Yes, Pam and I are going out this weekend so she offered to wash my
car. So, Odom, you won't be seeing anymore of her until next week."

"Hey listen, I brought my buddies to see that fine looking piece of
ass. They were disappointed yesterday and I looked awful foolish. How
about having her go out into the back yard and changing her clothes?"

Bess thought about it for a while, "No, Odom, I've got to get my car
washed, but if you sit right here, I'll see if I can get you a little
show. Do these old farts know the rules?"

"Oh Yeah, they won't say a thing. Jeez, you gonna have her do it right
here in the front yard?"

Bess laughed, "You boys just settle down and enjoy. But when I say to
leave, you leave. Understand?"

"Yeah, we understand," was the chorused reply.

Bess walked back to her chair. "Pet, you missed a spot on this side."
The spot Bess indicated would force Pam to be in a position exposed to
the men. She slowly moved to where Bess pointed then leaned over and
began to rub the sponge on the metal. Her left tit popped out and the
three old men cheered. Pam held one arm across her chest, holding her
breasts in and rubbed with the other.

Bess called out, "That spot is pretty dirty, Pet; use both hands on the
sponge." Pam looked at Bess with a pleading in her eyes. Bess responded
with two words, "Do it!"

Pam grasped the sponge with both hands and was very slow and deliberate
in her motions hoping to keep her tits covered. She was successful
until Bess said, "Rub harder and faster, Pet. We don't have all day."

Pam knew better than to object and with a look of resignation on her
face began to move the sponge faster. The object was accomplished, and
Pam blushed in humiliation as her tits popped out of the tank top. The
three old men started cheering from the convertible which was parked
only about 15 feet from Pam.

"God, look at those babies. I have never seen nipples like that
before." The comments went on and on. "I'm getting a hard-on." On and
on the men went, heaping humiliation after humiliation onto the
housewife.

Bess decided to up the stakes a little further. Motioning the men to be
quiet and that she had a plan, Bess went up to Pam and said, "Pet,
those men are awful, teasing you about your tits. Let's get something
else to put on that will confine you a little better.

Pam smiled through the tears. She should have known that Bess would
help her.

Bess led Pam over to the pile of rags Pam had brought from home to dry
the car. "Let's see, Pet, I know that there are a couple of Bill's old
tee-shirts in here." Bess pulled out one from the pile that had sleeves.

"Thank goodness", thought Pam, "Wearing that tee-shirt, I'll be
covered."

"Pet, you go into the garage, out of view, take off the tank top and
put on Bill's old tee-shirt. That should quiet those dirty old men.
Your body just excites them so much. I can't blame them for wanting to
see you. But I know how uncomfortable it is for you. Now you should be
able to finish my car without having to hold your boobs."

Pam retreated into the dark corner of the garage. She could hear a
chorus of, "Come back. Don't go away. The car isn't finished," coming
from the men. Quickly she pulled off the nylon tank top and pulled on
Bill's old tee-shirt. It was baggy but the sleeves hid the sides of her
breasts and she wouldn't have to worry about them falling out. The
shirt was a little thin. A faint redness was visible at Pam's nipples
but since the shirt was very loose it didn't look bad. Pam felt much
more comfortable and walked out of the garage with confidence.

The men cheered when Pam reappeared. And for a moment Pam actually
caught herself feeling pleased.

Bess stood waiting, holding the garden hose, "Back to work, Pet. The
car has dried off a little; stand back while I hose it off again."

Pam stepped back and Bess directed a stream of water over the car.

Some of the water splashed on Bess' legs. "The cool water feels good;
Pet, stand next to the car and let me rinse off your legs."

Unsuspecting Pam stood next to the car. Bess directed the hose at her
feet.

"Doesn't that feel good?"

"Yes... "

"Yes... what?"

Pam looked at the three men who were within earshot, then looked at the
ground, ashamed, and answered, "Yes, Miss Bess."

Bess directed the water onto Pam's calves, "Does that feel good?"

Quietly, "Yes, Miss Bess."

The stream crept up to Pam's thighs, wetting the hem of the
shorts. "Does that feel good?"

"Yes, Miss Bess, but it's a little cold."

The three men in the car were silent as they watched the drama play out.

"Turn around, Pet."
**************deamon

Pam complied, facing away from Bess. The stream of water was directed
onto Pam's nylon covered ass. The thin material became almost
completely transparent with the soaking of the hose. Pam's buttocks
were revealed in stark relief. "Does that feel good?"

"NO... No... It's cold and... and... "

"Shut up Pet. I need to hose a hot little bitch like you down to keep
you cool, don't I fellas?"

"OH yeah! Hose her off. Spray the bitch," became the chorus from the
men.

"Turn around, Pet."

Pam slowly complied and the front of the shorts was soon soaked.

"Look at that brown pussy. Damn, I can see her cunt right here in the
front yard. Man, I'd like to lick that cunt," became the new comments.

Inevitably Bess raised the hose and the tee-shirt that Pam thought
would cover her became her worst nightmare. It clung to every inch of
her abdomen and became almost as transparent as the shorts. The redness
of her nipples was shocking, even muted slightly by the thin material.

Pam stood next to Bess' car virtually naked. Except that she was still
wearing clothes.

"Now you should be cooled down, get back to washing my car."




Acquisition 15/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Pam turned back to the car, hiding her breasts and brown pubic triangle
from the eyes of the cheering men. As she began to scrub the car with
the soapy sponge, the wet white nylon shorts Pam was wearing rode up
into the crack of her ass, revealing her tight buttocks and dark
crevice in all of their glory.

"Nice ass."

"Look at that that thing swing."

"I'd like to grab two hands-full of that," were the comments a
mortified Pam could hear from the dirty old men.

As she scrubbed the hood of the car, the tee-shirt, which was long,
slipped down and covered her butt. The two layers of cloth shirt and
shorts obscured the view of the men and they protested to Bess. The tee-
shirt was so long that it became a dress that reached below the hem of
Pam's shorts.

Pam was glad to have the extra cover on her body and pulled the tee-
shirt down even further.

"Pet, it looks like that long shirt is in your way, let me fix it."
Bess walked into the garage and came back out with a pair of flower
shears. She walked over to Pam and stood her up straight still facing
away. Reaching down to the bottom of the tee-shirt Bess used the shears
to slit the shirt from the bottom to the middle of Pam's back. Bess
dropped the shears and grasping the opening of the torn shirt she used
her strength to rip the shirt completely around Pam's torso. The old,
thin material easily parted. Pam was left with the top half of the tee-
shirt still intact. Bess was left holding a long wide strip of wet
white cloth that had been the bottom of the shirt. Bess casually tossed
the material she held into the pile of rags. Grasping Pam's shoulders
she spun the housewife around to check her handiwork.

Cheers went up from the three men when Pam faced them. The tee-shirt
was once again stuck to Pam's flesh, revealing the dark red nipples and
perfect shape of her pendulous breasts. But more exciting was where the
shirt now ended. The torn bottom edge of the shirt fell just under her
red areola. The lower third of her tits hung out from under the torn
tee-shirt. This part of her pale white tit skin reflected the bright
sunlight. They looked like two fleshy crescents dropping into view.

Bess appreciated the exposure of Pam's breasts, but what caught her eye
was how flat Pam's stomach had become. There was even the beginning of
some ripples as her stomach muscles developed. Not enough to be
masculine looking, in fact the hard stomach added to Pam's growing
sensuality.

"Oh, Pet, I hadn't noticed before because I always see you completely
naked, but you are starting to look very good. Look at your stomach."

The humiliation of being exposed in Bess' driveway was momentarily
forgotten as Pam looked down and ran her hands over her smooth abdomen.

Then the men started making more crude comments and Pam wanted to run
and hide.

"Hurry and finish the car, Pet, then we can go inside."

Bess sat back down in her chair and watched with appreciation as the
very exposed Pam went back to work.

Pam made quick work of the car, working so fast that her tits often
fell below the ragged tee-shirt. The old men voiced their appreciation
at each flash of nipple. At one point a car came down the quiet street
and Pam moved behind the car to hide herself from the passers by.

Bess worked the hose and rinsed off the car. Making sure to douse Pam
and keep the thin material wet and all of her charms exposed.

Finally Bess stood and walked back to Pam. "Well, it looks like you're
done, Pet. But you have gotten a little dirty and sweaty, let me clean
you off." Bess took the soapy sponge from Pam and squeezed some soap
out onto Pam's flat stomach. Then she rubbed the course sponge up under
the tee-shirt leaving a trail of suds on the rounded flesh. The tee-
shirt ended up around Pam's neck and bubbles ran down her pointed tits
falling gently onto the drive. Rivulets of water and soap ran down the
underside of Pam's tits across her stomach and under the waist band of
her shorts. The soapy water appeared from under the shorts and
continued down her shapely thighs and calves. Pam's sensitive nipples
responded to the circular motion of the sponge and, despite the
humiliating circumstances, Pam felt herself becoming aroused. Bess let
the sponge travel down. Pulling her waist band out with one hand, Bess
ran the sponge down into Pam's crotch with the other. When it made
contact with her sensitive clit Pam moaned and closed her eyes.
Blocking out the sight of the leering old men.

Bess withdrew the sponge from Pam's pants and let the waistband slap
back into place.

"Well, Pet, now you're clean, but you are still all soapy. Put your
hands at your sides and stand against the car."

Pam followed the instructions. Then Bess motioned Clyde Odom out of the
car. He quickly exited the convertible. Bess handed him the hose and
said, "Do you want to hose her off?"

The other two men started chanting, "Hose her down, Hose her down."

Clyde, standing only a few feet from Pam, placed his thumb over the end
of the hose and directed a stream of water onto Pam's tee-shirt. The
force of the water pushed the material up over Pam's tits and it
bunched around her neck. With careful precision he directed the hard
stream onto one of the red nipples. Pam moaned out loud as the pressure
pushed against the nipples dimpling her flesh. Odom crossed her chest
with the water stream. Then with a small circular motion, teased her
other nipple. The remaining soap suds washed down Pam's body. Then the
hard stream moved down her body slapping against the white nylon of
Pam's shorts. The water hit the housewife right in the middle of her
brown pubic triangle that was clearly visible through the wet and
transparent material.

Because Pam's clit was so sensitive, the machine gun like beating of
the water, sent electric shocks through her cunt. The fact that she was
standing in Bess' front yard, being watched by three nasty old men with
her tits exposed was forgotten. Pam's world closed down to the feelings
created by the water pounding against her pussy. She closed her eyes
and sagged against the car. He legs became weak as she felt a
fluttering in her belly. Pam slowly slid down the side of the car.
Finally stopping when her ass rested on her heels. Clyde followed his
dark target as it slipped down. With her head lolling to one side, Pam
unconsciously let her knees fall apart, completely exposing her pussy.
And giving the water a large target to hit. The white shorts were
actually pressed into the inside of Pam's engorged cunt lips by the
water pressure. Odom was relentless and stepping forward held the end
of the hose only a few inches from the housewife's now spasming vagina.
As her orgasm rolled over her Clyde stepped back so his friends could
see the sexy woman cumming.

With the hose finally off of her, Pam opened her eyes and felt a rush
of shame as the men began teasing her about "getting hosed."

Bess stepped forward. "OK gentlemen, the show is over. But I'll tell
you what. If you all dry my car Mrs. Henderson will be on my patio on
Monday afternoon. No more shows until then, if you get to work."

Bess raised Pam to her feet and pulled the tee-shirt back into place,
covering her possession as much as possible. Leading the housewife to
the garage Bess, laughed at the three old men as they scurried to dry
off the car. She could hear Odom saying, "See? Didn't I tell you guys
about that big titted bitch?"

Once inside, Bess dried Pam and went over her instructions for
tomorrow's slumber party. The list included what Pam was to buy for
dinner and snacks. Finally, at the back door, Bess told Pam that
tomorrow when the girls were around that Pam didn't have to call
her 'Miss Bess'."

Odom and his cronies were still drying Bess' car so Pam was able to get
dressed on the patio without embarrassment.

That evening Pam spent a quiet and normal evening with her girls. They
all were looking forward to the weekend. The girls, because of the
slumber party on Friday and spending Saturday and Sunday with friends.
Pam, because of the slumber party and the evening out with Bess on
Saturday.

On Friday after school Pam bought all of the required food for the
night. Then she picked up the girls at school. Once at home they got
out blankets and pillows so the girls could sleep on the living room
floor. Then Pam and the girls picked up the two friends that would be
spending the night with them. The four young girls and Pam were back at
the house by 5:30. At 6:00 Bess knocked on Pam's back door and entered
carrying a bag of snacks and a small overnight bag.

The slumber party had officially begun.

The two women and four girls had a great early evening. They watched
music videos and the girls showed Bess and Pam the newest dances the
young teenagers thought were "cool." Bess and Pam had a great time.
Bess indulged with the girls in all of the snacks that Pam had bought.
Pam, of course didn't have anything except diet soda and a salad. Every
time she would reach for some fattening snack food, Bess would give her
a disapproving glare.

The girls got out make-up and some of Pam's clothes. They had fun
playing "dress up." Bess and Pam enjoyed playing with the girls and
showing them how to put on make-up and dressing in "grown-up" clothes.
Then Bess suggested that the girls do each others hair. Rollers, combs,
pins, hairspray and brushes littered the living room floor as a variety
of hair styles were tried on each of the young girls. Everyone laughed
hard as the hairdos on the girls got wilder and more outlandish.

At one point Bess suggested that the girls do Pam's hair. The housewife
sat good-naturedly as the girls combed, teased, and sprayed her
shoulder length brown hair. Finally Bess suggested to the girls that
Pam would look great as a blonde. She manipulated Pam's daughters into
telling their Mom that she ought to change her hair color. Pam was
aghast at the suggestion. She just couldn't see herself as a blonde and
was frightened about what such a change would make her look like. She
whispered to Bess that she couldn't change her hair color because of
Bill. Bess simply reminded her that it was her own daughters suggestion
and that would take care of any questions that Bill might have. In a
commanding voice, she also whispered in Pam's ear that "I want you to
be a blonde, PET." Then, allying herself with the four girls, Bess kept
the pressure on Pam. Her own daughters were pleading with their mom to
color her hair, laughing about what fun they were having and that it
would be "neat" for the girls to see how it was done. Pam began to
waiver in her objection. Finally, it took Bess again quietly "ordering"
Pam before the housewife and mother relented. The girls all clapped and
cheered. Pam's oldest daughter said, "I'll bet Dad will really like it,
Mom."

Soon Pam, Bess and the girls found themselves in the bathroom, with
Pam's head hanging over the side of the bathtub. The hair color
chemicals, conveniently brought by Bess, being applied to Pam's head.
During the color setting time everyone talked excitedly about how Pam
would look as a blonde. Even Pam began to get excited about seeing what
she would look like when the plastic cap was removed from her head.

Soon Bess was removing the chemicals from Pam's hair. When the girls
all took turns blow drying Pam's hair they were pleasantly surprised at
the difference blonde hair made on the housewife. "Oh, Mom you look
cool," exclaimed the girls. It was clear that the blond hair only added
to Pam's new found sensuality and Bess was very excited about the
results. Jake was right Pam did look sexy as hell as a blonde. She also
looked more youthful.

The home color job was not very professional, but it gave Bess a good
idea about how attractive her neighbor was becoming. After the girls
were gone tomorrow, Bess decided that she would take Pam to a
professional stylist. She would get the amateurish dye job evened out
and Pam's hair cut and shaped. The girls would never know the
difference. Looking at Pam, Bess knew that her "belonging" was an
exciting creature. She was looking forward to the attention Pam and she
would get over the rest of the weekend.

After several more childish slumber party games the girls bedded down
on the living room floor in sleeping bags and on blankets. Pam and Bess
went upstairs. Bess did not even make a pretense of going to an empty
bedroom. She followed Pam directly into the master bedroom. The bedroom
that Pam shared with her husband.

Bess closed and locked the door. "Pam, sit at your vanity. I want to
brush out your hair."

Pam sat as instructed, but Bess told her to remove her clothes. Pam
quickly shucked the sweatshirt and baggy jeans that she had been
wearing. Bess was pleased to note that Pam didn't have any underclothes
on. "I'm proud of you remembering not to wear a bra and panties, Pet.
Now let me brush your "new" hair. Just look at yourself. The one thing
you have going for you is this beautiful body. Not much else, Pet, so
you need to make the most of what you have." Bess had become an expert
at making Pam think of herself as an object. Her "object."

Pam sat naked, looking at herself in the mirror, as Bess brushed the
blonde hair. It was a bit dry from the coloring and needed
conditioning. Well, they would take care of that tomorrow morning, Bess
thought to herself.

After brushing Pam's hair, Bess told her to lay on the bed. Bess stood
at the foot of the bed and slowly removed her own clothes. Then while
Pam watched Bess got the panty harness and double dildos from her
overnight bag. Pam watched intently as Bess lubricated the smaller
dildo and inserted it into herself. Pam even moaned slightly as she
witnessed the flesh colored cock slide into her friend.

Tying the panties in place, Bess looked down at her friend. The 8 inch
dildo jutted out from her groin. Bess slowly rubbed a few dollops of KY
jelly onto the rubber cock, making it shine in the dim light. "Look
what I have for you, Pet. Which side of the bed does Bill sleep on?
Tonight I'm going to give you more pleasure in your marriage bed than
you have ever had. Tonight you are truly married to me. You're mine,
Pet."

Pam shuddered and indicated Bill's side of the bed. Then she rolled
onto her side and crooked her knee. Bess could see her red clit poking
out from between the inner labia. She could also see moisture forming
at the mouth of Pam's cunt.

"Oh, Pet, you are such a beautiful little slut."

Pam shuddered at the term, but was only thinking of how good Bess'
small hard body would feel between her legs. Driving the dildo in and
out tirelessly.

Sometime during the night Pam woke to giggles from the living room. She
had to lift herself off of 4 inches of the dildo that was still buried
in her cunt. Bess was snuggled behind her spoon fashion. Pam remembered
that after what seemed like several hours of non-stop fucking Bess had
been driving into her in what Bess called "doggy style." They had
fallen asleep in that position. Bess holding onto her from behind.
After slipping the dildo all the way out, Pam put on a bathrobe and
went down to the living room to quiet the girls.

Back in the bedroom Bess was snoring softly. As Pam re-locked the door
and slipped off the bathrobe, Bess opened an eye. Sleepily she
unscrewed the dildo and handed it to Pam. "Pet, sleep with this in you,
if you can." Pam laid back down next to Bess and raising her knees to
her chest slowly stuck the dildo into herself. "That's a good girl, I
love you Pet." Bess rolled over and drifted back off the sleep. Pam
finally fell asleep 30 minutes later. Only after she had masturbated
herself to another orgasm.

****

On Saturday morning everyone in the house was up by 8:00 AM. Even after
the long night of sex in the master bedroom and the long night of
silliness on the living room floor, the house was up fairly early.

Pam was up and wrapped in her robe before Bess stirred. She took the
dildo out of herself slowly. It was stuck inside of her from dried
secretions of her own orgasms. She was very gentle since she didn't
want to bruise her delicate tissues. After getting the 8 inch rubber
cock free, she went downstairs to fix the kids' breakfast. All the
girls were still commenting on her blond hair as they sat around the
kitchen table eating pancakes.

Bess trudged sleepily into the kitchen and asked Pam for some coffee,
which Pam quickly served. Then the girls were off to shower and get
dressed. The mother of one of the guests was going to pick up all the
girls at 9:30 to continue the weekend. The girls were talking excitedly
about going to an arcade in the afternoon and a movie that night.

Bess continued being a "hit" with the girls when she gave each of Pam's
daughters a twenty dollar bill to spend during the day. Pam was about
to object, but Bess unobtrusively waved her off. Pam's daughters each
gushed over the gift and gave "Aunt Bess" a big hug. Bess had
encouraged the girls to call her "Aunt Bess" the night before. She knew
that Pam's daughters could be useful in the housewife's manipulation.
Besides, Bess really liked the girls, sort of the children she never
had and was unlikely to ever have.

Soon a mini-van was honking in the driveway. Pam and Bess stood in the
doorway and waved as the youngsters climbed in the van with their
overnight cases. The girls were going to church with the family on
Sunday, so Pam wouldn't see her family until mid-afternoon of the next
day. Bess and Pam would be together until the girls and Bill were due
back from their respective outings. This was the first time Pam would
be away from some relative since having kids. She felt giddy at the
simple freedom of not having to worry about her husband or kids.

Bess shut the door and turned to Pam. "Pet, we are going to have so
much fun. You go get in the shower, I'm going back to my house. I'll
drive back so we can go from here."

As Pam took a leisurely shower Bess cut across the yards to her house,
(waving to Mr. Odom as she went) picked up a bag that she had pre-
packed the afternoon before, and drove her nice clean car around the
block to Pam's. Entering the front door Bess quickly ran up the stairs,
slipped off her clothes and joined Pam in the shower before the
housewife was finished.

The two women soaped each other with a practiced familiarity. Finally
drying each other with plush towels, they stood naked in Pam's bedroom.

Pam literally stood waiting for Bess' command. Bess looked at Pam with
an appraising eye. Flat stomach, roughly trimmed brown pubes, full
flared hips wide from childbirth, dark red nipples on her now only
slightly sagging pendulous breasts, topped off with a pretty face and
blond hair. Bess thought that Pam looked like she was made for one
purpose. To arouse men (and women). Very simply, standing naked in a
bedroom, Pam was now built to fuck.

Bess told Pam to get dressed in something comfortable. Jeans and a
sweatshirt would be fine. No bra or panties and no make-up. Bess pulled
Pam's high heels out of the packed bag and handed them to Pam. Bess
dressed in a similar fashion except for the high heels. Then they were
off in Bess' car for the morning. Bess had reserved some time at one of
the new full-treatment beauty saloons for both of them.

At the salon, Bess had set up both of them for an entire full-body
treatment. Starting out with the two of them stripping down and getting
onto tanning beds naked for 15 minutes. The heat from the lamps relaxed
Pam and covered her in a sheen of sweat. From there they went to a
sauna, followed by a dip in a cool whirlpool. Afterwards they each had
a deep muscle massage from a Swedish woman who had to weigh 250 pounds.
Pam had never been so pampered and exhausted from doing nothing.

After the massage, both women were taken to a back room where a
technician applied a bikini wax. Bess made sure that the instructions
were for Pam's wax to reduce her brown pubic hair to only a small
triangle that pointed directly at her red tipped clit that still poked
out from behind its hood. The technician even commented about how
prominent Pam's clit was. But the housewife was still unaware of the
chemical treatment that Bess had given her most sensitive spot. Pam's
labia where completely uncovered and the wife and mother could feel the
air on her most private parts. She was embarrassed by the familiarity
that the female technician showed as she applied the hot wax with what
looked like a tongue depressor, but at least Pam controlled herself.
The initial arousal she felt was soon replaced by the agony of having
her pubic hair pulled from her sensitive skin by the hardened wax.

Bess' bikini wax was not nearly as complete as Pam's. She only had the
hair on her upper thighs removed. Following the bikini wax the women
donned robes and went to get their hair styled. As before Bess took
control of the hair cut and styling for both herself and Pam.

Bess had her hair washed, trimmed to even it off and simply styled. Pam
on the other hand had her hair washed and re-colored. The shade was
even lighter than the home coloring done the night before. Pam was
tired and actually slept as her hair was washed with warm water, cut
and dried. The professionals at the salon were able to make the color
uniform and condition the hair so it would be silky and shiny. They
also cut several inches from the shoulder length hair and styled it in
an elegant cut that did not reach Pam's shoulders, but framed her
pretty face. After the hair styling the women were escorted to an area
of the salon for a makeover.

Pam had never felt so pampered in her life. She felt wonderful and
beautiful. The make up that Bess had selected for Pam would make her
look more sophisticated and sultry than she had ever looked. She was
being transformed from a mousy housewife into a siren whose song would
attract the most jaded and worldly of men. One look at the new Pam,
would get the blood stirring in any limp cock. Cocks that would have
not noticed her several short months ago would now throb for Bill
Henderson's wife.

Once the makeover was complete Pam and Bess got dressed and headed back
to Pam's house. It was mid-afternoon when the two women reached Pam's
bedroom. Bess had her Pet disrobe and, with a few hours until dinner,
Bess enjoyed toying with the housewife's body. Just a caress here and a
pinch there, nothing that would mess up the face that was perfectly
made up. Bess was intrigued by the way the salon had made up Pam.
Particularly her lips. The shade of red matched Pam's nipples and her
lips were made to look full and pouting by an outline of darker lip
gloss. Bess had Pam sit on her bed and helped her apply glue-on
fingernails. Pam normally kept her fingernails trimmed short and coated
in clear polish, a necessity when doing housework and working with pre-
schoolers. Bess had Pam paint her toe-nails and finger-nails with a
dark red gloss enamel. Bess enjoyed watching Pam as she bent her long
shapely leg over her knee to reach her toe-nails with the brush. This
opened up her almost hairless vagina to Bess' gaze. Bess found it hard
to control herself, it was all the woman could do to keep herself from
sinking a finger into the buttery cunt so lasciviously exposed.

The time finally came for the women to dress for dinner. Bess dressed
first, putting on white panties, a simple light colored dress and white
sandals. Then she helped Pam dress. Pam had difficulty with the snaps
and buttons because she was unused to the long finger-nails. So Bess
placed each article lovingly on her Pet. Black thong panties, black
elastic top thigh high stockings, the white sheer blouse, a black mini-
skirt and 4 inch heels with ankle straps. Brassieres for both women
were left in the bedroom.

Bess placed extra make-up and her wallet into her hand-bag. She told
Pam not to bring a purse. Bess as usual would take care of all Pam's
needs. Pam's only responsibility was to look beautiful, "After all,
that is your only real talent."

Pam now walked with ease in her high heels. Her unrestrained tits
bounced in the most tantalizing way as the two women walked to the car.
Bess, of course, drove and they were soon parking at Jake's restaurant.
Since it was Saturday evening, it was very crowded. Pam asked if Bess
thought they would see Scotty, she really liked the young man and the
two had made a connection with each other. They were two people who
knew their place. They both knew deep inside that they would do the
will of others. That knowledge gave them common ground, even though it
was unspoken.

Pam's tall voluptuous figure and blonde hair attracted attention. The
two women easily moved to the front of the line of patrons. Everyone
was staring at Pam's visible red nipples as they danced inside her
sheer white blouse. Bess kept whispering to her to keep her shoulders
back and chest thrust forward. "Be proud of all MY work Pam, don't you
hide your assets." Not wanting to disappoint Bess, the housewife
screwed up her courage and overcame her embarrassment. Pam pretended
that her arms were bound behind her. She walked as she knew Bess wanted
her to and was rewarded by an inordinate amount of attention. Bess
reveled in the display Pam put on. She didn't look cheap. In fact, Pam
looked very elegant, but sex just seemed to ooze from her Pet. Bess was
proud and she enjoyed the attention as much as Pam was embarrassed by
it.

The maitre d', remembering that Jake had spent time with these two
women, ushered them past the velvet rope to a private table. Pam
spotted Scotty serving a large group at a table across the room and
waved to him. The wave pulled her shirt tight across her nipples and
displayed them to the room. Scotty saw the motion, looked puzzled for a
moment, and then recognized Pam. The young handsome muscular man broke
into a wide grin, and after placing a platter with a thick steak in
front of a distinguished looking silver haired gentleman, he waved back
to Pam. Scotty had a feeling of concern for the housewife when he saw
her "new look", but he did not let his face show it.

In moments Jake, the dark handsome owner of the restaurant, was at
Bess' side. "You have done it, Bess. She is incredible." Jake took
Bess' hand in his as he spoke. He remembered that if he had any hope of
enjoying Pam's charms it would be because he first courted Bess. "Tell
me how you accomplished this transformation, Bess," Jake asked, his
voice full of admiration.

Pam blushed and looked down at the table unable to meet Jake's eyes.
Bess took the opportunity to turn Jake's face to hers and say, "Just
the way you train Scotty. I took your advice and things are working out
well. Aren't they, Pet?" Pam looked up and quietly said, "Yes Bess."

"Oh, Pet. Have you forgotten? We are not with your children now. I'll
have to punish you later."

Jake smiled broadly at the comment. Pam shifted slightly in her seat
thinking of the paddle. Her nipples involuntarily became hard.

"Yes, Miss Bess." It was a whisper.

But Jake heard it and clapped his hands together, "I'm impressed,
Bess." Turning to Pam, Jake took her hand and gently kissed it in the
style of 'Camelot and Arthur's Court.' "You are bewitching, Pam, truly
a special flower. Thank both of you for gracing my restaurant this
evening. Please enjoy whatever you wish, 'on the house'. I'll see you
later."

Jake left the table to attend to his business; Bess smiled to herself,
and Pam's cunt began to moisten.




Acquisition 16/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Bess and Pam had a delicious meal, with Bess watching the portions Pam
ate carefully. While Scotty was not their waiter, he was able to stop
by the table for a few moments and talk with his friends. He noticed
the color on both Pam and Bess from the tanning session. Scotty was
very tan himself, and explained that he was in the final preparations
for a bodybuilding contest and spent time every day in a tanning bed
Jake had bought and had installed at their townhouse. He said he missed
working out with the women. This statement brought a blush from both
Pam and Scotty. Bess just laughed, "Why don't you come back for a
workout? I still have my paddle!" This joke drove Scotty from the
table. Pam looked away, remembering the young man's hot, hard cock
squirting in her hand.

The private table didn't provide much opportunity for interaction with
other restaurant patrons. Since Bess' goal was to see if she could
attract an eligible man to fulfill her own needs, she waved at Jake as
he walked through the dining area. She asked him if they could have a
table in the bar for an after dinner drink.

Jake immediately went to the bar and had a table cleared for the women.
He quickly returned. With Jake in the middle, Pam and Bess each being
held around the waist by his strong arms, he led them to the bar. Pam
allowed herself to be steered by the dark and powerful man. Bess, while
enjoying the masculine arm around her, kept a pressure against Jake's
arm, indicating that she was not some weak woman who would be directed
at his whim.

Jake directed then to a tall table with tall chairs, which gave the
women a good view of the bar. It also made them both step up and put
their legs on display. Both had short skirts and slipping onto the
seats exposed most of their thigh. Bess even showed more leg than Pam
because she was so short. However, her legs were her only good feature,
so she didn't bother to tug at the hem of her dress, even though almost
her entire legs were exposed. Pam, self conscious about showing so much
of her thighs, pulled at her skirt. At least she was able to cover the
white flesh above her stocking tops. Bess was comfortable letting a
little flesh be exposed over the top of her elastic topped stockings
and even swung one leg with nervous energy.

Bess expectantly scanned the room. Now she would find out if Pam would
attract some 'hot' men for her with whom she might be able to score.
Pam looked uncomfortable in the middle of the bar. Her nipples were
visible and her short skirt made her keep her legs pressed together in
modesty. However, clenching her thighs tightly did cause her sensitive
clit to feel some friction. On the one hand, she was trying to be
modest and not attract attention, but on the other hand, that very act
seemed to cause her to become aroused. Pam, as always it seemed, was
unable to handle herself in some situations. Therefore, as was becoming
second nature to the housewife, she looked to Bess for help.

"Miss Bess," Pam whispered, "I feel so on display here. What should I
do?"

"Oh, my silly Pet. That's exactly why we are here. To put you on
display!"

Bess reached across the table and stroked Pam's blond hair. Jake
arrived back at the table with two fruity rum drinks. "I thought you
ladies would enjoy something sweet from the bar," he said. Bess
accepted the drinks and took a sip. "This is delicious, Jake, thank
you. Drink up, Pet, the evening is still young."

Jake added, "I'm sure that you both will have all the drinks you need.
The men at the bar are discussing you both. I know that you will be the
center of attention tonight. Enjoy yourselves. I'll be back later to
see how you are doing. Perhaps later, we can go over to my club. It's
not far from here and you can dance there."

Jake left the table and soon the two women were surrounded by handsome,
well-dressed men. Bess chatted easily with them. Pam, unfamiliar with
the bar scene, was at a loss for words. She didn't lack for attention.
Man after man came up to talk with her. She was only able to mumble one
word answers to their questions. Bess handled the conversations. Pam
looked elegant and sexy, but she unconsciously kept fingering the
wedding ring on her hand. She was having a good time, but she felt so
out of place. She didn't feel like herself at all. The drinks kept
coming, courtesy of the men who wanted to stand next to her and gaze at
her nipples and legs. Men who wanted to touch her and take her to bed.
Men who wanted to be with this sexy voluptuous woman.

The alcohol was having its effect and soon Pam was laughing at the
charming men's jokes. She relaxed and enjoyed the attention. She began
tossing her head back when she laughed at some comment. Displaying her
slender white neck and drawing her blouse tight across her chest making
her hard red nipples even more prominent.

Bess asked for the hand of one of the men and slipped off her chair,
telling Pam that she was headed to the rest room. Her dress slid up
even higher exposing her athletic legs almost to her panties before
falling back in place. Bess noticed with satisfaction that several of
the men blatantly looked at the show she had put on.

As Bess left the table, Pam was surrounded. The men had picked up on
Bess being Pam's protector. Without the controlling young woman present
as a buffer, it was open season on the sexy woman whose charms were
being displayed on the very edge of decency in the upscale restaurant.

A drink was thrust into Pam's hand by one man. An arm of another snaked
around her waist, while a third whispered in her ear, "Would you like
to go back to my place for a nightcap, pretty lady?"

Pam sat frozen. The attention of the men panicked her. She had never
been "hit" on like this in her life, and didn't know how to respond.
Pam decided to go after Bess. The women's bathroom would afford her
protection from her strident admirers. Pam slid off her high chair. The
drinks hit her hard as she tried to stand. The back of her skirt
remained stuck on the chair exposing her thighs above her stocking tops
and showing a brief flash of black panty at her crotch. Her fleshy
buttocks were momentarily exposed. Pam grasped the table to steady
herself and several hands reached out to help. One on her waist and
another pressed against her unfettered tits. Pam pulled away from the
table and the groping hands and headed towards the bathroom on wobbly
legs.

The men stood and watched as Pam's ass swung enticingly away from them
as the housewife fought to keep her balance. She quickly made it to the
bathroom and leaned against a sink trying to clear her head. She heard
a toilet flush and was relieved when Bess appeared at her side.

"Oh Pet, are you feeling the drinks?"

"I'm so lightheaded, and those men wouldn't leave me alone."

Pam turned on the water in the sink and was about to splash some water
on her face.

"NO, Pet! Don't wet your face; it will ruin your make-up. You look so
beautiful. Here let me help you." Bess took a paper towel from the
dispenser and wet it in the sink. Then with great care she dabbed the
wet cool towel on Pam's neck and throat, refreshing the housewife. Bess
unbuttoned two additional buttons on Pam's shirt and ran the wet towel
on Pam's sternum between her breasts. Bess toyed with the idea of
wetting Pam's shirt to make it completely transparent, but remembered
that this was an expensive restaurant, and she didn't want to embarrass
Jake. So she helped Pam to a stall and waited while Pam urinated.
Exiting the stall, Pam felt better. She was about to re- button the
blouse when Bess stopped her and said, "Leave them unbuttoned, Pet. It
doesn't show much, but the swell of your tits and their inside curve
are so pretty. Just be careful when you move or one of them might pop
out."

Pam dumbly obeyed Bess. Still lightheaded, Pam took Bess' hand and they
exited the bathroom. Standing outside the door, Jake was waiting for
them.

"Well, here are my two beauties. Is everything OK? You left a lot of
disappointed men at the bar. Bess, is your Pet feeling OK?" Jake
slipped calling Pam 'pet' into the conversation easily and neither of
the women noticed.

"She isn't used to drinking, so we were just giving her a break from
the crowd. She's fine now." Bess replied.

Jake peered down Pam's open blouse. Because of his height he could see
her nipples not only through the shirt, but completely uncovered from
above. The swell of Pam's tits was enticing.

"Listen, my club is only a few blocks away. Why don't I walk you there?
The night air might help Pet clear her head. And I know that you will
enjoy the atmosphere there." Looking first at Bess then deliberately
down Pam's blouse so Bess would get the message, "The club is not
nearly as formal as the restaurant, and there are always all sorts of
unique people there to meet. Plus you can dance. You both like to
dance, don't you?"

Pam shook her head no, but Bess answered, "Of course, we can't wait to
shake our booty, can we Pet?"

Jake laughed and replied, "Good, it's decided. Let's walk over. You
ladies be sure to wave at the men in the bar. I know that they will
miss you." Jake again took each woman by the waist. In her lightheaded
state, Jake was able to pull Pam up tight against his body. He could
feel her curves and her heat. Bess was less stiff than before, but
clearly still didn't automatically take Jake's lead.

Jake gave an evil smile to Scotty as he left the restaurant with the
women. Scotty hoped that Bess would be able to protect Pam from his
boss, lover and Dom.

The three enjoyed the walk of several blocks. Pam did find that the
night air cleared her head a little. She vowed to be careful about
drinking at the club. Maybe Bess wouldn't want to stay very long and
they could go home.

It was still only a little after 9:00pm. The club really didn't crank
up until after midnight. That is when the really unusual patrons
appeared. However, since it was Saturday night there would be a good
crowd, even this early. It would be only slightly more mainstream, but
Jake was sure that Pam would see things that the straight-laced and
over-protected housewife had never seen before.

They finally reached an old warehouse building. There was nothing to
indicate that it was a club except a small sign over the door that
read "MILTON'S" and a very large muscular black man in a bulging tee-
shirt standing next to the door.

As Jake and the women approached, the man took the door handle and
said, "Good evening, sir."

Jake smiled at the man, "Ready for the body building contest, Rufus?"

"Yes, sir!"

"Good, how is it tonight?"

"Well, it's pretty crowded. Got some couples, a few more single men
than we would like, and a crowd from the Gay and Lesbian Alliance
arrived a while ago. Only a few unattached females. But you know, the
kinky crowd won't get here until a lot later."

Rufus pulled open the door. The quiet of the street was broken by the
noise from the club. Bess could see lights flashing and feel the throb
of rock music. The sound was loud but not deafening. Jake ushered the
women inside and the heavy door shut behind them.

"Rufus is a great bouncer," Jake said.

But the women didn't hear him; they were taking in the sights of the
converted warehouse. Lights flashed and bodies gyrated to the music. It
was a large room with a high ceiling. Not fancy, with only the minimum
of decoration. The lighting theme seemed to be red. Red spotlights, red
neon lights glowed above the bar that stretched along one wall. A
scattering of tables covered in red cloth and a stage at the far end
where a rock band wailed out a song. What decorations there were seemed
to be paintings of nude women in the damnation theme. One showed women
being driven out of a building into the street, another was satyrs
chasing women. The largest painting was of naked men and women,
standing on a cliff overlooking what was supposed to be a vast pit of
fire and brimstone.

Finally catching the women's attention, Jake said, "I make more money
here than at the restaurant. Low overhead and I can sell more than
liquor. Especially when I have a 'rave' for the teenagers. But tonight
it's a normal crowd. Let's get a table and have a drink. Then you can
dance. Bess, you keep an eye on Pam," Jake laughed. "We have a number
of lesbians here tonight. Those dykes will definitely try to get to Pet.

They sat at an open table and when Jake waved his arm, a bartender
hopped over the bar to see what the Boss wanted to drink. There was no
serving staff at the club. If you wanted it, you went to the bar and
got it. Cash on the barrelhead. No checks, no credit, no plastic and no
trail for the IRS. Jake under-reported the income from the club
significantly. The only exception to the rule was the Boss, and of
course any attractive women with him.

Once the drinks had arrived, Jake pointed out various parts of the
club. At one point he indicated a hallway that went off from beside the
bar. Another bouncer sat at the entrance to the hallway. "There are
some private club rooms back there," Jake said, "I hope that you can
visit them sometime, but nobody is back there now. They open up much
later."

An attractive, slender, 30ish looking man in jeans and silk shirt
stepped up to the table and asked Pam to dance. She declined, but Bess
hopped up and grabbing the man's hand, saying, "Dance with me first,
then you can dance with her. I promise."

Jake laughed, realizing that Bess was using Pam as a lure.

Jake decided to sit with Pam and find out more about her. Information
that he would later be able to use. Jake knew she was married with
children, so in his most charming style he asked about Pam's family
while encouraging her to continue sipping the very strong drink he had
his barman pour for her.

In a few minutes, Bess was back at the table and Pam was pulled to her
feet by the man. Fortunately, it was a moderately fast song. Pam stood,
moving only minimally and looked beautiful, while the man danced around
her. At one point he hooked his arm around her waist and spinning
around let his forearm cop a quick feel of her tits. Pam had to bring
her hands up to keep her breasts from spilling out of her still
dangerously unbuttoned blouse. She was more concerned about being
exposed and hardly noticed that the man had obviously enjoyed hefting
her tits with his arm.

Mercifully, the song ended and Pam walked back to the table. Jake got
up and told the ladies that he would return after checking on some
business. Actually, he found two older, better dressed men that were
acquaintances of his. He asked them to go and dance with Pam and Bess
and keep them company. "Show them a nice time and I'll pick up the bar
tab, just tell me what you spend and I'll reimburse you."

The two men asked if they could try to fuck the women. "You can try,
but be nice and don't scare them."




Acquisition 17/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Pam and Bess sat momentarily alone at the table and looked for the
first time at the people in the club. It was an eclectic group. In one
corner was a group of men dancing with each other, obviously gay. Some
were in street clothes while others wore leather pants and vests,
looking like gay male clich's. Some were bare chested. All were
touching each other with easy familiarity, occasionally kissing each
other with open mouths.

Nearby was a group of lesbians, also dancing. Some looked very feminine
while others had short hair and the classic masculine dyke look. They
wore male clothes and led the feminine lesbians while dancing.

In another area were younger people. They wore jeans and tank tops. One
young lady was dancing with a group of young men in a bikini top and
shorts. In other groups were middle-aged couples, dressed in business
clothes. There were even several couples in formal clothes-- tuxedos on
the men and long gowns on the women. The one thing each person had in
common was that they were all attractive and very animated. Dancing,
talking, drinking, everyone seemed to be having a good time.
Inhibitions were at a minimum. The club looked like a party that was
going to end up being a real 'blow-out.'

The sheltered housewife was surprised by the people and some of the
activity. Bess laughed at Pam's naivet�. Two attractive men showed up
at the table carrying drinks for the women. They seemed nice. They were
in their early 30's and were handsome. Bess invited the men to join
them and the two men sat down. The men smiled at both women, but they
clearly gave long lingering looks at Pam. They made small talk about
the club. Bess said that it was their first time. The men said it was
the hottest spot in the city and later it would really get wild.

When Pam asked what they meant, The man sitting next to her simply
said, "After midnight you don't look too carefully in the dark corners
of the club." He added, "Even in the open areas, the drinks-- and
probably drugs-- lead to a lot of nudity and wild behavior."

Pam looked at Bess with panic in her eyes. Bess simply took the
housewife's hand and told her not to worry, she would take care of her.
The men, picking up on Pam's concern, also said that they would stay
close to be sure the two first-timers were not bothered. Pam smiled her
appreciation.

When the band began a slow song, one of the men said, "Let's dance."
Bess and the men stood and waited for Pam to rise slowly. The man next
to her took her hand and Pam could feel her wedding ring press into her
finger by his strong grip as they walked to the open area that served
as the clubs "dancing area." This area was lit by moving red spotlights
coming from the blackness of the high warehouse rafters. The light gave
the dancers an eerie look of abandonment.

Both Pam and Bess were pulled tightly into the arms of the men. Bess
enjoyed being held by a man. It had been so long. Pam, never much of a
dancer and then only with her husband, stiffened in her partner's arms.

The man said, "Relax honey, I'm not going to bite you." He held her a
little looser, and Pam allowed herself to be held a little closer. The
man stayed relaxed and ever so slowly began to draw her closer.

The spinning lights and the alcohol she had consumed kept Pam
lightheaded so she lowered her head and allowed her forehead to rest on
the man's shoulder. Not exactly cheek to cheek, but it encouraged the
man to draw her in a little more. Her nipples brushed lightly against
his shirt and their knees bumped as they danced. The man kept steeling
glances down the front of Pam's blouse. She was oblivious to his ogling.

The song ended and a fast paced number started. The two couples sat
back down. More people had entered the club and it was becoming
crowded. The new arrivals were an interesting mix. Some of them
wore 'punk' outfits and had outlandishly colored hair. There were many
pierced noses, ears and bellybuttons. Tattoos on arms ankles, and
shoulders were also evident. The latter obvious on bare chested men and
women with halter-tops.

Pam also thought that a particularly tall woman looked very masculine,
despite the mini-dress she wore. Her "date" saw her staring at the man
and told her that she/he was a "crossdresser." Pam didn't understand at
first, and much to Bess' delight, the men began to explain to an
embarrassed Pam how some men enjoyed dressing up like women. Then as a
joke, the man said to Pam, "You're a woman aren't you?"

Everyone laughed at the joke then Bess, wanting to exert her control,
reached over the table and flipped back the edge of Pam's blouse
exposing the housewife's fleshy right tit and red nipple. "With tits
like these you know she is all woman." There was more laughter and Pam
quickly pulled the blouse back in place.

Pam's hands went to the buttons on her blouse, but Bess caught her eye
and gave her a hard look. Pam sheepishly lowered her hands to her lap,
leaving the curve of her tits on display.

Bess' 'date' said, "Drink up and let's dance. Don't leave a half-full
glass or somebody in this place will steal it. We'll get another drink
after we dance."

The four of them downed their drinks; Pam couldn't even taste the
liquor anymore and didn't realize that she had become quite high.
Walking to the dance floor, Pam had to be held to keep from staggering
on her high heels. Another slow song was playing and this time Pam
melted into her partner's arms. Mostly from the alcohol, but in her
fuzzy brain she had to admit that it did feel good to be held as she
swayed to the music. This time Pam's head went to the man's shoulder
immediately and her breasts flattened against his chest. As they danced
the man brought his groin in contact with the housewife's, and despite
his best intentions, his erection began to grow in his stylishly cut
slacks. It took a moment for Pam to feel something hard pressing
against her belly. In her heels, she was only a couple of inches
shorter than her dancing partner was. At first, Pam wanted to pull
away, but the man kept his arm firmly on her back and Pam got used to
the pressure of his hard-on.

The music, the alcohol, the darkness and the swirling lights caused Pam
to relax even more and soon her partner moved both hands to her back,
then slowly slid them down to the top of her butt. His palms were on
the small of her back but his fingers extended down onto the outward
swell of her ass. He held her tighter and ground his hardness into her
soft belly.

Bess had her arms around the neck of her partner. Her diminutive size
meant that she had to reach straight up. The hem of her dress was
pulled very high and only barely covered her well-defined athlete's
ass. She was plastered up against her partner, her head turned and
cheek on his chest. He had his arms wrapped way around her skinny body.
Bess straddled one of his thighs with her legs and was squeezing her
cunt down onto it.

Halfway through the song. Bess partner steered them over to the other
couple and said, "Let's switch partners for the rest of the song."

Pam, almost in a stupor, was reluctantly passed off to the other man.
She fell into the new arms and was soon pressed against the male body.
This man hugged her tight with one arm around her waist. His other hand
immediately fell to the full rounded, fleshy part of Pam's ass and
began slowly squeezing the buttock in time with the music.

Bess threw herself into the arms of man who had been with Pam. She
immediately felt his erect cock. "Damn Pet," she thought, "she can give
anyone a hard-on." At first Bess was pissed off at Pam for being able
to excite the men, then she realized that was one of the reason she had
taken possession of the housewife, to attract men. Bess looked up into
the eyes of her new partner and said, "Happy to see me?" Then boldly
she dropped one of her arms and placing it between their bodies, she
firmly gripped the outline of his hard cock through his pants. Then she
added, "She may have made it hard, but I know what to do with it."

The man stepped back, smiled and reached down. He took Bess' hand in
his and slid both down the front of his pants inside his underwear
until her hand came in contact with his hot, hard pole. It was sticking
up so Bess was easily able to take it into her palm.

"Impressive," was all she said as she pressed her body against his,
hiding her movements and began squeezing and stroking the first male
phallus she had touched since her divorce.

By now the man dancing with Pam had an erection and the woozy Pam
giggled and said, "Why do you guys keep poking my belly with something
hard?"

He just laughed. She really didn't understand the effect she was having
on the men.

The slow song ended and a fast one started. The crowd had swelled and
bodies began crashing into each other on the dance floor. The girl in
the bathing suit had jumped on a table and had pulled off her top. Her
smallish tits bouncing in time of the fast beat. The crowd seemed ready
to explode. Bess and her new partner went back to the table. Her hand
still buried down the front of his pants. Pam's partner grabbed her
hands and began trying to make her fast dance. A difficult task for
Pam, given her high heels and inebriated condition. The man began
swinging her arms causing her blouse to gap open and her tits to bounce
into view. Enjoying the show, he kept it up. Pam finally was able to
move her feet in some semblance of a dance step but she was blissfully
unaware of her exposure.

A leering crowd soon surrounded the housewife and her partner, thinking
that the crushing crowd was getting out of hand, put his arm around Pam
and steered her back to the table. As they he walked, holding Pam up
with an arm around her waist, his free hand reached up and into her
blouse, grabbing one of her tits and tweaking the nipple. Back at the
table, they found Bess and the other man sitting in two chairs. Someone
in the now packed club had spirited away the other two chairs. Bess'
new partner jumped up and allowed Pam to land with a thump into the
chair. Her body in a slouch, legs askew and blouse gapped open. One of
her red tipped breasts fully exposed. Bess took one look at her and
asked, "Having fun, Pet?"

The men left briefly to fight their way to the bar for more drinks.
Bess pulled her chair next to Pam's and put her arm around her
comfortingly. Bess whispered to an uncomprehending Pam, "You sure got
that man hard Pet, I'd really like to ride him, but it doesn't look
like you are in very good condition. We will go after one more drink
OK?"

Pam mumbled a disjointed agreement, saying she wanted to go home.

It was fortunate that Bess had placed an arm around Pam because two
tough looking women showed up at the table and asked if they could
party with "that nice piece of meat." They indicated Pam, who had
slipped in the chair, exposing her panties as well as her tit.

Bess stood up and in her commanding voice told the dykes to get the
hell away. The two lesbians, realizing that Bess was a force to be
reckoned with, left quickly. Bess heard them talking about how unfair
it was for "that tough, skinny bitch to keep a sweet cunt like 'Pam' to
herself." "Yeah, I'd like to suck on that honeypot," was the last
comment Bess heard as the two disappeared into the swirling crowd.

The two men arrived back at the table carrying four drinks. Both took a
long look between Pam's legs before pulling her upright.

"Hey, there are only two chairs. Where will we sit?" the men exclaimed.

Bess stood up and then pulled Pam into a standing position. "Sit down
guys, we'll sit on your laps." Bess was beginning to feel the effects
of the drinks as well.

Each man took a seat. Bess dropped Pam unceremoniously into the lap of
her last partner then sat in the lap of the man whose cock she hadn't
felt yet.

The man holding Pam held her by the waist and rested his head on her
chest. His cock immediately became hard and pushed into her soft ass.

Bess, taking the 'bull by the horns' so to speak, straddled the man in
the chair, facing him. Although she was wearing a dress, the crowd had
gotten so frantic that nobody took notice that her dress rode up to her
waist, exposing her panties. The dress kept her sitting out on the
man's knees and provided plenty of room for her to drop her hand into
this man's lap and squeeze, "his package."

"Oh, this is almost as big as your friend's," Bess exclaimed. She
wormed her hand under the man's belt and was rewarded with contact on
his semi-erect penis. She grabbed it as well as she could in the
confined space and felt the cock jump and begin hardening.

The man holding Pam noticed what was going on with his friend.
Emboldened by what was happening in the other chair he shook his face,
pushing back the edges of Pam's blouse and began kissing her tits.
Finally popping one of her nipples into his mouth and sucking on it
hard. Pam's sensitive nipples jumped and hardened. The electric
sensation of her tits being played with cleared Pam's head. She looked
down and finally fully realized that a strange man, not her husband,
was sucking on her tit. But the feeling was pleasant and she could feel
her vagina tightening as the man suckled at her breast.

Pam looked over at Bess and was shocked to see her dress up at her
waist in a public place, but more shocking to Pam was that her
protector had her hand down the man's pants. It was all too much for
Pam and she tried to stand, pushing the man away. He let go and Pam was
successful in struggling to her feet. But her blouse hung open, and the
people nearby began to cheer.

"Check out those tits!"

"Man, I'd like to play with those."

Then a female voice, "I wish I had tits like her."

Pam grasped the edges of her blouse and covered herself. She turned to
Bess, "Can we go, Miss Bess?"

Bess stood up withdrawing her hand, "OK, lets take our drinks and look
around the club, then these very nice men can walk us back to our car."

The men, of course, hoped that they would be able to get in the car and
go home with the women so they readily agreed.

The two couples picked up their drinks and moved away from the table.
As soon as they left the table a group of leather clad men and women
took it over. They were adorned with chains, handcuffs and lots of
criss-crossing leather straps.

One man said, "That's Jake's favorite crowd. They have a room in the
back. Do you want to check out some of the private party rooms?"

Bess agreed immediately and Pam was led along docilely by the group.
The two men waved at the bouncer by the hallway and passed into a dark
corridor. There were several doors off each side, and a door at the end
of the long hall.

Bess asked, "What's in these rooms?"

Her companion answered, "These are rooms for special parties. This
first room is used by gays. The next by some serious open-marriage
folks."

Pam asked, "What?"

"You know, wife-swappers."

Bess chimed in, "I always wonder why it's never called husband-
swapping. Men can be such pigs sometimes."

Another room was just a smaller dance area, another was an office area
and the last room, at the end of the hall was where the leather crowd
went late in the evening. One of the men opened the door. The room was
fairly large and empty of people. There were a couple of couches and a
stack of what looked like furniture moving pads in one corner. Hanging
from the ceiling were some chains. Several supports extended up from
the floor to the ceiling, and large eyebolts were attached to the dark
wooden walls and on the floor at various places. There was little other
furniture; just an old cabinet with door; a few mismatched tables and
chairs; and a small counter with an old washtub type sink in the one
corner, some buckets and a few lengths of hose under it.

One man said, "I have never been in here when it's open, but from the
rumors this is the place if you are into pain and sex. Jake controls
who comes in here very carefully. If anybody was back here, we wouldn't
be allowed in. I don't even want to think of some of the stuff that
goes on in here. I like my sex more normal."

The other man said, "Speaking of sex, lets walk you ladies back to you
car. It's already after 11:00 PM." The man obviously hoped for an
invitation to extend the evening.

Pam burst his bubble, "Oh, Bess... I mean Miss Bess... Bill was going
to call me before midnight."

The man asked, "Who is Bill?"

The other answered, "Her husband, probably, didn't you notice the
wedding ring?"

Bess said, "Yeah, let's go. We'll give you boys a really nice kiss if
you walk us back to our car."

Pam gave Bess a frightened look in response to her comment.

Bess leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Just a kiss and some touchy
feely. Hell, they both have already been playing with your tits.
Remember, you get to play with Bill. I don't have anybody, I expect you
to help me out, Pet. I need some attention; you had better not screw
this up for me. Or else... " Bess let the statement hang in the air
between them. Pam looked down and felt a chill run through her body
despite the warmth of the air in the club.

As the four exited the club, the men still had hopes of scoring with
the women.

****

The two couples held each other as they headed down the dark street.
Occasionally a car passed, illuminating Bess and her "date" walking
ahead of Pam and her "date."

Pam's head was clearing and she became aware that the man walking with
her was holding her in a most intimate way, but, they had already
walked half a block and Pam, not wanting to cause a scene, didn't know
how to extricate herself from his grasp. Also, Bess' warning still rang
in her ears. Pam thought she could handle the situation, but she had an
overwhelming feeling of guilt. The man had one arm draped over her
shoulder, with the hand hanging inside of her blouse slowly stroking
one of her tits. His other hand rested on her stomach. Pam had to keep
one arm around her companion's waist to keep from being pushed over.
Her other arm was hanging at her side. Their thighs touched and bumped
each other as they walked. Both Pam and the man were very aware of
every contact between them. The man encouraged by the contact, Pam
aghast and ashamed but hiding it well. She also felt a small spark of
excitement caused by the touching of a handsome man who was several
years younger than her.

Bess was enjoying the attention of her partner. He also had a hand
around her shoulders but Bess was hugging herself to the man and Pam
couldn't see one of Bess' hands. It was fondling his hard cock as they
walked. She seemed not to be able to get enough of touching the tube of
flesh. But then, she had been deprived for a long time.

Walking down the street, Bess smiled to herself as she pushed her hand
down the front of the man's pants. He groaned when her strong fingers
encircled his cock. He stopped walking and turned his head to Bess,
then leaned down and began kissing her deeply while she stroked his
cock.

The man walking with Pam stopped before bumping into the kissing
couple. He released Pam's breast and pulled the housewife in front of
him. Before Pam could react he crushed his lips to hers and thrust his
tongue into her mouth. His arms encircled her and held her fast. Pam
was shocked as she felt his tongue probe between her teeth and run
across her own delicate pink tongue. The rough tissue of his tongue
stimulated her mouth.

Pam was shocked, her mind full of dozens of thoughts. Over the past
month she had been kept naked and sexually aroused by her domineering
neighbor. She had been displayed lasciviously in front of a young man
that she had come to care about. She had held the young man's (boy,
really) cock and even jerked him off. She had been humiliated by
neighborhood men who enjoyed looking at her nude. Her body had been
transformed into a walking advertisement for sex. But aside from the
occasional peck on the cheek from Bess, she hadn't been in a situation
like this.

All of the things that Pam had done-- been forced to do-- were
different from this. Now a man, other than her husband, who clearly
wanted to make love... no, who wanted to fuck her, was groping and
kissing her in a way that only her husband had a right to do. She felt
like the hooker who would do everything with a customer except kiss
him. She had, in a strange way, never before felt that she was
betraying Bill. This was different. She had been able to separate her
other actions. She had been able to compartmentalize them. They were
part of the Pam that was between her and Bess. Bess had been successful
in making her separate her life into two parts. Naively Pam didn't
think her relationship with Bess effected her family or her love for
them. But this... this was much harder to accept.

Such a dilemma for Pam's racing mind. Having your neighbor thrust a
fake cock inside of you over and over; bringing you to countless
orgasms; didn't seem as depraved or as inappropriate for the housewife
as standing on a public street being fondled by a strange man and
allowing him to kiss her in the most intimate way. Plus, she had to
admit with great guilt, an exciting way.

Pam's tongue moved with a life of its own, beyond the control of Pam's
consciousness. Saliva began to pool in her mouth and the masculine
tongue became more insistent, more active in her mouth. Pam felt her
nipples tingle and her cunt tighten. The man pulled his tongue from
Pam's mouth and, applying suction, drew Pam's tongue into his mouth
along with her sweet tasting spittle. Pam, curious, allowed her tongue
to explore the inside of the man's mouth. She hadn't been kissed like
this in a long time. It felt wonderful, Pam felt desirable, but the
nagging guilt and pain of what she was doing never left her mind. To
help herself survive the situation she thought of Bess...
actually 'Miss Bess.' Wasn't Pam being required to do this? It wasn't
her idea; she had no choice. The compartment opened for Pam and the
kissing stranger became part of her life with 'Miss Bess'. Anything she
did there, in that compartment, was OK. Anyway, it wasn't like she was
going to have sex with the man. Bess would say it was some harmless
fun. Bess would say that this was a way for Pam to discover how
beautiful and sexy she was. Her alcohol-clouded mind helped her accept
that.

Pam's tongue began to sword fight with the man's inside his wet, warm
and very sexy mouth. Besides, she couldn't ruin Bess' opportunity with
the other man. She owed a lot to Bess; this was one way she could repay
her friend, her lover, her mistress.

The couple broke the kiss and continued down the dark street. Pam's
companion held her even tighter and now didn't even try to hide the
fact that he was playing with her bouncing tits as they walked. "At
least he hasn't opened my shirt so anybody driving down the road can
see," thought Pam.

After pausing several more times for deep soul kisses the two couples
made it to Bess' car. The restaurant parking lot was almost empty. It
was close to midnight and only the cleanup crew and dishwashers
remained at Jake's. Bess opened the car doors and invited the men to
sit with them, "for just a few minutes."

The men still hoped to be taken home with the women.

Bess and the man who walked with her slid into the front seat, while
Pam's "date" pushed her into the back and climbed in with her. The
doors were shut and the car was dark except a dim light that filtered
through the windows from a street light at the other end of the parking
lot. Pam felt a little safer in Bess' car, but the man with her soon
had her head tilted back and had resumed kissing her hard. Pam felt
like a youngster again. She had never gone "parking" very often. On
occasion, she and Bill had "steamed up the windows" before they were
married, with a lot of kissing and petting. But that was as far as it
went. It was a strange feeling for the 37-year-old housewife and
mother. Sitting in the back seat of a car "making out" with a man.

He draped one arm around Pam's shoulders. While they kissed, he wasted
no time in pulling the sides of Pam's shirt open and even unbuttoning a
couple of more buttons. The sides of the blouse were pushed back on her
arms, and both of Pam's red tipped tits were completely exposed.

The man stopped kissing Pam's mouth and with delicate butterfly kisses
moved down her neck onto her chest. This allowed Pam to see what was
happening in the front seat. Bess was deeply kissing the man beside
her. The Pam heard the muted sound of a zipper. Bess broke the kiss and
looked towards the man's lap. Pam could see her shoulder move as Bess
manipulated a hand, then a smile crept onto Bess' face and she lowered
her head. Pam couldn't see what was going on, but the man in the front
seat laid his head back on the car's head rest and staring at the
ceiling of the car, a moan escaped from his lips. Then he
mumbled, "Ohhh, that feels great." Every few moments Pam could see the
back of Bess' head appear for a second and then disappear from view
again.

The man with Pam was aggressively sucking on Pam's tit flesh. To the
point where some marks were being left by his ministrations. One of the
man's hands had crept up between Pam's thighs trying to reach her cunt.
Pam kept her legs firmly together. She wasn't ready for that yet, plus
her clit had been so sensitive over the past few weeks she knew that if
the man played with it she might well be lost in lust.

The man, frustrated by Pam's resistance, tried another tactic. Seeing
his friend getting sucked off in the front seat, he removed his hand
from between Pam's legs and unzipped his own pants. The man fished out
his hard cock and then guided Pam's hand to it. "Just because she
wouldn't let him play with her pussy," the man reasoned, "didn't mean
she wouldn't give him a blowjob too."

Pam's hand came in contact with the warm, hard flesh. She gasped
audibly in surprise. The man sucked on one of her nipples harder and
using his fingers wrapped Pam's hand around his aching stalk of
manhood. The he kissed back up to Pam's mouth. After several more spit
swapping kisses, the man whispered in Pam's ear, "Do like your friend
is doing. Give me a blow job, pretty lady."

Pam hadn't moved her hand, although she still held the male member and
enjoyed its feel. But she couldn't do what the man asked. She barely
ever even kissed Bill's penis. How could she give this stranger a
blowjob? She didn't think she even knew how to do it. She looked up
toward the front seat. Bess' head was moving up and down much faster.
The man was holding Bess' short hair in the fingers of both hands.
Slurping noises could be clearly heard in the small confines of the car.

"No, I can't do that."

"Why not? Your friend seems to be enjoying it. Come on," the man
begged. "You're so beautiful and you have me so excited. Please suck me
off." The man went through all the litany of arguments that men use
when they want to get laid or blown. But Pam was adamant. She didn't
let go of the man's hard cock but she steadfastly refused to take him
in her mouth.

As they argued, the man in the front seat bucked his hips and let out a
bellow. Bess' head kept moving. Then it was quiet. After a few moments,
Bess head appeared above the seat and she wiped her lips with the back
or her hand.

"Ummm, that was good," she exclaimed.

"God Yesssssss," the man agreed in a deep grunt.

Fed up with Pam's unwillingness, and seeing his friend blast his load
of jism into Bess, the man grabbed Pam's head and tried to force it to
his crotch. Pam pushed away and screamed, "Stop, No, Stop!"

That got a reaction from Bess. Nobody was going to abuse her Pet unless
it was her, or someone she wanted to play with Pam. She reached over
the seat. When Pam pushed away from the man, she had dropped his organ.
Now Bess grabbed it in her strong grip and squeezed hard. The man
slipped back into the seat in pain. "Owww " he yelped.

Bess let go of her hold, "The lady said NO!"

"OK, OK, but damn she shouldn't lead men on like that, I've got a case
of blue balls like I had as a teenager."

Bess turned to Pam, "Pet he's right, we really shouldn't tease. I know
you don't want to give him a blowjob, and I won't make you."

Pam breathed a sigh of relief.

Bess turned back to the man, "She isn't very good at it anyway."

Bess continued, "But you need to give him some release, so." and in her
most matter-of-fact voice said, "... jerk him off."

Pam blanched. The man smiled, thinking that a hand job was better than
nothing.

The man next to Bess in the front seat added, "Can I play with her
tits?"

Bess laughed, "Sure, but be gentle. I don't want any marks that might
make her husband suspicious." Bess knew Bill would never see any marks,
she just wanted Pam to remember that Bess could make her play with
other men even though she was married.

The comment had its desired effect. Pam tried mightily to separate her
two selves as she reached out and took the man's good-sized organ into
her delicate hand.

Pam leaned forward to get a good grasp on the cock. The man next to her
began to lazily caress one of her tits while he waited for Pam's hand
to begin stroking him. Pam's other breast was soon being fondled by a
hand that was stuck over the top of the front seat. "Wow," the man in
front said. Bess added, "Yeah, they are nice, you should see them when
I tie them up."




Acquisition 18/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Bess and Pam looked at the hard penis. It was sticking out of the pants
fly of the man sitting in the back seat of the car next to the
housewife. Pam squeezed the cock in her hand several times. The two men
were busy playing with Pam's exposed breasts, each man hefting,
squeezing and pinching the tit they had claimed for themselves.

Bess looking over the seat smiled and said to Pam, "Go on Pet, make it
squirt its cum."

"Yeah, baby, stroke it," the man exclaimed as he shifted his hips to
give Pam better access.

Pam held the shaft tightly and the hard cock's exposed head bulged out
at the top of her hand. It looked shiny and dark purple as the skin was
pulled taut across its plum shape.

"Miss Bess, I can't... this isn't... "

"Shut up Pet, I want to see him cum. You are in my car. Now kiss the
man and jerk him off."

Pam leaned forward and placed her lips onto the man's. Almost
imperceptibly, her hand began to move up and down on the hot cock.

"Yeah, that's it, pull my pud, honey," the man said just before he
stuck his tongue back into Pam's mouth.

Pam's second thoughts were pushed to the back of her mind. After all
Bess had ordered her to jerk the man off. Pam began to kiss the man
back, hard. Her fist picked up both speed and length of stroke on the
strange cock. Her delicate red nailed fingers pulling on the hard flesh
tube were an erotic sight for the couple sitting in the front seat
watching the action.

The windows had become fogged up from hot breath and much of the light
from outside was blocked. Wanting to get a better view, Bess hit the
electric window switch on the drivers panel, and all four windows in
the car silently dropped, allowing cooling fresh air to enter the car.
More light also flooded the car and Pam's active hand became clearly
visible.

Each of the men in the car also had active hands. The manipulation of
Pam's tits and sensitive red dyed nipples was having an effect on the
housewife.

She began to moan as the man's tongue pushed into her mouth. The odor
of female secretions filled the car as Pam's pussy became wet. Pam's
hand danced up and down the man's cock. He pulled away from her lips
and threw his head back. He bellowed, "Yes, Yesss, I'm cummmmming," as
his orgasm hit. His action caught Pam by surprise and stringy spurts of
cum flew upwards, hung in the air and splashed down onto Pam's skirt.
The last weak spurt of jism leaked out of the cock and ran down her
hand, coating her fingers and wedding ring.

Several clean-up workers from the restaurant were walking across the
almost empty parking lot to their cars when the man cried out in
ecstasy. They walked over to the car and looked in the open windows.

"Hey, what's up?", one man asked.

The man in the back seat said, "Go on, get out of here, nothing for you
to see. I was just busting my nut with this sweet thing."

The workers peered into the back seat and saw a pretty blonde with her
shirt open and tits hanging out. She was still holding the man's
shrinking cock in her hand.

One of the workers said, "Hey, check out the rack on that bitch,"

Another exclaimed, "Isn't that the babe we saw in the restaurant with
Jake earlier tonight?"

The workers walked away laughing and discussing Pam's finer attributes.

When the men looked in the back window Pam dropped the soft cock and
lowered her head. She put her hands in her lap, and felt the shame of
being seen like this by more strangers.

Bess told the men to get out of her car. The man with her gave Bess his
number. As the men got out, Bess told Pam to get in the front seat with
her. Without even pulling her shirt together Pam jumped out of the car
and quickly sat in the front seat. Being next to Bess, with the men out
of the car, gave her a feeling of security and safety. She knew she
would be OK now. Pam looked at Bess with expectant eyes.

Bess smiled at her and said, "It's OK Pet, you did fine. Thank you for
being with me tonight."

Pam smiled as if she were a little girl being praised by her mother.

The men headed off across the parking lot. Pam looked up and could see
the man that she had just masturbated pulling up his zipper. She looked
away in shame. Bess cranked up the car and speed out of the parking
lot. At the first stop light Bess said, "That was so much fun Pet.
Wasn't it fun to kiss that handsome man? I'll bet you got turned on
didn't you? I know that all the men who saw you tonight wanted to fuck
you and even some of the women."

"Yes it was exciting, but what about... Bill?"

"OH! you are a silly little Pet. Don't worry about him when you are
with me."

Bess turned her head, to give Pam a gentle scolding look, but found the
housewife staring at her lap. Looking at the man's cum that ran down
her hand and skirt.

Bess, wanting to make a control statement, said, " Open your mouth,
Pet."

Pam felt secure in her friend's car. She didn't understand the order
that she had been given, but immediately complied with Miss Bess'
request. Bess reached over, dragged her finger through a glob of male
jism on Pam's skirt and then raised her finger to Pam's mouth.

"Suck my finger, Pet."

Pam looked at the wet finger, a drop of pearly white fluid hanging from
the tip. Bess pushed the finger into Pam's mouth and the drop of sperm
dripped and landed on Pam's pink tongue. Bess pushed her finger into
the pretty mouth a little further and Pam's natural reflex caused her
to close her lips over the finger.

"Savor the taste, Pet. Doesn't the essence of a man taste wonderful? So
creamy and sweet."

For the first time in her life, Pam tasted the saltiness of cum. She
had placed Bill's penis in her mouth a few times, but had never really
sucked him and he had never cum in her mouth. Pam was revolted at
first, but at Bess' urging realized that the slick fluid was not
altogether unpleasant. She finally sucked gently on Bess' finger. Her
tongue looping around the invading digit.

After a moment, Bess withdrew her finger. The light had changed. Bess
put her hands on the wheel and said, "We will have to wash that dress.
Why don't you lick off the cum from your hand Pet. I don't want it to
get all over my car."

Intrigued by the taste, Pam raised her hand to her mouth and began to
lick between her fingers, taking extra care to clean the cum off her
wedding bands. She eventually had to remove the rings to clean the jism
that had gotten under them.

"See, it tastes good, doesn't it? The man I sucked off tasted great. It
has been so long since I've had a man cum in my mouth. I just wish I
could have gotten fucked, but I didn't want anybody taking liberties
with you so I was careful. You should thank me, you know."

Finished cleaning her finger, Pam said in a quiet voice, "Thank you,
Miss Bess."

"Well, you can thank me more later. Dancing and kissing and sucking
cock made me horny. I am going to need you to wear 'Mr. Friendly' when
we get home."

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"I'll bet you are good and wet too. Don't worry, I'll take care of you."

Bess drove back to Pam's house and parked in the driveway. The two
women entered the house holding hands and talking about the "fun"
evening they had. Pam looked at the clock and realized that it was just
after midnight. Her heart sunk when she saw the light flashing on the
phone answering machine. She knew that she had missed her husband's
call. While Bess fixed two drinks Pam hit the message button and heard
Bill say that it was 11:30 and to call him when she got in. He was
worried about her. Bess came in from the kitchen and laughed, "Pet,
Bill called about the time you were jerking that man off."

Pam hung her head and said, "I need to call Bill."

"Ok, lets go upstairs and get out of these clothes. You can call from
the bedroom."

The two women went to the master bedroom. Bess helped Pam with her
clothes. The housewife was still having trouble with the zippers and
buttons wearing the long fingernails. Bess removed Pam's blouse, skirt
and shoes. This left Pam in the thong panties and stockings. Bess threw
Pam's clothes into the laundry hamper, then stripped herself completely.

Pam sat on the bed and dialed Bill's hotel room number. After several
rings, a groggy Bill answered.

"Pam, I was worried about you. Where have you been?"

"Oh, Bill I'm sorry I wasn't here when you called Bess and I went out
to dinner... Then we went to a movie... "

Bess smiled at the lie. She looked down and saw the harness and rubber
cock next to the bed left from the night before.

"Yes honey... Well after the movie the car wouldn't start... "

Bess slipped on the harness and climbed onto the bed with Pam.

"We had to wait for the auto club to come and jump start the car... "

Bess pushed Pam back and crawled between her legs.

"How is the trip?"

Bess smiled down at Pam and pushed her legs up and out.

"I'm glad it went well...

Bess grasped the cock that hung between her legs.

"Will you be home tomorrow afternoon?"

With her other hand Bess pulled Pam's thong panties to one side.

"Yes honey, I've missed you."

Pam's triangle of trimmed pussy hair pointed at her red clit. It was
hard and poking out from between Pam's inner cunt lips.

Bess rubbed the head of the dildo up and down through Pam's engorged
outer pussy lips. The housewife was so wet that Bess knew she wouldn't
need any KY jelly tonight.

"The girls and I will see you... "

Bess levered the head of the fake cock into Pam."

"... yooooou tomorrow."

Bess held still for a moment and smiled down at her Pet.

"I'm fine, just tired... I love you too. Goodnight Bill."

Hearing the line click dead, Bess fell forward, driving into Pam. The
housewife dropped the phone and grasped Bess around her strong
shoulders with her arms and Bess' narrow hips with her legs. As Bess
bottomed out into the open cunt, Pam lifted her crotch to meet the
thrust.

Bess smiled; there was still a lot of time to play with her Pet before
her children and husband get home tomorrow. Pam was submitting so
easily now. The training was going well. Play they would, and Pam was
so willing to play now... "

****

Bess was awakened by a stream of sunlight hitting her face. She was on
her side using only a small portion of the bed in the Henderson's
master bedroom. Bess stretched out and her naked body bumped into Pam.
The housewife seemed to be taking up most of the bed. "Of course," she
remembered, "I never untied Pam last night."

Pam was still sleeping. "Pet must be exhausted," Bess thought.

Bess slipped of the bed and looked down at the spread-eagled wife and
mother. Each of her limbs was tied to a bedpost with one of Bill's
ties. She was face down. Bess could see from the side that her heavy
tits were pressed down against the mattress. A crescent of flesh bulged
from under her torso. The newly shortened blonde hair was stuck to the
back of the pretty neck with dried sweat. The make-up that had been so
carefully applied at the beauty salon was all ruined. Much of the make-
up was smeared on the white pillowcase where Pam's head rested.

Bess stepped back and took in the entire view, "She is a beauty," Bess
thought. Her legs were long and well shaped, but Bess' eyes were drawn
to Pam's ass. The workouts had really tightened her buttocks up. They
stood up, rather than sag to the sides. Their firmness was very good,
given the fact that Pam was 37 years old. Red marks still criss-crossed
her pretty ass, but for the most part the ass that had been so red last
night was back to its normal pale white color. Just those few red
streaks existed as evidence of the punishment Pet had endured and
enjoyed. Bess found out that Pam had a very sensitive ass last night.
She had known that from the way Pam had reacted to being paddled in the
past. But last night Bess had discovered just how sexually sensitive
Pam was.

Bess remembered the evening...

Bess had fucked Pam to her first orgasm with the dildo. The phone dial
tone became an off-the-hook whine while they screwed. After Pam's first
orgasm, Bess replaced the phone and had Pam put on the dildo harness.
She was horny and wanted release. The housewife happily obliged her
friend. As Pam labored over the reclining figure of her, Bess even
reached up and fingered the dark red nipples as they swayed in front of
her face. Pam smiled at her friend as the tit teasing encouraged her to
drive the cock harder into the small figure that she completely covered.

Bess had her orgasm and relaxed. Bess enjoyed the rush and release that
cumming gave her, but once satiated it was enough for her. Pam, as they
had both discovered, was multi-orgasmic. Each succeeding orgasm was
stronger than the last. Pam could be stimulated over and over again. If
manipulated properly, Pet could stay in a sexual frenzy until she was
exhausted.

The evening continued with Pam taking off the dildo panties and Bess
detaching 'Mr. Friendly'.

Bess instructed Pam to play with herself. And Pet did, without
reservation. Sitting on the bed, unashamed, holding her labia apart,
plunging the cock in and out of herself. Pam watched herself as it slid
in and slid out, then looked up at Bess, and smiled, "Is this what you
want, Miss Bess?"

"Yes Pet, enjoy yourself. I want you to enjoy it. Then when you are
done you will need to be punished for your mistakes tonight."

Pam laid back, closed her eyes and masturbated with the dildo in
earnest. She felt her insides tighten at Miss Bess' words, but she was
enjoying the dildo too much to worry right now.

While Pam was occupied fucking herself, Bess looked around the room for
something to use as an instrument of punishment. Looking in the
Henderson's closet, she spied a rack that held Bill's ties and a few
old leather belts. She grabbed a number of ties and several belts.

She turned back to the bed in time to see Pam raising her ass off the
bed and moaning as she experienced her second orgasm of the evening.
Both of her arms stretched to her cunt, trapping her billowy tits
between them. The breasts were pushed together and up, the red tips
rubbing together sexily.

The housewife flopped back on the bed; her arms traveled up her
stomach, finally gently caressing her tits. Her pelvis was still gently
tilting up and down, milking the last sensations of orgasm. The fake
cock was sticking half in and half out of her red and engorged pussy
lips.

"Such a hungry little cunt, Pet." Bess reached over and withdrew the
wet dildo from Pam's pussy. "I think that you need to practice licking
again, Pet. I want you to be able to take care of your husband with
your mouth. After all, he has never cum anywhere but in that hungry
pussy of yours. After finding out that the fluid of a male isn't so
bad, wouldn't you really like to get a good taste of cum?" Bess handed
the dildo to Pam.

Pam took the slick cylinder from Bess and stared at it. "Go on Pet, put
it in your mouth."

Pam tentatively stuck out her tongue and touched the dildo. Then, at
Bess' urging she began to slave her tongue from tip to base. Eventually
the housewife sucked the entire tip into her mouth. Bess ordered Pam to
try various techniques of using her mouth and tongue on the fake cock.
But Pam was awkward at the practice cock sucking and Bess soon got
bored watching the housewife lick and kiss the dildo.

"Stop Pet, you need to practice on the real thing. Tomorrow when Bill
gets home, I want you to suck his cock."

"But Miss Bess, I hardly ever even touch Bill there... "

"Shut up, Pet. Trust me, he will love it. Every husband wants his wife
to be a good little cocksucker. You will do it!"

Now panicking, Pam pleaded, "Miss Bess, I can't... "

Almost screaming, Bess screeched, "I have had it with you, Pet. You
never, never argue with me. I need to really punish you now. You will
do as I say always, even with your husband! Now get up and stand next
to the bed."

Pam slowly climbed off the bed, her body trembling. Bess grabbed her
arms, looped one of Bill's belts around her head. The belt slipped down
around Pam's neck and Bess pulled it tight creating a makeshift collar
and leash. Holding the end of the belt, Bess doubled another belt and
swatted Pam's ass. There was a loud crack and Pam jumped, blonde hair
flying and tits bouncing. The noise was much worse than the actual
slap. The two pieces of leather had popped together making the noise.
Pam only felt a small sting on her buttocks, but the effect had pleased
Bess and the belt struck Pam again.

Bess led Pam around the room slapping her ass and enjoying the
housewife jumping away from the abuse. Bess soon tired of this activity
and led Pam back to the bed. "Just like a dog on a leash, you really
are my pretty Pet, aren't you?"

Eyes downcast, "Yes, Miss Bess," was the soft reply.

"Yes, just like a dumb animal. I have to train you, don't I? That's all
you're good for, fetching things for me and doing tricks. Well we
learned how well you can fetch men for me tonight, didn't we? Now how
about some more tricks, Pet. Lie down on the bed, Pet."

Pam laid on her back but Bess said, "Roll over, you stupid Pet, I don't
want to see your pussy and tits. I've seen them enough tonight."

Pam quickly rolled onto her stomach. Bess picked up a handful of Bill's
ties and began securing Pam to the bedposts. Pam had been bound by Bess
before, but only her arms. She had never been completely helpless. With
all four of her limbs tied to the posts, Pam was, for the first time,
physically helpless. She had always been mentally and emotionally
restrained, but now she was completely at Bess' mercy, body and soul.
Pam was frightened, but a strange calm also was present. Whatever was
going to happen, would happen. Pam couldn't do anything about it. That
gave her the freedom that only a submissive knows. The freedom of
giving your well being, your actions and even your thoughts to someone
else.

Bess admired her handiwork and looked down at the helpless
housewife. "Well that is a pretty picture, Pet. That is your main
purpose after all, to be a pretty picture for me. OK! Lets get your
punishment over." The doubled belt fell on the unprotected, quivering
ass cheeks. The tears began to flow freely from Pam onto her pillow.

By the time Bess was finished her arm was tired and Pam's ass was beet
red. But Pam had also had several small orgasms and the housewife was
grinding her cunt onto the bedspread, not to avoid the blows but to
stimulate her clit.

Bess dropped the belt and knelt between Pam's outstretched legs. She
gently touched Pam's ass and couldn't believe how hot it felt. She
could also see the moisture between Pam's legs. Intrigued, Bess gently
spread Pam's ass cheeks. The flesh between the buttocks was still cool
and white. Bess slipped her hand under Pam and could feel the wetness
on her hand. She drew a finger from Pam's cunt upward, between the rosy
ass cheeks. On the path the finger traveled, Bess' fingernail came in
contact with Pam's puckered asshole. The contact made the housewife
jump and groan.

"Oh, Pet. I never knew that your asshole was so sensitive. I knew your
cheeks were, but not your sphincter."

Bess pulled the asscheeks fully apart with her hands. Leaning down, she
pursed her lips and blew on the little brown hole. Her breath caught a
few stray hairs that surrounded Pam's asshole. The stream of air
tickled Pam and she began to writhe on the bed.

"They missed a few hairs here when they waxed you, Pet."

Bess touched the center of the brown ring lightly and Pam jumped
again. "I think I want to clean you up and explore this. Don't you
think that's a good idea, Pet?"

The sobbing Pam replied, "Anything, Miss Bess, but don't spank me
anymore."

Bess climbed off the bed and in the bathroom found a set of tweezers.
She ran the hot water in the sink and soaked a washcloth, making it wet
and warm. Back on the bed Bess again kneeled between Pam's outstretched
thighs. Leaning down, she gently rubbed the warm cloth down Pam's ass
crack. Pam was fairly clean, but the evening of dancing and the fact
that Pam's last shower was over 12 hours ago had left her in need of
some minor clean up.

To Pam, the warm cloth was soothing. Bess ran it from her cunt to the
top of her ass crack. Pam had never had her rectum so exposed and felt
shame, but again she gave herself over to the knowledge that Bess was
going to do what she wanted and Pam couldn't prevent it. At least she
loved Bess and she knew Bess loved her, so if anybody was going to
explore this most intimate part of her body, in a perverse way she was
glad it was Bess.

After a through cleaning, Bess leaned down with the tweezers. Grasping
one of the downy hairs that grew from Pam's anal area Bess jerked
sharply and plucked it. Pam jumped at the sharp sting, then settled
back down. It was awkward for Bess to spread the fleshy asscheeks with
one hand and pluck with the other, but Bess stayed at her task.
Fortunately, the area was not very hairy and it only took a dozen or so
plucks for Pam's rectum to be completely void of hair.

Bess used the cloth to once again soothe Pam's asshole. "Pet, now you
are nice and clean back here, let me see how sensitive you are."

"Miss Bess, nobody has ever touched my... my... "

"Say asshole, Pet."

"My... asshole... please don't hurt me... "

"Pet, my love, you know that I might hurt you, but I will always
protect you. You just lie there and tell me what you feel."

Bess reached over and talking a jar of cold cream from the dressing
table began to gently rub the soothing ointment onto Pam's ass cheeks.
Bess noted with satisfaction that she could feel some slight ridges in
Pam's ass flesh left by the belt. But the skin was not broken and there
appeared to be no obvious bruises. "I'm getting pretty good at whipping
her ass," Bess thought to herself as she worked the cooling cream into
the still warm buttocks.

Pam moaned gently in relief and from the gentle stroking. Once Pam had
soothed the sweet ass meat she lowered herself so that her face was
only inches from the dark crack where Pam's thighs joined.

Once again she used one hand to spread the flesh apart revealing the
clean, brow, wrinkled ring of Pam's anus. With her finger still coated
in cream, she gently began to rub her finger over the rough tissue.
This tickled Pam and she rocked her pelvis. Bess continued to stroke
the sensitive spot causing Pam to squirm. Finally, Bess placed her
pinkie finger at the center of the brown tissue and applied the
slightest pressure. This action didn't fully open the sphincter but
allowed the ring to tighten on the very tip of the invading finger.
Holding her digit in place Bess stopped and listened to Pam's
groans. "Does that feel good Pet?"

"Ummm... Ummmm," was the only response Pam could muster.

"Good, I see that you like this."

Bess withdrew the finger. Then she ticked the asshole slightly. Pam's
butt rose slightly off the bed and Bess thought that she could see the
sphincter muscle flexing and moving. "Well," Bess thought, "maybe I
should see how receptive Pam really is back here. This will open up a
whole new set of opportunities for training and control."

Bess placed the tip of her pinkie back onto the center of the brown
target and this time applied a little more pressure. She could feel Pam
flex her buttocks, not clamping them shut, but opening them wider.

"Damn," Bess thought, "Pam's body was really responding to this anal
play." The tip of her little finger slipped easily into the tight ring
and Pam bucked a few times as a result. Then the housewife settled down
and moaned louder. With barely 1/2 inch of fingertip embedded, Pam had
a small orgasm and whimpered slightly.

"This must feel good, Pet."

It was so different for Pam. This was one area of Pam's body that had
never been stimulated. Even though her mind thought that this was not a
sexual spot and that what was happening was dirty, Pam's sensitivity
along with her helplessness made this a completely new sensation that
consumed her. Pam was aware of nothing other then the strange and
wonderful feeling at her rectum.

Bess continued to apply pressure and a little more of the finger
slipped into the housewife. A little over an inch of finger was now in
Pam. Bess could feel the heat of Pam's insides on her finger. Also, it
was much different from the feeling of fingering Pam's cunt. Pam's cunt
was like wet velvet sheath that enveloped her whole finger, squeezing
it equally from top to bottom. This was like having a rubber band
wrapped around the middle of your finger. The part of the finger that
was in beyond the tight grip of the sphincter was lost on a cavernous
hot environment. Yes this was different, and Bess liked the feeling.
Apparently from the way Pam was flexing her buttocks, the housewife did
too.

Bess began to move the finger in and out slightly. It didn't actually
move in as out as much as Pam's tight ring flexed in and out like the
membrane of a drum. Bess pressed harder and her knuckle slipped in.
That was as far as Bess' little finger could go-- the cheeks of the
fleshy ass made further penetration impossible.

Bess wiggled her finger and was rewarded by Pam bucking her hips. It
became a little game. Wiggle... Buck... Wiggle... Buck... Wiggle...
Buck.

Bess could tell that the anal stimulation had Pam ready to orgasm
again. "God, she is incredible," Bess thought, "I envy her ability to
cum over and over again."

Bess gently withdrew her pinkie and Pam actually mewed at the loss.

"OK, Pet. I want you to cum when I tell you too, not before."

Bess placed her longer and thicker ring finger at Pam's asshole.
Feeling its presence at the opening, the muscle seemed to relax on its
own and Bess easily pushed it deep into Pam's ass.

"Hold, Pet... Hold... "

Bess began to saw the finger in and out. Now the tight ring slipped up
and down easily. Or rather, the finger slid in and out easily. The
feeling was like someone rolling that rubber band quickly up and down
Bess' finger.

After a half a dozen strokes Bess yelled, "Cum Pet... cum." Pam began
to buck and scream as her orgasm hit. Bess never touched her clit or
cunt. The anal stimulation was all it took.

"Amazing," was all Bess could think. She personally couldn't imagine
having anyone stick a finger up her ass. She would never let anybody do
that to her, but it was fun doing it to her Pet. And Pet let her, and
Pet enjoyed it.

Wanting to go farther but having difficulty holding Pam's ass cheeks
apart for access Bess tried to figure a way to hold Pam open so she
could use both hands. Bess grabbed two pillows and slipped them under
Pam's hips. This raised her ass and helped some, but Pam's ass was
still not opened up enough. She finally hit on the idea of using tape.
Leaving Pam tied down recovering from her orgasm, Bess explored the
medicine cabinet. No bandage tape was there. Exploring the house Bess
found some silver duct tape in a drawer in the kitchen.

Back in the bedroom, Bess tore off two 2-foot strips of the industrial
tape. Placing the one end of the tape deep between Pam's buttocks she
pulled the cheek back then stuck the other end to Pam's hip. She
pressed the tape down and it held firmly. Bess repeated the process on
the other flesh cheek. It worked perfectly. The pillows raised Pam's
hips enough so that her asshole was easily within reach and even Pam's
cunt was accessible lower down. Pam's ass cheeks were held widely open
and now the housewife was open to the probing fingers of her owner.

Bess rubbed a large amount of cream over the entire exposed area and
began diddling away on the asshole to her hearts content. At one point
during the evening Bess retrieved the dildo and pushed it into Pam
until it disappeared beyond her cunt lips. Bess worked her way up the
fingers of her hand, finally inserting her thumb into Pam's rectum. She
was afraid to use the dildo for fear of hurting Pam. Besides, the
feeling of her fingers inside such a private place on her Pet's body
was exciting for her.

The double penetration of dildo in pussy and finger in asshole had Pam
reduced to a crying, moaning, cumming, mass of flesh for over an hour.
Finally exhausted both women fell asleep.

Now Bess decided to give Pet some time to prepare for her family's
return. She gazed lovingly at the housewife then gently untied her Pet.
Pam stirred and slowly rolled over to look at Bess. "What time is it?"
Pam asked, still groggy and somewhat hung over.

"You have plenty of time, Pet. Relax." Bess bent down and softly kissed
Pam's cheek. "I love you, Pet. You make me whole. You will do anything
for me, won't you?"

"Oh, Miss Bess... I... Yes, I owe you so much, thank you."

Pam stretched and rolled over more. "Ouch," she exclaimed and rolled
back on her side.

"I think you will be tender for a while Pet. You relax I'm going to get
you a glass of water and some more cream."

Bess got her charge a glass of water from the bathroom. Pam lifted
herself on one arm and greedily sucked down the liquid. Then she asked
if she could use the bathroom, "My bladder is about to explode."

"Just a minute." Bess had Pam roll back onto her stomach then gently
rubbed some cream into the abused buttocks. "Now you will be able to
sit down, Pet."

Pam jumped from the bed and raced to the bathroom. The housewife moaned
in release as she emptied her bladder. Now only her head and her ass
hurt.

"Miss Bess, I don't feel so good."

Bess appeared refilled the glass and found some aspirin in the medicine
cabinet.

Bess gratefully took the aspirin and quickly drank down another entire
glass.

"I imagine you need fluids, Pet. That was some workout last night."

Pam lowered her eyes to the floor remembering all that happened.

"Don't be sad, Pet. It was wonderful. You did just as I asked. You
should be proud of yourself. Besides, wasn't the whole day yesterday
exciting for you?"

"Pam hated to admit it but had to agree, "Yes, Miss Bess, it was
wonderful. I never knew I could be so exciting or excited. But I feel
guilty."

"Stop, Pet, no guilt. You did what I told you to do. And I want you to
enjoy yourself. So no guilt understand?"

"Yes, Miss Bess."

Pam dried herself and flushed the toilet.

"Pet, take a shower and remove what is left of your make-up. I'm going
to make us some coffee. Then I will help you clean up the house before
your family gets home." Then Bess asked rhetorically, "What would you
do without me?"

Pam scrubbed herself clean. Bess arrived with hot black coffee and
while Pam sipped it, Bess used nail-polish remover to remove the long
fake nails and the red paint on her fingers and toes. Bess even brushed
out her Pet's hair. Pam felt very pampered since it was always she who
did whatever chores needed doing. But given her tender ass and headache
from drink, Pam appreciated all that Bess was doing. Next, Bess
stripped the sweat soaked bed. She stripped it and remade it with clean
sheets, then she tackled the laundry, including the sperm covered
skirt. Taking Pam down to the living room couch wrapped in her robe,
Bess cleaned up the kitchen and began the preparations for the
Henderson's family dinner.

After packing all of her belonging and giving the house one last check,
Bess went home. Before she left, Bess gave Pam a kiss and told Pam to
rest until her family got home. "And don't forget to give your husband
a blow job tonight. See you tomorrow love."

The housewife rested and waited for her husband and kids to return. She
wondered what Bill would say when he saw her blonde hair.




Acquisition 19/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Bill was pleasantly surprised by Pam's blonde hair. After dinner and
some family time with the girls, Pam and Bill Henderson ended up in
their marital bed.

As usual, at home, Pam undressed in the dark. She realized that she no
longer felt shame when walking around nude or revealing herself in the
most wanton ways when she was with Bess. That was different. She was
still shy and embarrassed with her husband. Why couldn't Bill be more
like Bess and demand that she do all of those humiliating things?
Things that deep inside thrilled the "normal" housewife. The dark also
hid her red nipples and drastically trimmed pubic hair from her
husband; after all, she would never be able to explain those things to
him.

Bill was surprised for a second time when his wife slid down his body
and began licking his hard cock like a lollipop. She never really
sucked his cock, but what she lacked in technique she made up for in
enthusiasm. After licking up and down his shaft for a while, Pam rolled
on her back. While gritting her teeth from continuing pain in her
buttocks she gripped Bill's cock and guided it into her sopping cunt.

Afterwards, Pam slept deep and peacefully. Her experiences of the
weekend had tired her and now she was snuggled in her own bed with her
husband. Pam was carefully lying on her side, ensuring that she did not
put pressure on her still tender buttocks.

The married couple had both enjoyed the sex. Bill was satiated. Pam had
enjoyed the feeling of Bill's penis squirting its jism into her. She
also knew that she had pleased Bill, but in the morning, awakened by
her alarm, her first thoughts were of her own body. She ran her hands
over her breasts and even tickled her vagina as Bill stirred and walked
sleepily to the bathroom.

Bill stood at the toilet and urinated. Thinking back to the night
before, he wondered what had gotten into his wife, taking his cock in
her mouth and even licking up and down his shaft. Not to mention the
way she grabbed at his ass and thrust her pelvis into him. That was
definitely something unexpected, but enjoyable, he thought as he shook
his penis and flushed. He egotistically assumed that she had just
missed him, plus maybe the workouts with their neighbor Bess were
making a difference in how Pam felt about herself physically. He never
looked at his wife's body much, because she was so shy about it. But
last night, holding her in the dark, he could tell that she had lost
weight. Her stomach seemed flat and her arms strong as well. Bill
looked at his own expanding gut and thought, "Maybe I should start
working out, too. After all, they say if you are fit you are more
successful in business."

At school that day, Pam was concerned about the reaction that her
friends and fellow teachers would have to her blond hair. She need not
have been. They were all excited about her new look. "The look" was
toned down because she wore her usual "teacher" clothes and minimal
make-up. However, Pam left her hair unpinned. Its short length made the
precaution of avoiding little hands unnecessary. Feeling the blond hair
bounce and swing against her face was a new and mildly stimulating
experience for Pam. Several of her coworkers even said that it made Pam
look ten years younger. Pam appreciated the remarks and knew that the
hair made a difference. She also knew that her toned body, and erect
posture, firmer tits and tighter buttocks added to her more youthful
appearance. Those things were not overtly obvious to the staff at the
pre-school, since Pam was in her standard baggy blue jeans dress. But
they all made a difference.

Pam didn't sit much during the day, her still tender bottom wouldn't
allow that.

That afternoon, Pam couldn't wait to get to Bess' house. They hadn't
worked out in a few days so Pam knew that it would be a workout day.
Anxious to see 'Miss Bess', the housewife decided to go over right
after work.

She pulled up short when she saw Mr. Odom and his two friends playing
cards at the property line.

"Damn," Pam thought to herself. She wanted to get to Bess'. She needed
to be 'Pet'. It was as if the three men were sitting there as a
challenge to stop her. She momentarily thought about going back to her
own house. But she really wanted to see Bess. Pam had the sudden
realization that she had to humiliate herself if she was going to get
what she wanted.

Pam steeled herself and walked purposefully across the yards. But her
resolve began to melt as the three old men started to make
comments. "Hello, Mrs. Henderson, nice day to get naked isn't it?" "You
did a great job washing the car, how about giving me a hot
wax?" "Seeing your dyke friend today, Mrs. Henderson? Or his she going
to see you?"

Mr. Odom added, "Nobody around Mrs. Henderson, lets see some skin!"

Pam finally made it to the back door on trembling legs. Without looking
at the men Pam removed her clothes and hung them on the outside hook.
The old men were cheering behind her.

"We will be here when you come back out," the men jeered. Pam escaped
into the house, hiding as much of her body as she could from the prying
eyes.

Once inside the house, Pam felt a calm descend over her. She looked on
the table next to the door but 'Mr. Friendly' wasn't there. She called
Bess and headed for the basement to work out. Bess soon joined her. Pam
helped Bess with her clothes and hung them up. Before starting the
workout, Bess rubbed some ointment onto Pet's ass so she could do her
exercises, some of which required being seated.

The workout was uneventful. Pam now easily ran through her exercises.
Once done, the women headed upstairs to shower.

While showering and drying together, Bess had Pam tell her about her
sex with her husband. After hearing about the great fuck but lackluster
blowjob, Bess said, "Pet, I am going to have to get you some 'oral'
practice. I want you to get so good that your husband will beg you to
suck his cock. And as you say to the rug-rats you teach, 'practice
makes perfect.' Don't you worry, I'll figure something out."

Pam assumed that Bess would have her "practice" her oral skill on 'Mr.
Friendly', but Bess had a much better idea.

Once the women were done drying Bess rubbed some more cream onto Pam's
buttocks. She had the housewife bend at the waist and spread her
asscheeks. Bess inspected Pam's sphincter. It appeared to be normal,
nice and tight. Bess was glad that the extended anal play didn't seem
to have any lingering ill effects for her Pet.

Then Bess gave Pam some time to herself in her private room. She wasn't
surprised when she heard the distinctive sounds of a porn video coming
from Pam's room. She had left 'Mr. Friendly' on Pam's bed. She knew
that later, after Pam had gone home, she would find it covered with
Pam's secretions.

Smiling to herself, Bess picked up the phone and made a call to arrange
for some help with Pet's further training.

****

On Tuesday, Pam went to Bess' late after her family's dinner. She was
pleased when Mr. Odom and his cronies were nowhere to be seen. But she
had the ticklish problem of undressing when most of her neighbors were
home. She had to wait in Bess' backyard for about 5 minutes. A family,
three doors down, was tossing a Frisbee in their back yard.
Fortunately, as nightfall crept across the neighborhood it became too
dark for the game to continue. The family of four soon went inside.
Seeing no one around, Pam stripped and jumped into the Bess' house. It
would seem that Pam, a shy housewife and mother, had become the
neighborhood flasher. She knew that sooner or later more people than
Mr. Odom would see her naked as she entered and exited Bess' house. The
prospect of being discovered frightened Pam to death, but it couldn't
stop her from visiting "her refuge" or doing what Bess wanted.

'Mr. Friendly' greeted her on the back table. After lubricating the
dildo, Pam slipped it deep into herself. The 8 inches of rubber seemed
to glide into her with ease now and she was beginning to enjoy the
fullness that it provided. Pam headed to her room to put on her high
heels. She was surprised to find Bess already there, going through
Pet's growing collection of clothes.

Bess handed Pam her high heels and watched in amusement as the
housewife struggled to bend over and fasten them with a cylinder of
rubber jammed in her vagina. Half sitting, half lying on the bed, Pam
finally got the shoes on. She stood up next to the bed. Pam looked
down; three inches of dildo had slid out of her cunt. She pushed it
back into herself with the heel of her hand. An "Ummmmmm" escaped her
lips as the blunt end of the dildo disappeared behind the hairless
pussy lips.

"Well, now that 'Mr. Friendly' is back where he belongs, let's do some
chores. Then we will have a talk. I have some exciting news, Pet. But
you have to do chores first." Bess loved teasing Pam. The housewife
wanted to ask about the news; she even began to say something. But Bess
walked away and Pet knew that despite her curiosity 'Miss Bess' would
tell her in her own good time. Pam had learned to speak only when
spoken too. A lesson she often taught her preschoolers.

Pam quickly did what little cleaning and kitchen work Bess needed. She
was happy to be serving her friend. This was a familiar situation. She
was comfortable in her role as naked maid to Bess.

When done with the chores, Bess led Pam back to her room. She told Pam
to take the dildo out of herself. Lying back on the black satin
bedcover, Pam expelled it by tightly contacting her vagina. Bess
watched in amazement as inch by inch the pink rubber cylinder came into
view. With only a couple of inches left inside of her Pam reached down
and pulled the fake cock all the way out. Bess had Pam take off her
heels. Now naked, Pam stood patiently as Bess got the workout outfit
from the closet. This was the outfit that had begun the process of
changing Pam weeks ago.

"I know you are still a couple of pounds from your goal, Pet, but I
think that this will fit now. Try it on."

The tight leotard fit Pam like a second skin but she was able to wear
it. Her unrestrained tits still bounced invitingly as the stretchy
nylon material didn't bind her as much as it stuck to her. Pam looked
great and if she lost a few more pounds, she would have a centerfold's
body. Bess had Pam put on her jogging shoes.

"You look great, Pet. See, all of the work has paid off. You never
thought you would get into this outfit, did you?"

"No, Miss Bess. Thank you so much for helping me. I never knew I could
look like this." Pam actually began to cry in gratitude to Bess.

"Now Now, Pet. We are still not done. So don't think out time together
is over."

Pam face looked like a little girl and she said in a soft voice, "I
never want our time together to be over."

Firmly Bess said, "Don't you worry, I will never let you go Pet. You
just keep doing what I say, when I say. I will always be helping you
and if you are good, your punishments will be kept to a minimum."

Pam hugged herself to Bess, mumbling, "Thank you, thank you."

Bess smiled and thought to herself, "I make this housewife cunt my
slave and she thanks me for it." Then the tenderness of feelings for
Pam surfaced and Bess actually hugged her Pet back.

"I have two pieces of news, Pet."

Pam waited expectantly, knowing not to say anything.

"First news is that tomorrow we are going to work out with Scotty. I
know how much you like him. That's why I wanted you to try on the
leotard. We are going to his and Jake's apartment to use their exercise
equipment. Scotty said that we could even use the tanning bed. Won't
that be fun?"

Working out with Scotty would be wonderful, the housewife thought. Pam
hadn't really been able to talk with the young man for some time. She
daydreamed momentarily about the blond young man's beautiful muscular
body. He was such a special friend.

"Do you want to know the second part of my news?"

Snapped back from her thoughts, Pam replied, "Yes, Miss Bess."

"Well I know that you noticed that Mr. Odom and his friends were not in
the yard tonight. He came to see me today. It seems he can't be sitting
around waiting for you at all different hours. He kind of threatened
you, Pam. But I took care of him so you don't have to worry."

Pam felt her stomach sink and visibly shook, "Oh God, my husband, my
family."

"I made a deal with him, Pam. It will be fine."

Pam, unsure, waited for the other shoe to drop.

"You know Pam, as summer approaches more and more people will be
outside at all hours. I still want you naked in my house but I can't
have you getting arrested for indecent exposure. So I killed two birds
with one stone. Mr. Odom and his dirty old men are going to build a
privacy fence around my patio. That way you can take off your clothes
outside without fear of anyone seeing you, especially the girls. Those
old guys proved that they were good workers when they dried my car the
other day. All it took to get them working was my Pet showing off a
little. You didn't mind, did you, Pet? In return for the privacy fence
you wouldn't mind showing off for those old geezers some more, would
you?"

"Miss Bess, I don't... They are so nasty... I mean... I'm married... "

"Shit, here you go with the married crap again. Over here you are
married, all right, you are married to me, understand?"

The tone in Bess' voice caused Pam to look down and meekly reply, "Yes,
Miss Bess."

"You didn't let me finish. The privacy fence will also let us work on
our tans. I don't know about you but I can't afford a tanning bed and I
like the way I feel and look with a little color. You should too, Pet,
you're so pasty white."

Pam looked up. "But what about Mr. Odom?"

In return for building-- and paying for, I might add-- the fence, he
and his buddies are going to move their card game onto my patio. They
get to play cards while we sun ourselves. See? That's not so bad. I'll
be right there with you. And I'll be naked too. Believe me, it's harder
for me with my skinny body than it is for you." Bess poked one of Pam's
tits to make the point and the red nipple immediately got hard.

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"That's better. Listen Pet; Scotty has to work at the restaurant at
night so I want you to arrange for the girls to go home with friends
tomorrow. I'll pick you up tomorrow at home right after lunch, so be
wearing this workout outfit and we will go to Scotty's and Jake's
apartment. We will have all afternoon for our workout and we can pick
up the girls on the way home afterwards."

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"And while we are gone tomorrow Mr. Odom and friends will be putting up
our new fence. Now go home, Pet. You can wear this home so you will
have it for tomorrow."

Pam started to leave but before she got out the door, Bess added, "no
panties or bra under the spandex tomorrow, Pet. They would ruin the
smooth look, and I want you to look your best."

Pam walked back to her house with a skip in her step. Before she went
into her home, she put her baggy dress on over the leotard. She didn't
want Bill or the girls to see her in such a tight outfit. But she was
smiling broadly. The privacy fence would mean that no one in her
neighborhood would see her dressing or undressing. Except of course for
Mr. Odom and his friends. Plus she was really looking forward to seeing
that nice Scotty again. Things were looking up.

Unfortunately, Pam didn't know that Bess had already arranged some
parts of the next afternoon with Jake. Also, Pam didn't know that Jake
wasn't as gay or have as sweet a disposition as Scotty. Pam assumed, in
her naive mind, that if Jake was Scotty's roommate and lover, then he
must be a homosexual that was no threat to her or Bess.

Pam carefully folded the workout suit and put it under some clothes in
a dresser drawer. Then she called the mother of one of her daughters'
classmates to arrange for them to be picked up after school and spend
the next afternoon with them. It was easy. Over the years, the faithful
Mrs. Henderson had often helped many of the kids in her girls' classes.
Giving rides and watching kids while other parents were busy. For some
reason, in the back of her mind, Pam felt that she might be having a
lot of the old favors paid back in the next few weeks.

The rest of the evening and school the next day were uneventful, except
for some more good-natured kidding about her blond hair. Pam rushed
home at noon. Getting a drink of water at the kitchen sink, she saw Mr.
Odom and his friends pounding nails into boards in Bess' backyard. The
old men seemed to be making great progress on the privacy fence.

Pam changed out of her "teacher clothes" and was waiting in her leotard
and sneakers when Bess honked the car horn in the drive. Pam bounced
out to the car and began chatting excitedly to Bess.

After enduring a few moments of Pam's animated talking, Bess waved her
hand for Pam to stop. Pam immediately sat in silence.

"No bra or panties Pet?"

"No, Miss Bess."

"Good. Now relax and read me the directions to Scotty's apartment."

The drive took about 15 minutes. It was almost 1:00 when the two women
rang the bell to be let into the lobby of the upscale condo complex.
They wouldn't be coming back out until just before 5:00. The next four
hours would be very interesting for both Pam and Bess.




Acquisition 20/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


The two women were soon standing outside a very modern looking apartment. They
hadn't been at the large door for more than a few moments when it opened and
Scotty greeted them. When he saw Pam a big smile broke across his youthful face.
Pam almost jumped forward to give him a hug, but Bess had swept in the door
before she could make a move.

Inside, Bess and Pam were impressed by the large open area. There was a lot of
glass and chrome furniture and stark modern art. The walls were white and a few
oriental carpets were spread on the highly waxed hardwood floors. The apartment
was beautiful but a bit cold in appearance. Scotty was wearing shorts and a
tee-shirt. He quickly ushered the women into the next room. It too was large and
was filled with a variety of state-of-the-art exercise equipment. A tanning bed
was in one corner and there were even some exercise mats at various places on
the floor. Most distinctive was the fact that two walls were covered by large
mirrors. Like most serious bodybuilders Jake and Scotty watched their muscles
closely as they exercised to make sure the muscles were being worked properly.
There was a large bureau and a stereo played music in the background. Pulling a
handle on a rowing machine Jake was working his body hard. When he realized he
had company he stood. He was a tall 6'2" and wore only shorts. Unlike Scotty he
was dark and had a large mat of black hair on his chest that ran down his
stomach and disappeared under the waistband of his shorts.

"Hello ladies, I'm so glad you could come and work out with us today. And I must
say, you both look stunning in your leotards." Jake flashed his brightest smile,
revealing the perfect white teeth.

"Scotty, take Bess' purse and get them each a towel." Jake picked up his towel
that rested next to the machine he had been working on. Scotty took Bess' purse
and placed it in the bureau, retrieving two towels at the same time. He handed
one to each of the women and stood silently as Jake and Bess discussed the order
of exercises and how much weight she and Pam should use.

It was decided that the men would follow the women's exercise routine. Scotty
going first, since he used the most weight. Then Jake, followed by Bess and
finally Pam. That way the weight could be reduced after each person was done and
everyone wouldn't have to be putting weights on and off the bars and machines.

Bess and Jake virtually ignored Scotty and Pam, the two submissives stealing shy
glances at each other as the discussion about working out went on.

Finally turning and addressing the entire group, Jake said, "Usually Scotty and
I exercise naked. But of course you know that. Scotty told me he worked out nude
with you. Well Scotty and I don't mind if you ladies want to strip down. Since
Scotty and I are lovers we often finish a work out with some sex, don't we
Scotty?"

"Yeah, Jake," Scotty said embarrassed that Pam was hearing this.

Nobody made a move so Jake simply added, "Well, maybe later." The he headed to
the first weight station.

Pam breathed a sigh of relief. But since Jake had openly discussed being
Scotty's lover, she felt a little more comfortable. But the commanding presence
of the dark handsome man also made her nervous. Jake just didn't seem like a
homosexual to her.

Jake and Scotty set the weights and the younger man began exercising. Once
Scotty's set was complete, Jake took his turn. Both Pam and Bess noticed how his
smooth muscles worked gracefully. Jake didn't have bulging muscles like Scotty,
but he was well developed and powerful. He looked more like an all around
athlete.

Jake finished and Bess took her turn. After several stations were complete all
four were sweating. Jake looked at Scotty and said, "You need to see your
muscles working, strip off your shirt and shorts."

Pam was embarrassed for her friend. She knew how hard it was to be the only one
naked when everyone else was dressed. Scotty began to protest, "I don't want to
embarrass the ladies... "

"Stop!" Jake shouted. He then walked over to the bureau and picked up a three
foot slender rod of wood. He walked calmly back to Scotty and without warning
hit the back of Scotty's legs just below his shorts with a cracking blow. Scotty
buckled and cried out in pain. But he immediately pulled off his wet tee-shirt.
Pam gasped as she saw the strong wide back come into view. It was crisscrossed
with red streaks.

Jake heard Pam. He turned towards the noise. With his dark eyes burning through
her, he calmly said, "I had to punish him earlier."

Jake turned back to Scotty and said, "Shorts too."

Scotty immediately pushed his shorts down and stood naked. Three sets of eyes
looking at him. Surprisingly, he held his hands over his buttocks rather than
his flaccid pink penis. As if he was more embarrassed at the red streaks on his
ass than he was of being exposed. Everybody in the room had seen him naked. And
the one thing that Scotty was proud of was his well developed body. Being beaten
by Jake was not something he liked to reveal-- unless of course Jake wanted it
revealed. It was the thing that humiliated him the most. Jake knew that, and
reveled in the young man's embarrassment.

Jake had noted the special looks that had passed between Scotty and the big
titted bleached blond. It was so easy to humiliate and control people when they
had the weakness of really caring for others. That's why Jake would never let
himself love anybody. In his mind, that was the ultimate weakness. Loving
someone made you lose control.

Jake looked at Bess and wondered if she had feelings for the middle- aged cunt
she controlled. He knew that Bess was strong. He could tell that from watching
her work out and from their previous meetings. He had enjoyed the way the
slender little woman challenged him. Jake liked the fight, but he knew that he
would win. He always did. And the prize this time was, what he guessed was a
mid-thirties wife and mother. Controlling another man's wife (or in Scotty's
case, a strong young man) was always a thrill for Jake. It was the ultimate
disrespect and proved that he was the biggest baddest dog in the pack. Plus it
was a lot of fun.

A tear came to Pam's eyes when she saw the marks on Scotty's beautiful body. She
knew the pain. But she didn't realize that while it hurt him, Scotty got the
same sexual thrill that she did from being on the receiving end of a punishment
blow. It was hard for her to understand that there were a lot of people like
her. People who had a need to be punished and used.

Bess smiled at Scotty's display. She decided that she would have to ask Jake
where he got the rod, and how long it took the welts to disappear. As she looked
closely at Scotty's tight ass, thinking about how welts like that would look on
Pet, she noticed that he had a piece of string hanging from between his ass
cheeks. At first she thought it had pulled off his shorts, but after looking at
it harder it was obvious that it was a heavy piece of cotton twine with a small
knot at the end.

Jake picked up a towel and began blotting the sweat from his body. Finally,
acting as if the shorts were in the way he slipped his pants down and proceeded
to dry his groin.

Where Scotty was light skinned and almost hairless, Jake was dark with a
profusion of curly black body hair. Dangling between his legs was a soft but
impressive cock. It swung back and forth as he toweled himself dry. Bess noted
that he was not circumcised. Pam looked at the cock with wide eyes. She had
never seen an uncut cock before. In fact, Bill and Scotty where the only men she
had seen naked. Of course in recent weeks she had seen a lot of cocks on porno
videos, but this was the first foreskin she had seen in the "flesh."

The four moved to the next station and while the men exercised Bess decided that
she would strip off her clothes as well. As Bess pulled the last of her clothes
off she gave Pam a hard look. Pam immediately knew what was expected, but she
hesitated.

"Pet, don't make me borrow that rod from Jake."

Jake, hearing the comment, stopped his exercise and watched the little scene
unfold.

When Pam still didn't move, Bess turned to Jake and asked, "Can I borrow your
rod? I have a Pet to train."

Pam looked at the three naked people. Jake and Bess stared hard at her. Scotty
looked at the floor. Pet shrugged her shoulders and began to peel off her
clothes.

"That's better, Pet, we will discuss your defiance later." Turning her attention
to a weight machine Bess added, "Let's finish our workout then we can work on
Pet's education."

Pam didn't understand the comment, but was glad that nobody seemed to pay much
attention to her nakedness while they continued exercising.

Jake wasn't as oblivious to Pam as she thought. He gave her sly appraising
glances and liked what he saw. Bess had been busy with the housewife. He
appreciated her general body shaping, but the red nipples and trimmed bush
pleased him. When Pam did some exercises that caused her legs to widen he could
also see the dark red clit playing peek-a-boo from behind the folds of what
appeared to be a very sweet cunt.

Within the hour the exercises were finished and the four stood toweling off.
Jake had Scotty fetch four glasses of ice water and they stood around greedily
gulping the cooling drink while they discussed some of the finer points of
bodybuilding.

To make a point, Jake had Scotty stand in front of one of the large mirrors. He
pulled and moved Scotty's powerful body pointing out different muscles and
tendons. At one point Jake reached down and fondled Scotty's penis. All four
stood there looking in the mirror as the you man's cock quickly became hard and
stretched out 6 rigid inches, parallel to the floor. Pam caught Scotty's eyes in
the mirror, but with a shamed look, he turned his eyes away.

"Scotty is such a horny young man. All I have to do is touch him and he is ready
to go. Aren't you, Scotty?"

"Yes, Jake."

Jake turned to the women, "Usually after a workout I fuck Scotty in the ass.
Don't I?"

"Yes Jake."

"But today Bess has asked that we show Pam how to properly suck a cock. Scotty
is the best cocksucker."

Pam looked at Bess as she realized the real reason they were here. Bess had said
that she would help Pam learn how to pleasure a man orally. Apparently Scotty
and Jake were going to give her a demonstration. Despite herself, the thought of
two men sucking each other off in front of her made Pam's cunt moisten and she
shivered with anticipation.

Jake led Scotty by his turgid cock over to one of the mats. Releasing the young
man's hard member he placed his hands on Scotty's shoulders and pushed him to
his knees.

Jake smiled and said, "Come over and watch closely, Pet. Scotty has such a
talented mouth. I have taught him just what a man likes."

Bess placed her hand on Pam's back and propelled her forward. The two women and
Jake stood naked in a small circle. Scotty was in the middle of the group, on
his knees.

"Now, Pet, watch how Scotty makes me hard with his mouth."

Scotty was humiliated. He didn't mind sucking Jake, in fact he enjoyed it, but
he hated that Pam was watching.

"Go on Scotty, just pretend we are alone. Don't worry about the ladies."

Scotty knew Jake's body well. On his knees in front of the older man was a
position he often found himself in. So he closed his eyes and leaned forward
sucking Jake's still flaccid cock all the way into his mouth. Jake liked it when
he did that. Jake liked for his cock to harden in Scotty's warm moist mouth.
When he got hard, Scotty would only be able to hold about half of the impressive
fuck stick in his mouth. But now every bit of the soft dark flesh was inside the
practiced mouth.

Pam was mesmerized by the sight. Seeing someone take a cock into their mouth
just a few feet away was fantastic. The fact that it was a man only added a
perverse thrill. Bess placed a hand on her shoulder and whispered, "Get a closer
look, Pet." Bess pressed down, and Pam, wanting to see every part of what was
transpiring, dropped to her knees next to Scotty.

Jake smiled at Bess. Then looked down onto the top of two blond heads. The face
of one was buried in his pubic hair, the other watched with wide eyes and
involuntarily licked her lips.

The sight made Jake's cock spring to life and soon its length and girth was
pushing itself out of Scotty's full mouth.

"Good boy, now show her how to work it." Jake placed his hand on Scotty's head,
then he reached out and placed his other hand gently on the back of Pam's head,
gently pulling her closer. Her face was now only inches from Scotty's sucking
lips and the tender flesh that hung from his mouth.

Scotty pulled his face back, leaving only the spongy head of Jake's prick
between his lips. Then he began to run his tongue in circles around its shovel
shape. He used the pink tip of his tongue to push back the foreskin and expose
the sensitive skin underneath.

"Watch how he teases my cockhead, Pet. That is a great way to begin a blow job.
Play with my balls, Scotty."

The young man reached up and hefted the large hairy balls in the palm of his
hand. They were the size of small oranges and heavy with sperm. Jake softly
expelled his breath and Scotty rolled his testicles in his hand and sucked half
of the big cock back into his mouth.

Pam could see Scotty's cheeks bulge and hollow as he began a rhythmic sucking
action on the hard member. She leaned forward even closer. Her breast rubbed
against Jake's thigh. Her nipple felt like a hot poker as it pressed against his
flesh.

Bess stepped behind Pam and said, "Pet, you try it. Do just like Scotty." Bess
reached forward and wrapped her small hand around the exposed part of Jake's
thick cock. She pulled it from Scotty's mouth and pointed it right at Pam's
face. Jake, who still had his hand on the back of Pam's head urged her forward.

"Do it, Pet, you have to learn. Put the cock in your mouth."

Mesmerized, Pam licked her dry lips and took the tip between her lips. It was
still slick from Scotty's saliva.

"Good, Pet," Jake said quietly, "Now you finally know where you belong, on your
knees with a cock in your mouth."

Bess didn't care for that comment, but let it pass, as she enjoyed the further
debasement of Pam. After all, Pam was doing just what she wanted.

Pam began to awkwardly bob her head up and down on the stiff cock. It tasted a
bit salty from sweat. But it was hot and smooth in her mouth, much larger than
her husband's. She wasn't thinking about being unfaithful to her husband, what
she was doing seemed natural and her vagina was actually so wet that drops of
fluid occasionally fell to the mat she knelt upon. Later she would justify this
by telling herself that it was Scotty and Jake, it wasn't like she was cheating
on her husband. These were friends who really had no interest in her as a woman.
Later Bess would convince her that this would make her a better wife. But right
now all Pam could see was black curly pubic hair as she tried to stuff more cock
into her mouth.

Jake pulled back, "Pam, you have to make love it a penis, not just lick it and
stuff it in your mouth. Watch Scotty." He pulled the cock from her mouth and
shifted his hips so Scotty had access to his genitals.

Scotty eagerly took the cock back in his mouth. He hated to admit it but he was
a little jealous of the attention that Jake was giving Pam. At the same time he
felt sad for his friend. He knew Jake enough to know that he wouldn't be
satisfied until he had completely subjugated her. He needed Jake and respected
him, but Pam was his friend. His emotions confused him. But at the 'end of the
day' he didn't know what he would do without Jake, in the same way Pam needed
Bess. He needed Jake.

The cocksucking lesson continued with Jake's heavily veined fuck stick being
passed back and forth between the two kneeling sex toys. Finally, Jake called
the lesson to an end when Bess, horny and excited from the action, whispered in
Jake's ear that she needed to fuck. She was careful not to let Pam hear her
request.

Jake put his arm around her and whispered back, "I'll fuck you now Bess, but
only if I get to fuck Pam too." Bess reluctantly agreed. She was cautious and
still wary of Jake. She knew sooner or later she would have Pam fuck around, but
she wanted to make sure her Pet was ready. And she wanted to be sure that Pam
would always be under her control.

"Let's set these two up before we start, shall we," Jake stated.

"What do you have in mind Jake?"

"Just follow my lead. Have you gotten her into any anal action yet?"

"Just a little," was Bess' reply.





Acquisition 21/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Naked and kneeling Pam and Scotty looked at each other as the cock that they
both had been mouthing now bobbed away from them. Jake walked over to the
bureau. They gave each other self-conscious smiles. Pam noticed that Scotty had
a hard-on, the young man was excited from sucking his benefactor's cock.

Jake asked Bess if she had noticed the string hanging from Scotty's buttocks.
Bess replied that she had. Pam craned her head and noticed the string for the
first time.

"I like to keep Scotty's ass nice and ready for me," Jake said, as he walked
back to the kneeling couple with a small glass. In the glass was what appeared
to be a colored liquid. He handed it to Bess and she saw that it was actually a
string of blue beads in some clear oil. Each bead was about the size of a large
marble.

"Anal beads Bess. Scotty loves them. I'll bet Pet will too." Bess laughed she
wondered what other 'toys' Jake had hidden in the bureau.

"Pet, let's find out how these work." Pet was taken aback she didn't know how to
respond.

Jake stepped in, "On your hands and knees, Scotty show Bess your sweet ass."

Scotty got in the position and Jake and Bess stood behind him. Jake reached down
and grabbed the end of the string that hung between his legs. Pulling it upwards
he handed the end to Bess saying, "Pull on it."

Bess pulled gently on the string, drawing it taut. Using a little more pressure
she was surprised when a large red greasy ball popped out of Scotty's rectum.

"How many are in there Jake?"

"I don't know Bess, pull and find out."

Bess laughed and pulled again. Another ball popped out. There was about 4 inches
of string between each of the balls.

"Bess watch his cock jump every time a bead comes out."

Bess leaned down so she could see the man's penis pointing at the floor. Jerking
the string again she heard a pop as another bead appeared. The young man's cock
already hard and pointing at the floor, jumped and seemed to expand even more.

"Stand up Scotty," ordered Jake. The young man stood his cock hard and pointing
slightly upward. He was breathing hard, not from exercise but from arousal. Bess
dropped the string and the three balls hung from his ass. The first one swinging
and bumping into his knees.

Pam still kneeling watched the beads closely, her nipples hard and breathing
shallow.

Bess said, "let's try this Pet, get on all fours."

Pam hesitated but Bess pushed her down. "Show us, Jake," Bess requested.

"Spread her buttocks, Bess." Bess sat on Pam's back backwards, as if riding a
horse facing towards the rear. Pam could feel the scratching hairs of her
neighbor's pubic hair on the small of her back. Bess leaned forward and,
grasping Pam's twin globes of ass flesh, pulled them wide apart. The brown
sphincter appeared and Jake leaned forward to inspect it.

"Nice and tight, I'll be she has never been fucked in the ass, has she?"

Bess pinched Pam's flesh and said, "You answer him Pet."

"No... I... I... I've never been fucked... back there."

"In your ass Pet, say 'in my ass'."

"No, never... in my ass."

Jake smiled and said, "well I like to keep the beads in oil so they slip in nice
and easy. The oil also has a germicide mixed in. The asshole is such a dirty
place wouldn't want to get germs would we?"

Jake knelt down behind Pam. Bess leaned forward to get a good look.

"First you wiggle your finger in to loosen up the sphincter."

Jake dipped his pinkie finger into the oil in the glass and pushed the tip into
the housewife's anus. Once it was about half way in, he began to wiggle the end
of his finger. Bess felt Pam shudder and almost slip to the floor. She raised
her weight off of Pam's back momentarily until the kneeling woman regained her
composure. Then she said, "Don't move Pet. Don't you dare move."

Pam locked her elbows and steeled herself as Jake's finger continued to worm
around in her ass. She was breathing hard. her hanging tits were becoming
flushed, nipples hard and cunt beginning to spasm.

Jake smiled, "Pet does have a sensitive ass doesn't she?"

"Yeah, Jake, now show me the beads," replied an impatient Bess. She wanted to
get fucked and this play with Pet was keeping her from Jake's hard cock.

Jake smiled, taking his own good time. He wasn't going to be pushed by Bess. He
dipped his finger in the glass until he found the last blue bead. Then grasping
it carefully he placed the glass on the floor between Pam's legs under her ass.
The string of beads unraveled, part of then still in the glass. Without any
further warning Jake placed the bead at Pam's asshole and using one finger
popped the bead inside the kneeling woman. Withdrawing his hand the bead inside
Pam now held the weight of the remaining beads. Oil ran down the string from
where it appeared in the middle of Pam's anal ring down into the glass between
her legs.

Pet moaned slightly.

"The hard part is not the beads," Jake commented, "they pop in easy. It's the
string in between."

Jake began to push the string into Pam with a practiced finger until the next
bead was poised at her rectum. "You push the next one in Bess."

Bess reached forward and tapped the bead. It slid into Pam easily.

"These are the smallest diameter beads I have. Scotty uses a much larger bead.
But then again, my cock has stretched his ass pretty good. Hasn't it boy?"

"Yes Jake." Scotty knew that Jake calling him 'boy' meant that the afternoon was
about to get ugly.

Jake used his finger to push some more string into Pam. He took his hand away
when the bead was ready to enter Pam. Bess gleefully popped it in.

"Let me try the string," Bess stated.

After a few tries with Bess' fingers dipping in and out of Pam's now oily
asshole she got the hang of it. The rest of the beads soon were lodged deep in
Pam's rectum. Only two feet of string were left hanging out of her. Pam was
rocking back and forth on her hands and knees, moaning openly.

"Bess, as sensitive as Pet's ass is, I'll bet when you pull those out of her she
will go off like a firecracker," stated Jake.

The rubbing of Pam's back against her pussy had made Bess even more ready to
fuck. "Come on, Jake. I need some relief."

"Just a minute more Bess. I've seen how these two looking at each other like
love sick teenagers. Let's kill two birds with one stone. I don't like my
possession wanting to protect yours. You should feel the same way. Lets change
their relationship a little, so they won't be so innocently fond of each other.
Plus, Pet really needs a lot of work on giving a blow job. She was lousy working
on my cock. Only that sexy but innocent face and body made it worth my time."

What he said was true, but Jake also wanted to make Bess wait for her 'fuck'.
Jake wouldn't ever give up that much control to anyone, even someone as strong
as Bess. He would decide when he would stick his hard cock in her.

A frustrated Bess said, "OK, but hurry up."

"Bend over Boy. Bess pop his balls back inside him." Bess enjoyed fondling
Scotty's buttocks and then pushing the larger beads back into his asshole.

Jake walked back over to the bureau and brought back a small elastic strap.
Standing in front of Scotty he ordered, "Suck me, Boy!" Beyond embarrassment,
Scotty eagerly reached up and jammed Jake's still hard member into his mouth. He
kept a hand raised palming the hairy balls. "You are so good at that Scotty.
Think you can teach Pet?"

Scotty's cock was almost hard again. Jake looked over at Bess and said, "When I
tell you pull the string and pop all the balls out of him. Go slow so they pop
out one at a time."

The he turned back to Scotty, "Such a good little cock sucker." The words
inflamed the young man and he began bobbing up and down furiously on Jake's
spike.

"Now Bess, Now."

Laughing out loud, Bess pulled the string. bead after bead popped out. Each time
the rectum opened and slammed shut Scotty moaned around the flesh tube in his
mouth. Each time the vibration of the exiting bead hit, his cock jumped, getting
longer and harder.

At last the last bead exited and Bess stood holding the slimy string of balls.
Jake pulled his cock from Scotty's sucking mouth and kicked him hard over onto
his back. Then quickly Jake bent down and attached the elastic strap around the
young man's cock and balls. It had several individual straps that once snapped
in place constricted the base of Scotty's penis and the narrow area of loose
skin between his balls and prostate.

The strap kept the blood that had engorged Scotty's cock, in the young man's
cock. His hard-on wouldn't go away until the elastic constrictor was released.
He couldn't cum either.

"Bess I can only leave that on him for about 20 minutes before it does permanent
damage. But I think that that will be enough time to take care of your needs.
Now have Pet crawl over to Scotty and practice on his hard cock. They both will
hate it, but I think having Pet suck on Scotty for awhile will show then both
who their real friends are. Don't you?"

Bess laughed, "I love it Jake, you are diabolical."

"Yeah, that's me the devil himself. Just think, if not for that strap Scotty
wouldn't be able to keep a hard-on. Being sucked by a fine piece of meat like
Pet would just have no effect on him. What a waste"

Turning to Pam, Bess said, "You heard the man, crawl over there and practice on
your 'friend'."

Jake chimed in, "Scotty I want to hear you giving her instructions. If she isn't
any better at sucking cock later, then you will regret it, understand?"

"Yes, Jake"

Bess added, "Understand, Pet? If you don't practice hard, your little boyfriend
here will have hell to pay."

Pam didn't know what to do. but she didn't want Scotty hurt. So to protect him
she crawled, string swinging from her ass over and between Scotty's outstretched
legs.

With his voice cracking Scotty said, "Pam, you don't have to do this. I can
take... "

"SHHHHH, Scotty, its OK . I won't have you hurt. Miss Bess says I need to
practice on you."

Pam took one of her hands and tentatively touched the erect and red cock that
jutted from Scotty's loins. She gently wrapped her fingers around it and could
feel it throb to the beat of his heart.

"Does it hurt?" Pam asked.

"No, but it will go numb in a few minutes."

"Well then let me do this while you can still feel something. Help me Scotty,
tell me what feels good for a man."

Pam slowly lowered her head, looking into Scotty's face. She thought she saw his
eyes watering just before she looked down and engulfed the head of his young
penis in her warm moist mouth.

She heard cheering from across the room. Then she heard Jake say, "I never
thought I'd see his cock in a woman's mouth. Hey Scotty there is hope for you
yet, but don't forget whose cock is most important around here."

Bess finally chimed in, "Right now yours is Jake, now lay down and let me climb
aboard the beautiful fuck stick."

Jake flopped down on a mat and said, "Hop on Bess. I hope you're nice and
tight."

Bess laughed, "I may not have her body Jake, but I promise that this snatch will
milk every drop out of you."

Bess straddled the prone Jake and gripping his magnificent prick lowered herself
inch by inch onto him. "Ohh, ohh, umm," was all she said until she bottomed out
then wiggling her ass she said, "Wow, you sure can fill a girl."

Bess continued, "God, this is so good. It been so long since I have had a man
between my legs"

Jake smiled and said, "Ride it, you cunt."

"Yeah, Jake right now I'm all cunt," Bess began to piston her hips up and down
on the dark handsome man.

Pam was holding her sweet Scotty's cock in her mouth and despite herself she was
very aroused. She began to run her tongue around the blood filled stalk. She
could taste sweat on Scotty's glans, but he was so special and so beautiful Pam
actually felt a reverence as she worshipped his manhood with her mouth.

Finally Scotty began to gently talk to her. "Put your lips on the head. Tease
the slit in the tip with your tongue. Slide all the way down until your nose is
in my pubic hair. Lick my balls. Suck them into your mouth gently. Lick the
underside. On and on he went and Pam followed each instruction.

On the far side of the room Bess was beginning to build to her orgasm. "Cum in
me, Jake let me feel your jism shoot inside me."

"Hang on. I'm going to fill you up." Jake began to buck off the mat. He grabbed
Bess' shoulders and pulled her down while he thrust upwards. His cock reached
places in Bess never touched before, not even by 'Mr. Friendly'. His cock began
to spurt, jet after jet of cum washed over Bess' insides. She screamed as she
felt the searing jism hit deep inside her. It was the orgasm she had been
waiting two years for. She flopped down on top of Jake and laid still as the
last of his seed dribbled into her womb.

Bess' orgasm had left her numb and lifeless. Jake lifted her light body up and
rolled out from under her. "Fucking Bess had been pretty good," he thought to
himself, "She had a nice tight cunt and looked like a boy. After all he liked
boys as well as girls. Yeah, Bess was like a boy with a cunt. Not a bad
combination" Jake thought. He looked over at Pam and Scotty. He was still on his
back softly giving her instructions while she kneeled between his outstretched
legs, head bobbing and ass swaying. The string from her anal beads still
dangling between her slightly parted thighs. Jake though about fucking Pam right
now, but his orgasm with Bess had left his cock deflated. "No," he thought,
"I'll save my promised fuck with Pet until later. I want to make her mine. I'll
fuck her when the time is right on my terms." He smiled to himself and told Bess
to get up and see how her Pet was doing.

Pam was slavishly licking and sucking Scotty's now dark red cock. Long gone was
any guilt. The cock felt so good, so natural in her mouth. The only thing she
missed was her own orgasm, something or someone entering her wet, slick fuck
hole.

Pam became aware of something behind her. She raised her ass as almost an
invitation. Bess and Jake stood behind her. Bess reached down and grabbed the
string hanging from her asshole. As she felt it puled taut Pam dropped the hard
cock from her mouth and moaned. When the first bead popped out of her virginal
sphincter an orgasm began to course through her body, causing her arms and legs
to buckle. She fell onto her side. Another bead slipped out, vibrating her bung
hole. The orgasm became a dark void so intense that Pam could feel and see
nothing, just the sensation. It was if her whole being was sucked into her ass.
Pam was aware of time passing, she hoped that it wouldn't pass too fast. The
orgasm was incredible. When she finally clawed her way back to the light and the
intense sensations subsided, Pam discovered that she was on her back, arms and
legs waving and jerking uncontrollably in the air. She heard guttural moans,
then realized the sounds were coming from herself.

Jake and Bess watched Pet in amazement. "She is very special, Bess." Jake said
with authority.

Holding the beads in her hand, Bess could only reply simply, "I know."

After Pam recovered Jake bent down and released Scotty's cock from its bonds.
"Finish yourself," he ordered and Scotty, balls aching eagerly complied. Laying
on his back it only took the young man a few strokes of his fist before cum shot
several feet in the air and splattered down onto the mat.

"We are going to get on the tanning bed for a while." Jake told Pam and Scotty.
"You two clean this place up."

Bess, with a streak of evil added, "Pet, clean up Scotty's mess with your
tongue. I know you will like the taste of jism once you get used to it. You kind
of liked the little taste you had the other night."

Scotty picked up the towels, glasses and clothes that were strewn around the
room, while Pam embarrassed, but still excited, lapped the mat where strings of
Scotty's jism had landed. "He is a sweet boy," Pam thought, "even his cum is
sweet." On her hands and knees she moved forward to find the next glob of sperm.

After Bess and Jake finished in the tanning bed, Pam and Scotty had their turn.
When Pam got out she found Bess and Jake, now back in their workout suits,
talking by the bureau. As she approached them she heard Bess say, "I can't wait
to try these."

Bess ordered Pam to get dressed and soon the two women were driving to pick up
the girls. It had been an interesting afternoon. Bess realized that she had
promised Pet to Jake for at least one fuck, but she was more interested in
determining if Pet's new found love of cum could be cultivated for her
advantage. Besides, would Mrs. Henderson ever really be able to commit adultery
at that level? Would she ever allow herself to be fucked by another man? After
all even the President of the United States said that oral sex wasn't cheating.
So Bess would continue to work on Pet's cock sucking skills. And she knew that
there would be no shortage (excuse the pun) of cocks willing to be subjects.

Also, Jake had given her several items. Items from the bureau of toys. Items
that should be fun and extend her control over the housewife outside of her
house. Into her more mundane life of teacher and mother.





Acquisition 22/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


In the car, the girls commented on their mom's generally bedraggled condition.
Fortunately, 'Aunt Bess' covered up for Pam, saying that they had an extra hard
workout. Also, Bess had let Pam put on an oversized sweatshirt in the car. It
hid the skin tight leotard workout outfit that the girls' mother was wearing.
Bess wanted to keep Pam's dual lifestyles a secret from her family as much as
Pam did. It also added to the conspiratorial nature of their activities. A
secret between lovers, an exciting secret.

Bess dropped the Henderson family women off at their home and waved at Bill as
he was pulling into the driveway from work. Bess smiled to herself as she drove
around the block. "Oh yes, Pam and her nice family. Pam, devoted wife and
mother, who just a few minutes earlier had been sucking on the cocks of two men,
with colored beads jammed up her ass. Pam, her Pet, who made her life so much
fun." Bess reached over and grabbed her purse. Tomorrow she would try out the
little toys Jake had given her for Pet.

Once at home she discovered that her 'retired work crew' had finished most of
the fence. They had left, leaving a note saying that they would finish tomorrow.

In her home, Pam fixed her family a quick meal then ran and took a shower. Later
that night Bill made overtures for sex. Pam's first thought was if making love
with her husband would be all right with Miss Bess. After deciding it would be
OK, Pam had to consciously fight herself from sliding down his body and taking
his tumescent cock in her mouth. She was able to resist the urge, fearing what
her husband might think if she used her newly learned oral skills on him.

Bill was hoping that she would take him in her mouth again, but was afraid to
ask his proper, innocent wife for such an act. The husband and wife-- both
wanting the same thing-- couldn't communicate their desires to each other.

But Pam was pleased, sex in the middle of the week was a very rare occurrence in
the Henderson household and after today's 'workout' the housewife needed the
release. Bill's hardness felt good in her soupy cunt.

On Thursday after school Pam made her way to Bess' house. The three old men were
nailing up the last boards of the privacy fence. When Pam arrived they all made
their way into the enclosure and stood silently watching Pam. For the first time
they were within a few feet of the housewife as she began to strip off her
clothes. The men were strangely silent, but they all were watching her intently.
Pam looked around the enclosure. The fence was 6 feet high and 15 ft square. The
boards were spaced on each side of a runner so air could move through the fence,
but no one could see in from the outside. Pam felt a strange calm. Part of it
was the feeling of homecoming every time she came to Bess' now, but part of it
was knowing that she wouldn't have to worry about her family catching a glimpse
of her 'secret life'.

Because she was so relaxed and the men were behaving, she stripped off her
clothes in a normal fashion. She didn't try to hide or jump through the door.
She simply disrobed and walked with tits jiggling and ass swaying up the steps
and in the door. When the door shut behind her she could hear the men begin to
talk excitedly. She smiled as they described how beautiful and sexy she was.
Bess was right, she did have some kind of power over men, but Bess had the power
over her.

On the table was 'Mr. Friendly'. But peering in the door window were three faces
with big smiles. Taking off her clothes was one thing but... 'Mr. Friendly'...
Pam snatched up the dildo and walked around the corner out of sight. When she
reappeared, the dildo was deep inside of her quim and rubbing her deliciously
with every step. Pam headed for the stairs.

Bess was waiting in her room. She handed Pam the harness that held the dildo,
and without saying a word Bess dropped the robe she was wearing and laid on the
bed. Finally she whispered, "fuck me, Pet," and opened her legs.

Later in the shower, after both women had been on the giving and receiving end
of 'Mr. Friendly', Bess told Pam that she was going to have a small dinner party
the next night. She wanted Pam to help her. It was Friday, and Bill could watch
the kids. After all Bess needed her Pet to do the cooking and serving.

After they had dried each other Bess had Pam sit on her bed. "Look what I
brought from Jake's Pet," Bess exclaimed as she dumped several items from her
purse onto the bed.

In a small pile were the anal beads, two silver metal balls each a little over
an inch in diameter, a black rubber cone about 3 inches long from tip to base, a
black sleep mask and a gold plated thin chain, about a foot long with little
adjustable round eyelets on each end.

"Miss Bess, what are all these thing for?" The housewife asked in a simple and
credulous voice.

"Things for my Pet to enjoy."

"They are for me?" the child in Pam exclaimed.

"Well, Jake has loaned them to both of us Pet." Then she continued, "you know
what the beads are for." Pam blushed remembering the intensity of her orgasm the
day before.

Seeing her Pet color, Bess said, "They were wonderful, weren't they?"

Pam simply nodded her head.

"I'm sure these other things will be just as wonderful. Let's try these metal
balls first. Lay back on the bed Pet and pull your knees up to your chest." Pam
complied with a fluttering in her gut. What was Bess going to do?

With her knees touching her red tipped tits, Pam's vulva became a mound between
her thighs. The flesh around her slit was pushed up and out. The skin tight and
inviting. Bess noticed that little hair stubble was growing out where Pam had
been waxed. She told the exposed housewife that she needed a trim. "When you
take a bath at home use your razor and clean up those little hairs. Use a
make-up mirror, Pet."

Bess ran a finger up and down Pam's slit for a few moments. It quickly became
wet. "Now Pet, Jake told me that these are called Ben Wa' Balls. A woman is
supposed to keep them in her vagina. They roll around inside. They are very
therapeutic I'm told, and much more comfortable than walking around with 'Mr.
Friendly' stuck inside you. With these you can bend and move easily. In fact,
when you bend and move they are supposed to feel good. You can even exercise
with these Pet."

Bess took one of the balls and popped it into her mouth. She wanted to warm the
metal ball and moisten it. Remembering her last gynecological visit, Bess knew
how uncomfortable cold metal felt inside a vagina. She wanted Pam to enjoy this
experience. If what Jake said was true, these things would keep Pam's fuse lit
constantly. Which was just what Bess wanted.

After a few moments Bess took the saliva coated ball out of her mouth and placed
it at the center of the housewife's puffy slit. "Open up Pet, here it comes."
Pam shifted and squirmed slightly as Bess pressed her hand against the ball. It
didn't so much pop in as slide into Pam's pussy. "Ummm" was the only response
from the housewife.

Bess' finger followed the ball into the buttery snatch. She kept pushing until
the ball moved away from her finger tip. Bess could no longer feel the metal
ball, it had slid deep into the recesses of Pam's cunt on its own, as if
swallowed into the void of her sex. Bess was concerned that they might have
trouble getting it out of Pam's cunt. She didn't want to have to go to the
Hospital Emergency Room with Pam. How could you tell a Doctor that your friend
had a steel ball stuck up her pussy? Then again, that certainly would humiliate
Pet wouldn't it?

Then Bess remembered the amazing control Pet had over her vagina muscles, she
figured that Pam could probably expel the balls without too much trouble. She
placed the second ball in her mouth to warm it. This time when placed at the
center of the slit, the ball almost leaped off Bess' finger tips into the
clasping warm wet hole of the housewife. Pam groaned a little. Bess couldn't be
sure but she thought that she heard a muffled click of metal. Almost like the
two spheres bumping into each other deep within the housewife's sweet pussy.

"Ok Pet, put your legs down."

Pam lowered her legs, and immediately a quiet, "ahhh," escaped her lips.

"Stand up, Pet." Bess pulled Pam to her feet. The housewife stood, tits thrust
out, but her thighs were clasped together.

"Spread your legs slightly." Pam moved her feet about 6 inches apart. Bess could
see Pam's stomach muscles tighten as she flexed her vagina to hold the balls.

"A little farther." Pam spread her feet a foot apart. Beads of perspiration
began to pop out on the housewife's forehead as she continued to flex her
internal muscles. "Now take a step forward." Pam's right foot moved forward and
the change in the muscles she was using, released the ball. She could feel it
start to slide down her channel, picking up momentum, then popping through her
pussy lips and landing with a thump between her legs. The other ball remained
lodged deep inside of her.

A weak, sad "Oh," was all the housewife said as she looked from the floor to
Miss Bess.

"Back on the bed, Pet. We will try again."

After several attempts Pam was able to walk gently around the room without
"losing" a ball. The sliding and rubbing of the balls inside her oily snatch
kept Pam wet and on edge. "That's good, Pet."

"I want you to keep the Ben Wa' Balls inside of you all the time now. And I MEAN
ALL the time. At home, at work, shopping, at night in bed, wherever you go."

Pam looked unsure.

"You can take them out when you go to the bathroom, or when I tell you, that's
it. Of course you have to take them out before Bill fucks you Pet. But from now
on no more of that unless you ask me first. UNDERSTAND?"

Pam had confessed to Bess about screwing her husband the night before.

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"Of course most of the time you wear your big cotton panties so, you don't have
to worry about dropping a ball at an embarrassing moment. If that happens, you
will get the balls right back inside you as soon as possible."

"Yes, Miss Bess." Pam was wondering how she would be able to keep her mind on
teaching or anything else with the balls rolling around inside of her.

"Good girl. We will look at these other toys another day. Now Pet, go home and
be back here tomorrow at 6 O'clock. Don't forget to shave that stubble and no
screwing around with your husband tonight."

Pam and Bess walked down stairs. Pam very walked gingerly, keeping her Ben Wa'
balls in place. At the back door Pam finally got the courage to ask the question
that had worried her since hearing of tomorrow's party.

"Miss Bess, when I come to your house I am always naked... Tomorrow..."

"Oh, Pet," Bess said feeling protective of her possession. "First, this is OUR
house."

Pam smiled and felt a belonging to Bess like never before.

Bess smiled at her possession, "Second, no don't worry. When my guests are here
you will be dressed." At least for a while Bess thought. She continued, "Take
your clothes off when you come in tomorrow as usual, but then we will pick out
something nice for you to wear. My guests won't be arriving until 7 O'clock so
we will have time to prepare. I'll get all the food and it should take you no
longer than an hour or so to prepare. We will be having something simple.

Pam went out the door. The fence was finished and Mr. Odom had dragged his
picnic table into a corner of the enclosure. The three men were sitting playing
Gin Rummy.

Pam slowly descended the steps to the patio. She went slow, fearing that a metal
ball might pop out of her, and she didn't want that to happen. Of course her
deliberate movements gave the men ample time to inspect her charms. Pam could
feel their eyes boring into her naked flesh.

She was on the horns of a dilemma. Go slow and the dirty old men could gawk at
her to their hearts content. If she moved fast then the humiliation of her cunt
toys falling out would be unbearable. Pam opted to go slow.

As Pam reached for her panties, Bess appeared at the door. "Pet, you need to
thank Mr. Odom and his friends for building you this fence for privacy. Go over
to them and say thank you." Pam began to bend over slowly to put on her panties.

"DO IT RIGHT NOW!" Bess said in a harsh voice.

Pam shuffled over to the table, and stood with her thighs clamped together. She
stared at the azure blue sky, unable to meet the eyes of the men.

This woman was a piece of art the three men thought. Nice big tits, with nipples
red and hard. And that little bit of pubic hair on the top of her slit. She was
beautiful. The old men had never seen anything like Pam except at a strip club
or in some old 'Playboy' magazine that they all kept hidden from their wrinkly
old wives. But here she was, not more than three feet from them, a naked blond
goddess.

"God, look at her would you," one of the men exclaimed.

"I am, I am," the other replied.

Bess called from the door, "Pet, show them how thankful you are for their hard
work. Show them your pretty pussy. Spread your legs a little."

Pam was mortified. How could she spread her legs? The balls might slip out of
her very wet vagina. It was bad enough standing in front of these men completely
naked. They were her neighbors for God's sake. They knew her husband and her
kids. But here she stood displayed in front of them.

"Go on spread your legs, Mrs. Henderson," the evil Mr. Odom said, parroting
Bess' order.

Pam gently slipped her feet apart a few inches. Another few centimeters of Pam's
labia came into view.

"More," Bess ordered from the door.

God what was she going to do? She had her vagina clamped as tight as she could.
She slipped her feet a few more inches apart. More of her moist crevice appeared
to the delight of the onlookers.

"More."

Pam spread a little wider. Now she could feel the lower ball beginning to slip.
Millimeter by millimeter gravity was pulling it downward. Her juices gathering
in front of it like water being pushed by a window washer's squeegee. Making her
channel even more slick and breaking the friction that held the ball in place.

The men could now see Pam's entire vulva and pussy.

"Man look at that cunt," one man said hoarsely.

The ball continued to slip. Pam's dilemma was maddening what could she do? Her
hands fluttered at her sides. Involuntarily she raised one of her hands to her
soft rounded lower tummy, just above her pubic patch. She pressed the heel of
her hand into the soft flesh as if that might stop the movement. But the moment
of truth was coming no matter how hard she tightened her pussy. Her flexing
caused her wet slit to vibrate and jump.

"Look at her pussy, its alive," one of the men exclaimed.

The ball was now right at the opening. In a moment the men would be able to see
the shinny metal begin to separate her engorged cunt lips and then it would fall
onto the patio for everyone to see. They would see that their neighbor, a church
going wife, mother and teacher had a sex toy jammed up her pussy like a common
slut.

"This can't happen," Pam's mind screamed at her.

In a reflex action Pam slipped her hand down and using her middle finger, she
solved her dilemma. In her mind it was the lesser of two evils. She inserted her
middle finger between her cunt lips and pushed the ball back into her sopping
fuck channel.

"Look, she's fingering herself for us."

"Look at her, she has her finger stuck up inside, playing with herself."

"Jeez, I never thought I'd see something like this."

Pam stood in front of the men, breasts heaving in shame. Her finger stuck in her
pussy. Her face fell in resignation. This was all that she could do after all,
she had no choice. Holding her vagina like a little girl caught doing something
naughty. The old men witness to her humiliation.

Finally, Bess called out, "Get dressed Pet. Go home."

Pam walked away from the men. Her hand holding her vagina closed. She slumped on
the steps, and heard the door shut above her. Wearily she carefully pulled on
her panties. The men watched as she got dressed.

As Pam walked to her house one of the balls slipped out and bounced around
inside of her panties. By the time she got inside it was nestled between the
cheeks of her ass. Pam hiked up her skirt, reached into her panties, slid the
ball deep into her womb, then headed to her car to pick up the girls from
school. At least sitting in the car she wouldn't have to worry.





Acquisition 23/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


That night, after dinner with her family, Pam went to the master bathroom and
removed the Ben Wa Balls. She was still very moist and they slipped out fairly
easily. Then she used the toilet and climbed into a warm relaxing bath. Usually
she showered, but tonight she luxuriated in the hot tub. Remembering Bess'
instruction, Pam shaved her legs while sitting on the side of the tub. Then,
using a make-up mirror to see beneath her, she carefully lathered and shaved
between her legs. Leaving the triangle of pubic hair at the crown of her labia.
As she shaved she noticed that her clit seemed very red. She had never examined
herself very closely and the mirror gave her a new view of her sex organs. Her
clit was so sensitive these days. She dismissed the bright red organ as nothing
unusual. It was probably all of the recent stimulation that caused it to be red
and sensitive. She didn't notice that her red stiff bud was a perfect color
match to her nipples.

After drying herself she followed 'Miss Bess' orders and reinserted the balls.
After having them inside her all afternoon, they felt like old friends as the
balls filled her tight vagina once again. The housewife put on a pair of
panties. She couldn't have an accident during the night. What would Bill think
if they awoke in the morning with metal balls in bed with them.

Fortunately Bill fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow. He had barely
given Pam a peck on the cheek before he was snoring softly.

Pam laid in bed staring at the ceiling. She was horny and the balls had her wet.
She gently rubbed her thighs back and forth over each other until she achieved a
mild orgasm. "The balls really helped in making me cum," Pam thought as she
finally slipped off to sleep.

The next day seemed to drag for hours for both Bess and Pam.

Bess spent the morning shopping. Picking out some food and wine for dinner.
After lunch she called her guests to confirm that they were coming to dinner.
She would be dining with three gentlemen. The two that she and Pam had danced
with and made out with in the car. Also the gentleman from several weeks ago,
the man who had bought Pam drinks on their first visit to Jake's restaurant and
slipped his business card to Bess.

When Bess had called the men earlier in the week they all remembered the women,
particularly Pam. Each of them asked if the housewife was going to be at the
dinner before they agreed to come. At first Bess was pissed off that the men
were more interested in Pam than her. But, she was used to being rejected and at
least with Pam as bait she would be spending the evening with three handsome
men. If not for Pam, Bess knew that in all likelihood, she would be dining
alone. So she rationalized that the men's interest in Pet was a good thing.

Bess hoped that she would get fucked again tonight. The ride she had taken on
top of Jake earlier in the week had whetted her appetite. She hadn't realized
just how much she had been missing a good stiff man's cock since her divorce.
All three men confirmed the dinner, but each asked again if Pam would be there.

Pam went through her day as usual, but there was a big difference. Or perhaps
what could be better described as two little differences. She found that she was
able to almost forget about the Ben Wa balls at times. But she stayed wet and if
she made a particularly unusual motion the balls would move and rub. Chasing
after pre-schoolers meant that Pam often had to make little jumps, stretches and
bends. And each of those was accompanied by a tingling in her cunt. For much of
the morning Pam stayed calm. But at other times she came close to having little
orgasms. At one point when Pam was staring off into space a little girl asked
"Miss Pam" if she was all right. Snapping herself back from the delicious
feeling in her pussy the teacher said "Yes, honey," and then went on with her
lesson. She did her job, but every time she had a quiet moment her thoughts
immediately turned to sex, her wet pussy, and even the feel of a warm hard penis
in her hand, cunt or... her mouth.

After school, Pam went to the store and purchased the food approved for her
family's meals by Bess. She also picked up some snacks for Bill and the girls to
eat while Pam was serving dinner at Bess'. Bill had agreed to watch the girls
while Pam 'helped' Bess with her dinner party. In fact, Bill commented how glad
he was that their divorced neighbor was starting to socialize. He thought that
his wife had been a wonderful friend and continued to encourage Pam to help
Bess. For Bill, ignorance was bliss.

Bill had jokingly made Pam promise that since she would be out this evening, she
would have to be home to watch the girls on Saturday. He had a golf date with
some of his buddies. That was perfect for Pam. The girls didn't need watching on
Saturday morning or afternoon. They usually played with friends, and were old
enough to 'look out for themselves' during the day. Pam knew she would need an
exercise workout on Saturday anyway, since she was missing one today.

The rest of the day was normal for Pam, except for the constant pressure and
rubbing in her vagina. She stayed in a state of arousal except where her
concentration on some task helped her forget about the Ben Wa balls. She decided
that she would have to ask Bess if it would be OK for her to have sex with her
husband tonight. "God," she thought, "the way I feel I might actually rape poor
Bill when I get the chance."

Pam made dinner early and served her family right at 6:00. Seeing that all was
OK with Bill and the girls, Pam headed over to Bess', saying that she would eat
the food she helped Bess fix for her guests. Pam entered the privacy fence
through a gate and disrobed. Mr. Odom and his friends were nowhere to be seen.
"It's Friday evening," Pam thought, "Even they must have some family obligations
sometimes."

Naked and excited, Pam entered the house. Hearing the door, Bess called for Pam
to come immediately to the kitchen. Bess stood in the middle of the room. Pots
and pans were strewn about, and it was clear that the food was still a long way
from being ready.

"Pet, you need to help me. We have to cook the meal, set the table and I have to
get dressed. It's already after 6:00. Let's get going."

In her usual efficient manner Pam set about getting the meal in the oven and
cleaning up the mess. She got the plates, utensils and glasses out and meekly
asked 'Miss Bess' if she would set the table so she could continue with
preparing the meal. Bess was amazed and pleased at the housewife's control of
the situation. She didn't like responding to Pam in this way, but knew that it
was the only real help she could be. Bess did what Pam requested, but told
herself that she would remind Pet who was in charge later.

With just a few minutes of Pam's efforts, things were coming together for the
dinner. The fact that Pam had been cooking and cleaning Bess' house helped. The
visiting housewife probably knew the kitchen better than the owner. Bess told
Pam that she was going to get dress. It was 6:30.

"Miss Bess, what about me?" Pam asked, looking down at her naked tits.

"I have already laid out some things for you to wear on your bed, Pet." When you
can get away from the kitchen go put them on." Bess started to walk away, then
turned and added, "Oh Pet, take out the Ben Wa balls, and you need to put some
make-up on, understand?"

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"There is not enough time for you to do your nails, so concentrate on your eyes
and lips." Bess hurried up the stairs. About 10 minutes later things in the
kitchen were at the point where nothing else needed to be done until the meal
was ready. It was ten minutes before 7:00 when Pam rushed up the stairs to her
room.

On the bed were the pretty red dress and thigh high black stockings. Red high
heels were on the floor. That was all that was out. Did Pam not want her to wear
any undergarments?" Pam thought in a panic. "Surely she had just forgotten to
put panties and a bra out. No, she had put out the stockings. Bess wanted her
naked under the dress." Pam sat on the bed and contracted her vagina until she
could pull the balls out. They were slick with her secretions and Pam felt an
emptiness. Quickly she pulled on the stockings, then the shoes. Finally she
stood and slipped the dress over her head. It was beautiful with a scoop
neckline and thin shoulder straps. The skirt flared at the hips. The hem fell
well short of her nylon encased knees. Pam began to button the dress up the
back. It wasn't hard for her. "My exercising has made me flexible," Pam thought
with satisfaction, "Only a few weeks ago I would have needed help to get this
dress buttoned up."

Pam looked at herself in the mirror. "Not bad," she thought, "I can get away not
wearing a bra now. But I will have to be careful bending over." The housewife
sat at the make-up table and began combing out her blonde hair. Looking over the
limited cosmetics she had available she knew that the makeup she would be
putting on would not give her the usual Mommy look. The lipstick was bright red
and the eye shadow and mascara were dark. Pam didn't look slutty but the makeup
did make her look sultry. At 7 o'clock Bess stopped at Pam's door and said she
was going downstairs.

While Pam put the finishing touches on her make-up she heard the doorbell ring.
She could hear Bess greeting and several male voices.

As Pam came down the stairs, shoulders back, managing to be graceful in her high
heels, Bess and two men turned to look at her. Immediately Pam blushed as she
realized the two men were the ones that they had spent the evening with the week
before. Bess said, "Pet, you remember Joe and Hank." The doorbell rang again.
Bess opened the door and an older gentleman entered. Pam thought she recognized
him, but Bess immediately solved the mystery by introducing Gerald, the man Pam
had met at Jake's restaurant. With all the players in place, Bess instructed Pam
to finish preparing the meal while she had a drink with her new friends.

Pam retreated to the kitchen, glad to be away from the staring eyes of the three
men. As she took the meal from the oven and prepared to serve, Pam could hear
laughter and joking from the living room. Someone had turned on the stereo and
soft jazz filled the house.

Pam carried a tray with some chips and dip into the living room. The three men
and Bess were standing in a small circle talking. As Pam entered, the
distinguished Gerald asked Bess if he could fix the 'beautiful lady' a drink. It
was obvious that the men had quickly figured out that Bess was in charge.

"Sure," was Bess' reply, "She could use a drink."

The older man fixed a strong drink and, taking the tray from Pam, handed the
glass to the housewife. He put the tray on a table and smoothly snaked his arm
around her waist. He stood next to Pam and made no attempt to hide his efforts
to look down the front of her dress.

"My, My, Gerald," Bess exclaimed, "I expected these horny young men to be after
Pet, but I guess that silver in your hair doesn't mean that you don't appreciate
a good looking woman."

"She is gorgeous," he replied. That comment brought color to Pam's cheeks. Bess
slipped her arms into the arms of the young men she was standing with and
answered, "That's OK, it leaves these young hunks for me."

Everyone except Pam laughed and took sips of their drinks. Pam choked a little
on the strong alcohol, but managed to get down a swallow.

"How is dinner coming, Pet?" Bess asked.

Pam took the question as an opportunity to disengage from Gerald and head to the
kitchen. "I need to get ready to serve." Pam hurried into the kitchen, hearing
comments about her swaying ass from the men.

Pam stayed in the kitchen until Bess came in and asked if dinner was ready.

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"Good, we are going to the table. I want you to serve us."

Pam waited for a minute then began carrying food to the table. There were only
four places set at the table. Pam wouldn't be sitting with Bess and her guests.
"Pet, take care of us like a good little servant."

Pam was actually relieved that she wouldn't have to sit with the men. Playing
servant was a much more comfortable position for her. She felt so awkward around
men.

Pam began to serve each person. Bess was served first and she took the
opportunity to run her hand up and down Pam's back as the housewife leaned over
to put a plate in front of her. This action wasn't lost on the three men. They
correctly assumed that the housewife was fair game for a touch or caress, as she
served them.

Gerald was next, he duplicated Bess' motion but allowed his hand to run all the
way down onto Pam's ass. He couldn't feel any telltale panty seams and smiled to
himself. Then he craned his head back knowing that Pam's dress was short. He was
rewarded with a view of the fleshy bottom of Pam's ass cheeks that peeked just
below the hem of the red skirt and stocking clad legs that stretched towards the
floor.

Pam jumped away from Gerald causing his plate to rattle as it was dropped
slightly.

"Pet, be careful. I expect you to do a good job for me and my guests. Don't make
me have to punish you for being sloppy."

Pam blushed. Talk of her being punished in front of the men was not something
she expected.

"Well, what do you say, Pet?"

Pam blushed even deeper, it was bad enough being called Pet, but now Pam needed
to reply.

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"Good, Pet!" Turning to her guests, Bess said, "I sure that you gentlemen could
tell that Pet and I have a very special relationship."

Hank, wide eyed asked, "Does she do everything you say."

"Well most of the time. You enjoyed your handjob from her the other night,
didn't you?"

"Yeah," Hank replied, "Can you make her do... anything?"

All three men were listening intently. Pam was as well, but she was also leaning
next to Joe putting his plate in front of him.

"As I said, Pet and I have a very special bond, but within reason she knows that
doing what I say is really making her a better person. Haven't I helped you a
lot, Pet?"

"Yes, Miss Bess."

Joe, reached for his glass as Pam was leaning down and purposely rubbed his
forearm back and forth across Pam's chest. Pam jumped again and quickly backed
away.

The last to be served was Hank. Pam carefully approached his chair staying as
far away as possible while placing his plate in front of him. But the young man
reached out and placed his hand on the back of her leg and moved it upward under
the housewife's skirt.

Hank grabbed a handful of ass flesh, causing Pam to jump and drop his plate
several inches. The crockery rattling noisily as it hit the table.

"She did it again," Hank cried, "She did it again. You need to punish her."

Bess hated to be pushed, and simply replied, "Shut up Hank, you would jump too
if somebody grabbed your ass." Gerald and Joe laughed at the man. Pam beamed
with pride as her 'Miss Bess' defended her.

Pam's relief was short lived as Bess growled, "Damn you, Pet, some of Hank's
gravy splashed onto your dress. Come with me to the kitchen so I can clean you
up."

Bess stood and led Pam into the kitchen. There really wasn't much of a mess on
Pam's dress, but Bess decided that she would use this opportunity to humiliate
Pam a little further and prepare her for some training. She spun Pam around and
began unbuttoning the back of the dress. "We need to rinse this off. I won't
have an expensive dress I bought for you getting ruined."

"But, Miss Bess. They are just in the other room. They might see."

"Don't question me. Now lift up your arms." Bess pulled the dress over Pam's
head leaving her wearing only her heels and stockings.

Bess made a small show of placing the dress in the sink and rinsing off the
gravy. What she managed to do was soak the dress and make it unwearable. Then
she turned and said, "Since you are making such a mess, why don't you put on an
apron?" She pulled a frilly white apron from a drawer and thrust it into Pam's
hands.

Wanting to cover her nudity with anything because she feared the men might come
into the kitchen, Pam put her head through the neck strings. Smoothing the
material in front of her, Pam soon discovered that while the apron would cover
her a little, most of her body was left uncovered.

Bess picked up the strings at the waist and tied them behind Pam. The apron had
a small bib that only covered each breast to the nipple. Twin globes of tit hung
out from each side. The apron skirt did not reach the tops of her stockings.
Pam's back and ass were completely exposed as the apron didn't even reach the
sides of her body.

"There, Pet. Now you don't have to worry if you spill something else," Bess said
smugly. Then she left the kitchen saying, "Bring us our desert in ten minutes."

Pam stood in the middle of the kitchen, her exposed body covered with
goosebumps. It wasn't cold, the goosebumps were from the knowledge that soon she
would be naked in front of another group of men. She knew that they would be as
excited as her when they saw her 'new' body.

She touched her wedding ring gently and wondered what her family was doing right
now, just a few hundred feet away. She could hear the men joking and laughing
with Bess in the other room. She smoothed down the frilly apron, then tried to
push both of her tits behind the small bib. It was hopeless. Finally, she heard
Bess call out, "Pet, where are you? We are ready for desert." Pam picked up the
desert tray. It held four bowls of chocolate mousse. Pam stood straight and,
with anticipation of the men's reaction, walked proudly into the dining room.





Acquisition 24/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter

Pam entered the dining room. As expected, the comments from the three men began
as soon as she came into view.

"I thought you gentlemen would enjoy Pet more if she were dressed as the kitchen
help rather than a guest," Bess giggled. Pam tried to ignore the comments and
went about serving the desert. Bess of course was served first. Pam placed the
bowl of chocolate mousse in front of her.

"Thank you Pet, you certainly do make the dinner more fun. Too bad your tits
can't hide behind the apron." She reached up and bunched the apron bib between
the swinging breasts of the housewife. They were large enough to keep the
material stuck between them and expose all of the large red-tipped globes. Now
only Pam's pussy was still hidden. The men whistled appreciatively.

"Man, I knew she had some world class tits," Hank commented.

"Yeah, nice ass too," added Joe.

As she placed the remaining bowls in front of the men she had to dodge grasping
hands on her ass, tits and in Hank's case, up under the front of the apron
skirt. They all managed to get quick feels. Despite Pam's embarrassment she
could feel her pussy becoming wetter and wetter with each comment and grab.

As she walked around the table towards the kitchen Gerald reached out and
grabbed the tie at her back. She couldn't move forward, held at the waist. Pam
could feel the bow that Bess had tied coming undone. The bow's knot slipped and
the apron came loose at the waist. Trying to get Pam to turn back around, Gerald
kept pulling on the string. This threw Pam off balance and she started
staggering sideways. The heels, not made for walking sideways, caused her ankles
to buckle under her and Pam, with serving tray flying, landed hard on the floor.
The apron flew up around her head, blinding her, but leaving her entire body
uncovered.

Bess jumped up, worried that Pam might have hurt herself. The three men were
close behind. Between the cloth covering her head and the wind being knocked out
of her lungs, Pam was gasping for breath.

"Pet, are you all right?" Bess asked, concerned. She pulled the apron off of
Pam's head to get her some air. It fluttered to the ground, completely off the
housewife.

The three men quickly surrounded Pam and easily lifted her to her feet, their
hands taking the opportunity to hold her tits, thighs and ass. Pam leaned
unsteadily against the table catching her breath. As she leaned forward on her
elbows her right tit pushed itself into one of the bowls of chocolate mousse.
Pam didn't even notice, her breath still coming in ragged gasps, but Hank did.
He gingerly lifted Pam's other breast and pushed another bowl of desert under
the housewife. The tit made a plopping sound as it hit the sticky chocolate when
he released the breast.

Pam's breath was returning to normal and Bess sighed in relief. "You're Ok,
Pet?"

"Yes, Miss Bess," Pam finally choked out, still leaning on the table.

"Here, take a sip of drink," Hank said, wanting to see the chocolate covered
tits. Pam stood up and took the offered glass. Everyone burst out laughing
breaking the tension in the room.

Pam, finally feeling the cold on her sensitive skin, looked down and saw her
brown covered chest. She squealed in shock. Another round of laughter broke out.
Then Pam smiled and let out a hearty laugh of her own. It was a ridiculous
situation. She was standing naked in a group of fully clothed people with a
sweet chocolate pudding covering her breasts.

"I'm glad you are in the spirit of things, Pet." And everyone laughed again.
Bess picked up a bowl of chocolate and led Pam into the living room. The men
followed like puppy dogs.

Bess directed Pam to sit on the coffee table, then pressed on her shoulders so
the housewife was laying on her back. Pam's legs were on the floor and her
chocolate tits were pointing at the ceiling. Bess turned to her guests and said,
"Gentlemen, I believe that desert is served."

The three men dropped to their knees around the table.

"Miss Bess, what... they shouldn't... wait... Miss Bess, I was just supposed to
serve the meal."

"Pet, you ARE the meal."

All three men looked at Bess expectantly.

"Gentlemen, Pet belongs to me. I don't want you taking any liberties with her
unless I say so." Bess was enjoying her power, not just over Pam, but also over
the three kneeling men. "God, this is great," she thought feeling flushed with
her control, "They will all dance to my tune."

Bess paused, amused with the scenario that she had set up for the men and Pam.
In a level voice that masked her excitement Bess continued, "Did you know that
poor Pet has never had her pussy eaten? All her husband has ever done is kiss
her pubes a few times."

The worldly Gerald chimed in, "I thought you two were... "

Bess laughed, "Oh, we play but neither one of us are dykes. No, we don't eat
each other, but as sweet as she is, I must admit that it has crossed my mind."

"Miss Bess, No... I can't let this... I'm married... "

"Shut up, Pet. I'm tired of hearing that you are married. I told you, when you
are here you are married to me."

Bess reached down and grabbed Pam's left hand. Using her strong fingers she
roughly pulled the rings from Pam's ring finger.

"I'll keep these for a while, to help remind you who you belong to." Pam began
to sob softly. "Now we need to have our desert. Don't we, guys?"

"Yeah, lets have desert," Joe agreed.

"Now, Gerald, I'm sure that an older man like you has eaten a lot of pussy."
Bess scooped two fingers through the bowl of chocolate mousse and rubbed the
dark sticky gelatin onto Pam's cunt. "Get between Pet's legs and show us how
it's done. Hank, Joe, why don't you get yours from those nice titties of hers?"

Three grinning men all leaned over Pam simultaneously. Hank and Joe began to
lick the chocolate covered tits. Each man immediately went for the nipple. The
men's rough tongues removed the desert from the points of Pam's boobs Pam's tits
resembled chocolate scoops with red cherry's on top. After pausing and enjoying
the sight both men dived back down and slavered Pam's breasts with their mouths.

Pam reacted to the tit stimulation by gently arching her back towards the hungry
mouths. The tears of losing her rings and thoughts of Bill were forgotten as the
pleasurable feeling coursed through her chest. Gerald, on his knees between
Pam's legs, grinned at Bess and lowered his face. He tentatively stuck out his
tongue and licked the chocolate covered pubic hair at the top of Pam's wet slit.
Like the scene above, Pam's erect and hard red clit looked like a cherry nestled
in chocolate. Then he 'dove in.' His tongue running up and down the length of
Pam's pussy lips. The labia separating smoothly as the tip of the man's tongue
slid up and down. He didn't jab his tongue into her but worked on cleaning the
chocolate mess up. Once Pam was clean he teased her clit then stuck his tongue
deeply into her juicing quim.

Pam was being worked on by three male mouths. The housewife was writhing in
unabashed sexual stimulation. Two men were nibbling and licking her tits, while
a third greedily sucked her cunt. The diminutive Bess stood above the tableau
and enjoyed the scene. "Soon, very soon," Bess thought, "I'll have Pet doing
everything and anything I say. Anytime, anyplace, with no reservations." She
rolled Pam's rings around in her palm and smiled.

The housewife was building to orgasm. The first one she had ever experienced
with a tongue probing deep in her wet fuck hole. She was a mass of nerve
endings. All of the chocolate had been cleaned from her body, replaced by the
wet saliva of the three men. Sensing that her Pet was close to cumming Bess
shouted, "STOP."

The three men looked up quizzically from the feast that they were enjoying. Pam
continued to squirm on the table top, arching up to find the mouths and tongues
that had abandoned her. "No, finish, please," Pam moaned with unfulfilled need.

Using a harsh tone Bess said, "Pet, you are so greedy. These nice men didn't
come here to take care of your needs. They came to be entertained! Didn't you."

Realizing that their hopes might be answered the men said, "Yes, we need to be
entertained."

Bess pushed the men aside and, grabbing Pam's arms, pulled her to her feet. "By
God, they will all do what I want them to do," Bess thought, feeling powerful.
Bess was a head shorter than Pam and even smaller when compared to the men who
had struggled to their feet next to her. But she was in charge. All three men
were sporting bulges in the front of their pants.

"You guys sit on the couch." They dutifully complied. "Pet, get over here and
bend over, we are going to play 'naked housewife on parade' for them."

Bess produced the elastic tit bands that she sometimes used to try and make
Pet's tits bigger and more prominent. Pam hesitated as she stood in front of
Bess, but was rewarded with a rude pull of her hair to get her bending over at
the waist. Since Pam's ass was towards the men they couldn't see what Bess was
doing, but they got a nice view of Pam's buttocks and cunt lips that were
visible between her legs.

Bess began methodically 'milking' Pam's tits. Pushing and pulling more and more
blood and fluid into them. With a rapid and practiced movement she slipped the
restrictors over the engorged and hanging jugs.

"There you go Pet, now turn around."

The men got their first look at Pam. Seeing her bound and expanded tit flesh
they groaned out loud. While the men gawked at the housewife Bess strapped Pam's
arms behind her, but bent her elbows painfully to the sides so her hands didn't
cover her ass. The housewife in heels and stockings, tits engorged and heavy,
had her shoulders pulled back. In short, she looked like a naked 'Barbie Doll'
to the men.

"Ok, parade up and down in front of the couch. Give the guys some
entertainment."

Bess stood at one end of the couch and smacked Pam on her ass with her hand,
causing the housewife to jump and jiggle. Pam began her sentry like walk back
and forth in front of the men. Each time she reached Bess she was rewarded with
a slap.

"Anybody else like to spank her?"

"Hell yes," was the consensus and a series of palms began to rain down as Pam
walked. She jumped and dodged, causing her tits to move and swing ponderously in
a most erotic display.

Finally Hank couldn't stand it any longer. He unzipped his pants and fished out
a nice hard average cock. Wrapping it in his fist he exclaimed, "Shit, this is
fucking great."

The other two men, seeing Hank's cock, slid away from him on the couch in
obvious homophobic concern.

"Stop that, Hank. I want Pet to entertain you, but the real reason I asked you
all here was to take care of me! I don't want you jacking off."

Joe chimed in, "You mean we can fuck you, Bess?"

"Of course, that why you're here."

He continued nodding towards Pam, "But what about her? I want her."

"Shit, she's an uptight old married lady. She looks good I must admit, but I
will give you a much better ride. Just think of Pet as inspiration for you."

Gerald slapped the beautiful ass as it passed and said, "She inspires me."

"I'll tell you what, Pam has been working on a little project lately, haven't
you Pet."

Pam stopped walking and looked quizzically at Bess. "I don't... understand, Miss
Bess."

"Sure you do Pet. Remember practicing with 'Mr. Friendly'; and Jake and Scotty."

"Oh no, I can't... "

"Shut up Pet, sure you can. These guys will cooperate. You'll get some good
practice and I don't want them to cum in your mouth. I want their sperm for
myself. Just think of it as a practice session and helping me out by getting
them ready for me. You DO WANT to HELP me don't you Pet?"

"What's up, Bess?" Gerald asked.

"Well, I told you that Pet had never been eaten. But believe it or not she is
very inexperienced at blow jobs. She has never given one to her husband." Bess
grinned at the shocked men. "Well, she has licked and kissed his cock a couple
of times, but never a full suction, swallow the meat, drink the cum blow job. So
I've been getting her to practice. Would you guys help us out? Let Pam practice
on you, then you can fuck me all you want. We'll even keep Pam around so you can
be inspired to 'bigger and better' things."

"Shit, I'm ready right now," Hank said, his eyes drinking in the view of Pam's
wet cunt and massive reddening tits.

Gerald, the older gentleman, said, "I don't need these games Bess. If you want
to screw around I'm ready, besides I don't like sloppy seconds."

His comment pleased Bess. A man that wanted her. But Gerald was no dummy. The
young Hank and Joe couldn't think beyond their hard cocks, but he would happily
fuck Bess as much and as often as she wanted. And in doing so be around for an
opportunity with the gorgeous, big titted housewife that would eventually come
his way.

"OK, Gerald, let's get comfortable. But do you mind if we stay here with them? I
don't trust Hank or Joe and I want to protect my property."

"Bess, honey, I'll do you anywhere. I love your strength. And you do need to
take care of your Pet."

Bess smiled and thought, she liked Gerald. He was classy. She wondered what the
older man's cock looked like. Well, she would find out soon enough.

"You boys get off the couch. Gerald and I need a comfortable place. Why don't
you youngsters drop your pants and let Pam see what she is going to practice on?
That will give Gerald and I time to get to know each other better."

Gerald swept Bess up into his arms and guided them both into a reclining
position on the couch. He began to kiss the homely woman hard. But over her
shoulder he was looking at the housewife who, despite looking like a middle-aged
fuck toy, still managed to seem in many ways like a lost little girl. He began
to struggle with Bess' clothes and felt Bess' hands on his zipper.

Hank and Joe shrugged their shoulders and began taking off their pants. Pam
looked frightened, but her pussy was so wet. The spanking and the thought of
finding out what these men's cocks would taste like had her nipples hard and
cunt juicing. Her eyes darted back and forth from the crotch of one man to the
other. Anticipating which hard young (young for her) cocks would appear first.
She involuntarily licked her lips. She found herself wishing that they would
hurry.

Bess called over to Pam, "Practice on those cocks Pet. But they had better not
cum. You are just supposed to practice, I want them primed and ready for me when
Gerald is done."

The thought that this was just practice made Pam feel better. "The men won't cum
so I'm not really being unfaithful to Bill," she justified to herself. "Besides,
in the long run this will help me please Bill more. Plus it will help Bess get
rid of her terrible frustration of not having a regular bed partner."

Pam began to rub her tits. They were starting to ache in the most delicious way
with that mixture of pleasure and pain that Pam was enjoying more and more as
"Miss Bess' worked her. The red nipples felt as if they would burst off the ends
of her enlarged globes of sensitive flesh.

"Ooooo," Pam thought, "They are pushing down their underpants. There, I can see
them. There they are. Two nice cocks coming into view." Pam fell to her knees to
get a better look at the hard prongs.

"Anxious, isn't she?" Hank said to Joe.

Hank's cock, after being self-manipulated, stuck out and slightly up. Parting
his shirt, the last button buttoned caught on a nice slender cock head.

Joe's cock, a little thicker and longer, hung down slightly from its weight. Its
head was wide and dark.

"Ok, darling, you heard Bess," Hank stepped forward his penis bouncing as he
moved. Pam found her face only inches from the impatient Hank's very hard and
throbbing cock. The housewife reached up and tentatively touched the hard shaft
at its midpoint. She could feel the heat emanating from the organ. She examined
it as if it were a foreign object, then used her fingers to pull a stray pubic
hair from the head. Pam leaned her head forward and touched her tongue to the
underside of the shaft. It was exposed because the cock continued to point
upward.

"C'mon, cunt! Suck it," Hank said.

Bess, hearing the words, stopped her efforts of pushing Gerald's pants down and
said, "Shut up Hank, I'm the only one who can call the cunt a 'cunt'."

Pam was both pleased and dismayed at hearing Bess' words. Pleased that Bess had
defended her, but dismayed because Bess thought she was nothing but a 'cunt'.

"Go on, Pet, take him in your mouth," Bess said, as she pushed Gerald's pants
and underwear down past his tight ass.

The brief exchange gave Pam a moment to ask herself what she was doing here.
Naked on her knees holding a strange man's penis, while her family was at home
next door. But when Bess said "Take him in your mouth," she reacted like the
trained toy she was and slipped her warm sweet mouth over the male sex organ.

Hank let out a loud groan. "Oh, baby, you have the sweetest mouth, now practice
sucking that thing." Pam obligingly began to bob her head up and down, wet lips
slipping easily over the ridges. To Pam the cock tasted of soap and the faint
odor of urine. But the feel of it was what captivated her. Soft and hard at the
same time. Smooth and with ridges at the same time. The one constant was its
heat. Like a hot poker in her mouth. Pam giggled at the thought, "It is a hot
poker isn't it?"

Hank pulled his shirt open and directed Pam to cup his balls. She did so
eagerly, hefting their weight in her hand. "They are filled with his sperm," Pam
thought, "I wonder what it would taste like." But Bess had said not to have them
cum. And that wouldn't be fair to Bill, after all her own husband had never cum
in her mouth.

The argument was moot. The excited Hank grasped the back of Pam's head. He had
no self control and felt his jism boiling up from his bowels into his cock. Pam
could feel the cock expanding in her mouth. Having no experience with a cumming
cock in her mouth, the housewife at first thought that she had done something
wrong. But then she felt something scald her tongue. She pulled against Hank's
arms and the flesh weapon popped out of her mouth a second and third burst of
stringy cum hit her on the cheek and chin.

"Oh, my", a shocked Pam exclaimed.

Bess looked up from the couch, She had her small hand wrapped around Gerald's
impressive member and he was pushing her panties down her legs. Her hairy cunt
was rubbing against his stomach as they struggled with the clothes.

"Pet, what the hell did you do?"

"I'm sorry Miss Bess, I didn't mean... " Tears were welling up in Pam's eyes.
Not because a strange man had shot of string of jism into her married mouth, but
because she had let 'Miss Bess' down.

Bess squirmed out from under Gerald. She used the freedom to strip off the rest
of her clothes as she approached the kneeling Pam. "I told you not to make him
cum, Pet. That wilted cock is no good to me now." Pam burst into tears. "I'm
going to give you something to cry about. Now wipe those globs off of your face
and bend over the table."

Pam scraped her hand along her face, collecting Hank's sperm. She looked at Bess
as if to ask, "What do I do with it now?"

"Lick it off your hand, Pet, then 'assume the position'."

Pam could still taste the saltiness of Hank's first blast in her mouth. Now to
make amends to Bess she eagerly began licking her hand. Strings of jism
stretching between her palm and mouth. She did this without reservation. She did
this to show her contrition to Bess, but soon found that the taste and feel of a
man's cum in her mouth was a reward of its own. "Ummmm," she said as she licked
the last dollop of white pearly liquid from her hand.

Pam walked on her knees to the coffee table. Her tits were jiggling, even as
they continued to swell and ache. She leaned forward onto the table, but it was
uncomfortable with her enlarged tits squashed beneath her. She shimmed backwards
and allowed those beautiful big breasts to hang off the end of the table, like
two red torpedoes stretching for the floor. They throbbed with a dull ache and
seemed to have a heat of their own.

Bess produced the familiar Ping-Pong paddle and, naked with muscles flexing for
all to see, drove the flat piece of wood against Pam's white buttocks.

The smack resounded loudly and the men stood in awe.

Gerald had rolled onto his back pushing off all of his clothes and watched the
little woman strike over and over as Pam bawled uncontrollably.

When Gerald saw Pam's ass rise to meet the paddle he discovered that he was so
excited that he was absentmindedly stroking his own cock. Bess saw Gerald's
motion and yelled, "OH, NO you don't! I'm not going to loose another load." The
athletic woman literally jumped over the table onto the couch and planted
herself on Gerald's cock. In one fast motion the older man found his prick
engulfed in Bess' slick pussy. Obviously, paddling Pam had gotten her juices
going.

"God that feels good," Bess moaned as the man's prick stuffed her insides.

Assuming that it was his turn with the housewife Joe stepped up to Pam and
dangled his thick meat in her face, the head rubbing a drop of pre-cum across
her nose. "Time for more practice," he said.

Bess looked over and not pausing in her rise and fall over the prone Gerald,
said, "Don't you let him cum in your mouth, Pet. I'll have need of that stiff
prick in a while."

Pam's eyes moved from Bess to the large cock smacking against her face. Her tits
were really throbbing now and her ass stung from the paddling. Pam felt those
things, but she also felt the slickness of her own juices on her thighs. "UMMM,"
was the noise she made as she opened her pretty mouth and engulfed the head of
another cock. Bill and the girls were no where to be found in the thoughts of
the housewife, as her tongue began its work on the delicious shaft in her mouth.





Acquisition 25/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Hank watched the activity taking place around him. While he had his share of
women, the scene was incredible. The skinny little Bess was riding the old guy's
cock like a jackhammer. She wasn't much to look at, but she obviously knew how
to use her cunt. Gerald was moaning openly under Bess while he looked at the
couple at the coffee table. Hank followed his eyes to the table. The tits on the
married lady were sexy as hell, all red and hanging under her while her arms
were tied behind her back. Joe, standing at Pam's head, smiled at Hank as he
popped his cock out of Pam's mouth with one hand and presented her with his
hanging testicles with the other. Pam obligingly began to lick his hairy nut
sack. Joe then said to his buddy, "I'm gonna make this last. I'm not busting my
nut in one minute like you did, Hank."

Bess was muttering, "Fuck... fuck... fuck," as her orgasm approached. Pam began
to lick up from Joe's balls. Her tongue traveled up the underside of his cock,
until she was once again able to pop the spongy head into her mouth. She really
enjoyed the feel of the tasty head. The housewife, with only a little practice,
was becoming a good cocksucker. A talent that was born from her realization that
she really enjoyed having a male organ in her mouth. Not wanting to disappoint
Bess again, Pam went slow, gently mouthing the hard penis. Both she and Joe were
happy with the slow leisurely blowjob. The housewife mewed softly as she gently
wrapped her tongue around the fleshy cylinder.

Bess tensed up and experienced a solid orgasm as she labored on top of Gerald.
The older man was easily able to pace himself. His hard cock stayed inside her
as Bess fell forward onto him and relaxed. They both watched the housewife
feasting on her second cock meal of the evening.

Bess, sated for the moment, pulled herself off the hard prong, enjoying the feel
of its length slipping out of her channel. "OK Pet, that's enough. I want to
play some too."

Bess grabbed Pam by the binding on her arms and pulled her to her feet. Once
standing, Pam licked the saliva from her lips and couldn't resist a last longing
glance down at Joe's hard cock. "I wonder what his cum would taste like?" Pam
thought to herself.

"Guys, look at her nice swollen tits," Bess stated, looking satisfied with Pam
for the moment.

Pam's boobs had gotten past the throbbing stage and jutted out in balloon-like
splendor. To Pam, they now had become like separate beings. Objects that just
happened to be attached to her body. She was as enthralled by the taut red
globes as anyone else in the room. Pam's breasts were surreal to herself, and
she gladly pushed them towards each of the men so that they could get a good
look. It was as if the housewife was a child showing off a trophy she had won or
a prized possession.

In a little girl voice Pam said, "Want to feel them?" Pam made this offer
without a word of encouragement.

Bess smiled to herself, "It's finally happening." The cunt was getting caught up
in the eroticism of her actions. The housewife was actually going around to a
bunch of strange men and asking them to play with her tits. And the men obliged
eagerly. First Joe, then Hank fondled and squeezed the twin globes. Pam even
went over to the still reclining Gerald and dangled her protuberances in his
face. He happily licked and sucked on the red hard nipples, causing Pam to
shiver in delight.

"Pet, come upstairs and let's get some of your toys to show them, OK?"

"Sure, Miss Bess," was Pam's enthusiastic and genuine reply. The housewife
hurried up the stairs, giggling and jiggling all the way, with the incredulous
Bess following.

"I'll have to be careful with Pet," Bess thought as she followed the swaying ass
up the stairs, "Right now she would give away everything. I don't want that.
After all, I might want these guys to come back and visit me. Pam is perfect
bait." Bess decided that no matter what else she had Pam do to "entertain" the
men, that she wouldn't have her fuck any of them. No, it wasn't time for that
yet. Have her play and be played with, but Bess decided to hold off that
ultimate act until later. Besides, she wanted Pam to do that with her full
faculties. Not half drunk and giddy like she was now. No, not now. Fucking a
stranger would be the ultimate act in Bess' control over the housewife. It would
happen on Bess' terms, not Pam's. Besides, she didn't want the naive wife and
mother doing something stupid like thinking she was in love with someone because
she screwed him. That wouldn't do at all. When the time was right Pam would
fuck, but she would fuck because it would be what Bess wanted her to do. The
housewife would do it then, knowing that she was betraying everything else in
her life. Betraying everything except Bess. Then, and only then, Bess would own
Pam, body and soul. But right now, they would play.

In Pam's room, Bess opened a drawer and rummaged through the items that Jake had
given them. "OH Pet, let's put some jewelry on you. They'll like that." She held
up the gold chain with the little adjustable eyelet on each end. Then she picked
up the anal beads and laughed, "jewelry for the inside." Finally, Bess picked up
the small rubber cone and a tube of lubricant.

"What's that, Miss Bess?"

"I'll show you later, Pet. Right now let's see if we can get this chain on you."

"I can't help with my arms tied up," Pam giggled.

Bess released the bindings on Pam's arms. The housewife's hands immediately went
to her own tits, hefting then and gently stroking them. "I'm so turned on, Miss
Bess. I'm about to explode."

Bess laughed, "You are a sexy thing tonight. Play with your nipples and make
them hard. We need the little nub tips to stick out." Pam ran her fingers in
concentric circles over her breasts. The circles got smaller and smaller until
she was tickling her red nipples. But their fullness kept the nipples stretched
and no nub appeared despite Pam's best efforts.

"Well, I guess we need deflate those things first." Bess dug her fingers into
Pam's tits and pulled the stretchy bands off. The blood was released and a
feeling of red-hot pin pricks shot across Pam's chest, making her moan and cry.

"OWWWW."

But as Pam cried, she rubbed her thighs together stimulating her pussy. She
continued to rub her tits, trying to alleviate the maddening pain. Bess, seeing
that Pam was in a pain/pleasure zone, pushed apart the slick thighs and plunged
a finger into her soupy cunt. Pam immediately began to orgasm, alternately
moaning in pleasure and pain as the finger plunged rapidly in and out of her
clasping pussy. But the fingering had the desired effect, and the little nubs in
the center of Pam's nipples stood out like pencil erasers.

As Pam came down from her orgasm, Bess smiled and opened the little rings on the
end of the chain. She slipped Pam's nipple nub into the opening, then released
it. The ring closed, grabbing the short red cylinder pinching it. It looked
painful, so she asked, "Does that hurt Pet?"

"No Miss Bess, it just feels like a little pinch on the end of my nipple."

"Good, this is going to look great," and she clipped the other end of the chain
to the other nipple.

Pam stood up on shaky legs to look at herself in the mirror. The gold chain hung
suspended between her breasts. Her pale skin, red nipples and gently swinging
gold chain looked very erotic. "Oh, I'm beautiful, Miss Bess!"

"Yes, you are, Pet. Yes, you are."

The men downstairs began calling for them to come back.

"Let's go show them, Pet."

As expected, the nipple chain was a big hit with the men. Pam proudly stood in
front of them and shook her shoulders, causing her tits to bounce and jump. The
chain was swinging and dancing. It oscillated sexily as Pam's tits swung and
moved. Soon it was back to more touching and feeling. By now, the men's clothes
were strewn around the living room. Pam took in the sight of three hard cocks
and it thrilled the housewife.

Bess had Pam kneel in front of the couch and suck each one of the men for a few
minutes before going to the next. Up and down the line Pam moved on her knees.
She seemed most content with her blonde head resting on a pair of hairy thighs,
gently rolling whichever penis she was sucking in her mouth. Most of the time
the men would run their fingers through her hair or reach down and stroke her
breasts. Hank pulled on the chain once, pinching Pam's nipples harder. This
caused the housewife to groan, but he noted that she seemed to apply more
suction with her mouth when he "yanked the chain" Beth and the men encouraged
Pam, telling her what a good little "cocksucker" she was.

Eventually, the excitement of controlling and watching her Pet perform got to
Bess. She was ready to be fucked again. This time she chose Joe to fulfill her
needs. Again, she wanted to be on top, her dominance unchallenged by any of the
men. She pulled the man to the floor. Her powerful hips were driving up and
down.

Pam continued to alternate between the outstretched thighs of Gerald and Hank.
Pam honed her oral skills on the different looking and different tasting male
organs.

Hank, ever impatient, slipped off the couch and, while holding his hard cock,
approached Pam from the rear. His intentions were clear. As he approached Pam's
upturned ass, he could see her pussy. He pointed his cock head at Pam's cunt and
began to move forward. Bess, seeing what was happening, was able to reach out
and grab Hank's cock inches from its intended target. She squeezed his prick
hard, "Oh, no you don't, you son-of-a-bitch! I didn't tell you that you could
fuck her."

"Oh, c'mon, Bess. She has been sucking our cocks and playing with herself in
front of us. Why can't I stick the slut?"

Pam had stopped sucking Gerald prick and turned her attention to the
conversation.

"Because she's mine. And I don't want her fucked right now. Now come over here
and let me suck that thing. Or you can get dressed and get the hell out of
here!"

Pam felt such a love for Bess at that moment. She smiled and knew that she could
always depend on 'Miss Bess.' The housewife silently vowed to do whatever she
had to, to make her mentor happy.

Deciding quickly that something was better than nothing Hank stepped up to Bess
and she began to ride a hard cock and suck one at the same time. "This is
great," Bess thought. "Two cocks at once." She had never had this experience in
her life. Pam certainly did make things happen.

Just before Bess took Hank's cock into her mouth, the woman looked at Gerald and
said, "Go all the way Gerald, give her a taste." Gerald smiled at his good
fortune. Hank moaned in disappointment and Pam, not exactly sure what was going
on, sucked the older man's bulbous head back into her mouth.

Gerald's patience had paid off. He had a big load of cum for the blonde licking
his cock. Soon his jism would be warming her throat. Pam worked on Gerald's
shaft as if she were worshipping it. With her hands free, she fondled, stroked
and sucked. She used all of the tricks that Jake and Scotty had taught her.
Gerald was a goner. Despite his control, the sight of Pam, the beautiful blonde
housewife, on her knees, paying homage to his cock caused him to lose it. Plus
the once inexperienced woman had really learned what to do with her lips and
tongue.

Gerald grasped the back of Pam's head with his hands. Not hard, but firmly
enough to hold her in place. His thighs and abdomen flexed as his cum came
boiling out.

Pam felt the cock expanding in her mouth, this time she knew what that meant.
For a fleeting moment, she was frightened. Frightened of Bess, frightened of the
man, of what she should do, but mostly frightened because she wanted it to
happen. She wanted to taste the man's juices; she wanted to feel the hot cream
coat her mouth.

Gerald announced in a tight voice, "I'm cumming!"

Bess popped Hank's cock from her mouth and yelled at Pam, "Swallow it, Pet!
Don't spill a drop."

The housewife felt a calm descend upon her as her ovaled mouth continued to suck
the now bursting penis. "Bess wanted me to make him cum," she thought, "and I
want to know what it will be like!" Pam redoubled her efforts. Jabbing her face
down until she could feel the soft cock head at the back of her throat and pubic
hairs tickling the end of her nose.

Then she could feel it. She would not pull away this time. A burst of jism
flooded her mouth. She withdrew the cock halfway so she would have room for
more, and so that the fluid could roll onto her tongue, onto her taste buds. It
was delicious. A special gift from the man. She was the recipient of his seed,
and Pam savored every drop. She held the pulsing cock gently at mid shaft with
her lips. Her tongue danced around the head, finding the little slit on the end.
She enjoyed another pulse of cum as the little hole opened and jism shot out
onto her waiting tongue, now cupped to catch the hot liquid of sex.

Pam's cunt flowed by itself, her juices making her pussy slick. The pulsing cock
in her mouth seemed connected to all of her erogenous zones. Her nipples
tightened and her pussy spasmed.

Gerald finally relaxed and limply fell back into the couch. "Oh God," he
muttered, over and over.

Bess' driving hips and own sucking mouth had both men close. The groans from Pam
and Gerald sent them all over the edge. Bess found herself swallowing a load of
cum while Joe blasted his seed deep in the petite woman's cunt. She also came in
a flurry of sensation and fluid.

Everyone was spent. Bess fell off Joe onto the floor, Hank dropped to his knees
and sat back on his haunches. Gerald's head was thrown back on a cushion, eyes
closed as he enjoyed the post climax feelings. Only Pam stayed active. Kneeling
between his legs. Still holding his now soft cock between her lips. Not wanting
to let it go. She swallowed the cum in little sips. Rolling several globs around
in her mouth before swallowing a little more. Savoring every drop of the
surprisingly sweet nectar.

The party broke up quickly after the mass orgasm. The men dressed and left. Bess
and Pam stood naked in the doorway, kissing them each goodbye. Each man taking
his time for one last touch to Pam's tits or ass. The women were oblivious to
their possible display in the lighted doorway. Pam never gave a thought to her
nakedness; it seemed so natural to her now.

Once the door was shut Bess turned to Pam and said, "You have been bad, Pet.
Time for some punishment."

Pam looked confused at first, then seeing a devilish smile on Bess' face, she
grinned back and immediately draped herself over the arm of the couch. Only now
she kept her legs spread wide, displaying her entire ass and cunt in the most
lascivious way. Pam smiled back over her shoulder at Bess as she approached with
the paddle.

"Pet, you showed those men your tits and your pussy. Is that anyway for a
married woman to act?" SMACK

With a giggle, Pam responded "No, Miss Bess."

"Do you like being naked in front of strange men?" With this statement, Bess
even laughed a little. SMACK

"Yes, Miss Bess... if you want me to."

"Pet, you made Gerald cum in your mouth." SMACK

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"Do you think you should be swallowing men's cum?" SMACK

"OWWWW. If you want me to, Miss Bess."

"Did it taste good, Pet?" SMACK

"Yes, Miss Bess. It was delicious."

SMACK, SMACK, SMACK

"Does your ass hurt, Pet?" SMACK

"OWWWWW, Yessss, Miss Bess."

"Are you hot, Pet?" This time Bess stroked Pam's exposed asshole and labia with
her hand.

"Yessss."

Bess plunged a finger, then two, then three into Pam's soaked pussy. Spinning
her hand around, she thrust her thumb in the exposed asshole to the knuckle.
Pam's body jumped and jerked.

"You forgot to say, 'Miss Bess'."

Bess played with Pam's exposed cunt and asshole for some time. Pam had several
orgasms dancing on the end of Bess' fingers. Finally, with her index finger
buried deep in Pam's asshole and the housewife whimpering in uncontrolled
stimulation, Bess tossed the small black rubber cone on the couch in front of
Pam's face.

"Lick it and get it nice and wet, Pet," Bess demanded.

Pam licked the cone. The rubber tasted sour and made Pam gag slightly.

"Pet, this is called a butt plug. See how the cone gets bigger, then has an
indentation all around the base? The pointed end slips into you and the
indentation holds it firm."

Pam still didn't understand, but continued to lick the black rubber.

"We know how sensitive you are back here," Bess said twisting her finger.

Pam whimpered. Bess picked up the plug and withdrew her finger from Pam's open
asshole. Quickly Bess coated the wet cone with a liberal amount of KY jelly from
the tube she had brought down from the bedroom. Gently Bess guided the tip of
the cone between the slightly open sphincter. Not realizing that Bess had
substituted the butt plug for her finger, Pam wiggled her buttocks; she was
enjoying the stimulation.

Bess pressed a little more of the plug into Pam. Now the diameter of the cone at
Pam's anal entrance was about the same as the finger that had been there. Pam
still wiggled in simulated enjoyment. Bess pressed a little more in. The
diameter now was about half again as big as the finger. Pam stopped wiggling;
she knew something was different.

"Hold still, Pet, don't move."

Bess pressed. Pam's anus opened to twice the size of the finger. Almost an inch
across.

"Owwww, that hurts. What are you doing?" Pam complained.

"SHHHH Pet, relax yourself."

Bess felt Pam go limp on the arm of the couch. She pressed further. The plug was
now about three quarters of the way in and Pam's asshole was stretched to a
diameter of one and a half inches.

"I'm so open, Miss Bess. What are you... ? Argggg... " Pam began to whimper.
More pressure and the opening expanded to almost two inches, then the butt plug
seated itself. The sphincter slipped into the grove at the base, holding Pam's
asshole at an inch and a half in diameter.

"Owww, oww, owww," Pam cried. But Bess knew the solution. She reached under Pam
again and began to run her fingers up and down Pet's slit. Strumming the red
clit with one finger and dipping another into Pam's cunt. The invading butt plug
momentarily forgotten, Pam reacted to being played with and rocked her pelvis
against Bess' hand.

It didn't take long for Pam to cum all over Bess' fingers. By then the butt plug
was forgotten by the housewife. It only seemed like another stimulation and a
fullness in her ass.

Bess pulled Pam to her feet and the housewife discovered that the feeling of
something jammed up her ass wasn't entirely unpleasant. Of course, the butt plug
was somewhat flexible. The fact that it was only a few inches long and designed
for 'extended wear' helped.

"Well I guess its time for you to go home, Pet. Thank you for helping with my
party. It sure was a success. I feel just wonderful now. All those handsome men.
It was delicious."

Pam looked at Bess with sad eyes. She didn't want to go. She was in a sexual
zone. A place she had never been before-- no shame, no embarrassment-- just
wonderful hedonistic feelings. Walking back across those yards to her husband
and children seemed foreign to her at the moment. Pam knew once she left Bess'
house she would have to face herself. Face what she had done tonight... and face
her family as the nice sweet chaste wife and mother. Thank God that she hadn't
betrayed Bill. If one of the men had wanted to fuck her, Pam might have let him.
But Bess had protected her. Bess had taken care of her. And in a moment of
'love' and gratitude, Pam threw herself at Bess' feet and told her that she was
hers.

Bess picked up Pam and kissed her cheek. "You need to go home, Pet."

She walked arm in arm with the housewife to the back door.

"Pet, I love you too. But I want you take care of your responsibilities. I'll
always be with you in many ways." Bess handed Pam the Ben Wa balls. "Keep your
holes filled for me. I own them. I own you. Come back tomorrow morning for a
workout, and then we will get some sun behind our new fence. We both need work
on our tans."

Bess opened the door and smiled brightly, "It was a fun evening."





Acquisition 26/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Pam dressed in her mommy clothes on the patio and headed across the yards to her
home. Her steps were short and choppy. The presence of the butt plug was making
itself felt. She was also trying to shift gears from the frenzied sexual
exhibitionism of the last few hours to her shy wife and doting mom persona. "Was
she still that person?" Pam asked herself. She had displayed herself in the most
wanton way tonight. She had sucked men's cocks into her mouth and she had
swallowed a man's cum. She would never have done those things before. She would
never have done those things if Bess hadn't ordered her. But she couldn't deny
that she had enjoyed them. The men had called her a cunt, and talked about her
body as if she were a piece of meat with no value except as a sex toy. And she
had felt things that she had never felt before.

In Pam's dress pocket were the Ben Wa balls. She walked slowly, disjointed
images rolling through her mind. Cocks and cooking, dishes and dildos, kids and
cunts all jumbled together. She entered her home quietly, suddenly realizing
that that she must be giving off a tell- tale odor and looked a mess. She hadn't
even wiped off the make up she had put on.

She met her husband as he entered the kitchen. "I thought I heard you come in.
How was the dinner?"

"Fine," Pam answered quietly.

Bill continued, "I didn't think you would stay for the whole thing, it's 10
o'clock. The girls are in their room and I'm going to hit the bed myself. We
have an 8:00 tee time, that means I'll have to get up at 6:30."

"Yeah, I'm tired too. The kitchen at Bess' was hot." She hoped the lie would
explain her bedraggled appearance.

"Hey you have something on your cheek," Bill noticed. He pulled his handkerchief
from his pocket and licked the corner. Then he stepped up to his wife and dabbed
at her cheek.

"Just a little spot of something white and crusty," he said.

Pam' panicked on the inside. "My God, what if he can tell? I should have cleaned
up before I came home, but Bess rushed me out so fast."

Pam willed herself to answer calmly. "Oh, it must be the special sauce that Bess
had on the desert. It splattered and got everywhere, I guess I missed a spot."

Bill finished cleaning the dried cum from her face and put his handkerchief back
in his pocket.

"There, all clean, honey," and he kissed the cheek he had just wiped.

He hadn't noticed anything wrong, "Thank God," the housewife thought. Then she
continued out loud, "Bill, I'm a mess, I need to hit the shower." Pam headed
upstairs as fast as she could. In the bathroom she noticed that she didn't have
her rings. Bess still had them. "God, I hope Bill doesn't notice." It would be
OK. She could tell Bill that she took them off while preparing the meal and
forgot to put them back on. She sometimes did that at home.

Pam climbed into a hot shower. As she scrubbed herself clean, she couldn't scrub
away the guilt she felt about lying to Bill. She would have to get that
handkerchief out of his pants and wash it.

But as she ran her soapy hands over her body Pam soon forgot the guilt and even
laughed to herself about the lie, "a desert sauce!" Then she sensuously stroked
her legs with the washcloth.

Once she was scrubbed clean Pam wrapped a bathrobe around herself and picked up
her clothes to put in the hamper. She heard the Ben Wa balls click together in
the pocket of her discarded dress.

She couldn't help herself. In just moments she dropped the robe and was sitting
naked on the toilet. Using one hand to hold herself open and the other to slip
the steel balls into her cunt. She shivered as she stood and slipped on a pair
of panties. Staring in the mirror she caressed her breasts. "God, I'm horny all
the time these days," Pam said out loud to her reflection. Since being on Bess'
diet she had always felt hungry and empty. But now, for some reason, the
fullness in her ass and cunt from the balls and plug filled not only her holes,
but the emptiness that had been gnawing at her for weeks.

Pam and Bill slept soundly, but early in the morning Pam woke and looked at her
husband who was sleeping peacefully. Her pussy and ass were on fire. She wasn't
used to being so completely filled for such lengths of time and never her ass.
The butt plug would take some getting used to, she decided. Despite the presence
of the foreign objects, she was highly aroused. Her attention fell to the only
object it could in this situation, her slumbering husband. Pam gently pulled
back the sheet covering his body. She could see some skin at the fly flap of his
pajama bottoms. Bill had a morning semi-erection. Pam was drawn to it. Before
she could stop herself, her hand was spreading open his fly and exposing his
cock to the morning light. Bill stirred momentarily before settling back, still
asleep. Pam gently used a finger to pry the semi-hard cock out of the fly. She
licked her lips unconsciously, and thought how nice it would be to take his warm
prick into her mouth. But Bill stirred again. Pam quickly turned away, feigning
sleep as her husband roused himself and headed into the bathroom. She wished she
could show Bill all of the wonderful things she had learned over the past few
months, but he would never understand. His knowledge of her was as a chaste wife
and mother; and his lack of sexual awareness was beginning to frustrate the
'new' Pam to no end.

Pam struggled out of bed and put on her bathrobe. As she moved, both her ass and
cunt became moist making the objects inside of her more comfortable and soothing
the dryness that had occurred overnight.

She headed for the kitchen to prepare Bill's breakfast. She did this more out of
her continued guilt rather than a desire to please him. Soon Bill was off for
his golf day and Pam was preparing her kids breakfast. They were bundles of
energy in the morning and her bundles of joy. She enjoyed the early morning with
them, eating breakfast and talking. Then they were off on their bikes to visit
friends on Saturday morning.

As the kids were leaving the phone rang. it was Bess instructing her to "get
over here for a workout." She also said that they would do some late morning,
early afternoon tanning since it was going to be a warm sunny day.

Pam quickly dressed in shorts and a pullover shirt. She left her panties on, but
didn't bother with a bra. Pam wrote the girls a note, telling them to make
themselves a sandwich when they got home at lunch. She added, "XXX's and OOO's
Love, Mom. PS I will be at Bess' house."

Pam headed across the grass with an excited gate, not even the butt plug slowing
her down. The grass was still moist with the morning dew, and the new day held
promise. Pam felt a comfort as she stripped off her clothes on the patio. Bess
had left the back door open with only the screen door shut. The air was cool and
sweet.

Inside Pam found her rings on the table, but no 'Mr. Friendly.' She left the
rings where they were, deciding to put them on later. She called out to Bess and
headed to the basement when she heard her reply, "Get down here to exercise."

Once there she asked Bess if she could go to the bathroom. Her butt plug hadn't
been out since last night and simply put she needed to take a shit.

Bess said, "Yes, and leave it out when you are finished, but keep the balls in.
I think that exercising with something nestled inside your pussy will be
enjoyable for you."

After returning from the bathroom Pam felt like her sphincter was open and was
concerned that she might soil herself during the strenuous workout. Bess had her
bend over and inspected Pam's asshole, even slipping a finger into the sphincter
opening to check for tightness. She declared that it was fine and to start
working out. But Pam's feeling of openness remained, although she didn't have
any accidents.

The exercise routine went quickly even with the additional weight that Bess had
Pam use. Her muscles were well defined now, but still with a feminine roundness
that was very sexy. After the work out Bess took Pam's weekly measurements and
to the delight of both women, Pam had made it to every goal-- except for the
increase in breast size. Her chest was larger but not quite the 38 inch D-cup
Bess wanted. "I'll have to think of another way to firm up and increase the size
of your tits, Pet. The exercising and breast binding just aren't doing enough.

Pam looked crestfallen. She had made all of her goals, why wouldn't her breasts
respond?

Bess hugged her. "It's OK. I'm really proud of you, you have worked hard and
your body has gotten into great shape. Let's relax on the patio and catch some
sun."

They walked up the stairs. "Pet you get the lounge chairs in the garage, I'm
going to fix us some iced tea."

The two women were soon struggling with the chairs on the patio. They were dusty
and needed oiling. But as luck would have it Bess' retired handymen showed up at
just the right time.

Mr. Odom and his buddies knocked on the patio gate. Pam froze for a moment
fearing that it might be her daughters, and was actually relieved when Bess
opened the gate and ushered the three old men into the enclosure.

"Look who is here, Pet! I'll bet these three strong men can fix our lounge
chairs."

The three men were quiet for a moment as they faced two naked women.

"Holy shit, would you look at that!" One of the men exclaimed.

"Two naked broads in my neighborhood," Mr. Odom laughed, "Who would have
believed it?" Then he continued with a smirk, "Hello Bess, good to SEE YOU. And
a special hello to you Mrs. Henderson. I saw your husband and kids leave
earlier, so you must have some time to yourself this morning."

Pam left her hands at her sides, not bothering to try and cover up, "Yes, Mr.
Odom. I just want to work on my tan," Pam shot back, irritated with the man's
arrogance. "What did he do, spy on everything that went on in the neighborhood?"
Pam thought.

"Hey Clyde, enough of the chit-chat," responded Bess. "Can you guys fix these
chairs? If you can't then we are just going inside and the show is over."

The three men stumbled all over themselves trying to get the folding lounge
chairs. They quickly discovered that they needed some oil and a wrench to
tighten some bolts. Clyde dispatched one of the men to his garage for what they
needed. The old man covered the distance between Bess' patio and Mr. Odom's
garage in record time. He was soon back inside the gate, puffing hard. "I hope
the old goat doesn't have a heart attack," Bess thought.

Pam and Bess stood next to each other in the sun watching the men work. At one
point the housewife reached down and took Bess' hand in hers. Bess reacted. She
wasn't sure if her response was to exert control or out of love, but she raised
the hand to her lips and kissed it. Pam beamed an innocent and genuine smile
back at Bess. An unspoken communication flashed between Bess and her possession.
Now Bess knew that it was an action of servitude for Pam and control for her.
She raised her face towards the warm sun and smiled, feeling the energy course
through her lithe body.

The lounge chairs were soon ready. The men had even hosed them off, so they were
nice and clean for the female flesh.

After adjusting the chairs so that they were flat and orienting them to the sun,
Bess laid down on her stomach. Her legs, tight ass and well defined back clearly
her best feature. They were exposed. Out of some sense of wanting to hide as
much of her nudity as possible, Pam also began to lay face down. Bess
immediately said, "No Pet, lay on your back. Let's get some color on your
front."

Pam reluctantly reversed herself so that her pussy and tits were exposed to the
Sun and to the gawking men. Pam rested her head and closed her eyes trying to
block out the three dirty old men and to imagine that she was just her with
Bess.

She heard the shuffling of feet. The men took their seats at the picnic table.
They soon began playing rummy. She could hear them talk about the game. Their
card game discussion was interspersed with observations about the two women's
bodies. Most of it about Pam's tits or pussy, but occasionally they would remark
about what a nice athletic ass Bess had. Pam was actually able to block it out
and enjoy the sun on her body. She had never sunned in the nude and found the
heat on her breasts and loins intense and stimulating. She knew that she was wet
and could feel the moisture flowing around the Ben Wa balls that she had grown
so accustomed to. After 15 minutes the men became bored with the whole thing,
and Mr. Odom said, "All the two of you are going to do is lay there."

"Hey Clyde," responded Bess, "You're getting to look at the two most beautiful
bodies in this part of town. What the hell are you complaining about?"

"Bess you have a nice ass and all. You know we all like looking at that married
bitch you got under your thumb, but after awhile it gets boring."

"Tell you what Clyde. Who ever wins the next hand can put some lotion on my
'nice ass' and back. How about that?"

"That sounds good to me. Let's play, boys."

There was silence for the next few minutes as the men focused all their
attention to winning the card game.

Harold won. With Clyde and Frank cheering him on, he approached Bess' chair. She
looked up at him and smiled. Then tossed him a plastic bottle of sun lotion.
"Cover me good, old man. I don't want to burn."

Harold happily squeezed out some lotion on Bess' back and began to rub it in. It
was clear that he was reticent about touching her buttocks. Finally when he had
rubbed her back much more than necessary, Bess reached behind her and placed one
of his hands on her firm muscular ass. "Don't be shy, you have got to do my ass
and thighs or I will burn." Harold rubbed his oily hands across Bess buttocks,
then squeezed out another dollop of lotion. Now he began kneading the firm
slender ass in earnest and Bess responded by telling him how good it felt. This
spurred Harold onto greater effort and was soon rubbing any part of Bess that
was exposed. An altogether delightful experience for the horny athlete.

Clyde finally spoke up again. "How about if the winner of the next hand gets to
grease up Mrs. Henderson?"

Bess cocked her head and looked over at Pam. "Good idea Clyde, I wouldn't want
those tender titties to burn."

Clyde laughed, "No, we wouldn't want that. Get back over here Harold and let's
play. Wipe your hands off. I don't want my cards to get oily."

Soon the three men were playing an intense game.

Mr. Clyde Odom won.

"Hot damn, OK! what do you want greased first, Mrs. Henderson, your tits or your
sweet little pussy?"

Pam had been silent during this entire exchange and looked sadly over at Bess.
Bess stared right back and said, "Just lay there, Pet and let him have his
jollies. He won't hurt you and besides, you do need to put some lotion on that
pale skin of yours. Understand?!"

"Yes Miss Bess." Pam closed her eyes and tried to relax. "Why would Bess allow
this horrid man to play with her body?" Pam asked herself. Well it didn't
matter, that is what Bess wanted, and she wanted to please Bess.

Odom picked up the bottle of lotion. Rather than squeeze it onto Pam's body he
put liberal amounts of the oil onto his hands. Then he kneeled down next to
Pam's lounge chair. "Fun time, Mrs. Henderson, I've been looking at these two
babies a long time. I knew I'd get my hands on them someday." With that Odom
grabbed each of Pam's tits and began running his gnarly liver-spotted hands over
the tight, tingling globes of the housewife.

Despite her revulsion at the arrogant old man touching her, Pam couldn't stop
her nipples from getting hard. They usually stayed hard these days, but laying
in the warm sunlight had relaxed them. Now they puckered up again and stabbed at
Odom's "Nice little hard buds on your tits, Mrs. Henderson," the old man
commented. The other two men got up from the table and stood around Pam's chair
to get a better look at the resilient tit flesh as it oozed between Clyde's
fingers.

"Shit, look at that!"

"Man, Clyde is a lucky SOB, feeling her up like that."

Harold observed, "Fellas, look at her pussy, she is all wet between her legs. I
can see her pussy juice from here."

As Clyde continued manipulating Pam's tits, the housewife's hips began to
involuntarily rotate. Bess had made her so sensitive of her own body and
sexuality, as well as keeping her constantly stimulated but unfulfilled, that
even the touch of a dirty old man could arouse Pam. Bess looked over and said,
"Clyde, don't be greedy. Let the other boys play some."

The other two men cheered and knelt down, squirting oil from Pam's neck to her
feet.

Bess knew that Pam was ready. Pam would fuck whomever she wanted. Now all she
had to do was decide who the lucky man would be. It sure wasn't going to be one
of these old farts.

Bess looked back over at Pam. She was writhing on the lounge chair, her breath
coming in sharp gasps. Six hands were running all over her body, stimulating her
beyond belief.

Harold asked Bess, "Can we finger her?"

Bess sat up. She didn't want Pam getting off, she wanted to keep her on edge.
Besides, she might want to have the three men help her around the house some
more. She was sure that the promise of slipping a finger into Pam would have
them running to do her bidding.

"No, damn it. You can touch her all you want, but no sticking anything, and I
mean anything, into my Pet. Understand?!!!"

The men grumbled that they understood and went back to stroking, pinching and
caressing the blonde housewife. Pam's body was now so active that the men had to
hold her to keep her from falling off the lounger.

That is when Bess and the men heard two adolescent girls voices on the other
side of the fence calling, "Mommy, Mommy are you here?"

Pam didn't hear anything except the sound of her hot blood rushing through her
body.

*****

"Oh Shit," Bess exclaimed!

Bess jumped up from the chair. "That's her kids," she whispered in a tight
whisper. "Get her inside the house. NOW!"

Bess looked around the enclosed patio. She grabbed Pam's clothes and headed to
the back door. The three men literally picked up the prone housewife and
followed Bess inside the house. Bess could hear the fence gate on the patio
opening as she closed the house door behind the men. Bess led the men up the
stairs. About halfway up the old men had to put Pam down. The housewife
staggered the rest of the way up to the Master bedroom. Bess ordered her into
the shower to wash the suntan oil from her body. She then told Mr. Odom and his
buddies to go downstairs and watch for Mrs. Henderson's girls.

Bess hurried into the shower with her Pet and quickly rinsed herself off. She
didn't have nearly as much oil to remove. The three men had managed to run their
greasy hands over an incredible amount of Pam's body leaving the telltale
slickness on her skin.

Bess jumped out of the shower and threw on some clothes. She left Pam's clothes
on the bed, calling to her Pet that "this one time only" she could get dressed
while in the house. "And leave the Ben Wa balls in, Pet," Bess called out as she
left the room to see what mischief the three men were getting into.

As Bess rushed down the stairs, she found the three old men standing at the
front door talking with Pam's daughters. They had apparently walked around to
the front of the house when nobody answered the back door.

Seeing Bess the girls called out, "Where is Mom, Aunt Bess?"

Bess shooed the men away from the door and said, "Your Mom is taking a shower,
we got really sweaty exercising." Then she turned to Clyde, "Mr. Odom, thank you
and your friends for helping me with the lawn furniture. You have been very kind
and I will make sure that you get a SPECIAL reward for helping and keeping our
secret."

Bess ushered the three men out of the open door. Clyde eyed Bess hard then said,
"I hope it is a real SPECIAL treat!" The three men left and Aunt Bess waved the
girls to the couch and tuned in the TV to Saturday morning cartoons. "Let me get
you guys a cola and we will wait for your Mom."

On the way to the kitchen, Bess slipped several porno videos from the top of the
TV into a cabinet with doors. "Wouldn't want the girls to see what their Mom and
Aunt Bess like to watch together," Bess thought as she got two soda pops from
the kitchen.

Bess and the girls were sitting on the couch laughing at the plight of the
coyote chasing the roadrunner. Pam finally came down the stairs. Her blonde hair
was still damp and she was dressed in the shorts and pullover. The way her tits
bounced under the shirt, Bess could tell that she didn't have a bra on. But of
course, there were not any bras in the house for Pam to wear anyway and she
hadn't worn one over today.

"Come watch Roadrunner with us, Mommy," Pam's youngest exclaimed.

"No, lets go shopping and get a burger for lunch," Bess said to the girls.

The older girl was clearly interested in shopping.

Pam finally spoke, "I thought you girls were playing with friends today."

"Well Susan and Gail got in trouble and are grounded, so we came home. How was
your workout, Mom?"

Bess jumped in; "Your Mom is getting in great shape girls. In fact, that's why I
want to go shopping. She needs a couple of new outfits."

"Oh, lets go. It will be fun to look at clothes," Pam's older daughter
exclaimed.

"Can we go to McDonald's for lunch?" the younger daughter offered, indicating
how different things were important to maturing young ladies.

Bess drove to the Mall. Four women were going shopping. Bess caught Pam keeping
her arms folded over her chest hiding her unfettered boobs. Finally, as they
were walking into the Mall's main entrance Bess leaned over and whispered, "Put
your arms down, Pam. I want to see how many stares your bouncing tits get."

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"Just Bess. The girls are here and you are Pam, not Pet. Anyway the girls won't
notice that you are not wearing a bra, they are too busy looking in all the
stores."

It was silent for a moment. Then Bess laughed, "the girls may not notice, but
that man by the bookstore is about to trip over his tongue. I'll bet he's
getting a hard-on watching you jiggle."

Pam could feel her pussy moisten at the thought of a strange cock getting hard
because of her. "God, what is happening to me?" the housewife asked herself, "My
girls are here with me and all I can think about is sex."

The girls had moved well ahead of the two women, so Bess quickly reached up and
pinched one of Pam's nipples. Both nipples responded and little bumps formed on
the front of Pam's shirt. If somebody wasn't sure if she was braless before, now
there was no doubt.

The two women followed the girls at a distance. Pam received many stares. Bess
laughed when one woman had to yell at her husband to, "Stop looking at that
woman and pay attention to our packages."

Bess called to the girls and steered Pam into a popular mall store that carried
clothes for young women.

"Let's buy the girls an outfit Pam, my treat," Bess offered.

"I don't know, Bess, the girls don't usually wear clothes this trendy."

But Pam's older daughter whined, "Come on Mom, please? All the kids wear clothes
from here."

Pam was overruled as usual and, with trepidation, Pam soon found herself pulling
various outfits off the rack for the girls to try on. Bess' and the girls'
enthusiasm was infectious and Pam began to enjoy the shopping with "the girls."

The girls came in and out of the dressing room showing their clothes to Ohhs and
Ahhs of Aunt Bess and Mom.

At one point while the girls were in the dressing room Bess pulled a skirt and
tube top from a rack and handed them to Pam. "I want you to try these on."

"Bess, I can't wear clothes designed for teenagers. They wouldn't look right or
even fit."

"Nonsense Pam, this is a wrap-around skirt. You can adjust the waist and this
top is very stretchy. Go try them on now." The softy in Pam's ear she hissed,
"Now, Pet!"

Pam felt weak and out of control, the rock music playing in the store suddenly
seemed overwhelming. Like a robot, Pam moved woodenly towards an open dressing
room clutching the skirt and top. One of the sales clerks looked quizzically at
Bess. She smiled evilly and said, "My friend thinks she is still a teenager."
The clerk just rolled her eyes.

Bess followed Pam to the dressing room standing outside the door. The store was
full of teenagers. Most looked around 17 years old. Across a rack of clothes
from the dressing room Pam entered was a group of four kids. Two boys and two
girls. They were laughing and flirting with each other.

Bess waited a few moments, giving Pam enough time to be in the middle of
changing, and then she firmly grasped the handle on the dressing room door and
opened it fully. A startled Pam gasped as she looked up. The housewife was
bending at the waist pulling the skirt up her thighs. She was topless, having
taken off her shirt. Her heavy tits hung enticingly in her half bend. Of course,
the four teenagers couldn't help but stare at Pam. The boys nudged each other
with their elbows and the girls giggled aloud.

Pam couldn't step out into the store naked to close the door. She spun quickly,
turning her back to the opening, only to be faced by a mirrored wall and the
reflected sight of the pointing teenagers. The mirrors surrounded her and her
own nakedness was reflected back, not only to herself, but also to the youthful
crowd that was now gathering outside the dressing room. She grabbed the first
article of clothing she saw. The stretchy tube top. Pam quickly stepped into the
top and pulled it up her body. The top got hung up on the skirt that was still
around her thighs. It took Pam several more seconds of pulling and bending. Her
actions caused her tits to jump and bounce. When the top reached her breasts, it
took more struggling and pulling to finally cover herself. The top, designed for
teenagers, hardly contained her massive breasts. All in all, she had provided
quite a show for the young store patrons. And most of her panty-covered ass was
still hanging over the waistband of the skirt.

Bess let the door slowly swing shut.

Bess met the girls. They had just exited their dressing room and were now
excitedly clutching their favorite clothes selections. She walked with them to
the sales counter and pulled out her credit card. Aunt Bess enjoyed buying
things for the girls. She was also enjoying the close relationship she was
developing with them. If she could embarrass their Mom while she got closer to
them, then that was even better. After all, Bess was taking over more and more
of Pam's life, why not these sweet girls as well? She loved Pam and the girls,
but really enjoyed manipulating, humiliating and controlling Pam most of all.

The two adolescents gushed their thanks and praise on Bess as she bought them
their selections. It was several minutes before the girls even realized their
Mom wasn't around. Pam finally joined them. She slunk up, trying to hide. She
had put her own clothes back on, but had not escaped the eye of the boys who had
enjoyed her nakedness. Several comments were made by the teenage males about
Pam's big tits as the four exited the store. Fortunately, the comments were lost
on the girls, who were excitedly telling their distracted Mom about their
purchases and how wonderful Aunt Bess was.

The four continued down the mall. Again the girls raced ahead to a music store
and Pam got her share of stares as she bounced along, encouraged to keep her
shoulders back and tits out by Bess.

As the girls went into the record store Bess steered Pam into the adjacent
jewelry store. "Let's look in here Pam," Bess said with a mischievous grin.

Pam and Bess perused the beautiful displays of gold, silver and diamonds. Pam
kept glancing towards the music store to make sure her kids were OK. Bess said,
"Don't worry about them, they are perfectly safe, you overprotect, Pam. Now lets
look at these pretty gold rings." Bess waved at a salesperson and was
immediately assisted as she looked through a collection of women's gold signet
rings. Bess asked to have Pam's ring finger sized. The shocked Pam found herself
with a sizing ring on the finger her wedding rings were conspicuously still
absent from. "I have to remember to put them back on when we get back to Bess',"
Pam thought to herself.

"Go check on the girls, Pam," Bess said. A relieved Pam left the store, leaving
Bess and the sales woman in a discussion over the ring display case. Pam found
her daughters and watched as they sorted through some rock CD's. Bess was soon
at their side saying brightly, "Did somebody want to go to McDonald's for
lunch?"

The morning ended with a fun lunch in the fast food play area, then back to
Bess' house. Pam and the girls soon went home. Pam remembered to pick her rings
up off the table. Bill got home soon after and told Pam in great detail about
his round of golf. Pam was less than interested and kept shifting in her seat
during his story. "I'm going to have to change my panties," she was thinking as
Bill droned on. "These balls are keeping me so wet I know that my panties must
be soaked." In her mind she was visualizing the Ben Wa balls turning into golf
balls and her husband trying to putt them into her gapping pussy as she lay
naked on the 18th green at the Country Club.




Acquisition 27/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


After dinner as Pam was cleaning up her kitchen and Bill and the girls were
playing a game in the living room, she quietly called Bess' house. "Miss Bess?"
she whispered.

"Yes Pet, what do you want?"

"Can I make love to my husband tonight?"

"Make love Pet? You mean fuck, don't you? Say it!"

"Miss Bess can I ... fuck... my husband tonight?"

"No Pet. You cannot fuck your husband tonight! But you can suck his cock and
swallow his cum."

"Miss Bess, I am... I have to... "

"You're horny, Pet; you want an orgasm."

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"Well too bad. I don't think you deserve to cum. Suck off your husband or not. I
don't care, but I don't want you to have an orgasm until I see you tomorrow. Be
here after church. I have a surprise for you." The line went dead in Pam's ear.

Later in bed, Pam found herself squirming; she was unable to relax. On edge, the
balls in her cunt continued to stimulate her. The housewife's need was so great
she felt like screaming. As luck would have it, Bill decided in his usual clumsy
way to reach over and grab his wife. A prelude to initiating his weekly love
making session. Pam surprised him once again by sliding down his body and taking
his cock into her mouth.

She was pleased when his cock hardened almost instantaneously to her
ministrations. She was further pleased when, using the suction techniques that
she had so recently learned, his cock erupted with thin streams of cum in just a
few moments. Bill's jism tasted a bit bitter, and didn't seem to be as thick or
as creamy as some of the cum that Pam had recently tasted. "Maybe it is because
Bill has had a vasectomy and the fluid she held in her mouth didn't include any
swimming sperm," she thought. Pam made a mental note to ask Bess about why men's
seed tasted different.

Bill was amazed at the fact his wife sucked him to completion and swallowed his
cum. He was enjoying this new oral side of his wife. The excitement of his first
complete blowjob didn't last and he had soon rolled over with only a fleeting
thought of his wife's pleasure. "Besides Pam didn't seem interested in her own
orgasm," he thought as he drifted off to sleep.

The housewife slept very little that night. The gnawing in her belly wouldn't
give her any peace.

Pam and her family attended church the next day. Pam found that rocking on the
hard church pew caused the Ben Wa balls to rub her most pussy deliciously and
she almost brought herself off during the long sermon. She imagined herself in
the choir, naked under her robe, flashing the congregation. Finally, the service
was over and Pam hurried her family home. She needed to get to Bess' house, not
just because she had been ordered to, but because her need was so great. The
housewife was sure that a session with 'Mr. Friendly' would help her immensely.

Pam made some lame excuses to her family about needing to go to Bess' for a few
hours. Bill questioned her briefly saying that he thought that the family was
going to spend some time in the yard mowing, trimming, weeding and generally
doing much needed yard work. Pam simply said that they should go ahead and she
would join them later.

The housewife literally ran across the yards to Bess' house. She was in such a
hurry that she didn't even bother to change out of her church clothes. Her need
and sexual tension were driving her.

No sign of Mr. Odom or his cronies, she was surprised they weren't there. In her
own twisted logic she had even had decided to thank them for helping her avoid
her children the day before. Forgetting that their presence is what led to the
close call. As always, Pam felt that mistakes were her own fault, she was
usually to blame for things after all, wasn't she?

She stripped off her clothes on the patio. She was briefly concerned about how
the hook on the wall might ruin her good clothes. She always kept her Sunday
dresses hung on padded hangers in her closet. "The hell with it," she thought,
"I will iron them later. I need to have an orgasm!" And the naked housewife
hurried in the back door. She really hoped that she might find Bess wearing the
dildo, or at least find the 8-inch cylinder of rubber on the back table, so she
could use it on herself. Her thighs were slick from her juices in anticipation
of finally having an orgasm.

To Pam's disappointment, there was nothing on the table. Pam could hear voices
in the living room. Pam stepped behind a wall partition. "Damn why did someone
have to be here," Pam thought to herself, "I need 'Miss Bess'."

"Is that you Pet?" Bess called out from the living room. "I heard the door. Come
in here, don't be shy."

"Damn," the housewife said in a whisper, "I'm naked and I don't even know who is
in there with Bess."

After a few moments of indecision the housewife heard Bess exclaim with a firm
voice, "Pet, get your ass in here, or else you will regret it."

Pam lowered her head, placed one arm across her chest and her other hand at the
juncture of her legs. The housewife slowly entered the living room, embarrassed,
not knowing who she might find.

"What the hell are you doing, Pet?"

Pam finally looked up and saw an angry looking Bess and a smug Jake sitting on
the couch. Bess was in her usual shorts and tee shirt. Jake looked resplendent
in a pair of black suede Pants and black silk shirt. It was unbuttoned to the
middle of his broad torso. Matted black chest hair was evident. His dark stare
pierced Pam.

Standing naked in front of the pair Pam, slowly dropped her arms and felt as
naked as she ever had in her life and very vulnerable.

"Very nice, Bess. She is a beauty," Jake casually observed as if he were looking
at a prized possession. "You have done a good job."

"Pet, Jake has come over to help me. Aren't you glad?"

"Of course, Miss Bess. But what is he helping you with? Can't I take care of
what you need?"

"Oh Pet, I need both of you for this. Jake is an expert at certain things and
has promised to show me how to take care of you better."

Pam, looking puzzled and like a soft frightened doe caught in the headlights of
an oncoming truck, quietly asked, "Take care of me? I thought you took care of
me and Jake took care of Scotty?"

Jake's deep voice resonated throughout the room. "Scotty is a nice diversion for
me, but I have so much to give and to teach. I am going to show Bess how to get
the most out of you. And in doing that, you will get so much more out of
yourself, Pam. You will learn to serve Bess without pause or reservation, giving
yourself to her completely. You know you need to do that, you must do it Pam.
After all, look at all Bess has done for you and given to you."

Bess stood and turned Pam, quickly binding the housewife's arms behind her. Jake
stretched and gracefully rose to his feet. His tall frame was a commanding
presence, dwarfing both women. "Let's go upstairs and see how much this sweet
piece of meat can handle," Jake said, with excitement finally edging into his
voice.

He let Bess lead the housewife to her private room. He followed, watching her
ass sway. "Beautiful buttocks," he thought, "they will look so nice with welts
running across them. Once she has been played until she is screaming for
release, I am going to fuck this bitch so deep she will never be able to resist
my cock.

As Pam was led into her room, she noticed a black gym bag on her bed. It was the
last thing she saw. Bess pulled a black mask over her blonde hair until it
settled over her eyes. Then she was pushed roughly onto the bed, bumping against
the bag. It was moved away and Pam felt her arms unbound. The housewife was
rudely twisted until she was on her back, then she was pulled to the middle of
the bed.

It began.

The next half-hour was like nothing Pam had ever experienced. In fact, if asked
how long she remained on 'her' bed, Pam wouldn't have been able to answer. It
seemed like a lifetime.

First Pam was ordered by Bess to expel her Ben Wa balls. She did so easily; her
cunt muscles had definitely been strengthened by their constant presence over
the past few days. Bess bent over her and with her fingers held open the
housewife's labia. Pam grunted and forced them out with a rippling motion inside
her pussy channel. The balls fell out and lay pressing against her ass crevice.
They were taken away by someone and Pam felt empty, completely empty for the
first time in days. Pam could hear Jake's deep voice as he instructed Bess on
the correct way to tie 'her possession' with the soft ropes that he had brought
in the bag. Pam was immobilized with her limbs stretched to the four corners of
the bed.

It was a bit uncomfortable. They had drawn her fairly tight and Pam couldn't
move much at all. Then Pam felt someone straddle her on the bed. The person was
standing with their feet planted on each side of her waist. From how much the
bed gave under the weight, the blindfolded Pam knew that it must be Jake.
Suddenly two large hands grabbed her tightly at the waist and lifted her waist,
hips and thighs. Her arms and legs stretched, the soft rope biting into her
wrists and ankles. She felt as if she were on some sort of pulling machine. She
feared her arms would be dislocated. Jake was very strong and Pam cried out as
he continued to lift her restrained body. Then she felt something soft being
pushed under her ass. Then something more, until the space between her backside
and the bed was filled with what Pam assumed were pillows. Jake finally relaxed
his grip and Pam settled back down, but only a fraction of the distance she was
lifted. Her arms and legs were still taut and her muscles were beginning to
protest the pulling and stretching. Even more worrisome for Pam was the position
this placed her genitals. With her legs spread and ass elevated, her pussy was
the highest point on her body. She could feel the folds of her vulva open and
exposed. A light movement of air played across their damp surface, causing Pam
to shiver.

Pam heard Bess comment, "Look at her beautiful pussy, Jake." It was a bodiless
voice in the distance to the housewife who was feeling real discomfort.

A melodious, syrupy, deep masculine voice agreed, "Yes, it is. Let's play with
it."

A weight was felt by Pam at each side. "Both Bess and Jake must now be sitting
on the bed with me between them," Pam thought.

"Has she ever been eaten?" the deep voice continued.

"She told me that her husband had licked her a few times, but that's all. Never
by a man with a talent for cunt sucking."

"Well, let's build her up slowly, before I bring out the cane."

Pam felt the heavier weight slide down and move between her outstretched legs.

Pam could feel hot breath on her pussy. The quiet and not knowing what was
happening was maddening. It seemed forever, and then with butterfly gentleness
something touched her. A finger was laid right between her wet outer pussy lips.

"How did you get her clit so red?" the deep voice asked, the spoken word causing
the skin between her legs to vibrate in resonance.

"Oh," Bess laughed, the voice still at he side, "I dyed it when I dyed her
nipples. A wonderful idea, the chemicals have made her so sensitive and
squirming over the last month. I was thinking that I might give her another
application to make her nipples brighter and perhaps dye her pussy lips so they
stand out even more. Although they seemed red and puffy most of the time now,
anyway."

Pam heard the comments and realized that Bess had indeed controlled her from the
start. But that didn't matter now. Why didn't he hurry up and do something? She
needed an orgasm and she needed to get her mind off the pain in her arms and
legs.

"Well, let's see how it tastes," Jake said, still referring to Pam as nothing
more than an object, a sex toy.

Finally, Pam felt it a rough tongue just touching her sex, teasing her. Touching
and pulling away. Pam tried to arch herself further to regain the contact with
it.

"Please," she whimpered, "Please." But it was no use, she couldn't move at all.
All she accomplished was to bring greater pain to her limbs. Jake continued to
tease with his lips and tongue. Driving her crazy with need and desire. Pam felt
that she were in a void of sexual frenzy that would never be satisfied.

"Please, I need... please." She didn't know that she was in the hands of a
master who would play her until she crawled on her belly and begged him to give
her release. Begging him to use her in any way he wanted. She would do anything
to escape the void she was spiraling in.

Jake spent some time playing with Pam's pussy. Finally he stood, chin wet with
her slickness. Pam's pussy clasped at the empty air, snapping like the mouth of
a hungry baby bird. As if, on its own, it were pleading for something-anything--
to come and fill it.

Jake then brought out a small strap and teased the wet mound of cunt flesh,
stroking slowly across the tender skin. The he began to flick the strap,
building in intensity until distinct slapping sounds could be heard as the
leather struck the exposed and tender cunt.

To Bess' surprise, it seemed that this activity spurred Pam into louder and more
needy screams. Sure it hurt, but there was something different. Towards the end
of the strap play, as Pam's pussy was reddening slightly from the gentle blows,
the housewife was reduced to whimpering. More fluid than Bess had ever seen
Pet's vagina produce was running from the pussy that was offered up like a
sacrifice.

Jake had been quietly instructing Bess on the finer points of the S/M games he
was playing. A limp Pam was untied and retied on her stomach.

Now Jake offered Bess a chance to work on Pam's ass while under his instruction.
He showed Bess how to vary the strokes and the spot her paddle hit. He showed
Bess how to build in intensity, then slacken. He showed Bess all the things that
were maddening to the housewife who had not cum, but had been experiencing other
intense pleasures.

Finally they were finished, "Now is the most important time Bess, watch me."

Jake laid on the bed and held the bound woman gently. He cooed in her ear. She
didn't notice at first, but as she returned from that place beyond herself where
she had been floating, she began once again to feel the hurt and the pain of
what had been done to her. But Jake was there comforting her. Pam was exhausted,
or so she thought. Jake gently unbound the ropes. Complimenting her, praising
her for her endurance and ability to absorb punishment. He caressed her,
squeezed some soothing ointment on her, held her, cuddled her and began to make
gently love to her. First a quick kiss, then a caress, then a gentle stroking of
her breasts, belly and buttocks. He told her how proud he was of her and how
proud Bess was of her. He was her savior. Pam was safe in his arms.

Jake began to whisper, "You need an orgasm Pam." The housewife whimpered in his
ear, but he could feel her hips roll. "You need to finish. Let me help you. You
need to be fucked Pam. You need it now or you won't be able to stand it."

Jake motioned Bess to the side of the bed. Bess knows you need to be fucked and
wants you to be satisfied. Don't you, Bess?"

"Pet, I want you to be fucked now Pet, You need it. Nothing else matters. That's
what I want!"

Jake kissed Pam's ear then her lips gently. He pulled the blindfold from the
housewife's eyes. He kissed each eyelid gently. Pam's eyes opened slowly and
looked from Jake to Bess. Tears stained her face, but she looked absolutely
beautiful. So innocent, so wanton. Jake gently unzipped his pants and fished out
his impressive member. He took Pam's small delicate hand and wrapped her fingers
around his throbbing flesh tube.

The melodious deep voice continued, "You need this Pam. You need release, you
need to be fucked."

Pam looked into Jake's face. She could feel Bess by her side. Then she closed
her eyes and simply, softly, said, "Fuck me. Fuck me now."





Acquisition 28/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Jake grinned. He was going to break in this married cunt, and enjoy every
second.

His demeanor with Pam belied his darker purpose. He continued to be gentle with
Pam. Softly kissing and caressing her while he slipped out of his clothes. Once
naked, he stood beside the bed drinking in the sight of the naked housewife. Her
tits were capped with hard red nipples, her shapely legs slightly parted. A
small triangle of brown pubic hair pointed to her pussy, still red from the
strapping it had received. Her cunt lips were wet. Jake gently spread her legs
further and knelt between the open thighs.

"I'm going to fuck you now, Pam. I will give you that release you need so badly.
You need it and want it. Bess wants you to have it." Jake droned in his deep
sensual voice.

The housewife whimpered as she felt the large powerful man lean forward and hold
himself over her body with his sinewy arms. He separated his thighs, forcing
Pam's legs further apart. Pam felt as if she were in another world. Floating in
an erotic dream, a dark sensual presence above her ready to take her to some
unknown place of pure physical pleasure. She wanted to go. She surrendered to
this dark form, and embraced it.

Jake was surprised at Pam's strength as she wrapped her legs and arms around his
body. It was as if she were trying to squeeze their bodies together into one
mass of flesh. "Well, he thought, "I'm ready to merge with this hot bitch." He
was easily able to hold up both Pam and his own kneeling weight with one of his
strong arms. He reached between his and Pam's bodies with the other hand and
grasped his cock. He began to rub the dark bulbous head up and down between
Pam's slick pussy lips.

Suddenly Jake stopped the maddening teasing of Pam's cunt with his hard large
organ. The spongy cock helmet was lodged at her opening. A new cock, only the
second cock ever, was ready to impale Mrs. Pam Henderson. Pam, the devoted wife
and mother. Pam, the teacher and churchgoer. PAM, the sex toy to Bess and soon
to be cock hungry slut.

Jake flexed his hips and levered the head of his fuck stick into the open
wetness that at this moment defined Pam. The housewife gurgled slightly.
Somewhere in the back of her lust clouded mind she knew what was happening. She
was going to be thoroughly screwed by this man. Someone other than her husband.
But that was at the back of her consciousness. What she thinking was how much
she needed this, and how good each thick inch of cock felt as it slipped easily
into her trained and waiting pussy.

Jake pressed slowly forward, slipping deeper and deeper into her cunt, until
finally his entire pulsing throbbing cock was embedded into the now whimpering
woman under him.

It was glorious. Jake was jaded; he had experienced many sexual delights, but he
had never felt a warm, wet, velvety vagina like Pam's. He was experiencing a
feeling akin to plunging his cock into buttery gold. A pussy that was more
wonderful than any his well used cock had ever experienced.

Pam could almost feel Jake's blood coursing through the flesh inside her. Yes,
she had been fucked by dildos, sucked cocks and paraded naked in front of many
people over the last several months. But this was different. This was the
joining of a man and a woman in the most intimate and wonderful way. His body
was pressing against hers and part of him was inside of her. This was different
from anything she had experienced until now. This was the ultimate surrender,
the ultimate gift. This man possessed her. And now-now, that wonderful organ was
gently beginning to move in her. Filling her like she had never been filled
before. Pam began to cry in joy, delight and deep in the recesses of her mind,
in shame. Shame for being here, with a man's cock moving in and out of her cunt.
The cunt she pledged to her husband. And shame because it was so wonderful.

The cock began to move faster, stroke longer. The tears ended. Now there was
only the building within her. The building to a place of pure pleasure, pure
sensation that would define this part of the housewife forever. She surrendered
completely and began to mutter "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," as Jake began to
drive himself harder and harder into the most wonderful pussy he had ever known.

Jake could sense her complete abandonment to the act. Now he could allow his
true nature to be revealed. Gentleness and compassion were no longer needed. Now
the woman needed to be used. Now she needed to be so thoroughly fucked that she
would never want this experience to end. Love need not to be a concern, now it
was simply to drive her to orgasm after orgasm. Until she was addicted to a hard
cock inside of her.

Jake sat back slightly. Pam's hips had begun to rotate in tight little circles
forcing the cock inside of her to come in contact and stimulate every millimeter
of her slick channel. Jake's cock had been halfway withdrawn. Sensing this, the
mindless housewife flexed her hips, trying to recapture every inch of the
pleasure-giving tool. Jake placed his hands on the back of Pam's legs and lifted
them up. First to his shoulders, where he paused and stroked deeply several
times. Then over his head where he again paused and roughly jabbed himself in
and out. Finally, he bent Pam completely in half. Forcing her legs until her
body couldn't bend any further. Again, he stroked. Pam's pussy was drawn so
tight by this position that her cunt opening was forced into an unnatural
tightness. Her ass was upturned and Jake's heavy testicles lay in her spread
crack. The thick hair on his balls tickled her hairless asshole.

He acknowledged Bess for the first time since he had begun fucking Pam. He
gestured for her to bring the rope to the bed. Bess, for her part, was enjoying
watching her Pet finally being fucked. She felt like she had chosen wisely.
Jake's experience made him the ideal candidate for the job of 'breaking Pam in'.
He was forceful, handsome and knowledgeable. Plus she had promised him an
opportunity to screw Pam. She just hoped that Jake would remember who was the
boss. If not, Bess would have no problem reminding him that she was in charge of
Mrs. Henderson.

Bess smiled as she began to bind Pam as Jake instructed. Yes this was the last
part of Pam's resistance to her. It actually had been easier than she thought to
get Jake's impressive cock inside her neighbor. Now she would be able to have so
much fun with Pam, with no limits.

Pam's wrists were tied together at the bottom of the headboard, in the middle.
Her feet were tied separately to the top of each side of the headboard. Pam was
bent double. Her legs were spread wide, and her pussy and ass were actually
pointed up. Only the top of her back, shoulders and head were in contact with
the mattress. It was a painful and uncomfortable position, but one that allowed
the deepest penetration possible by Jake. Jake was now squatting over Pam. His
cock was still deeply embedded in the housewife. As for Pam, no discomfort or
pain could change her focus. To her the only thing that existed was the ridged
cylinder that was so deep inside of her. She felt like a bottomless sex organ,
being filled and filled again with Jake's now savage thrusts.

And she came, An orgasm like nothing she had ever experienced. Sensations so
overwhelming that she though she was dying. If this was death then she would
welcome it.

Jake felt her cumming. He had seen women ejaculate before, but the warm sweet
liquid flowed from Pam in amazing quantity. She bathed his cock in her juices,
flowing over her thighs and soaking the bed. But he kept driving his cock into
her. Not giving Pam time to recover, but taking her to another orgasm. This time
when she came, he thrust a finger into her exposed and now wet ass hole. With
Jake sawing both his cock and finger roughly in and out of her open and exposed
ass and cunt, Pam had her third orgasm, screaming like the mythical banshee. Her
eyes fluttered and spittle ran from her slack jaw. Now Jake bore down, his own
orgasm imminent. Pam was lost in her own orgasms as Jake began his. He pumped
shot after shot of his searing jism into the housewife, finally collapsing onto
her bent and tortured body.

The cocksman that he was, Jake soon lifted himself from Pam. Combined juices
literally ran off his cock and dripped onto the bed and floor as he stood up.

"Damn, that was incredible," Bess said with awe. "That woman sure can take a
dicking."

"She is special, Bess. Let's get her up and then I'll be ready for round two.
When I'm done your little Pet will never be the same."

"Jake, before we let her up, I want to decorate her a little."

"How?"

"Well the other night I had her wear that nipple chain you gave me. It was
beautiful on her. Plus maybe the anal plug. She really seems to get off on ass
play."

"Good idea, but look in my bag, I brought some other versions of those same
items with me. I hoped to be able to use them on her."

"Great, and Jake, save a little of that wonderful cock for me. This is making me
horny. When it comes to Pam it's a fuck for a fuck. Every time you nail her, I
expect to get mine. So if you are going to do her again, you will spend some
time with me. Understand?"

"Hey, you'll get no complaints from me, Bess," Jake said with his most sincere
phony smile. He would screw Bess both literally and figuratively. He was already
thinking of how he was going to get the incredible Mrs. Henderson away from her.
He wanted to own the housewife himself.

Jake untied the ropes holding Pam's feet to the headboard. He didn't release
her, but put enough slack in the rope so that Pam's back was lying on the bed.
Her legs were still pulled up and open by the rope. Pam still existed in her own
world, but she moaned as her muscles were able to relax. Her head lolled to one
side, her breathing shallow and her eyes closed.

Jake roughly grabbed one of Pam's tits and squeezed it hard. Pam moaned again
but didn't react. When Jake let go the imprint of his hand was obvious on the
tender flesh. Looking in the bag, Jake and Bess pulled out a nipple chain and
butt plug that had some wires attached. The nipple chain was wicked looking. It
didn't have the wire loops that only gave the wearer a slight pinch, This gold
chain was much heavier and had mean looking alligator clamps on each end. Bess
examined the spring-loaded clamps carefully, while Jake attached a small black
box to the wires coming from the butt plug.

"These will hurt," Bess said.

"That's the idea, Bess. But the real fun isn't when you put them on; it's when
you take them off. With big sensitive nipples like Pam has, she will be rolling
around on the floor promising anything to make the pain stop.

Jake took the nipple chain and attached each clamp to Pam's red tipped tits. The
little teeth dug into the tender flesh, not breaking the skin but squeezing with
sharp pain. Pam had begun to come back to earth and let out a sharp yelp as the
jaws slammed shut. After a momentary flexing of her muscles, Pam relaxed back
onto the bed. Jake's next movement, placing the lubricated butt plug against
Pam's asshole, didn't bring a jerk from her. Jake noted that she actually tried
to open her buttocks for him. The lubricated cone was pushed into Pam's rectum
without fanfare by Jake. He turned to Bess and said, "Watch this!"

Jake picked up the small black box. The wires attached to it were connected by
two wires about three feet long that snaked their way to Pam's ass. He held up
the box and with the flourish of his arm pushed a small switch. Pam's whole body
tensed, then began to shake uncontrollably.

"God, what is happening to her?" Bess asked in wonder.

"The butt plug has a vibrator in it. As sensitive as her ass is she will be
cumming anytime now."

With that statement, Pam began to wail and more fluid leaked from her empty
pussy.

Jake left the vibrator on and untied the housewife. Unbound Pam began to roll
around on the bed and her hands went to her own pussy and stroked her clit,
setting off another orgasm.

Bess and Jake watched the writhing housewife with amusement. Then Bess said,
"This bed is a mess. Let's take her to my room."

Jake leaned over and hoisted Pam over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. Her
tits hung forward and tickled the hair on his chest. He started out of the room,
with Bess following. Since Bess was so short, Pam's ass hung at her face height.
It was such a tempting target that she couldn't help herself and she began to
slap Pam's ass as they walked down the hallway. Entering the master bedroom,
Jake dumped Pam unceremoniously onto Bess' bed. She lay there, enjoying the
vibrator induced sensations emanating from her ass. Jake grabbed her blonde hair
roughly and pulled Pam's face to his groin as he stood next to the bed.

"Suck it and make it hard again, slut," he growled. No more niceties for this
cunt. He was going to fuck her again. Only this time, with his edge off, he
would pound her until she begged him to stop.

Jake's slimy cock was coated with both his juices and her own. He dangled it
over her head, allowing the tip to trail across her face and nestle against her
lips.

Pam mewed. Her eyes were still closed. She didn't move until Bess said, "Suck
him, Pet!" Pam opened her eyes and saw the matted black hair of Jake's lower
belly. She could feel his soft rubbery cock on her lips, so she opened her mouth
and sucked the flaccid worm into her mouth. She could taste his cum and a sweet
tang that she knew was her own juice. She gently began to work her cheeks,
applying suction to the soft member. Her tongue cleaned the cock and felt it
begin to jerk to life in fits and starts.

"That's a good little cocksucker," Jake observed as he reached down and pulled
on the nipple chain. Pam cried out around the stiffening cock, her nipples on
fire. Soon he was hard again and Pam was licking up and down the length of his
large organ.

"Don't mess up my bed, Jake. I don't want to be rolling around in a wet spot
later," Bess instructed.

"OK, let's stand her up and I'll do her doggy style."

Bess cleared off the top of a small table by the window. "Lean her over this."
Jake pulled Pam from the bed. Leading her by the nipple chain that was torturing
her tits. He pushed the housewife over the table and kicked her legs apart. Then
he withdrew the still vibrating butt plug, saying, "I don't want her distracted
from how good my cock is going to feel deep inside of her.

"Make her put it in herself, Jake," Bess ordered.

Jake stepped behind the bending Pam and placed her hand on his rigid love
muscle. "Pam, put this where you know you want it."

Pam groaned and pulled the cock towards her still dripping cunt.

"Tell me where you want it?"

"Please, inside of me."

"Where?"

"Inside of me. IN MY CUNT!"

"That's a good little slut. I'll be happy to put my cock in your precious
married cunt."

"OHH... OHH... OHHH!" was all Pam could utter as Jake rammed himself balls deep
in one thrust.

"Look at Pet go," Bess observed as Pam frantically began grinding her ass
against the standing Jake. He laughed aloud, grabbed Pam's hips and began to
thrust hard and fast into the warm sticky pussy that was begging for more.

Unnoticed by either Pam or Jake, Bess heard a commotion outside, then the
throaty growl of a small gas engine.

Bess leaned down next to a panting Pam's face and said, "I wonder what's going
on outside." She pulled the rope that raised the bedroom blind. The semi-dark
room was filled with the bright afternoon sunlight. After the eyes of the three
adjusted, a good view of the neighborhood backyards became clear. Pam, with her
ass rocking to accept Jake's magnificent cock deep into her womb was looking
down on her children playing catch with a Frisbee and her husband wearily
walking back and forth across the grass pushing the lawn mower. Jake reached
forward and pulled the nipple chain eliciting an, "ouch, ummm," from Pam. Bess
said, "Oh look Pet, Bill is mowing the yard. Will he trim any bushes today?"

Jake laughed sardonically, "I'm the only one doing any bush work today." He
rotated his hips thrusting easily into the housewife who continued to push back
at the hard invading cock, even as she watched her family. Tears rolled down
Pam's face but she never stopped fucking that wonderful cock that was giving her
so much pleasure. In fact, as she watched her husband wipe his sweaty forehead
as he trudged along, she could feel her next orgasm building deep in her belly.

Jake continued to fuck Pam for a few minutes, bringing her to several more
mind-numbing orgasms. At one point, as she was cumming, Bill was even looking at
the back of Bess' house as if asking himself where his wife was. His wife was
getting the fucking of her life, and the dolt Bill didn't know it and couldn't
do anything about it if he did. For at that moment, all Mrs. Bill Henderson
cared about was the sensations that the magnificent cock porking her roughly
provided her yearning body and soul.

Finally, Jake stopped. Ordering Pam to put her hands behind her back and not to
move them, Jake stood her up facing both her tormentors. "Watch this, Bess,"
Jake said evilly. "Don't move your hands, Pam, or I will cane you until your ass
bleeds."

Pam was frightened and thrilled at his words. Pam looked down at her breasts as
Jake's hand moved toward the alligator clamp on her left nipple. She was amazed.
Her tits were so, so, sexual. The full value of her own body as a sex object was
just being realized by the housewife. Her thoughts were interrupted as Jake
pulled the clamp from her tit. "The pain was excruciating and Pam involuntarily
let out a loud scream before she was able to bite her lips closed. The sharp
needle like pain radiated out from the center of her breast and the housewife
nearly fainted from the effect. But quickly the pain turned into a dull
throbbing ache and the nipple even stiffened. "Now the other." Pam thought she
could handle this better. But it took all of her strength to keep her arms
behind her back and not grasp the right nipple that was now killing her. Knowing
how much it would hurt made it worse. As the pain subsided, Pam could feel more
moisture seeping from her well-used cunt. The pain was turning her on.

"This one will be able to endure much." Jake observed as he told Pam to go ahead
and rub her tender tits. The housewife immediately cradled her breasts and,
despite the tears of pain, felt little jolts of electricity as her fingers
soothed the rubbery tips.

Bess sent Pam to the shower to clean up. When the housewife returned wrapped in
a towel, She found that Bess had stripped and was lying with Jake on her bed,
toying with his still erect cock. Pam looked at the hard organ with longing.

"You really are a slut, Pet. Go home and fuck your husband tonight. But I'll bet
he won't even get you off. I'm not sharing Jake with you anymore today. Go on,
I'll see you tomorrow."

As Pam dropped the towel and headed out of the room Bess said, "Strip your bed
before you go, and I was serious-- I want you to screw Bill tonight. After today
you will finally understand what you have been missing all these years."

As Pam stripped her bed, she could hear the sounds of bedsprings and Bess'
grunting. She wished she was the one being fucked again by Jake. After
depositing the sheets in the washing machine, Pam left the house. She quickly
dressed on the patio. Wearing her church clothes, she greeted her family as she
walked across the yards and headed inside her own house. She changed her clothes
and in doing so, cupped her pussy. It was sore, but for the first time in days,
she didn't feel a sexual need. She cried for a while, feeling ashamed. Was her
marriage over? Would she lose her family? What had she become? She didn't have
any answers. All she knew was that when Bess called her, she would run across
the yards and submit herself to her neighbor's whims.

Later in the day, Pam even helped Bill out in the yard. Bill occasionally
noticed that she would look over at Bess' house and seem to daydream. He didn't
think much about it. He was just glad she was helping with the yard work.

That night Pam asked Bill for sex. He liked his wife's new, more forward
attitude; it excited him. So Bill mounted her quickly. Unfortunately, his
average cock spewed its load just as quickly, leaving Pam frustrated in the way
Bess said would happen. That night, Pam dreamed about Jake's big cock and the
orgasms she wanted to experience.

*****

The next morning was a long one for Pam. She felt such guilt about what had
happened the day before, that she could not keep her mind on teaching. One of
her fellow teachers even asked if she was OK. Pam burst into tears and escaped
to the bathroom until she could collect herself.

She had been unfaithful to Bill. She was a sinner, a common slut. That is what
Bess and Jake had called her. She was even considering calling Bess, telling her
it was over, and she would not visit anymore. But as Pam left the pre-school,
Bess was waiting for her.

"Get in my car, Pet. We have an errand to run together."

"Miss Bess, please. I need to talk with you about... "

"Shut up and get in my car; we can talk on the way. I don't want to be late for
our appointment."

"Where are we going? To a store or beauty salon?"

"You will see." Bess drove out of the school parking lot and asked, "Now, what
did you want to say?"

"Miss Bess, yesterday I made love to another ma... "

"Pet you didn't make love you were fucked. And you enjoyed it a lot, from what I
saw. Didn't you?"

Silence from Pam.

"Well, didn't you?"

Whispering now Pam answered, "Yes."

"A lot?"

"Yes, a lot."

"Good, then what is the problem? I told you, while you are in my house, you are
not married to Bill and I am your only family. You belong to me and I will make
sure you're happy, Pet. I love you. Now stop all this nonsense, we have an
appointment to keep."

Bess pulled into a parking lot. Pam was surprised when she realized that it was
a doctor's office. It was Dr. Conrad's office. He was the OB/GYN that Pam had
seen for years. He was a kindly old white-haired doctor who had delivered both
of Pam's girls and did her now yearly pelvic exam. He was a sweet old doctor and
Pam loved him. Pam looked at Bess with questions in her eyes.

"Don't you remember, Pet? When I first moved here years ago, I asked you who you
used. I've been going to Dr. Conrad myself ever since."

"Miss Bess, why do we both need to see him?"

"You just be quiet and I'll do the talking, Pet."

As one of Dr. Conrad's favorite patients, Pam was ushered immediately into Dr.
Conrad's Office with Bess following right behind. This was not an examining
room, but his personal office. The two women took seats across from a large oak
desk covered with paper and medical journals.

The door opened and Dr. Conrad, looking a little like Santa Claus without the
beard said, "Well what a nice surprise. How are those girls, Pam? And good to
see you, Bess."

"The girls are wonderful, Dr. Conrad."

He replied, "New hair style, Pam? I don't think blonde suits you but everybody
wants to look young these days. Not vanity in your case, I hope?" Dr. Conrad
added with a chuckle to indicate he was joking.

He sat down behind his desk and Bess immediately took control of the
conversation.

"Dr. Conrad," as an active unmarried 30-year-old, "I find that I would like to
have a convenient form of birth control. Would you prescribe some pills for me?"

"Well, Bess, there are other options."

"I know, Dr. Conrad, but they tend to kill the mood. If you know what I mean?"

The Doctor shook his head. "You understand the risks of unprotected sex these
days, don't you Bess?"

"Of course, Doctor. I will act responsibly."

"Ok then, here is a sample and I'll write you a prescription for a year's
supply."

Bess continued, "Thank you Dr. Conrad. Now, can you also write a prescription
for Pam?"

Pam buried her face in her hands. Of all the people she loved outside of her
family, her pastor and her doctor were the one's she cared about the most. This
was the worst thing that had ever happened to her.

Dr. Conrad sputtered in shock then gaining his composure said, "Bill had a
vasectomy after your last daughter was born, didn't he, Pam? I remember I
referred him to the urologist. I thought he had the procedure done."

Bess looked Dr. Conrad dead in the eye and calmly said, "Oh, Bill had the
vasectomy, but Pam still needs the birth control pills, don't you Pam?"

There was silence. Bess reached over and squeezed Pam's arm hard. In a tight
voice she said, "Tell Dr. Conrad that you need the pills."

Pam wished that she could sink through the floor. This was the worst shame she
had ever felt. "I need some pills," Pam muttered softly.

In a gentle voice Dr. Conrad asked, "Pam, do you need to talk with someone; can
I help? Is there a problem at home?"

Bess stood and, in an even voice, said to the Doctor, "Pam is a healthy,
sexually active 37 year old woman. She came here because you are her doctor and
should know what medicines she is taking. But we can go to the clinic and get a
prescription there. Whether you like it or not, Pam needs those pills." Then
with a laugh Bess added, "We don't want her getting knocked up, do we?"

Dr. Conrad shook his head and wrote out two prescriptions. As the women left the
office, Bess added, "Don't forget doctor-patient confidentiality. We wouldn't
want to worry Bill, now would we?" Pam's eyes never left the floor as she walked
out of the office. She was beaten.

Once in the car Bess said brightly, "Now we don't have to worry about all those
cum filled cocks, Pet. Isn't that great?" At that instant, Pam knew that what
had happened yesterday was going to happen again. How many times? Pam was both
frightened and excited at the prospect.

Bess drove out of the parking lot on her way to the mall. One more stop to make.

The women entered the mall. At least today Pam was in her teacher clothes, she
thought. Bess led her to the jewelry store. Just before entering, Bess stopped
and said "Pet, give me your wedding rings." Pam looked puzzled but immediately
complied. She found that she was doing what Pam wanted automatically now. She
sometimes even anticipated Bess' wishes.

Bess pocketed the rings and, hooking her arm in Pam's, led her into the store.
The women walked up to the ring counter and Bess was soon being helped by a
sales lady.

"Well Pet, I have another present for you. A very special one that represents my
love for you and your devotion to me. When I put it on your finger, I expect you
to keep it on always. You will never take it off. Do you understand?"

Pam looked into Bess' eyes and knew that she would do whatever Bess wanted. She
really was her possession. Bess took a gold signet ring from the sales clerk and
placed it on Pam's finger where her wedding rings had been. On the small oval
were engraved the letters "P-E-T".

Bess leaned over and whispered in Pam's ear, "you belong to me, Pet."

Pam looked with a blank expression as Bess paid for the ring and then pulled her
from the store.

Once outside, Bess looked at her watch and said, "It's time to pick up your
girls from school." She pecked Pam on the cheek and handed the housewife her
wedding rings. "You can wear these with my ring, but in my house, our house,
when you are naked, you will take Bill's rings off."

"Yes, Miss Bess."

Pam was frantically trying to think of what excuse she would give Bill if he
noticed the signet ring. Maybe she could tell him it was a gift from parents at
school. PET could stand for something like Pam - Exceptional -Teacher. It was
corny but Bill would probably except that.

Pam's car was retrieved from the pre-school parking lot. The girls were picked
up from school with Bess following. The four women spent the afternoon at the
Henderson home and Bess played favorite 'Aunty' for the afternoon. She left Pam
just before Bill got home. Standing at the door, Bess took the Ben Wa balls and
the butt plug from her purse and pressed them into Pam's hand. "Go put these in
you. I'll see you tomorrow at twelve. I think I'll invite Mr. Odom and his
friends over while we get some sun. I'm sure you will want to reward whoever
wins their card game." Bess kissed Pam on the lips and reached up and squeezed
one of Pam's breasts.

The housewife felt her stomach flutter and caught herself before she kissed Bess
back. "God, I can't control myself," she thought in shame. Then, as Bess walked
out of the door she wondered, "I wonder if those old goats can still get it up?"

The door slammed shut and Pam fairly ran to her bathroom holding the 'toys'. She
needed some stimulation. Squatting on the bathroom floor with her dress around
her waist, Pam shivered as she lubricated the butt plug. She found that she was
able to insert it without much trouble. This was the first time she had put
something in her own asshole. It still seemed dirty to her, but the sensations
were wonderful. The Ben Wa balls popped into her pussy so easily that they were
like an old friend coming home. Pam dropped the hem of her dress and headed
downstairs to make dinner for her family. The fullness made her feel complete.




Acquisition 29/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


Pam rushed home from school and was soon stripping off her clothes on Bess'
patio, anxious to see her friend and get a workout. Once in the house she found
a glass ring holder on the table. She slipped off her wedding bands and put them
in the holder. The holder was Bess' way of reminding Pam of what she expected.
Pam kept her PET ring in place on her finger. She felt such a part of Bess,
wearing the simple gold band.

Pam joined Bess in the basement. The two women moved through a quick workout.
Pam was instructed to leave the balls and plug in her pussy and ass. The balls
were no problem but the butt plug was a little stiff and caused her occasional
discomfort if the exercise required deep bends. Bess made a point to swat Pam's
ass with the paddle periodically. It was definitely play for Bess and Pam
actually enjoyed the attention, even though she really hadn't done anything to
deserve a hard swat. Bess was simply reminding her who was boss.

The workout was quick and ended when the doorbell rang. Pam and Bess went
upstairs to find the three card players sitting at the picnic table waiting for
them. Pam walked outside onto the patio without shame. She was getting quite
used to being gawked at by the men.

"We won't be interrupted today, will we?" Mr. Odom asked, impatiently.

"No," Bess replied, "The girls are in school until 2:30. That gives us about an
hour of sun time before Pet has to leave to pick them up."

"An hour, huh? Well, as hot as the sun is we better help you ladies with some
sun tan lotion, shouldn't we?"

Bess laid on her lounge chair orienting it to the sun. Then she said, "Why don't
you boys go ahead and take care of her. I think I'll do fine without any oil
today.

Mr. Odom turned Pam's chair so it was parallel to Bess' and with a flourish
indicated that he was ready for Pam to lay down. "Mrs. Henderson, your bed
awaits," he said with an evil chuckle.

Pam looked blankly at Mr. Odom and his friends as she reclined on her back, for
she knew that was the way Bess wanted her. She shivered in anticipation. She
knew what was coming.

Bess held out the oil for Mr. Odom. As he reached for it she pulled it back,
just out of his reach. "You know, Clyde, my yard is looking a little rough
around the edges. I sure would appreciate it if you boys would be neighborly and
do some yard work for me."

"OK! OK, Bess. Tell us what you want done and we will do it, just give me that
oil."

Bess was now the one to chuckle as she flipped the plastic bottle to Mr. Odom.
With a sarcastic tone, she said, "See Pet? Use your body right and you can get
anything you want. A stiff prick makes most men willing to do anything for you."

Frank said, "I'd sure as hell do anything for her," as he knelt at Pam's side.

Bess laughed and added, "Well, to do anything for her you need to make me happy.
Don't they, Pet?"

"Yes, Miss Bess," Pam replied, as the first glob of oil splashed onto her right
breast.

In just a few moments globs and strings of oil crisscrossed Pam's breasts,
stomach and thighs. Six liver-spotted hands followed and began rubbing the oil
across her body. Not surprisingly, the hands spent most of their time on the two
pillowy tits that seemed to beg for attention. Pam closed her eyes and gave
herself over to the sensations. Her mouth slacked open and she moaned softly.
Her hips began to rock as if she were gently fucking the air above her groin.
Mr. Odom, seeing the soft thrusting, decided to move a hand to the neatly
trimmed pussy to see if he could get away with some more intimate touching.

His oily hands rubbed through the pubic hair, causing it to stick to the tender
flesh. Odom slid his fingers further between Pam's legs and tried to find her
clit. His thick fingers didn't have the dexterity of the touch to accomplish
that goal so he slid his fingers further down and began to play with Pam's pouty
outer pussy lips. He was able to grasp them fairly easily and alternated pulling
first one of the stretchy labia, then the other. His hand moved back and forth,
pulling and stretching. Pam's pink inner lips came into view and the tender
inside of her vulva was soon open to the air and the probing fingers of the
dirty old man. Mr. Odom was getting no negative reaction from Bess, who watched
his manipulations intently. Pam was thrusting her hips with more vigor now that
her pussy was being directly stimulated. Her eyes were still closed and she had
drifted off to that place she seemed to enjoy going to when her body was being
played with.

Odom decided to go further and wormed a finger into his neighbor's cunt. The
invading digit caused Pam to jump on the chair, knocking the four hands that
were still manipulating her tit flesh from her body. "Damn it, Clyde," Frank
exclaimed, "how can we have any fun with you making her squirm around.

Bess laughed and hopped up from her chair. "I'll help. I did something with Pet
yesterday that she enjoyed and will keep her still." Bess skipped into the house
and quickly reappeared with the ropes that Jake had used to tie Pam up during
her inaugural extramarital fuck. Bess pushed the men away from Pam and quickly
tied her arms to the metal at the top of the chair and spread her legs and tied
each ankle to a leg of the lounger, her feet planted flat on the patio. Pam's
upper thighs torso and, more importantly, pussy and tits looked like some
backyard sacrifice. Bess stepped back to look at her handiwork but the view was
obscured at the three old men swooped down on the helpless housewife. Bess
overheard one of the men mutter "This is unbelievable."

Bess settled back into her own chair, leaving her Pet to be probed, pinched, and
stimulated. The poor woman could do nothing but lay there and receive the
attentions of the three men, whether it was wanted or not. "It's so much fun
owning another person," Bess thought to herself.

Pam pulled against her restraints, not in an attempt at escape but in the need
born from her arousal. Being tied by Bess actually gave her comfort. After all,
she had no control of what happened to her now, so she could give herself over
to all the feelings welling up inside, without guilt. The ropes made it easier
for her and, even though she wouldn't admit it to herself, there was a comfort
in being tied up. A perverse thrill. She didn't realize it consciously but her
true masochistic nature was becoming more prominent when she was with Bess, or
anyone strong for that matter. She felt on one level that she was finally where
she belonged. Tied, contorted and being used as a sex toy.

The three men continued playing with her flesh. Clyde reinserted his finger into
Pam's now wide open pussy. Sinking it well into Pam, he exclaimed, "Shit, what's
that? She's got something hard in there." His fingertip tapped the metal Ben Wa
ball several times, then withdrew.

Bess didn't want to go through a long explanation with these old farts so she
simply glanced over and said, "I keep things in her pussy and ass so bad men
like you can't be screwing around with her."

"Damn, you mean she's got something in her asshole?"

"Yeah, take a look, but leave them alone. I don't want you boys thinking you can
stick your wrinkled old cocks into her."

Frank scooted down between Pam's legs and grabbing her ass cheeks, pulled them
apart. Like a blind man he craned his head between Pam's knees and squinted, Yes
there is some kind of black rubber thing in her ass. It looks like a cover on
her asshole."

Bess laughed, "Yeah, that's the end. It sticks a couple of inches inside her."

"It looks like that's stretching her hole pretty wide," Frank added.

Bess smiled, "Well she has never taken a cock up her ass. But if she gets open
enough we might have to try that. Won't we, Pet?"

"AHHHH, Ummmm," was the only response from Pam who had lost control to the hands
still stimulating her body.

"I'll take that as a yes, Pet," Bess continued, "So you want it up the ass? Good
for you. Always up for new experiences these days, aren't you? Personally, I'd
never let a man stick his cock up my ass, but then I'm not the slut that you
have become lately."

Odom said, "What do you mean, slut?"

"Oh! Pet has been enjoying sucking cocks and being fucked lately, haven't you
love."

"Ummm, Ahhhh."

"Will she be a slut for us?" Frank asked, releasing her ass and running his
hands up and down Pam's thighs. Pam's entire body was now slick with oil.

"No, I decide who gets to do what with her. But if you're nice and promise to do
a good job on my yard, maybe some hand jobs."

"You mean she'll jerk us off?"

"Sure, if you don't mind hanging those old cocks out right now. And if you can
get them up. Can you get them up, boys?" Bess chuckled, enjoying making not only
Pam, but also her senior citizen neighbors, dance to her whims.

"Are you kidding, Bess? I've had a woody like a twenty year old since I stuck my
finger into her sweet cunt," Odom replied. He stood up and unzipped his baggy
shorts and fished out a nice sized cock that was surprisingly hard for a man his
age.

Pam's eyes widened as she looked up at the underside of the fleshy tube hanging
over her body.

Odom continued, "Untie her hands, Bess, so she can stroke my cock for me."

Bess stood up once again and released Pam's hands from the bindings. While she
was doing that, the other two men simply dropped their pants and underpants.
Frank was now standing between Pam's still tied and wide open legs. Odom and the
other man were standing so each of their cocks were hanging over Pam's chest.

Bess encouraged Pam, "Go ahead and grab their cocks, Pet. Jerk them off, make
them cum for me. I want to see if you can make these cocks squirt."

Pam immediately reached up and grabbed a cock in each hand. Odom's penis was
hard as a rock, but the other cock was still only semi- hard. Bess decided to
help Pet by squirting some oil onto each of Pam's hands. Now well lubricated,
Pam's hands began to move swiftly and silently up and down each shaft. The
motion of her jerking arms caused her tits to roll around on her reclining body.
Frank muttered, "I can't wait anymore," and he began to beat his own cock with a
frantic motion.

Odom squatted down so the tip of his cock rested on one of Pam's tits. She
continued to masturbate him and watched the little hole on its tip expectantly,
as if saying "I can't wait to see what comes out." Odom didn't disappoint her.
Small globs of cum ran rather than squirted over Pam's breast. Having cum, Odom
stepped back and Pam concentrated on the other cock which was finally completely
hard. One of her hands continued to stroke the cock while the other cupped the
dangling testicles covered with soft gray pubic hair. Pam actually giggled at
the sight. Her giggle turned into a "OHHHH" as the cock she was holding gave one
solid stream which landed on her neck and chest. Then a few weak dribbles ran
down her fingers. Pam felt something warm hit her belly. Then another warm spot
landed in her pubic hair. She looked down between her legs in time to see Frank
bend down and wipe the tip of his wet cock on her thigh.

"Well, Pet, you did it," Bess exclaimed. "I'm proud of you, all three of these
old goats got off."

Pam actually smiled at the praise.

"Now rub their cum into your body."

The men stood and watched in disbelief as the housewife immediately followed her
instructions. Using her already slick hands, she rubbed the cum into her breast
and finally into her belly and pussy hair.

Odom was fixing his pants as he said, "Bess, you're right- she is a slut."

Pam shivered at the name. Deep in the recesses of her mind she knew they were
right. She was a slut when Bess wanted her to be one.

"OK boys, show's over," Bess said as she untied Pam's feet. "I'll expect my yard
work done before the weekend. Pam's husband is going out of town and I'm going
to have a little party. I want the place to look good."

Then she turned to the still naked and cum covered Pam and said, "Pet, get
dressed and go pick your daughters up. No bra or panties and no shower until
tonight. I want you to get used to the feel of jism all over your body."

Pam dutifully pulled her dress on over her sticky body. She went home, leaving
her bra and panties on the hook by the door. And once again forgetting her
wedding rings.

By the time she got home with her daughters she was beginning to smell and
called Bess to beg her to let her shower before her husband got home. Bess
relented and said she could go ahead and shower on the condition that she slip
out of the house and come over tonight after Bill went to sleep.

"That will be after 11:00, Miss Bess."

"That's OK, Pet. But to make it more interesting I don't want you to leave your
bedroom with any clothes on. No clothes at my backdoor or yours. So you need to
be really quiet tonight or else your family might see you running around naked.
We wouldn't want that to happen, would we?"

The line went dead in Pam's ear. Pam quickly showered and was the dutiful wife
and mother throughout the evening. She laid in bed impatiently that night,
waiting for Bill to go to sleep. A few minutes after 11:00 she could hear his
rhythmic breathing and quietly slipped from the bed. Taking a deep breath she
slipped off her sleep shirt. She wasn't wearing any panties, but still had the
butt plug and Ben Wa balls lodged deep inside of her. She had stopped wearing
panties to bed. It was just too hard to finger her pussy lips and clit with them
on.

Silently Pam glided down the stairs and out the door. She knew where every
squeaky board was located and made it out the back door with disturbing either
Bill or the girls. The cool night air felt wonderful against her warm skin. She
felt so free. There were a few lights on in the neighborhood. "Some late TV
watchers," Pam thought. She skipped across the grass to Bess' backdoor.

There were still lights on downstairs so Pam went right to the backdoor. It was
locked so Pam knocked softly. Bess' face appeared and through the glass she
said, "Go around to the front door."

Pam panicked. The backyards were dark, but in front of Bess' house were street
lights. What if a car came by or someone looked out their window? Pam would
clearly be seen running around the neighborhood naked in the middle of the
night.

"Go!" Bess ordered through the glass window.

Pam turned and, taking another deep breath, she ran around the house to the
front. She made quite a sight. Her big tits were flopping so much that the
housewife finally had to reach up and hold them so they wouldn't get bruised and
hurt. Her ass swayed deliciously and the toys deep inside of her stimulated her.
"God, what if someone sees me?" Pam thought. But thinking that, she also
realized that her pussy was wet. She was always wet these days, but tonight,
running around her own neighborhood naked, it was positively dripping. She felt
so frightened and so naughty.

Bess was standing at the open front door as Pam rounded the corner of the house.
The lights were off but Bess held a small flashlight and played it over Pam's
body as she walked up the steps.

"Let's go Pet, get in my car."

Pam looked confused, "Miss Bess, Where are... I'm naked, I can't... my family
thinks... "

"Shut up and get in the car, NOW."

Bess pushed Pam towards her car. When the door opened and the light came on Pam
looked nervously around the neighborhood to make sure nobody was on the street.
The housewife dove into the passenger seat and slammed the car door, hoping that
she wasn't seen. Bess got in the car. She was wearing sweatpants and a
tee-shirt. She started the car and drove down the street. Pam didn't know where
they were going and was afraid that Bess was taking her to some public place.
But she was relieved when the car turned into the dark parking lot of the park
that they had jogged in. No one seemed to be about and none of the fields or
courts were lit. Park activity usually ended at about 10:00 and it was now
11:30.

Bess turned off the lights and cut the engine. The two women sat in silence for
a few moments. Pam's stomach was doing butterflies. "I'm supposed to be in bed,
at home with my family. But I'm sitting naked in a car parked in a deserted
park." Interestingly, her pussy was leaking fluid all over the car seat.

Bess finally said, "Pet, take the plug and balls out of yourself."

Pam had to squirm and lift her hips from the seat. The ball came out easily but
she couldn't get in a position that allowed her to grasp the butt plug and
remove it from her asshole.

"I can't get it out, Miss Bess," Pam cried plaintively.

A large car pulled into the parking lot, its headlights illuminating the
interior of Bess' car. Pam dropped into the seat, trying to hide as much of her
body as she could.

"Oh, don't be such a baby, Pet. It's the guys from the dinner party the other
night. I invited them here for some late night exercise. You want some exercise,
don't you?"

The car stopped and soon Pam recognized Hank, Joe and Gerald surrounding the
car, peering in the window.

Gerald asked, "I thought we were going to work out. Why is she naked, Bess?"
They were all wearing shorts and sneakers, ready for some kind of exercise.

Bess laughed, "What kind of exercise do you think you do in a dark park at
midnight?"

"All right!" the irrepressible Hank exclaimed.

Bess got out of the car and shooed the men back. "Give us some room. I need to
get Pet ready."

Pam had a sick but excited feeling as Bess opened her door and pulled the
housewife to her feet.

The men let out an audible cheer as they saw the naked wife and mother once
again. Even though it was dark, the men knew that standing naked in the park was
a very sexy woman.

"Shhh, you guys. You want the cops to come?"

Pam looked around with panic in her eyes, "Oh my God," she thought, She could be
arrested. This would destroy her and her family if she were arrested, naked in
the park, in the middle of the night.

The men stood quietly waiting for Bess' instructions. "OK, Pet," she continued,
"Get that plug out of your ass."

Pam bent over and gingerly removed the butt plug. It felt as if her rectum was
wide open. It wasn't uncomfortable, but Pam had grown used to her holes being
full. Now she was empty.

"OK boys, we are going to play a little game of hide and seek. Pam is going to
hide in the park and if you find her you get to fuck her."

"Are you kidding?" Joe exclaimed, "We can fuck her this time? Not just a
blowjob?"

"Yep, that's right. Pet has learned to enjoy a nice hard cock in her pussy.
Haven't you, Pet?" Pam was crying, she knew that she was going to be unfaithful
to her husband again. She felt terrible, but her cunt betrayed her, it was
involuntarily grasping and contracting.

Bess spun Pam around and bound her arms behind her back. They were double tied
so both her arms and hands were immobilized. Then Pam was pushed over the hood
of the car. "Oh my God," Pam exclaimed. She was frightened that the men would
take her right here, in the parking lot. Anybody could pull into the lot and see
them.

Her worst fear seemed to be coming true as she felt someone pulling her ass
cheeks apart. "OH, NOooo."

"Shut up, Pet. It's not going to happen here. Unless that is what you want."

"No Miss Bess, please, someone might see."

"OK, If you thank me for having these men fuck you where you can't be seen, I'll
be kind. Otherwise, I might just take you out into the middle of downtown and
leave you there right now."

"Oh no, Please Miss Bess, have these men fuck me where I can't be seen."

"Very well Pet, since you want to be fucked so bad. But let's make a game of
it."

Pam felt something hard being pressed into her asshole and at first thought Bess
was putting the Butt plug back inside of her. Pam spread her legs and pushed her
hips back towards the invading hardness.

"You have become such a slut, Pet. Isn't it wonderful!" Bess observed.

That comment only spurred Pam on more, and she thrust backwards. The hard object
was no wider than the butt plug, but Pam now found that it was going deeper into
her rectum than the plug. She struggled a little against her bonds.

"That's OK Pet. I'm done. If it goes and deeper it will be because you want it
deeper."

Bess pulled Pam off the hood of the car. "Look behind you on the ground Pet."

Pam craned her head and saw a spot of light on the ground a foot behind her.

"I put my little flashlight inside you love. I don't want you getting lost in
the dark. Now head out into the park and I'll send the boys to find you. If you
happen to run into anybody in the park, you can always sit down. That should
hide the light, but it will probably make it go a little deeper."

Pam looked confused. Bess slapped her hard on the ass. "Go on, take a walk in
the park. After the men find you playing hide and seek, you can come back to the
car. But when they find you, I expect that you will give them a reward. Do you
understand?"

"Yes Miss Bess."

With another slap on the ass, Pam tentatively headed out into an open field of
the dark park. Her arms were bound tightly preventing her from reaching the
flashlight that was embedded deeply in her ass. The circle of light on the
ground moved choppily back and forth. Pam was obviously uncomfortable, walking
with the flashlight between her thighs. It hurt and she was frightened to death
that the light might attract attention. Thankfully, the park looked deserted as
her bare feet moved across the damp grass.

"Damn, look at that," one of the men said as the light on the ground moved away.
"I can't believe you're having her walk around the park naked, Bess."

Another male voice laughed, "With a flashlight stuck up her ass."

The third voice added, "How much of a head start do we give her?"





Acquisition 30/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter


The spot of light moved across the field, bouncing slightly from side to side.
Occasionally the light reflected off a white thigh, but mostly it got smaller
and smaller as it moved out into the large field. The light stopped for a moment
then rapidly moved off towards a stand of trees. At the tree line the light
disappeared.

"OK boys, go get her. Whoever fucks her last, take off her arm restraints. When
you're done, leave her out there and take off. I'll get her later."

The three men took off toward the area where they last saw the spot of light.

Pam had been moving awkwardly. The grass was damp and slick under her feet and
the hard plastic flashlight stretching her asshole was unyielding, making her
gait disjointed. As she walked across the field she sensed someone in the field
with her. Almost immediately she heard a voice in the dark say, "What's that
light?" Then another voice said, "I think I see someone."

These were young male voices, they sounded like teenagers. Pam scurried as
quickly as she could to the trees. While she was moving she heard one of the
teenage voices say, "Should we see who it is?"

Once out of the open field and relatively hidden, Pam sat down behind a tree,
pressing the flashlight lens against the ground. It effectively hid the light,
but also pushed the flashlight deeper into her stretched rectum. The housewife
moaned softly from the invasion. She hoped that the teenagers didn't follow her.
How would she explain being naked in the middle of the night to the police or
her family?

While Pam pondered her situation the three men walked out into the field. The
teenagers, hearing the voices of adult males, became frightened and took off to
see if there were some other place they could hang out without anyone around.

The men, hearing the teenagers split up, Gerald went toward the voices and the
other two men moved in the dark to where they had last seen the light.

Pam decided that the best thing that she could do was to go back to the car and
"Miss Bess". She certainly didn't want to be caught in the park in this
situation. The housewife accepted that she would have to beg her friend to take
her home. In fact, she was so frightened that she was ready to promise anything
to her owner at the moment. Her ass hurt, but her pussy was wet and the cool
night air had made her nipples hard and pointed.

Pam stood up just as the two young men reached the woods. The saw the flash of
light just as Pam heard their sneakers crunch on some dried twigs and leaves.
The sound echoed loudly in Pam's ears and she quickly sat back down hard, trying
to hide the light. She was worried that it might be whoever was in the field.

Unfortunately, she sat down so hard that the short little purse light that Bess
had placed inside of her was jammed all the way in. Pam had actually sat hard on
an exposed tree root and the flashlight disappeared into her bowels, along with
some rough root bark.

Despite herself the invasion of her asshole caused Pam to groan slightly. But
when she heard the footfalls approaching she jumped up and tried to run. Looking
down she realized that the light was no longer shining between her legs. The
housewife assumed that the light had broken from her hard hit on the root.
Actually the light was still on but completely inside Pam's beautiful round ass.
What the housewife couldn't see was that the light was powerful enough to create
a red and pink glow between her buttocks. An erotic glow that the men could see
as she tried to move quietly through the trees back towards the car.

Pam cleared the trees and began running as quickly as her bound arms, bare feet
and stuffed rectum would allow. Her feet slipped on a patch of mud and she went
down hard, just as the men reached her. The housewife ended up on her back in
the mud, feet splayed and pink glow pointing the way to her pussy.

In moments the first man had pushed his shorts and jock down to his ankles. He
fell to his knees in the squishy mud, preparing to stick his hard cock into the
housewife.

"I've been waiting for this for a long time, you slut. After the way you teased
us at dinner the other night I have been dreaming about nailing your ass."

Pam, momentarily relieved that it was at least the men she knew, realized that
she was about to be "made love to." No she corrected herself, she was about to
be "fucked." She would be fucked in a public park while tied and humiliated. She
would be fucked while her husband slept in their marriage bed only a few blocks
away. She would be fucked. She knew it and her pussy knew it. Her pussy was wet,
ready and her legs involuntarily spread a little wider so the dark shape
kneeling above her could "fuck" her. Right here, right now, wallowing like a pig
in the mud.

The dark form pressed forward and the housewife could feel the spongy cock head
begin to split her vulva. The dark male shape was unrecognizable. It was a black
phantom above her. But it was a male phantom with a hard cock and the housewife
wrapped her muddy legs around its waist and drew it to her. She was penetrated
and it felt wonderful.

"Fuck me," the housewife whispered as the dark spirit above began to stoke
steadily into Pam Henderson. "Fuck me until I die!"

Fortunately for Pam, the mud that she was lying in also provided a cushion for
her arms, still tied behind her back. But she urged the dark shape on with her
heels. Both Pam and the man came quickly. For a moment Pam could see the stars
as the dark shape moved off of her. The late night sky was beautiful, Pam
thought, but then it was blotted out and the second dark shape descended onto
her. She happily tilted her pelvis to accept the second cock. This one was not
in such a hurry and Pam managed several orgasms before she felt the hot jism
spurt into her womb. "Yes, the sky was beautiful," Pam thought as the stars
reappeared and the warm liquid trickled out of her pussy into the mud.

The housewife was oblivious to Gerald arriving on the scene with two teenage
boys in tow. "I found them wandering around the park. I didn't know how much
they saw, so I figured that we could bribe them with our friend here."

"Good idea," the men agreed.

Gerald told the boys that they could have some fun with the naked woman if they
would keep their mouths shut about what they had seen. The hormonally driven
teenagers readily agreed. Even in the dark they could tell that it was a nice
body laying at their feet. They particularly enjoyed looking at the nice big set
of tits on whoever the woman was.

Gerald wanted his piece of ass first and like the two men who had already
mounted Pam, quickly knelt between her legs. His white ass rose and fell, urged
on by the kicking feet of Pam. The four males whispered among themselves, The
teenagers about their good fortune and the older men about what a slut the
housewife had become, "Fucking all comers in the mud, in the park."

Pam urged on the newest dark form as best she could with her bindings. She was
having continuous orgasms now. The combination of being tied, humiliated, and
the anonymous nature of the hard cocks pounding into her hit all her submissive
buttons. She wasn't even aware that her arms had fallen asleep or that a hard
plastic flashlight was embedded inside her asshole. All she felt was the
darkness around her and the constant stroking and friction of the fleshy tubes
running in and out of her engorged and over-stimulated cunt. Her pussy had taken
control.

The man above her added the third load of cum to her insatiable hole. The older
men pulled Pam to her feet. Her back and buttocks made a sucking sound as she
was pulled free from the mud that she had been driven into by the three phantoms
who had fucked her. They untied the straps from her arms. Then they pushed the
housewife to her knees and told the teenagers to take their cocks out of their
pants.

"Remember not a word about tonight to anyone! Have you boys ever had your cocks
sucked?"

The two embarrassed teenagers mumbled that they had not.

"Well you are about to have a treat, because this lady is a world class
cocksucker." All three men laughed as the first boy was pushed up to Pam. She
felt rather than saw the cock as it hit her on the nose, but she gamely used her
tingling hands to grasp the hard, smooth member and take it to her panting lips.
As her sweet mouth closed around the stalk the young man immediately emptied his
youthful balls into her mouth.

Pam was surprised at the flood of sweet tasting fluid and she greedily drank
down the jism.

"Oh shit," the boy exclaimed, embarrassed and frustrated by his inability to
control his orgasm. The premature ejaculation caused the older men to laugh. The
second boy pushed his friend aside and rocked his hips forward allowing the
housewife to capture his pulsating member between her lips. He lasted a bit
longer and Pam was able to set up a rhythm with her mouth and muddy hands. His
cum wasn't as sweet but he had such a great quantity of cum that Pam felt it
running out of her mouth, mixed with her own drool.

The five males stood around the kneeling housewife and pulled up and zipped
their pants.

"Hey slut, we are leaving but Bess said that she would come get you. You better
pull that flashlight out so she can find you."

With one more warning to the boys about keeping a secret all five males
disappeared into the darkness. As the shapes disappeared Pam heard one of the
boys say, "I'm pretty sure that was a lady from a house where I delivered a
pizza a few weeks ago. I wish I could remember which one... " The voices became
inaudible as they moved further away.

Pam was left kneeling in the mud hole. Trails of cum were running from her pussy
down her thighs. More cum collected at the corners of her mouth and on her chin.
The housewife felt her stomach flutter, "I am a slut," she thought. "And God
help me, I enjoyed every minute of it."

Pam used her muddy fingers to spread her buttocks and dig out the flashlight,
the mud on her hands mingling with the feces from her bowels. As Pam struggled
to her feet she heard Bess' voice. "Well Pet, you certainly are a mess. I don't
think I want you making my car dirty. It's about 3:00 AM, why don't you walk
home? I want you to call in sick in the morning. I'm sure you'll be too tired
for school. Get some sleep then come to my house about mid-morning, I want to
get ready for Bill being out of town. I think we need another night out and I'm
going to want you dressed for the occasion."

With that Bess jogged away. After a few minutes Pam heard a car start and then
the headlights flashed across the open field. The well- fucked, naked, muddy
housewife stood alone in the dark. "Yes, the stars are beautiful tonight," she
thought.

After Pam regained her composure she became frightened. She was blocks away from
home. As she finally left the park she ran from bush to bush. Diving in the
shadows. This was like the nightmare that everyone has about being left naked in
public. Pam was living the nightmare. Fortunately, only one car passed. It was a
newspaper delivery man. He was still half asleep and missed the flash of white
skin as Pam jumped into a bush, scratching her tender arms and legs on hard
twigs.

Pam made it to Bess' house and was disappointed to find all of her lights off.
She made her way to her own back yard. Bess was not asleep and smiled as her
'possession' walked between the yards. Bess watched Pam's progress from her
darkened window. "She is a mess," Bess thought to herself, "well tomorrow I'll
clean her up and make her an elegant slut."

Pam thought about hosing herself off in the back yard, but was concerned about
waking someone so she slipped into her house, pulled on her robe and cleaned her
face and hands in the kitchen sink. She would stay awake until the girls and
Bill left. Then she would call in sick, shower and get some sleep. As she dried
her hands at the sink a dollop of male jism dripped from her cunt and splashed
onto the clean kitchen floor.

Pam, despite feeling like a dirty worthless, slut, wondered silently what "Miss
Bess" had in store for her tomorrow. The thought made her cunt contract and more
cum dripped onto her kitchen floor. The floor where she would feed her family in
the morning... . before finding out what new depravity she had to look forward
to. And she realized that she was looking forward to it, whatever it was.





Acquisition 31/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter

After she fixed her family breakfast and kissed them goodbye at the front door,
Pam headed up to her bedroom to take a shower and grab a couple of hours of
sleep. She had already called the school director saying that she needed a "sick
day" due to a stomachache.

As the hot water washed the mud from her back and legs, Pam thought about the
anonymous cocks that had filled her pussy and mouth just a few hours earlier. It
had been so dark she hadn't been able to see the men attached to the hard
throbbing members. Just unknown penises spurting their cream into her. Pam
realized that she didn't care who was on the other end of those pleasure-giving
tubes of flesh. She just wanted more. She would tell 'Miss Bess' that today. She
was ready to experience all the things that she had denied herself for all of
these years. She pushed thoughts of Bill and her girls to the back of her mind
as her fingers played across her pussy. Her thighs quivered and stomach
fluttered as she began to strum her red clit. The housewife reached up and
turned the shower massage head onto pulse mode. Then she leaned back against the
wall of the shower and let the hot water pound in machine-gun spurts onto her
pussy, bringing her to a quick orgasm. Her ragged breath came in sharp gasps as
her quivering body slid down the side of the shower. As she sat under the water
and came back to consciousness, she looked down at her naked body. Her
red-tipped breasts were the first things she saw. "I am sexy," she thought as
her mind began to analyze her 'new' self.

"I am a sexual person," Pam thought, "In the past I felt as if my body was a
gift meant only for my husband. A gift I owed to my legally married spouse. But
he doesn't know how to use the gift. 'Miss Bess' has shown me that my body is a
wonderful thing, to be used and enjoyed. And I will use it however my owner
wants me too." The housewife had completely surrendered. Her neighbor had broken
the last barrier. Pam Henderson would willingly do whatever Bess wanted. And she
would enjoy it all. The training was complete! From shy, dowdy, conservative
housewife; to an owned possession- a slut, a fuck toy who men desired for her
body and wanton innocence- in 3 short months. A fuck toy that danced to the tune
of her sadistic and dominant neighbor.

Later that morning Pam was roused from a two-hour nap by the incessant ringing
of the bedside phone. She wondered why she awoke with her own finger in her
pussy. With her mind in the shadowy world between sleep and consciousness, she
realized that her dreams had been of countless cocks fucking her, one after
another.

"Hello," the housewife slurred after picking up the ringing phone. Her head was
still partially back in the dream with a multitude of spurting cocks.

"Pet, get up and get your ass over here. NOW!" The line went dead.

Pam felt a shudder run through her and she became instantly awake. "'Miss Bess'
must have something wonderful planned today," Pam thought as she pulled on
shorts and a tee- shirt for the short walk across the yards. The housewife
didn't bother with a bra, panties or shoes. She would be taking it all off in a
few moments anyway.

Walking out of her back door, Pam enjoyed the feel of her bouncing tits under
the rough material of the tee shirt. Her nipples were hard and made little
points in the fabric. Not surprisingly, Mr. Odom and the other old men were
working around Bess' house in the garden. "With all the yard work the men had
done at Bess' house over the past few days, Bess would probably win "Yard of the
Month", in the subdivision," Pam wryly thought. When the old men saw Mrs.
Henderson approaching, they wasted no time scampering to the privacy enclosure.
They didn't want to miss seeing their voluptuous neighbor naked.

"Hello, Mrs. Henderson," Clyde Odom sneered in his raspy superior voice. "Taking
a day off from the kiddies?"

The presence of the men no longer bothered Pam. In fact with her new attitude,
she would be happy to display herself for them. "Give the old goats big
hardons," Pam thought, "It would serve them right."

"Well, I see that you men are working hard."

"You bet, I'll trim a bush any time I can get to look at yours. Let's see your
goodies."

Pam thought to herself, "Miss Bess is right, men would do anything for a little
pussy."

"OK boys, time to see what you have been working for," Pam laughed and, grasping
the bottom of her tee shirt with both hands, pulled it up and over her head in a
fluid motion. Her breasts, now unconfined, bounded and swung enticingly for the
men. Getting into the exhibitionism of the moment, Pam even shook her shoulders,
purposefully causing her beautiful mature tits to jiggle and bounce against each
other. Then the housewife laced her hands in front of her body, squeezing her
breasts together and creating a deep, exciting cleavage. The housewife was
learning very quickly how to use her assets to their fullest.

"Shit, would you look at that!" one of the old men exclaimed.

Pam giggled, "Want to see more, boys?"

A chorus of "Yeah, take it off. Let's see your ass." immediately erupted from
the old men.

Pam turned sideways, displaying her shapely profile to the men. Her breasts had
very little sag as a result of Bess' workouts. In fact, it was the large mass of
Pam's tit flesh that caused gravity to pull them down rather than looseness or
weakness. Her stomach was now flat with only the hint of roundness below her
navel. Pam slowly bent at the waist. She was now in the classic pin-up pose.
Pam's calves and the back of her thighs were pulled tight. With her torso
parallel to the concrete patio the housewife's red tipped tits hung towards the
ground, full, round and beautiful. Pam placed her hands on the elastic waistband
of her shorts and began wiggling her hips and pushing the shorts over her
flaring hips. Her legs pumped, ass churned and tits swung. Teasingly her ass and
pussy came into view.

Clyde Odom came in his pants.

Bess watched the show from the back door. "Christ," she thought, "Pam makes me
want to fuck her." Bess smiled, "This is even more than I hoped for."

Bess picked up the dildo and K-Y jelly from the hall table and walked out the
door onto the patio steps. "Pet, it looks like you have lost your shyness, so
hop up on the picnic table and really give them a show." Pam was startled at the
new voice- along with the men, who were completely engrossed by the now
completely naked housewife. They looked up and saw Bess, with a cruel smile on
her face, stepping onto the patio.

Bess walked over to the table and placed 'Mr. Friendly' and the jelly on the
closest corner. Pam blushed and the men stood with their mouths open. But the
housewife didn't hesitate. Without saying a word, Pam crawled up onto the table,
flashing her ass at the men before sitting cross-legged in the middle of the
table top.

Bess and the men crowded around the table. They all could see the wetness
forming in the crease of Pam's genitals. "Boys, Mrs. Henderson has become one
hot little slut! Haven't you Pet?"

With her eyes downcast, but without reservation Pam replied "Yes, Miss Bess."

"Fuck yourself, Pet. Fuck yourself for these men."

And she did!

The dildo was quickly smeared with clear lubricant and its rubber tip nestled
between the outer folds of Pam's cunt. The housewife laid back on the table and
allowed her legs to fall off each side. She was spread open for her audience.
Pam looked up at the blue morning sky, she felt no shame or fear, she only felt
the desire to please Bess and fill her cunt until she had a glorious orgasm. The
presence of the men and being outside in the bright morning sunlight didn't
matter. Surprisingly, the audience made her pleasure even greater. Pam pursed
her lips and hissed "AHHHH" as she slid the fake phallus deep into herself. It
fairly leapt into her accommodating pussy.

Pam stroked lazily in and out with the dildo, her delicate hand gripping the
blunt end firmly. As her vagina became used to the movement and the friction on
her fuck channel walls built, she began to thrust more rapidly with deeper
strokes.

"Jeez, look at her go!"

"God, she's doing it! She's fucking herself."

The men crowded around the spread legs of the housewife, their heads inching
forward, so close that Pam could feel their ragged breath on her thighs and
closely cropped pubic hair.

As she built towards an orgasm, she began pumping her hips off the table to meet
every thrust of the cock. The men had all fished their cocks out of their pants
and were stroking their ancient cocks in time with the masturbating housewife.

Pam thrust her hips one last time. Her hands fell to her sides grabbing the edge
of the table, her ass completely off the table, the dildo three fourths buried
in her sweet pussy.

Pam screamed out her orgasm while weak pulses of cum dripped from the men's
cocks onto the patio.

"I ain't never been so close to a fine looking bitch like this playing with
herself," one of the men exclaimed.

Bess smiled and helped a recovering Pam off the table. She withdrew the dildo
and with her arm around her Pet, led her into the house.

Bess tossed a comment back over her shoulder to the men, "Put your pricks back
in your pants and finish up my gardens. And don't forget to clean up the mess
you made on the patio." Then the two women disappeared into the house, leaving a
grinning trio of old men to their work.

Forty-five minutes later Pam was dressed in one of her short skirts and white
blouse, with high heels and a ring that said "Pet" on her finger. Nothing more.
The two women were walking into the shopping mall. "We need to get you something
for a party on Friday night," Bess explained. "Bill will be out of town, right?"

"Yes Miss Bess."

"Good, I want to show off my Pet."

Pam's stomach did flip-flops and her groin tightened; she couldn't wait until
Friday. But she knew better than to ask Bess about the party. Bess would tell
her when she was ready. Pam knew that Bess liked to tease her 'Pet'. "This
teasing is worse than being spanked with the paddle," Pam thought. "Actually, I
like the paddle," Pam thought with a small grin.

As Bess steered Pam into an elegant dress shop she asked, "Have you been taking
your birth control pills and vitamins?"

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"Following your diet?"

"Yes, Miss Bess"

"Good, what is your current dress size?"

"8 to 10, Miss Bess."

"Well I think you can squeeze into an 8,and in a couple of more weeks you might
make a 6-8."

"Miss Bess, it's my chest...I mean my tits ... and my hips."

"Well I don't mind big tits and big hips as long as your stomach and ass aren't
fat."

"Yes Miss Bess, I'll work harder on that."

"Good, now lets find you a sexy elegant dress."

An hour later with a dress bag in-hand the two women entered a shoe store.

Bess hadn't been able to expose Bess at the dress store, but as a handsome young
shoe clerk ushered the women to a group of chairs, she decided to have some fun.

"Young man, we want some high heels to match this dress," Bess said, opening the
bag and showing him the dark blue material.

"I think I have something," he replied with a dazzling smile.

"Not for me, for her," Bess said. "And you better measure her feet, she has lost
some weight lately and her size may have changed."

Pam blushed at Bess' comment. The young clerk with the name tag "Lance" on his
shirt settled in front of Pam on a low stool and gently took hold of her right
foot.

"Lance?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Doesn't she have beautiful feet?"

"Why yes, she does."

"How old are you, Lance?"

"Why, I'm 24. I hope to be store manager in a few years."

"Such a nice young man. You must be aggressive, a real go-getter to be
management material at such a young age."

"Yes ma'am. I won't let anything stand in my way."

"Lance, look at my friend's legs. Aren't they nice as well?"

"Yes, beautiful," and the young man ran his hand onto Pam's ankle and lower
calf.

Pam's breath was coming in short bursts. She tried to hide her growing
excitement.

Lance finally let go of Pam's lower leg and took her foot measurement.

"Let me see what I can find in a 9b midnight blue."

"Good Lance, you do that. We'll just sit here and watch you," Bess drawled with
emphasis on 'watch'.

As Lance turned away Bess leaned over and whispered in Pam's ear, "Pet, such a
handsome young man, I'll bet he has a nice big strong cock. Let's find out, OK?"

Pam gasped, but felt her nipples harden making points on her shirt.

"Miss Bess, I bring the girls to this shoe store."

"Pet, that's OK. Think of the great service and discounts you'll get when Lance
becomes manager. Just do what I say. UNDERSTAND!"

"Yes, Miss Bess."

Bess reached over and folded Pam's short skirt back on itself exposing most of
the housewife's thighs. Pam had kept her legs locked together since she wasn't
wearing panties, but Bess wormed her hand between Pam's knees, separating them
about an inch. Pam continued to squeeze her legs together until Bess said,
"Leave your legs that far apart, he won't be able to see much."

Bess removed her hand and glanced around the empty store. She spied Lance
returning with three shoe boxes.

Pam looked at the floor, hard nipples and a rapidly moistening pussy belied her
embarrassment.

Lance entered her vision and sat, placing the shoeboxes next to Pam.

"Lance, I'll bet you didn't know that my friend is 38 years old. She could
almost be your mother. Have you seen nicer looking legs on anybody's mother?"

Lance visibly gulped, "No, these legs are nicer than most of the young women I
date."

Pam couldn't help but feel a burst of pride. Bess, never wanting to miss an
opportunity added, "Did you hear that? I told you that you had great legs! Let's
make sure we have the right shoes to show them off. Lance, lets try the first
pair. Please put them on for her."

Lance was only too happy to get a chance to hold Pam's skin in his hands again.
Gently lifting her leg with his hand under her calf he opened the first shoe box
and pulled out a blue pump with a moderate heel. As he lifted the leg further to
place the foot into the shoe, he swore that he could catch a brief glimpse of
skin at the woman's crotch.

Bess leaned forward and, placing her hand on Pam's other knee, said, "Oh No,
Lance. That shoe is something that an old lady would wear. We need more heel and
an open shoe with only straps holding it on." As Bess rocked back into her seat
she pulled on Pam's knee, widening the distance between the housewife's legs.

Now Lance was sure that he could see the flesh between the woman's legs. She
wasn't wearing any panties. Lance had been flashed before while waiting on a
customer. But always in the past it was a quick glimpse, and never by a
beautiful blond like this lady. Usually it was some old fat broad or skinny
pimple-faced teenager. And this was not a quick glimpse, he was staring right
between the legs of this lady and there was no attempt to hide herself. From
where he sat this was one fine looking pussy staring him in the face.

He opened the next box and pulled out another shoe. This had a higher heel, but
was still an enclosed shoe. He slipped it on the foot in front of him and
noticed that the shapely leg was trembling slightly.

"I can't see the shoes well enough," Bess exclaimed, "Your skirt is in the way."
That could hardly be the truth, Pam's skirt was already above mid thigh. But
Bess had her excuse. She reached over into Pam's lap and simply pulled the hem
of the skirt all the way up to her Pet's waist. The housewife was fully exposed.
Pam trembled and closed her eyes. The young man's mouth hung open as he stared
at the pussy that was now revealed in the garish fluorescent light of the store.
Bess gave both Pam and Lance a change to catch their breaths then leaning
forward again she placed a hand on each of Pam's thighs. Bess couldn't believe
how hot the flesh beneath her fingers was. Tiring of the game Bess simply pried
Pam's legs apart opening the housewife's cunt to the view of anyone who happened
to walk past. Lance could now see not only the triangle of pubic hair but also
Pam's inner pussy lips that were engorged and poking out of her clam shaped
outer labia. The red bud clit was also peeking into view.

Bess leaned forward and whispered, "Nice pussy, huh Lance?"

Both Pam and Lance groaned.

"Those shoes still aren't good enough. Do better, Lance, and you'll get a
special treat," Bess teased.

Lance's hands visibly shook as he removed the shoe. He had difficulty getting
the last box open. He slipped it on Pam's foot. It was open toed with straps
that need to be buckled. He did so with trembling fingers, his eyes unable to
look away from the pulsing pussy, scant inches from his face.

As he finished with the buckle Bess leaned forward once again and placed her
hand over the young man's. Slowly she drew his hand up Pam's leg... to her
knee... to mid thigh. Then she slowly guided the hand to Pam's inner thigh and
up a few more inches so Lance's finger tips were almost touching the tender
mound of flesh between Pam's legs.

"Isn't it nice having a handsome stranger touching you, Pet?"

"Yes, Miss Bess," was the hissed reply.

Bess leaned over and, without disturbing the tableau, whispered something in
Pam's ear so Lance couldn't hear. Then she leaned back and smiled an evil
grin... Waiting.

Struggling to get the words out. Pam spoke in a soft voice. "If you unzip your
pants and show us your cock... you can put your finger inside of me."

Bess giggled as Lance's face reddened. But he quickly glanced around the store
to see if any other customers had entered. The store was empty. Traffic in the
store didn't pick up until noon and they were seated at the back of the store
facing away from the door. Several rows of chairs and a shoe display were
between them and the wide open mall storefront. An occasional shopper passed the
opening.

"Go on, Lance, don't you want to feel her beautiful pussy? I can promise you
it's real wet and warm, just show us your cock. I'm sure it's nice and hard
after looking at her cunt. Go on, unzip. Let us see what you are packing."

Lance glanced around, assessing the danger. Seeing none and wanting to feel this
beautiful older lady's pussy, he used his free hand to struggle with the zipper.
But he did have a hard-on, and sitting on the low stool made it impossible to
get the zipper down. Finally he muttered "what the hell," and slipped off the
stool onto his knees. Kneeling, he was still hidden behind the chairs but now he
could straighten out his zipper and get it down. The sound of the zipper teeth
made an audible sound in the quiet store. The only other noise was Pam's and
Lance's heavy breathing. There was the occasional noise from the mall. A child
crying or shopper hurrying past, but that only made the situation more exciting
for Bess.

Lance reached into his open fly and struggled to get his hard cock out of his
underpants and through the opening. He finally managed it and with pride he let
go of the hard flesh, feeling the cool store air blow across his penis.

"Oh my, Lance. That sure is a nice one. So long and hard," praised Bess. "Tell
him how nice his cock is, Pet."

"You have a nice cock," Pam mumbled, her pussy now wet from shame, excitement
and- upon seeing the cock- lust.

"OK Lance, you did your part, slip a finger or two into her. In fact, if you go
nice and slow you can probably get three or four fingers into that wet cunt. Go
on give it a try."

Pam closed her eyes and waited. "I'm so wet," the housewife thought, "I hope he
is gentle and I can cum."

Bess, reading Pam's mind, said, "Pet, no orgasms until I tell you, UNDERSTAND?"

Lance's index finger ran between her puffy labia.

"Yesssss, Missss Besssss," Pam hissed, and she slid down in the leather chair at
just the right time to capture the young stranger's finger in her cunt up to the
second knuckle.

Lance, surprised by her movement, began to slowly worm his finger in and out.
His cock was getting even harder if that was possible.

He was surprised when the skinny lady reached down and hefted his cock. Her hand
was cool and hard as it squeezed his hot member.

Lance looked around the store once more then placed his middle finger next to
his index and pushed both into the very wet cunt.

Sliding down on the chair had caused the back of Pam's skirt to ride up past her
ass. The housewife was completely naked from the waist down, except for one
shoe.

"Try three fingers Lance," Bess suggested as she began to pull firmly on the
hard cock in her hand.

Pam moaned and Lance obediently made a triangle with his index, middle and ring
finger. The three digits easily slid back into Pam.

"You're such a slut, Pet, your pussy is sweet, but with all the recent activity
you must be as loose as a $20 whore. Go ahead, put your pinky in her too,
Lance." Bess squeezed hard on his cock, making him gasp.

Lance folded the four fingers together and found that he could get all the
fingers in. The tight ring of her cunt prevented his hand slipping in past his
knuckles, but his thumb was now bumping against Pam's clit. Lance's hand was
soaked with Pam's juice.

"Don't cum until I tell you, Pet."

Pam's breath came in loud gasps and her hips were thrusting up off the chair.

Bess reached over and pulled Lance's hand from Pam's pussy. The housewife let
out a plaintive cry of protest. "Nooooo, Please, I...."

Bess stood up, and since she had a firm grasp on Lance's throbbing member he was
forced to rise with her.

"Shut her up, Lance," and Bess pulled Lance by the cock next to Pam's head. She
grabbed Pam's nose between the fingers of her free hand and guided the cock to
Pam's open gasping mouth. Pam continued to moan loudly.

"Stick your cock in her mouth and shut her up." Lance didn't even care about who
might come into the store. He grabbed a handful of blonde hair and thrust
himself into the open mouth of the beautiful middle-aged lady.

Pam did what she had been trained to do. Despite the need for her own orgasm she
began to suck the strange cock, using all the tricks that she had been taught.

Bess stood back and watched the scene. She laughed to herself, "Pam will do
whatever I want now. I think it's time I teach her how to lick pussy. She will
hate it, but having her eat me will be the final act of her subservience.
Besides, I can never get men to go down on me, Pam will be a good substitute."

Bess noticed that Lance's thrusts into Pam's mouth were becoming more frantic
and she saw his ass tighten. "He's about to cum," she thought.

"Swallow his sperm, Pet."

Hearing that, Lance went over the edge and began pumping jet after jet of
youthful jism in the greedily sucking mouth. When Bess saw that Lance had
finished dropping his load into the willing mouth of her neighbor she said, "Cum
Pet, Cum for me NOW!"

Pam came! Yes she did! With nothing in her cunt, with no stimulation except the
softening cock in her mouth, Pam had a blinding orgasm. Simply because she had
been toyed with and shamed. Simply because Bess had ordered it. Simply because
the housewife needed it.

Both Pam and Lance stood still, recovering. Lance's soft cock slipped from Pam's
mouth with a pop. He stood with his pink worm hanging out of his trousers. Pam
sat, skirt around her waist, a wet spot on her blouse where a drop of jism had
escaped her mouth. Both were breathing hard.

The automatic door bell bonged, announcing the arrival of a fat woman with three
toddlers in tow.





Acquisition 32/38 (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter

Pam and Bess escaped the shoe store, leaving poor Lance breathing hard and
struggling to get his prick back into his pants. Bess simply picked up the last
pair of shoes Pam had tried on and carried them out of the store. As she waved
at a flustered Lance, indicating that she was simply taking the shoes with her,
she turned to look at a flushed Pam who was hurrying away from her embarrassment
as quickly as possible. Bess laughed out loud when she noticed that Pam's short
skirt was still creased and bunched at the back because of sliding down and
sitting on it when Lance fingered her. The twin bottom halves of her ass were
still exposed as the housewife hurried down the mall corridor. Pam was so
flustered that she didn't realize her exposure. Several men gawked at her but
Pam was oblivious and only wanted to get away.

Bess laughed again, loudly. The laughter finally made Pam stop and wait for her
owner to catch up.

"Miss Bess, what is so funny?"

Bess didn't want to let Pam in on the secret of her inadvertent flashing. She
rather enjoyed Pam unknowingly "mooning" the entire mall. As an excuse Bess
replied happily "See Pet, a two minute blow job and you have yourself a..." Bess
checked the tag on the high heeled shoes,"...a... $59 pair of sexy shoes. Not
bad for playing with a handsome man. And letting him play with you! I think you
rather enjoyed it, anyway."

Pam didn't reply but hung her head and continued hurrying out of the mall. Her
jiggling ass flesh attracted comments and stares all the way down the long,
store-lined hallway.

Once back at Bess', with the dress and shoes put away in 'Pam's room', the two
women stripped and had time for a workout prior to picking up Pam's kids from
school. During the workout Bess made sure to rub her hairy pussy on Pam's legs
and arms. She also kept her ass and crotch in Pam's face as much as possible. Of
course this activity was disguised as helping Pam with exercise form or adding
weight to the equipment. But by the time the one-hour workout was over, Pam had
spent the majority of the time with the pungent odor of Bess' cunt in her face.

The women showered together. Bess made extra efforts to stroke and excite Pam as
they soaped, rinsed and dried each other. Finally, looking at the clock and
seeing that there was still almost an hour before they had to pick up the girls,
Bess flopped back on her bed and called the now horny housewife to come and sit
with her. Pam hung up the towel she was using to dry her hair and settled onto
the bed next to her owner. Bess shifted her position and spread her legs widely.

"Pet, you look beautiful because of me. I know that you are happy and fulfilled.
I have taken the time to teach you to be very sexy. In short, you owe everything
to me. We give each other a lot of pleasure with 'Mr. Friendly', but I want more
from you and frankly, you owe me. But most important, you want to please me-
don't you, Pet?"

Not knowing where the one-sided conversation was going, the housewife eagerly
responded, "Yes Miss Bess, I want to please you. What can I do?"

Not wanting push Pam too fast, Bess said, "Please get the dildo and I'll show
you."

Pam bounded off the bed and ran to her room. Bess enjoyed watching the big red
tipped tits bounce as her neighbor ran. Bess frowned as Pam re-entered the room.
"Her nipples are fading or at least getting darker. I'll need to give her
another dye job," Bess thought, "Maybe I can expand on it this time." This
thought made Bess smile. Pam was back moments later holding the rubber cock
almost reverently and she smiled happily back at the grinning and plotting Bess.
Pam also carried the tube of lubricant.

The housewife sat back on the bed, this time between Bess' outstretched legs.
Bess had shifted her position, making between her legs the only place Pam could
sit. "You won't need the K-Y Jelly Pet, I have something else in mind."

Pam looked quizzically at the smiling younger woman, Bess was always very
careful to heavily lube the dildo or anything else the two women stuck in their
cunts or assholes.

"I don't understand, Miss Bess."

"I want you to moisten the dildo with your mouth, Pet, then gently use it on
me."

Pam smiled, she had the chance to give Bess an orgasm with 'Mr. Friendly', and
that always made her feel like she was giving something to her neighbor.

Pam took the tip of the rubber cock into her mouth and made sure to cover it
well with her saliva.

"You like sucking cock, don't you Pet"

"Ummm"

"Yes, you're a natural cock sucker Pet. Did Lance at the shoe store have good
tasting cum?"

"Ummmm"

"Yeah a young virile boy like that, I'll bet a cock sucking slut like you would
like to drink cum all day wouldn't you."

Pam was squirming on the bed now as Bess' name calling caused her to close her
eyes and think about the salty taste of the jism she had swallowed earlier in
the day.

Pam pulled the dildo from her mouth and hissed, "God yesssss, I love to suck
cock, I wish I had one right now to suck and make squirt."

Bess laughed, "I'll bet you do Pet. But right now I want you to use your hand to
gently open my pussy and slowly slip the dildo into me. After all, I deserve
some fun too."

Pam leaned down, her face only a foot from Bess' groin and brushed the heavy
public hair away from her neighbor's skinny slit.

"You know how little I am Pet, be gentle."

"Yes, Miss Bess."

Pam gently separated the tight, thin labia and located the small opening of her
neighbor's vagina. Placing the spit moistened rounded end of "Mr. Friendly" on
the exposed pink flesh Pam pressured the blunt end into the opening a fraction
of an inch."

"AHHHH," Bess moaned. "That's it, go nice and slow Pet."

After a few minutes of gentle pressure Pam had worked about three inches of
rubber into Bess.

"Pet the sides of the dildo feel a little dry, lick around the sides to wet it
more."

Pam leaned forward and realized that her tongue would probably come in contact
with Bess' pussy as she licked the sides of the dildo. The housewife stopped.
She had told Bess how she felt about this, she wasn't a lesbian after all.

"Pet, you owe me, now lick the dildo."

Still no reaction from the hesitant Pam.

"Do it now, OR ELSE!"

Bess' tone broke Pam's reservation and wanting to comply with her owner's wishes
the housewife leaned forward and began to run her small pink tongue around the
cylinder. She tried to avoid touching Bess's pussy but occasionally her tongue
touched the ring of labia that clung to the sides of the rubber. Bess rocked her
pelvis in mock sexual pleasure and managed to push her hairy vulva against Pam's
face.

"OHH, that's nice Pet. Do that some more."

Now Pam's nose was buried in the skinny athlete's pubic hair. She tried to keep
her tongue on the dildo but Bess reached down and grabbed Pam's head, humping
her groin into the housewife's face.

"See Pet, don't I taste good? This really gives me pleasure, keep licking."

Pam was mortified at the position that Bess had manipulated her into once again,
but here she was with her face buried between a woman's legs and this was what
Bess wanted. She tried to lick only the dildo but pussy flesh enveloped her
face. Plus her own cunt was wet and the stimulation of the day had her on the
edge.

Bess used one hand to hold Pam's head against her groin. With her other hand she
reached between her legs and with some effort managed to pull the dildo out and
past Pam's head. Then she forced the dyed blonde head back between her legs and
squeezed her thighs, imprisoning the pretty face of the wife and mother in her
pubic hair.

"Lick me Pet." Pam tried to pull back. Bess squeezed her strong legs harder,
"You owe me. Do what I tell you. EAT ME YOU SLUT!"

Pam gave up and allowed her face to smash against Bess' cunt. She tentatively
licked the soft flesh.

"That's right Pet, eating pussy is even easier that sucking cock. Now stick that
tongue in me as deep as you can. I want to feel you licking my insides."

Over the next 10 minutes the completely surrendered housewife learned how, where
and when to suck, nibble, lick and eat the cunt that at this moment was the only
thing she could see or feel. But she learned her lesson well and was rewarded
with the tangy taste of female ejaculate and a face covered with the shiny
juices of the person she had given herself to, body and soul.

Pam now knew that whenever Bess asked, she would open her legs, mouth and body
to whomever Bess wanted. And the knowledge that she was so controlled, owned
made her feel complete and safe. She was free to be a receptacle to whomever
Bess wanted. Not only a receptacle of cum and sex play, but of slavish devotion
and total control.

The remainder of the week went routinely for Pam, if you could call letting
three old men masturbate over your naked body while lying on a concrete patio,
and eating Bess' pussy until your jaw was aching as routine. But of course for
Pam this was her routine. She was a plaything for Bess. She had gotten good at
thrusting her tongue into Bess' sex channel and sucking the nub of a clit
between her lips. Bess absolutely lost control and went over the edge when she
had her Pet quickly flick her tongue over her clit, then lick in broad stokes
the length of her pussy, while ordering Pam to insert a finger deep into her
asshole.

The Ben Wa balls and anal plug had also reappeared and Pam enjoyed the feeling
of fullness and the non stop stimulation they provided 24 hours a day. Pam had
resorted to getting up during the night and playing with herself in the
bathroom, then masturbating again after her family had left in the morning. Pam
even found herself absent-mindedly rubbing her crotch and breasts as she drove
around town during the day. Thoughts of sex were her constant companion now.

The basement exercise workouts continued and Bess even savagely fucked Pam in
her private room with the strap-on cock one afternoon. It seems the more brutal
Bess was ramming the dildo into the helpless housewife the more she responded.

Bess arranged an overnight sitter for the girls. And the two neighbors made
plans for a 'girls night out' on the evening Bill would be on his business trip.

The morning of his trip Bill kissed Pam goodbye, suitcase in hand. He would be
leaving directly from his office after lunch and not return for two days. Bess
had arranged for the sitter to pick up Pam's girls after school and stay with
them until the next afternoon. Pam checked the refrigerator one last time. She
made sure that all of the food that Bess had ordered her to have for the girls
was there. She left the house and went to work. After work she knew that she was
to report immediately to Bess' house to "prepare for the evening", as Bess
called it.

*****

Pam rushed home from school. After dropping her school bag, she immediately ran
across the yards to Bess' house. She didn't need to take any personal items with
her. She had a set of hygiene products in Bess' spare bath and of course plenty
of clothes. However, the clothes at Bess' were not at all like the ones in the
closet she shared with her husband.

She knew that Bess had something special planned for the evening and she
couldn't wait to get dressed in her new gown and shoes. She loved the idea of
transforming herself into the beautiful elegant woman that Bess had helped her
become. Not the mundane, boring housewife, mother and teacher the rest of the
world saw in her. Her stomach was fluttering excitedly at the prospect of a
"night out" with Bess.

The ever present Mr. Odom was standing in his own backyard and scurried over to
the fenced enclosure when he saw Pam literally skipping across the grass.

"Hello, Mrs. Henderson," he called out, "What's going on today?"

"Miss Bess and I have plans today, Mr. Odom."

"I'll bet you do. I saw your husband leave this morning with a suitcase. Will he
be out of town long?" Pam didn't respond. Odom continued, "If he just knew how
his wife behaved while he was away... but I guess what he doesn't know won't
hurt him, huh?"

Pam felt a small stab of guilt. She had been deceiving Bill so much lately. But
the guilt was replaced by anger at Mr. Odom. "Don't you have anything better to
do than spy on people?" Pam responded with a flash of fire in her voice.

Odom didn't answer right away. He simply gave Pam an evil smile and watched as
she began to unbutton her dress. "She looks beautiful with her face flushed," he
thought to himself.

"Someday you will thank me, Mrs. Henderson. Not only for keeping your secret,
but for being an observant neighbor."

The dress was on the hook and Odom's eyes sparkled in anticipation as Pam
reached behind her back to unclasp her bra. She had found that she couldn't go
without underclothes at school and Bess had relented and allowed her to start
wearing panties and a bra to school. Being naked under her dresses just wasn't
practical when working with preschoolers, with their little hands always
grabbing at you. But of course with the Ben Wa balls and butt plug in place, Pam
still had constant sexual stimulation even when she worked.

Pam huffed as her tits were exposed to the gawking gray-haired pervert.

"Where are your fellow dirty old men, Mr. Odom? Have they gotten bored looking
at me naked?"

"We never get tired of looking or playing, Mrs. Henderson. They are both busy
today at a civil service retirement luncheon. They both worked for the city, you
know. But they will be here tomorrow. I hope Bess lets us play some cards
tomorrow, maybe you would be willing to sweeten the pot?" Under his breath, Odom
made an additional silly comment about her 'sweet honey pot'. Pam let the
comment pass and hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her panties.

"Well, go ahead and get your jollys now, Mr. Odom. I think I'll be busy
tomorrow." With a flourish, the housewife pushed her panties to her feet.

Odom enjoyed the way her breasts hung and swung as she bent, as much as seeing
her neatly trimmed bush come into view. The sight of this luscious housewife
never failed to stir his wizened prick. He smiled to himself. Life was funny,
standing outside looking at this beautiful naked woman was a whole lot better
than sitting inside listening to his hag of a wife bitch at him. Odom sighed.
Mrs. Henderson didn't realize that she had become the most important thing in
his boring life. Despite the way they gave each other a hard time, Odom would
not ever jeopardize these opportunities to enjoy looking, touching and being
with the housewife. Whatever her reason for doing this, she was the most
exciting person in Clyde's life. He would take care of Pam as best he could. He
didn't want to spend the rest of his days until he died having the harpy that
lived with him as his only female companionship.

The back door banged open as Pam and Odom stared hard at each other. Odom
smiling wickedly and Pam, hands on her hips, looked back defiantly, even as she
thrust her tits towards the old man.

"Pet, get in here, we have work to do." Turning to Mr. Odom, Bess said, "Sorry
Clyde, no time for fun and games today. Maybe sometime later this weekend." Pam
gave Clyde a satisfied smile as if to say, "See, my Miss Bess will put you in
your place." Then she flounced up the stairs giving the old man a view of her
exaggerated ass swing.

As the two women disappeared inside, Clyde thought to himself, "That's OK, Mrs.
Henderson. I don't mind you acting smug, as long as you keep giving me great ass
shots like that."

Inside the house, Bess said, "Well Pet, we have a lot of work to do before we go
out tonight. First let's head to your room; I have some sewing that I want you
to do. Then a good hot bath before we go to the beauty salon for a nice
makeover."

The two women walked up the stairs. Bess first, clothed in shorts and tee-shirt,
with the naked housewife following like a little puppy, the Ben Wa balls rolling
easily in her now greasy cunt. Stripping in front of that nasty old man always
made her wet, although Pam didn't really understand why.

Bess had Pam's new evening dress laid out on the bed along with scissors, a box
of straight pins, sewing needle and a small spool of thread that matched the
dress. Pointing to the items, Bess spoke in a matter-of-fact tone. "We need to
make just a few alterations to your dress, Pet. I'll show you where, then you-
you're so talented with little domestic chores like this- you can do the
sewing."

Pam gulped, she thought that the dress had looked beautiful on her in the store,
but she knew better than to argue. She simply responded, "Yes, Miss Bess."

Bess quickly placed pins on the neckline and back of the dress. Then she took
the scissors and, finding the slit in the side of the dress, proceeded to extend
the opening. It seemed to Pam that Bess had made a rather long cut, but without
trying it on there would be no way to tell. In the store, the ankle-length dress
had opened to just below the knee. The cut that Bess had made would open the
side of the dress to at least mid-thigh, maybe higher. Pam gulped again.

"Pet, you make the necessary cuts to move the neck and back line to where I
placed the pins. Then hem the rough edges. Don't forget the leg opening I just
cut as well. I want you to do a good job. After all, I don't want to be seen in
public with you if you have any loose threads hanging."

Bess left the room, saying, "I'll be back in a few minutes. I have an errand to
run." As Pam worked on the dress, she heard Bess' car start, then pull out of
the driveway. Pam worked intently and was soon engrossed in sewing the silky
material. She had to be careful, working with this fine silk material was not
like sewing the girls' cotton dresses or patching Bill's work pants.

She was just finishing up the dress when she heard Bess' car return. "Damn," Pam
thought to herself, "I had hoped to try on the dress before Bess got back." She
had the feeling that Bess wouldn't let her put on the dress until it was too
late to make any further alterations. She was unsure how the neckline would look
on her without adjusting the spaghetti thin shoulder straps.

"Pet, Pet," Bess called from downstairs, "Come down to the basement. I have
something I want to do and I don't want to chance making a mess upstairs."

Pam laid the dress on the bed and headed down. She found Bess waiting in the
basement with a small bag.

"Pet, lay back on the weight lifting bench. I need to touch you up."

Pam immediately complied, but asked, "What do you mean 'touch me up', Miss
Bess?"

"I noticed that your nipples were getting a little dark. I thought that the dye
would last longer, but maybe your tits have just been getting too much of a
workout lately." Bess laughed at her own joke and Pam blushed. "Anyway, I don't
want them to become the ugly brown like they used to be. You like your pretty
red nipples, don't you?"

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"God! I'm getting sick of 'Yes Miss Bess, Yes Miss Bess'," an exasperated Bess
griped, "Why don't you get creative, say something like 'please Miss Bess make
my nipples big and red so everyone can enjoy them'."

"Yes, Miss Bess..."

"You stupid cunt, all you are good for is to follow orders and look like a sex
toy. I own you Pet, but for God's sake, make it a little interesting for me!"

Bess' tirade had reduced Pam to tears. "I'm sorry... I try to do everything you
want...I...I..."

Bess stood over the naked quivering flesh and felt a moment of sympathy for her
neighbor. She placed her arm around Pam's sobbing shoulders. "That's all right,
Pet. I need to remember that you really aren't capable of doing much unless I
instruct you. I just get tired sometimes, having to think for both of us. Stop
crying, I love you Pet. Just lay back and let me make you even more beautiful."

The tears stopped and Pam smiled lovingly at Bess as she laid back, opening her
body to her younger neighbor.

Bess smiled back reassuringly and thought, "Jesus, it's like the more I take
control the dumber she gets. Well, I guess I'll make her a fucking idiot then."
Bess laughed out loud at her own joke, "A fucking idiot," she mused. To reassure
Pam, she said in a calm but authoritative voice, "There now Pet, you just do as
I ask and everything will be all right. I'll take care of you like always. You
just keep making me happy."

"Yes, Miss Bess."

Bess rolled her eyes. She had to remind herself that Pam was her creation. Bess
also realized that part of her short fuse was probably anxiety about the night
that she had planned for the two of them.

Bess took out the jar of carpet dye that she had used on Pam before and a small
art paint brush. She leaned over Pam and carefully applied the bright red dye to
Pam's nipples.

"I thought this would be better than the nipple dip I did last time. Just don't
move or wiggle your boobs; the dye has to stay there for a few minutes."

"Miss Bess, it burns something awful."

"Don't you dare move, Pet, or we will stay home tonight and I'll spend the
evening paddling your ass so hard you won't be able to sit for a week."

Pam gritted her teeth against the burning on her tits. "God," she thought to
herself, "this is torture." It was a form a torture, and like most of the
torture Pam had endured recently she couldn't understand why the pain on her
nipples caused her pussy to get wet.

Bess knelt down between Pam's legs and ran a finger up and down Pam's slick
slit.

She grinned across the naked body at the grimacing housewife. "Wet already, Pet?
You're such a slut." Bess slipped a finger into Pam and was rewarded by the
housewife's little stiff red bud peeking out from behind it's hood.

"AHH, there you are," Bess exclaimed as she gently touch the dye covered brush
to the nub of nerves.

Pam cried out in burning pain.

Bess shushed her and reminded her not to move. Bess withdrew her finger from the
wet, warm orifice. That was one of the things she loved most about Pam. Her
pussy was a little piece of heaven on earth; it felt like wet velvet when it
wrapped itself around a finger or a tongue or a cock.

Well, now that Pam had a "touch-up paint-job" Bess decided to see if her ideas
for improvement would work. She reached into her bag and produced a second
bottle of carpet dye. This one was a pink color. Pam's skin was so pale that her
beautiful pussy was not very prominent. When the labia were engorged with blood,
they turned pink and beautiful. Bess liked the look of them that way, so she
thought that they should look like that all of the time. Plus, anyone venturing
between Pam's legs would appreciate a nice visible target.

Bess opened the jar and with a clean art brush leaned again between the quietly
crying housewife's outstretched legs.

"Just a minute more, Pet."

Bess very carefully began to stroke the pink liquid onto Pam's fleshy outer cunt
lips. "Oh, this will look wonderful," Bess said to no one in particular.

When she was done, she had carefully applied the soft pink dye to the rounded
external labia majora lips that surrounded Pam's pussy. The look was not garish
or slutty; it looked like a pussy that was excited, warm, inviting and would be
wonderful for anyone to enjoy. Pam's pussy was an invitation saying, "Come and
enjoy me and all of the wonderful secrets that I have deep inside."

Pam continued to squirm as the dye burned itself into her sensitive tissue but,
following directions, she didn't move. After a few minutes of allowing the dye
to penetrate deep into Pam's tissue, Bess carefully blotted the dye from her
nipples, clit and labia. Standing Pam up, she hugged her and said, "It's over,
Pet, now you will look as beautiful naked as clothed. Let's go shower, then we
are off to the beauty salon. I know how much you like to be pampered getting
your hair and face done. As the women started up to the shower Bess noted with
satisfaction that Pam was already rubbing her hand absentmindedly across her
nipples. "That dye really gives her an itch," Bess thought, "I'll bet she will
be rubbing her cunt constantly for the next three weeks."

The women showered and shaved their legs. Bess helped Pam trim her pussy hair
since the housewife had gotten a little stubbly in the past week. Feeling a
little devilish, Bess trimmed the neat triangle of cunt hair into a narrow strip
above Pam's slit. Pam's pussy was now cut in the style of models who wore the
most revealing of thong bikinis. It looked great with the soft pink, slightly
puffy pussy lips and hint of the dark red bud clit peeking out at the top of the
slit. "Shit, that damn pussy is so beautiful it makes 'me' want to eat it," Bess
mused to herself.

Bess had Pam dress in a comfortable tee shirt and shorts, and then they were off
to the salon for their beauty treatment.

The women luxuriated in the pampering they received. Naturally, Bess took charge
of Pam's makeover. The dark roots that had begun to show at Pam's scalp were
colored and the blonde hair became a golden honey color that looked rich and
classy. Once again, both women were given manicures and pedicures. Bess used a
natural color on her nails, and of course, all Pam's nails were colored a deep
red with long extensions glued on her fingernails.

The make-up for Bess was well done, highlighting her strong cheekbones and
giving her skin a healthy glow. Pam was once again heavily made up, deep red
lipstick, splash of color on her cheeks and eyes that became deep and
smoldering. Pam wasn't made to look cheap, just incredibly sensual.

All of this pampering had allowed both women to relax, Pam even fell asleep at
one pint as the hairdresser's hot comb did its magic.

Finally, they were finished. Both women felt a bit self-conscious leaving the
salon in their casual attire while their faces and hair were so well done. But
the two women bantered easily on the drive home. Once in the house, Pam
immediately removed her clothes. She loved being naked in this house.

"Let's sit and relax Pet, we don't need to get dressed for another hour. After
all we don't want to be too early at the restaurant," Bess decided for them
both. She popped a porno movie into the VCR, flopped on the couch and patted the
cushion next to her, indicating that Pam should sit down. Pam was busy
scratching her nipples and crotch and missed the subtle invitation. Finally,
after no response from her possession, Bess said, "Stop playing with yourself
and come sit next to me, Pet." After Pam sat down Bess, said, "Oh hell, I was
going to have you eat me for a while but we can't ruin your make-up, can we? I
guess you will have to use your fingers. Oh shit, you'll puncture me with those
fingernails. The hell with it, let's just watch the movie." Bess turned her head
to a gang-bang scene, muttering what trouble owning a pet could be.

Pam sat quietly and watched the TV. The scene showed a pretty blonde with huge
silicone tits getting fucked by three men. The housewife felt her pussy leaking
and was mesmerized by the sight of each large male cock. She correctly assumed
that most porn actors were hired for their impressive equipment. Bess had to ask
Pam twice to get her a drink of water before she heard. She was busy paying her
rapt attention to the sight of the blonde bobbing her head up and down on the
cock of a fourth man who had entered the scene.

"You really like these movies, don't you Pet?"

"Yes, Miss Bess," Pam replied as she handed her a tall glass of ice water.

"Well, maybe we should make one with you as the star?"

"Oh my God," Pam thought, her blood running cold. The idea of it excited her but
she quickly snapped back to thoughts of, "if someone ever saw me doing that, my
life would be over." Pam was thrilled and mortified at the same time, even
voicing that such a thing was abhorrent to her. Nevertheless, deep inside, she
could picture herself as the blonde with four naked men using her while being
filmed- particularly if Bess 'ordered' her to do it.

The two women watched the movie for a while in silence, the only noise the
occasional scratch of Pam's finger nails across her tingling, sensitive dyed
flesh.

"OK, Pet. Check on your girls by phone, then let's get dressed."

It seemed strange to Pam to be standing naked in Bess' house, talking to her
daughters on the phone. This was one of the few times that both of Pam's worlds
infringed on each other. Bess even came up behind her and cupped her ass as she
told her girls goodnight and that she would see them the next afternoon.

Bess smiled at the momentary confusion on Pam's face but then Pam turned her
face, her eyes beginning to tear. Bess could no longer see the mixed emotions on
the mother's face. Bess wanted to take back control, so she quickly hugged Pam
and ran her hands across the mother's ass, around her waist and grasped the
housewife's breasts.

The tears stopped. Pam humped back into Bess' grasp and mewed. "Ahh, my Pet is
back," Bess laughed smugly.




Acquisition 33/38  (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter

The dress Pam wore was amazing. In fact, the sight of Mrs. Pam Henderson
entering the restaurant caused conversation to stop and every male over the age
of 12 to watch her glide across the room, dutifully following Bess who strode in
with her athletic gait, as if she owned the place.

The dark blue silk dress clung to every curve. There were no breaks in the
smooth material indicating any elastic. Simply because there was no cloth, no
snaps, or elastic under the dress to disrupt the lines. The hem fell to Pam's
instep, but side slits opened and closed to above mid thigh as the housewife
walked. Flashes of soft, toned white skin appeared and disappeared as the two
women headed for their table. As Pam passed gawking diners the completely
backless dress showed her flesh to the top of her rounded buttocks. Mercifully
for Pam the dress did cover the top of the crack between her undulating ass
cheeks.  From the front, the now deeply scooped neckline exposed the tops of
Pam's breasts almost to her deep red nipples. The silky material slid over the
hard and itchy tips of those glorious tits.

The exercise routine Pam endured for Bess (and, more and more, for herself) had
paid off. Even though Pam was 37 years old and had nursed two children, her
toned and strong muscles held her boobs high and proud. Their fullness also
helped- despite their size Pam was able to go braless. A feat most wives and
mothers her age couldn't claim. Pam's 'rack' displayed in this sophisticated but
sensuous dress was appreciated by all the men, and made most of the women in the
restaurant jealous.

In moments the two women were seated by a very attentive maitre d'.  To Bess'
delight the two women were on the receiving end of the attention of every
unattached man in the restaurant. Drinks, notes and offers for dinner arrived
continuously at the table. Some of them from men who had snuck away momentarily
from their dates or wives.

"Oh this is wonderful, Pet. Do you see the attention you get? Well, which of
these nice men should we give the pleasure of our company?"

Pam didn't reply. While she wasn't as nervous as the last time they had gone
out, Pam was concentrating on keeping her back straight so that the dress didn't
gape open and give the waiter or every passing man a clear view of her chest.

"Well, I like the two nice men who bought us our drinks. They looked very nice
and well dressed. Let's invite them to our table." Without giving Pam time to
reply Bess waived at the two men to come to the table. The men smiled brightly,
but Bess really enjoyed the crestfallen look on all of the others who were not
chosen. She was really enjoying her role of bitch dom. It came naturally to her.

The men sat at the table and ordered another round of drinks. Bess noted with
satisfaction that the man seated next to her used a "platinum" credit card to
pay for them.

"Well what do you think of my Pet, gentlemen?" Bess made no attempt to hide the
nature of the relationship between her and Pam.

The men nodded approvingly. Bess continued, "She is married, but when she is
with me, she does what I say and wears my ring. Show them Pet."

A blushing Pam looked at her lap, but immediately held out her hand displaying
her sign of subservience.

There was no longer any question about ownership of the housewife. Pam's
complete loss of personal decision making was now a simple fact of life. Not
just in Bess' house, but anytime, anywhere the two women were together.  The
control even was becoming pervasive in the rest of Pam's life and indirectly the
entire Henderson family.

"Where is her husband?" one of the men asked.

"I wouldn't let her out of my sight if I was married to her," the other added.

Bess laughed. "Well, he is a bit of a bore. So Pet and I like to go out on the
town ourselves. Don't we, Pet? Answer properly now."

"Yes Miss Bess," was the weak and self-conscious reply.

The drink glasses were delivered and quickly emptied. Some small talk was made.
The waiter returned to take their order. Bess smiled up at him. She had made her
decision. "Can you keep this table for us for about 45 minutes, we need to go do
something."

The waiter looked around nervously. The men looked puzzled. Finally the waiter
said, "Well we are pretty busy.... Um, I mean we're not supposed to hold
tables."

"Well Mr. Waiter, if I make it 'worth-your-while' will you hold the table?"

"Umm... I guess, how much?" the waiter queried.

"No No, not money," Bess answered in her best 'take charge' voice.  Continuing
she said, "look we will only be gone for 45 minutes," then looking the two men
that sat at the table, she caustically added, "Well, maybe only 30 minutes.  For
that my friend will lean over and all during our meal you'll get to look down
her dress at her nice titties.  Show him, Pet."

The three men were mesmerized, everyone held their breath and looked at the
housewife.

"Go on Pet, I want you to show off, SHOW HIM YOUR TITS... NOW!" Bess growled.

Pam raised her eyes and looked at Bess. Without taking her eyes from her
neighbor she leaned forward, curled her shoulders and tugged on the material of
her dress.  Two bright red nipples popped into view.  Bess smiled back at Pam
and said, "that's a good little Pet."

"Shit, look at that," the man seated next to Pam croaked. The waiter dropped his
order pad and pencil on the floor.

The clattering of the falling pad and pencil jerked everyone from their frozen
state.

"Yes, ma'am. I can hold this table. God I wish I could hold those tits," the
waiter finally got out.

Bess laughed, "Well depending on the service you give us you might get a tit
'tip'."

Bess turned to the men seated with them, "If you boys will pay for a suite in
the Hyatt Hotel next door Pet and I will spend the next 45 minutes with you. I
can't wait to make love to one of you. How about you, Pet?"

"Yes, Miss Bess," Pam said surrendering completely to Bess' will. "I will make
love to one of them."

"No Pet, I will make love, you are just going to fuck. You know how much you
like to fuck!"

In moments the two grinning men, arm-in-arm with Bess and Pam, were gliding out
of the restaurant while the waiter stared open-mouthed after them. Across the
parking lot the four walked to the hotel. The two lucky strangers quickly paid
for a room and as the elevator door slid shut both men put their arms around the
two women.

"Don't be groping us here in the elevator," Bess angrily ordered, causing the
men to drop their arms and look at the floor sheepishly like two little boys
caught with their hands in the cookie jar. "Pet and I have a long night ahead of
us and I don't want our clothes wrinkled."

Once inside the hotel room Pam sighed with relief when she saw two double beds.
She had been afraid that the four of them would all be together in one bed.
While she knew that she would follow Bess' orders, Pam still had all of the
moral reservations she ever had about her actions.  "Thank goodness none of this
was her fault, after all she was just doing what 'Miss Bess' wanted," the
housewife thought to herself.

"Pet, take off that dress and hang it in the closet. We want to stay neat for
the rest of out evening now, don't we?"

"Yes, Miss Bess," was the reply as Pam immediately opened the closet door and
retrieved a hanger. With some difficulty the housewife was able to shinny out of
the tight, clingy dress. Her actions caused her tits and ass to bounce
invitingly as the two men, still fully dressed, enjoyed the show.

Pam stood naked, being viewed by the others who were fully clothed. As usual,
despite herself, she found that she was thrilled at her situation, naked and
vulnerable, a specimen to be studied and appreciated. Her red nipples tingled
and her clit ached to be rubbed.

"Damn, look at the body on that bitch," one of the men exclaimed.

"You bet your ass, I'm gonna love sticking it into that fine piece of meat," the
other exclaimed, as he began to scramble out of his clothes. The men were much
less concerned about their clothes and in moments two nice hard cocks were on
view as the men laid back on their respective beds.

Pam stood naked except for her thigh highs and heels, waiting for Bess to tell
her what to do.

"Come help me out of my clothes Pet. Be sure to hang them up carefully."

Pam stood by her neighbor and with trembling fingers began to undo the buttons
and snaps of Bess' clothes. It took much longer for Bess to get naked. She was
wearing a lot more than Pam had been. But shortly the two women, one short and
wiry, the other tight and voluptuous, stood at the foot of each bed. The man
before Pam reached down and grasped his hard cock. He swung it from side to side
and with a growl said, "come and get it slut."  Pam involuntarily licked her
lips and looked over to Bess.

"Go on Pet, suck and fuck to your hearts content. You and I both know that you
need it bad. Don't we? Tell me you need it bad!"

"I need it bad, Miss Bess."

"Well tell me thank you and give him the fuck of his life."

"Thank you Miss Bess." Pam crawled onto the bed between the man's outstretched
legs. In moments Pam's red lipsticked lips had the head of the stranger's cock
captured and the groans from the naked man indicated that the housewife was
using all of the cock-sucking talents she had recently discovered.

"God, she is such a horny slut," Bess exclaimed as she straddled the other man.
"Come-on stud, lets see if you can satisfy me." Bess grasped the other hard cock
and lowered herself onto the throbbing member, but she never took her eyes from
her Pet's bobbing head as it worked up and down the stalk on the bed next to
her.  Bess felt her tight pussy filled as she bottomed out.

Pam released the cock she was sucking and slithered her way up the man's body.
She allowed her hard red nipples to trail up his thighs, belly and chest. The
stimulation provided some relief from the itching, but Pam was desperate to
relieve the need between her sculptured thighs. "Fuck me...fuck me..." the
housewife hissed as she fumbled with the saliva slick cock, her groping hands
trying to force it into wet slit. The man, in wide-eyed shock at the beautiful
woman's need, grabbed his cock with one hand and, spreading the bright pink
pussy lips with the fingers of his other hand, arched up and planted his hard
flesh deep into Pam's open maw.

Pam's juices coated his fingers. "My God, this slut must be a nympho," the man
exclaimed as Pam's guttural moans filled the room causing Bess to stop churning
her own hips and stare slack mouthed at what she had created!  Pam's ass was a
blur as it stroked up and down, her pussy clenching and riding the hardness in
wild abandon. It took only moments for the man Pam fucked to shoot his hot load
of jism into the housewife.

"NO...NO...I need more...," Pam wailed as she felt the softening cock begin to
shrivel. The housewife jumped of the man and literally leapt at his groin. "Stay
hard...I ...need more...PLEEASE," and her mouth engulfed the cock, still slick
with cum and her own juices. She sucked hard and long trying to coax another
erection form the man.

Bess laughed and returned to her own pleasure bouncing up and down bringing
herself closer to her own orgasm. She looked down at the man she was riding and
commented, "your friend doesn't have much staying power does he?" Both Bess and
the owner of the cock that was planted deep in her tight pussy laughed and then
picked up their pace.

Bess had been right; it was only 30 minutes from the time they had left the
restaurant until the two women were walking back in. Bess smiled and said, "See
Pet? A flash of your tits and that waiter would have held the table all night
for us." The two women had dressed, freshened their make-up, and wiped the
oozing jism from their well used cunts. The men had left the key to the room
with Bess; neither of them thought that they would need it anymore, but Bess
figured that Pam would probably get some more use of the beds this evening.

The two women slid back into the chairs and in a flash the waiter was beside
them. "Are you ready to order now, ladies?"

Bess ordered for both of them, not even acknowledging Pam in the process. The
waiter scurried away after looking down the front of Pam's dress. Bess smiled at
her possession and said, "isn't it nice when I make all these decisions for you
Pet. You don't have to worry your empty little head about anything. Just sit and
look pretty. That's all you ever need to do."

"Miss Bess, I'm...I'm..."

"What Pet, tell me!"

"I..I...He didn't...."

"What Pet?"

"He.. didn't last long enough to make me...Ummm.. finish."

"You mean cum, Pet? You didn't cum."

"Yes..I mean no... Oh! Miss Bess, I need to cum."

At that moment a distinguished looking gentleman in his early 40's approached
the table. "May I buy you ladies a drink?" he queried in a deep smooth voice.

The waiter was directly behind him with Bess and Pam's salads.

Bess laughed, "No we don't need a drink, but waiter can you hold the table for
another 30 minutes?"

10 minutes later Bess sat back in a chair of the hotel watching Pet.  Bess was
fully dressed, Pam wore only her thigh-highs. The distinguished looking
gentleman had a surprisingly thick cock. Pam could hardly get it in her mouth.

"That's enough sucking Pet," Bess exclaimed, "we don't want this one to lose his
load too soon do you? Why don't you get on your hands and knees, Pet? You always
have a big orgasm when you fuck doggie-style." Pam scrambled onto all fours and
waved her ass at the man.

The distinguished looking man realizing that he was being used. He decided to
use back, so he reached under Pam's torso and grabbed a tit in each hand. Then,
using Pam's breasts for handles, he plunged himself home. The housewife's
buttocks quivered as the thick shaft opened her pussy and his balls slapped
against her red sensitive clit. He ground his belly in circles against Pam's
ass, effectively reaming out the housewife's pussy and loosening it up for his
large member. Once he felt that the cunt was stretched enough, he began to
stroke long and hard. "Damn," he thought, "she does have a sweet cunt. It is
wet, tight and buttery."

Bess smiled. This time Pam was getting fucked rather than doing the fucking. Pam
liked to be controlled and Bess had no doubt that the housewife would have her
much needed orgasm with this thick cocked stranger.  Bess was content to watch;
her libido was never that great and the sex she had had earlier was more than
enough for her. Besides, she really got off on controlling her Pet now. Even
Bess was beginning to really think of Pam as a plaything now, a possession.
Actually it was approaching the feeling of slave ownership in Bess's mind.

Bess watched and thought, Pet will be satisfied this time. This man knew how to
fuck. Bess made a note to get his phone number before they went back to the
restaurant." Pam screamed in orgasm, but the man kept plunging in and out. "Yes
Pet would be satisfied this time," Bess grinned to herself.




Acquisition 34/38  (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter

The man with the thick cock gave Pam two mind shattering orgasms before he shot
a searing load of stringy cum into her very receptive pussy, an amazingly
sensual hole that seemed to milk his cock as it swelled in climax.

After his soft but slimy flesh was cleaned by Pam's mouth, the man was dismissed
from the room by Bess. She had spent the entire time sitting quietly, watching
her possession enjoy herself. Bess was feeling the rush of controlling someone
so completely that they would do whatever she told them. The two women spent
some time fixing Pam's makeup and re-dressing the housewife again. Hand-in-hand
the neighbors went back to the restaurant. Bess glanced at her watch and
thought, "It is only 9:30. The night is just beginning." Bess smiled broadly at
Pam who smiled back sheepishly. "Well at least she got her edge off with that
one," Bess thought to herself, as she checked Pam one last time for wrinkles or
smeared make-up.

Back in the restaurant the two women finished their salads. The young waiter
hovered at the table every chance he got and Bess rewarded him by having Pam
lean forward and give him a view down her dress. Her cherry nipples could be
easily seen by the waiter and many of the people seated nearby. The waiter's
obvious hard-on couldn't be missed by the two women who giggled every time he
walked away.  Pam didn't hesitate to exhibit herself when instructed by Bess and
she laughed about it with her owner afterwards. "She sure has lost her
inhibitions," Bess thought as she looked across the table at her creation.

"Pet, you look so beautiful tonight, even after fucking two strangers.  Aren't
you glad we were so careful about keeping your dress nice and fixing your
make-up?"

"Yes, Miss Bess."

"You enjoyed it, didn't you Pet?"

"Umm... I...," Pam stammered and her eyes filled.

"Oh, stop it Pet. You loved it.  Face it, you are gorgeous, and fucking is what
you do best. That's what you are good for after all, looking nice and giving me,
and whomever else I want, pleasure."

"But... my... family... I... this isn't..."

"Pet, you are hopelessly and irretrievably a slut now. You know it, I know it
and all of those cocks you have been fucking and sucking know it. But I guess
I'll have to prove it to you one more time."

"Miss Bess...."

"Shut up and listen.  You have finished your salad and that's all you are going
to eat tonight. We don't want you to put back on any of those pounds we worked
so hard to get off. So while I have my main course I want you to pick out a man
at the bar and take him to the room and fuck him silly.  You are going to make
another man's night Pet." Bess handed her the key to the hotel room that the
first men of the evening had rented.

"Go on, get up and find a man. I'm not going with you this time. You are going
to do it all by yourself for a change. No more 'Miss Bess was there', 'Miss Bess
had me do it'. You go, pick out a man and fuck his brains out Pet. Go on, you
know you want to. Go get yourself fucked," then sardonically Bess added, "Mrs.
Pam Henderson.  When you are finished come back here and tell me about it. I'll
be waiting."

It was the first time Bess had called her anything but 'Pet' in weeks. It was
like a slap of reality to the housewife.  Her eyes filled and she felt shame,
but her need and her training overcame all of the other emotions and ingrained
morals.  Inexplicably, unable to help herself, Pam found herself rising from the
table.  In her slinky form-fitting dress and high heels, she moved like a robot
towards the bar, clutching the hotel key in her hand.

The housewife didn't know what to do. As she approached the bar every man turned
to look at her.  Pam could see the hunger in their eyes. Their desire. They all
wanted her. But what should she do, "Miss Bess always took care of these
things," Pam thought, "how do I do this?"

Pam approached the closest man. He was young, maybe 25, but very well dressed.
"I...Umm... Hello...I..." Pam was flustered her tongue felt swollen in her
mouth.

The young man could see the beautiful older woman who walked up to him visibly
shaking. "Can I help you Ma'am? Are you OK," he asked?

"I... FFF.....FFFUUUU....FFUUUCCCCKKK," was all Pam could get out.

"Excuse me what did you say. It sounded like, FUCK."

"Yesssss.....,"Pam grasped the young man's arm. Touching him feeling his
strength Pam was able to look at his face and force out the words, "fuck me." 
As she did she felt her pussy contract and knew that she wanted this.

The young man stood in shock, "What... I... hell yes. Let's go." Amid the quiet
cheers and comments from the other men at the bar, Pam walked on unsteady legs
past a grinning Bess, and out of the restaurant. The young man placed an arm
protectively around her as if she were a prize that he had won in some cosmic
lottery.

Bess ordered her meal and ate slowly, imagining her married neighbor riding the
young man in the hotel room. "Would he play with her big tits while she bounced
up and down on his youthful cock? Maybe Pam would lick his hairy balls and
swallow his sweet tasting cum. Well she would find out soon enough. She just
hoped that Pam would remember to hang up her dress. Bess had the make-up in her
purse. She hadn't let Pam carry a purse, so she knew that they would have to
repair her make-up later. But the housewife re-entering the restaurant with a
just fucked look on her face would be quite a show for all the diners."  Bess
smiled to herself, she would enjoy that little further humiliation of Pam.
"Everyone in the restaurant would know exactly what the beautiful voluptuous
middle-aged housewife had been doing with that younger man.  Everyone in the
restaurant would look at her and know that she was a slut. A beautiful, elegant
one, but a slut nonetheless."

As Bess was finishing her main course she spied Pam walking slowly in the door.
She looked a mess. "Damn her," Bess thought, "it looks like she threw the dress
on the floor or maybe she didn't even take it off. Shit, she was so anxious she
probably just bunched it around her waist so the man could stick his prick into
her as fast as possible."

As she got closer she could see the smeared make-up. "Sit down Pet, you are a
mess. Don't you even care what you look like? I work so hard to make you look
good and then you come walking in here looking like a sleazy whore."

Pam gently lowered herself into the chair. She had a far away look in her eyes.
"What the hell happened to you," Bess demanded?

"I... ummm... he was very strong. I... I mean... I..., finally Pam blurted it
out, "he held me down.... I liked that Miss Bess.... He just held me face down,
pulled up my dress and...and..."

"And what Pet?" "He did it to me in my bottom," Pam said in a whisper.

"He fucked you in the ass?" Bess laughed out loud.

"Yes Miss Bess, he fucked me in my ass and I liked it." Tears of shame rolled
down Pam's face causing further damage to her make-up.

"Well you proved my point Pet. You have sucked, fucked and had your ass plugged
in the space of two hours. But what makes my point more than anything is that
fact that this wasn't a gang-bang. This wasn't three men using you at the same
time like the other night. You were dressed beautifully in a nice restaurant,
you went with one man, came back to the restaurant made a decision to go with
another man and even a third. It wasn't wham-bang-thank-you ma'am. You went and
had sex three times with three different men, one-at-a-time. All very
deliberate, for your own fulfillment and satisfaction. You weren't used Pet, you
used those three hard cocks for your own enjoyment. You truly are a sex loving
uncontrolled slut.  I like you this way. Now the fun is really going to start."

Pam knew it was all true. What had happened to her? What had happened to the
housewife, mother and teacher that had the wonderful suburban life? Was she
still that person?

"Let's go to the restroom and clean you up. Then its' off to 'Milton's' again
tonight. Jake and Scotty will be there. Jake said there was going to be a party
in the back room and he especially asked if I would bring you to it." Bess rose
from the table and taking Pam's arm pulled her towards the bathroom.  Pam's mood
brightened at the though of seeing Scotty. She had missed talking to him and his
special friendship over the last few weeks. He was the one person who really
seemed to understand her.

The women's exit from the restaurant was just as spectacular as their entrance.
The dress was still wrinkled, but Bess had managed to fix Pam's make-up so she
was presentable. The drive to the 'after hours' club took only a few minutes.
The same muscular black doorman that was on guard their last visit held open the
door and said, "Jake told me to keep my eye out for you two this evening. Have a
good time at 'Milton's' tonight. Maybe I'll see you later inside after my shift
out here is over."

Bess checked her watch as they entered the dark club. "A few minutes after
11:00, things would start hopping pretty soon at the club," Bess thought to
herself as she steered Pam through the crowd looking for a table. The club was
very crowded tonight and the revelers were in full swing. The music was heavy
with a driving base sound and both men and woman danced with frenetic energy.
The dark and disturbing motif of the warehouse gave the entire club a surreal
feel. In one corner the young head-bangers were smashing their bodies into each
other. In another corner the elegant uptown crowd drank and eyed each other's
wives with envy and lust, looking sharp in their designer clothes. At the far
side the leather crowd huddled together. Small pockets of others mingled with
singles and doubles here and there. It was an eclectic group.

The two women could smell sickly sweet marijuana in the smoky air and they saw
several small mirrors on table tops covered with tell-tale white crystals. Yes,
it was an eclectic group, but they had one thing in common, they liked to party,
whatever form that partying took.

Bess couldn't find an empty table. So she steered an open mouthed Pam to an area
between the uptown yuppies and the leather bound crowd. She was careful to give
the headbangers a wide berth, she didn't want Pam, or herself for that matter,
to get sucked into that frenzy. You could get really hurt in that crowd. Of
course, Bess thought it might be fun for her to 'punch out' a few of them. She
knew that she was stronger than all the women and most of the men, but she
wasn't really dressed for a fight and she had to worry about Pam.

Her concerns were prophetic. An uptown yuppie woman who looked to be about 30,
wearing a beautiful designer dress, walked too close to the scruffy group on her
way to the bar. Somehow she stumbled and bumped into the back of a fat punk
rocker with chains on his leather jacket. Before she could open her mouth the
woman was grabbed. She quickly disappeared into the mass of slamming bodies. If
there were screams you couldn't hear them over the music and the roar of the
punk rockers. Bess tried to keep her eyes at the point where the woman had
disappeared behind the denim and leather clothed group. But the brightly colored
hair and the frenzy of the bodies smashing into each other made it impossible.
She did see what looked like a scrap of material fly briefly above the heads of
the crowd.

"Shit, I hope she doesn't get stomped to death in there.  You stay far away from
that crowd Pet," Bess instructed. Pam nodded her emphatic agreement.

Bess kept her eyes on the crowd and noticed that another in a long line of crowd
surfers was now being carried on the sea of dirty hands of the headbangers. It
was the woman She was bleeding from a cut on her forehead and her clothes were
being ripped from her body. She was quickly naked and Bess could see her tits
being squeezed unmercifully and fingers roughly probing her cunt and ass. Then
she disappeared into the crowd once again.  Later that night Jake's clean-up
crew would find the woman unconscious under the front of the stage. She had been
repeatedly raped and although she didn't know it yet, she had contracted several
nasty illnesses from being fucked without protection and the dirty needles that
had been stuck into various sensitive parts of her body. She would also have
several scars. But at least she hadn't been branded. One of the headbangers had
wanted to heat up a coat hanger and write his name across her tits. But cooler
heads prevailed and the poor woman was finally left unconscious under the stage
and quickly forgotten by the drugged-out crowd.

As for Pam and Bess, it was not long before Scotty showed up. Pam was happy but
surprised to see him in what looked like a leather gladiator's outfit. He had
been sent by Jake to get the Dom's and Sub's into the backroom. His party was
about to start. Scotty had hoped that Pam wouldn't be here, and his concern for
her showed on his boyish face. Pam couldn't understand why he didn't look happy
to see her. Actually, Scotty was happy to see the housewife, but just not here,
right now. He knew that the situation was out of his hands. He looked sadly at
Pam and gave her a quick hug.  It was Bess and Jake who decided what the night
would bring for them both.

"Let's go to a party, Pet."

Many of the leather crowd and a few of the yuppies moved en mass down the
hallway to the door at end. It was the room that Pam and Bess had seen on the
tour the last time they had visited the club. Pam followed Bess filled with
apprehension. Sensing her tentativeness, Bess decided it was time for some
forcefulness on her part. "Pet, I expect you to do exactly what I say. DO YOU
UNDERSTAND!"

"Yes Miss, Bess." Pam was actually relieved that Bess was taking charge of the
situation.

Several of the experienced Dom's that were walking close by heard the exchange
and looked over the blond middle-aged woman in their midst. Most of them
thought, "fresh meat," and hoped that they "would have a chance to 'play' with
the obviously novice sub."

Inside the door Bess was greeted by Jake, who wore black boots, pants and shirt.
The shirt was open to mid-chest exposing his powerful and hairy torso. "I'm so
glad you brought Mrs. Henderson, Bess. I've though a lot about her since the
time we spent together at your house," his deep voice commented. Pam was
mesmerized by his powerful presence and blushed at the memories of her first
extramarital fuck with this man.

He continued, "I'm sure that she will have a good time tonight." He smiled a
disarming smile at Pam, but there was a hint of danger behind his flashing eyes.
"Look around and after I see that the party gets started well, I'll be back to
spend some time with you two beautiful women." Bess beamed at his compliment.
Jake leaned over and whispered in Bess' ear, "Keep your Pet close or one of
these Dom's will try to steal her away." Bess smiled at Jake, "I will, but I
intend for Pet to have an extraordinary experience."  Jake smiled, "well that's
up to you, but I want first crack at her and then I'm sure that you will have
plenty of volunteers for her further training." Bess replied, "good, but don't
forget you promised me some time tonight if I brought her along." Jake laughed,
"don't worry Bess I promise to save a little for you." Then he was off moving
through the room and talking with guests.

At first it looked like any normal party. Groups of people standing and talking.
The only difference was some of the guests attire looked different. There was
some nudity, and if you looked closely you could see some leather collars on
some people and leather cuffs on some arms and legs. Bess led Pam to the bar and
ordered them each a drink. A bare-chested bartender was quick and efficient and
the two women soon found themselves moving about the room. Subtly the party
began to change. There was an electricity in the air. Pam noticed that some of
the men and women were being led around the room by leashes attached to collars.
She saw a man, naked except for a leather g-string kneeling at a fat woman's
feet holding an ashtray for her to use.

Suddenly Pam heard a loud crack and the crowd moved towards a corner where the
noise came from. Bess and Pam made their way to the side where they could see
what was going on. The sight that greeted Pam took her breath away and she felt
her belly tighten. Bess grinned at her, "do you like that Pet?"

Pam didn't respond, she stood open-mouthed her chest rising and falling rapidly.

But Bess saw that Pam's nipples were hard and poked at the front of her dress.
"Yes, Pet likes that," she thought, "Pet would like to be that woman there.
Hanging naked from chains, being slapped on the ass with a leather strap by a
bare-chested Dom, while another leather clad man slowly worked an impossibly
long dildo into her cunt. Pet can see herself right there, while a crowd a
people watches her writhe in delicious pain and pleasure."

The dildo was finally fully inserted and the crowd murmured its approval each
time the leather struck the tender ass flesh of the hanging woman.

That loosened everyone up. It was as if a damn had broken. Scenes like Pam had
never imagined began to be played out all around them. The air crackled with
sexual energy and the energy of people giving up their bodies and souls to
others. Giving themselves away for amusement and the delicious feelings that
they would experience.

A large naked man approached Bess. He kneeled at her feet and spoke, "My
Mistress asks if you and your Sub would like to join us at the whipping post?"

Bess responded, "Not now, but maybe later." The man looked with longing at Pam,
then rose to his feet. As he turned and walked back to the woman who sent him,
Pam couldn't help but watch his semi-hard cock bound and sway as he walked. Bess
laughed at her, "Never met a cock you didn't like, huh Pet?"  Pam blushed in
shame and excitement.  "Well it looks like there are lots of cocks on display
now Pet. Let's see some more."

Pam felt as if she we in a room full of people who knew a secret and she wasn't
in on the joke. She heard snatches of conversations with words like 'Dom' and
'Sub'. Other conversations included; 'erotic power exchange', 'hard play' and
'24/7 slave.' There were some words she understood very well; tits, ass, cunt
and cock. With an occasional reference to whips and dildos thrown in for good
measure. As the housewife glanced around large dark room a variety of activities
were taking place, and as Bess promised there were a lot of hard cocks to be
seen. Pam never knew there could be such a variety. Short cocks, long cocks, fat
cocks, skinny cocks. Some were straight some had curves. Others had foreskins
and some were circumcised. But what most amazed her were the ones that were tied
with rope and bulged in torture. There were even some that wore brightly colored
condoms. The condoms were adorned with bumps and studs to ensure incredible
stimulation inside whomever they were thrust.

Around the room whips and paddles were being used on both men and women. In the
center of the room a petite well-groomed redhead was being strapped down on a
large heavy wooden X. Her arms and legs locked with cuffs at the ends of each
arm. She was one of the yuppies Pam and Bess had seen earlier. The woman cried
and moaned in fear and pleasure, as two leather clad men ripped her expensive
designer dress from her body. A man dressed like he had just come from the golf
course stood by and excitedly encouraged the large bearded men "to use his wife
like the whore she was." The wooden device was parallel to the floor at just
below waist height and the X nature of the design made it easy to approach the
woman from any direction.

"It looks like the uptown rich people like to get down and dirty sometimes Pet,"
Bess commented.

Jake appeared at the women's side and asked, "How do you like my little party?" 
"This is incredible Jake," Bess responded. Pam stood mute unable to look away
from the woman restrained on the cross. The two burly Dom's had dropped their
pants and approach the redhead from opposite ends. Two large dirty cocks were
each rammed home, in her mouth and pussy, while the husband chanted,
"go...go...go...fuck her." He fumbled with his designer pants, pulled out his
cock and masturbated in time with the men who were pumping mercilessly in and
out of his wife.

Jake looked up at Pam and laughed, "that's Jim Green and his wife from 1st
National Bank. He likes to see her used...and she has rape fantasies. It's a
marriage made in heaven. Nobody really knows who the father is of their two
kids."  Pam was flushed and breathing hard. Witnessing Mrs. Green's restraint
and attack had reached the submissive core of the naive housewife.  If Jake or
Bess had touched her at that moment she would have had a screaming orgasm.

Jake turned to Bess, "I have a special device over here, let's see how your Pet
likes it."

Jake led Bess and Bess led Pam to a far corner of the room. What looked like a
futuristic weight bench sat gleaming under a spot light in the dark corner.

"Do what Jake says Pet."

Jake grasped Pam's shoulders and stood her in front of the bench. Pam saw that a
small crowd of people had seen Jake and were gathering around to see what was
going on. Because it was Jake they stood a respectful distance away, but watched
with anticipation. "See how interested everyone is in you?" Jake whispered in
Pam's ear. "Now relax, I don't want you distracted by them." From somewhere Jake
produced a black sleep mask and placed it over Pam's short blond hair. In
moments her vision was cut-off. Pam tensed in fear, but Jake reassured her,
"It's OK... relax." he voice was hypnotic and Pam felt herself relax even as the
excitement in her continued to build. "Let's show everyone how beautiful you
are. Let's show them all of Bess's hard work with you."

Pam felt hands at the hem of her dress.  "Lift your arms Pet," came a command
from Bess. Pam raised her arms pulling her tits taut. She felt a coolness on her
legs then ass pussy and belly.  The dress was being lifted up over her head. 
"My God," Pam thought in panic, "all these people will see me naked."

The dress finally cleared her shoulders and disappeared over her head. The
housewife instinctively covered herself with her arms as best she could.  Her
obvious embarrassment brought a series of comments from the jaded onlookers.
This one was a real innocent they thought.

"Drop your arms Pet," the voice from Bess ordered.

"Ahhhh," was the noise from the crowd as Pam's full, red nippled tits came into
view. Her slightly rounded stomach and almost hairless pink lipped pussy were
also appreciated by the crowd.

"They think you're beautiful," Jake whispered in her ear. The thought that she
was being displayed like this thrilled the housewife and knowing that her body
was appreciated made it all the better.

"Now I am going to help you lay back on the bench." Jake's strong arms literally
carried Pam backwards and down, until her back was on the bench. Her feet were
still on the floor. This caused her red clit to pop into view and her firm
breasts to point at the ceiling with an erotic wobble to them.  These sights
caused another appreciative murmur from the growing crowd. Pam felt her ankles
tied to the bench legs and her arms were also pulled back and down. Then they
were tied to the legs below her. Pam was naked except for stockings and heels.
She was blind- unaware of who was around, but she knew that many eyes were
looking at her. Looking at her most private parts. She was restrained and
couldn't do a thing, except maybe scream. But should she scream in fright or
pleasure? Even the housewife didn't know. The option of screaming soon
disappeared as she felt a soft rubber ball forced between her lips and teeth.
Stretching her mouth and preventing her from doing anything except whimper.

Jake's voice came out of the blackness, "now you will find out things about
yourself that you never knew, Mrs. Henderson.  You will know what it means to
feel pleasure. Before the night is over you will be one large orgasm producing
cunt, babbling for more and more. Until you are fucked to exhaustion. But first
lets try the Mexican Jumping Bean Dildo and the Titty Suckers. They will get you
in the mood for more human partners."




Acquisition 35/38  (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter

Pam could feel, or rather sense a presence hovering over her nude body. The
unknown person's actions caused the air to move gently across her flesh and
goosebumps of anticipation formed on her soft exposed skin. "What was
happening," her mind screamed? "How many strangers were gazing at her restrained
naked body?"  But those thoughts were soon pushed to the back of her mind. 
Thick strong male fingers began to probe her exposed pussy. She felt a squirt of
lubricant force its way into her vagina. This was a feeling she was familiar
with.  Bess always lubed her cunt before fucking her with 'Mr. Friendly'.

The unknown fingers gently spread her pussy lips and she could feel a thin soft
dildo being run into her pink channel. She could tell that it wasn't large. In
fact, Jake had just inserted a thin five inch dildo all the way into the bound
housewife. But it was a very special dildo. Snaking out of from between her pink
labia were two narrow gauge wires. The wires ran to a controller and battery
pack lying on the floor under the bench.  Jake picked up a roll of duct tape and
tore off a strip about 10 inches long.  He ran the tape from just under Pam's
belly button over her cunt and stuck the other end to the flesh between her
asscheeks.  Jake had effectively taped Pam's cunt shut. He turned to Bess and
said, "that's to keep everything in its proper place." Above the bench, on the
stanchion that had once held pulleys and weights, an ordinary canister vacuum
cleaner was firmly bolted. Jake picked up the vacuum cleaner hose from under the
bench. The main hose split into two smaller hoses. He attached the large hose to
the suction end of the vacuum. The divided ends hung down just above Pam's
trembling breasts.

"This slut will need the biggest cones we have," Jake laughed. He picked up two
large clear plastic funnels and duct-taped them to the hanging hose ends. 
Placing a cone over each of Pam's tits Jake reached up and flipped on the switch
to the vacuum. Over the hum of the vacuum's motor and the sudden whimpering of
the gagged housewife, Jake told Bess, "Not high-tech, but very effective.  Her
tits are really being stimulated and the vacuum is on a timer so it will turn on
and off."  As he made the comment the vacuum motor stopped and Pam relaxed
against her bonds. The crowd that had now gathered waited silently; in a few
moments the vacuum turned on again and all of Pam's limbs jerked against her
restraints. Under the spot light the crowd "OOOOHHed" as the housewife's tits
swelled under the mechanical suction, filling the large cones completely. "After
a while she will be a full cup size bigger and her breasts will be so sensitive
that just touching them will set her off," Jake remarked.  He continued, "But
don't worry. It wears off after a few minutes and she will be back to normal. 
Bess, you might want to try it. They say that the experience is even more
intense for smaller breasted women."

"Real funny, Jake," Bess responded caustically. Then she observed, "You know
Jake, I have done something similar to Pet using rubber bands, but the suction
device is a lot better. God, look at them swell. They must feel like basketballs
to her."

Then Bess added, "Enough of playing with Pet, when do I get to have some fun
Jake?"

"I'm almost done here and then we will have some time. Let me show you what the
jumping dildo does," Jake smugly suggested. "This will drive her crazy and make
her sooo... willing for anything. First let me call Scotty over here to watch
her. When we get busy, some horny Dom may try to take advantage of her before we
are ready.  Plus, I know that he really likes her, it will do him good to see
his friend being abused like this. I want him to know who 'the man' is. IT's ME"

All of this conversation between Bess and Jake was lost on Pam. The suction and
release of her sensitive tits commanded all of her attention. She felt as if her
soul was being sucked out through her nipples, and her pussy was involuntarily
contracting around the small dildo trapped in her cunt. With the blindfold and
restraints in place all she could do was experience the sensations.

Scotty was soon at Jake's side and he looked sadly down at his friend. "Shit
Scotty, don't look like that. She is having a good time. It's what she wants,
just like it's what you want." Jake reached over and pinched one of Scotty's
nipples hard enough to bruise. "See don't you like that?" Jake added cruelly. "I
want you to sit next to her and keep people away. Bess and I are going to be
busy and a half an hour of so of this treatment will make Bess' pet so pliable.
Hell, she won't even remember her own name after 30 minutes of this."

Scotty sat on the floor next to Pam's head and whispered, "It's me, Scotty, I'm
here Pam."  If Pam heard him she didn't acknowledge it, off course the ball gag
prevented her saying anything and the vacuum clicked on at that moment causing
Pam's tits to swell out in all of their splendor. To the gagged housewife the
magnificent swelling was accompanied by a sensual feeling of pins and needles
all over her captured tit flesh. Also, an experience not unlike nursing a baby.
It seemed like her tits were being sucked out through her tender itchy, dyed
nipples. Or more like a baby that was able to empty a milk filled tit in an
instant rather than over several long minutes.

Jake showed Bess a second Mexican Jumping Bean Dildo. He turned on a switch and
the small cylinder of soft rubber began to hum and vibrate. Then it began to
squirm in his hand like a worm. Both ends of the dildo were swinging wildly
to-and-fro. Spinning and almost turning back on itself into a circle before
straightening out and squirming, rolling and gesticulating back into new
directions and shapes.

Bess eyes widened, "My God one of those is inside of her?"

With an evil laugh Jake grinned, "Yep, do you want to turn it on for her Bess?"

"Hell yeah! You are absolutely insane Jake. That thing will make her crazy.
That's why you needed the tape, isn't it?"

Jake laughed again, "Yes, the Jumping Bean will actually work its way out of a
pussy on its own if not kept in place.  Most of the women who use it have
piercing rings on their labia so they can be locked shut."

Jake pointed to a fat woman across the room. She was squatting like a Sumo
wrestler and thin but strong hanging chains were attached to each of her labia
through permanent rings piercing her flesh. At the end of each chain was a metal
cup. A leather clad man was pouring water from a watering can into the cups. 
The fleshy cunt lips of the woman were being pulled painfully further and
further towards the floor with the added weight.

"We could pierce her like that woman and lock her up if you want Bess."

"No!" Bess found herself saying sharply. Bess wasn't ready to scar Pet in that
way. She did have a true feeling of protectiveness and love for her neighbor. 
That kind of permanent marking was further than she would go with her.

"Well we wouldn't have to stretch her pussy like that," Jake added. "Although I
fucked that woman once and having a woman's pussy lips completely engulf your
cock and even swallow your balls is an amazing experience."

Bess looked back at the squatting woman. Someone had now placed an orange
traffic cone under her and with the cups of water on each side of the cone she
was settling down onto the plastic with a look of pure bliss on her face.

"I've seen this before," Jake said. "It is incredible how much of that cone she
can take."

Bess and Jake turned their attention back to Pam. The vacuum had just cycled off
and Pam relaxed against her bonds. Bess noted that Pam's tits didn't seem to
return to their normal size and shape. Even with the vacuum off, the tit flesh
now filled the large clear plastic funnels.

"Go ahead, turn the dildo on, Bess. It will be like nothing she has ever
experienced before."

The crowd drew closer in anticipation of what was to come.

Bess reached down, stopping to gently caress Pam's alabaster skin above the
stocking top. "What the hell," she thought and moved her hand under the bench
and flipped the 'on' switch.

Fortunately Pam's legs were restrained. If they hadn't been the hard jerk of
Pam's leg would have kicked Bess right in the face.

Because the dildo was entirely inside of Pam, hidden behind flesh, tissue and a
sealed opening, no tell-tale sound could be heard for the mechanical fuck stick.
The people who just walked upon the scene had no idea why the head of the gagged
and blindfolded woman was thrashing or her legs and arms jerking on their short
chains.

Bess looked up, alarmed, "Scotty, hold her head still, we don't want her to hurt
herself." The muscular young man leaned on the end of the bench and cradled
Pam's head in his arms, holding it lovingly, but firmly. Just as he got hold of
the blond head the vacuum cycled back on and Pam's body went rigid.

Behind the dark mask Pam's eyes rolled up in her skull, the stimulation was too
much, and orgasm after orgasm began to wash over her. She felt as if somebody
had crawled into her body and was pushing the button on every erogenous nerve
ending she had.

Jake smiled down on the writhing housewife and noted that beads of sweat had
already begun popping out all over her body. The machines had only been working
for a minute or so he could imagine her after many long minutes of this sweet
torture.  He took Bess' hand and with one last look back at Scotty holding his
friend's head, trying to comfort her, he laughed and said, "Scotty, she wants
all those things you can't give her, besides she is already too far gone to hear
you.  We will be back after a while, don't touch anything and don't let anybody
interfere with her... ummm... pleasure."

Leading Bess by the hand he headed for a dark corner to take care of his
promise. Bess would get him good and ready for Pam. In that time Pam would be
ready to do anything.  "This was indeed a night to remember," Jake thought to
himself, "he was going to take that sexy housewife for himself tonight. He would
make her his and he didn't give a shit about hubby, kids or Bess.  They could
have her back when he was done with her, that would probably be in a year or
two. Well by then they could have back what was left of her."

In the dark, on a blanket thrown on the floor, Jake unbuckled his pants and let
them drop to his ankles. "Bess look what I have for you," and he placed her hand
on his tumescent cock. "Are you ready to ride this again?"  Bess giggled and
began stripping off her clothes, "Yeah, Jake, let's do it. Watching you play
with Pet and order that muscle bound fag of yours around has made me hot."

Jake laid back on the blanket. He would let Bess ride him. He knew she liked to
be on top. In the dark he felt her hand grasp his cock and her tight wet quim
soon settled over his large throbbing prick.  He would have to control himself.
He wanted to save all his cum for the housewife squirming under the spotlight.
"Yes," he thought as Bess began moving up and down over him, "he would be taking
Pam home with him tonight.  She would make an excellent ornament at his
apartment."  Bess grunted in pleasure above him. "He would make a trade and give
Scotty to Bess as a kind of compensation for the loss of her Pet. I can't have
Scotty around if Pam is with me, they like each other too much and might give
each other ideas." He knew what he would do, "he was bored with the muscleboy
anyway.  He and his more perverse friends could have a lot more fun with Pam
anyway."

Twenty minutes later a naked Jake and Bess worked their way through the crowd to
the bench where they had left Pam.  Bess was satiated and Jake's hard cock was
throbbing, still waiting for it's first release of the night.

An appreciative crowd, even after all this time, still watched a now limp Pam.
The crowd knew the sensations that had overcome her. Despite the continued tit
stimulation and the still squirming dildo in her pussy Pam was no longer
physically reacting to what was happening to her. Although her mind still felt
all of the incredible sensations, she was floating in a void. A void of pure
sexual sensation. Her body was bathed in sweat, and despite the continued
whispered endearments from Scotty who still cradled her head, the housewife was
unaware of anything around her.

Jake and Bess made it through the crowd. Jake immediately turned off the vacuum
but left the battery powered dildo on. Pam's body relaxed a little more. Scotty
gently laid his friend's head on the bench and stood up awaiting Jake's
instructions.

"Take the tit cones, mask and ball gag off of her," Jake ordered the young man.

Scotty quickly complied, but was very gentle with his friend. As he carefully
pulled the rubber ball gag from Pam's mouth the housewife emitted a series of
low moans.

As the funnels came off Pam's tits with a pop, Bess was amazed.  Both of the now
exposed and floppy tits were very pink. Jake had been right, they were still
huge, much larger than their normal impressive size, even without being attached
to the machine. Jake's sucking contraption had accomplished what Bess had tried
to do with exercise and elastic bands.

Jake had Bess stand between Pam's still restrained and spread legs. Then he
asked, "Scotty how many times did she cum?" Scotty didn't respond instead he
glared at Jake. Raising his voice Jake demanded, "well guess, 4, 5, 8, more?"

Scotty responded in thinly disguised anger, "More... I guess."

Jake turned to Bess and said, "Watch this." Both the crowd and Bess leaned
forward as Jake reached under Pam's sweat soaked buttocks, found the end of the
duct tape and unceremoniously ripped it from Pam's groin.

The tape pulled away from Pam's ass up her pussy lips, ripping out by the roots
what little pubic hair remained above her slit, making her completely hairless.
Pam gave a sharp jerk to her restraints at the pain of the hair being pulled
out. Jake dropped the used duct tape to the floor where two skinny male subs
fought over it, to the amusement of the crowd. The winner in the tape tug of war
immediately began to lick the area of the tape covered with Pam's brown cunt
hair.

Despite the comical action of the two men on their knees, cocks bobbing, one
with a large dildo protruding from his asshole, the better show was between the
housewife's legs. A steady stream of clear liquid was running out between Pam's
legs. Her multiple orgasms had caused her female ejaculate to build up behind
the taped shut labia. Now the flood gates were literally opened. It seemed that
the flow of female fluid would never end. But soon the fuck juice only came in
spurts. "Could the housewife still be cumming?" was the question on everyone's
mind. But the reason for the spurting action soon became evident as the tip of
the rubber dildo made its appearance.  As the cylinder moved forward it pushed
more of the female cum ahead of it.  Finally, it poked out slightly from between
Pam's pussy lips the dildo head (or tail) swung from side to side.  The head
withdrew behind puffy pink flesh before emerging again a little further. It
looked like the head of a snake looking to see if the 'coast was clear'. More
and more of the dildo wormed its way out of the delightful fuck hole until it
was free and lay on the soaked bench between Pam's glistening thighs. The
invader was still vibrating and gesticulating.  Jake leaned over and clicked the
switch on the battery pack off.

After a moment awed silence, Bess simply said, "Wow." The crowd surrounding the
housewife began to clap and cheer, talking among themselves about the beautiful
newcomer's ability to absorb stimulation.

Jake said curtly, "Unchain her Scotty, then give her some fluids, she must be
dehydrated from sweating and cumming." Jake handed the busy young man a large
clear bottle of what Bess assumed was cool water. Once Pam was released Scotty
slid her to the floor and cradled her head in his lap, holding the bottle to
Pam's lips. The housewife drank as if she were parched. Quickly almost the
entire bottle was empty, sucked down by recovering Pet. Jake smiled and turned
to Bess, "I'll give her a few minutes to recover then it's my turn with the
slut," He stroked his strong hand up and down his cock several times to
punctuate his statement.  "Bess I'm sure we could borrow somebody's sub for you
to play with while you watch me with her."

Bess smiled, "That would be nice. Which one is the best pussy eater?"  Jake
motioned to two men, one in leather pants and vest, the other wearing only a
small leather thong, with a pouch that barely contained his cock and balls. The
thong man had a collar around his neck and was being led on a leash by the
bigger mean looking leather man.

"Hans, come over here," Jake called. As the big man approached he pulled the
terrified sub with a hard jerk of the leash. "Ya, Jake," he replied in a heavy
accent.

"Let me borrow your boy for a while, I want him to eat some pussy for me."

"What's in it for me, Jake? I was getting ready to bugger him," the man
questioned.

"You can have second crack at my new bitch over there on the floor."

The dom gave the prone Pam an appraising eye and then agreed with a nod of his
head.

He handed the leash to Bess. She was thrilled at the prospect of being eaten
while she watched Jake abuse Pam.  But the excitement of the evening was
tempered by Jake calling Pam his 'new bitch'. Jake's attitude towards her Pet
caused Bess some concern.

The troublesome thought was quickly forgotten as Jake found a pile of blankets
and pillows for Bess to recline on. The thong wearing sub was kneeling at her
feet as she held his leash tightly.

Jake gave Bess a bottle of water like he had given Pam before he turned his
attention back to the still recovering housewife and Scotty. As he turned he
said, "Watch me give this slut housewife a real workout Bess."  Bess grinned,
took a sip of the cool water and jerked the leash hard causing the collared sub
to lose his balance and fall between her outstretched legs.

Scotty had found a damp cloth and had bathed Pam's face, neck and upper body.
Wiping her down had removed whatever make-up still remained after her hard
sweating workout The water had also replenished her and helped her recover. The
young man looked down at Pam and felt that she was strong enough to finally sit
up. He held her shoulders and was soon sitting beside his friend. They were
sitting Indian style next to each other. Pam drained the last of the bottled
water.

Scotty looked at her with real love in his eyes. Her blond hair was still
plastered against her head with sweat. But without make-up and with her
childlike bald pussy staring him in the face she looked like an innocent in the
den of hell. All manner of sexual acts were taking place around them and yet
Scotty felt as if he were sitting with a naive friend and comforting her. Only
Pam's now almost cartoonish tits and pink puffy pussy lips ruined the image in
his mind of a vulnerable little girl.

"Ahh, good Scotty, you have her ready for me," Jake's voice boomed behind the
sitting couple. The tender moment was lost and the young man knew that all he
had done was prepare his friend for more debasement at the hands of Jake and
whomever he wanted to share this precious woman with.

Jake reached over Pam's shoulders and ran his hands across her still inflated
breasts. They were so sensitive that the housewife nearly doubled over and
moaned loudly.  Scotty's heart broke. Jake would make her into his 'fuck toy' he
knew. He had seen it happen to others and it had happened to him.

Jake reached under Pam's arms and pulled her to her feet. The housewife stood
unsteadily, still wearing her high heels, and leaned against him. He was all
strength and coursing sexuality. His hard cock press against her side, so hard
and hot that Pam felt that it would burn her skin.

Seeing her react to the touch of his penis Jake said, "that's what you want
isn't it?"

Pam could only nod her head.

"It's what you were made for you know, riding my cock is all you will ever need
to think about from now on. That's a good idea, if I don't say so myself, you
are my cock ornament. Just like on the front of a car. Something to look pretty
on the end of my cock." Jake made himself laugh. Grasping Pam firmly by the
waist he added, "come on 'cock ornament', time for you to get in your proper
place."

Jake easily lifted the housewife into the air with his powerful arms and moving
between her legs, hugged her to his body.

"Reach down, you know where to put it."

Pam, in what was becoming second nature, reached down and grabbed the jutting
cock. "God," she thought, "it is so big and wonderful." She held the cock at her
wet and ready opening and waited for Jake to lower her into bliss. She didn't
have to wait long.  As she slid down his body she wrapped her legs around his
waist and interlocked her high heeled shoes in the small of his back. His cock
slid easily into her gaping maw. The Jumping Bean dildo had opened her up and
Jake's cock slipped in with none of the resistance of the earlier fucks.

She settled all the way down. With her legs around his waist and groin hung up
on his cock, Pam easily stayed in place. Jake only had to keep one of his strong
arms wrapped behind her back. She was firmly planted. Jake now began to walk
around the room. In his booming voice he greeted people. In some cases he shook
hands and high fived friends with his free hand.  He wanted everyone to see his
new "cock ornament."

For her part Pam enjoyed the bouncing up and down on this strong man's cock as
she was carried around the room like a rag doll. Her breasts were still immense
although they had begun to shrink slightly. They were still ultra sensitive and
as their wobbling caused Pam to moan and her pussy to contract around the
marvelous fuck stick so deeply embedded in her.

Bess laid back on the blankets as Pet was carried away, the sub between her legs
was beginning to get a rhythm with his tongue and for some reason she was
feeling a little light-headed. But that tongue felt wonderful as it wormed its
way up and down her slit. "Harder," she moaned and jerked the leash in her hand.
She was rewarded with re-doubled efforts of tongue lapping between her tight
labia.





Acquisition 36/38  (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter

The liquid extasy that Jake had placed in all of the water bottles insured the
most intense sensations for his guests. Everything was magnified. The orgasms
were bigger, the bondage acts between people more lewd and outlandish. While
pain by those participating in the orgy of perversity was still felt, it was
either more intense or masked by the drug.  Jake had a large supply of Extasy
(as well as other drugs) and made quite a profit on the inexpensive drug when
the young crowd came to 'raves' at Milton's. Well there was no reason why others
shouldn't enjoy the intensity that was often wasted on the very young.

Pam was still being carried about the room on Jake's cock. The drug had begun to
affect her and she imagined herself flying through the air. In her mind a
missile that was lodged in her pussy was providing the thrust that carried her
higher and higher. In reality the missile was Jake's large cock. As Jake walked
around the room he approached the leather-clad dom who had lent his sub to Bess
as a cunt lapper.

"Ready for your turn?" Jake asked.

"Ya, I've been looking forward to it," the heavily accented man replied. "Is she
a good cocksucker?"

"The best, she has a sweet innocent mouth that loves to drink cum," Jake
replied. "I taught her myself."

Jake laid Pam on the wooden cross that had been occupied earlier by Mrs. Green,
the bankers wife. Mrs. Green had been carried off to a dark corner where she was
busy giving blow-jobs to anyone who walked by. At the same time her banker
husband thrust an impossibly large dildo into her pussy while he cursed her and
called her a "cheap cum-loving cocksucker."

Jake kept his cock moving steadily in and out of Pam's delicious feeling quim as
she writhed on the wooden beams. The other man approached the housewife's head.
The two men smiled at each other across Pam's naked body and Jake simply said,
"Open your mouth, slut."

A drugged and giggling Pam complied immediately. The dom, who had by now dropped
his pants, stuck his turgid cock into the open receptacle on the housewife's
innocent face. "Suck it," he hissed.

And she did. She was thrilled at the sensations of serving two hard cocks, from
two forceful men who wanted to use her.  Everything else in her life was
forgotten, Pam's only thoughts were of the pleasure she was receiving from the
two thrusting members... and of her desire to please....

Seeing the double team fuck in the center of the room, men began to line up
behind Jake and his partner at Pam's face. Several female doms even led their
male subs to the lines. Several other females stood in line wearing strap on
cocks. They had all seen the innocent housewife and had been waiting for this
opportunity. Pam wouldn't be getting up from the wooden cross for a long time.
She was going to be occupied steadily for the next hour or so.

Jake finally let loose with a large load of searing white jism. As his ejaculate
painted Pam's insides she momentarily removed the cock from her ovaled mouth and
asked, "Did I please you...?"

"Yes, very much, and you will please me more. You're mine now. You are going to
have a wonderful new life pleasing people." Jake withdrew his semi-flaccid
prick. "I'm going to tell Bess that you are staying with me from now on. You
stay here and keep doing what you do best. I want you to please all my friends."

Pam sucked the cock at her face back into her mouth. The alarm bells that were
going off deep in her sub-consciousness were drowned out by the sweet tasting
prick that was beginning to spew forth its stringy cum and the pressure of
another male organ against her puffy and painted labia. Once past those cunt
lips, the cock slid into her effortlessly, like fingers into a silk glove. The
line of men that started between Pam's legs and ended half-way across the large
room immediately inched forward. Nobody wanted to lose their place on the "Pam
Train".

Jake found Bess where he had left her, her strong muscular legs holding the sub
against her groin like a vise.  Jake kicked Bess' legs apart and the man fell
away, gasping for air, his face glistening with wetness.

"Ohhh what happened?" was Bess' only reply as the man scampered away and Jake
sat down next to her on the blanket. She looked up at Jake, smiled, and said
with a slurred voice, "you gonna fuck me some more?"

"No Bess. I just here to tell you to go on home. I'll have Scotty drive you."

"Owww, come-on, I'm having fun, let me get Pet and we'll....."

Jake cut her off, "No you won't. I'M KEEPING YOUR PET. I OWN HER NOW." The
forcefulness of his words shocked Bess and pulled her partially out of her
stupor.

"What the hell are you talking about, Jake!"

"Just what I said. I'm keeping her. You can have Scotty. I'm tired of him."

"Bullshit, Jake. I didn't spend all that time with her... training her...
breaking her in... to let you take her. Besides what about her family? She can't
stay with you. She has kids, a husband, a job."

"Like I said before, they can have her back when I get tired of her. In the
meantime, I like her and I am going to keep her."

Jake looked around the room. Spotting Scotty standing alone in a corner he waved
him over.

"Jake, NO. Listen..." For the first time, out loud to anyone else, Bess admitted
what she knew was true. "I love her, Jake. She's mine. I need her."

Jake laughed at the sentimentality of the now terrified Bess. She wasn't
terrified for herself. Jake knew that. He knew that Bess was one tough little
broad. But she had a weakness. That weakness was Pam and, apparently, Pam's
family.  Losing Pam was what terrified Bess. Jake didn't understand the concept.
He had friends but no family.  He would literally kill a friend if he saw some
advantage for himself in it. The man was a sociopath. A very powerful, and
engaging one, but an ego-centric sociopath none-the-less.  He would enjoy Pam
until he saw an advantage in giving her to someone else or until he got tired of
her. Usually, like with Scotty, his human property lasted from one to two years
depending...  He thought that Pam might be fun for at least that long- maybe
longer. She was so innocent yet so pliable. The only problem was her age. Jake
knew that a month with him and his demands would physically wear like a year on
the woman. Pam was pretty old, she might not last that long. His plans for her
would surely take their toll on the middle-aged wife. Unlike Scotty, she hadn't
lived on the streets. She had always had a very comfortable life. She wasn't
hardened or jaded yet. Of course that very fact was what made her so appealing
to him in the first place. That and her incredible capacity for all things
sensual.

Jake glanced over at the wooden cross. The lines were moving fairly quickly,
although they were still long.  More people were deciding to try out Jake's new
toy and were getting "on-line". "She has natural talent, no doubt about it,"
Jake thought. Men that usually had great staying power were lasting a very short
time before losing their loads into whatever orifice they had stuck themselves.
"God she was sexy," Jake smiled to himself. "And now she was his to play with
however he wanted."

Scotty arrived, standing next to Bess and Jake. "Scotty, take Bess home. And by
the way, don't bother coming back to the apartment. I don't want you around
anymore. If you are nice to Bess, maybe she will take you in."

Scotty wasn't surprised by Jake's comments. Jake had thrown him out before and,
frankly, he was ready to move on anyway.  Maybe he could stay with Bess. That
way he would be able to see a lot of his friend Pam.  At least that was what he
thought until he heard Bess say, "No, Jake! I won't let you destroy her and her
family." Then, desperately trying to compromise with him she added, "Look, you
can see her at my place, but she can't just walk away from her life. Please
Jake, don't do this..."

With a smug attitude Jake stood up; looking down on the prone woman he sneered,
"Me! Look at you Bess. Laying naked on the floor begging me. Shit! I thought you
were like me, strong. But you are just a weakling like everyone else. I won this
one Bess, maybe you will win the next, but have some fucking pride and some
balls. She's mine now and there is nothing you can do about it."

Bess was now alert, and mad. She jumped to her feet and made a motion as if she
were going to kick Jake. He smoothly stepped aside, avoiding the kick and
punched the diminutive woman square on the jaw. Bess crumpled to the floor
unconscious.

Jake sneered at Scotty, "Get her clothes and get her out of here, I don't want
to see either one of you ever again." Jake looked at the small crowd that had
gathered to watch the altercation. He screamed at them, "NOBODY FUCKS WITH ME! I
ALWAYS GET WHAT I WANT."  He stood tall, like the 'king of the hill', letting
everyone see him.  He was like an ape in the middle of his domain beating his
chest, challenging everyone. And everyone acknowledged him, out of both envy and
fear. In a sense, bowing and admitting his superiority. Jake loved it. The power
he had over all of them. The were all weak, only he was strong. Standing glaring
around the room, his cock got hard.

Despite the little melodrama played out by Jake and Bess, the activity on the
cross in the middle of the room continued. The line at Pam's head and the line
between her legs continued to inch forward.

Two women were carried out of Milton's late that night.

After getting some of her clothes on and finding her purse, Scotty carried Bess
to her car. She woke up in the passenger seat as Scotty pulled the car into her
driveway. In the living room both Scotty and Bess cried, then got mad, then
began to plot. Scotty was a wonderful servant for Bess and his natural
submissiveness empowered and emboldened Bess. Scotty jumped to her every
command. The muscular young man was soon scurrying about the house getting her
aspirin for her headache and ice packs for the large darkening bruise on her
jaw.

When it became clear that the lines of people fucking Pam were never going to
end until the night was over, Jake picked her up and left. Those still waiting
their turn groaned, but everyone knew better than to challenge him.  Jake simply
carried Pam out of the club naked. She hung like a rag doll over his shoulder.

At the front door of the club Jake tossed his car keys to the large black
bouncer and had him bring his expensive BMW around front. He dumped Pam into the
back seat and had the man drive him and Pam to his condo. He smiled to himself,
"I'm taking her to her new home."

His good feelings lasted only a moment. He cursed when he saw that the leftovers
of Pam's gang-bang had soiled his clothes. At the condo he told the bouncer to
carry his new prize upstairs. The bouncer did with relish, taking every
opportunity to explore the housewife's body with his hands.

Once inside the large condo Jake had the large black bouncer carry Pam right
into the shower. "Wash her off," Jake ordered and he went to change out of his
own clothes. Not wanting to miss an opportunity like this, the coal black
bodybuilder stripped off his own clothes and crushed Pam's naked body to his as
the water cascaded over them both. The housewife was still flying high from the
sensations of being utterly used and the drugs that had heightened her
responses. Soon, however the cool water of the shower was reviving Pam and she
was able to stand on her own. As her head began to clear, she became aware of
strong hands squeezing her tits. One of the hands slid around her and cupped her
ass. Pam lifted a hand to her face and wiping the water from her eyes finally
saw the huge black man that was washing her.

At that moment Jake appeared. He was now naked as well and climbed into the
large shower with the black and white bodies. "Are you clean yet Pam?" he asked.

Now panicked and dwarfed by the two large men Pam was only able to nod her head.

"Good, I feel like making a sandwich. A Pam sandwich." Both Jake and the black
body builder laughed at the stupid joke. A disoriented Pam was frightened. Where
was she? Where was Bess? What had happened to her? She could remember snatches
of the evening. Was it still the same day? She remembered dinner. Going to a
hotel room with three different men. Being tied down, and almost constant
stimulation. She could recall cocks. Short ones, long ones, fat ones, even
rubber ones. She couldn't get the visions of endless male genitalia out of her
mind. Even though her eyes were once again squeezed tightly shut, all she could
see was cocks. Despite her fear and confusion Pam became aware of two penises
rubbing against her.  When Jake and the black man began to caress and stroke the
housewife, her knees became weak. But the men held her up and despite her fear,
her disorientation, and her lack of reference to anything real in her life, she
instinctively grasped a hard cock in each of her hands.

"Can't get enough, can you, slut?" Jake growled.

The only response from Pam was her soapy but feminine hands moving up and down
the length of each hard, jutting member.

As the men carried Pam from the shower, Jake in a gesture of magnanimity, asked
his employee, "You want her cunt, mouth or asshole first?"



Acquisition 37/38  (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter

It took the rest of the night for Bess to overcome her outrage and shock at
losing Pam. Scotty was very familiar with Jake's methods and knew that Pam was
gone for good. He felt a deep sense of loss.  Never again would he enjoy the
company of the older woman. He had truly cherished his time with her. Working
out together, showering, giggling, all those feelings that they both had. Those
feelings that tied them together despite the age and family situation
differences.

Scotty was also very mad at Bess. "It's your fault," he cried to the woman.

"Shut the fuck up," Bess retorted, "You don't know what the hell you're talking
about."

Scotty just hung his head and cried. He knew what faced the beautiful housewife.
He had been able to survive it, even enjoy much of it, but he had spent a lot of
his life on the streets. He was hardened. Pam was an innocent. Scotty just hoped
that her natural submissiveness and obvious desire to be used would help her
'please' Jake and survive.

Bess had another concern. Early in the morning Pam's daughters called wanting to
speak to their mom. They had spent the night with a sitter at home, but their
Dad, Bill, had called twice. He had been looking to talk with his wife and was
going to call again in the afternoon. Bess simply told the girls that their mom
wasn't feeling well and was still sleeping. They wanted to come across the yards
to see her, but Bess hastily and forcefully forbade it.

How could she tell those two precious young girls that their mom was gone? That
their mom was being fucked, paddled and who knew what else. How could she tell
them that, when and if, they saw their mom again she would be a very different
person. It was at that moment that Bess knew Scotty was right. It WAS her fault!
She had brought out the submissive and the slut side of her neighbor. She had
made Pam look so desirable.  She had done it for her own enjoyment, for
something to do. To have someone 'SHE' could call her own. And in controlling
Pam for her own enjoyment she had destroyed her, and her family.

Bess cried again, hating herself for caring so much for Pam and for showing
weakness. She vowed that if she could undo this she would make sure that Pam was
once again safe with her family, and she would not continue to take her neighbor
deeper and deeper into the depravity that she had introduced the wife and mother
to. She would set Pam free.

Setting Pam free was dangerous as well. A strong man or woman who recognized the
need in Pam might be able to take her away again. Well that didn't matter now,
Bess had to do something and she needed to do it quickly, before Pam's family
found out.

At that moment there was a loud knocking at the back door. "Shit," Bess thought,
"just what I need right now, Clyde Odom and his geriatric perverts."

Bess answered the door and of course Clyde asked, "Can Mrs. Henderson can come
out to the patio and play?"

Bess was still highly agitated and hadn't slept all night. Almost in tears, she
told the old men to "go away, Pet isn't here," slamming the door in their
surprised faces.

Realizing what bad shape she was in, Bess went to her room to shower and try to
get control of herself and the situation. She had to think of something.

Thirty minutes later, showered, refreshed and dressed in workout clothes, Bess
came back to the living room and found a glum Scotty sitting silently. The
athletic shoes, shorts and tight running shirt always made Bess feel better and
empowered. Feeling her strength, she grabbed Scotty by the arm and said, "we are
going to go get Pet. I'll kick that son-of-a-bitch's ass if I have to."

"He won't let us in," was Scotty's defeated reply.

"Look, I'll gather some of Pet's things and we can say that we are bringing them
to her and that you need to get your clothes. That way Jake will think that we
have accepted the swap of you for Pet and let us in."

Scotty looked unconvinced but the 'odd' couple had soon packed a cardboard box
with some of the clothes that Bess had bought for Pam. Bought at a happier time,
a time when Bess was exploring the housewife's limits.

Bess also dug out an old hunting knife in a leather sheath that her husband had
left. She strapped it around her waist, hiding it under her shorts. The cool
leather against her skin made her feel even more powerful. "She'd cut Jake's
cock off if she had to," she thought, rubbing the sore spot on her jaw where he
had hit her.

In a few minutes Bess and Scotty found them outside Jake's condo. The Saturday
morning traffic had been light and they made good time. Scotty had to warn an
anxious Bess several times to slow down to avoid getting a speeding ticket.

At the front door intercom it was decided that Bess would talk and explain their
presence. They had to get buzzed in or Pam was lost.

"What the fuck do you want, Bess? You are interrupting my work-out"

"Look Jake, I have some of Pam's things here and Scotty needs some clothes."

"I don't give a shit about Scotty, and quite frankly Pam won't need any clothes
anyway."

"What the hell...."

"Bess the only things Pam will be wearing is some nice surgical post jewelry
that won't come off, and my name tattooed on her ass."

In a panic, hearing about permanent changes in the housewife's body, Bess fought
to control her voice and said, "Well, she needs her toothbrush and birth control
pills. Or are you planning to have a lot of little bastards like you running
around?"

The intercom was silent for a moment, then the buzzer on the door-lock sounded
and they were in.

Bess and Scotty stood outside the condo door. Bess touched the knife at her side
for reassurance, while Scotty, holding the box, nervously shifted back and forth
on his feet. If it were not for the fact that Pam was inside, he never would
have faced the ire of Jake.

The door swung open and a towering, glistening Jake stood naked. His hard penis
was jutting out towards them. "Make it quick you two, I'm in the middle of my
lifting routine."

He stood to the side and permitted the two to enter. Bess actually had to step
to the side to keep from rubbing up against the magnificent piece of man meat
that stood parallel to the floor.  Jake sneered at Bess as she passed, "Like
what you see? Maybe you can come back another time Bess. You, Pam and I can have
another threesome."

Entering the room, Bess spotted Pam in the weightroom. She was on her side on a
mat, naked. Her upper body propped up on one elbow. Those fabulous tits hanging
beautifully, her hip swelling upwards. "God, she is beautiful," Bess thought, as
the sight of the housewife made her stomach flutter in joy.  Bess inspected Pam
as best she could at a distance. "Thank God no marks or piercings yet, only a
black leather dog collar around her neck and a leash that hung from her neck and
had been dropped to the floor," Bess thought.

Bess and Scotty pretended that they were heading towards Scotty's room while
Jake went back to the weightroom, scooped up Pam's leash and jerked it hard.
Pulling his prize towards a weightbench the housewife scrambled on all fours
toward where Jake had sat down. Her large, red tipped breasts swung back and
forth as she crawled and her buttocks rolled seductively. Bess noticed that what
looked like a large dildo was partially protruding from the hairless cunt lips
and that there were several red welts raised on the beautiful ass.

"You son-of-a-bitch Jake," Bess screamed. "What have you done to her?"

Jake grinned and reeled-in the leash until Pam's face was buried in his crotch.
"Not much, YET!"

Jake looked down at his groin and said, "Oh yeah, baby! That's right, all the
way to the back of your throat.  Yeah! Keep that up and I'll give you a little
present." Bess watched as Pam's head began to bob up and down. "Christ," Bess
thought, "Pet is so far gone she doesn't even know I'm here."

The dam broke in Bess.  Using her athlete's speed she crossed the room before
Jake could react. In a fraction of a second Jake felt the edge of a knife at his
throat. Bess and Jake both froze afraid to move. Jake because he could feel the
sharp edge at his juggler vein and Bess in fear that she was so mad that she
might actually cut him.

The bobbing and slurping of Pam's mouth was the only sound or movement in the
frozen tableau.

Finally Bess hissed, "I'm taking her back, Jake."

"Bullshit," was Jake's reply in false bravado, but his cock was wilting in Pam's
sucking mouth.

"I'm taking her to her family."

Not wanting to show weakness, Jake calmly commented, "why don't you bring her
family here? I can break in her daughters. I'm sure once they see how much Mom
enjoys being gang-banged that they will want to join right in." Jake's
unconcerned demeanor was calculated to confuse Bess. And it did, just for a
moment. Long enough for an unseen Rufus, the black bouncer, to sneak up behind
Bess and grab her knife holding arm.

Jake hopped up, his cock springing from Pam's mouth with a pop. He took the
knife away from Bess and laughed, "I always win, Bess. Now get the fuck out of
here and take that wuss with you," pointing to a cowering Scotty. Turning to
Rufus he said, "Good job, I reward people who help me." Jake pointed to the
bench that he had been sitting on and handed Rufus the leash to Pam's collar. In
moments Rufus was reclining on the bench and his coal black cock slid into the
warm wetness of Pam's ovaled lips.

"See Bess, that's what she is made for, but you know that, don't you.  I must
admit, you turned her out good. Since I brought her home last night she has been
going at it non-stop.  I never met a middle-aged broad that loves to fuck and
suck as much as she does."

"Won't you let her rest?" Bess asked balefully.

"She can rest when I'm working, other than that, she will be entertaining a lot
for me." Then with and evil smirk, "and Bess, most of my friends and business
associates are not as gentle as Rufus here. So take a last look at her, because
when I send her back to you and her family in a year or two, you won't recognize
her."

The large black man's hips rose from the bench, muscles flexing. The room was
filled with the sound of Pam's gulping the jism that poured into her mouth from
the ejaculating prick.

At that moment Jake became aware of more people bursting into the room. "Shit,"
Bess cried, what the fuck were Odom and his cronies doing here?

"What the..." Jake exclaimed. Then he noticed the barrel of the .357 magnum,
pointed by a bony hand right at his stomach.

Clyde Odom said, "Bess get Mrs. Henderson out of here. NOW! The real police are
on their way."

The old man holding the gun said, "Hey Clyde, I'm real police...retired."

"Yeah," Clyde retorted, "and I'm glad you still have some friends on the force,
and that they gave you your gun at your retirement party." Turning to Bess, "Go
on, you get out of here."

Bess still incredulous said, "How.."

"We followed you. We knew something was wrong this morning. Hell, we almost lost
you a couple of times, but fortunately you slowed down."

Scotty smiled at that comment.

Bess asked, "how did you get in?"

"Old police trick. We rang all the bells until somebody buzzed us in. And this
fool," pointing to Jake, "left his apartment door open.  No more talk. GO."

Jake sneered at the three old men. "You won't shoot me. Get the hell out of my
home." A loud retort rang out and splinters of hardwood floor kicked up at
Jake's feet.

The gunshot mobilized Bess and Scotty. They pulled Pam to her feet and hastily
wrapped her in a blanket. As they ran out the door, Odom called out, "Just go
home, don't say a word to anyone."

Rufus scrambled to his feet, "Hey man, I was just visiting..."

Odom cut him off, "Go on you bastard, get out. But if I ever see your face
anywhere around those two women again, I'll have my friend blow your prick off."

"Yesss Sir," replied Rufus as he ran out the door struggling into his pants.

Turning to Jake, Odom said, "Now we wait."  He heard sirens in the distance and
added, "but not too long."

Scotty bundled Pam into the back seat of Bess' car and held her tenderly. The
housewife was still out of it. He gently wiped Rufus's cum from the corner of
her mouth. Bess accelerated away from the building just as two police cars
pulled up.

Bess was still shaking from both fear and excitement as she pulled into her
driveway. She had won! She had both Pam and Scotty in the back of her car. She
didn't know what would happen in the future, but right now she was energized
with her victory.  She and Scotty led Pam into the house and right upstairs to
the shower. They paused only long enough for Bess to pull an impossibly long
dildo from Pam's pussy. After being scrubbed and washed thoroughly, an exhausted
Pam, who was just beginning to become coherent, was put in Bess's bed. Scotty
put some salve on the housewife's welts. They found that the skin had been
broken in several places, but it didn't look like there would be any scarring.
Pam's face was drawn. She was exhausted and for the first time Bess noticed how
haggard her neighbor looked. After gently inspecting several bruises and Pam's
well used pussy and asshole to insure that no permanent damage had been done,
Bess pulled the drapes and darkened the room to the late morning sun. Pam and
Scotty quietly slipped from the room, leaving Pam breathing softly in a deep
sleep. They were sitting downstairs when Odom and one of his friends showed-up.

Excitedly, Odom told them of what had happened. The retired cop had stayed with
the police for 'damage control' purposes.  Clyde embellished the story, but
essentially the police had shown up at the request of a retired officer who felt
that "something was going on" at Jake's condo. Possibly drug dealing. The three
old men, led by the ex-cop, told the police that they had seen Jake selling
drugs and that they had been attacked by the man when they tried to stop him.
The story allowed the police to search the apartment and sufficient quantities
of various drugs had been found for an arrest for drug dealing to be made. Jake
hadn't said much and the ex-cop warned his fellow officers that Jake might make
up some wild stories about women and sex to try and get out of trouble. The
three old senior citizens all swore that there was nothing to it. Jake was smart
enough to keep his mouth shut and call his lawyer. He knew that three leading
citizens would be believed over him. Bess and Scotty really enjoyed hearing
about how Jake was led away in handcuffs.

The men asked where Pam was. Bess told them that she was in pretty bad shape and
needed a long rest. Surprisingly, Clyde Odom showed real concern about his
neighbor and said to call if he could help.

After lunch, Pam's daughters appeared at the house looking for their mother. Pam
had slept for a couple of hours so Bess woke her and took her some hot soup. Pam
was now revived enough to make the walk back to her house. Bess wrapped her in a
blanket and, after telling the girls that their Mom was sick from food
poisoning, walked the three Henderson women home.

Bess paid off the baby-sitter from her own pocket and stayed at Pam's bedside
for the rest of the afternoon. The girls talked to their dad when he called,
assuring him that Mom was sick but OK.  They also told Bill that "Aunt Bess" was
there and taking care of them.  Bill decided that he could finish his business
with such a good friend as Bess looking after his family and told his daughters
that he would see them the next afternoon.

By dinnertime Pam had recovered enough to get dressed and come downstairs to see
her kids. The housewife was very sore and walked about gingerly. Bess fixed the
family dinner which they all ate ravenously.  Sitting at the kitchen table after
the girls had gone to watch TV, Bess apologized to Pam for the first time in her
life.

"Pet, let me talk to you for a minute," Bess said in hushed tones. Pam responded
"Yes, Miss Bess," and looked across the table expectantly. Bess couldn't help
but notice the lines on Pam's face. "She is still the worse for wear," Bess
thought, "thank God I got her away from Jake. She wouldn't have lasted long
under his never-ending abuse." Bess realized that Jake had been right about one
thing. She had "turned out" the housewife and now she needed to return her to
her family. Bess couldn't play God with the Henderson family anymore.

"Pet, you almost lost everything this weekend and it is my fault. You trusted me
to take care of you and I let you down."

Pam had a confused look on her face. She knew that things had gone way beyond
anything she expected, but the submissive innocent in her naturally took all the
blame and responsibility for failure on herself.

"I'll do better, Miss Bess. I'm sorry I let you down..."

"Hush Pet, you didn't let me down. You are wonderful and I don't deserve you.
You need to take care of your family now. While I hope we are still friends, you
need to be your own person again. You need to be a full-time wife and mother."

Bess reached over to Pam and took the "PET" ring from her finger. Digging in her
purse, Bess retrieved Pam's wedding ring and slipped it back onto the
housewife's finger.

"Miss Bess..." Pam exclaimed with a tear in her eye.

"Just Bess now Pam, OK?" She leaned over and gave Pam a peck on the cheek and
stood up to leave.

"Miss Bess... I mean Bess... Thank You!"

With a nod and a soft sob, Bess left the house. As she approached her own home
she pulled herself together and thought, "well now what am I going to do with
Scotty?"




Acquisition 38/38  (BDSM, NC, VOY, HUM, FF, M+/F)
by Headhunter

Bill got home the next day and life for the Hendersons returned to normal. The
week progressed. During the day, both at home and school, Pam found that she
missed the pressure of being filled by dildos that kept her sexually on edge. By
mid-week Pam's soreness was mostly gone and she made love to her husband. Bill
was surprised at Pam's completely shaved pussy. Pam simply said that she went a
little crazy when she shaved her legs. Bill rose to the occasion by saying he
liked it, and the couple had one of their more inspired lovemaking sessions. Pam
knew that her cunt channel was still a bit loose from the weekend's activity,
but she kept flexing the muscles in her vagina and Bill didn't notice a thing,
except to complement his wife on the way she "milked him."

By the end of the week Pam had fully recovered from her "adventure". She had
stopped thinking of it as an "ordeal". But something was very wrong. Pam wasn't
happy, in fact she was miserable. It wasn't just her pussy and ass that felt
empty. She felt somehow empty. To make matters worse, when she got on her
bathroom scale on Friday after school, she had put on 2 pounds.

She knew what the problem was; she missed "Miss Bess." She was, simply,
miserable.

Bess had stayed away all week and Pam had avoided the backyard or even looking
out the back windows. Now she knew what she must do. She was a different person,
she had changed, she couldn't give up her new life anymore than she could give
up her life with Bill and the girls. She knew this to the core of her soul. Pam
made a decision and with purposeful strides she exited the backdoor and headed
across the yards.

Half-way to the enclosed patio Clyde Odom, who was working in his backyard, saw
Mrs. Henderson. He quickly made a bee-line to intercept her at the patio gate.

"Mrs. Henderson, I am so glad to SEE you," he said in his usual smug tone.

Pam stopped at the back door and began to remove her clothes. Odom let the gate
shut behind him as he stepped onto the patio. He watched Pam expectantly. When
Pam was completely naked she walked up to the old man. They looked into each
others eyes for a moment. An understanding flashing between them. Odom's face
softened momentarily and Pam could see a different old man, just for a second. 
Then the dirty old man was back and he said, "nice tits, Mrs. Henderson."

Pam smiled for a second then retreating to her usual role she blushed and
sarcastically replied, "Thanks Mr. Odom.  Oh, by-the-way, will you and your
perverted friends be playing cards this weekend?"

"We weren't planning on it, but now it might be worthwhile."

"Well I'm sure I will be seeing more of you then."

Pam turned and bouncing her body the way she knew drove Odom wild, she headed up
the steps. Before she entered she turned and quietly said, "Thank you," then
disappeared inside.

Once inside Pam could hear the sound of weights being lifted in the basement.
She quietly went upstairs to her room and was pleased to find her "PET" ring on
the make-up table. The housewife placed the symbol of possession on the ring
finger of her right hand.  She paused for a moment and looked at her hands. In
its proper place was her wedding ring.  On her other hand the "PET" ring shining
brightly.

In the basement, Bess and Scotty were busy with their work-out. Bess had let the
boy stay at the house. Old Clyde Odom had even set up some job interviews for
him with his business friends.

The two athletes were moving through their routine quickly and with Scotty's
help Bess was using more weight than ever.

They didn't notice Pam as she quietly descended the stairs. The housewife was a
little surprised that both Scotty and Bess were clothed. But that was all right,
Pam had found that she enjoyed being naked and on display when others were
clothed.  It was a reminder of her proper place.  Pam picked up the Ping-Pong
paddle from the table and stood, naked and trembling, in-front of a surprised
Bess and a widely grinning Scotty.

Mrs. Pam Henderson, housewife, mother and pre-school teacher humbly and in a
little girls voice said, "Miss Bess, your Pet has been bad. I put on some
weight."

She handed a stunned Bess the paddle and 'assumed the position' over a bench.

*****

Epilog

Two months had passed. Some things had changed and others remained the same.

Jake---

Prisoner #24235-63 was enjoying his morning blowjob, courtesy of the skinny 20
year-old who was his cellmate. His sentence for possession of drugs with intent
to distribute was 7 years. He would probably be paroled in 3. He could do his
time easily. Why not? He was getting more sex in prison than he did on the
outside.  Besides the weight room at the prison was one of the best he had ever
trained in and he had plenty of time to work out.

An added plus was that he learned quickly to befriend the new young white boys
when they were first put in the general prison population.  He always took their
anal cherry before he sold them to the black gangs to be pimped out. Nobody
dared mess with him. Business was booming and by the time Jake was released he
would have a tidy little nest-egg and be in the best shape of his life.



Rufus the Bouncer--

Rufus was glad to get away from those crazy old men with the gun. Since
"Milton's" was closed down by the police after Jake was arrested, he had to get
a new job. With his great build he was able to get a job as a trainer at a local
fitness gym. The gym even sponsored him in several body building competitions.
One of the perks was that he often did personal training for a number of bored,
white, rich, married women. The little taste of white pussy and cock-sucking
that Pam had given him had hooked him. More than one of the well-heeled female
clients at the gym ended their exercise sessions either riding or sucking his
ebony Johnson in the private room at the back of the gym. They tipped him real
well after he provided one of "his special exercise routines."



Clyde Odom and "the boys"---

The weekly card game on Bess' patio was now a regular event. Mrs. Henderson
didn't seem nearly as reticent to provide some entertainment for the 'boys'. 
She would fetch them drinks and let them rub sun-tan lotion on her fabulous
body. Even with this tacit approval by both Bess and Pam, Clyde realized that
the housewife always seemed to "get-off" more when the men treated her like an
unwilling participant. Bess seemed to enjoy watching them put Pam through some
mild humiliation as well. Often Bess would even quietly suggest things to Clyde
for Pam to do.

One of the most memorable had occurred just the other afternoon when Bess
suggested that Pam show the men her new aerobic routine. Bess and Pam had
started including a jazzercise component to their workouts. Bess had been
surprised that Pam had picked up the rhythm of the routine fairly quickly and
had been thinking about having "Pet" do some 'amateur' dancing. She just needed
to be careful about where. A roadhouse on the outskirts of the city showed real
promise and had an "amateur" night every Thursday. Bess would be very careful,
she was not going to take any chances with outsiders now that Pam was back in
her life.

At Bess' on-the-sly recommendation, Clyde had 'told' Mrs. Henderson that she
should give the card players a "table dance." Pam really was mortified at this
order. Dancing naked on the picnic table where the men sat, would mean that she
would be visible over the top of the privacy fence from the waist up. Any of the
neighbors who happened to be looking would be able to see her breasts bounce and
swing as she stepped, kicked and hopped to the jazzercize tape.

A stern look from "Miss Bess" and Pam wilted. With a fluttering in her stomach
she was helped to the table top by Clyde and the boys. She surveyed the
backyards from her elevated vantage point, thankful that the neighborhood was
quiet. But she didn't know if any eyes were watching from behind curtains. The
music started and Pam gave it her best, hoping that if she "entertained" well
that she would 'be allowed' down off the table top. The men sat on the picnic
table benches only inches from her kicking legs and gyrating hips.  Suddenly
what the housewife feared, happened.  She heard the slam of a screen door and
the noise of several voices as a group of teenagers began to play in one of the
yards.  The housewife immediately dropped into a squatting position so that she
was hidden below the top of the fence. As luck would have it her routine had her
facing the three men. And they were presented with an eye-level view of Pam's
shaved and noticeably wet pussy. In the act of squatting quickly to hide, Pam
had spread her knees and sat on her heels. She was wide open to the lustful
stares of the three 'old goats.'

Clyde chuckled evilly, "Now, Now Mrs. Henderson why aren't you still dancing.
Stand up and dance."

"I..I..can't..," was the nervous reply from a trembling and very frightened
housewife.

"Well you can't just squat there, after all we have been promised a show!"

"I can't stand...I.. There are children...Please, don't make me..."

"You just stay right there, I have an idea how you can make up for your refusal
to dance. Anyway, the boys are enjoying the view." Pam looked down and realized
that the three gray heads were leaning forward and were literally between her
knees. She flushed as she felt the men's hot breath on her bare vulva. These men
were looking at her pussy more closely than her gynecologist did.

Suddenly Pam felt something touch her buttock. She gasped and quickly looked at
the men. None of them were doing anything and Bess was sitting on the steps
watching with an amused look on her face. Who the hell was touching her ass? Pam
could see all of the men's hands except for one of Mr. Odom's, which was under
the table.  Glancing down between her legs Pam saw a large dildo appearing
through the umbrella hole in the middle of the picnic table. With a laugh Clyde
said, "You can stand up or keep squatting like that, your choice." When Pam
didn't move Odom adjusted his hand and lined up the dildo with the pink target
for a second 'attempt'.

Such were the games that "the boys" continued to play with their neighbor. Not
surprisingly, Bess' house won the yard of the month award all summer.



Scotty---

Scotty ended up staying at Bess'. He even got a job courtesy of Mr. Odom's
influence. He slept in "Pet's Room". The decor suited him fine. He worked out
regularly, did some chores for Bess, played basketball with Pam's daughters at
the park and often shared a meal with Bess. He always cooked when Bess and he
ate together. Bess ordered him to stay naked around the house, but he was used
to that from Jake.  He accepted Bess' authority without question, in fact it
made him comfortable.

His greatest joy was his friendship with the housewife.  Unfortunately they
didn't get to work-out together or see each other as much as he would like. 
Since school was out for the summer Pam was at Bess' during the day when Scotty
was working. Scotty did his exercising at night, after dinner. When they did
meet, Bess would give them some little jobs around the house to do, she loved
ordering the two of them around, both naked sometimes arms bound behind them,
playing "Naked Housewife and Naked Boarder on Parade."  If Bess was feeling
particularly bitchy she would have Scotty and Pam bend over a bench or the back
of a couch and paddle their asses until they were beet-red. Invariably during a
punishment session Pam and Scotty would secretly catch each other's gaze and
enjoy the painful discipline together sharing their camaraderie. Sometimes after
a paddling Bess would have the two masturbate for her. Laying side-by-side Bess
would make them hold off cumming for agonizing long minutes....until she finally
ordered, "Cum for me, my Pets." Pam would eagerly run a dildo in and out of her
pussy. It was a bit harder for Scotty, and sometimes Bess would have to paddle
him some more, before his jism spurted onto his muscular belly.

Bess' favorite activity for the two was their weekly 'shaving day.' This was
when Pam and Scotty would have to shave each others bodies. They didn't let Bess
know, but both Pam and Scotty enjoyed it as well. It wasn't sexual, just a
chance for the two of them to be close. They always giggled when Pam lifted
Scotty's soft penis to shave its tender underside, or when Scotty would tease
Pam about her pussy being so wet after the manipulation of the razor. They were
like two little puppies playing at the request of their owner.

Scotty was happier than he had ever been. He had even gotten to know the entire
Henderson family and enjoyed being a 'big brother' to the girls. And he felt
safe and cared for at Bess' house.



Bill Henderson---

After helping his wife recover from a nasty bout of food poisoning that she had
gotten from a dinner with their neighbor, things settled down into a routine for
the Hendersons.

Bill was enjoying a more energized and sexually active wife. He assumed that it
was the results of Pam, getting into shape, maybe part mid-life crisis. But his
wife was acting sexier than ever before. She was even keeping her pubic area
shaved. His wife was just so much more adventuresome in bed. They used to make
love once-a-week, now it was three or four times a week and they had even had
sex in the living room one night after the girls had gone to bed.  Pam was
regularly putting his penis in her mouth and once he had even accidentally had
an orgasm in her mouth. Pam acted like there was nothing to it.

Business was going very well. Mr. Odom down the street had even given him some
advice that had paid off for his company. He didn't know why the man was
interested in his career, but he would listen to the retired businessman's
advice anytime.

His daughters were having a good summer. Bess, his wife's best friend and their
back door neighbor, had taken in a boarder. It was a young man who, from the
looks of him, was obviously an athlete.  The young man and 'Aunt Bess' often
played in the park on the weekends with his girls.  Bill had never been much of
an athlete and from all reports his daughters had some talent at basketball and
softball.  Scotty, the young man occasionally baby-sat for the girls on nights
that he worked late.  When he had to work late, Pam would usually take that
opportunity to go out with Bess to watch a movie or eat dinner. He was pleased
that she was getting out some, but more pleased that she wanted to be home when
he was there. He knew he had a wonderful wife, she would only go out with her
friends when he wasn't home, how thoughtful of her.

Scotty even helped Bill move some heavy boxes from the attic. Bill was impressed
by the way Scotty easily lifted boxes. Boxes that he could hardly move.  The
muscular young man had suggested that Bill come over to Bess' basement to work
out with him in the evening. The same way that his wife worked out with Bess
during the day.  After all, look how good the work-outs had been for Pam. Bill
was seriously thinking about it, Scotty had even said that he would really like
to have another male around when he worked out.  When he told Scotty that he
didn't have any appropriate exercise clothes, the young man simply said that
that wasn't a problem.



Bess---

Life was wonderful. When Pam had come back to her house and offered herself up,
Bess had excitedly taken back the responsibility for her neighbor. But she
realized now that is was a very precious responsibility. She would use Pam, take
advantage of her, but never threaten the housewife's family life. That took some
juggling on Bess' part. It would become harder as the housewife was taken to
deeper levels of submission and both Bess and Pam looked for new experiences. 
Bess had to be very careful, but she knew that she could do it. Having someone
turn themselves over to you body and soul was such an invigorating yet humbling
experience.

Always being a bit of a loner Bess was now the center of attention for so many
people (thanks to her Pet). She was actually coming out of her shell and her
personality was much more pleasant. Clyde and the men were around a lot. Scotty
was staying with her, of course her Pet was devoted to her. She had even begun
to socialize with others, and the best part she had become a real part of the
Henderson family. The girls really were now considering her 'Aunt Bess'. She
felt that her influence on the girls was positive. She would never reveal the
true relationship she had with their mother and was always careful when she was
around the girls to be very respectful. But neither there mother or father had
very strong personalities. So Bess made sure that the girls had a strength of
character and a role model of a strong, forceful woman in their lives.  She also
got them involved in competitive athletics, to give them even greater self
confidence and strength.

But best of all were the evenings, once every couple of weeks, when she and Pam
went trolling for a good fuck. On nights that Bill worked late Bess would have
Scotty watch the girls and she and Pam would head out to a restaurant or club. 
It never took long for Pam to work her magic. Particularly as Pam's clothes had
become even more revealing.  On their nights out both women were soon in a motel
room having some of the best sex of their lives. Bess was careful about the men
that they went with, never more than two. Usually they each had their own 'date'
but on one occasion they had switched men after the initial fuck. That had been
fun.  Bess really wanted to set up another gang-bang for her Pet, but she was
worried about losing control again. So that would have to wait until sometime in
the future.  But when it happened...well.....



Pam---

She was easily able to keep her two lives separate. The only place her two
different existences met was in bed with her husband. She was bringing Bill
along slowly. She didn't want him to be shocked. But it was better than she
hoped for. Since she had become more open about her desires she found that Bill
was also becoming more 'interested' in trying new things. In fact they were have
the best sex of their married life.  She just wished Bill would be more forceful
with her, she needed him to dominate her. But if he couldn't, if he didn't have
that in him, at least she had 'Miss Bess.'

Her time with "Miss Bess" made her life complete... Pam would do anything for
her, and did... despite how guilty she sometimes felt, she would never refuse
her...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Headhunter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





