BDSM Library - The In-Laws




The In-Laws
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her boyfriend was so nice to her whole family that everyone agreed when he proposed to her. Later she found out what he wanted as return. Things got a bit heavy toward the end.
 This story should offend a few of you. It contains, enforced nudity, switching,
fucking, sucking, incest, pedo, public whipping and torture. I don't care
though. I love flame mail. At least I know you are paying attention
Loveya Allene




                   The In Laws

I was really glad when I was invited to join the cheerleading team. It seemed to
justify all those hours of aerobics to lose my baby fat and end up with my
36D,23,35 body.

Up until then I didn't get much respect since I was not too bright getting a lot
of D's and like I said on the chubby side. I hated to be called on in class
because I never knew the answer and was embarrassed by the snickers at my dumb
answers.

That all changed when I became a cheerleader especially since the school had
finally gotten up to the nineties and let us wear costumes like the professional
cheerleaders. The halter and low riding short skirt let us show off our flat
tummies and cute bellybuttons.

I think all girls who go into cheerleading are showoffs by nature and I was
certainly no exception. I loved the way guys stared.

You would think that I would have a lot of dates but I had started going with a
guy when I was still fat and the other boys assumed we were going steady and
never asked me out.

Then at a football game my whole life changed. I saw a man staring at me from
the grandstand and noticed he moved to the first row to get a better look. He
stood out like a sore thumb. Everyone was dressed casually but he was in a
beautiful three piece suit. He was older than me probably in his middle twenties
while I was only sixteen but he seemed to know I would be receptive.

After the game he came down on the field and said, "Fate works in mysterious
ways. I would never have come here if there were anything else to do in this
town. You are the loveliest girl I have ever seen and I would like to know you
better. Would you like to go somewhere for something to eat or drink?"

I was flattered. I thought he was gorgeous too but I told him that I had to get
on the team bus to get back home.

He said, "I would be honored to give you a ride home. It would give us a chance
to talk."

I told him I thought that would be all right if he would wait while I told the
girls I had another ride home.

He agreed and I told them I would be riding home with him. They were shocked
that I would want to ride home with a stranger especially someone so much older
than me but agreed he was really handsome. I was told to get his car license
number in case he tried anything which I promised to do.

He led me to a Mercedes convertible. I had never seen one up close before. We
had an old chevy and I was impressed. I asked him how he could afford such a
nice car and he told me that he had made good grades in law school and was given
a hiring bonus and a good salary.

From then on he just asked about me. Again I was flattered because the boys in
school only wanted to talk about themselves. Little by little he got my life
history icluding making me blush when he asked if I enjoyed showing off in my
skimpy uniform.

I told him it was a pretty standard uniform and certainly did not show as much
as Bikini bathing suits which I would never wear. I told him I was in
cheerleading to show my team spirit although I knew he saw right through me.

When we got home he didn't just drop me off at the curb like my boyfriend did.
He insisted on walking me to the door and meeting my parents.

Dad was not too impressed by him since he thought he was too old for me but he
won Mom over right away by telling her that seeing her made it obvious where I
got my good looks. Then he cemented it by later saying that one of his clients
was an upscale department store and that he could get a real discount on their
prices. Mom loved to shop at the store but never bought anything since the
prices were so much higher than Walmart. He said that he would stay over and
take us shopping the next day.

Mom and I could hardly believe it. Dad hated shopping and would usually just
drop us off at the Mall and have us call him at the bar when we were ready to go
home.

It turned out to be more than a discount. He said he had heard of a great
restaurant and wanted to take us there in style and insisted on buying us
dresses for the occasion.

The cocktail dresses he picked out were much more daring than we would have
bought with low necklines that showed a lot of cleavage. We were both blushing
when we came out of the dressing room to model them for him.

Mom said that we could not wear them because the little strings over the
shoulders and the bare back would show our bra's. He told us that the dresses
had built in bra's and no other bra was necessary. The sales girl agreed with
him so rather than look like hicks we said that they would be okay.

He bought us some high heeled pump shoes and insisted we wear them home so Dad
could see how lovely his wife and daughter were.

Mom said we may have to return them because Dad had never seen us in anything so
daring but he said he was sure Dad would approve. I was not so sure. The top was
down and the breeze on my nearly naked boobs really made it clear how exposed we
were.

We modeled them for Dad and at first he seemed displeased but then Jake told him
that he should be proud to have such a lovely wife and daughter. He was still
doubtful until Jake said that we looked so good he was happy to pay for them.
Dad had never turned down a freebie and when told we got the dresses to go to
the fancy restaurant Dad had been saving for a really special occassion he
agreed we should look our best for that.

He put on his best suit and we drove to the restaurant. Dad was also impressed
by his car and asked a lot of questions about it embarrassing me when he asked
what it cost and what kind of salary he made to buy it.

Jake was not embarrassed though and told him that he made a guaranteed salary of
$80,000 per year and more with bonuses for winning cases.

Dad was even more impressed when Jake told him he came from a poor family and
only got in his position thanks to a football scholarship.

I think that made Dad feel better since I was sure he assumed Jake came from old
money and his parents would not approve of us.

At the restaurant he took charge of us just like he had at the store just
telling the waiter to bring us the specialty of the house and a bottle of their
best wine.

I had looked at the menu and was amazed it had no prices. Jake just laughed and
said," I guess they think if you have to ask the price you can't afford it.

All through dinner Jake kept complimenting us and telling Dad how lucky he was
to have such a lovely family. That made Dad feel good.

Dad offered to pay our share but Jake would not hear of it. I saw the bill and
was glad Dad had not insisted since it was well over a hundred dollars and I
knew Dad did not have that much cash with him.

He continued to court the whole family. The only thing I found a little strange
was his bossy nature. He never seemed to care what I thought about anything. He
bought us more clothes and just ignored us if we complained they were too sexy.
The crowning thing was when he said he was taking us to the beach and insisted
on buying us both really skimpy Bikini bathing suits inspite of me telling him I
would be embarrassed being seen in it. To my surprise Mom agreed with him and
modeled one at the store for him. I had never seen her so naked. The top showed
all the sides of her boobs and cleavage nearly to the nipples and the bottom was
so skimpy she had to tuck her crotch hair into the little vee so they would not
show. She whispered to me that we would have to cut off some of the hair when we
got home so it wouldn't show.

When we got home Mom had me go upstairs to my room and said, "I'll shave you and
then you can shave me."

She put a towel down on the bed and told me to take off my jeans and panties
while she got the clippers she had bought to cut Dad's hair to save moey and his
electric razor.

I said, "God Mom. This is too embarrassing. You haven't seen me naked since I
was a little girl."

She said, "That is okay. We are both girls and family. You will be more
embarrassed if hair is hanging outside you bikini bottom."

That made sense to me and I got undressed and laid back on the towel blushing
when she told me to open my legs real wide.

I don't think I have ever blushed so much in my life while she used the clippers
to cut off the hair to stubble and then finished with the electric razor until
my pussy was totally bald.

My blushing was a rsult of two things. First I was embarrassed to be spread
eagled exposing my pussy more than I had ever done even when I was alone but
even more her pulling at my pussy lips to get every hair and the vibration of
the razor was really exciting me and I was afraid she might notice and think I
was some kind of slut.

When it was her turn I remembered what actions had excited me most and did it to
her. I let the razor linger over her clitoris knowing the vibration was exciting
and was pleased to see her blush and her breathing get ragged as her excitement
built to the point she had to grab my hand and tell me that was enough.

She got up and had me join her at the mirror saying,"God. I can't remember being
so naked."

I said, "Me either. We look about seven years old. I wonder what Dad is going to
think about this. I can't imagine anyone seeing me this way."


Mom just grinned and said, "I guess I will find out tonight."

We went to the beach and I was sure Dad would be shocked and make us wear towels
but he just agreed with Jake that we looked really beautiful and sexy.

Obviouly Dad approved of Mom naked pussy. I had heard them make love before but
never as long or with as many sighs and groans as that night.

I guess Jake thought he had courted my folks enough because we began going out
alone. Dad seemed glad to get rid of us and I noticed there was a bolge in his
pants while he was holding Mom and waving Goodbye to us. Mom had told me that
the shaving was the best thing that had ever happened to her since Dad was now
paying as much attention to her as when they were first married.

Jake was a wonderful lover holding and kissing me and when his fondling became
too exciting I reminded him that I was a virgin and planned to save myself for
my husband. He respected that and seemed pleased that I was a virgin. That did
not stop him from encouraging me to be more brazen. I finally agreed to his
demand that I never wear a bra no matter what kind of top I had on. Secretly I
enjoyed the feel of my top rubbing my nipples when we walked or even more when
he watched me do my aerobics in a T-shirt and shorts. It was kind of
embarrassing to have my boobs jumping and swinging as I did them but it was also
fun to see the bulge grow in his pants while he watched me.

Shortly after he gave me a huge diamond ring and asked me to marry him. I of
course accepted and my Dad and Mom were really pleased. Dad said he was afraid I
might fall in love with one of the local boys with no prospects except working
at the mill their whole life as he was doing.

Mom took me aside and told me, "You will never meet a man as good as Jake. Make
him happy no matter what he may want."

Then she really embarrassed me by telling Jake that she had told me to make him
happy and that if I didn't to let her know and she would give me a spanking like
she did when I was younger.

I hoped she was not serious since those spankings had been terribly humiliating
and I was overjoyed when she said that I was getting too old for them. If that
wasn't enough she added, "I would let you watch so you would know she was
properly punished."

I couldn't imagine how bad that would be. I hadn't been spanked since I was nine
years old but I still vividly remembered them. It had been a long ordeal. First
I had to go out and cut two willow switches. One little and one long. Then when
I returned I had to choose a switch. You would think it would be an easy
decision to choose the little one but there was more to it than that. If I chose
the big one I would just be switched on my panty covered butt and the back of my
thighs while leaning over the dining room table. That would leave terrible welts
that would make it hard to sit for days. The little switch was terrible too
because of added embarrassment and extra courage. For it I had to get totally
naked and stand with my legs open and my hands on my head while she switched my
tummy and chest then my terribly sensitive inner thighs. If I took my hands off
my head she would start over. I only let that happen once.

When we went out to dinner he made me tell him about my spankings in detail
which made me blush to my toes. Worse I thought he was cruel when I noticed the
big bulge in his pants. I couldn't really blame him though since Dad also got
erections even  before I developed boobs.

At dinner we had wine. The waiter acted like he didn't notice I was drinking
although under age since he knew he was in for a big tip and we were sitting in
a booth in the corner out of sight of the other diners.

I have never been able to handle alcohol and after a few glasses of wine I got a
little giddy and careless and spilled the glass in my lap ruining the new dress
he bought me. Naturally we couldn't go to the movie with the huge red stain on
my white dress so he took me home. He didn't seem angry although I felt terribly
guilty.

I thought I was forgiven and was shocked when I was home and he said, "Allene
was very naughty tonight. She drank too much and ruined her new dress. Obviously
I am not happy."

Mom was pissed. She said, "Allene. I am ashamed of you. Get the cleaver and cut
a couple of switches."

I wailed,"Mom! Please. I am not a little girl anymore."

"All the more reason you should be punished. Are you arguing with me?"

I whimpered, "No." I knew if I argued she would make it worse.

I got the cleaver and went to the wilow tree sobbing my heart out at the thought
of the pain and embarrassment I would suffer. I remembered I was to cut one
switch reaching from my neck to the ground and another from my waist to the
ground. Of course now that I had grown to five feet four inches the switches
were bigger and more frightening than they had been when I was nine and much
shorter.

On the way back I decided to choose the big switch. It would be terrible but at
least I would be saved the embarrassment of showing him my bald pussy.

I came in and whimpered while looking at the floor in embarrassment, I'll take
the big switch."

Mom said, "Is that all right with you, Jake."

"Actually I was planning a long drive to the mountains tomorrow and I don't
think she should suffer the ride on a welted bottom."

"Mom said, "Isn't that sweet of him, Allene?

I wasn't so sure since that meant total nudity in front of a man for the first
time in my life.but mumbled "I guess so."

I looked up from the floor and saw that she had brought my Dad up from his
basement workshop. That meant I would be doubly embarrassed and I whined, "You
aren't going to watch are you Daddy? I am your daughter. It isn't right."

He said, "Of course I am going to watch. I have wondered how your body looked
now that you are grown. I never fully agreed to your Mom's idea of stopping the
spankings."

Mom said, "Oh John. You knew we had no choice. She was old enough for physical
ed courses and someone would have seen her welts."

"Allene. Are you ready for your punishment?"

"I guess so. May I go to my room to undress?"

"No. I think it will add to your embarrassment to be stripped in front of the
men. Here. I will help you."

She unzipped the back of my dress but instead of just taking it off quickly like
she had when I was little she took the hem in her hands and slowly slid it up my
thighs baring me inch by inch in a kind of strip tease that had me blushing
furiously.

I watched them grinning while bulges grew in their pants

The dress moved up so slowly baring my thighs and then my bald pussy and then my
flat tummy with the cute innie bellybutton. At my boobs she jerked it on over my
head making my boobs lift then sway while they grinned even more broadly.

She said, "You know what you must do now."

I folded my arms on the top of my head feeling my breasts rise and opened my
legs a little dying of embarrassment knowing how obscene I must look.

Jake said, "Shouldn't her legs be open a little more?"

"Yes of course. Allene. Open wide. You know I can't get the switch between your
legs that way."

I sobbed and opened my legs a little more then more at her urging until I could
feel my pussy lips open.

She let me stand there a moment totally humiliated then said. "Remember to keep
your arms on your head and be brave."

I had forgotten the "Brave" part. If I screamed or even yelped she would give
three more lashes to the same spot that made me yell.

End part one




                     The Inlaws 2

I stood there nervously since I knew if I was not brave and yelled I would get
three extra ones in the same place as the one that made me yell.

She told me to take a deep breath which pushed my boobs out even more then
brought the switch across my pubic bone. It took me by surprise having forgotten
how much the switch stung and I made an involuntary shriek of pain.

She said,"I told you to be brave! Brace yourself."

She gave me three more at the same place with one actually hitting the top of my
vaginal slit but I managed to keep my response to gasps and what she called my
"Dance of pain." It isn't really a dance. The pain is so bad you just can't help
shifting your weight from leg to leg and swaying in a futile effort to relieve
the pain.

She began putting red stripes across my tummy about a couple of inches apart
working up to my boobs. Actually my tummy was not as sensitive and I managed to
just moan or gasp. I couldn't remember how the switch felt on my chest which
then were just small bumps but full breasts were much different. The pain seemed
to go deep inside me while my boobs jumped and flattened under the switch to
make tears flow down my cheeks to fall on my striped boobs.

The last one was across both nipples which hurt so bad I had to yip. That
brought three more that had me sobbing like a baby.

She decided to give me a break and let me stand there shuddering with sobs until
I calmed down.

She said, "Remember to be brave." I remembered my tender inner thighs had been
the worst part of the spanking and moaned.

She made me open my legs even more then went behind me in order to let the men
have a good view.

She began forehanding and back handing my thighs working up from just above my
knees with the tip digging in to the front of them. Just as I remembered the
pain increased as the stripes climbed toward my crotch. I began dancing harder
and hated the men for their chuckles and comments about how my tummy was
pulsating, my boobs jerking about, and my pussy winking with my movements.

On the final three she did an incredibly cruel thing. She brought the switch up
from the floor to rip at my left then right pussy lips with the last going into
my open slit to cause unbelievable pain to my clitoris.

It was too much. I screamed and dropped to my knees clutching my poor wounded
pussy with both hands oblivious to the fact my actions could have caused six
more strokes in the same place. Fortunately Mom thought I had had enough and let
me kneel there howling in pain like a whipped puppy.


Then Jake did an incredibly sweet thing. He picked me up in his arms and asked
Mom if there was any lotion for his poor baby. Mom told him there was some in
the upstairs bathroom by my room. He carried me to my bed and laid me out on my
back then got the lotion and began caressing it on all my stripes especially to
the ones on my breasts and pussy.

In a few moments the sting and burning sensations were replaced by an excitement
I had never felt before. I moaned, "Oh Jacob. Please make love to me. Let me
forget the pain."

He said, "I will darlin, but you must get my dick wet so I won't hurt you
anymore."

He stripped as quickly as he could revealing a beautiful hard penis sticking
straight up with the head above his navel. He came to me and pushed it down
towards my mouth saying, "Lick it and suck on it to get it wet with your saliva
so it will slide in easily."

That seemed very degrading but he seemed to only being kind to me so I did it. I
licked all of the shaft and then the head finally taking it in my mouth to
slather my tongue around it until he was ready to start feeding that monster
into my still slightly stinging pussy.

It was wonderful. Even the sharp pain when my hymen tore did not keep me from
enjoying it more than I had imagined. Like all girls I had occassionally
masturbated but that seemed nothing next to that wonderful dick going from the
edges of my lips to so deep inside I could feel my guts move out of the way.

He was wonderful he has this amazing ability to hold off his climax until he is
sure I have reached mine and I actually had two powerful orgasms until he
grunted and I felt his dick jumping inside of me as he spurted his semen.

We laid back all sweaty and breathing hard while he cuddled me then he said,
"Poor baby. I didn't know she would be so mean."

I kissed him and said, "I know. If you had you would not have told on me."

I had some doubts though. At his insistence I had described my spankings
graphically but then I remembered something.

"I didn't know either. It has been a long time since I was spanked and I forgot
how bad it was. Anyway the worst by far was having her hit my pussy which she
had never done before."

"Yes that was obviously the worst, but it must have all been pretty bad."

"Yes it is all bad. The humiliation of having to cut switches I know will hurt
me and the embarrassment of being stripped for the switching, having to hold a
position to make my body so vulnerable and then of course the switching."

"Yes. on a scale from one to ten which area was the worst."

"I guess my tummy would be five, my breasts seven, my upper inner thighs eight,
my nipples nine and my pussy ten."

"Well you certainly proved you are my dream girl. You were so beautiful with
your arms on your head lifting your breasts while you were sucking in your
tummy. I especially admired your willingness to suffer the punishment you
deserved and your courage."

"Well I don't really know if it was courage. I knew from prior experience that
if I did not obey she would make it worse. Once when I just couldn't hold my
legs open she hung me by my wrists from the chandelier and tied my legs open in
the splits then used the big switch to welt every inch of my body from my knees
to my shoulders. After that I managed to keep them open."

I thought that may bring me sympathy but then I saw his dick getting rock hard
thinking about it and he rolled on top of me to fuck me again even longer and
better than the first.

Again we ended up panting and all sweaty and I suggested we go downstairs for
something cold to drink.

He agreed but said, "I want you to go downstairs in a special way to show you
are willing to humiliate yourself for me. I am going to put my belt around your
neck as if it were a dog leash and you will go down on hands and knees."

At least that would not hurt and I agreed but first he decided to play a bit by
having me get on my knees to beg, and roll over and play dead as if I was really
a dog to be trained.

We went downstairs with him holding the leash and giving me some light slaps
with the end of the belt on my butt which didn't really hurt.

At the kitchen he took two beers out of the fridge but rather than giving me the
bottle he poured it into a bowl and told me to lap it up like the sweet little
bitch I was.

It was really humiliating but worse I couldn't help but think that if he would
do this so early in our relationship he may come up with worse things later. I
still thought it was worth it though since he had given me wonderful orgasms and
I would be living in luxury when not being misstreated.

When he finished his beer he went to my folks bedroom and knocked on the door.
When Mom answered sleepily he told them to come out and see how well behaved I
had become.

They came out in robes and he had me do my doggy tricks. At "Dead Dog" he told
me to close my eyes then he begain caressing my body.

He said, "Feel good?"

I sighed, "Oh yes." I expected more caresses but suddenly there was a sharp
sting across my nipples and I rose up and opened my eyes to see him holding the
little switch.

He said, "Bad doggy. Dead dogs don't open their eyes. You need to be punished
but I think I will let you punish yourself."

He had me stand up then handed me the belt and told me to swing it around my
back to let the tip hit my front and that I would be able to stop when he
decided I had reddened my skin enough."

God that was total humiliation. It had been bad enough to have to cut the
switches. Now I had to punish myself while they watched.

Mom said, "If she doesn't redden herself enough we can finish with the big
switch."

That really scared me and I started swinging the belt gasping as the tip made
red splotches on my belly and breasts. Then something strange happened. I began
to get excited by the stings and started hitting harder and aimed for my nipples
and even my pussy. It seemed my excitement was greater than the pain and I was
soon panting with my tummy pulsating in the first stages of orgasm.

Then he completed my humiliation when he said, "Just as I expected. She is
excited by this. Juices spatter from her pussy when she hits it. You can stop
now Allene."

I didn't want to stop. I was just at that terrible point just before a massive
orgasm but I dropped the belt wondering what kind of terrible slut I must be to
be excited by that.

My humiliation was not at an end. He said, "John I see by the tent in your robe
that this has excited you. It must be uncomfortable. Allene can show you how she
has learned to suck cock. Allene. Kneel and open his robe."

I was shocked and said, "You must be joking. He is my father. That is incest. I
won't do it."

"Actually I am not sure a blowjob would be incest. I think that is for fucking
but it doesn't matter. If you don't do it I am sure your Mother and I can come
up with a punishment that will have you begging us to let you do it."

I had no doubt about that and whimpering opened his robe to see a dick a little
shorter but fatter than Jakes. I remembered what Jake taught me and licked his
scrotum and shaft before putting the head in my mouth to lick it as I sucked.

I guess he was already really excited because in just a moment he grapbbed the
back of my head and jammed his dick into my throat making me gag as his cum shot
down my throat. I was relieved to find that although it had the texture of snot
it did not taste bad.

I thought nothing could be more humiliating than sucking my Dad's dick but I was
wrong. Jake noticed Mom had her hands inside her robe rubbing he pussy and said,
"Allene. Your Mother needs to be relieved as well."

There was no use arguing. I crawled over to her and opened her robe to see her
pussy was all wet from her fingers rubbing it. Jake said, "To give you incentive
to do a good job your Dad and I will spank your butt until your mother reaches
climax."

 I didn't know what I should do but they were happy to give me directions
telling me to lick her inner lips and clitoris and also driving my tongue into
her pussy as far as it would go. Unlike the skin of dicks that was much like
sucking a thumb her pussy had a musky taste and smell I found revolting. It was
really hard to concentrate on pleasing her while feeling the almost constant
stings to my ass but she finally made a little scream and mashed my face into
her pussy for her orgasm.

Even that wasn't enough for her. She began moaning, "More. I want more. Fuck me,
both of you."

Dad laid down on his back and she sat on his dick forcing it into her ass while
her face had an agonized look with her mouth in an O shape. Then she laid back
and Jake began feeding his monster into her sopping pussy. They rutted like
animals with her making constant moans and shrieks.

I felt cheated. I had been stopped before I could have my orgasm and I had just
been used to excite them for theirs. Watching them made me jealous of her while
I wondered what it would feel like to have that fat dick jammed in my asshole.

My ordeal paid off in a way. Jake was now convinced I would make a good wife. My
life changed from then on. I was never allowed to wear underwear from then on
and he took all my good dresses and skirts to a tailor to be hemmed up untl my
butt was barely covered. Then he removed the top three buttons on my blouses and
dresses. I told him I could not wear them in public because if I bent over my
butt would be exposed as well as my breasts. He just said that I would have to
be careful and not bend over.

Have you ever tried to spend a day without bending over.I really tried but
sometimes I would slip and when I did whatever I exposed would be punished. He
really enjoyed the fact I would docilely hold out my boobs or push out my naked
butt for him to whip with his belt. In comparison to the switch it was not awful
and I found if he kept it up long enough I would become excited.

That convinced him I would be a good wife and we caught a plane to Las Vegas to
be married.

end part 2




                             Inlaws 3

I was really excited. I had never been out of Vermont before and had never been
in an airplane. I embarrassed him by asking the stewardess a million questions
about flying and Las Vegas. He said I would pay for embarrassing him with my
childish ways but I was not worried. Nothing he might do would be as bad as what
Mom had done.

As soon as we got in our room I found out what he thought a childish spanking
was. He had me lie over his legs then pulled up my skirt to bare my behind. He
began spanking one cheek then the other with his hand, It wasn't that bad though
because I was sure his hand was being stung as much as my butt.

The spanking changed to something I knew no decent parent would do. He held my
ass crack open with one hand to let the ends of his fingers hit the tender
inside and then went lower to let the ends of his fingers hit my pussy lips
causig them to jerk and sting. I know it may sound incredible but this new
method made me very excited.

He realized my pussy was getting his fingers wet and let me down on my hands and
knees then dropped his pants to drive his monster into my ass. Fortunately it
was not as wide as Dad's and after a few thrusts of pain it began to feel good
and then incredible when he brought his hand around to tickle my clitoris until
we were both shuddering with our orgasms.

After we rested a bit he told me we would go shopping for my wedding dress. I
was really embarrassed at the store because he had me stand naked in the
dressing room while the clerk dressed and undressed me in various dresses.

The worst part was when the salesgirl noticed the red cheeks of my butt and
said, "It looks like she was a naughty girl."

I blushed to my toes when Jake said, "Yes. She does earn a spanking now and
then."

I thought she would be shocked but she said, "Good for you. If my husband had
understood I needed some discipline I may still be married."

That made me feel better about myself. None of my school friends were spanked by
their parents and certainly not by their boyfriends but she made it seem normal
and I convinced myself that my girlfriends had probably also been spanked but
were just too ashamed to admit it. Maybe they had even enjoyed it when it was
not too bad like me.

He finally decided on a lace dress with embroided roses hiding my nipples with
more at the bottom like a very skimpy bikini bottom.

I said,"I could never wear this in a public place."

The girl laughed and said, "It comes with a full silk slip so you will be
respectable."

That hope was smashed when he said, "I don't think we will need the slip."

I moaned but the girl was no help saying, "You are probably right. A lot of
girls wear daring clothes here so she should not be too far out of place."

He bought it plus a sheer blouse that only hid my nipples by small pockets and a
soft leather skirt. She demonstrated that the hem could be made as short as he
wanted and the waist as low as he wanted simply by folding the waistband. When
she was done my hip bones were allowing a gap just above my pubic bone and the
hem was letting the the curve of my buttcheeks to be seen at the juncture of my
thighs.

He said,"We'll take it but take out one fold. I don't want her to get arrested."

That allowed the gap to fit snugly against my lower tummy and my butt to be
hidden so he said that would be fine and that I would wear it.

We walked out of the store and I loved the feel of the soft leather on my
buttcheeks and the blouse carressing my nipples.

I am sure he paraded me down the street to embarrass me but it backfired. I
began to enjoy the smiles and interested stare of men and I just assumed the
disapproving looks of women were from jealousy of my body.

He had more shopping to do. He went to a sex store and bought whips, canes,
leather padded wrist and ankle cuffs, and clamps obviously used to pinch my
skin. I had never seen anything like this stuff before and almost died of
embarrassment when the clerk grinned at me knowing I would suffer under these
things.

I felt even better when I went into the Casino. All the prety girls were dressed
to show off while only the frumpy, fat, or old ones covered up.

At the floor show the girls were all topless with G-strings that barely covered
their pussies. They were beautiful and my old feelings of modesty seemed even
more silly. I told Jake I didn't feel so bad about being so exposed now because
I saw that near nudity was beautiful.

Rather than being happy for me he seemed disappointed and said, "I am going to
take you to a place where nudity is not glamerous."

We went to a sleazier part of town and the cab let us off in front of a bar with
a big banner saying, "All Nude Amature Dance Contest. No one over Twenty two
years old. Ten to two AM. Show off your girl friends and win big bucks."

As soon as we were seated he went up to the bar and talked to the manager while
I watched the professional girls dancing prior to the contest. He was right.
There was nothing glamerous about this. The girls got on stage in little
negligees and immediately stripped them off to reveal themselves wearing nothing
but elastic garters around their thighs.All of them were either older or not
quite pretty enough to get a job at the casino.

I soon saw the garters were there for the customers to stuff money into. The
garters were high on their thighs and often the customers would brush against
their pussies in the act of putting in money. I was amazed. Most of the bills
put in were just dollar bills and I could hardly believe girls would let
themselves be so debased for a lousy dollar.

I found that they not only allowed it but encouraged it by spreading their legs
obscenely to show off their shaved pussies and puckered assholes. I noted my
bare pussy would not be out of place but was sure there was no way I could do
this.

He came back to say he had entered me in the contest and that I would be dancing
three times and that five judges in the audience would give me scores from one
to ten at each dance. the prizes were a hundred dollars for first, seventy five
for second and fifty for third. I would be one of twelve girls so far and he
expected me to win or at least place.

I said, "Jake I can't do this. Look at them they are obscene and the customers
are practically foaming at the mouth."

He grinned and said, "I thought you were used to being nude. You were naked in
front of your parents what is more obscene than that."

"That was different. I was forced to do it and there was just the four of us.
There must be over a hundred men here and I wasn't expected to bump and grind
naked for you and let some stranger feel me."

"Consider yourself forced now. You will dance and you will win. If you don't I
intend to use all the things I bought on you until dawn. Since you have no
experience I will settle for third place."

end part 3




                          The Inlaws 4

I moaned knowing I had no choice. Then I watched the dancers intently noting
which moves they made that got cheers or applause. It became obvious that the
men were not there to see good dancing. When a dancer no matter how smoothly and
expertly she moved did nothing obscene the men would just make small talk among
themselves or use her as an excuse to go to the bathroom.

The girls that got applause would do terrible things like pull their pussy lips
open or pinch their nipples to pull on them until their breasts formed cones
which had to hurt. One girl even pushed her breast up to her face and took her
nipple between her teeth to shake her head and make her tit jump. I knew I could
never do that and hoped the amateurs would not go so far. I was fourth in line
so I would have a chance to find out.

Shortly before ten there was an announcement that the amateurs should meet at
the bar for instructions.

When we had gathered around him he said, "Okay girls essentially there are no
rules except letting customers jam their hands into your pussies. As amateurs I
theoretically have no control over you so if you get busted by a vice cop it is
your problem. The good news is that I know every vice cop in town and own most
of them. If one comes in that I can't control a stobe light will come on
pointing at the stage. If you see that keep your hands off your pussies and
don't let the customers touch you. Oh. One warning. If you get no applause I
will eliminate you since I do great business and don't want to bore my
customers."

Fear rose in me. I knew if I were eliminated Jake would make my punishment just
terrible.

I went back to the table and told Jake what the manager had said. I asked, "Jake
are you sure you want me to do this. Most men would be jealous of strangers
looking at their girl. And you certainly don't need the money."

"The money has nothing to do with it.I am not most men. The way I see it is if
you don't excite men you obviously are not as attractive as I think and
naturally I won't be able to marry you."

That really scared me. I knew I was not real smart and had no talent so if he
took me home I would not only face the wrath of my parents but be spending the
rest of my life flipping burgers or married to one of the dumb working slobs. I
said, "I will make them applaud. No matter what I have to do."

My hope that the amateurs would not be as obscene was crushed early.Applause
erupted when one of the girls did the splits then rocked back and forth rubbing
her pussy on the floor with a look of ecstasy on her face and the other girls
were probing their pussies or violenty shaking their boobs.

When it came to my turn it was a near disaster. I was so nervous it seemed to
take forever to get the all the buttons on my blouse unbuttoned and even longer
to get the snagged zipper on my skirt down almost all the song was done before I
could start my aerobic exercises I thought may excite them. The only reason I
got any applause at all was because I was the prettiest girl so far.

When I went back to the table Jake said I looked really clumsy and for the next
dance I should unbutton everything before I got on stage. I felt bad enough but
even worse when he watched the next girl with a figure nearly as good as mine
except a little pudgier and he joined in on the applause when she took her
nipples in her fingers to pull her boobs apart and slap them together in time
with the music. To make matters even worse the manager came over to say he would
give me one more chance and if I didn't do better I would be eliminated.

Then this homely girl with little boobs got up and even though she jerked at her
pussy the audience booed her. The manager went on stage and dragged her off
while she cried hysterically. I felt sorry for her but became determined that
would not happen to me.

On my second round I followed his advice and had everything unbuttoned so I just
had to slip off the blouse and pull down the skirt. I danced around pulling on
my nipples with one hand while fondling my pussy with the other to faint
applause and then I remembered how excited Jake and my Dad had become when I
whipped myself. I experimented by slapping my ass real hard. That got applause
so I did it more and then got a lot of applause when I slapped my pussy. I knew
I was on the right track when I heard cheers and went to the edge of the stage
and asked a cowboy for his belt. He whipped it off to give it to me and I spent
the rest of my dance whipping myself with it until my entire tummy, boobs and
pussy were red. When the music stopped I got a standing ovation.

I left the stage smiling in triumph only brought down momentarily when the next
girl going to the stage said nastily, "You stupid bitch. Now we are all going to
have to hurt ourselves."

"I said, "Good. You deserve it."

Jake was really proud saying he had never seen a standing ovation at a strip
club before. and even the manager came over to say, "Baby if you don't get
busted you have this sucker won."

My problem now was trying to think of a way to top myself. All the girls were
now spanking themselves and some really hard. So hard some left the stage with
tears in their eyes. I dreaded going up again knowing that this time I would
really have to hurt myself to top them.

The customers in the front row of the circular stage solved my problem. When I
went on they were all holding out their belts.

I went the edge of the stage and said loudly, "I have been a naughty girl.
Punish me!"

A song lasts about three minutes and it had to be the longest three minutes of
my life. I started crawling around the edge of the stage and belts began hitting
me all over sometimes three at a time. I kept my head down to protect my face
but I needn't have worried. They stood up as I came close in order to let their
belts hit my back and curl around to welt my boobs or tummy. The ones to my butt
would curl around to let the tip go into my crotch. Ones that hit my clit would
force me to yell and freeze a moment which just let them take better aim to hit
my nipples and make the end of their belts jerk my pussy lips open.

The yelling and applause kept getting louder and I looked up to see guys who had
been sitting further back were now jammed into the front row. Now the stings
were continuous.

In spite of the pain I kept telling myself, "You deserve this. You asked for
it." Then something weird happened. Something snapped in my brain and body and
the stings became thrilling. I wanted even more and got up on my knees with my
arms in front of my face to move sideways allowing them to have a clear shot at
the front of my body. Now my tits and pussy lips were in constant motion as the
belts jerked at them but the extra pain just raised me to new heights of
excitement and orgasms began exploding in me, each stronger than the other.

The song ended and I flopped on my back but that did not stop them. Bouncers had
to pull them away from me so I could crawl off the stage and into the curtain to
the dressing room totally exhausted.

A couple of girls helped me up on a table so I could lie on my back while they
put cold cream on all my welts. When asked how I felt I said, "Exhausted but
excited too. Thank you for the cream it really helps cool the burn."

I laid there for awhile being caressed then another girl went out to get my
blouse and skirt.

"She came back to say, "Jesus. You really started something. The girl on now is
just standing on the edge of the stage slowly turning so they can whip every
inch of her. Four of the other girls have quit rather than face it."

One of the girls said, "God. Kid you have a lot of balls. I know I would have
had to escape to the rear of the stage."

I thanked her proud that I had shown courage that would please Jake but then the
picture of the girl bravely standing there and turning for the lashes upset me.
"I said, "Oh God. I went through the pain for nothing. She will probably win."

I felt better when another girls said, "I don't think so. Everything after your
bit is just copy-cat and her body is not as fine as yours."

I dressed and found that the feel of the material on my now super sensitive butt
and nipples felt even better than before.

I went out of the curtain to go back to our table and was met with another
standing ovation. The girl now on stage had retreated to the back and was just
dancing. On the way to our table I was told I was fantastic and one guy said,
"If you don't win there will be a riot."

I sat down gingerly at our table feeling every welt and said, "Are you pleased
Jake? I did it for you."

"Oh yes very pleased but I don't believe you did it entirely for me. You got so
excited juices were dripping from your slit and splattering when it was hit."

I blushed and said, "I admit it got exciting toward the end but it really hurt
at first and I wouldn't have done it if I hadn't wanted to please you."

Yes I understand and appreciate your courage. It is normal that you would get
excited eventually. what happens is endomorphins are produced by your brain when
the pain becomes too great. Long distance runners call it a "Runner's high."

"Does that mean I will I will always get those fantastic orgasms when I am
whipped?"

"Not necessarily. The pain will have be strong and continuous for some time."

"Oh so if you would want to be mean you would just hurt me for a short time?"

"You have the idea. I can tell when the pain becomes exciting. Also I can hurt
you just a little and make you beg for me to hit harder which I won't do."

"Oh. But if I please you will you be nice afterwards."

"Yes. You would have earned a pleasant orgasm."

"Have I earned one tonight?"

He grinned and said, "Yes indeed. We will go to our room as soon as you collect
our money."

Moments later the Manager announced that I had won and the girl who had slowly
turned was second. The girl who had won third had just offered her butt and
thighs for whipping.

We went back to our room and he made good on his promise.He carressed and kissed
me for a long time then made me crazy by licking my inner lips and clitoris
until I exploded. Only then did he enter me with his dick to get his pleasure.

End 4




                      In-laws 5

The next day we spent the entire day with him carressing me with oils and lying
in the Jacuzzi tub until my welts settled down and my skin was just a little red
like a slight suburn.

He made some calls then had me dress in my wedding dress. We walked several
blocks to the wedding chapel. I enjoyed the admiring stares and was amused to
look in the windows to see the reflection of guys walking backwards to get my
rear view.

Jake said, "You are enjoying yourself aren't you. You have lost all your
modesty."

"I am just trying to please you. You said you liked showing me off."

"Yes but you are also pleasing yourself. I think tomorrow we will do something
to show you off that you don't enjoy so much."

"Oh are you going to hurt me bad?"

"No. It shouldn't hurt at all but I don't thnk you will like it."

We got married. It was real sweet of him to call a florist and fill the room
with flowers then we had a great dinner and returned to our room to make love
for hours. My only problem was wondering what he planned for the next day.

The next morning he got up and left me to return about an hour later with a
package. It turned out to be my costume for the day. He gave me a tube top to
put on that was too small for me. I compromised by having it barely cover my
nipples at the top and allow the bottom curve of my breasts be seen. While I was
adjusting the top to provide maximum coverage he was making slits with his knife
in a pair of short-shorts.

They were so tight he had to hold the front closed while I buttoned the buttons.
He had me walk in front of the mirror and I saw my boobs ballooned by the tight
top and skin showing through slits on my butt cheeks and diagonal cuts above my
pussy. It wasn't awful though. I had seen teen girls in much the same outfit. I
relaxed thinkig this would be easy.

We took a cab down to a sleazy part of town where we went into a sex shop. He
picked up two huge artificial dicks and a couple of spring clamps with little
sharp teeth.

I told him that the dicks were totally unnecessary since his real dick was all I
needed to be satisfied but he just grinned and said, "You may need these."

Then to my shock and shame he pulled down my tube top in front of the grinning
clerk and let the clamps snap shut on my nipples. It really hurt like some small
animal chewing on them and worse I knew their outline could be seen under the
tube top so people would know I had something on my nipples.

We left the shop and he took me in to another place that just said "Nude Girls."
He bought some quarters and led me to a door. When he put some quarters in the
slot a plywood panel slid up and we saw naked girls moving around. One saw our
panel go up and came over to rub her shaved pussy against the glass while
pointing at a slot that said, "Tips". Jake slid a dollar bill onto the slot and
she grinned and pulled the lips open to let us see deep inside her.

I said, "God. How can these girls debase themselves this way for a lousy
dollar?"

He said, "They will do anything for crack money but you are right you are too
classy for this. I made arrangements for something different."

He led me over to another section of the place. Girls were sitting in little
boxes behind an open curtain wearing just a pajama top. It reminded me of
animals on display in a zoo.

Then a man came up and said, "You are just in time. Georgia is taking her
break."

Right in front of this strange man he took off my tube top and shorts then
handed me a pajama top and told me to crawl into the cage. I put on the top and
he said, "Sit at the window and smile. When a man comes in close the curtains
and a panel will open to let you see him and he see you. You will do anything he
asks you to do for the ten minutes he gets for twenty dollars. If you don't I
will torture you all night."

"Oh God. Can I at least take off the nipple clamps. My nipples hurt awfully."

"Yes but if he asks you to put them back on you will. You may also need these."

At that he threw the two rubber dicks into the cage and said he would be
watching me from the grille above me. I looked up to see bars in the ceiling
with two flood lights attached to them.

I found the clamps hurt worse for a few seconds when I took them off and rubbed
my nipples until the pain went away.

I sat there for awhile smiling as ordered then a really ugly dirty man came to
the window and grinned at me then opened the door. I closed the curtains at the
front hiding me from passers by just as the panel went up and I saw him sitting
on a bench sliding the zipper down on a pair of dirty coveralls to reveal an
ugly uncircumzied dick with big purple veins.

He saw me staring at it in disgust and said, "You like seeing this don't you
slimy slut. Lets get going. You only have ten minutes to get this hard and for
me to cum. If I don't I am going to demand my money back and you will get no
drugs. Come on get with it! Get that top off so I can see your scummy body."

He hurt my feelings and I whined,"You don't have to be mean. I'll do what you
tell me."

He said, "Fuck you cunt. I like being mean."

I expected a compliment when I was naked but he just said, "Not too bad for a
twobit whore, the drugs must be keeping you skinny."

His insults were really getting to me. I wanted to protest but knew it was
fruitless and worse realized there was no reason he shouldn't feel that way. I
obviously had to be scum to allow myself to be subjected to this.

He said, "Get on your knees and take that smaller dildo with the bumps and jam
it up your ass."

I had not really looked at them but now saw they were covered with little rubber
warts. I moaned knowing how they would drag on my holes and looked for some
vaseline to help them go in."

He said nastily, "What is holding you up?"

"I am looking for something to lubricate it otherwise I will never get it in."

"Just get it wet with your mouth you stupid cunt! Time is running!"

I licked the sides of it and put it in my mouth somehow it seemed more obscene
to be doing this while he watched than sucking a real one. Even wet I had to
force it into my tiny puckered anus groaning from the terrible stretch it was
causing to my insides. My look of agony must have excited him because I saw his
ugly dick begin to grow. He left his hands on the bench and I knew he expected
me to get him hard without the help of him stroking it.

I got it half in but ran into an obstruction and it would not go in deeper. He
said, "Sit on it you stupid bitch."

I let meyself down on it feeling cramps in my bowels as it was forced in.
finally I was sitting on it to force it in all the way. He grinned and said,
"Put the other in your pussy."

I wet it and began pushing it in but the little knobs seemed to rip at my tender
inner lips and I gasped, "It won't go."

"It better, Bitch! push with both hands."

I did and it slowly began stretching and scraping the inner walls. My look of
agony must have excited him because the head of his dick slid out of his
foreskin. He was a filthy man. I saw little yellow flecks like cheese around the
edge of the head and assumed it was old cum.

He said,"Great. I gotta talk to the manager about putting a hole in this window
so you can suck me off."

I was happy they had not come up with that innovation and as ordered began
pushing and pulling the dildos while kneeling with my legs wide open. I think I
could have gotten into it if I was alone or just Jake was watching but his
constant dirty talking with all the insults to humiliate me just wouldn't let me
concentrate.

I was relieved to see him begin to stroke his dick since it seemed there was
ample time for him to cum. He said, "Put the alligator clamps on your nipples.
His dick jumped at my groan when they bit in then he told me to tie the string
on the floor beside me to them. When I did he told me to push the string into
the tip slot. He took it in his hand and said, "Keep pushing and pulling the
dildos. Don't let go of them."

He began stroking his dick with his right hand then suddenly jerked on the
string with his left. The pain was unreal. the harder he jerked the deeper the
teeth bit in and It was all I could do to keep my hands on the dildos. He kept
stroking and jerking until his cum spurted out on his stomach. at that point he
jerked real hard on the string and I shrieked in agony as the clamps were ripped
off my nipples cutting them so blood began dripping on my stomach.

The bastard loved that and told me to spread my blood on my breasts. Actually
that was good since it let me caress my poor tortured nipples.

Mercifully the panel slid down and I heard him say, "Shit! That was my last
twenty."

I heard the door open and took out the dildos. The one that had been in my ass
was covered with my shit and blood from the torn tissues.

my escape door opened and Jake leaned in. I grabbed and hugged him crying and
sobbing, "Oh Jake that was awful. I feel like the worst and lowest slut in the
world."

"Yes but you obeyed and I don't thnk I need to test you further as far as
humiliation is concerned."

He took me back to our room and made wonderful sweet love to me. That seemed to
be a pattern. Whenever I suffered I would be rewarded by sweet love.

The next day he said he had some business to do so he gave me some money to use
as I wanted. I watched a couple of lounge shows and then went swimming in their
huge pool in a new thong bikini. I didn't get the attention I hoped for because
there were gobs of pretty girls there.I thought how nice it was to be from a
small town where I had little competition. I don't swim and it got too hot to
just lie out there so I went back to our room to watch cable TV. It also had
adult movies so I watched one but I thought it was boring. There was no story
just people fucking and sucking.

I was watching Lucile Ball when he came in. He wondered why I would watch old
re-runs but they were new to me. I hadn't even been born when they were made.

He had told me that since he had been a workaholic we had six weeks vacation I
wondered if the whole six weeks were going to be spent going to places where I
would be tortured so I asked him if we were going to spend our whole vacation
here.

He said, "No. As a matter of fact we will be leaving Monday night so I can
introduce you to my parents and then if you are good I will take you to the
Caribbean where I will rent a sailboat for us to go from island to island. they
have duty free shops there so we could get some nice jewelry."

"Oh that sounds like fun. I guess I will have to be obedient to be good."

"Yes. My Dad is pretty old fashioned and believes women and girls should be kept
in their place. You may be shocked by some things you will be expected to do."

"That's okay. I doubt if he will want to do anything my folks haven't done."

"Oh incidentally we are invited to a costume party Saturday that is being hosted
by the owner of the strip club. It is set in the old south."

"Oh great. I read about the old south in history class. Will you get me one of
those fancy silk dresses. I have fantasized about being the wife of a plantation
owner who is waited on hand and foot by slaves."

"Really. Have you had any other fantasies?"

"Well one, but I wouldn't really want to do it for real. I just like to think
about it. Our history teacher showed us a picture of a woman slave hung from a
tree and whipped for trying to escape. She was naked from the waist up and her
mouth was open I assume for a scream while the whip wrapped around her body to
let the end hit her stomach. The interesting thing about it was that if she had
been white they would never have shown it to us but since Black women were nude
in the National Geographic it was okay. One of the boys found the book where he
got the picture and copied it then painted her skin a light tan with big red
nipples. For some reason that made if much more sexy for him and his friends.

He had also added some red lines all over her tummy and breasts. For some reason
it excited me too. I imagined myself as a martyr who was caught leading a slave
revolt and was hung up and whipped with all those people watching. Thanks to
Mom's switch I had a good idea about how it would feel."

He grinned and said, "Oh yes since you mentioned being a martyr I have decided
to give your folks the money you earned so they can have their dream of going to
San Francisco."

"Gee they aren't going to get very far on $120.00."

"No but you will have a chance to earn much more. Leo, the club owner said at
the party they will be auctioning slaves and spankings with the tawse, and other
instruments used on slaves. I volunteered you for the grand finale. You will be
hung up and whipped just like the woman in your picture. Unfortunately you won't
have your fancy dress. Just a plain slave one."

"Oh God. I can't do it. The teacher said slaves were whipped until they bled.
That would be too much."

"No. He agreed they would use my whip. It won't cut you. Now take off the top
and I will give you one lash just so you can see."

His whip had six flat leather things of fairly soft leather at the end of a
shaft about four feet long that would give a lot of leverage.

"Only one? You promise?"

"Yes. Be brave I don't want you to embarrass me by doing a lot of screaming
before you are really hurt."

I moaned but took off the top and took my position with my arms folded on my
head. He walked behind me.

He took me by surprise I just heard a whirring noise then my nipples exploded in
pain. I put my palms over them and sobbed.

He sneered, "You call that brave? I am going to give you lashes until you can
take them with dignity like a real martyr would."

I got into position again and vowed I would be brave. This time I was ready in
spite of horrible pain when the lash went down diagonally from my waist to my
anus. I managed to take it with just a shudder and a gasp.

He said, "Good. You won't get any worse than that. You can rub your hurts now."

I rubbed myself until the sting went away feeling a little proud I was able to
take that sting even though it was even worse than on my nipples."

He watched me enjoying the look on my face as the stings were replaced by
pleasure and the caresses turned into masturbation.

He said," Go Darlin. Show me what you like."

I caressed my clitoris and nipples until I was close then teased myself by
stopping to shove three fingers into my slit and wiggle my fingers until  was
ready to stimulate my clit to orgasm. It was good but not as powerful as the
ones he had given me.

Fortunately watching me excited him so he made love to me. When we rested he
took me to a thrift store to shop for my slave dress.
He found one he liked. It was just a simple cotton summer dress with strings for
shoulder straps and a square cut neckline. It had buttons all down the front. He
said he would make some alterations when we got back to the room. He found a
scizzors and a razor knife.

When we got to the room I put it on and he cut the bottom of the dress off just
below my butt while I held my arms in the air. Then he cut off buttons on the
bottom until my pussy was barely covered when I walked and the dress opened. He
cut buttons off the top to the base of my boobs and then told me to stick out my
chest pleased at the way the top opened to show almost everything but my
nipples. Finally he used the razor knife to makes rips to show the sides of my
boobs, my belly button and the cavity caused by at the juncture of my hipbones
and my flat lower tummy.

I said. "It is going to be embarrassing wearing this through the casino."

"I doubt it. You are used to being shown off."

"This is different. The women are all dressed up. I will look like trailer
trash."

"That is the effect I was shooting for. After all you are a slave,"

It was time for the party which surprised me since it was only a little past
noon. I was right about the casino. Women sneered at me and I seemed to be
constantly saying that we were on our way to a costume party.

Jake got a cab and we drove into the desert. I noticed the driver looking at me
in his rear view mirror so I decided to tease him by seemingly innocentally
opening and crossing my legs knowing it gave him a perfect view of my pussy.
That stopped though when he veered onto the shoulder and Jake slapped my leg
saying,"Knock it off before you get us killed. I blushed at being caught and
kept my legs together to the disappointment of the driver.

Finally we pulled off the highway onto a long driveway and came to a high brick
fence with a wrought iron gate. The driver pressed a button on a post by his
window and a little later a man came to the gate and told us to get out. I think
the driver was disappointed he didn't get to go on in.

The house was huge. We went inside and Leo said that it was a little early and
all the guests were not there yet so he got us a drink and offered a tour of his
house. It was beautiful and strange. Like in the bathroom the shower had a
waterfall to bathe under as well as several alternate showerheads. The six
bedrooms all had king size beds and big TV's I assumed were to watch sexy
movies.

The really wild thing was his "Playroom." It had weird things like the stocks I
had seen in history class but what really fascinated me was the "Rack." I loved
stretching while doing aerobics and this seemed to be able to make the ultimate
stretch.

Leo noticed me staring at it and said,"You seem to be fascinated by my Rack.
Would you like to try it?"

I blushed at being caught and said, "Oh I don't know. Maybe."

Jake said, "Christ. Don't be coy. You know you want to try it."

I didn't bother to answer and Leo said, "Fine. Take off the dress. You don't get
the full effect unless you are naked."

I looked at Jake who nodded and took it off and laid down on the wide table face
up. They pulled my legs apart and put padded leather cuffs on my ankles and then
others on my wrists.

There was a clicking sound as he turned a crank on a winch behind my head and I
felt the ropes tighten. At first it felt good and I liked it when they agreed it
made me look great the way my waist shrunk and my boobs tightened but as the
slow clicking continued it began to hurt especially at my hips and shoulders.
Finally it really got bad and I moaned, "Enough! It really hurts. Let me off."

Leo just grinned and said, "You have to earn your way off this thing."

I thought he meant sex and said, "Yes, okay I'll do anything."

He went to a wall and brought back a coathanger completely full of spring
clothespins.

He said "When you have worn these for awhile I will let you off."

He opened one and showed it to me. It was not just a plain clothespin. He had
driven a map pin into the jaws. I looked at it in fear and whimpered, "No.
Please. It will make me bleed."

"Not really. Well maybe a little. Shall we get on with it."

I shook my head but he ignored me and started placing them on my tummy. I gasped
as each point dug into me while he lined them up on both sides of my stomach
from just below my boobs to my pubic bone. I guess that was just to get me used
to the pain gradually because then he started putting them all over my boobs and
then lined them up on the lips of my pussy. It really hurt. You can get an idea
by just clamping one on our body evem without the pin. Finally he only had three
left and put one on each nipple and the last on my clit causing me to scream.

Then they just stepped back to watch me sobbing and struggling until I was
soaked in perspiration. Then the weird thing happened. I felt excitement rising
in me. I began struggling to raise and twist my hips to make the pin move in my
clit until I had a fantastic orgasm.

Leo and Jake recognized what was happening to me.and Leo said, "Interesting. A
lot of girls have that reaction. Even ones who don't like pain."

They began removing the pins and  they hurt worse coming off than when they were
put on. I learned that was because the blood returned to the pinched area and
reawakened the nerves.

They released me and I slid my dress back on as Leo said, "Would you like to try
something else?"

I said, "No. The rack seems to be the least painful thing in here."

He just laughed and said, "That is okay. We don't want to wear you out early."

We finished the tour at the swimming pool. The roof had a big beam coming out of
top and I saw a pulley with a rope through it. The end of the rope had leather
cuffs like the rack and when I looked down I saw rings in the floor with other
cuffs. I shuddered realizing that was where I would be whipped and I would be
far enough away from the building to hit every inch of me.

Even though it frightened me I came back to it several times during the
afternoon to look at it.

We went into what he called the "Great Room" which was huge and I saw the
guests. There were about a dozen girls in different versions of slave costumes
but there were also women dressed lavishly like the men. That surprised me. I
had assumed there would be just slaves and men.

Leo tapped on his glass with a spoon and said, "Everyone is here and just to get
things started the slaves will strip naked and since part of this will be
outside where it is hot the rest of us might as well strip to our underwear so
we can be comfortable. You will have two hours to test the skills of the various
slaves then they will be auctioned off to the highest bidder to be used until
three AM.

I said, "Jake are you going to let me be used by someone?" I started to take off
my dress."

"No. You have your own special auction. Leave your dress on. It will be removed
later."

The now naked girls began to circulate and made no objection when told to give
blow jobs, eat pussy, or be fucked in both ass and pussy by various men and
women.I just stood by Jake sipping drinks actually a little jealous I was not
being fucked.

Then the auction started. Each girl was led to the front of the room and Leo
said, "These girls have agreed to do anything the high bidder asks. If they
refuse anything you may feel free to punish them.I only ask that you not welt or
cut them since they have to go back to work after tomorrow."

At that he opened a drape to show a huge collection of whips, canes, paddles and
the familiar switches. If that wasn't enough there were pliers and clamps I knew
would be used to pinch nipples or pussies.

I was amazed. The bidding was anywhere from $400 to $600. I thought if they paid
that much just for sex whoever bid for me would want to get his money's worth.

They began making the girls do all kinds of things. When one girl refused to
kneel and open her mouth so the man could piss in it. Two men held her while he
pinched her nipples with the pliers. I had to give her credit she maintained her
refusal until he started pinching her clitoris. That was the last straw and she
knelt crying with her mouth open while he pissed in it filling it to the point
it was running out on her breasts.

He took her out and threw her in the pool to wash her off then brutally butt
fucked her.

Other girls that refused anything were whipped or spanked until they gave up and
did whatever disgusting thing asked of them like licking men's or womens
assholes until you saw shit on their lips.

Then after everyone reached climax one or two times there was a lull and the
guests put on panties or undershorts just to prove their status and began
gathering around the bar.

After they had drunk about a half hour congratulating each other on the vile
things that had been done to their slaves Leo tapped on his glass.

He said, "I don't see a hard dick in the house so I think it is time for Allene
to provide some excitement for you. Shall we adjourn to the pool?"

Jake led me outside and under the ropes. He pulled my legs open so far the dress
rode up to display my pussy then buckled my Ankles. Then he buckled my wrists
and nodded to a man who pulled on the rope to tighten me then tied it to a hook
on the wall. I was a little surprised they let me keep the dignity of my dress.

Then Leo decided to do a little role playing. He said, "The slave Allene
attempted to start a slave revolt. As fellow Masters I am sure you will agree
she needs a good whipping. I think you all should get a chance to carry out the
punishment and to give you incentive to do a good job you will pay ten dollars
per lash. You will get poker chips for each ten dollars which you can redeem
with her suffering. I will keep track and highest bidder will get first chance.
Lashes will be limited to none above the armpits or below mid thigh. She has to
go back to the casino and she should be able to hide the marks.

I moaned. Ten dollars was nothing to these people. God knows how many lashes I
would get.

Leo said, "You should see what you are getting. Get a close look."

At that he came over and ripped off my dress leaving me stretched and naked. Men
and women came up to fondle me. The said how beautiful I was all stretched with
my tiny waist which made my boobs and ass look bigger but I was too frightened
to appreciate the compliments. All their attention to my tits and pussy made me
realize they would be targets of their lust.

The bidding started at fifty dollars and climbed steadily while tears of fear
ran from my eyes. As each bidder dropped out Leo would take his money and write
his name on a pad with the bid. I was amazed to see women continue the bidding.
I had thought they may feel sorry for me until I remembered how much Mom loved
switching me.

When the bidding got to $500 dollars others dropped out and the winner won first
chance to torture me with a bid of six hundred.

Leo said, "You have been generous. Allene has made $1800."

I began to cry because that meant a hundred and eighty lashes and I had never
taken over forty before."

Then there was even more bad news. Leo said, "Obviously she can't take a hundred
and eighty lashes and remain conscious and even if she could she would be numb
so she will get her whipping in sessions of twenty lashes then a break.

I wailed "Oh no!" I knew by limiting to that I would never get to the point
where the lashes no longer hurt and would just excite me. This would be pure
pain."


end part 5




                      Inlaws 6

I began to sweat under the hot sun and sobbed knowing if I got sunburned the
lashes would be even worse.

The first man took the whip from Leo and came over to me. He simply walked
around me to hit all over I was a little relieved the whip stung no more than
Jakes practise one especially since he used many of his lashes on my back, butt
and legs which were not so sensitive. He finished with one to each breast that
made them jerk at my chest wall then a final one from the floor to my open
pussy.

That was when I found the whipper would get an extra bonus. He dropped his
shorts and drove his dick in my pussy jerking on my hips to stretch me even more
but in a way it was good because it let me ignore the pain.

When he came I was given a drink of water which I really needed then people came
up to feel the welts he had left on me and comment on the job he had done. Time
went by and I realized my ordeal at this rate would last for hours. The terrible
thig was that it let me dread the next whipper.I had thought that at a lash
every second would have it all over in three minutes and I cried knowing this
was not going to be the case.

The next one was a woman. She was really mean using all twenty on just my boobs
and pussy giggling at the way they jumped and squirmed under the lash. When she
was done I could feel my skin tighten and realized my boobs and pussy were
swelling under this torture.

To my surprise she dropped to her knees and began licking my pussy. I am about
as far from being a lesbian as Pat Buchanun is a liberal but it helped me forget
the pain.

Again I was given another drink and left hanging for them to feel me commenting
on how hard my tits felt now as if they had implants and the way my pussy had
swollen to the point the slit had closed a little.

It went on that way for hours as I felt my skin become hotter and hotter from
the lashes and the sun in spite of the fact they threw ice water on me to keep
me alert.

Finally the last one finished making sure any unmarked part of me was taken care
of. I sighed in relief that it was over but then Leo said, "Her husband Jake
tells me that you could have excited her. He will show us how."

I moaned, "No. No! I can't take any more!" but Jake said, "Sure you can."

I cringed as he came toward me but he knew my skin was super sensitive from the
sunburn and welts so just hit hard enough to make a sting over and over on my
pussy until I went into orgasm after about thirty.

He dropped his shorts to jam his dick into my swollen pussy then Leo went behind
me and stuck his dick in my ass. My insides were completely full and I could
feel their dicks colliding inside me to continue my orgasms until I passed out.

I woke up in one of the king sized beds feeling real greasy. Jake said he had
covered my body with sunburn lotion. It worked kinda. It still felt hot but not
the terrible burning I had felt at the end of the session.

Proving again my ordeals would be rewarded. I was pampered for two days giving
me gentle massages, showers and bubble baths while they washed me with soft
sponges and anything I wanted for food and drink. They also made sure I had
orgasms by licking my pussy and or fucking me to keep me totally satisfied.

Since my dress had been torn off me I just wore a towel through the casino.
Actually I was more covered than with the dress and I am sure people just
thought I was returning from the pool and I had a swim suit under the towel
because they hardly noticed me.

We caught a plane to Little Rock Arkansas to visit his parents. As a further
reward he let my wear underclothes so I didn't have to be so careful about
letting my dress slide up.

They did not live there he rented a car and we headed toward the mountains
driving for hours on dirt roads. I told him that it seemed strange that I only
saw either mansions or shacks. He said, "Yeah. That is the way it is here. You
only find a middle class in the cities. You will also find country folk are a
lot different than city dwellers."

Finally we pulled off the two lane dirt road onto a single lane and drove about
another half hour before he pulled into a driveway.

He had told me he came from a poor family but that seemed to be an
understatement. The house was two story with unpainted clapboards and a sagging
porch. It reminded me of all the redneck jokes with the old appliances used as
lawn ornaments and the hound dogs lying around. A man and woman was sitting on
the porch drinking something out of quart jars while kids from about 6 years old
to maybe sixteen played in the yard.

When Jake got out of the car the whole family ran to us to give him hugs and
then when he introduced me as his wife I was hugged too. The only disconcerting
thing about it was the boys about fifteen and sixteen both grabbed my asscheeks
to pull me forward for the hug and the six year old boy lifted my skirt to look
at my panties. His mother just laughed and said, "Pay no mind to him. He is a
curious critter."
The real hug came from "Daddy". He grabbed both my ass cheeks in his huge hands
and kneaded them as he pulled me into his crotch to feel something that felt
like a snake in his overalls. I looked over his shoulder at Jake hoping he would
pull his father away from me but he just grinned and said, "Darn Allene. I think
daddy likes you."

We were invited to sit on the porch and I was offered a drink out of one of the
jars. It was cold and the drive had been dusty so I took a big swig. I choked as
burning liquid ran down my stomach heating my belly. Jake laughed and said, "She
has never had moonshine before. Go easy on that stuff Allene. It will knock you
on your ass."

No problem with that. I had no desire for any more of that stuff and just the
one drink made me feel giddy.

A girl maybe thirteen or fourteen came running around the porch. She was wearing
a man's shirt with only one button holding it together above her navel. As she
ran flashes of her sparse blonde pubic hair showed a total lack of modesty.

She ran to hug Jake and he grabbed her butt cheeks to lift her and hold her
close while she ground her little boobs into his chest and kissed him.

Jake said,"Is that you Sallie Mae? My you have grown."

Daddy had regained his seat on the chair and she ran to jump on his lap. Not
across his legs like a normal kid but straddling his legs facing out so we all
had an excellent view of her tight little pussy.

Daddy said, "You haven't seen her since she was six. Look at how she has grown."
At that he unbuttoned her button and pulled the shirt wide open. I thought she
might protest. Any normal kid would but she just grinned and pushed out her
chest which I judged to be about a 32 B cup and grinned."

"Don't you like my titties, Jake. They really started growing now that Daddy or
the boys spank them everday with a leather strap."

"Yes they are mighty pretty. They look firm too."

Salliemae said happily, "Oh they are. Come and feel them."

Jake went to her to knead her tits which were just big enough to spill around
his hands while she giggled.

Jake said, "You must have been naughty too. I see some skinny bruises on your
belly and titties."

"Yes Daddy had to whip me with a straightened out coat hanger, It really hurt
but it is okay. I deserved it for telling him his dick was stinky."

I was shocked but there was to be more shocks. His Mom said you never saw Evie
and Jody over there in the sandbox. They were born after you left. Jody tore me
up so bad birthing I can't have any more but I guess we have enough.

I looked over at the sandbox and realized they were both naked. I thought they
were making a sand castle but then saw his hand in her little pussy and her hand
jerking on his hard little dick. I was really shocked and also surprised. I
hadn't known till then that boys his age could get hard.

Then the attention was turned to me when Jake said, "Allene has a great body.
Show them Allene."

I could not believe he had said that and said, "No Jake. Your little brothers
and sisters will see me. It isn't right."

Before he could respond his Dad looked at me disapprovingly and said, "Does she
have a problem minding you son. Haven't you told her that women should mind
their husbands."

"She minds Daddy. It is just that she was raised in Vermont and was told it
wasn't right to be naked. She will be sorry she didn't do it right away."

That scared me and I took off my blouse and skirt right away. I hesitated with
my bra and panties and Jake frowned and said, "Them too."

I took them off and stood there blushing and shaking with nervousness but that
didn't end it. They gathered around to fondle me making comments on my firm
round butt and boobs and my soft tight pussy while I thought surely I would die
of mortification. Billybob grabbed my boobs in his hands and shook them and
lifted them until the skin was pulled tight under them then said, "Hey when she
gets knocked up she will give a lot of milk. Enough to feed the kid and a pig
too." Everyone laughed but me. I could only imagine a dirty pig sucking on my
breast.  Even the little kids came over to feel me and to my humiliation the
little boy made a fist and drove it into my pussy. I grabbed his arm but Jake
said gruffly, "Leave your hands by your sides."

I let go sobbing in shame while the little boy jammed his fist even deeper
saying "Oh look I can get it in almost to my elbow. I can only get three fingers
in Evie."

Jake said "Evie will grow but No more playing." As if I was enjoying it.

Then he said,"You have embarrassed me and insulted my fmily by not getting naked
when told so all of us will punish you. Sallie Mae cut two switches about as
tall as you."

She grinned as if she was getting a trip to Disneyland and ran into the house to
come back with a cleaver and then ran around to the back of the house.

While she was gone Jake said, "I think about ten apiece should do it. Don't you
Dad."

That would be eighty switches I was sure would leave me bleeding and I begged,
"Please not so many I know I was naughty but I'll be good from now on."

To my relief Daddy said, "Well you have not had much time to train her so maybe
we should let her off with five. Those are big switches."

I moaned, "Oh thank you. Thank you. I'll be good you will see."

Jake said, "You may be right but it should be on the horse so she can feel it a
long time."

Daddy agreed. I had no idea what the "Horse " was I was just grateful the lashes
had been cut in half.

end part 6.




          The Inlaws 7

Salliemae came back with the switches and demonstated how they went from the top
of her head to the ground. About five feet.

I was led around to the back to a big dirt yard by Daddy and Jake pulling on my
arms and saw the "Horse."

It was a big log supported by four legs. It had a yard brush of stiff straw
nailed to the top of it and bricks on each side. Even though I had never seen
such a thing before I knew I would be straddling it with my feet on the bricks
with the stiff brush digging into my crotch.

I began to stuggle pleading "Please don't." but my 110 pounds were no match for
the men and they just ignored me and kept dragging me toward it. 

"Daddy said. "Mpm and the girls wore off all the bark so I put the yard brush on
it. It seems to work just about as good."

Salliemae said, "You are going to hate this. it makes your pussy and asshole
really raw."

The men picked me up to straddle the log and I pushed down my toes to put them
on the bricks.They tied my ankles to stakes in the ground. I was relieved to
find that by standing on my toes my pussy just barely touched the needles.Then
my wrists and elbows were tied tightly behind me forcing my tits out.

My relief was shortlived. When my ankles were tied they slipped out the top
bricks and my crotch sank driving the bristles into me from the top of my slit
to my tail bone. It felt like I had sat on a porcupine or the time the mean kid
in the first grade had put a thumbtack on the seat of my chair multiplied by a
hundred.

They decided elders should be first and Daddy and Mommy got on each side of me.
Daddy hit me first on my ass to make me scream and slide forward to make the
bristle rip at my crotch then Mommy hit my pussy to drive me back. By the tenth
I was sobbing hysterically sure my pussy would be torn away.

Jake and Billyob were next and they were just as mean keeping me sliding back
and forth almost constantly.

Johnny and Sallie mae were next. They wanted it to last and hesitated between
swings. Salliemae found she could make me slide back just as well by hitting my
nipples giggling at the way the switch went out of sight in my tits.

That made the miracle happen. My endomorphins kicked in and I wanted the pain. I
even increased it by standing flat footed and squirming during their pauses.

They held up Jody and Evie to finish me and it just excited me more that by
sitting them on their shoulders the switches came down into my slit in front and
my ass crack in the rear.

When they stopped I stood there weakly with all my weight pushing the bristles
in to me totally exhausted from the pain and orgasms

They untied my ankles and laid my sweaty body down in the dirt to pull my legs
open to inspect my abraded groove. Mommy said she is pretty raw and we don't
want her to get infected. At that she splashed moonshine on my pussy and anus
causing fresh screams as I caught on fire. She kept doing it until my screams
stopped and the alcohol began to cool me rather than burn.

I was kept naked since they said the air would do me good for the rest of the
night.

That is when I saw how depraved they were. I had excited them and they took
turns fucking Mommy and Sallie mae and even little Evie whose pussy was too
small to fuck had to give the boys blowjobs and get fucked in her ass by Jody.

The next day I had like a million scabs on my crotch and had to walk with my
legs open. Salliemae thought I looked funny walking that way and laughed at me.
I was really sore and it pissed me off. I yelled, "Jesus Christ Sallie mae you
are a God damn bitch. You should rot in Hell."

She looked shocked and ran to Daddy to say, "Daddy. Allene blasphened! She took
Jesus name in vain and cursed me to Hell."

I had noticed they had just said Darn and Gosh but it had not really registered.

Daddy looked at me sternly and said, "Allene. We are a God fearing family. We
don't curse in this family."

"I fucked up and said, "Oh God. Are you going to punish me."

"Darn. You did it again, No I won't punish you. It is the churches duty to
punish blasphemers."

I relaxed a little thinking my punishment would be Hell after I died. I could
live with that.

They spent the next couple of days picking scabs off my crotch to douse it again
with the moonshine, When the last scab was gone I noticed that the layer of skin
I had lost had left my pussy real sensitive. I welcomed the fucking and licking
by Sallie mae and Evie for the day. I even enjoyed sucking the men and boys to
make them hard to fuck me in either my ass or pussy or both at once. Once I was
fucked by both Billybob and Johnny while I licked and sucked little Jody.

I guess I wore everyone out because all but Salliemae were taking naps.She
noticed me idly caressing my now so sensitive pussy and said, "That scrubbin
really makes your pussy tender. Don't it?"

I said, "Oh yes. Really sensitive."

"I know something that will really make it feel good. Lay on that short bench
and open your legs and close your eyes."

I did it then felt something sticky falling on my pussy. I looked down to see
her pouring honey right down my slit. She noticed I was watching and said,
"Close yor eyes. This will be a surprise."

I thought she just waned to make my pussy taste good and laid back and closed my
eyes. I felt a tongue on my pussy that really felt good but it was not the same.
I looked down to see Salliemae grinning while she held the leash of one of their
hounds who was lapping at my pussy and digging in to get all the honey. I sat up
to push it away but she just pushed me back and said, "Give it a chance."

God forgive me It felt so good I laid back closing my eyes again in an effort to
hide the fact I was being lapped by a dog.

Suddenly I felt toenails digging into my breasts and looked up to see the dog
was mounting me. I tried to get up but he growled and I laid back down afraid he
would bite my face off. I felt his doggy dick slide into me and begin to swell.
It was gross. He began pumping like mad with drool from his roadkill smelling
mouth dripping on my face. In spite of that I felt his dick swelling to fill my
pussy and it felt so good I decided I may as well try to enjoy it.

He pumped and the feel of his hair on my tummy and his paws scratching at my
breasts combined with his prick brought me to orgasm just before he let out a
little whine then backed off.

I cried from the shame of this on top of all the other things. Sallie mae
said,"I know it is a little shameful the first time but you will get to want it
a lot later."

I just continued to cry thnking that there was nothing they could do to me now
that could humiliate me any more.

The next afternoon I was told to get dressed for church. I was raised as a
Catholic but was not a fanatic about it since they always seemed to be begging
for money or spanking me with a blackboard pointer for the smallest offence.

I dressed as I would at home for church with underwear, stockings and garter
belt and my most modest skirt and blouse. I was a little amused at their version
of dressup by wearing a clean shirt and necktie with their overalls and the
girls in shabby too short and tight dresses.

On the way to church with all of us riding in the back of Daddy's ancient pick
up truck I just wondered how long and boring the service would be. Then I got
worried when Salliemae hugged me and said, "I am sorry I told on you about
blaspheming. Do you forgive me?"

"I guess so. After all you didn't lie."

"Oh I am so glad. I felt really guilty when I found out you could make me feel
so good licking me."

I didn't want to be reminded about how I had contributed to the depravity of
this kid so I just nodded but then I remembere Daddy had said the church would
punish me not God so I wondered if they spanked with rods like my church.

The "Church" was nothing like any church I had seen before. It was just a
decrepit barn with a couple of two by fours forming a cross above the entrance.
Inside were a collection of mismatched folding chairs on the dirt floor facing a
raised stage of concrete I assumed was where cows had been milked. There was a
crude podium made by nailing some pine boards together and a large table made of
small logs.

There was an usher who accepted an envelope from Daddy I assumed was a donation
and we were led to the front of the "Church."

We all sat down in the front row and with nothing to do I watched the usher who
was given some more envelpes. There was not a lot of them though so I figue the
Preacher couldn't be making much money.

Shortly afterward the Preacher came out of a side door. I had to giggle. He was
really dressed up with a dirty black coat over his overalls. I stopped giggling
when he gave me a stern look from absolutely black eyes. He was big and his pot
belly pushed against his overalls.

He started the sermon but it was more like a lecture with him ranting and raving
about the world going to hell and that the feminists who were all lesbians and
communists were the root of the problem. He mentioned television and I assumed
he was getting his information from Jerry Falwell. He went on and on about how
it was the duty of all the men and boys to keep their womenfolk in line. The
only thing that made it a sermon was the occasional "Amens" from the audience.

I cringed when he said, "All women should be whupped at least once a week to
keep them in line." Especially since this brought a loud,"Amen"
from the men and older boys.

He ended with a short prayer for the Lord to help them in their efforts to make
the world a God fearing place.

I started to get up to go but Daddy said, "Sit down it is not over."

The preacher returned carrying an armload of paddles, switches and two evil
looking whips shaped like snakes about five feet log.

The preacher said, "I have received your notes and as usual I have sorted them
in the order of lesser offenses first. Bring Berthajo on stage."

Berthajo was about five maybe six years old When she was up there with tears in
her eyes he said, "You wrongfully answered five of the questions in Sunday
School. You know you are only allowed two wrong answers. You will get five
spanks. Prepare yorself."

She must have known that would hurt because she sobbed as she took off her
shabby dress and pushed her little cotton panties down to puddle at the floor.
She was so young she just had bumps for boobs and not even fuzz yet on her
little pussy. They must have wanted her to have maximum, embarrassment plus give
her time to dread what was to happen because the preacher roughly pulled her
legs open and had her stand there facing the audience for a few moments before
telling her to turn and hold on to the lower leg brace of the table. She had to
bend way over to reach the slender pole connecting the legs  which made her
little pussy pooch out from between her open legs.

The Preacher said, "Remember. If you let go. I will start over."

That made her wail then he picked up like a fraternity paddle and swung it
against the fattest part of her butt it actually lifted her off her feet. She
screamed and I was amazed she was able to keep her grip on the pole. The paddle
had left a perfect imprint of red on her little white cheeks. He made her suffer
by delaying each swat for about thirty seconds. When he finished her whole butt
was a maroon color I knew would soon be black and blue.

Even that was not enough for him. He told her to stand by the end of the stage
to display the error of her ways. the only good thing was there was no objection
when she rubbed her poor buns to lessen the sting.

End part 7




                         The Inlaws 8

The next girl was older maybe eight or nine. Unlike the first girl she seemed to
be resigned to her fate with just a sad face but no crying.

The Preacher said, "You missed six questions and since you are bigger and
stronger I will use this for your six spanks. Prepare yourself."

He held up a paddle much like the other except it had several holes drilled in
its face. She then showed some emotion as she stared at it in fear. I assumed
she had felt it before or else seen its effects on a butt.

She took off the standard cotton dress and dirty cotton panties then stood there
facing the audience with a defiant look on her face. Southern girls develop
young. Her chest was definitly forming breasts and there was sparse hair on her
pussy.

The Preacher looked at her and said, "It has been awhile since you have needed
punishment. You have grown. Turn around slowly so we can see all of you. She
blushed but turned slowly. When her butt was to us I saw that this had not been
her first session. Her buttcheeks were scarred with skinny white lines much like
the lines Salliemae had shown from the coathanger but her session must have been
hard enough to cut the skin. There were also round scars that could only have
been caused by lit cigarettes or a hot rod being pressed against the cheeks and
even the outer lips of her pussy.

He had her get into position and on the first swat I saw why she had looked at
the paddle in fear. It left a red imprint but also like blood blisters at each
hole in the paddle.

She was absolutely amazing. She just grunted at each swat with her knuckles
white from gripping the rod as tight as she could. When he finished her ass and
upper thighs were red with maroon polka dots.

He sent her to the other side of the stage and only then did she cry as she
rubbed her burning butt.

The next girl seemed a bit older at least she was developed enough for her
breasts to push against her too tight dress but her little blonde pig tails made
her look very young.

Her offence was different, The Preacher said, "You little slut. You were caught
rubbing your crotch. You know what the Bible says about spilling seed."

I was sure that referred to male masturbation and had nothing to do with her but
I certainly was not about to argue that point.

He held up a rod with a leaf shaped leather thong at the end. It didn't seem
nearly as bad as the paddles and I was a little surprised when she wailed, "Oh
Preacher, not that. I'll be good. I promise. Just paddle or whip me."

He just said, "Prepare yourself."

she stripped and stood there with tears running off her cheeks to splash on her
pretty little tits.

The Preacher nodded to the two men on stage and they dragged her over to the
table where they bent her backward and roughly pulled her ankles about four feet
apart to tie them to the legs of the table. Then they tied her wrists to the
legs on the other side to force her into a back bend to display every inch of
her pussy and even the anus.

He said,"You will not have the luxury of a cushion."

I thought he meant a pillow to lessen the way the sharp edge of the table was
digging into her round butt. That was not it at all.

The two men went to the podium to get pliers and went back to her and started to
pull the hairs from her crotch. They could have made it a little easier for her
by just jerking them out but they were mean. They would clamp onto a few hairs
and pull them out very slowly stretching the skin to open her lips obscenely
until they gave and let the skin snap back only to find more hair. The poor
thing wailed and shook her head and body to make even her firm little boobs
shake.

Finally no matter how they tugged at her lips and anus they could find no more
hairs and stepped back. Her pussy was reddened as if it had already been
spanked.

He stood at the back and clamped her head between his thighs and began spanking
her now certainly tender pussy. The leaf shape was perfectly sized to cover the
whole face of it with the sharp tip digging into her anus while she made muffled
screams since I was sure her mouth was pressed into his balls. He kept hitting
and hitting occasionally letting the leaf hit her pubic bone to make the tip go
into her open slit and snap against her clitoris to make her strain against her
bonds.

As it went on her screams became moans and I suddenly rrealized she was pushing
her pussy up to meet the whip and twisting her head around to make the preacher
show a broad smile. I realized that what had happened to me was happening to her
which was confirmed when the leather leaf darkened from the juices of her pussy.
He kept it up until she slumped in exhaustion.

I thought the punishment may be counter productive since it gave her an orgasm
then remembered how much pain she had to endure to get to that point.

They just left her there with his handiwork displayed. We watched her panting
slowly turm to deep breaths.

I looked around to see the men staring and rubbing their crotches. I thought
they were total hypocrites. They didn't care if the punishment improved her they
just wanted to watch it for their selfish excitement.

The next girl up was about my age of sixteen and fully developed with large
boobs and butt that made her waist look smaller. She was wearing the familiar
cotton dress but she must have tailored it because it fit tightly to show the
bumps of her nipples and the shadowy area of her navel and crotch.

The preacher said, "You used the Lord's name in vain. Why did you do that."

"I am sorry Preacher I stubbed my toe on a rock and without thinking yelled
Jesus."

I panicked realizing my blaspheming was a serious offense even though it had
seemed perfectly natural to me.

"I see. Did the person who heard you punish you for that?"

"Yessir. My hubbie beat my butt bad but he said it didn't count because only the
church could give me salvation."

"Well there are mitigating circumstances so I will only give you ten. Which of
these switches should I use."

He held up a long switch and a shorter one which was Deja Vu for me. She said,
"thank you for only ten. I think I had better take the smaller one. My butt has
had about all it can take."

He had her strip then turn around slowly. She had a magnificent body that would
be welcome in any man's magazine. When her butt faced us we saw purple welts
covering her cheeks with scabs at each intersection of welts.

He looked at it and felt the wlts then said, "Were you tied for this dear?"

"Nosir. My hubbie thinks I should be brave so I just held on to a tree limb. He
didn't need to tie me I knew I deserved it.

"Good for you. Should we tie you for this?"

"You don't have to. I know I deserve it and I want salvation."


I thought since she had already suffered so much he would be easy on her but he
wasn't.

He made it last as long as possible by making her take a new pose for each lash.

He had her bend backward then hit right across her bellybutton. Her stomach was
so tight the switch bounced off.

He had her stretch up her arms as far as she could then went to her side to hit
both tits just above the nipples burying the switch in them to compress them and
jump back out with a red line. He then aimed carefully and brought another just
below the nipples. To my amazement her only reaction was to gasp.

He aimed again and hit both nipples pushing them deep into her breasts only to
pop back out hardened. This made her give a little wail but she maintained her
pose.

Then he had her lean over with her hands behind her neck to let her big boobs
hang. He hit them so hard they slapped against her ribcage, He and the audience
who gave a little cheer semed to enjoy the way they bounced and swayed slowly
settling down for the next which was just as hard.

He told her to pinch her nipples between thumbs and fingers and lift them. He
was not satisfied until the nipples were stretched as far as they would go
lifting her tits nearly to her chin.

He gave her two more to the underside which now left uniform stripes covering
all of her tits.

Then he said, "Last two. You know how you should be for them."

She whimpered and to my disbelief she opened her legs then pinched the outer
lips of her pussy in each hand to pull the lips way open displaying the tender
pink inner parts.

He did not want to spoil our view so he got behind her and we saw the switch
come up between her legs to bury itself in her slit with the tip hitting her
clitoris. She made an agonized wail and let the lips slip out of her fingers but
quickly grabbed them to pull them open again for the last one that was so bad
she dropped to her knees and wailed. They realized she was weak so let her kneel
at the edge of the stage.

Then in a daze I heard my name called. Daddy grabbed one of my arms and Jake the
other to pull me up on the stage.

end part 8




                       The Inlaws 9

The preacher said, "You also blasphemed. Even worse I see you said Jesus Christ,
God, damn and cursed your sister to hell. Is that true?"

I was about to say she was not my sister then remembered that she was by
marriage. I just hung my head knowing that if the other girl had got ten for two
words I would get at least forty or fifty. I whined, "Yes it is true but she
made me do it by laughing at me after I was punished."

He looked at Salliemae and said, "Is that true?"

Salliemae said, "Yes Preacher but I couldn't help it. She looked so funny
waddling around naked with her legs open."

The preacher said, "Well that is a mitigating circumstance although it is a
grievous sin to condemn some one to hell. You will get six with this."

He held up the snake whip.

I could not believe how lucky I was. The other girl had got ten for just saying
Jesus. He said to prepare myself and I began removing my clothes.

I was really sorry I had worn so much clothing. It forced me to do a slow
striptease for them. I hated the lecherous stares as they watched skin bared to
be punished.

Finally my garter belt came off and he had me turn around slowly to add to my
embarrassment but by then nudity did not bother me although the thought of that
nasty whip hitting my skin did. Then I reminded myself I was lucky and also I
was sure the whip would be no worse than a big switch. I hoped he would
appreciate my courage and go easier on me if I offered to take the six lashes
untied.

I whimpered, "I'll take my punishment untied if you want."

"No you won't. Prepare her."

I was led over to a length of haybale twine going up to the ceiling. One of the
men pulled on it and I heard a squeaking noise. I looked up to see the twine was
tied to wrist cuffs on a rope going over a rusty pulley. I watched in fear as
the cuffs were being pulled down to me. The twine was untied from the cuffs and
the cuffs were buckled tightly to my wrists then my arms raised above my head.

A log was brought out about five feet long and my legs were pulled open to
buckle my ankles to the ends.

A man took the twine and began lacing it around the bases of my breasts in a
figure eight pattern. As each loop was added my breasts became  as hard as
cantaloupes and I sobbed knowing that would not let the whip sink in to lessen
the pain.

Finally my arms were pulled up until the log left the floor. My shoulders and
hips felt a horrible strain and I knew they would soon cramp. I couldn't
understand why they would go to this much trouble for six lashes.

I found out. The men took a whip to each end of the stage and the Preacher said,
"Okay folks. Line up. No pushing you will all get your chance."

I realized six meant six for each person. That was impossible. There had to be
at least forty people out there rushing to be at the head of the line. Even the
women, girls and kids were lining up. My only consolation was that either my
endomorphins would kick in or else I would faint either of which would stop the
pain.

 Men pulled ropes at the end of the log to turn my back or front towards the
lines so no-one would miss a thing as the whip bit into me all over but mainly
to my most sensitive areas of inner thighs, breasts,pussy, and into the crack of
my ass.

I was wrong about the whip it was worse than the switch since it was heavier and
the delays while my whipper was replaced allowed time for the pain to register.
The little kids were the worst. At the urging of their parents they would hit as
hard as they could and giggle at the way my body went into contortions from the
pain. The delay while the whipper waited for advice and my body turned to let
everyone see the body part hit would not let my endomorphins kick in. No-one was
in any hurry. they paused between lashes to comment on how the lash had made my
tits jump or my pussy lips rip open. I fainted several times but they would just
throw cold water on me and stick smelling salts under my nose until I was alert
again.

I didn't even try to count the lashes. The welts ran together to redden me from
just below my neck to my knees. Towards the end I felt liquid running down my
stomach and legs and realized the many intersections of welts were bleeding.

Finally it was over. They threw buckets of cold water over me and kept sticking
the smelling salts under my nose until I was completely alert then threw salt
water on me to set my body on fire. They kept it up until the burn finally eased
and I began to shiver from the cold water.

They threw a blanket over me and carried me out to the truck where I rolled from
side to side in the dirt and gravel while the truck bounced through potholes. I
tried in vain to find one spot I could lie on without pain. The pain and
exhaustion let me sleep most of the way back.

In the morning while Salliemae was putting salve on me Jake came in. He looked
at my crotch and said, "Those church bastards really did a job on her. I won't
be able to fuck her pussy or ass for weeks. Those scabs would tear the skin off
my dick."

Salliemae said, "I'll take care of you Jake."

"Good. I'll see you when you finish here. Meanwhile little Evies tongue can get
me hard for you."

I was devastated. He saw how badly I was hurt yet showed no sympathy. It seemed
so unfair. I had done all these things because I loved him and it seemed to be
for nothing. I completely lost all self-esteem. I didn't care what they did to
me. I actually hoped they would kill me.

I was sick for days. All the cuts must have become infected in spite of the
saltwater and alcohol because I had a high fever that constantly had me throwing
off covers because of the heat and then huddling in them from chills.

Salliemae and Evie took care of me. They would put salve on and pick off the
scabs when they became loose. Finally I was well enough to walk around but
couldn't stand cloth rubbing on me so remained naked. I was afraid to look at a
mirror or even down at my body so sure I was a mass of scars like a burn victim.

When Salliemae was picking off the last of the scabs I asked, "Do I look
horrible? Like a monster in the movies?

"Oh no. You look fine. Oh sure you have some little scars like me but not bad."

I worked up my nerve and went to the living room which had an old mirror
discolored at the edges from age. She was right. I just had a lot of really
skinny scars kind of like the stretch marks pregnant women get. Not wanting to
eat had shrunk my waist to 20 inches making my figure look even better. I felt
some pride again and decided I would never give them an excuse to whip me again
to mar my beauty.

God knows they tried to get me to disobey. They actually sat around the porch
and discussed things I should have to do.

I didn't object to anything. Daddy and Jake who had the biggest dicks fucked my
pussy and ass at the same time while I sucked Billybob. When I just enjoyed it
they had the dogs fuck both my pussy and ass but I fooled them and closed my
eyes just to enjoy the feel of their fur and their swollen pricks. I even
managed to get orgasms. Even though they called me a slut and a bitch because I
had orgasms I ignored them knowing I was only doing it because I was forced.

When that didn't work they made me suck the dog and when I still did not protest
they had me suck a goat until he was hard then let him fuck me.I was not about
to fall in the trap of refusing them and in defiance did all I could to achieve
orgasms just to spite them.

Then they tied me to a low bench and let a donkey fuck me after I made him hard
by licking his dick which was way too big to get in my mouth. That backfired on
them. I had never felt anything that filled me so completely and let me feel
friction on every inch of my channel. I had several glorious orgasms to their
disappointment.

They had Evie and Jody see how many of their fists they could force in my pussy.
With a tremendous stretch that I thought may tear me they managed to drive in
all four of their fists but even that got me off when they began pumping them as
they giggled in glee. I enjoyed the older people's disappointment.

Then they decided to torture me in a way that would not excite me. They said
they had thought of something I should try but if I didn't want to do it I could
take a whipping instead. Naturally I said I would do it.

They led me over to a barbed wire fence and told me to push my nipples against
it. It was easy to avoid the barbs so I did. When they touched I was hit with an
electric jolt and jumped back. They laughed and said that was an electric fence
and it sent pulses of electricity every second. If I could keep my nipples
against it for ten seconds I would not get a whipping. It hadn't really hurt so
I did it. Each jolt caused the muscles in my tits to contract then loosen to
keep my boobs moving, They loved it but surprisingly so did I. When I left them
there after the ten seconds was up I was pulled back and that was my
satisfaction because he got a shock from me.

They decided my nipples weren't sensitive enough so they turned off the charger
long enough to lift me and let me down straddling the fence. My weight took out
all the slack in the fence and still I looked down to see a wrinkle at the top
of my slit from the pressure of the wire. They turned on the fence charger and
jolts caused my pussy muscles to tighten and loosen as jolts hit my sensitive
clit and anus. The only problem was the jolts came at the same rate and like in
masturbation I wanted them faster as I got close to orgasm. I solved the problem
by sliding forward and back to let the barbs poke my clit and anus until I could
cum.

That puzzled them and they lifted me off to go to something different.

They tied my legs open to stakes in the ground while I sat in the dirt.Then they
tied my wrists to other stakes.

Salliemae came to me and started dribbling honey on my nipples then down my
tummy to fill my open slit. I thought they were just going to let the dogs lick
me but then she started dribbling the honey to a big anthill. Daddy laughed and
said, "You aren't going to get off on this. Those are red ants and they have a
nasty bite."

I watched in fear as ants began following the trail of honey to my crotch. then
the first ants came but at first they just crawled on me tickling me as they
climbed my tummy to my nipples. Soon there were thousands of them on me and in
my slit and they finished off the outer layer of honey and began biting the thin
layer and my skin. It was awful. Their bites were nearly as bad as bees and I
began to cry as the bites and burning sensation covered my nipples and all
through my open slit.

Daddy laughed and said, "I told you she wouldn't like this."

I screamed, "Get them off me. I'll do anything. Just get them off me. They are
eating me."

Daddy said,"Do you want us to kill them?"

I screamed, "Yes. Yes."

Billybob ran off to come back with paddles made of one by two boards and they
began beating my tits and tummy and pussy with them. It was killing the ants but
the stings of the paddles were just as bad. finally they stopped and Salliemae
used a wood spoon to scrape the ants out of my pussy that were in too deep to be
hit by their paddles.

It seemed to satisfy them that I had begged for mercy so they let me alone. I
choked down a little moonshine to get my mind off the stinging then took a deep
breath and poured it over my burning nipples and pussy to cause an even greater
burn for a second before the cooling evaporation of the alcohol helped.

Evie said, "Can I hose her titties Daddy. I love to watch them flop around."

"You'll have to ask her Honey."

Evie came to me and asked. "Can I hose your titties, Allene."

I looked at Daddy and said, "I suppose if I say No you wil come up with
something worse won't you."

"Oh I suppose so."

"Okay Evie you little monster. Do it."

She ran off and Billybob tied my wrists together then my elbows to force my
breasts out.

She came running back with a rubber hose about three fet long she immediately
used with both hands to hit my tits individually to either drive them into my
armpits or make them slap together. It hurt awful and they began swelling right
away but something snapped and I screamed, "Harder you little bitch. Kill me so
I can get away from you."

I think she was hitting as hard as she could anyway but she gritted her teeth
and tried to hit harder.

Just as I was about to faint Jake said "Enough. Stop it."

I was taken inside and Salliemae began dipping washrags in ice water to soak my
purple tits.

I heard my first good news since I had been there. I heard Jake say to Daddy.
"It isn't any fun to torture Allene anymore. She has got to the point where she
just doesn't care. I am going to take her on down to the Caribbean and pamper
her awhile so I can make her beg for mercy again."

"You are probably right son. That is why I don't bother whupping your Ma
anymore. the only thing that seems to work on her is when the church does it. I
am hoping she will start feeling again."

We just stayed there for another day for the swelling and bruises on my tits to
lessen then packed up and caught the plane to the Caribbean.

I love it here. He has been real nice and there are nude beaches so I can
satisfy my learned exhibitionism. I have thought what I may do when he starts to
hurt me again but if I leave him I will never get a chance to enjoy things like
this again. I guess I will just have to go along with it unless it becomes
totally unbearable.

                     The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





