BDSM Library - The Analyst




The Analyst
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She went to see a psychological analyst because she could sleep well. The doctor took the advantage when she was hypnotized and controlled her mind.
Warning: This file contains depictions of adult sexual situations, it
also contains mind control, rape, schoolgirls, nuns and medical
examinations. If it is illegal for you to view this subject matter, or
if you are under the age of 18 please do not view this file. If you
find these situations unpleasant or offensive please do not view this
file. The author takes no responsibility for any illegalities arising
from the viewing of this file.

The author retains all rights to this story and it is transmitted here
by an authorised person, for free viewing only. Retransmission is
allowed only if it is in it's original form including this message and
archiving only by prior permission. Please contact
lovecannibal@hotmail.com to obtain permission from the author. This is
basically so the author knows where his work will be located. Most
reasonable inquiries will be happily agreed to. Do not send flames as
they will be ignored.




The Analyst

by Victor Ramierez



"Send her in nurse" said Dr. Hampton

John Hampton then returned to his seat behind his large desk in his
wood panelled, bookshelf lined office.  The Doctor was a Forty year
old, brown haired (but greying), kindly man. John prided himself on
being in very good shape and his muscle tone evened out his five foot
stature to make him into a somewhat handsome man. He had been the
resident psycho analyst at the institute for educational learning for
five years now and he had seen just about everything and was becoming
a little bit restless. Perhaps this new patient would be a bit more
interesting.

The door opened and his next patient strode confidently into his
office, and John rose to shake her hand.

"Good afternoon Miss Johnson, I'm Dr Hampton. Please have a seat" he
said pointing to the empty seat on the other side of his desk. John
gave the woman a good looking over as she was taking off her handbag
and lowering herself into the chair. She was in her early thirties and
not bad looking behind the strict looking glasses she was wearing. She
had her long black hair tied up in a bun and was wearing a blue skirt
and jacket with a white silk blouse on underneath. She was all
business but still liked to look good. John liked that.

"Thank you for seeing me on such short notice Doctor, I really need to
talk to someone."

"That's fine, please tell me a bit about yourself first."

"Well, I'm the head mistress at the nearby girls only high school,
Drummoyne. Do you know it?"

"Yes I've passed it a couple of times."

"Okay then. I've worked there for five years now and I feel I'm doing
a really good job. The school runs well, the students are happy and so
are their parents."

"Are you happy with your job?" asked John, looking up from the notes
he was making.

"Well, I would have to say yes. Yes I am." she said looking at the
Doctor as he looked back down to the notes he was making. She thought
he was a quite handsome man, just the type of guy she would like to go
out with, or at least would one day when her job became a little less
hectic.

"May I call you Sarah?"

"Please do Doctor."

"Well Sarah, what is your problem exactly?"

"Over the last couple of nights I've been having a bit of trouble
sleeping. I wake up at odd hours as if I've been having a bad dream,
but I can't remember a thing."

"So is it violent enough to wake up your husband?"

"I'm single, I sleep alone. It's only me that I'm bothering"

"All right then, there must be something bothering you that is
plaguing your sleeping mind. I think we'd better have a bit of a
chat." he said.

"Whatever you think it needs Doctor."

John stood up and walked around the desk to the other side of the room
and closed the curtains, cutting off the daylight streaming in from
the town outside. This left only the green shaded lamps to provide the
light, and this gave the room a warm, cosy feeling. John then walked
over to a long leather therapist's couch which was up against the wall
behind the chair Sarah was sitting in.

"Come and lie down on the couch over here. Leave your jacket so you
won't crush it."

"Okay." said Sarah standing up and draping her jacket over the back of
the chair. She walked over to the couch and lay down on the soft
leather.

"Are you comfortable?"

"Yes, thank you Doctor."

John sat down in a chair placed next to the couch and pulled his
notepad out again.

"I think I would recommend a short period of hypnosis. I really need
to find out what is bothering you. Do you agree?"

"Yes Doctor, please do what ever is necessary to let me sleep
properly."

"All right then, look into my eyes for a moment." he said and turned
towards her.

Sarah looked up at him and stared deeply into his brown eyes.
Concentrating intently John thought back to his training  and a little
trick he'd picked up while on extended study in an Asian community. He
could hypnotise a person without an external point of focus like a
watch or something, just by looking into their eyes. John stared at
Sarah's green eyes and then blinked once. Suddenly Sarah's head slid
down coming to rest against her shoulder.

"Sarah can you hear me?"

"Uh huh."

"All right then let's try a few simple things to get you used to
listening to me. Raise your right arm." and in response Sarah's right
arms rose up. "Now the other one." and then her left arm rose up to
join it. "Put them down now Sarah. Sarah, you are worried about
something aren't you?"

"Yes Doctor, I am"

"What is worrying you, Sarah?" asked John in anticipation of something
interesting. Perhaps a little scandal or something strange and
unusual. Anything but the ordinary complaints about how their parents
didn't pay them enough attention as a child or how they are unable to
function in society as adults because the other children teased them.
Something with a little pizzazz.

"I have an upcoming review, I worry that I'm not doing enough for the
Girls. Is there something I'm not providing for them?"

John shook his head in disbelief. Her reason was so uninteresting, and
so dull. It could be fixed immediately.

"Sarah, you are a fantastic teacher and a great headmistress. There is
nothing the review board can say you aren't doing. Your worries are
unnecessary, discard them."

"Yes Doctor...."

"Now lie there a moment and think about all the good things you've
done for the school." said John moving back to his desk. He finished
off the file and put it away, and then sat down behind the desk. This
was the final straw and he'd had enough. There must be something
interesting he could do. He leant back in the chair and began to
consider what he should do. Looking around the office his eyes glanced
across Sarah still lying on the couch. Where he was sitting he could
see her perfectly. He could see the way the nipples on her medium
sized breasts were pushing the silk up. He could see up her skirt to
where her white satin panties were nestled snugly into the cleft at
the top of her legs. Ideas began to whirl in John's mind.

John leant over and pressed the intercom button, "Alice, is there
anyone else for today?"

"No, that's the last one for today John." crackled the response.

"All right then, I'll need some extra time with Sarah Johnson. See
that I'm not disturbed." and with a flick he switched the intercom
off. Then he walked over, locked the door and then sat down in the
chair next to the couch. When a patient was like this he could do
anything to them, and he could get them to do anything. John decided
it was time to make this job a little bit more interesting.

"Sarah, this is your master speaking. You will do anything I say,
immediately and without hesitation. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I will do anything" she mumbled.

He reached over and took her left breast in his hand and began to give
it a soft squeeze. He could feel her nipple pushing up into the palm
of his hand, and as he squeezed the nipple began to harden. He then
reached over and gave the other breast equal attention. He then
reached down to the hem of her skirt and slid it up to give him a good
view of her pantie covered pussy. Sliding in a finger from the side of
her panties he began to rub his finger back and forth across her hairy
slit, and then he turned his hand a little and slid the finger in
between the lips.

"This is gonna be great" thought John "I think I'll get her clothes
off now"

"Sarah, stand up and walk to the middle of the room" and she responded
immediately. "Now unbutton your blouse and take it off." Her blouse
quickly fell in a heap on the floor exposing her white bra which
matched her panties. "That's good, now take the skirt off too." and
with a quick unzip the skirt slid down and she kicked it over with the
blouse. "Now take the bra off, and then I want you to press your tits
together and play with your nipples." Sarah responded quickly. The bra
was in the pile and then she raised her hands up and took a handful of
each tit, and then pressed them both together. "That's it baby squeeze
them together hard, yes that's the way. Now do the nipples." she let
go of her tits and grabbed each nipple between thumb and forefinger
and began to pinch them.

"Uhhhn, ow ow ow." moaned Sarah as she repeatedly pinched her nips
making them grow harder and harder.

"That's enough, now take those panties off and lets see what you've
got down there." and she slid the panties down and then stood up. She
moved her legs apart and thrust her pubic mound forward, making her
little fuckhole pout out from between her legs. "Oh yeah, that's
really nice, now grab the lips and pull them apart" so she reached
down and grabbed her cuntlips one in each hand and spread her pussy
wide open. John could see her pink inner folds, he could see her
little clit peeking out above her lips and he could see her wonderful
hole. "That's it baby, now slide a finger in deep." and she
immediately slid in a finger, penetrating herself as far as it would
reach. "Turn around, bend over and spread your arsecheeks." she
removed her finger from her cunt, turned away from him and bent over
so her face was down near the carpet. Reaching up behind her she
grabbed a cheek in each hand and spread them as far apart as she
could, exposing her little arsehole and the lips of her pussy. "Oh
yeah, great. Come and lie down over here again." said John as he was
now really started to get worked up. Sarah came and lay back down on
the couch, she was still wearing her blue high heels and her white
stockings. John reached down and unzipped his trousers and hauled out
his now rock hard cock. "Sarah, take my cock in your hand and play
with it, massage it." and she reached over to him and took hold of his
dick. She began to slide her hand up and down it's hard length, she
caressed the tip and fondled the balls when she reached the bottom.
She continued this for several minutes until John stopped her. "Stop,
now I want you to suck it, suck it off and swallow the come." and so
she moved over and lowered her head to his crotch. He felt her moist
warmth as she slid his member into the cavern of her mouth. He felt
the pressure of her lips firmly pressed around the shaft and the
suction as her cheeks came in each time it slid into her mouth. Faster
and faster he went as began to fuck her  mouth. He grabbed her by the
back of the head and began moving her head back and forth as she
continued to suck. As his cock began to disappear and reappear from
her throat John was building quickly to release, and with a sudden
grunt he let a load go into her mouth, and as instructed she swallowed
it all down.

"That was great. Get back on the couch and spread your legs as wide as
they'll go, I want to taste your juice." and followed her back over to
the couch. Sarah lay down and spread her legs wide, exposing her
gaping pussy to his greedy eyes. John instantly sank to the couch and
buried his face into the steamy depths of her pussy. He began to lick
his way around the outside of her lips and up to her clit. Running his
tongue back down through her black pubic hair, he reached the skin
between her cunt and arsehole and then quickly pushed his tongue into
her pussy opening. He slid his tongue in and out while playing with
her clitty with his fingers. He then swapped them around and began to
slide a finger in and out. "All right bitch, here I come." and then
slid up the length of her body. His positioned his raging cock at the
lips and then thrust forward into her dewy envelope. The tongue job
he'd done had made her suitably wet and he slid in and out with no
resistance at all. As he was pounding her arse into the couch he
grabbed a breast and began to happily suck on it.

"Why didn't I think of this before." he thought "I can do this
whenever I want, and I have a great idea" and as this revelation came,
so did he. With a sudden thrust he jammed his cock all the way in and
blasted her interior walls with wave after wave of hot jism. As his
cock became limp and slid out, he stood up and began to wipe the come
off with some tissues. He looked down at Sarah still lying with her
legs open and his come now starting to ooze out of her crack. He told
her to clean herself up and get dressed, and handed her the box of
tissues. Once she was finished he sat her back down on the couch.

"From now on you will do anything I ask of you. You will help me with
anything I request and you will not think anything I do or say strange
or unusual. Now wake up and sit up" commanded John.

Suddenly Sarah snapped awake and sat up.

"I feel strangely different Doctor almost..." she hesitated to say
horny in front of the Doctor, what would he think of her behaving like
that when he was here helping her. "No, don't worry about it."

"Well I think your dreams are cured. You did mention one problem
though."

"What was it Doctor?"

"Well you said you were worried you weren't doing enough for your
students. I think I have just the thing for you. I'll give you a call
once I have an answer for you."

"All right Doctor, thankyou for seeing me. Goodbye." and she stood up
and walked out.

John stood up and went back to his desk. "Alice tell the institute
I'll be on extended study and exploration and won't be back in the
office for a few months. Oh, and get me that gynaecological supplies
warehouse over on the other side of town."




Chapter 2



"All right students, settle down." said Sarah Johnson as she stood
before an assembly of all the teachers and students at Drummoyne. Once
the students sat down and quiet descended she was ready to begin. "I
am here to introduce everyone to a new addition here at Drummoyne.
Please welcome Dr Hampton. Dr Hampton is here as temporary special
medical officer and he be attending to each and every one of you as he
goes through the student body checking for illness and other such
things. The teachers will also need to see Dr Hampton as he will be
performing your reviews for your health insurance." and she gestured
at John who was sitting over to one side from the other staff. He
stood and gave a brief nod to the students and the staff and then sat
down again. Sarah turned back to the students. "Dr Hampton is located
next to my office and students will be called up to see him. The staff
will be seen to before the student appointments begin. That will be
all. Dismissed." and the students all as one girlish mass stood up and
flowed out the doors. Sarah walked back to where the Staff were
chatting and separated a lithe, blonde, 23 year old gym teacher away
from the other staff members. "Sandra, your appointment is first, so
follow us back to the office."

"Okay." said Sandra Gee

John was standing watching this from the edge of the stage with great
glee, then he turned and proceeded back to his room.



Sandra walked up to the new special medical room and knocked on the
door.

"Who is it?"

"It's Sandra Gee, the gym teacher. I'm here for my examination."

"Come right in," and with an electronic buzz and then click, the door
popped open. Sandra walked into a white tiled room, with bright stark
fluorescent lighting. To one side was a bench with assorted
instruments  and other items, in the middle was a standard Doctors
exam table, behind it was a changing curtain and some other cupboards.
John was standing next to the table wearing a welcoming smile. He was
dressed in a white lab coat and was holding a chart.

"Hello Sandra, please go behind the curtain and put on this gown." he
said handing her a hospital gown. She took the gown and went behind
the curtain. The wall behind her was some sort of opaque glass and she
couldn't see through it, so she definitely couldn't see the camera
behind it next to Sarah who was sitting rapt in the entire
proceedings. She didn't notice the other hidden cameras around the
room either.

"Once you've changed lie on the table, I'll be back in a moment." and
then John ducked next door into Sarah's office with his passkey. He
went to the closet in the back and slipped inside. He was now in the
alcove behind his office and he could quite clearly see Sandra
starting to remove her top. This stuff was great, it looks like black
perspex, but it's like a two way mirror. Sarah was watching intently
and John snapped back to reality in time to see Sandra slip her shirt
off and hang it up. Next she removed her sports bra and then her
little pleated skirt. The bloomers and panties followed leaving her
stark naked until she slipped her robe on.

"This will be good babe, stay hear and watch the fun." he said as he
slipped back to his room.

Sandra was laying on the table waiting for him as he came back in and
locked the door.

"Well, let's get started then." and John picked up his stethoscope and
walked over to her. He reached down the front of her gown with the
stethoscope and pressed the cold metal against her right nipple. With
a shocked little intake of breath she remembered her years of being
doctored to and began the requisite breath in and breath out. Then
John repeated this with the left breast. As he removed his hand he
brushed his finger tips across her nipple and felt how hard the cold
metal had made it. He quickly took her blood pressure and then pulled
out a thermometer.

"Have you ever had one of these examinations before?"

"No, I haven't." said Sandra

"Well I'm afraid we have to do your temperature rectally. Do you
understand?"

"You want to stick it up my arse?"

"Yes, spot on. Now roll over and get up on all fours please," said
John trying to contain his lust. He could see Sandra was hesitant to
allow this to go ahead, he was really going to enjoy cracking this
one. "I understand your reluctance, but I'm afraid it's the necessary
procedure and I can't sign your form without it," and that seemed to
do the trick as she slowly rolled over and then slid up onto all
fours. John walked around behind her and snapped on some latex gloves.
She flinched as she heard the latex snap back, but then tried to force
herself to relax. John spread some lube onto his finger and then
applied it to her arse. She flinched back from each touch, but she
stayed in position. "Are we all ready?" asked John with a wink at
Sarah behind the glass. He then slid the thermometer into Sandra's
arse in one smooth movement.

"Arrgh!" grunted Sandra, as she gritted her teeth and held her
position. John was admiring her toned arse and thighs. He looked her
up and down. He could see her little arsehole trying to eject the
invader. He could see her pussy lips covered in little blonde hairs,
peeking out from the top of her thighs. He could see her leg muscles
quivering, as tight as bowstrings as she braced herself against the
indignity she was being forced to endure. He decided that was enough
and slowly pulled the thermometer out.

John decided it was time to begin the festivities.

"Roll over and lie back down on the table." said John and as soon as
she did this he reached down and snapped on the wristlocks hidden at
the sides of the table.

"What the hell are you doing?!" demanded Sandra.

"I need to perform another exam and I can't have you squirming around
on the table" said John as though it was perfectly natural

"What else are you doing then?" she asked

"Just a little gynaecological exam. Nothing to worry about."

"What! You're kidding, let me up." she demanded and began to struggle
with the locks.

John walked back to the table with the optional stirrup attachments
for the table and locked them into place. He then grabbed one of her
writhing, kicking legs and strapped it into place and then he did the
same with the other. She was now locked into place with the only the
hospital gown covering her modesty. She thrashed her head from side to
side until John slid a large knife out of his jacket and waved it in
front of her.

"Will you please stop that stupidity. You'll only hurt yourself, you
can't go anywhere until I release you, and I'm not going to release
you until you've been properly examined." and with that he reached
down with the knife and split the hospital gown right down the centre.

"No, please don't." she pleaded

He reached down and folded back the halves of the gown to expose her
shapely breasts, some of her long blonde hair had fallen down over
face and it gave John an idea. He reached up and forced her mouth open
and stuffed as much of her long hair into it as he could to gag her.
Now she couldn't talk or see him properly, she began to whimper
quietly. John then moved down and opened the gown up over her cunt.
There presented before him, spread wide open and raised for inspection
was her little blonde pussy, and below that was her puckered little
arsehole. He reached down and gave them both a bit of a rub. He bent
down to give her pussy a quick lick to get the taste of her on his
tongue and then he pulled his cock out and rammed it all the way up
her cunt accompanied by a muffled cry from Sandra. John then began to
pound her cunt hard and fast until he spurted into her velvety depths.
He then slid his cock out and positioned it at her arsehole. Sandra
realised what he was about to do and began to yell through her gag.
With another wink at Sarah through the glass he slammed his cock up to
the hilt into her arse. She screamed and slumped resignedly back down
to the table. John pounded her arse and left another deposit in her
body. Then he waved Sarah into the office. Sarah came around, and
motioning her to be quiet John slid a strap on dildo on over the top
of her suit trousers. Then he pointed her at Sandra's pussy and
indicated that she couldn't see through her own hair. Sarah happily
stepped up to the table and lubed up the dildo by rubbing it up, down
and around Sandra's snatch. Then she fed the long dildo into her and
began to pump while fondling Sandra's clit. After a few long moments
Sandra came to orgasm against her will and Sarah pulled out and
stepped back with her dildo still slick and dripping from Sandra's
cunt juice.

John stepped up and moved Sandra's hair out of her mouth, and away
from her face.

"You bastard, you've ripped my arse open, and my cunt is so sore.
You're dead."

John simply grabbed her by the top of the head and looked into her
eyes and blinked once. Sandra's head suddenly went limp and rolled
over.

"Sandra, I am your master and you will do whatever I say from now on,
without question or hesitation. Do you understand?"

"Yes master."

"You only remember coming and having a normal examination from me, and
then you will return to your duties. Notify me of anything that
happens in your classes, especially anything which requires
disciplinary measures."

"Yes master."

John then untied her and removed the stirrups and hid them in the
closet again. John led her back to her clothes and told her to get
dressed. As an afterthought he made her leave her panties and bloomers
behind, so now if anyone caught a glimpse up her skirt they'd get a
bit of a thrill.

"Wake up and go about your business" and she instantly woke up. 

"Will that be all?"

"Yes for the time being, thank you Miss Gee. Goodbye." 

Sandra then turned and walked out of the room. It crossed her mind
that her nether region felt a little cold and sore, but it was nothing
to worry about for the moment.

John turned to Sarah, who was still wearing the Dildo and took it and
put it away.

"All right Sarah back to work, I'll be watching the tape we just made.
I think we might try a schoolgirl next." and John led her back to her
office and he went into the alcove room at the back to view the tapes
made from the cameras around the room.




Chapter 3

"John I have a girl here which you may like to do something with."
said Sarah over their interoffice intercom.

John looked up from where he'd been looking through the student
records and made his way out of the secret alcove into Sarah's office.
Sarah was sitting behind her desk with a student's file open on it.

"What's the story?' asked John, lounging on the long visitor's couch
along the wall opposite her desk.

"I have a 17 year old girl here called Amanda, and she's normally a
competent student. Not outstanding, but good and certainly not a
troublemaker. Today she's been making trouble in class again for the
third day in a row. Her 16 year old, younger sister Michelle is also
starting to show early signs of the same behaviour. A couple of weeks
ago their parents separated and they live with their mother now, her
name's Carol Simpson."

"Sounds like she's reacting to what's going on at home. I suppose we
could talk to her mother and sister as well though..." said John with
an evil leer.

"She's waiting outside to be disciplined for her behaviour. What shall
I do?"

"Call her sister up here as well, and once they're both here then call
them in."

Sarah turned to the intercom and arranged to have Michelle sent up
from her class.

"I think we should sort them out, and then I'll take them home to have
a word with their mother. That should do me for the afternoon. I might
go home after that." said John.

The intercom buzzed and Sarah pressed the button, to be informed that
Michelle was now also waiting in the office outside.

"I think a bit of spanking, and then how would you like to pop some
cherries, Sarah?"

"You want me to do it? Well I suppose it's something that's always
tempted me somewhat"

"That's the spirit Sarah. I can see we're going to get on really
well." said John, glad that he had removed all of Sarah's inhibitions
and allowed her deviant impulses to run wild. She would now quite
happily delve into any perversion that took her fancy, and without any
coercion from him. "Send them in my dear."

Sarah pressed the door button on the intercom and the door clicked
open and two young teenagers walked into the office. Amanda was the
taller and her tits were a bit larger than Michelle's. Amanda had
light brown hair and her sister's hair was almost blonde. They both
wore their long hair in pony tails and the had on their correct school
uniform, consisting of a knee length navy blue skirt, a white blouse
with a red neck tie, a navy blue school blazer, little white socks and
black patent leather shoes. Sarah stood up and took the initiative.

"All right girls, now both of you have started being insubordinate in
your classes and I would like to know why? This sort of behaviour is
unacceptable and you will both of course be punished to prevent a
repeat performance. What is your reason?" she said glaring at the two
girls who were shifting about uncomfortably facing her from the other
side of her desk. John was still lying on the couch and as they had
not even glanced at him, he didn't think they had noticed him. He
looked them up and down from behind, but could only make out the curve
of their pert young buttocks.

"We don't know Miss." said Amanda on her sister's behalf.

"Well that's not good enough. I know there's problems at home but you
can't let it interfere with your school work. Don't let it happen
again! Now as for your punishments: you Amanda will get ten spanks on
your bare bottom and Michelle will get six. Now both of you lean
forwards over the desk." said Sarah standing up and walking to the
side of the desk.

Reluctantly both Amanda and Michelle laid themselves over Sarah's desk
and closed their eyes in anticipation. John stood up and motioned
Sarah to be quiet, and come and stand behind them with him. He then
grabbed the hem of Amanda's skirt and raised it up to her waist
revealing her sweet buttocks encased in a pair of navy blue bloomers.
John eased his fingers under the elastic at the top and slowly slid
them down over her panties and removed them. The panties underneath
were a pair of light blue cotton briefs and John quickly slid these
down to her ankles and removed them as well. He reached out and placed
one hand on each cheek and she flinched involuntarily. Slowly he moved
the cheeks apart and drank in the vision of her little pussy and
arsehole peeking out from between her cheeks. Then he turned to Sarah
and nodded to her and moved back. Sarah moved into position and
prepared to start spanking the girl.

"All right this is what you deserve, now hold still and count out the
ten." and with that she swiftly slapped the left cheek of Amanda's
arse, Amanda quickly recoiled in pain, but remembered to count the
stroke. Then Sarah slapped the right cheek, leaving a lovely reddening
hand print right in the middle. Sarah continued like this for the
other eight strokes and then finished off by giving each cheek a
little rub with the palm of her hand. "Now stay there and think about
your behaviour, while I attend to your sister." and then Sarah stepped
back allowing John access to the younger girl. John slid her skirt up
to her waist to find a similar pair of navy bloomers. He slid these
down to reveal a little pair of white panties covered in little
daisies. These turned John on immensely and he slid them down to her
ankles and off, while allowing his fingertips to drag all the way down
her buttocks and legs in one sensual move. He was betting she did not
know what was going on, but she hadn't been disciplined before so she
wouldn't know this wasn't normal. He lovingly spread her cheeks and
gazed at her exposed holes and thought of the fun to come. He stood up
and moved into position to spank her himself. Sarah got the message
and walked over behind him.

"All right Michelle, it's your turn now. Count out your six strokes
and don't move".

John then brought his hand down with a resounding slap which brought a
cry out of the young girl. She too remembered to count her strokes and
then John was finished and he left his hand on her cheeks and fondled
them a bit before stepping away.

Amanda heard that Michelle's punishment was over and she began moving
off the desk, she looked up and saw John standing behind her.

"What's going on Miss? Why's he here?" said a horrified Amanda.

"Amanda, lie back down on that desk! I did not tell you to move yet.
You are in more trouble now. As for Dr Hampton he is here to make sure
that you are both all right after your punishment. He will need to
examine you briefly so do as he says." commanded Sarah.

"Everything's all right girls, I am a doctor after all, I've seen lots
of naked women. Now Michelle get up and come over here. I'll look you
over in a minute, Amanda can go first." and Michelle stood and came
over to him. Quickly he looked her in the eyes and blinked once, she
was under his power.

"Michelle just stay there and do as you are asked immediately."

"Yes Doctor."

"Now Amanda, please roll over onto your back." and Amanda complied so
that she was now lying on Sarah's desk with her legs hanging over the
edge. "I'll need you to get into position for me to check, so bring
your knees up so that your feet are on the desk and then slide them
apart for me." and with a look of hesitation she slowly brought her
legs up so that her legs were bent at the knees with her feet resting
on the desk, and then at an even slower pace she slid her feet apart
and spread her knees. "That will be fine, this will only take a
second." said John looking down at her face. She had clenched her eyes
shut and rolled her head to the side as if to try and get away from
what was happening. John lifted her skirt over her knees exposing her
gaping pussy. He knelt down and signalled Sarah to go and stand on the
other side of the desk behind her head. John reached down to her
arsecheeks and after giving each one a brief caress he moved his hand
up to hover over her gaping gash. Then quickly before she realised
what was happening he extended his thick middle finger and slid it all
the way up her pussy. She sat up instantly in time to see him stepping
back from her and looking up at Sarah behind her.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" she was getting quite
worked up now.

"Yes I was right Sarah," said John, the both of them ignoring Amanda,
"She is a virgin, just right for you."

Amanda was becoming hysterical now "I won't tell anyone just let us
go. We won't say anything will we Mich?" and turned to see Michelle
standing in the middle of the room staring blankly at another wall.

"What the hell?" yelled Amanda

"All right, that's enough." said John as he stepped back between her
parted legs and forced Amanda back onto the desk. He then instructed
Michelle to come over  and grab her arms. Sarah showed her what to do
and she held her sister down on the table. John then reached down and
grabbed Amanda's little blue panties off the floor and shoved them in
her mouth as a gag, reducing Amanda's protests to muffled noise. Then
John reached up and unbuttoned her blouse to reveal her bra enclosed
tits. He simply ripped the bra of and then leaned down and took one of
her breasts in his mouth. He motioned Sarah over and she took the
other in her mouth. This drove Amanda over the edge and she began
madly wriggling to try and get up, but with John's weight holding her
down and her sister securing her arms there was not much she could do.
John began to bite her nipple and then he let her tit go from his
mouth.

"All right Sarah get yourself ready." he said pointing at the cupboard
where he stored his assorted toys. Sarah went over and got out the 8"
strap on dildo and a bottle of lube. She quickly stripped her clothes
off and came back wearing only the strap on. When Amanda saw her she
again began her struggles, but once again to no avail. John slid up
over Amanda and spun around into a sitting position on her stomach
facing her pussy while holding her legs back and apart.

"Now lube that bad boy, and then feed her a little at a time, pull
back a bit and then giver her some more. You'll feel the resistance
when you hit her hymen, then go from there." suggested John

Sarah stepped up with a nod and slowly began working the dick in and
out of Amanda. Slowly she went deeper and deeper until she has opened
her up enough to get it all the way to the flesh wall. She worked it a
bit more to get it all nice and lubed and then pulled all the way out.

"You ready John? Then watch this!" she yelled as she slammed the
entire length of the dildo up Amanda's cunt, ripping through her
cherry and up to the mouth of her womb. Amanda cried out through the
gag, and only a muffled gurgle was audible to them. What was going
on?, why wasn't her sister helping her? These and a thousand other
thoughts were all racing around in Amanda's head as Sarah slid the
blood covered dildo out of her abused slit and slipped it off. She
then collapsed to the floor and fingered herself to orgasm.

John got up off Amanda and grabbed her by the hair, forcing her head
up so he could see into her eyes. He blinked once and she went limp in
his arms.

"All right Michelle let her go. Amanda come and stand over here, and
Michelle come back over here to me. Oh, and Amanda take those panties
out of your mouth and put them back on." and the two girls responded
immediately. Michelle came around to stand by him, and Amanda slipped
her panties back on and stood over in the middle of the floor. "Now
Michelle awaken when I say so, and when I say muffdiver to you, you
will sleep again. Now awaken." and suddenly Michelle was back to be
the slightly distressed 16 year old waiting for her examination after
her punishment. "All right Michelle get up on the desk now, bend your
legs and put your feet on the table. That's right, now slide your feet
a bit further apart and spread your knees a bit more. Perfect, now
stay like that." said John moving forward between the girls legs. He
reached down and slid her skirt up over her knees to reveal her little
blonde cunt, just waiting for him. He bent down and rubbed his hand
over her arsecheeks and looked up at her looking down at him "There
doesn't seem to be any permanent damage. Wait, what's this?" he said
enigmatically to he keep her in suspense. As she was looking down on
him with concern he quietly unzipped his trousers and slipped his rock
hard cock out. He placed his thick middle finger over her slit and
with one movement slid his finger all the way in, he felt her Hymen
and pulled his finger out. "Good, another Virgin. Amanda bring her
panties over here please." he said as he held the struggling girl down
on the desk. Amanda walked up to him with her sister's little white
floral panties in her hand, John reached up and forced Michelle's
mouth open and then turned to Amanda. "Shove those in her mouth. Good,
now open her blouse for me and rip her bra off. That's it, what a
great set of little tits! Hold her arms for me please." and John then
had his hands free to reach up and maul her springy little breasts. He
took a hold of both of her nipples and began to pinch them, making
them swell and raise up in protest. He then reached down between his
legs and grabbed his cock. He rubbed it up and down her slit a little
bit first and then started to feed his cock into her cunt. "My god
she's tight Sarah." he said to Sarah who had moved up next to him to
watch the action, "I'm gonna split her open right now!" he said with a
grunt and then a final shove which drove him all the way to the hilt.
He had torn right through her cherry and she had begun a low moan in
response. "Should I fill her up with come?" he said looking at Sarah

"Yeah do it, then if she gets pregnant we can discipline her for
that!" said Sarah with an evil grin on her face.

John nodded in agreement and began to thrust in and out of her
slippery passage. His thrusts became quicker and he let fly with a
torrent of come to fill her right up. She began her protest again as
she felt the hot jism spraying her insides, but it was all too late.

"Ahh, that was good. Now, we'd better clean up and go and sort the
mother out. Michelle, muffdiver." and with that her head rolled back
and she was under again. John pulled out of her pussy and grabbed her
panties out of her mouth and wiped the blood off his cock on them. He
instructed everyone to get cleaned up and get dressed, and then they
would be off.




Chapter 4

Carol Simpson was an unemployed housewife who had reached the edge of
despair after her husband had left. He had said she was too
controlling, she had too many stupid rules and conditions on life, but
she knew that was the only way she could bring order to the chaos
around her. Now that he was gone she had only her life rules and her
God to see her through. She had embraced them both firmly and knew
those two no good daughters of hers would need some strict supervision
to see they grew up correctly . There would be no sin, no evil
temptations allowed from now on. She had purged the house of all
outside distractions, the television, radios and music had all been
removed. The girls now had time to study properly, and they would need
to study a lot if they were going to succeed in this world dominated
by men. Yes she would see they were given every opportunity to proceed
with her agendas for them.

This Doctor from the school did not seem very sympathetic however, he
seemed almost suspicious of her. Perhaps she had not explained herself
well, but she had been flustered when the Doctor had shown up at her
doorstep with her two daughters hours earlier than they were supposed
to be home from school. He said they were having some difficulties
since their father had left. They should have been improving, perhaps
they weren't applying themselves as much as they led her to believe.
She would sort them out.

"You wicked evil girls! Here I am slaving away to try and ensure a
good future for you and you don't even have the decency to repay me
with some simple dedication to a given task. I would say  a severe
rethink is in order on your behalf. Perhaps there are still too many
distractions here? But of course that junk food and those candy bars!
No more will you be allowed to eat that food of self destruction."

"Mum! What are you talking about? Please don't take more stuff off us.
We've been studying hard, there are no distractions at all." pleaded
Amanda "This is our only problem, Doctor." she said turning to John.

"I can see it all now. She only became like this after your father
left and she was always a bit of a prude where it came to the body and
sex?"

"I would say that is right" said Amanda.

"You wicked girl! How dare you say such things, and you have the
rudeness to say them in front of me, to a stranger! You will be
severely chastised for this when he leaves." yelled her mother flying
into a rage.

"All right that's enough of that you sick harridan. Come with me."
said John as he quickly lifted Carol up over his shoulder. "Which way
to her bedroom girls?" asked John. He then followed the girls up a
hallway and into an old fashioned room. In the middle of the room sat
an antique four poster bed, and around the room many of the paintings
had been taken down and left propped up against the walls on the
floor. They had been replaced with assorted religious images and
crucifixes. John threw her down onto the bed and jumped on to the bed
himself. She quickly grabbed a metal crucifix she had laying on her
bedside table and smacked him over the head with it, he responded by
slapping it out of her hand and grabbing her by the back of the head
to force her face to face with him, quickly he blinked once and she
slipped away to lay peacefully on the bed. "Girls, pussylapper,
muffdiver." and as he said both of their implanted triggers they both
stopped where they were, and were now both gazing off into the
distance. John leant down and picked up the crucifix which she had
tried to dent his skull with and turned to Carol, "You'll be sorry you
did that you bitch. All right now stand up at the end of the bed. When
I say arselicker you will be awake, however you will not be able to
control your body and it will do anything I tell you to do, and you
will not be able to do anything but watch. All right then, arselicker.
Stand still" and he watched as she woke and then stood perfectly
still.

"What is going on here? Why can't I move?"

"I'm afraid I have better uses for your body than you seem to. I have
decided to revoke your privileges to that body until I've had some fun
with you. Oh, and by the way your daughters won't help you as they are
also under my control. So stand there and be quiet until I'm ready for
you." and then he turned away from the now silent 40 year old redhead
and back to her daughters. "Girls when you wake up, your mother is
going to do some things for us to watch, and she wants us to play
along as well. I know the rules so do whatever I say, and you will not
think anything that happens strange or unusual. Now wake up"

As both girls looked around they saw John on the end of the bed and
their mother standing silently facing him. "Come and sit up here on
the bed girls, your mum wants to give us a show." he said with a
wicked grin. The two girls jumped up onto the bed and faced their
mother.

"All right Carol you can start now, we want to see you naked, so take
all your clothes off one at a time and throw them all over the room.
Go on." and as he said that she sprung into action. She felt her hands
moving but she couldn't control them, they reached up and unbuttoned
her blouse to reveal her bra and her medium breasts  therein. She
threw the blouse and then her hands went down to the waist of her
skirt, they undid the button and zip and the skirt crumpled to the
floor, she kicked it away in another direction. She was now standing
in her white cotton bra and panties and her slippers. She kicked the
slippers away and reached behind her for the clasp on the bra, and
suddenly her breasts sprang free, she slid the bra off and threw it
away. Then she reached for the waistband on her panties and slid them
down and pulled them off and threw them away as well. She now stood
totally naked with her nipples exposed to the cold air, slowly getting
harder and her entire body covered with light goosebumps. Her red
haired pussy's opening hid in it's bush nestled between the top of her
thighs and she stood with her hands at her sides, with burning hatred
in her eyes. "Now come over here and let us see you closer, slut." and
she walked to within arms reach of the bed. John reached out and
grabbed her tits and began to squeeze them and roll them about.
Suddenly his left hand dove down between her legs and began to brush
it's way through her tuft of pubic hair to her underused slit. "So
tell me bitch when was the last time you had sex?"

"That was two years ago, and I've managed to avoid him since. Now he's
gone I'm safe."

"I really don't think that's going to be the case. You see the girls
here want some entertainment and I've decided you'll give them a
little anatomy lesson. How about that? All right seeing as you don't
disagree I'll start the lesson. Now as I call out a body part I want
you to show it to us, expose it as much as possible. Rub your fingers
all over it and in if possible. Let's get started. Tits" and her hands
reached up and grabbed both of her breasts, pushing them together and
forwards to present them to her audience. She slowly stroked her hands
around and over them and she cupped them and lifted them as John said
"Nipples" and she moved her hands around to grab the nipples. She
began to pull and rub them, then after that she rolled them around
under her palms until John said "Arse" causing her to turn and bend
over. She spread her legs and braced herself with once hand while
using the other to stroke her buttocks, she leaned further forwards
pushing her cheeks back and  up at her audience. "Arsehole" he
commanded and she got down on her knees and leaned forwards to brace
herself with her shoulder on the floor. She reached back with both
hands and pulled her arsecheeks apart to expose her crinkly little
hole. She moved one hand down and slid her middle finger in to the
hilt, as John said "Pussy" so she rolled over onto her back and spread
her legs as far as they would go. She slid her hands down and began to
rub her lips, she slid her fingers up and down the gash to rest on her
clit at the top. She continued to work and slid a finger deep inside
and started to pump it in and out. She was horrified that she was
doing this, she could not control her own body, and this spawn of
Satan was making her do unspeakable things in front of her daughters
who he claims were also under his evil influence, and he hadn't told
her to stop yet. She had forgotten how good the feelings could be.

"Stop that now, come and lie on the bed and spread your legs." and she
slid onto the bed between her daughters and John sat back  down on the
bed at her feet. She spread her legs apart as requested and they all
had a closer look at her most private part. John reached up and gave
it a bit of a rub and then said "Your daughters want to see it
properly, pull the lips open wide and give us a really good look." and
she could not stop her hands from grabbing the lips and spreading them
as far apart as possible. This exposed the fleshy pinkness with, the
slight sheen of moisture and the hidden depths below."

"Now girls you know that children breast feed when they are small?"
asked John

"Yes, we weren't though because mum says that it's a trick of the
devil to start corruption from birth. To get people used to exposing
private parts and to have minute sexual rituals all day long."

"Well it's good that she wants to show you now then isn't it. Grab a
breast each and start sucking on it. Suck until some milk comes out,
if it doesn't then suck harder, if it doesn't work then bite the
nipples." he said with glee knowing full well that no milk would be
coming. The two girls happily locked onto their mother's breasts and
began to suck, after a minute or two their suction  began to increase
and after a further period of time Michelle and then Amanda stopped
and sunk their teeth into her nipples. They both sat up expectantly
then.

"Oh well I guess there's no milk left. I'd better show you sex then."
he said as he unzipped his pants.

"Now this is a dick and it goes into a pussy. Like this" and he slid
it into their mother's pussy. They both looked on intently and happy
that they were being entertained in such an interesting way. John gave
a couple of thrusts and then pulled his throbbing hard cock out. "Now
I've stopped before I was finished so that you can get a better look
at things. I'll show you something a little different now" And he then
lay back and dragged her over on top of him. He then slid his cock up
into her arsehole. She felt it go in and it was even worse than in her
pussy. But he had something more humiliating instore yet.

"Hand me that crucifix Michelle." and Michelle reached over and passed
the metal crucifix to him . He took it and gave it to Carol. "Carol
dear, here's a nice big dildo for you, I want you to fuck yourself to
orgasm with it" and she moved it down and slid it all the way in and
began to pump it in and out.

"Well girls, as you can see that's what my dick was doing, and now
it's in her arse. Wait a minute and I'll show you the finish." he
began to increase the rate of his thrusts and with a grunt pulled his
cock out and spurted come up all over her cunt hair and her hand.

"Now that's what happens when a man finishes, and when a woman
finishes this is what happens." said John noticing that Carol was on
the brink of orgasm. She started to moan even more and thrashing her
head from side to side led to writhing about on the bed and then
release.

"If you look down in her cunt now you'll see that she's very wet.
That's what happens to women. Now Carol go and stand at the end of the
bed. Arselicker." and as she lapsed back into her trance he continued,
"Now you will only remember this as being a good experience. Lighten
up and try and go back to the way you were before all the rules and
conditions, ease up on the overzealous religion and go buy yourself a
dildo. Give yourself an orgasm at least once a day, but more if you
want to. This will help you relax. Girls Cuntlapper, Muffdiver. Now
you will only remember having a play with your mum, but I was not
here, I dropped you off and left. You will help your mum out and meet
her needs if she requests you to. You will wait ten minutes and then
you will get cleaned up and dressed and then continue on as normal
from now." and John zipped his trousers up, walked down the corridor
and out of the house.




Chapter 5

Suzanne Summerfield knew that they would be waiting for her again as
they were everyday, and as she turned the corner on the final leg of
her journey to school she was proven correct. Standing ahead of her
was a group of five girls led by the chief female bully of the school
Kimberly Sinclair. Kimberly was a year older than Suzanne and had
taken an instant dislike to the younger girl for no discernible
reason. Suzanne was a short, lithe young woman with shoulder length
black hair and a talent for tennis. She tried to stay out of trouble
and liked to concentrate on simply getting through each day as quickly
as possible so she could get her work cleared and move onto her
practice games in the afternoon. Kimberly was a larger girl with brown
hair, and as she was a year older than Suzanne her body was more amply
gifted. The boys tended to notice her a bit more, but none had really
made any moves on her. Kimberly knew Suzanne had guys crawling over
each other to get to her, and it burned her up. She wanted to do
something to her, but she hadn't figured out what. It would have to be
something special to make guys stop taking her seriously, perhaps she
could set her up to look like a lesbian or something. In the meantime
she would simply continue to make her life a living hell.

Suzanne braced herself mentally for the onslaught and then continued
walking towards the school gates. Once she had walked to where the
group were standing Kimberly jumped out in front of her and the other
girls spread out to surround her. At least they were not doing
anything unusual.

"It's lovely to see that you're here again Kimberly. How are you this
morning?"

"Don't give me that crap you little loser, I'm here to make your life
hell and you know it." grunted Kimberly and gave Suzanne a shove to
emphasise her point. Kimberly decided she'd better get on with the
usual bully stuff so that they could all get inside, and she could
think up her new scheme.

"So what lunch did you bring for me today bitch?" asked Kimberly as
she ripped Suzanne's backpack off her shoulder and tore it open. She
reached in and grabbed Suzanne's lunch bag and pulled it out.

"Hey! Put that back you cow, that's mine" yelled Suzanne as she lunged
forwards to grab her lunch from Kimberly.

"Girls, please" said Kimberly with a click of her fingers.  

The other girls who had, up until this moment, simply been standing
around, surged forwards and grabbed Suzanne by the arms and held her
back from Kimberly.

"Do you see how easy it would be for me to hurt you? No one will help
you, they are all just as afraid. I can crush you like the bug that
you are. Remember that!" said Kimberly as she threw Suzanne's backpack
at her.

The girls let Suzanne go and she ran into the school quivering with
rage. She knew that Kimberly was nothing and she could easily take her
out but she could never get her alone. She had to take her down before
she went too far.

She was so engrossed with her train of thought that she did not see
John Hampton standing in front of her. John had been watching the
entire proceedings from the staff car park and reached out and grabbed
Suzanne before she ran into him. Suzanne's head snapped up and she
instantly realised what she had done.

"I'm sorry Doctor, I was not thinking about where I was walking."

"I know miss, I saw what happened with those girls. Are you alright?"

"Yes, they didn't hurt me. They were just playing around."

"Well I'm afraid it didn't look at all friendly to me. I think you'd
better come with me up to the office so I can make a report."
commanded John as he took her by the arm and led her in the direction
of the offices.



"Now you sit right there young lady and tell me what is going on" said
John pointing at the empty chair at the back of his office.

"There's nothing going on Doctor, really. We were just having a bit of
fun before school" said Suzanne. She couldn't tell him the truth, if
she did Kimberly would be taken out of her grasp. What Kimberly and
her gang would do to her afterwards was also a worry.

John had had enough of this charade and so he walked forwards and
looked into Suzanne's eyes. He looked very deeply and blinked once,
and instantly Suzanne slumped backwards in the seat.

"Now let's try this again. What was going on this morning with that
group of girls?" asked John.

Suzanne then proceeded to explain the entire situation to John who
listened with interest. Perhaps I can find something a little
different here thought John and began to plan how to help Suzanne
extract her revenge.



Kimberly was not having a good day, after her usual arguments and her
detentions she was sent up to visit that new doctor. She went in and
he spoke with her for a bit and then let her go. She couldn't really
remember anything much that had happened in there but she had felt
quite strange ever since. There was a strange burning sensation on her
arse almost as though she had been spanked, and her tits were sore as
well. Taking the first opportunity she went to the girls toilet and
positioned her girls outside to make sure no-one came in and disturbed
her. She quickly lowered her red panties and turned her arse towards
the mirror, then looking back over her shoulder she could quite
clearly see that her arse was a deep shade of red. She then unbuttoned
her blouse and lifted her tits out of their bracups and she could see
what looked like bitemarks on each nipple. What the hell was going on!



Kimberly dragged herself out of the broom closet where she'd hidden
herself and proceeded up to the girl's locker rooms. It was five in
the afternoon and the only people left here were the girl's gym team,
and they would be training for another couple of hours yet. Kimberly
had hidden in the closet so that she could get in unseen once all the
other doors had been locked. She wasn't sure what her plan was but she
had an irresistible urge to go up to the locker rooms where she knew
it would all be sorted out.



John was sitting patiently with Suzanne waiting for Kimberly to
arrive. John had implanted the need for both Suzanne and Kimberly to
be here this afternoon when he had hypnotised them both earlier in the
day. John had finished with Suzanne after she had told him her story
and he sent her off to class and then he called for Kimberly.

When she had arrived he made some smalltalk and then he quickly put
her under. He implanted the idea in her as well and then as an after
thought he decided a bit of discipline was in order. He arranged
Kimberly over his lap and then he lifted her skirt up over her waist.
He looked down at her arse snug in her red panties and decided it
should definitely be a bare bottom spanking. He slid his fingers under
the elastic of her panties and lowered them down to her knees. He then
slid her up further over his lap and pushing her head down, caused her
arse to raise higher. He could see her little snatch peeking out from
between her arsecheeks and he thought about what was going to happen
tonight. He brought his hand down on her left cheek with a resounding
smack, and then he did the same for the right side. He continued
evenly until her arse had turned a lovely glowing red and then he
raised her panties back up and stood her upright. John was happy with
the result but felt she was not punished enough. He decided a bit of
breast torture was also in order.

He reached down and quickly unbuttoned her shirt allowing him access
to her bra enclosed titties. He reached in and slid her left tit out
of the bra, exposing her nipple to him. He looked at her breast and
then decided upon a course of action. He bent over and placed her
breast in his mouth, took her nipple firmly between his teeth and then
proceeded to bite down on it in a way, had she been awake, would have
had her screaming for mercy. He repeated this on the right tit and
then repackaged her delights. There would be more fun to be had
tonight. So with a final command to only notice the pain from her tits
and arse gradually as the day wore on, he sent her on her way.

John had used his passkey and snuck into the girls locker rooms a few
minutes earlier. While he was waiting he began to consider the
possibilities of installing cameras in here and the showers. This and
a few other ideas were swimming around in John's head when Suzanne
quietly slipped into the room. She had come here from Tennis practice
and had entered through the door John had left open for her. She was
wearing a white shirt, white pleated skirt with matching white
bloomers underneath and white tennis shoes. John had her remove all of
this and she now sat naked next to John on the bench between the
lockers.

Kimberly walked in, covered in dirt and cobwebs from her adventures in
the broom closet and walked up to where John was sitting. John got her
to remove her clothing as well. He now had both of the antagonists
naked before him.

"Kimberly I have decided a suitable punishment for your bullying will
be to allow Suzanne to have her way with you, and pop your nasty
little cherry. You will lie on the floor, you will be awake but you
will not be able to move unless I tell you to, you will do as Suzanne
commands and you will not be able to speak louder than a whisper. You
do not recognise myself or Suzanne you will simply see us as big nasty
bullies bending you to their will. Now down on the floor."

Kimberly  lay down on the floor and instantly came back to full
awareness.

"What do you want?" she whispered.

"My friend here has something for you" said John as he bent down and
slipped the strap on dildo around Suzanne's waist. He finished
strapping it on and then stepped out of the way so that Kimberly could
see what was going on.

"No! What are you going to do to me?" sobbed Kimberly in a whisper.

"Alright my dear, maul her a bit first, then abuse her with it and
then pop her open. Remember what to do, now wake up and do not find
anything strange about this. You are getting your revenge and you are
very happy about this. You want and need to abuse Kimberly and are
happy to get this opportunity and you don't want to waste it. Tell her
what to do and she'll do it. Now go to it" said John to Suzanne.

Suzanne suddenly snapped back to alertness and after quickly taking in
her surroundings an evil leer spread across her face. She reached down
and gave her plastic dick a few strokes, much to Kimberly's horror and
then moved forwards to Kimberly's prone body. Suzanne knelt down on
the floor next to Kimberly's head and reached forwards to take a tit
in each hand. She began to roughly squeeze and pinch her titmeat and
nipples. She then began to pull and twist the nipples as though she
was trying to tune a radio. The whole time this was going on Kimberly
was giving a bizarre whisper scream and John was restraining himself
from laughing in her face.

Suzanne then moved down towards her pussy and positioned herself
alongside her.

"Spread your legs apart slut" commanded Suzanne.

Kimberly suddenly slid her legs apart and to her shame was not able to
stop herself.

Suzanne reached down and began sliding a finger up and down Kimberly's
little slit. She slid her finger up and hooked the little hood which
was hiding Kimberly's little clitty. She slid the hood back to expose
the little nub of pleasure and reached over with her other hand and
pinched it. Kimberly once again began her whisper scream and before
she had time to stop Suzanne began to pluck out pubic hairs, one at a
time. Suzanne kept this up for a few minutes until she tired of
Kimberly's screams and then she moved back up to Kimberly's head.

"Open your mouth, I've got something for you" commanded Suzanne.

As Kimberly's mouth opened Suzanne shoved the entire length of her
plastic dick into her mouth. As Kimberly began to gag Suzanne started
sliding the dick in and out, merrily fucking Kimberly's mouth.

"I think it's time for the main attraction Kimberly, raise your hips a
bit" commanded Suzanne as she moved into position between Kimberly's
open thighs. She moved forwards and began to slide the dildo up and
down the lips of Kimberly's little cunt and then with a snarl of
hatred Suzanne began to violently thrust the dildo into Kimberly's
pussy. Kimberly's cunt was not lubricated and so her spit on the dildo
was the only thing helping the dildo to slide in, this however was not
enough and Kimberly thought she was being torn apart, but the worst
was yet to come. As Suzanne thrust forwards she finally came into
contact with Kimberly's hymen.  With an evil chuckle she wildly thrust
forwards tearing through the flesh barrier guarding Kimberly's womb.
This sent Kimberly over the edge and she resumed her whisper
screaming, and added whisper swearing and abuse. Suzanne continued to
fuck Kimberly, and this was made easier as her virginal blood was
lubricating the fuck tunnel. Suzanne had also discovered that the
dildo had a little bump on the back of it, and it pressed against her
clit each time she thrust forwards, this was serving to bring her off
as well. Before she was finished she decided one final indignity was
in order. She pulled the dildo out of Kimberly's ravaged cunt and told
Kimberly to roll over, reach back and spread her arsecheeks apart as
wide as possible.

Once Kimberly was in position Suzanne placed the dildo at Kimberly's
arsehole and suddenly thrust forwards. The dildo slid in and as it was
covered in Kimberly's virginal blood it still had some lubrication and
made Suzanne's job a little easier.

John was watching the proceedings with amazement. This girl was
vicious, he loved it. He had freed his erection from his trousers and
had been tending to his needs for some time and was almost ready to
come. Watching Suzanne's arse pump up and down on top of Kimberly's
arse was a lovely sight, and he decided to add to it. He snuck up and
positioned himself behind Suzanne and quickly spread her arsecheeks
and thrust into her arsehole before she realised what was happening.
She was so lost in her own arousal that it took a moment to register
what had happened, but she was so far gone that she didn't care. John
quickly pumped away and then filled Suzanne's arsehole with his come.
He was followed shortly after by Suzanne's orgasm, and as she pulled
the dildo out of Kimberly's arse she watched some of her own juice run
back down to the tip and drip onto Kimberly's arsecheeks.

John and Suzanne quickly cleaned themselves up while Kimberly lay
whisper sobbing on the floor.

John decided it was time for the final touch. He looked at his watch
and saw that it was almost time for the gym team to head home.

He took the dildo from Suzanne and headed back towards Kimberly.

"Kimberly, roll onto your back again. Now take this dildo and put it
in your pussy. Now you are very aroused and you really want to reach
orgasm, to do this you'll have to fuck yourself with the dildo, and be
energetic about it. Once we leave the room you will be able to speak
at normal levels and the closer you get to orgasm the louder you'll
become, but you won't be able to come until the gym class walk into
the room. You will always remember how humiliated and violated you
feel, every time you look at Suzanne. So from now on you won't want to
go anywhere near her or even think of her. Now put your panties on
your head, that's right and start pumping."

Kimberly began to slide the dildo in and out of her cunt as John and
Suzanne walked out of the door. As soon as the door shut behind them
Kimberly began to moan. John and Suzanne got to the bottom of the
stairs when they heard the gym doors open and the class stampede up
the stairs to the lockers. They waited a few seconds and they heard
the giggling and name calling start when suddenly they heard the
shouts of the gym instructor to break it all up as she went into the
locker rooms. The lockers went deathly quiet and then they could hear
Kimberly's cries of orgasm and the gym teacher's cries of disgust.
Laughing they both exited the building. John then turned to Suzanne
and removed her memories of him being involved so she thought it was
all her own idea and she was lucky to catch Kimberly up there by
herself. John also arranged for her to be one of his sleeper agents
who would tell him of anything or anyone that may interest him. He
then sent her home, and went off to decide exactly what he wanted to
do about a camera system or something for the showers and locker
rooms.




Chapter 6

John Hampton began to stroll casually across the main courtyard from
the administration buildings down towards the classrooms. John had
become sick of sitting in his office looking through the Student
records. He had been through several of the girls and several of the
teachers as well and now he was looking for new inspiration. The bell
had just rung and the last of the girls were disappearing into their
classrooms for the next period. Suddenly out of the corner of his eye
John caught a glimpse of a black and white flash before the door to
the room closed.

"What the hell?" John mumbled to himself "That looked like a nun."

John walked up and looked in the window of the room, and sure enough
there was a young nun in full habit. As John watched her move around
the room he realised she was teaching a religious studies class and he
noticed that a few of his "sleepers" were in her class, so he would be
able to find out anything he wanted to know.

John returned to his office and waited for the next classes to start.
He sent a message down to the class and called Claire Shaunessy up to
his office. Claire was a lovely little blonde that John had thoroughly
inspected during his first week here. She had caught his eye one day
as she walked across the courtyard and he had called her in for her
medical. Once he had her strapped into the exam bed with her legs up
in the stirrups he had merrily popped her little cherry and then given
her virgin arsehole it's first reaming as well. Claire was now one of
John's sleeper agents around the school who were still under hypnotic
suggestion to immediately inform him of anything out of the ordinary
just in case it may be of interest to him.

Claire walked into his office and sat down on the end of the exam
couch.

"Claire, tell me about the young nun that is teaching you religious
studies."

"Her name is Sister Dawson, Karen's her first name. She has been here
for a year and I think this is the first place she has been since
finishing her training. Apparently she is a bit of a traditionalist,
and refuses to even be friendly with us in class."

"Alright, stay right there and I'll be back in a second" commanded
John as he got up and ran off into Sarah's office.



Karen was glad that the day was finally over and she could go home and
relax. She loaded the rest of her paperwork into her satchel and left
the staffroom on her way to her car. She was walking quickly with
purpose towards her car wanting to get away as soon as possible, the
students had all left for home or the dormitories and most of the
other teachers were also gone. She did not like to walk around by
herself here at night so she had no desire to stay any longer than
necessary. As she turned the corner to the car park she almost ran
headlong into a man dressed entirely in black and wearing a black ski
mask. She was momentarily taken aback and then as her mind clicked
back into gear she noticed what was going on. There were two of these
people a man and a woman, both dressed like this and between them they
were hauling a struggling girl towards a grey van in the parking lot.
As they reacted to her, they turned to face her and she noticed the
terrified girl was Claire Shaunessy one of her students.

"What is going on?" asked Karen in a quiet voice.

"Well we were taking this little cunt away for a bit of fun, but
seeing as you're here you can join us too," said the man as he
produced the pistol he had been holding at Claire's back.

Karen mentally reeled from this revelation and before she had time to
react they were upon her. The woman grabbed her arm and dragged her
towards the van. She was rudely thrown into the back alongside Claire,
and was quickly gagged and blindfolded before having her wrists tied
behind her back. They then wedged her under a seat in the back and
after a few moments she felt the van move off. If they said anything
during the few minutes the journey took she could not hear them. When
the van stopped she heard the door slide open and she was yanked off
the floor and carried over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. She
heard a door click open and then they all went inside the building.
She was laid down again on what felt like a rug, and then she was left
alone for a few minutes.



"John this is great, what a rush" said Sarah as they slipped back out
the front door of Karen's house to lock up the van.

John nodded his head in agreement as Claire ran back up the path from
the van after having locked it for him.

"Alright girls, let's go and play with our little nun," and they all
proceeded back inside Karen's house. John was happy as this was going
exactly as planned, they had come here to Karen's house, using her
keys out of her satchel to get in. Apparently her position with the
school was an ongoing one with her particular convent and the house
came as part of the assignment. John thought it added a nice touch to
the humiliation of his new friend. Claire of course had been working
with them all along and was a more than willing participant, she had
proven to be a useful asset and she was integral to the next part of
John's plan.



Karen heard the door open again, she ceased her efforts to free
herself from the ropes and lay still. She heard them approach and
suddenly the blindfold was removed. The two of them stood before her
with Claire held between them. The man was holding the gun at Claire's
head but was looking down at her.

"Alright nun, this is the story. I'm so horny for a little pussy and
I'm going to split this little bitch wide open. Now I'd prefer
something a little more mature, she'll do if I have to, but I think
you may be a better alternative. So here's the deal, I won't fuck this
one if you agree to take her place. You've got five seconds to think
about it," he said and began to lustfully run his hands over poor
little Claire's breasts. Claire was absolutely terrified and began
sobbing with fright.

That was more than Karen could take and she began nodding and trying
to yell at him to stop it, that she would take her place.

"I thought you might see it that way," he said turning to his
companion. "Untie the nun and take her gag out, she's ready to play
nice."

Then he turned back to Karen and knelt down next to her head and waved
the pistol in front of her.

"Just remember that if you try and do anything that is not ordered by
me or my friend here, will leave your little friend here wishing that
I had only screwed her. I will totally fuck her up for all time, do
you understand me?"

Karen nodded in defeat and lay still as she was untied and the gag
removed.

Both the man and woman sat down on her couch with Claire between them,
and suddenly it dawned upon her that this was her living room, they
were in her house! They knew where she lived and who knew what they
were going to do to her.

"Alright bitch get your nun suit off and show us your little nun body.
Leave the hat on, I like it," he said laughing.

"It's called a wimple," said Karen

"I don't give a fuck if it's called a tent, don't you talk back to me.
You don't speak unless we say you can. Now shut the fuck up and get
you damn gear off, unless you'd like me to start on the little babe
here," he said menacingly clicking back the hammer on the revolver he
was holding.

Karen nodded and not wanting to meet their gazes began to slowly
remove her habit revealing her underwear underneath. Then she slid her
slip off leaving her standing there in bra and panties.

"How old are you, little nun slut?" asked the man.

"I'm 26 and I'm not a slut," stated Karen. 

"You just don't get it do you. What has this poor little girl ever
done to you. Well since you've decided I have to end her life, we'd
better get it over with," he said with contempt as he stood up and
raised the gun to Claire's forehead.

Karen instantly realised her mistake and knew that she could not
continue to antagonise these people.

"Wait! Please don't kill her, I'll make it up to you," she pleaded
throwing herself between the man and Claire.

He violently pushed her away and directed her back into the middle of
the room again.

"Alright, but just you remember your fucking place in life now. You
are nothing, the carpet has more rights than you do. So you shut your
fucking mouth before I do something you'll regret. Now get back to it
and take my mind off what a disobedient little cow you really are," he
said with totally undisguised hatred in his voice.

She felt totally helpless and began to remove the remainder of her
clothing. She reached back and unclipped her bra to allow her small
breasts to spring out into the open. The room was cold and the tension
she felt had made her little nipples stand on end, which only served
to highlight her breasts even more.

"See those little titties, I think we may be able to do something with
those. Did you bring the kit?" he asked the woman next to him, and she
nodded in confirmation.

"Good," he said as he looked up and noticed Karen had stopped as she
was watching the two of them. "What the fuck are you waiting for, get
those stupid little panties off slut."

Karen unhappily slid her little white panties down her long legs and
stood totally naked except for her wimple. She was somewhat self
conscious as she had never been naked in front of  another person
before, let alone three.



"Okay that's good. Now grab you tits and massage them a bit, yes
that's right. Now push them together, yes like that. Pinch the
nipples, pull them out, no pinch harder than that. Yes that's the way.
Alright come over here, turn around and bend over and touch your toes.
Very good, now reach back, grab an arsecheek in each hand and pull
them apart so we can have a good look."

Karen complied and John, Sarah and Claire were now face to lips with
Karen's little brown haired pussy. They could also see her puckered
little arsehole quite clearly. John was very pleased at how well this
was going, Claire had acted out her part perfectly and they had the
nun believing them utterly. He decided to see how far he could push
this woman. He reached out and started running a finger up and down
her pussylips, when she didn't react adversely he then began to
concentrate around her little clit. He continued to tease the little
hood covering her clit and then began to slide his finger up and down
the full length of her pussy as well. He could feel that despite her
resistance her body was taking over and she was getting wetter and
wetter. After dipping a finger in and out of the pool of juice
collecting at the base of her clit, he then began to slide it in and
out of her cunt. She groaned as his finger sank all the way into her
depths and then with the other hand he began to stimulate her clit
again. He wanted to make her come and he could feel she was well on
her way there. Her breathing was coming in gasps which were getting
closer and closer together. Just as she was on the verge of orgasm he
removed the finger from her pussy and as he continued to rub her clit
he forced the finger into her arsehole. This pushed her over the edge
and as she came she collapsed into a heap on the floor shuddering from
the strength of her orgasm.

"Well, that was a bit over the top, don't you think. What a little
animal, I love it. Did you hear her grunt, just like a little pig she
was. Give me the crop and the collar" said John to Sarah. She reached
into a sports bag they had brought in with them and handed him a
riding crop and a dog collar with a lead attached to it. John took
these and went over to the quivering heap on the floor that was Karen.
He quickly placed the dog collar around her neck and began to tug on
the lead.

"Alright my little pet, get up on your hands and knees. We're going
for a walk," said John as he dragged Karen up onto all fours.

"That collar looks very nice with your wimple, I think you should
write to the Vatican and ask them to make it part of the uniform,"
said John laughing at her.

Karen restrained herself from saying anything. The unexpected orgasm
had also shaken her resolve a little.

Suddenly John started walking and began tugging on the lead, it was
obvious that Karen was expected to walk after him like a dog on her
lead. She didn't move immediately and her resistance was met with a
quick stroke of the riding crop across her left buttock. She screamed
in agony and collapsed again on the floor. The searing point of white
hot pain had shot from her buttock and had immediately taken away all
of her strength. She was not allowed to rest however and was quickly
dragged back up into position.

"I'm afraid you took too long to respond. Each time you don't get up
straight away you'll get another," said John quickly striking her
across the right buttock. He noticed she now had a lovely matching set
of crop marks, one on each buttock.  This time she quickly got back
into position and they continued their walk without incident.

"I think that's enough, but seeing as you were so bad your mistress
will have something to say to you as well," said John. He then pushed
her head down so that her arms and her head were resting on the floor,
leaving her buttocks raised up in the air. "Now stay, good dog."

John handed the crop to Sarah and pointed her to Karen's raised arse.
Sarah gleefully approached and gave Karen a couple of quick swats on
each buttock. Karen now knew what to expect and was glad that the
woman was not as strong as the man. The swats hurt however, but she
did not collapse this time.

Sarah finished and headed back to the couch. Claire stood up
expectantly and held out her hand for the crop. John looked at Karen
and seeing that she had her face firmly buried in the carpet nodded
his head in allowance. Claire gleefully grabbed the crop and ran over
to Karen. Then with very little finesse began laying into Karen's arse
with many quick swats to both buttocks. Karen was momentarily stunned
by this unexpected assault, but then braced herself and took the
punishment, surely it had to stop soon.

John leapt over and grabbed the crop off Claire and with a look of
annoyance sent her back to the couch. John bent over and ran his hand
over each buttock in turn. At each touch from his hand Karen flinched
and the feel of his hand rubbing over her red welts gave her new
little bursts of pain.

John then raised her up into a sitting position and forced her down so
that she was firmly sitting on her sore buttocks. She had only uttered
a few grunts of pain and the like, during her entire ordeal. John
thought she might actually be getting the idea now.

"So little dog, did you enjoy your walk. Tell your master."

"Yes master, I enjoyed my walk."

"Good, you were very well behaved during your walk. I think it's time
for a reward, now sit there and don't move," commanded John as he
retrieved her blindfold and slipped it back onto her.

John didn't want her to be able to anticipate any of what was about to
happen. He then turned and got a little box out of the sports bag. He
opened it up to reveal the set of acupuncture needles within, they
were not going to be used for any medical reason today. Taking the
first needle John leaned forwards to where Karen was blindly sitting
and quickly inserted the needle into her right nipple.

There was a quick intake of breath from Karen who did not have any
concept of what was happening, suddenly there had been a sharp pain in
her nipple unlike anything she had ever experienced before. Then
again, but in her other nipple, and then again and again at points all
over her breasts. Once it stopped her breasts were afire with tiny
little points of pain all over them.

John had one needle left and after making her breasts look like
porcupines he decided to go for something unexpected. He leant forward
and quickly slipped the last needle into the end of her nose so she
now looked like some sort of bizarre S&M version of Rudolph The Red
Nosed Reindeer.

He sat back and watched as she quietly tried not to writhe about in
her pain, then he decided to let her in on the secret. He removed the
blindfold and stepped away from her. She looked down and almost
screamed in terror as she saw her poor breasts were now covered in
little points of metal. There was also one sticking out of the end of
her nose, and that hurt the most.

"Alright slave, your reward is over. You may remove the needles now
and place them back in their box. Be careful, you don't want to break
any off inside you," said  John as he sat back and watched as Karen
slid the needles out of herself one by one.

"Well now, time is getting on and your mistress is getting tired of
your pathetic performance so far this evening," said John. "I think
it's time for the final act of the show."

John lay down on the floor on his back. His erect penis had been freed
from his pants and was now standing upright waiting for some
attention. John beckoned Karen over to him and made her position
herself over him.

"Now my dear, you are going to take your virginity away on my cock,
how would you like that? I really think Claire would like you to do
that, you see I think she's allergic to guns, especially the bullets.
Do you think that's a wise move on your behalf and hers?" asked John

Karen did not answer she had already resigned herself to her fate and
began to lower herself down onto his cock. She felt the head of his
penis part her lips and then enter her. She could feel the length of
him slowly sliding into her and then stop when it ran into her hymen.
She was unsure of what to do now and looked down at him in confusion.

"It's very easily fixed dear, push down hard until it goes in,"
laughed John.

She began to push and suddenly felt the head tear through and the
remainder of him slipped into her. She could not believe the instant
of pain, but this seemed to be the night for it. These sadistic people
seemed to be revelling in it, and this was the ultimate pain as it
could only be inflicted once. She was now all the way down his shaft
and he reached up and grabbed her hips and began to move her up and
down, she got the message and began to move herself.

She could hear someone moving behind her and knew it was the woman.
She could feel her arsecheeks being spread apart and then something
cold was applied to the little pucker of her arsehole. She could not
work out what the woman was doing, and then with a sudden instant pain
she felt something begin to slide into her unwilling arsehole. The
woman pushed forwards until it was all the way in and Karen felt like
there was another cock in her arsehole, but it was a woman behind her
so she was very confused.

Sarah had managed to get the length of her strap on dildo all the way
up the nun's arsehole without any resistance and then the nun had
stopped moving and seemed to be trying to work out what was going on.
John decided not to worry about it and began to fuck her himself as
Sarah began to slide in and out of her arse. John began playing with
her clit as he fucked her and as Sarah brought her self to orgasm from
the big strap on dildo, Karen also was overtaken by orgasm. As Karen
was reeling from her orgasm John gave one final powerful thrust and
began to spurt jism deep into the nun's womb.

Sarah slipped the dildo out of the nun's arse and moved away, and John
rolled Karen off him to leave her lying on her back on the floor.

She was totally burnt out and could not bring herself to do anything,
she was content to simply lay there and wait for them to leave.

John and Sarah cleaned themselves up and sent Claire back out to the
van with all the stuff, and Sarah followed shortly after.

John went over to Karen and looked into her eyes, he blinked once and
she was under his power.

"Karen, all you will remember about this evening is that you had
trouble with your car and one of the groundskeepers gave you a lift
home. You made dinner to thank him and had a bit to drink as well.
Overtaken by lust you seduced him here in your living room and then he
went home. In the morning you will feel like you have a hangover and
you will believe you had so much to drink that you cannot remember who
it was that gave you a lift home. You feel very ashamed that you have
broken your vows and what's worse is that you think you may be
pregnant. You will come and make an appointment with me tomorrow to
give you a pregnancy check. You will then have the same worry every
couple of days and make another appointment, until I tell you
otherwise. Now go to bed and go straight to sleep. You will ignore any
pain you feel in your breasts or buttocks. Go," said John, and she got
up and went to bed.

John stood up and let himself out of the house and went out to the
van, got in and drove off.

"I think I might try and get that little nun pregnant if she isn't
already, I want to see what she'll do when she finds out she's got one
on the way."

"Yes, that should be fun. I will, of course, want to watch."

"Oh but of course," laughed John as he drove Claire home from her
after school detention.




Chapter 7



After a few weeks of work the renovations to the change rooms were
finished at last. John sat down before the bank of monitors that were
now adorning one wall of his secret room behind the sick bay. With a
satisfied smile, he reached up and threw the power switch and with a
hum all the screens came to life. Looking from monitor to monitor John
was presented with perfectly clear images of the interior of the
change rooms, the showers, the toilets and the dormitory rooms. John
tried the controls and was happy to find that the different cameras at
each location were all working as was the zoom feature.

"This should all come in handy, I'm glad we went with the full
options. You really need to be able to get in close to the action when
required," thought John.

  After John's escapade in the change rooms he had decided that a few
cameras might pique his viewing interest and had set about getting
them installed using the holidays as a chance to have his renovations
carried out. He now had several hidden cameras installed in assorted
locations throughout the complex as well as a few other little
surprises, all of which he couldn't wait to try out.

Today was the first day back from holidays for the students so he
would shortly be able to try it out.



Mandy and her four friends finished telling each other about their
holiday adventures as they all burst through the doors together into
the change rooms. They were all from average middle class families and
had all been apart from each other on their family vacations. The
moment they had all arrived at school they began to talk and hadn't
stopped as they began to remove their clothing to change into their
sports uniforms. As they slipped off their outer garments and replaced
them with sporting apparel, Natalie the school's resident blue blood
arrived to change into her uniform.

Natalie was a pert young blonde with a sour disposition and no
tolerance for those she decided were idiots, and there were idiots
everywhere. As soon as Natalie strode into the room and began to
purposefully remove her clothing she made a special point of not even
acknowledging the presence of the other girls. Natalie was a beautiful
young woman, which she knew, and she was also one of the schools
better pupils, and she was well aware of this too. She did not have to
bother herself with these people, she was going places and they would
be stuck in mediocrity forever.

"Hello Natalie" the girls all chorused together as she slipped out of
her skirt. This only warranted a quick glance of contempt from Natalie
who then returned to her skirt zipper.

"Now girls, you know perfectly well Natalie has more important things
to be doing rather than wasting time talking to us," said Mandy in a
mocking tone.

"Quite correct," grumbled Natalie.

This caused the other girls to begin to laugh as they made their way
out of the change rooms.

"Stupid fools, they'll be pregnant and housewives by the time they're
nineteen," thought Natalie.



Natalie came to the end of the cross country track and emerged from
the scrub onto the school field. She made her way back to the starting
point to see Miss Gee standing alongside Mandy and her friends.

"... I mean it girls, you'd better be telling me the truth," finished
Miss Gee as Natalie came into earshot.

"We were out on the course Miss, please don't suspend us. Look there's
Natalie she'll tell you she saw us," pleaded Mandy. She was looking at
Natalie and had a look of utter desperation on her face.

"Natalie, did you see any of these girls out on the course? I believe
they were hiding and didn't go anywhere near the course, they need to
pass this class to finish this year. If I report them again then
they're suspended and they'll be back again for another year," stated
Miss Gee in a weary voice.

"No I didn't see them once, sorry," said Natalie as she headed for the
showers, leaving them to their fate.



John wandered into his control room and gleefully switched on his new
toys. The screens burst to life and he could see several girls in
various stages of undress and there were also a few in the showers.
John settled back in his chair and turned on the sound. He heard the
door open and suddenly the school's resident genius walked in to the
change room. John sat up and called out to Sarah.

"Sarah, what's this girl's name?"

Sarah Johnson walked into the room from her office and looked at the
screen he was pointing at.

"That's Natalie Portman, she's one of our best students and she is
also a beauty queen. Is she getting undressed?" asked Sarah.

"She's just come in from a run, so I guess she'll be having a shower
as well."

"I've always wondered what she looked like under those little bathing
suits she wears in her pageants."

Natalie was down to her bra and panties after having removed her
t-shirt and skirt. Natalie reached back and unhooked her bra allowing
her medium sized breasts to breathe freely. She then slid her panties
down her athletic legs and stood in full view of the camera for a
minute while she rummaged for a towel in her bag.

The buzzer on the phone began to pulse and Sarah had to go back into
her office. John shut the door as he saw Miss Gee and some girls come
in. Miss Gee looked annoyed and the girls had been crying, he would
ask Sarah about this later.

John turned back to his screens in time to see Natalie disappear out
of shot heading towards the showers. He switched to a camera mounted
above the shower stalls which looked down into the showers. He watched
as Natalie stepped into the cascade of warm water and began to rub the
bar of soap over her tits. She moved down her stomach and around to
her back and her buttocks. She then soaped up her pussy and then
started down one leg and then the other.

Sarah burst back into the office. "What did I miss, oh she's in the
shower. Very nice arse. You'll never guess what that was all about in
my office."

"What?"

"Well those girls have been hiding after pretending to go on the cross
country run, and then turning up at the end as though they'd been on
the run. They were caught and after trying to get Natalie to lie for
them, they've been suspended. I just sent them running back over there
to get changed before I send them all home. I wonder what will happen
when they find Natalie still there."

"Now that could be interesting, look here they come," said John with
anticipation.

The girls marched back into the room and began to angrily strip their
clothing off before proceeding into the shower. They were so angry and
at the same time frightened of what would happen when they arrived
home, that none of them had spoken a word since entering the room.

They all headed into the shower area to find one of the showers
running, whoever was in there had not heard them over the shower noise
and they continued their shower in blissful ignorance of their
presence. Quickly the girls realised that the long blonde hair they
could see through the steam only belonged to once person, Natalie!

"You fucking Bitch!" screamed Mandy as she launched herself at
Natalie. Before Natalie realised what was happening she had been
grabbed by the hair and dragged out onto the floor outside the
showers. Natalie quickly covered up to try and protect herself from
the blows that began to rain down upon her, then she lashed out and
felt a satisfying connection with Mandy's stomach which sent the girl
staggering backwards. Natalie quickly got to her feet and found that
Mandy had recovered and was advancing upon her again, while the other
girls were cautiously circling the pair.

"All you had to do was say yes. How hard would that have been, would
it have taken that much out of you?" spat Mandy venomously at Natalie.

Natalie had not really considered the consequences of her actions but
was not really that concerned for these girls.

"So what happened to you?" asked Natalie.

"We were all fucking suspended, what did you think was going to happen
you stupid slag. You've really screwed us, and now it's time for some
payback."

"Well, it's probably for the best. If you do the year again you might
understand it this time. There are also unlimited possibilities for
love as well. Think of all those younger men too stupid to know what
trollops you are, one of them might even go out with you," sneered
Natalie with contempt.

Mandy screamed a curse and leapt at Natalie again. Natalie was ready
for her this time and her self defence training kicked in literally.
Natalie turned and gave Mandy a quick side kick to the stomach which
dropped her to the floor like a sack of potatoes. Natalie decided that
it was time to make her exit and while they were all fussing over
Mandy  she quickly exited the room locking the door behind her. She
quickly dressed and left the room just as the girls discovered they
were locked in the showers and began to yell threats at her.

John was laughing at the performance he had just seen.

"I think  we can have some fun with Natalie, go and get those girls
out and bring them to me," instructed John.



After school that evening Natalie returned to the dormitory room where
she was staying. Her parents had sent her here and they lived too far
away to return home each night. This meant Natalie was forced to live
in one of the rooms on campus. The other girls in the dorm were on
average also quite pretty and reasonably intelligent so she could at
least have a conversation with them and not feel like injuring them
after a few seconds in frustration.

Earlier in the evening John had switched on one of his other new toys,
so now he could mix a light sedative in with their water at the press
of a button. He was now sitting watching the activities in the dorm
while he was waiting for 10pm to roll around. On the stroke of ten the
five girls all showed up as he had instructed them to.

"Alright girls, we're going to go and visit your friend Natalie and
her dorm mates. I think a little revenge is in order don't you?"

They all voiced their agreement and they set off on foot across the
campus towards the Dorm building. He had programmed the girls to allow
their lust for revenge to over come all other considerations in their
minds, but they would defer to his judgement and would do as they were
told.

They arrived at the front door and went around to the side of the
building.

"They should all be asleep by now, the sedative works quickly but they
will have had enough time to make it to their beds. I will go and have
a look around, you wait here and I'll come back for you."

John went back to the door and went inside. He made his way upstairs
and began to open doors to see who was where. The first room he opened
contained a short black girl snoring in her bed. He went in and
decided he might have a bit of indulgence before he went further.

He slid back her sheets to reveal her lying on her back wearing a
night dress which was up around her mid thigh. He remembered his
boyhood fantasies of getting his best friend's sister while she was
asleep and decided he might as well squeeze every ounce of enjoyment
out of this situation. He bent over and placed a hand on each thigh
and moved her legs apart, bending them at the knees to allow maximum
exposure. This forced the dress up around the bottom of her panties,
which he could now see beneath the dress. She was wearing a black
satin pair of panties, and after feeling her breasts through the night
dress he could tell she was not wearing the matching bra.  He got a
pair of scissors out of his bag and used them to cut the night dress
straight down the middle. He parted the dress to reveal her lovely
breasts with chocolate coloured nipples on top of each and he knew he
had to play with those before he could go any further. Kneeling down
next to the bed he leant over and began to suck on her tits. Rubbing
his face all over them he then pinched and pulled the nipples and
began squeezing her juggs as though he was trying to burst a balloon.
Then he decided an experiment was in order. Leaning down he began to
give her a hickey on the top of her left breast. After a few minutes
of suction he let go to admire his handiwork. It was not as impressive
as it would have been on pasty white flesh but it was there all the
same.

He then proceeded to cut away her panties to reveal her gash,
surrounded by the tight black curls of her bush. Moving to the end of
the bed he positioned himself between her legs and began to eat her
out. The sedative had not totally dulled her reactions and she had
already started to react to the breast abuse. She was slightly wet as
he slid his tongue into her and then began to drench her lips and clit
with the long lashing strokes of his tongue. After a few minutes of
amusing himself with this he decided it was time for the main act.

Quickly he unzipped himself and let his hard cock out of his trousers.
He slid up the length of her body until his erect dick was positioned
at the entrance to her pussy. He began to slide the tip up and down
the length of her lips, then began to prod and push at the hood over
her clit with his cock's tip before he slid it's length into her wet
cunt.

He slowly began to work himself in and out of her as he grabbed her
breasts and decided to amuse himself further with them. His sucking
and biting became more feverish as he worked himself towards release.
He could feel her unconscious body lying limply underneath him, while
her pussy told him it was quite active. As he slid in and out he could
feel her muscles reacting to him, moving, contracting and gripping his
invader as he repeatedly visited her hidden depths. Finally he felt
the end approaching and with a few final powerful thrusts he sent the
jets of come spurting off into her farthest reaches.

He left her like this and would fix her up later on.

John looked around further and found Natalie's room. Natalie was also
in bed asleep waiting for the abuse to come.

John called the girls inside and they came straight up to the room
where he and Natalie were. Mandy wasted no time and immediately pulled
the covers from the bed leaving Natalie lying in her  pyjamas and at
their mercy.

John had a few ideas of where to go next but decided he'd see what
Mandy had in mind.

"What do you think we should do Mandy?"

"That bitch thinks she is so good because she's in a beauty pageant or
two. I say we fuck that up for her," said Mandy reaching down and
grabbing a handful of Natalie's long blonde hair. "Let's cut it all
off and then shave her all over so she's totally bald."

"Okay, that's not a bad idea. Let's do it."

John handed the scissors he had to Mandy and sat Natalie's sleeping
form up against the wall.

Mandy ferociously began to hack off Natalie's beautiful hair, and
threw each clump of hair across the room. By the time Natalie's hair
was a badly butchered crewcut the rest of the room was covered in her
hair. Mandy was unable to remove any more with scissors so it was time
for the razor to come out. One of the girls brought Natalie's razor
out of her bathroom. They quickly soaped up her hair to a lather and
Mandy began to shave her head in long strokes. Natalie's head was then
revealed in all it's bald glory. Mandy moved onto her eyebrows next,
which only took a few seconds and then it was time for her pussy. The
girls quickly pulled her pyjamas off and laid her nude body back  on
the bed. Her pussy area was quickly lathered up and then the hair
began to be separated from her flesh. Mandy had quickly scraped the
area to a hairless state that Natalie's pussy had not seen for years.

The beauty queen was now transformed into a piece of bald, vulnerable
flesh waiting to be abused for their enjoyment.

John had one final treat left for Mandy. The girls had told him about
a school rumour which said that Natalie had been saving herself for
her future husband, it was unusual in this day and age but Natalie was
strange like that.  With this in mind he got out his big strap on
dildo. This dildo had taken a few cherries since he had added it to
his bag of tricks, and one more was always welcome.

He handed it to Mandy and helped her strap it on, she was now ready to
deal with Natalie in a way that can never be undone.

John directed one of the other girls to kneel down and lick the dildo
to lubricate it. She dropped to the floor and began to give the dildo
a nice blowjob. After a minute or so he pulled her away and pointed
Mandy in the direction of the bed.

"I think you can go with whatever you'd like to do. Go pop her open."

Mandy advanced on the sleeping  teen and grabbed her head. She opened
Natalie's mouth and started fucking her throat.

"She can at least help to lubricate herself, don't you think so?"
asked Mandy of no-one in particular.

Mandy then gave Natalie's breasts some attention. She started by
scratching some nice long welts down the sides and then began to
scratch and slash the nipple area, not stopping until she had drawn
blood. She then rubbed some of this onto the dildo as well.

"I think it's time for her to become a woman," said Mandy as she moved
to the end of the bed.

John directed one of the girls to go and sit at Natalie's head, grab
her ankles and pull her legs apart and back towards her. The girl
however went one better. She took her pants and panties off and sat on
Natalie's face and began to hump up and down on her nose and across
her face. She grabbed the ankles as ordered and Natalie was now open
for her further degradation.

Mandy positioned herself on her knees between Natalie's legs and
placed the dildo at her opening.

"When you thrust in you'll go in a little way and then meet some
resistance. That's her cherry, you'll need to thrust hard to break
through it and then you'll slide right in all the way," John said in
preparation.

Mandy nodded and began to slide the dildo in until she hit Natalie's
hymen. She then slid it back all the way and rammed it back in,
tearing through the hymen, and sliding all the way to the hilt. Mandy
was getting turned on by this abuse and the stimulation to her clit
from the base of the dildo. She began to thrust in and out, fucking
Natalie's unused cunt with wild abandon. John could take no more and
grabbed one of the other girls and pushed her down to take his cock in
her mouth.

Mandy then discovered that Natalie's arsehole was also within easy
reach and began ravaging her arse as well.

The girl sitting on Natalie's face had orgasmed three or four times
now and slid off in exhaustion. Mandy had Natalie's legs over her
shoulders and was merrily thrusting up into her arse when she finally
came.

This sent John over the edge, he pulled out of the girl's mouth and
began to shoot his spunk over Natalie's bald scalp.

Natalie was now a complete mess, her face covered in come and cunt
juice and her pussy and arse both dripping blood from the ferocious
fucking Mandy had given them.

Once he and the girls had composed themselves and gotten dressed he
was then ready to sort out the two girls who had been violated this
evening.

He gave them both an injection of a stimulant to wake them and then
put both of them under hypnosis. Natalie now believed that she was
attacked by some lunatic group with a hatred of beauty pageants and
the black girl was simply cleaned up and sent back to bed in new
clothing.

He sent the other girls home with instructions to forget it all once
they were there, they would however know on some subconscious level
that justice, as far as they were concerned, had been carried out.

John stopped by his office to collect the tape of this evening at the
dorm, and went home to watch it with Sarah, who was waiting patiently
for him to return.




Chapter 8



John sat back in his chair and watched the monitors in front of him,
intently his eyes darted from one monitor to the next before he looked
away. Sarah was working away in her office and John was trying to find
something to interest him on the monitors before him. Currently the
students were between lessons and they were all quickly moving to
their next room.

John had become content here at the school, and after three months of
fun it was almost time to return back to his real job at the
institute. He found himself less disappointed than he thought he would
be, but after all this time there was very little excitement that this
environment could still offer to his now jaded libido. John had
arrived at this conclusion while disciplining  the resident nun, Karen
Dawson. After John and Sarah had amused themselves with Karen a month
ago the nun had fallen pregnant. They had managed to convince her that
she was responsible for this and needed to be punished, and so she
would come to see him each day for a good dose of chastisement.
Earlier today John had the nun perched over his lap, with her habit
bunched up around her lower back, panties around her ankles, with her
naked buttocks exposed to him. John had decided that a nice old
fashioned spanking, much like the ones that nuns were so infamous for
giving out, was in order. He had started to redden her arse cheeks,
and it was after ten or so whacks that he began to realise that after
the initial excitement most of the thrill had gone. John had continued
to whack the nun until she was a sobbing mess on the floor, and then
he allowed her to get up and leave, without her panties of course.

John had come to the conclusion that it was time to move on and find
new challenges, but he wanted one final extravaganza.

Movement on the gym monitor told him that his final hurrah was just
about to begin.



The school's representative gymnastic team made their way quickly into
the gym, and with well practised precision, they all moved to their
chosen piece of equipment and began the first of many practice
routines for today.  The practice today would involve all the
different pieces of equipment and would take them well into the
afternoon after everyone else had left.

Jennifer Kim, Jenny to her friends, was the school's young star, and
she was very capable on all of the different equipment. She had missed
the last Olympics, as she would be too old to compete effectively at
the next Olympics. She was an attractive Asian girl, with long black
hair reaching all the way down to her buttocks, and while she
performed this was tied up in a bun to keep it out of her way. As a 16
year old she was now one of the older members of the Gym team, but she
did not have any real threats to her position as team leader, at least
not yet.

Jenny climbed up onto the beam and began her routine, and John watched
her via the camera mounted high above.



John was happy now that the gymnasts were in place, all he needed was
a couple more little extras for his finale and then he would be ready.
He picked up the inter-office phone and dialled the number for Sandra
Gee who was just about to begin coaching the Cheerleaders this
afternoon.



Jenny came down off the horse in a perfect dismount and stood proudly
with her arms raised high, and her chest thrust out in the required
finishing position. She then moved down off the mat and picked up her
towel off her bag. They had been working solidly for the last two
hours and were now reaching the end of their session for today. Jenny
was looking forward to a warm shower as she towelled off some of the
sweat which now covered her body making her skin glisten in the
artificial light of the gym.

Just as Mrs Stevenson was about to declare today's session over the
door opened and a group of people came into the room, led by Principal
Johnson and Doctor Hampton.

"Hello Janice, we know you're about to finish up, but do you think you
could get the girls to perform a quick routine for us?" asked Sarah
Johnson.

"I think they'd be happy to show you what they can do Sarah," said
Janice turning back to her squad, and quickly pointing at each of them
and their chosen equipment.

Quickly taking seats in the nearby small seating area, John and Sarah
directed Sandra Gee and her cheerleaders to take the seats behind
them. Then John motioned to the small face he could see staring
through the nearby window and suddenly it was gone. Moments later the
door to the gym tentatively opened and a group of six boys made their
way into the room, and sat down in the row of seats alongside John.

"Ughh, what are those geeks doing here?" came a disgusted voice from
one of the cheerleaders behind them.

"Yeah who let the Dungeons and Dragons boys out of their bedrooms?"
giggled another one.

John glanced at Sandra and motioned towards the giggling girls who
were mercilessly teasing the six boys sitting in front of them.

"Alright girls, enough of that. You will apologise now!" commanded
Sandra with a baleful glare at the cowering girls.

"Sorry guys," muttered the girls who were not happy about being made
to apologise to these guys whom they considered the biggest geeks in
town.



John had been wandering through town during the weekend and had seen
these guys heading down the street talking. He fell into step behind
them and listened to what they were talking about. They were a group
of guys from the local boys high school, and they were into role
playing games and that sort of thing. This wasn't considered cool by
the sports loving guys at the school and the opinion was shared by the
girl's school too.

The guys, Michael, Tony, Gary, Paul, Mark and David were all academic
rather than sports minded and chose to ignore the taunts of their
schoolmates. Today however they had just come from a particularly
cruel taunting from the girls in the cheerleading squad and some of it
had made it through their emotional armour.

"Don't worry about it Paul, they're just stupid cheerleaders. In two
years they'll be lucky to get jobs at McDonald's. You can laugh at
them as you take your BMW through their drive thru window," said
Michael, the unofficial leader of the group and least geeky of the
guys.

Paul was one of the smaller guys with black hair and glasses, and he
was often the easiest target for the insults of the many.

"Yeah I suppose," said Paul, sounding totally unconvinced. "It just
pisses me off that they're so shallow. Why do they need to try and put
me down to make their own pitiful lives worthwhile?"

"Hey in a couple of years our wallets will be opening their legs
quicker than you would think humanly possible. Now that's shallow, and
there's nothing wrong with that," laughed Tony, and was joined by a
couple of the others.

Gary was the resident recluse in the group and barely said a word
during the entire exchange.

"Excuse me guys," said John reaching forwards to tap Michael on the
shoulder.

The guys turned to face him.

"Yeah?" asked Michael

"I heard you mention the cheerleaders from my school. How would you
like to get them punished without any repercussions to yourselves?
They'll never know what hit them and they'll never connect you to it."

"What do we have to do?" asked a suspicious Michael.

"Just come to the gymnastics practice on Monday afternoon at the
school gym, I'll do the rest," said John and then moved away to
continue on down the street, knowing he had them hooked.

"I don't know, this sounds a bit weird to me," said Michael.

"Well I don't care, I'm going. There's nothing else they can do to me,
those stupid bitches," spat Paul with the venom of years of torture.



After discussing it throughout their afternoon game of Magic: The
Gathering they decided that they would go over to the school to see
what was going on, and then if it was a setup they would all leave.



The guys had never seen a gymnastics routine being carried out within
metres of them, and they began to get turned on by the athletic bodies
stretching, rolling and gyrating around on the equipment in front of
them. John was concentrating on Jenny as she made her way along the
balance beam, and straddled it again. He was enjoying watching her
little crotch tightly encased in her leotard, as she rolled forwards
along the beam, revealing her pert buttocks and then returning her
crotch to his view.

The other guys were similarly enjoying the views, and they had begun
to forget about their suspicions.

Then at last one by one the girls dismounted and stood in the
finishing position, and then they moved to congregate around their
instructor.

Their audience all applauded, including the cheerleaders after orders
from Sandra, and then Sarah moved over to Janice.

"That was great Jan, can you keep everyone here for a moment while I
just talk with the Doctor, I think he needs to speak to a couple of
the girls," said Sarah.

Quickly she moved back to John who had arranged for Sandra to hold her
girls here too. Moving away from them John led Sarah and the guys into
a group for a quick discussion.

"Alright guys, we have to attend to a few of the gym girls as well,
but only a couple to make an example. I'll do the same thing for the
cheerleaders so I'll get you to nominate who you feel needs to be kept
back for punishment. I have already decided Jenny Kim needs to stay
back, so who else?" asked John.

"Well, I guess the main one is Linda the squad leader," said Michael
in a non-committal sort of way.

John  looked up at the blonde who had the other girls flocking around
her, she was a thin little blonde with a nice figure, she had nice
ample breasts and long hair, good choice thought John.

"Damn right she has to stay, she deserved to be spanked until her arse
bleeds for what she's done to me," said Paul coldly.

"Okay what about the rest of you?" asked John, choosing to ignore
Paul's remarks for the moment. One by one the guys rattled off their
chosen girls, giving a total of five cheerleaders and another gymnast.

Sarah then also chose one of the cheerleaders and Sandra had already
picked Janice the gym instructor.

Sarah spoke to Sandra and Janice and told them which girls had to stay
behind.

As the other girls left the chosen few behind, John gathered the guys
around and quickly put them under his influence. They would now think
nothing of what they were about to witness and they would happily join
in and do whatever their desires dictated.

Once everyone else had left the gym Sarah directed everyone to sit
down on the seats and then went into their prearranged script.

"Alright girls, we have asked you to stay back because we are thinking
of cutting down the Gymnastic and Cheerleading squads, and you are the
members who are in danger of being left out. We will need you to
reapply for your positions and convince us as to your dedication to
your squad."

This had the desired effect and the look of shock then horror on the
girls faces had now turned to determination as they grabbed at the
branch they had been offered.

"Alright now wait outside in the locker room and you'll be sent for
one by one," instructed Sarah and watched them all shuffle out of the
gymnasium.

Now that the students had gone Janice made her way over to Sarah.

"What is going on Sarah?" asked a horrified Janice. "You can't
possibly be thinking of cutting those girls, especially Jenny, she's
the best we have."

"There's something you don't understand here Jan," said Sarah.

"Well would you like to share it with me?" demanded Janice.

"I'm afraid that you no longer have any say in this matter and you
will do as you're told," said John as he stepped forward to intimidate
Janice.

"What are you talking about. Who is he to tell me what to do?" asked
Janice looking at Sarah in frustration.

"Do not bother speaking to her, she does as I tell her. I am in charge
here," stated John.

Janice looked on in horror as both Sandra and Sarah were nodding in
agreement with John. After a moment Janice regained some of her
composure and looked at John.

"Well would you please tell me what the hell is going on?"

"We are all going to have a little fun this afternoon, and as it
happens you are our first attraction," said John with a leer.

"What do you mean?" asked Janice in growing terror.

"Think of it as a command performance. We are commanding that you
perform for us, and we've decided that a little nude gymnastics is in
order," said John pointing at the uneven bars.

"You've got to be joking."

"I assure you I'm not, and you will do it. You can either choose to do
it willingly or I guarantee you that I can make you do it."

Janice realised that during the course of the discussion she had been
effectively surrounded by the boys and there was nowhere she could
escape to. She knew they would force her so she decided to go along
with them for the moment.

"What do you want me to do?" muttered Janice in resignation.

"I thought I'd made that quite clear. Remove all of your clothing and
give us a routine on the uneven bars," said John pointing at the bars
again.

"In front of everyone?" asked Janice quietly.

"Yes of course in front of everyone, you have to have an audience.
Just think yourself lucky that I don't call your entire gym squad in
here to watch you."

Janice realised that there was going to be no mercy forthcoming so she
decided to get it over with as quickly as possible.

Grabbing her white t-shirt she quickly pulled it over her head,
revealing her pert breasts encased in a sports bra. She quickly undid
her nikes and pulled her tracksuit pants off to reveal her matching
cream coloured panties. Hoping that he would let her stay in this she
began to move towards the bars.

"I said naked damn you, that doesn't mean in your stupid little bra
and panties so get them off now!"

She crumpled under the verbal tirade and slipped her bra and panties
off to place them on the pile of clothing on the floor.

She moved to the bars and stood beneath them after putting some powder
on her hands. She had never been this nervous before, even when she
had competed in national championships as a child.

She brushed her light brown shoulder length hair away from her face
and looked up at the bar above her. Stretching her arms up above her,
which caused her breasts to be stretched up and pushed out, she jumped
up and caught the bar above her. The boys watching had begun to stroke
their hard cocks through their pants and she hadn't even begun her
routine. She had already tuned them all out and was concentrating
solely on the job before her. She moved up and around the bars with
well practiced ease, and her movements were met with moans of pleasure
from below, as her breasts and buttocks jiggled provocatively and her
brown thatched pussy was exposed from every angle. After a few minutes
she finished her routine and jumped down into the finish position.

John stood up and walked over to her. "Now that was very well done, I
think you may join us now," and he proceeded to instruct her as to
what her part in organising the entertainment would be.

John turned back to Paul. "Shall we start with your friend Linda?"

"Yeah, let's see her go at it," said Paul with lustful glee.



Linda followed Janice into the room and stood before the group who
were now seated. Looking around at the group she was annoyed to see
that those geeks were still here.

"Why are they still here?" she demanded in a tone of voice that
suggested she was used to getting her own way.

"They're here for audience reaction, and because I say they're here.
If you have a problem with that then we can just as easily choose a
new captain," said John.

Linda quickly realised how tenuous her position was and began
backpedalling. "Of course, I didn't mean anything by that. Audience
reaction is very important, and that was quite a good idea sir."

"Don't try and suck up to me, it's the guys who will decide your
fate," said John with an evil grin.

Linda realised that she would have to put on a good show for these
guys, do a bit of bump and grind  to try and get them turned on so
they'd vote for her.

"I do have one condition though," said John with a calculating smile.

"What?"

"I have noticed that several of you are getting a bit chubby, and we
can't have our cheerleaders wobbling around the playing field. Would
you please strip down to your underwear so we can make sure there's no
problem with your weight."

Linda thought about this for a moment and then realised that her lacy
underwear would certainly help get these dorky boys going and this
would only help her case.

"Okay then," said Linda as she quickly pulled off her polo shirt and
pleated skirt, and as an afterthought she also slipped off the
matching bloomers to reveal her lacy panties underneath. She now stood
before them in her white lacy bra and panties set, her sneakers and
little white ankle socks. Sandra handed her a set of white and red pom
poms and picked up their practice tape recorder.

"Just before you begin Linda, I would like to attend to something,"
said John as he stood up and walked over to her. He quickly put her
under and got her to remove her underwear as well. He instructed her
not to notice the lack of clothing, nor would she find anything
unusual that happened to her or anyone else and then returned control
of her body back to her.

The guys practically had to hold Paul back on the bench as he gazed in
disbelief at his nemesis standing nude before him, and then as Sandra
hit the play button Linda sprang into action. Paul watched as her
breasts jiggled up and down as she went through a series of high jumps
and then she went into the splits and sank to the floor, rubbing her
naked blonde pussy against the floorboards. Sliding around she
returned to her feet and did several cartwheels across the room
exposing herself to them, and on several occasions whacking herself in
the mouth with her own breasts as gravity flung them around.

When the music came to a halt Linda stood proudly before them, head
back, chest thrust out, displaying her breasts to the audience as they
heaved up and down as she breathed.

"So guys do you think we should keep her?" asked John.

Paul seized this opportunity and stood up and walked over to Linda. He
walked around her looking her up and down, like someone inspecting
some goods they were considering purchasing.

"Hmmm, I really don't know. I think it would be wrong to make our
decision before we have considered the other candidates," said Paul
with mock seriousness.

"Yes you're quite right Paul. Please get dressed and go and stand over
there behind the bleachers," said John pointing at the rows of chairs
lining the far wall of the gym. Linda sheepishly picked up her clothes
and ambled over towards the seats.

The other cheerleaders were brought in one by one and each was given
the same treatment and they shortly had six nude cheerleaders sitting
patiently on the far bleachers.



Jenny Kim walked into the room and was slightly worried about being
thrown out as she was too old. Jenny enjoyed the gymnastic team, but
if her time had come then she would leave gracefully.

John looked Jenny up and down, and he devoured her red leotard clad
body with his eyes.

"I believe you perform on the beam."

"Yes that's correct sir."

"I think we'll need a demonstration," and John walked out and quickly
put her under. He had her remove her red leotard and she stood before
them displaying her smaller athletic breasts and black haired pussy.
John instructed her to begin and she quickly went into the same
routine she had performed earlier, but now as she performed rolls up
and down the length of the beam she was pressing her naked pussy
against the canvas covering of the beam. She stood and stretched
backwards over her head to grab the beam behind her, giving everyone a
nice wide open view of her little pussy, and then she completed the
movement and vaulted off the end of the beam to land on her feet and
stand finished.

John indicated that she should go and join the others in the stands,
before summoning in the final member of their party.

Jane Kennedy was a shy 16 year old who had been on the gym team as
long as Jenny. Jane had always been happy to be a member of the team,
but she wasn't really that interested in the competition as such. She
had chosen the floor mat as her speciality and had been happy there
ever since. She was quite worried that they would now remove them from
the team and she would be separated from her friends. She entered the
room and had worked herself up into such a state that she was almost
in tears.

"Please clam down, it's not that serious. I'm sure you'll do just
fine," said John in a soothing tone of voice. He then smoothly went
from this to mesmerisation and shortly had the little blonde standing
nude at the far corner of the mat preparing to start her routine.

Jane was a smaller girl, with short blonde hair and pubic hair to
match. Raising her hands up in the air, her smaller breasts stretched
upwards and she ran forwards and leapt into a forward hand spring. She
quickly went through her tumbling routine and her series of springs
and other movements before finishing and standing in the required
finished position.

John turned and looked down at the quiet little thin guy called Gary
who had chosen her. He was smiling happily and John decided that they
may as well get down to the real festivities.

"Gary my boy, come with me," said John leading him over to the floor
mat where Jane was still standing. "Jane would you please lie down in
the centre of the mat," and they both watched her as she happily lay
down on the mat. John walked Gary onto the mat and stretched his leg
out and pushed Jane's legs apart, exposing more of her little pussy.

"Well you picked her, and there she is ready and waiting." 

Gary needed no further instruction. He had been stroking his cock
through his pants for sometime and happily dropped his pants and
released it. He dropped to his knees after pulling his trousers right
off, and then reached up and grabbed a tit in each hand. Jane gasped
in shock as she felt her breasts being encompassed by male hands for
the first time, and in the depths of her mind she knew there was
something wrong about this, there was something weird going on but she
couldn't place what it was.  Behind him the other guys were cheering
him on, and making suggestions of their own. He ignored them and made
his way down to her blonde snatch. He began to stroke her lips gently,
smoothing down the hair, and spreading the fine droplets of moisture
from her lips into the surrounding hair. She could feel every little
sensation being shot around her entire body and began to quiver
slightly.

Gary noticed this and he also noted that she reacted even more when he
moved his hand up to the fold of skin at the top of her lips. This
moved around when he touched it and he began to slide it back and
forth a bit before Jane began to go through the tremors of her first
non-self induced orgasm.

Gary was enjoying exploring her pussy, but his cock was also screaming
for some attention, so he moved back down to inspect the area further.
He rubbed his index finger up and down the length of her slit before
pressing on the seam and watching as his finger slid easily between
the lips into the warm moist, adventure within. This started Jane off
again and as he began to slide his finger around in her pussy canal,
she began to work her way towards another orgasm, but before she was
there he pulled his finger back out. She was suitably annoyed but was
quickly appeased when he then slid the length of his 16 year old cock
into her. He stopped moving when he felt his cock go all the way in
and he could feel her pubic hair pressed up against him.

Wow thought Gary, perhaps there was a good reason for having female
friends after all.

She began to try and hump up and down underneath him, she had just had
her virginity taken and she at least wanted an orgasm or two before he
finished. Gary took the hint and began to thrust in and out of her.



John looked on as Gary fucked the little blonde in the middle of the
blue mat, and as Gary thrust in and out for a couple of minutes he
could see the mixture of blood and juice forming a pool on the mat
underneath them. Finally Gary finished and with a grunt he thrust all
the way in and sent spurt after spurt up into little Jane's newly
abused hole.



"Okay I've had enough waiting, it's time for a free for all," said
John to the other seated people.

Within seconds Paul had made it to the other side of the room and was
dragging Linda off the seat and threw her down onto all fours. Paul
was here for revenge and he knew that she had fucked other guys
before, but he suspected there was something she hadn't done. He spat
on his cock for lubrication and slid it down and rubbed the tip up and
down the length of her slit before suddenly moving up in one quick
motion and beginning to ram his hard cock into her virgin arsehole.
She grunted in pain but the hypnotism was holding her in place. Paul
settled in place for a moment, and enjoyed the feeling of her poor
little arse trying to eject him, and the he reached down and grabbed a
tit in each hand, and using them like reins he began to move her back
and forth on his cock, impaling her arse over and over.



Gary had noticed Paul and had now rolled Jane over onto her stomach.
After holding her arsecheeks apart he speared her arse, and was now
lying on top of her happily humping her arsehole.



Tony was merrily humping a brunette cheerleader on the floor in front
of the bleachers. He had lifted her legs up and draped them over his
shoulders and was sliding in and out of her wet cunt between her
thighs, he managed to give her a few final thrusts more before pulling
out and sending his warm spunk splashing over the backs of her thighs,
and down onto her pussy lips, before running down her arsecrack.



Not bad for a first time thought John.

He had grabbed Jenny before anyone else took a liking to her, and he
was waiting to make sure everyone else was happily at it before he
indulged himself.



Michael and David both had a cheerleader bent over the bleachers and
were merrily fucking them from behind while trying to keep up with
each other.

"Hey guys it's not a race, and it's a hell of a lot more fun if you
can make it last," yelled John at their backs, and they both nodded
their heads in response and slowed down to a more reasonable pace.

Mark was sitting in the bleachers and had the only redhead kneeling
before him. He was holding her head in his hands and as she was giving
him a blowjob he was doing his best to try and fuck her throat.



John found Sarah with the little Greek cheerleader. She had her down
on her knees and was holding her by the neck pressing her face into
the mat, while holding her long black hair in the other hand and
pulling back on it to send little shocks of pain racing through the
young girl. Sarah had her favourite strap on dildo firmly wedged
inside the girl, and was harshly pounding away at the slit of the
girl. It was then John realised who the girl was, she was the biggest
slut in the school. She was the bike that everyone in town had taken
for a ride, and now Sarah was racing her down the street too. Sarah
looked up with a fiery gleam of lust burning in her eyes and saw John
looking at her, she gave him a wicked smile and released the girl's
hair so that she could begin to whack her arsecheeks in time with the
thrusts from her dildo.

John noticed he had someone standing beside him and turned to find
Sandra holding a kneeling Janice by the neck. Sandra was wearing a big
strap on dildo as well, and she was also wearing a look of mild
disappointment.

"What's the problem?" asked John.

"She's too passive like this, I want to force her to take my big
rubber dick. I want to hold her down and ram it up her," said Sandra
with a ravenous look on her face.

"Easy enough," said John, and proceeded to bring Janice out of the
trance. Instantly she leapt to her feet in horror and tried to run for
the door.

"That's better," yelled Sandra as she bolted after the fleeing gym
instructor and slammed into her from behind with a flying tackle. They
both fell to the ground in a heap and both began to try and wrestle
for supremacy. Sandra was stronger and ended up sitting on Janice's
chest holding her arms down with her knees, while Janice's legs
thrashed wildly about behind her.  She then leant forwards and began
to sensuously lick the other woman's face. Janice began to thrash even
more, and when the tongue came into contact with her lips she began to
throw her head wildly from side to side. Sandra continued down her
throat, avoiding the wild head movements, and began to give her a
hickey on her neck. She then moved down and cupped her breasts,
weighing them in the palm of her hand before beginning to squeeze and
knead them. She then grabbed each nipple and pinched and pulled it
until blood flowed into her abused nipples making them hard. Janice
was at a loss now, she could not defend herself, but she couldn't
simply lie here and take it. She began to sob in frustration, and
Sandra used this distraction to slip off her chest and slide up so
that she was now lying on top of Janice, and quickly she insinuated
herself between Janice's legs before she could do anything to stop
her. Janice could feel the rubber cock pressed up against her slit,
and began to buck her hips and thrash and kick her legs to try and get
Sandra off her. She had been screaming and yelling the entire time and
now began to plead with Sandra not to do this. Sandra had been waiting
for this, and she decided to get moving again. She let go of one of
Janice's wrists that she had been holding and grabbed it in her other
hand so that she was holding both of Janice's arms down on the ground
above her head. She grabbed the rubber cock by the base and timed
Janice's wild thrusts so that the next one impaled herself on the tip
of the rubber cock. Sandra then began to slide into her and Janice
began to scream in horror.

This was exactly the sort of nasty stuff that Sandra had been looking
for and she could feel herself getting off on it already.



John watched for a few moments longer as Sandra continued to abuse the
other woman and then decided it was time for some fun for himself.
Deciding something more appropriate was in order he led Jenny over to
the pommel horse and laid her down on it. He slid her towards him so
that her legs were dangling over the end and her pussy was open and
waiting right at cock height when he stood on the mini trampoline next
to the horse. He bent forwards and began to slide his tongue in and
around her pussy, slowly making it wetter and wetter. He dragged his
tongue up the length of her lips and grazed it over her clitty. He
darted his tongue in and out a few times on and around her clit,
making her moan in pleasure. He then nibbled his way back down her
pussy, before starting to give her a long slow fuck with his tongue.
After sliding his tongue in and out of her slit several times, he
pulled back and began to rub his hand over the little cushion of fat
above her clit, running his fingers through the pubic hair, he then
made his was back down. He lightly tickled his was along the little
piece of flesh between her pussy and arsehole and as she was quivering
in a second orgasm, he stood back up. He leant over her and gave her a
lingering kiss before moving his attention to her pert breasts.
Sucking and licking one and then the other before softly nibbling the
nipples and allowing his teeth to rub over the sensitive tips, causing
her to shake with each contact. Stepping back on the trampoline he
positioned his cock against the very moist slit and began to slide
into her virgin cunt. He slipped in bit by bit before arriving at her
hymen, he slide back out a bit and worked his way in and out a few
times to moisten her up a bit more before he forced his cock through
her virgin wall. His cock was now in as far as it would go, and he
revelled in the incredible humid warmth of her splendid cunt. She had
grunted in pain when he had entered her but now she was contentedly
murmuring and then as he started to thrust again her murmurs increased
back up to moans and then on to grunts and cries to accompany her
orgasm.

John was enjoying this immensely, and decided to modify this somewhat,
and quickly slid out of her, slid her off the horse before turning her
around and having her lean over the horse. He lined himself up from
behind and slid back into her. She could now feel his hairy stomach
slapping up against her arsecheeks and the sensations mixed in with
the new feeling of having his cock seem to be in even deeper than
before. He was holding onto her waist and now he began to pull her
back and forth ramming his cock into her at an even faster pace before
he slid it all the way in and sent jet after jet of his red hot jism
into her depths.

She collapsed contentedly down on the mat, and he moved away to look
around the room.

Gary had stayed with Jane who was now happily giving him a nice slow
blowjob, but the other guys had extracted their revenge on the
cheerleaders. They were all collapsed in a heap on the bleachers, the
guys looking very pleased with themselves, and the cheerleaders
looking exhausted and covered in come. Only Paul and Linda were
missing, and the cries of pain from nearby gave away their location.
John quickly tracked them down to a chair behind the bleachers where
Paul had Linda draped over his lap and was giving her a sound spanking
on her bare arsecheeks. Paul and the other guys had really given her a
workout, and as he watched this he could see the pain rippling up
through her body as she clenched and unclenched every muscle in her
body. This had caused some of the giant load of sperm she had received
to start dribbling out of her cunt and arsehole, and who knew how much
they had shot down her throat as well.

"Don't leave too many marks on her buddy, she has to be able to
explain them. Come on out we're finishing up now," and Linda happily
jumped up and made her way past him. Paul stood up and with a grin
watched the bitchy cheerleader stumble out with come dripping down the
insides of her thighs.



John sorted everyone's memories out and left the girls with simple
memories of normal try outs, which they had passed. The guys had full
memory and they also had a trigger word which they could say to any of
the cheerleaders which would make them into sex slaves again until the
guys had satisfied themselves.

Janice became Sandra's new sex slave and Sarah was content with her
ongoing adventures with her Analyst.



John left the school shortly after and returned to his office. He now
had many ideas for other ventures and places he could set himself up
for a period of time.



"How was your field work?" asked his nurse, Alice.

"Oh it was fine. Very constructive," said John as he disappeared into
his office leaving his blonde big titted nurse sitting at her desk
outside.

John plonked down into his chair and thought about his recent
experiment. It had been a lot more effective than he had expected.
Thinking about it he felt the familiar stirring in his crotch and he
reached over for the intercom switch.

"Alice would you please come in here, there's something I want to talk
to you about."



Copyright Victor Ramierez 1998

lovecannibal@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Victor Ramierez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





