BDSM Library - Susan's New Life South of the Border




Susan's New Life South of the Border
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wrong turn on the trip from Mexico City to U.S. Border lead the family to a place called "La Casa Putas" - "House of Whores". Would they ever be able to go back U.S.?
SUSAN'S NEW LIFE SOUTH OF THE BORDER
by Headhunter


Jeff and Susan Phillips were driving back to their home in Dallas, 
Texas with their four year old son Jeff Junior. The pretty brown 
haired Susan called her boy Little Jeff. The family was driving up 
the scenic roads in the high desert of Mexico heading towards the 
U.S. border. They had been visiting the Aztec pyramids in the jungle 
south of Mexico City. Jeff was an archeologist at Dallas University 
and he had used this research trip as a family vacation.

They had spent a long weekend shopping in Mexico City and were now 
halfway between the City and the U.S. Border. They were in the middle 
of nowhere. The dusty high desert was hot and dry, but was beautiful 
in a lonely way.

The 28 year old couple had been college sweet hearts. Jeff had gone 
to graduate school while Susan had become a 1st grade teacher. 
Eventually Jeff had gotten a job as an Assistant Professor at the 
University. Susan had quit working when the baby was born. This trip 
was during their summer vacation and the Mexican afternoon was 
brutally hot.

Both Susan and Jeff were wearing shorts and tee shirts. Their luggage 
and Jeff's research equipment was in the trunk and loaded on a car 
top carrier. Jeff Junior slept in the back seat of the car in his 
Mickey Mouse underpants.

Jeff had turned down a paved mining road, but after 20 miles the road 
turned to dirt, after it passed an abandoned ore processing plant. A 
faded sign on the side of the dirt road said, "La Casa Putas -- 20 
kilometers". Jeff figured that was another 13 miles. Since the dirt 
road was smooth and they were getting low on gas, he decided to keep 
going deeper into the desert mountains. It was still early afternoon 
and they had plenty of time to get back to the main road. That 
decision would change the nice families life forever, but mostly 
Susan's life.

Jeff hoped that there would be a cool restaurant and a gas station. 
He also hoped the people would speak English. Neither he nor Susan 
spoke Spanish. Everywhere they had been so far the people were 
friendly and many spoke English.

After about 10 miles the road got bumpier and bumpier. When the car 
finally had a small town in sight the road was barely passable. There 
were about ten shack homes along the road. There was a closed general 
store, but there was an adobe restaurant building that had a gas pump 
out in front and what looked like rental cabins out back. There were 
five dusty pick-up trucks parked in front. The sign said "Club 
Cantina." Jeff recognized the word "Cantina", and said to Susan that 
they could probably get a drink and something to eat inside. Jeff 
pulled the car into the shade under the buildings overhang. This was 
next to the gas pump. Little Jeff was still asleep. So the couple 
rolled down the windows. Not much chance of a kidnapping in a sleepy 
little Mexican village.

Jeff and Susan quietly closed to car doors and walked into the 
"Cantina". The Cantina was very dark and cool. There were seven 
Mexican men sitting at tables and at the long bar. Some were eating 
and drinking beer. A large Mexican man worked behind the bar. Moving 
around the room were two women cleaning tables and serving beer. A 
pretty Mexican girl and a thin, wrinkled slow moving white woman, 
whose age was hard to determine.

Jeff and Susan moved to an open spot at the bar and asked if they 
could get a cold drink and gas for their car. The man behind the bar 
said, that they could get a cold beer, but the gas pump didn't work. 
He spoke in broken English. The men in the bar were eying Susan. The 
man behind the bar got two beers out of a cooler and put them down in 
front of the young couple. He then walked to a CB radio at the end of 
the bar and spoke in rapid Spanish into the microphone. His huge 
belly and size made him move slowly.

Susan looked at Jeff nervously and quietly said, "lets leave". "We 
will just finish the beer and go", Jeff said, "We have enough gas to 
get back to the main road."

The pretty Mexican girl can up behind Jeff and said, 'Hey gringo! you 
want to have a good time with Juanita?"

Jeff blushed and said, "No thank you". She flipped her hips and 
walked away.

Jeff and Susan heard a vehicle pull up in front of the Cantina and 
they turned to the door. A stocky well groomed middle aged Mexican 
man walked through the door. Everyone in the Cantina greeted the man 
with much deference. He walked up to Jeff and Susan, and said, 
"Hello, my Yankee friends! We are glad that you are visiting us. The 
barman called me to tell me you were here. We don't get many visitors 
in this isolated place. The last visitor was Marilyn over there, and 
she decided to stay with us." He pointed his well manicured finger at 
the old white woman cleaning tables. "She came to visit two years 
ago. She was such a pretty young thing back then. She looked very 
much like you my dear", he smiled a dazzling white teeth smile at 
Susan. Jeff put his arm around Susan protectively.

"My name is Juan and I run things around here. Is that your boy in 
the car?" he asked. Jeff said that it was and they were just leaving. 
"Too bad, but it seems a very bad man is taking your son in his 
truck. You had better go stop him or you might lose your son." Susan 
screamed and Jeff bolted for the door. He turned to see if Susan was 
following, but Juan was holding her shoulders. Juan said, "you go 
stop him, your wife will be safe here." Susan screamed at Jeff to go 
after their son.

Jeff didn't know what to do he saw a thin Mexican man putting his son 
into the cab of a pick up truck and start driving down the road that 
Jeff and Susan had come into town on. Susan screamed at Jeff to go 
after Little Jeff. Jeff ran to their car and took off down the road 
after the pickup.

As Susan and Juan heard the car engines fade in the distance Juan 
turned to Susan and said, "I'm so glad you are staying with us here 
in "La Casa Putas", do you know what the name means?" Susan shook her 
head no. Juan said, "Marilyn come tell Susan what this place is 
called in English." Marilyn shuffled over to Susan, looked up at her 
with a tear in her eye, and said, ""La Casa Putas" means "House of 
Whores"". Everyone in the bar laughed.

Susan trembled as she was held by Juan, "will my husband and son be 
all right?" "They will if they don't do anything stupid. I'm not 
interested in them. It's you I want to get to know." Susan sighed 
with relief when she heard her family would be OK, but then she 
looked up at Juan and asked, "are you going to rape me?" Juan smiled 
down as he wrapped both arms around Susan, "Yes my pet! You will be 
raped today, but tomorrow you will be fucked, and the day after you 
will willingly spread your white Yankee legs for any brown Mexican 
cock that comes your way."

"Lets start your education right now," said Juan. He ripped off her 
tee-shirt with one pull of his strong arms. Then he pushed her shorts 
down without undoing them. He pushed so hard that her panties went 
down with the shorts. Juan spun Susan around so that she was facing 
the room of leering men and unsnapped her bra. He forcefully pulled 
the bra away, picked up Susan and sat her on the bar. Juan told one 
of the men at the bar to come over and untie her shoes and pull the 
shoes, shorts and panties off. As the man worked on her shoe laces he 
reached up and grabbed her white thigh with his brown fingers. Juan 
slapped the invading hand away and told the man that he didn't get to 
touch her until Juan was finished with her. Susan sat on the bar, one 
arm covering her breasts the other hand hiding her brown pubic hair.

Juan slapped her hard across the face, "Don't hide your body, or I 
will hurt you", he said. Susan answered, "go ahead, I won't make this 
easy for you." Juan turned to the Bar man and said, "call Gomez on 
the radio, tell him to leave the little boy out in the desert for the 
wild dogs to find and tear apart." Hearing that Susan immediately 
dropped her arms, displaying her considerable charms to a room of 
cheering men. "You bastard", said Susan.

"That's better darling, if you cooperate, I promise your life will be 
filled with pleasure, if you don't there will be much pain and your 
little boy will suffer terribly", crowed Juan as he hefted Susan's 
mature right tit in his hand.

Juan turned to the men who were all staring at the naked woman. "I 
have decided that Susan is a rare jewel, I am going to have her to 
myself for awhile. I want to have her while she still cares, I want 
her to think of how her body betrays her Yankee husband. I want her 
to understand with me, before her life becomes a blur of hard cocks 
and potent Spanish seed spilling into her soft white belly." As he 
said that, he took his other hand and rubbed her white stomach just 
above her pubic hair. Then he asked the barman which cabin was empty. 
He led the naked Susan through the seated men towards the back of the 
Cantina. Dirty, calloused hands reached out and stroked her legs and 
ass as she walked past. At the back door Juan turned and told Juanita 
to give Susan's clothes to a village woman because "Susan won't be 
needing them any more."

Juan and Susan emerged from the Cantina into the bright, hot Mexican 
sun. He kicked at several mongrel dogs who were blocking the path. 
The sun was so bright that Susan had to keep her eyes closed as Juan 
led her to a small cabin. Juan said, "We must keep you out of this 
hot sun. Mexican men like the pure white skin of you Yankee women. I 
don't want you to begin getting dark like the local whores. If we 
keep you out of the sun you will get even whiter, No?" They entered 
the small dark room and Susan's eyes adjusted. It was a smelly adobe 
room with a dirt floor. There was a broken down dresser on one wall, 
a cracked mirror over it. The room was dominated by a sagging double 
bed that almost filled the small room. There was one sheet on the 
dirty mattress and it had a large yellow stain in the middle. Juan 
roared out the door, "Marilyn bring some clean sheets in here, 
Rapido! Rapido!

Marilyn soon appeared, took the old sheet off the bed and replaced it 
with a clean white sheet. She glanced sadly at Susan then shuffled 
off. Juan laughed, "She doesn't talk much, she's ashamed of her 
mouth. You see Susan, she kept biting the Mexican cocks she was 
supposed to suck. So I had Gomez pull every tooth from her head. Now 
she is an expert cocksucker. Men come for miles to have the Yankee 
woman swallow their cum. But the last two years have been hard on 
her."

Juan pushed Susan onto the bed and gazed down almost lovingly at her. 
"How many men have you been with my dear?", Juan asked. Susan 
sheepishly answered, "only my husband. I have never been with any 
other men." "Excellent! Now I won't need to wear protection. I 
wouldn't want to catch anything. Of course after today it will be 
different. How big is your husband's member?" Susan replied, "That's 
none of your business." But the truth be know Jeff was only a 
mediocre lover and he had a thin 6 inch penis. Juan began to remove 
his clothes. When he dropped his expensive slacks his impressive cock 
sprang into view. Susan couldn't help herself, she couldn't tear her 
eyes away from the half hard cock. It was brown and smooth. Juan had 
no pubic hair. No hair anywhere except the slicked back oily hair on 
his head.

Juan laughed at Susan when he caught her staring. "Mexican men don't 
have much body hair, and it's so hot, I like to keep myself shaved. 
Also, I can see my cock at work much better without pubic hair. Very 
erotic don't you think?" asked Juan. Susan didn't reply but continued 
to watch has Juan's cock began to rise. It bounced upward every few 
moments as Juan's heart pumped blood into it. The bounce of the 
hardening cock mesmerized Susan. It grew until it stuck straight out 
from Juan's stocky body. It was easily 8 inches long, but was also 
very thick. It was uncircumcised. The first uncut cock Susan had ever 
seen.

"Does your husband have a love muscle like this one?" asked Juan. 
Susan didn't reply, but her continued stare told Juan she had never 
seen a cock as magnificent as his. Juan thought to himself that if he 
went slow this married bitch might turn out real good. She had 
already stopped fighting and seemed really interested in his cock. 
She couldn't keep her eyes off it.

As Susan laid on the dirty bed, she was thinking that she needed to 
go along with this terrible man until she knew her family was safe. 
Why had Jeff brought them here? She was mad at him for getting their 
family into this, and she was worried about her son. But she couldn't 
help herself as she continued to look at Juan's brown penis. She 
didn't know that they came in different shapes and sizes. She only 
had experience with Jeff.

Juan decided that he would be gentle and take his time. He decided to 
be a great Spanish lover. The bed sagged even more as his weight 
settled next to Susan. "What are you going to do?" Susan asked in a 
whisper. "My darling we are going to make beautiful love. I guess you 
could say I'm raping you, since you have no choice, but I want you to 
enjoy this as much as possible", rasped Juan in Susan's ear. "I'm a 
married lady, I won't enjoy being raped. But since you threaten my 
family I will lay here and you can do what you will, but I won't 
enjoy it", snapped Susan. "We'll see, We'll see", smiled Juan and he 
began to gently stroke Susan's soft belly and breasts.

Juan was silent. It was quiet in the dark room except for the 
breathing of Susan and Juan. Juan was infinitely patient. He stroked 
and caressed Susan very gently for a long time. He told her to close 
her eyes and imagine that she was with her husband. It was working. 
Despite herself Juan could tell that her breathing was getting deeper 
and faster. A light sheen of sweat was beginning to form on Susan 
naked body. Juan had avoided touching Susan's nipples or pussy, 
instead concentration on long slow sensual caresses of her arms, 
legs, abdomen, and ass. He continued going slow, but noticed the 
tell-tale flushing of Susan's cheeks, neck and breasts.

Susan had done what Juan asked. As a defense, she lay still with her 
eyes closed and imagined that it was Jeff touching her. But Jeff had 
never been so patient. He was a "slam bam thank you madam" lover. 
Susan caught herself enjoying this erotic massage. She tried to fight 
it, but it felt so good, and there wasn't anything she could do. She 
would pretend that this was Jeff, and when it was over she shouldn't 
feel guilty because after all, this was rape.

Juan spent a long time whispering to and caressing Susan. He quietly 
said, "My darling you are beautiful, you deserve a man like me, enjoy 
the sensations. you were made for sex, you enjoy this, you enjoy 
this, you enjoy this... .." Slowly Juan began to caress Susan's 
nipples finally sucking one of the tight pink buds into his mouth. 
Susan gave an involuntary shudder. Slowly Juan moved down Susan's 
body, kissing gently as he went. Finally he reached her legs and 
slowly parted her thighs. Susan was limp not fighting him, but not 
helping him. Gently he blew on her brown furry mound. Then he stuck 
out his tongue and it came in contact with her thick pussy lips. 
Susan shuddered once again. She had never had anyone eat her. She and 
Jeff hadn't ever performed oral sex on each other. She felt jolts of 
electricity shoot through her body as Juan's tongue found her 
sensitive clit.

She involuntarily opened her legs, just a little. Juan now knew that 
he had her. He didn't really like to eat pussy, especially pussy 
covered with pubic hair, but Susan's cunt tasted very sweet and he 
knew that this was the best way to get her hot. Besides, she would 
suck his cock hundreds of times before he was done with her, so one 
good pussy licking was worth it.

As Juan's lapping tongue found its way to Susan's fuck hole, her legs 
flopped wide open and she moaned out loud. She was getting very wet. 
Juan's slow approach had worked. He began to kiss his way up Susan's 
body and as he began to suck on her nipples again, he placed his cock 
head at her wet opening. Slowly he entered her. Her vagina felt like 
velvet around his Mexican cock. Never had he felt a pussy like this. 
Too bad he couldn't keep her for himself.

Juan knew that to keep his power over this area of outback Mexico he 
would have to give her to the men. His power came from keeping them 
satisfied. Satisfied with women, drugs and money. Juan ran quite an 
operation. He received most of his money from drug smuggling and 
smuggling illegal workers into the U.S. He kept his men in line 
through strong leadership and the rewards that he gave his men. Most 
of the women working in the Cantina were pretty Mexican girls pulled 
from the trucks of illegals heading for the U.S. border. Susan was a 
lucky find for Juan and unfortunately she was destined to be one of 
those rewards for his men.

As Juan's hairless balls nestled up against the crack of Susan's ass, 
Juan smiled at his good fortune. At that exact moment, as Juan's hard 
brown cock reached depth's in Susan's belly that Jeff had never 
dreamed of, Jeff's car finally caught up to the pick-up truck with 
his son in it. The chase had lasted over an hour. After getting back 
to the paved road the pickup had turned off onto another dirt road 
heading North behind the abandoned processing plant. This road was 
rough and Jeff was barely able to keep up with the truck. Actually, 
the pickup slowed down every time it looked like Jeff would fall to 
far behind. The pick-up with Gomez driving was leading an 
unsuspecting Jeff further into the back country.

Finally the truck stopped. Gomez got out with a shotgun under his 
arm. "Senor you may have your son back," called Gomez. Little Jeff 
ran to his father. Gomez went to the back of his truck and got out 
two plastic milk containers full of water. He placed them on the 
ground. He then aimed his shotgun at the father and son, who still 
hugged each other. Gomez smiled then moved the barrel of the gun and 
fired. The radiator of Jeff's car exploded. "Senor", Gomez called, 
"If you wait until dark and follow the North Star you can reach the 
highway in about 25 kilometers. Someone will pick you up. Travel at 
night when it is cool. There is enough water for you and the little 
boy to make it. Walk slowly and carefully, the snakes won't bother 
you but don't step in a gopher or prairie dog hole. If you break your 
leg you will surely die. If you are careful you and the boy will make 
it safely. Going slowly it will take you only two nights. Don't go 
back the way you came I will be watching and I would hate to kill 
you."

Jeff called out, "what about my wife?" Little Jeff cried, "I want my 
Mommy!" Gomez smiled, "Senor, I'd forget about her if I were you. Get 
your rich white Yankee ass back to your home. Take care of your boy. 
Your wife will have a new life, one that I'm sure she will enjoy!" 
Gomez got back in his truck and roared away back down the dusty road.

As Jeff and Jeff Junior watched the pickup drive away, Juan was still 
in the dark cabin, still buried deep inside Susan, slowly, 
centimeters at a time began to move his thick cock in and out of her 
sweet white pussy. He could feel her getting wetter. Susan was trying 
to fight the feeling, but Juan kept slowly moving and whispering to 
her how good it felt, how wet she was, how much her body was liking 
the sensations she was feeling. Juan began to pick up the pace. He 
would withdraw his invading cock further and then stroke in deeper. 
Susan lost finally lost control. She wrapped her legs around Juan's 
ass and began to buck back against him. Now Juan changed his tactics. 
From slow gentle lover her became a hard brutal fuck machine. 
Screaming at Susan that she loved to fuck, that she was made for 
screwing, that all men wanted her, that she was his whore.

As Juan slammed his engorged cock into Susan, he held back, not 
allowing himself to cum. Watching her build to a huge orgasm. As she 
began to shake, nearing her climax, Juan said, "tell me you are my 
whore, my slut. Tell me what you are!! Tell me!!" Susan screamed, 
"I'm a whore and slut. Fuck me harder. Oh! forgive me Jeff. Fuck me 
harder Juan!" Juan smiled and stopped holding himself back. His red 
hot poker of a cock blasted jism deep into Susan's belly. Susan 
grabbed Juan tightly with her legs and arms, She hanging below his 
stock body. Susan had the biggest orgasm of her life, in the arms of 
a Mexican drug smuggler and pimp. All thoughts of her family were at 
least temporarily forgotten.

As Susan and Juan laid on their backs looking at the stained ceiling 
of the cabin, Susan began to cry. "Sex is nothing to cry about," said 
Juan, "so you betrayed your husband with me. Does he make you feel 
like Juan makes you feel? I told you you would enjoy it." Susan 
sobbed. Juan got off the bed and began to dress. He told Susan that 
he had business that he needed to attend to. He told her to stay in 
the "crib" as he called it. He would send Marilyn in with some food. 
She should rest and he would be back before dark, to make her forget 
her family some more.

Susan laid back exhausted. She was full of mixed emotions. She had 
really enjoyed Juan's "rape" of her. She had never felt like that 
before. She also began to worry about Jeff and Little Jeff. Were they 
OK. But soon visions of Juan's penis invaded her thoughts once again. 
Maybe I really am just a slut and it took that greasy Juan to bring 
it out in me. Marilyn was soon at the door. She brought in some 
Mexican food and cold beer. Susan pulled the sheet over her naked 
body. Marilyn laughed, "soon you will have no shame. I didn't." When 
Susan tried to get Marilyn to talk the old woman covered her mouth 
and didn't say much. She pulled a bucket and a full enema bag out of 
her basket. "Douche with this, there is no running water in the 
cribs. You can piss and shit in the bucket. Clean it out outside with 
the hose on the back of the Cantina. You use the same hose to bath 
yourself. Juan told me to remind you that you are to stay inside out 
of the sun. He don't want anyone else messing with you and he wants 
your skin to stay lily white." Marilyn walked out the door and over 
her shoulder said, "don't try to run away, miles of desert in every 
direction. There is no place to go."

Susan had a spark of hope. Maybe Juan had enjoyed sex with her so 
much he would keep her for himself. Maybe she would be able to 
convince him to let her family leave this horrible place together. 
Susan decided that she would win Juan over. Susan ate the food, and 
with her hunger gone used the douche to wash away Juan's big load of 
jism. Susan thought, "Jeff never cums this much." She watched as the 
white go ran from her distended pussy lips and into the bucket she 
squatted over.

Susan began to feel light headed and sat on the bed. Juan had the 
food laced with some powerful Mexican hash, and the water in the 
douche was contaminated with juice from the prickly cactus. The 
cactus juice produced an intense rash and itch on sensitive skin as a 
natural defense. Now that juice as working on her pink cunt meat. 
Susan's new life was about to begin.

As Susan was sitting on her crib's bed getting higher and higher, 
Jeff and Little Jeff were beginning their walk North. It was just 
getting to be dusk and the temperature was dropping. The father 
helped the boy, walking slowly and carefully. Jeff could just make 
out the North Star. He was worried about Susan, but he had to get his 
son to safety first. Susan sat naked on her bed, she was feeling 
giddy and happy, but she had a terrible itch. She sat on the bed 
crosslegged, Indian style, rubbing her pubic hair. Finally she 
couldn't stand the itch anymore and she dipped a finger into her 
reddening pussy.

Just then the door opened and Juan walked in. Susan looked up with 
dilated eyes and smiled, "here is my lover." Juan smiled down at her 
and said "Sweet Susan, I can see that you are feeling fine after our 
afternoon fuck." "Yes! you made me feel like I never have before." 
Susan's clouded mind knew what she was saying was wrong, she was 
married to... what was his name... Oh yes! Jeff. But all of her 
inhibitions were down because of the drugs, and because she felt that 
she had already betrayed her family by responding to Juan's "rape?".

Susan giggled, "my vagina itches." Juan stripped off his clothes and 
said OLet me take care of that itch. Let me make you feel wonderful 
again." Susan flopped back on the bed smiling. Her mature breasts 
dancing in circles as she came to rest. "No! Susan first you must do 
something for me", said Juan sternly. "First you must make love to my 
manhood with your mouth." Juan was now naked and his flaccid brown 
penis hung over Susan's face. "I never kissed Jeff's peepee", a 
childlike Susan said, "Hurry, I'm all itchy." Juan replied, "Not 
until you kiss my peepee." He thought he might get further using her 
words.

Susan sat up, still giggling and quickly pecked the hardening pecker 
with her lips. "No, No Susan open your mouth and suck it like a 
lollipop." With glazed eyes Susan opened her mouth. Juan stabbed his 
cock between her lips. Juan took a few minutes to instruct Susan on 
the fine art of cocksucking. "Susan, my Yankee Puta, you are becoming 
a good little cocksucker. " Susan labored over Juan's cock her cheeks 
hollowing and filling as she labored over Juan's uncut cock. He told 
her how to run her tongue under the skin that covered his dickhead. 
He instructed her how to take his balls in her mouth and roll them 
around with her tongue. Finally she pulled away, "Help me Juan my 
pussy is on fire."

Juan smiled, positioned Susan onto her hands and knees, and entered 
her doggy-style. Susan groggily said, "Thank you Juan, that feels 
much better." Juan laughed out loud. In just 6 hours Juan had this 
sweet, pure, American housewife and mother sucking his cock and 
thanking him for fucking her. He reached forward and grabbed one of 
her dangling boobs. It took him a moment to grab it, because as he 
pounded into her from behind Susan's tits were swinging wildly.

He came quickly. Sadly, he thought this was his last fuck with Susan. 
After tonight he would no longer put his "pride and joy", his cock 
into Susan. After tonight she wouldn't ever be clean enough for him 
to fuck. But he smiled to himself, he could continue to teach her how 
to suck cock. In Juan's warped mind her mouth could be clean enough 
for him but not her pussy.

Juan helped Susan out of the bed and told her that they were going to 
the Cantina with the other girls. The Mexican crib girls slept all 
day in the cabins and went to the Cantina at night. Taking customers 
back and forth to their cribs for "10 dollar American fucks and 
sucks." Juan kept the money. He fed the girls and gave them drugs so 
they would perform all sorts of perverted tricks for the men in the 
Cantina. Susan was to become Juan's newest "crib girl". But first she 
would be a reward for his men. Many of his men had come to the 
Cantina because word of the new Yankee puta had spread quickly.

Through drugged eyes Susan saw several other girls walking from 
cabins toward the back door of the Cantina. They were all small dark 
Mexican women.

As Susan was led naked into the Cantina a great roar went up from a 
large crowd of men. The lights in the Cantina were bright and the 
room was filled with heavy marijuana and hash smoke. The dope smell 
even overpowered the the rank smell of sweat and male bodies that had 
not washed in days.

Mexican music played on an old juke box in the corner. The Mexican 
crib girls had already moved into the crowd of men and were being 
openly grabbed and fondled. Marilyn was on her knees next to a fat 
smelly Mexican slurping on his short dirty cock. She looked up at the 
naked Susan was steered through the throng by Juan. Marilyn dropped 
the cock she was sucking from her mouth and gave Susan a toothless 
smile. Marilyn immediately went back to work on the cock as it began 
to shoot cum onto her face.

The itch had returned to Susan's vagina. Juan lifted Susan onto the 
bar where she had sat naked earlier in the day. Juan raised his arms 
and the crowd became quiet. "My friends, this is a Yankee puta. 
Before today she had only been in her husband's bed. Now he has left 
her with us." Juan turned to Susan and pulled the wedding ring from 
her finger. Juan continued as he held her rings up for the crowd to 
see, "I declare that she no longer belongs to her husband, now she 
belongs to all of the men who have faithfully served me. Have fun 
with her tonight as a present from me. Tomorrow she goes to work in a 
crib and you will have to pay to enjoy her white yankee body".

Susan was grabbed by several of the men and laid across a table. a 
line formed at her head and between her outstretched legs. Roughly a 
penis was thrust into both her mouth and her pussy. Susan's drug 
clouded mind knew enough not to bite down with her teeth she didn't 
want to end up without any teeth like Marilyn. The cock in her cunt 
helped sooth the terrible itch in her cunt. As load after load of 
sperm was deposited into her the itch was soothed. The men in the 
Cantina periodically gave her a crack or hash pipe to smoke and 
Susan's mind floated around enjoying the sensations of dozens of 
hands touching her and dozens of cocks penetrating her.

As dawn broke over the Cantina Susan was taken out back of the 
Cantina. The huge barman who had fucked her at least twice during the 
night held her up while the other crib girls hosed her off. She was 
covered in white jism. She looked as if her body had been painted in 
sperm. Finally the hose was jammed up her loosely flapping pussy and 
her belly was washed out. Susan was dumped back into the bed in "her 
crib" and she slept the day away. Juan told Marilyn to get her up a 
few hours before dusk. "Make her look like the whore she is," he 
said.

Late in the day Susan's sore body was taken to a small room behind 
the bar in the Cantina. First she was given more drugs. As she sat 
giggling in a drug induced stupor, her crotch was shaved, her brown 
hair was bleached almost white blonde (the Mexican men preferred 
their Caucasian women blonde), her left nipple was pierced and a 
large hoop earing was hung on her tit. Finally, Marilyn applied thick 
makeup, in the style she knew the local men liked on their whores. 
Susan giggled when she saw herself in the mirror above the bar, "am I 
going to fuck some more?" she asked in an innocent little girl voice.

That night Susan began her new career. Like the other crib girls, 
Susan would circulate around the Cantina and when a man wanted her he 
would go to the Barman give him $10 American cash and pull Susan to 
her crib. She would either fuck or suck him, then return to the 
Cantina. Susan quickly learned that if she got the man off quickly, 
the barman would give her a long drag on a dope pipe when she got 
back inside. This kept her feeling good and helped her forget what 
she was doing. By morning she was enjoying her numerous trips from 
the Cantina to her crib and back again.

She slept during the day. The next night the routine continued. 
Except in order to increase business Juan had Susan and one of the 
other Mexican bar girls put on sex shows for the men. The women would 
eat each other out and even used empty beer bottles as dildoes on 
each other. Susan had been fucked so many times that the long necked 
bottles slid easily into her snatch. If they put on a particularly 
good show the men in the bar would throw money to the barman and he 
would give the girls a hit from the ever present drug pipe.

The third day after her new life began, Jeff showed up. He and Jeff 
Junior had made it to the highway and had been picked up by an older 
American couple. He had asked them to take Jeff Junior to his parents 
house in Dallas. They had agreed and at the next large town Jeff had 
gone to the local police station. He got no help from the police. 
They didn't want to make Juan mad, and besides, Juan was bribing them 
to look the other way when drug or illegal alien shipments came 
through.

Jeff rented a Pickup truck and drove back to the Cantina himself to 
get Susan.

Jeff arrived at the almost empty Cantina in mid-afternoon. Little did 
he know that Susan's abused body was sleeping just a few steps away 
in a crib.

Juan was immediately called and when he arrived at the Cantina the 
fat Barman already held a shot gun on Jeff.

"Senor, you should not have come back", said Juan. "I came for my 
wife", yelled Jeff. Juan smiled, "She doesn't want to be your wife 
anymore. I should kill you, but I think that I will do something much 
worse to you. I will let you live. I will let you see first hand what 
you wife and the mother of your son has become. Then I hope you live 
a long life with that image in you mind."

Juan had the barman tie Jeff to a chair in a dark corner of the 
Cantina. "In a couple of hours you will see your sweet Susan", 
laughed Juan.

Jeff sat there as the Cantina filled up with Mexican men. Some of 
them came over to him and spit on him, others laughed and said his 
wife was the best Yankee puta in Mexico.

Finally the Mexican crib girls swayed sexily into the room. At the 
end of the line, a head taller, was a naked Susan, smiling and 
giggling. Jeff immediately noticed her blonde hair, shaved pussy and 
gold ring hanging from her nipple. Juan walked up to Susan and 
clipped a dog leash to her nipple ring. He led her through the crowd 
of men who grabbed at her. Susan laughed as rough, calloused, dirty 
hands came in contact with her tits, cunt and ass. Occasionally a 
finger would worm its way into her pussy. Susan would stop and squat 
a little giving the hand free access. Then Juan would tug on the 
leash, her boob would be pulled out and then bounce back as she moved 
forward.

Juan brought Susan to the table where Jeff sat in the dark corner. 
She did not see him or didn't recognize him if she did. Four men sat 
at the table. Juan said, "free blowjobs for everyone at this table." 
He pushed Susan under the table and said, "suck them off Yankee 
whore." Susan immediately unzipped the pants of the first Mexican. He 
reached down and fingered her breasts as she licked his cock and 
balls. She quickly got to work and one after another she sucked each 
man off, swallowing as much jism as she could, the rest running down 
her chin and landing on her bent legs.

At the end of the line was Jeff. Without looking up Susan unzipped 
his pants, pulled out his cock, and for the first time in her life 
took her husband's cock between her cum covered lips. She sucked 
happily away, not even recognizing her husband's penis. Even though 
he fought it, Jeff felt his cock cock get hard. Susan gave his cock 
and balls a tongue bath, and in only moments Jeff's wife was drinking 
his jism. Susan immediately licked his cock clean put it back in his 
pants. Susan then walked with her ass swinging in a hookers walk, 
over to the barman for a drug hit.

Juan was not done. He had Susan perform a sex show with Juanita on 
the bar. The end of the show had Susan squatting over a beer bottle 
until it completely disappeared inside of her.

Juan left Jeff tied for most of the night and he was forced to watch 
Susan leave the Cantina every 30 minutes or so with a different man. 
Finally, Juan untied Jeff and led him out back to Susan's crib. They 
peered through a small, dirty window and Jeff saw Susan grunting as 
she bounced up and down on a fat Mexican laying on his back. He 
reached up and played with her tits as she bounced. Finally both the 
man and Susan groaned in orgasm, and Susan flopped down on the bed 
beside him.

Juan looked at Jeff, "Senor, you should be proud, I have never known 
a woman who loves a hard cock as much as your wife. Just look at her 
door." On the door was a piece of notebook paper tacked up. A stubby 
pencil hung next to it on a string. Juan continued, "this is my 
weekly tally. To make sure I am not cheated the girls must make a 
tally mark on this sheet every time they bring a man to her crib. 
Susan has only been here four nights, and look there are hundreds of 
tally marks."

Jeff hung his head. "May I leave now", he asked. Juan laughed, "Yes 
my Yankee husband, If you ever get married again, please bring your 
next wife for a visit, you have good taste. If not don't ever come 
back."

As Jeff drove away he wondered what he would say to Jeff Junior.

Two years later a blonde white woman, old before her time, was wiping 
tables in a backwoods Mexican Cantina. She had the mind of a twelve 
year old from all the drugs that she had taken. She hoped that some 
man would want to fuck her tonight. Recently her only satisfaction 
had come from the sex shows she put on with the big stray dog that 
hung around the Cantina. She wouldn't get to smoke the crack pipe if 
she couldn't get a man to pay $10 American for her.

Just then the door to the Cantina opened and a middle aged man, his 
attractive wife, and their 16 year old, blonde daughter entered the 
Cantina. The man said, "We seem to be lost."

The barman picked up the CB radio...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Headhunter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





