BDSM Library - Gloria's Revenge




Gloria's Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: These girls were captured, raped and torture. They want to strike back and take the revenge.
*********************************************************
Warning: This story is a work of adult fiction, and
should be treated as such. It contains graphic
descriptions of rape (the real, non-enjoyable kind),
and torture.   If you are a minor or are easily offended
by this type of content, then please read no further.
*********************************************************




                            Gloria's Revenge
                                By: Alan Russelton



Jenna had driven as fast as she could to Robert's place. The message he'd left
on her answering machine was nearly unintelligible but she'd managed to make out
that there'd been some kind of accident and he needed her to come over right
away. When she called back, his line was busy. After a few minutes, she jumped
into her car and took off for the fifteen-minute trip across town.

Her car's shocks bottomed out as she bounded into the apartment complex parking
lot. Robert's parking space was empty. Confused already, she pulled into it and
ran toward the building, digging her key from her purse as she went.

She squealed with shock as she came through the door and saw a two strangers
sitting on the couch. At first, she thought she'd entered the wrong apartment in
her panic. "Oh, sorry!" she shouted, backing out, slamming the door.

"Jenna!" a voice called from behind the closed door. It opened quickly and she
saw the number on it was indeed Robert's. Now she was more confused and worried
than ever.

"Jenna?" the man standing there asked. "It's OK," he reassured, "Robert sent us
here to get you." He jingled Robert's key chain. "C'mon," he continued, "we need
to hurry." He beckoned his companion and both hustled out the door.

"What's happened?!" she demanded, nearly in tears. The second man followed them
out the door and the first turned the key in the bolt lock.

"An accident," he said, apparently trying to play down the excitement,
"Robert's, well, OK, but he wants you to come to him. He asked us to come get
you." The three walked briskly toward the parking lot.

Jenna's heart froze. "An accident?!" she blurted, now totally upset, "What
--how?"

"It's not serious," the man reassured, "he's with the paramedics by now. It was
just a simple thing. Down by the river."

They reached Jenna's car and she began to open the door.

"No," he told her, "we've gotta take ours. Robert needs you to drive his home."

She started to speak but they continued on. A few spaces away, a man waited in
an old beaten up Monte Carlo. His eyes perked as he saw them coming.

"This is Hank," he said, pointing to the man behind the wheel. "And I'm Jules.
This is Craig," he said, nodding to his companion who met her eyes and smiled.
"Look, I'm sorry about the quick introductions but we've really got to get out
there." He opened the door and she climbed across the back seat. Chris sat next
to her and Jules took the front.

"It's OK," she told him, struggling to contain her distress, "Please! What
happened?"

"Well, we're not sure, actually," he said as the old Chevy clunked into reverse,
"we were down by the river and we found him on the ground. Maybe he fell out of
his car or something but we made sure he was OK and left him to go call the
ambulance. He gave us his keys and your phone number. He said you'd be at work
so he figured the best thing would be for us to call you and wait at his
apartment."

It didn't make sense to Jenna. Robert hadn't mentioned going near the river
today, they'd planned to talk on the phone tonight and to spend the weekend
getting ready for her move into his apartment. Nevertheless, Hank headed for the
river and it was only a short distance now.

She took a moment to collect herself. The three men seemed reasonably decent.
They all looked to be in their late 30s or early 40s and normally dressed. Jules
was nice looking with medium-length dark brown hair and deep blue eyes. Next to
her, Craig looked a little younger, leaner, and less sophisticated with dirty
blond hair and green eyes that kept looking at her, then glancing away. She
couldn't tell much about Hank since she sat right behind him. But he had a
crew-cut and appeared heavier-set than the other two. He wore a pierced earring.

Jenna's curiosity surged again. "But what was wrong with him?" she asked
fearfully, "was anything broken? Did he--"

The car bounced as it left the pavement, heading down a dirt road into the dense
trees along the river. Dust boiled as they rumbled along.

"Hang on," Jules shouted, now competing with the increased road noise, "we'll be
there in a second."

The car jostled quickly along one narrowing dirt road, then another for about
another mile and finally broke into a small, deeply sheltered clearing at the
river's edge. Jenna looked around for the ambulance or other emergency vehicles
but there was nothing.

They screeched to a stop and Hank shut off the engine. Almost immediately Jules
hopped out, followed by Craig and Jenna. They all stood together in the sudden
silence.

"Where is he?!" she demanded, looking around frantically, trying to see a path
or any other indication of activity. Robert's car was nowhere to be seen either.

"They must have taken him to the hospital already," he answered, "we'd been
waiting at his place for awhile." He stepped closer to Jenna and began
unbuttoning her blouse. She didn't even think to react until he'd released the
second one.

Jenna screamed and lunged back. "What have you done to him?!" she yelled. She
bumped into something solid: Hank, who grabbed her arms and held her fast.  She
struggled, screaming louder.

Jules slapped her across the face once, twice, then a third time, leaving her
dazed and silent. Craig handed him a wide piece of duct tape and he pressed it
across her mouth. "I wouldn't be worrying about him right now." He smiled and
ripped apart the halves of her blouse.

She wore a black bra with a little red rose embroidered at its center. Jules
slid his finger beneath the flower and pulled it outward, tightening the garment
about her torso. He lifted upward, drawing her eyes to his. "You'll see
what's-his-name in good time--maybe--but first we're gonna have a little fun
together."

Jenna shrieked into the gag and struggled wildly. Her world exploded into
hysterical panic. She kicked and screamed and kicked some more.

Jules' hand gripped her throat fiercely, nearly lifting her off the ground. He
looked deep into her eyes and, for the first time, she saw evil. She began to
tremble.

"You've got a choice now, Jenna," he told her coolly, "you can settle down and
do what we tell you and you might see your boyfriend again. Or you can give us
trouble and we'll just kill you--after we hurt you for a while. A long while.
You choose." He removed his hand and stepped back. Jenna felt Hank's hold on her
arms release and, all at once, she stood there on her own.

Jenna didn't move. She was afraid to look anywhere but the ground. Slowly, she
raised her eyes and found Jules' waiting.

"Now," he continued calmly, "we really don't want to hurt you. All you need to
do is cooperate and everything will be fine. You willing to do that?"

Jules smiled.

Jenna nodded slowly. She strained to calm herself. Jules touched her face and
ran his fingers through her long dark red hair. She saw Craig had pulled out a
35mm camera with a zoom lens. Hank held a camcorder and had already begun
taping.

"What you're going to do now," he began, "is to walk over to that little
mound of grass and follow my instructions while Craig takes pictures." Jules
nodded to a green patch in the river sand at the base of a large tree.

She began to walk but Jules stopped her by taking her arm. "Barefoot," he told
her, then stepped back while Craig shot a short sequence of her taking off her
shoes. She continued slowly, stopping in the middle of the grass. It felt soft
and cool on her bare feet.

"Now your blouse and bra," came the command and, slowly, she complied, shedding
the garments and dropping them into a pile at her feet. She stood waiting,
trying to cover her medium-sized, but ample bared breasts with her upper arms.
"Get your arms away!" Jules barked. "Don't try to be modest!

Before it's over you're not going to have any secrets." Trembling, she obeyed,
feeling the wind's cool tickle on the normally covered flesh.

But it felt strangely stirring at the same time. The light summer wind swirling
across her half-inch diameter nipples almost tickled. She found herself touching
the sides of her breasts with her fingertips, trying to appear as if she
scratched herself, rather than exploring to see whether the sensation might be
real.

"The jeans," Jules told her, "unbutton them and open the zipper. Slide them down
and pull your legs out slowly, one by one. Point your toes."

Jenna did as she was told, listening to the click-whirr of each exposure as
Craig captured the sequence.

"Now, get those panties wet," Jules commanded. Jenna looked at him, eyes
confused.

"Diddle yourself, goddamnit!" I want to see a wet stain. "Do it!"

Jenna closed her eyes trying to shut out the terror and imagine anything
exciting. Her fingers found the ecstatic spot she known all her life but her
body wouldn't respond. She tried and tried, holding her eyes tightly shut,
trembling a little now.

Suddenly her world exploded into a yellow flash. Something had hit her and hit
her hard. She backed away and opened her eyes to see Jules standing there. He'd
hit her and now hit her again. He pushed her against the tree and began fondling
her breasts and pinching her nipples.

"C'mon, bitch, get wet! Don't waste our time!" He slapped again and added his
own hand atop hers, pressing her fingers up against the thin layer of white
cotton covering her dark bush. He looked down. "Craig, get closer," he called
over his shoulder, get this.

Craig moved up and shot several frames of the translucent patch now showing up
darkly.

"Ahh, what the fuck!" Jules said to himself. He pushed her down to the ground
and ripped away the panties. The grass felt cool against her naked ass. She
watched as Jules stood over her and stripped off his t-shirt.

"Hey, whattaya doin'?" complained Craig, as he watched Jules opening his belt
and kicking off his shoes. "You said we'd--"

"Just take pictures, goddamnit," he snapped, "I changed my mind. I want 'er
while she's still fresh!"

Jules had his pants off and pulled down his underwear to reveal a seven-inch
cock swollen to hardness. He grabbed Jenna by the arm and stood her on her
knees. With his other hand, he pulled away the tape from her mouth. "Get it wet,
bitch!" he commanded, kicking away the shorts.

"Please!!" she begged, "don't do this! I won't tell anyone! Please. Just take me
back and--" Jules' cockhead pressing into her mouth cut short her pleas.

He put his hand behind her head, and pressed himself first gently, then deep,
causing her to gag and explode into panic. She struggled vainly as he let his
member drive far into her throat, pulling out to let her steal a breath, then
plunging deeply once more. Five or six vicious strokes later, he withdrew his
cock and smiled at its coating of thick, slippery saliva from the depths of her
throat. She knelt coughing, gagging, and sobbing.

He pushed her onto her back, knelt between her legs, grabbed her flanks and
pressed himself into the heart of her cunt. His instant penetration left her
wide-eyed and wide-mouthed. He pounded his cock deep and hard in a series of
intense strokes, then eased, allowing himself to savor her tender channel in
long explorations.

"Ooo," he murmured, "I like 'em the first time like this. Wrap your legs around
me, honey. Let me feel 'em on my body."

Jenna obeyed, grasping his hips and buttocks with her shapely calves. She
crossed her ankles to hold on and heard the camera clicking.

Jules arched his back, supporting his body with his hands. He looked down at her
as he fucked. "What a pretty one you are," he told her, letting his eyes roam
for the first time; he took hold of one of her nipples with his finger tips and
rolled it gently. His cock pressed and played as it moved. "Gonna be fun from
here on out," he said to her, looking deep into her dark green eyes. He leaned
over and kissed her, taking her mouth with his and savoring its newness.

"Never hold back on the first one," he said over his shoulder. His breathing
deepened. The camera clicked again. Jules kissed her again and moaned into her
mouth. She felt hotness inside and his cock suddenly moved frictionlessly
against her cunt's wall. "Mmm," he sighed softly, still kissing her, allowing
his cum to gush as it would. His strokes softened as he extracted his ecstasy
from the release.

Jenna felt strangely excited. She'd been kidnapped, stripped, and raped but
something about it stirred her deep inside. Her terror-stricken mind strained to
resist the feeling but it persisted, and it felt good. She was afraid to let
herself recognize her regret he'd come so quickly. Utterly bewildered with the
powerfully conflicting emotions, she began to cry.

Jules pulled out of her and crawled over to put his cock above her mouth. "Suck
it, bitch," he commanded, "taste it, get used to it!"

Jenna did. She smelled and tasted the spume from her own juices, his cum, and
his sweat. She took him ravenously. And it was good. Deep inside her mind, she
knew this was profoundly exciting, despite all her conscious attempts to
suppress it. Her hand moved to her cunt and again found her spot, she began
touching herself. She swallowed and swallowed and found her mouth desperate for
more.

She opened her eyes to see that Hank was now naked. He'd put the camcorder on a
tripod and waited a few feet away now. She saw he stood at least six feet tall
and weighed easily more than 220 pounds. He stroked a huge, thick cock. The
sight stunned Jenna back to reality; suddenly she shook herself clear and began
screaming.

Jules grabbed her with a single hand and held her face close to his. "Don't
worry about Hank," he told her, watching her eyes fixed upon the huge man and
his huge cock, "There'll be plenty of time to get to know him. He's not a real
fan of cunt, anyway." Jules laughed.

Jenna saw Craig approaching. He'd shed his shirt and carried a cloth bag. He
dumped it out and she saw it contained rope. The two picked her up and Jules
held her against the three-foot diameter tree while Craig pulled her hands back
and connected her wrists with a length of rope. Then Craig took a longer coil of
rope and began wrapping her tightly against the tree from the neck down. By the
time the wraps had reached her hips, Jenna was effectively "bonded" to the tree
trunk. Jules then spread her legs and held them wrapped around the trunk while
Craig finished the task. Jenna could see the bulge in Craig's pants.

While Jules watched approvingly, Craig took several pictures of her trussed up
like that. He took several close-ups of Jules' cum as it ran slowly down her
thighs. Jules smiled and walked to the car. Craig put down his camera and
unbuttoned his pants.

He wore no underwear and his cock, at least eight inches long, fell forward as
his pants slipped away. He walked up to her, stroking it. Jenna's eyes widened;
she'd never seen anything like it: the base was thicker than average but it's
length tapered to a head only perhaps three-quarters of an inch in diameter. It
curved upward wickedly and Jenna tried to imagine how it would feel to have that
slender snake exploring her insides. The strange excitement resurfaced but so
did the terror. Craig avoided her eyes as he touched its head to her labia and
pressed himself in. The rigid length slid home and she felt the tiny glans bump
her cervix and swirl around it. She screamed.

"Hey, goddamnit!" Jules suddenly shouted, "lay off! I promised! Now get the fuck
out of her!"

Craig pulled out. "Hey, you already,"

"NO, goddamnit! I told you! Get the other one," Jules yelled, "she's probably
ready by now."

Craig stole a look at Jenna,the first time he'd met her eyes, and turned away. 
He and Hank trotted back to the car. Hank dug into his pants for the keys and
opened the trunk. Jenna couldn't see what they did until they emerged from
behind the raised trunk lid. They carried a girl, bound hand and foot and gagged
with a large cloth tied around her head. The two laid her on the grass in front
of the car; she appeared unconscious.

She had short, dusky blond hair and was fully dressed. Jules knelt next to her
and pulled away the gag. All at once, Jenna recognized her: It was Karen, her
best friend and roommate at college!

Jules lifted the girl's head and slapped her face a few times to stimulate her.
She seemed to moan and come around.

"What did you do to her?" Jenna cried, "Karen! Karen, are you all right?"

Jules seemed irritated. Roughly, he picked the girl up and began dragging her
toward the tree. Hank joined in and they quickly brought her to the grassy mound
and dropped her before Jenna. Karen moaned in semiconsciousness.

"What's wrong with her?!" Jenna demanded, tears gushing.

"Nuthin' that ain't gonna be wrong with you if you don't shut up!" Jules
suddenly shouted, grabbing Jenna's nipple and twisting cruelly. He grabbed her
jaw and kissed her viciously, kneading her breast with his hand. "Roofies," he
spurted out of the blue. Jenna looked at him. "Rohypnol," he clarified, then
thought a moment, "date-rape drugs," he explained. She kept looking.

"You give 'em to women and it knocks 'em out so you can take 'em and fuck 'em!
We gave a little to your friend here." Jules nudged the side of Karen's head
with his toe. She moaned and smiled. Hank and Craig rolled her over and untied
her, then rolled her back onto her back.

"But it has another nice little side-effect," he said, straddling her hips and
sitting on her thighs. "What's her name? Karen is it?" Jenna nodded.

"Karen," Jules called to the semi-conscious girl. She looked at him through
half-lidded eyes. He kneaded both her breasts through her clothes. "Wanna get
fucked, Karen? Wanna' have a real good time with some hot guys?" Karen mumbled.

"Say it, Karen," he prodded, "c'mon, wanna get fucked?" She mumbled again. Jules
slapped her cheeks from side to side. "C'mon? Wanna?" She looked up at Craig and
Hank who stood stroking their erect cocks and looking back.

Jenna saw Karen's mouth water and her tongue chased a drop of spittle as it
flowed down her cheek.

"Yes," Karen said weakly, "yes, fuck me. Please fuck me."

"See?" Jules said to Jenna as he stood. He took the piece of duct tape and
pressed it back across her mouth, then and walked back to the camcorder, "It
makes them horny too. Some of 'em can never get enough.

"OK, you guys," he said switching on the tape, "go ahead. Let's keep 'em both in
the frame. And you don't have to be careful with this one," he said, nodding
down to Karen. Jules stepped back and picked up the still camera.

The two men literally shredded the clothing from Karen's body, tossing her about
like a rag doll. It was incredibly vicious but Karen seemed to revel in it. Hank
and Craig took turns ramming their cocks down her throat, then Hank picked her
up and impaled her on Craig's spindly member as he lay on the ground. She moved
her hips and fucked him while Hank pressed her head onto his cock. All the
while, Jules recorded the spectacle as well as Jenna's horrified reactions.

Hank walked back to the car while Craig rolled her over and proceeded to fuck
her viciously. He knew just how to work his cock inside her, swirling his hips
and ramming deeply, over and over. He slapped her medium-sized breasts back and
forth, listening to her squeal with delight. It energized him and he slapped and
fucked even harder; Jenna couldn't imagine anyone

taking that kind of sexual energy and enjoying it.

Hank trotted back with a jar of Vaseline. Craig saw him coming and pulled out.
Stroking himself, he watched Hank wrap his arm around her waist dangle her
upside down. He spread a large gob of jelly on her asshole and pressed one, then
two fingers inside. Karen gasped with the penetration and looked at Craig who'd
laid down on his back and played with his cock, holding up its now nine-inch
length and shaking its tiny head, teasing it in a small circle.

Hank lowered her throat onto Craig's cock, then knelt behind her. He put his
cock head against her asshole, and pressed himself inside. She gagged and gasped
in lustful delight and only sucked Craig deeper.

Hank began fucking now; at first slowly to open her, then faster and faster. He
picked up a rhythm that she matched with her sucking of Craig. It went on a few
minutes until Craig began to moan. His climax splashed into her gullet and he
screamed with it. But she'd lost her mind and still worked his cock for more.
Craig pulled her head away and she went right back. He slapped her, then hit her
with his fist, pulling away in wild over sensitized agony. She just lay there
groping for him, moaning and savoring the traces of his cum still in her mouth
while he sat just out of reach.

Meanwhile, Hank pounded faster. Seconds later he began to make wild,
indecipherable sounds, then suddenly gasped as his cum filled her belly. He rode
her a little longer then pushed her away, face down into the grass.

She struggled to get up but could only make it to her knees. Craig pushed her
head onto Jenna's vulva and she began to eat her, seeking the cum still running
from her insides. Jenna just watched.

"OK, that's good for now," Jules announced as he switched off the camera.
"Better get 'em out there."

Hank had picked up a shard of Karen's blouse and wiped himself with it as he
walked around to loosen the rope holding Jenna to the tree. While he worked,
Craig began picking up the girls' clothing and shoes. He stuffed everything into
a burlap sack he'd pulled from the car's trunk. Meanwhile, Karen still worked
her mouth deep into Jenna's pussy, oblivious to all else.

Jenna felt the rope holding her wrists loosen, then slip free. She instantly
reached down to Karen and pulled her head away. She tried to talk but had
forgotten about the tape on her mouth; she ripped it away. "Karen!" she shouted
desperately, "Karen! It's me, Jenna! Can you hear me? Don't you know me?"

Karen seemed irritated at the interruption but the sudden recognition seemed to
stir her back to reality. "Jenna?" she asked softly. She paused a moment.
"Jenna!" Her voice was frantic and excited. All at once, she pressed her body
against Jenna's and began kissing her deeply.

Jenna felt herself free from the tree now and embraced her friend. Karen
continued kissing her; she rubbed her body sensuously against Jenna's and
moaned. Suddenly, Jules snatched her away.

"Roofies work pretty good on some of 'em," he observed to Jenna, "better 'n
that, most of 'em don't remember anything about it later." Karen began fondling
Jules' cock and kissing his neck. Jules shoved her away and into Craig's arms.
She grabbed him and began kissing him. Craig kneed her in the stomach and she
flew backward, doubled up.

"Ain't gonna matter what she remembers," Craig mused. Jenna watched horrified as
Craig put a large rock into the burlap bag with their clothing. He knotted it
and tossed it far out into the river.

"What are you--?!"

Her words were cut off by Hank who grabbed her from behind and began tying her
wrists together again. She felt his cock--half hard again already-- touching her
crack as he worked. She squealed.

"Wanna' gag her?" he asked Jules. It was the first time Jenna had heard him
speak.

"Naa, let her feet free too."

Hank began hustling her over to the car, this time to the trunk. She watched
Craig collect Karen and bring her.

"No! No, please don't put us in there! Please!!" she begged as Hank, ignoring
her, lifted her bodily and laid her atop a couple of tattered blankets spread
out in the old car's spacious trunk. Craig picked up Karen and tossed her in on
top of Jenna.

"Don't wanna tie her up?" he asked, casting a puzzled look at Jules.

"No need," he said, smiling. He pulled on his pants and reached for his shirt.
"We won't be stopping or going through any towns. Let's make the ride fun for
our new one here."

The trunk lid slammed shut, leaving the two nude girls in darkness. Lying
beneath the now unconscious Karen, Jenna became aware of the smells in the
trunk: old oil, beer, and mildew. There were sounds of activity outside as the
others dressed. Jenna detected more smells: sweat and rancid sperm. A moment
passed, then she realized there was more: the stench of death. A deep chill
gripped her. The doors slammed and the engine started. The car clunked into gear
and began moving.

"Karen!" Jenna called out, "snap out of it! Untie me!" She tried to roll over
but the tiny space and bumpy ride made it hard to move. "C'mon, we've got to get
out of here!"

Jenna felt Karen stir and shift herself, then her mouth on covered Jenna's.
Karen kissed her ravenously, grinding her pubic mound into Jenna's bush.

Jenna fought free. "Karen!!" she shouted. Her arms embraced Jenna's torso and
Karen kissed harder. Jenna tasted the vestiges of Craig's cum and now smelled
her own musk along with wisps of exhaust fumes and dust.

Moments later, the vehicle rolled onto pavement and things grew quieter.

"Karen!" Jenna demanded once more.

"Jenna, I love you, Jenna," Karen sighed, "I've always loved you. Please, please
love me back--like we did before. Please!"

Jenna recalled the passionate times they'd shared together in their apartment,
back during their college days. They stirred her too, she found. It surfaced an
idea and Jenna suddenly began kissing back every bit as passionately and
pressing her hips into Karen's. Karen loved it. They kissed a long time, then
Karen somehow turned herself around and began eating Jenna once more. Karen
pushed her sex into Jenna's face.

Jenna let herself respond, working her tongue beneath Karen's clitoral hood,
just like she remembered she'd done when they'd made love years ago. Jenna's
nose pressed against Karen's stretched hole; she smelled Hank's jism and tasted
some that had leaked back out. She tried not to let it stop her and worked her
mouth in the way she knew would stir her friend.

Karen shuddered and began to tremble. Jenna worked harder now. Karen began
squealing in the special way Jenna knew she did as her climax drew near.

Jenna's tongue slid up round and round her clit, then down along the firm,
inch-long strip of engorged flesh beneath. She felt Karen's legs stiffen.

Karen came in a low, gasping scream and Jenna's let her tongue draw it out as
deeply and as long as she could. Karen's entire body convulsed as the orgasm
rose, peaked, then slowly faded in a series of sub-climaxes, each slightly less
intense than the last. Jenna's mouth tasted the generous gush of slippery
wetness that flowed from Karen's depths.

Jenna knew what would come next.

"Jenna," Karen moaned, "please. Please put your hands on my ass." Jenna knew
it's what her former lover craved most after she'd pleasured her.

"Untie, me," Jenna told her. "My hands are tied. I can't reach your ass. Let me
turn over and you can..."

Jenna realized Karen's body had gone limp and no longer moved. She'd drifted
back into unconsciousness. Jenna sighed and for the first time realized she'd
gotten herself excited. She began to sob silently at the irony of it. She
wondered what would become of her, why all this had happened. And what would
happen next.

She became conscious of the trunk's smells once again. Her dark-adapted eyes
surveyed her prison and could now see its dim interior illuminated by narrow
gaps in the old and bent trunk lid and the reddish glow from the taillights as
daylight shone through from outside. The odor of burning marijuana wafted
through the cramped space and Jenna sighed, feeling a tear roll down the side of
her face.

It was hot and stuffy. She couldn't move and Karen's unconscious body pressed
her against the blanket on the trunk's rippled floor. With the side of her upper
arm, she pushed away an empty beer bottle. The noise of the road droned
steadily. Jenna found herself drifting.

The first or second large bounce woke up both girls as the car left the paved
road. Jenna had no idea how long she might have been asleep. She looked around
and saw the light from the trunk lid's edges was gone now and the only glow came
from taillights. Nevertheless, the trunk was in nearly total darkness. The smell
of dust rose once again. Jenna heard Karen sneeze.

"Karen!" she called, "you awake?"

Karen's body stirred and she struggled to turn herself around. Somehow and soon,
Jenna felt Karen's face next to hers. "Where are we?" Karen asked groggily.

"We've been kidnapped!" Jenna told her, almost indignant that Karen didn't
realize it.

"How?--What?--"

"They drugged you," Jenna said, "you were out of your mind. You didn't even know
what you were doing. How did they get you?"

"I don't know," Karen told her, sounding totally confused. "I went to breakfast
at Dewey's like always--on my way to work. Gloria was there with these other
guys. We talked a long time. She heard about you and Robert moving in together.

"Anyway, when I left, my car had a flat tire. The guys with Gloria told me
they'd help change it. I remember watching them work. I felt funny--sleepy."

"They must have slipped it into your coffee," Jenna told her, "What about
Gloria?  Where was she?"

"She was with them--I think--or maybe she left. I don't remember. I don't
remember."

Jenna thought about Gloria. All three of them had lived together back in school,
then stayed in close touch afterwards. Karen and Gloria had drifted apart
slowly, clashing now and then over a series of boyfriends--that was one of
Gloria's problems: trying to hijack relationships. She'd even pushed herself
into a fleeting affair with Robert. But regardless, Jenna had stayed close.
They'd even had been lovers for a time.

Gloria, Karen, and Jenna still got together once in awhile and Jenna wondered if
somehow the three had been stalked.

A few moments had passed when Karen's voice continued. "Where are we now?" she
demanded.

"We're in the trunk of a car--probably those guys from Dewey's! What kind of car
did they have? Was it a jalopy?"

"Yeah, an old junker. I--Jenna!! I'm naked!" Karen nearly screamed the words; it
was the first time she realized it.

"So am I. Karen, they raped us--both of us. They took pictures of it. I think
they're taking us somewhere to do it some more."

Karen began crying. Apparently, her body began to let her feel its soreness. Her
hands felt Jenna's arms. "Please hold me, Jen."

"I can't, my hands are tied behind me. C'mon, I'll roll over, you can untie
them. I wonder what happened to Gloria? Do you think they got her too?"

The two struggled to maneuver themselves. The odor of marijuana filled the trunk
again. The car slowed on the dirt road, stopped, then rolled again. The new road
was much rougher.

Several minutes passed. "How are you doing?" Jenna asked.

"The knot's tight; I can't see anything," Karen complained, "We're bouncing too
much. Hang on."

"I think I've got an end loose!" Karen announced proudly. The car stopped and
the engine shut off. The lights went out and the trunk was totally black.

Doors opened, then closed. Male voices could be heard talking and growing more
distant.

"I think they're gone," Jenna whispered, "hurry up! Maybe we can get out of here
before they come back!" She felt Karen's fingers working harder.

Foot steps returned and Karen froze. The car door opened and someone rooted
around inside. More foot steps. A key slid into the trunk lock and it nearly
exploded open. Cool air rushed in. Hank and Craig stood looking at them.

Without speaking, Hank reached down and grabbed Karen by the arms and lifted her
out. He slung her over his shoulder and stood back while Craig pulled Jenna up
and lifted her onto the ground. Craig pushed Jenna toward a small, lit building
about fifty yards away and Hank followed, still carrying Karen like a sack of
potatoes.

Despite the darkness, Jenna could see they were in the mountains. There were big
trees all around, it was cool, and her bare feet sensed she walked on soft dirt.
Parked outside what now appeared to be a shack of some kind were two cars--one
was Robert's! Her heart lept.

Craig nudged her up the two steps to the shack's small porch and into the open
door way. Illuminated by a kerosene lantern inside was some sparse furniture,
including a bed. Sitting on it was Gloria, nude, gagged, and with her hands tied
behind her. Jules sat in an old, worn-out overstuffed chair.

Craig and Hank deposited the two girls onto the dirty oval carpet on the

floor. They struggled and sat up.

"Well, here we all are," Jules said proudly, "the three stars of our next film
epic."

Jenna looked wide-eyed at Gloria. She realized this had to be some kind of
stalking plot.

"What do you want with us?!" Jenna cried.

"Like I told you, we're making a movie and taking a few pictures," Jules said,
trying to sound innocent. "People pay good money to watch women get tied up and
raped."

"Look," Jenna began, pretending she hadn't heard what Jules just said, "we won't
tell anyone if you just let us go. Just let me know what happened to Robert.
Tell me where he is. We'll all get into his car and leave and we'll never--"

Jules rose and took the two steps to stand over Jenna. "I didn't finish. That
isn't all this movie's about."

Jenna was afraid to respond.

Jules continued. "People will pay even more money to watch those same women
beaten around a little." He knelt and took Jenna's chin in his hand. He looked
into her eyes. "Maybe tortured."

The sound of a smack filled the room. Jenna turned around to see that Craig had
kicked Karen in the side and she'd fallen over, gasping.

Jules pulled her head back to face him. "Maybe tortured--to death." Craig kicked
Karen again. "Good money in that." He picked her up by the throat and pushed her
over to Gloria, kneeling her between the girl's legs. He shoved her head into
Gloria's crotch.

Trembling wildly, Jenna began to lick and Gloria's legs opened wide.

"That's nice," Jules soothed, "I have three close friends, all together now. To
spend a final night together. Kind of like a slumber party." Hank and Craig
chuckled.

With her hair, Jules pulled Jenna's head from Gloria.

"That's right, my little cunt, we just might torture and fuck you and kill all
of you. Know what it's like to be tortured and fucked to death?" He lifted her
up, still holding her by the hair. He kissed her viciously and knelt her before
him.

"Well, we do," he said, nodding to Hank and Craig. "We've been doing it for
years."

"You'll never get away with it!" Jenna screamed, "They'll find you! You can't
--"

He kneed her in the stomach and she flew backward, hitting the back of her head
on the edge of the bed. "Honey, people disappear all the time an' most of 'em
never get missed. They might look for 'em for awhile but lots more keep
disappearing. Take it from someone who knows. Happens every day." He smiled.

"Get a start on that one," Jules told Hank and Chris, nodding to Karen, "and no
sense holding back. Just get some good shots while she's still fresh."

Hank grabbed Karen by the hair and put a loop of rope around her neck. He pulled
her to her feet and dragged her, choking, out the door. Craig followed.

"She's dead," Jules announced confidently. "By morning, you won't even recognize
her."

Jenna's heart stopped and her mind exploded. The words seemed to come as distant
echoes.

"Now you," he said, finish up eating your girlfriend. He pushed Jenna toward
Gloria with his foot.

Jenna resumed her task, tasting new wetness from Gloria's sex. The two women's
eyes met and Gloria looked back with a strange expression of fear and
excitement. Jenna tasted more of Gloria's juices flowing. Gloria worked herself
forward on the bed so she could lie flat. Beneath her gag, Gloria began to moan
and breathe harder.

Jenna heard activity behind her. After a moment, a flash gun flooded the room
along with the metallic click of a shutter. From the corner of her eye, Jenna
could see Jules had undressed and stood stroking himself. Meanwhile, Gloria
moaned more deeply.

Jules put down his camera and tied Jenna's ankles together. After she was
secured, he pulled her from Gloria's cunt and rammed his cock into her throat.
Jenna gagged and her body convulsed. She would have thrown up but, after the
long ride, her belly was empty.

Jules fucked her throat without concern, pleasing only himself with the
sensation of her flesh being violated. "Get used to it," he told her, "this is
what it'll be for the rest of your life."

He pulled out of her and threw her sideways onto the floor. He took his hard,
saliva slickened cock and slid into Gloria, fucking every bit as viciously as he
had moments ago. He grabbed her hips and lifted them up so he could penetrate
further. She began moaning again and he fucked faster, now kneading her breasts.

Gloria came with a buck of her hips, then another, then a third. Jules continued
fucking, working her climax higher, moving savagely. All of a sudden, he pulled
out and stood back panting. He'd reached his brink.

He grabbed Jenna by the hair again and knelt her so she could face Gloria.

Gloria recovered a moment, then sat up. She pulled her hands from behind her
back and untied her gag. Jenna watched wide-eyed as she rose and walked to her.

"Gloria--" Jenna began as Gloria kicked her in the stomach. Jenna writhed on the
floor gasping for breath.

"Bitch cunt!" Gloria shouted. "Did you enjoy stealing my Robert?" She kicked her
in the side. "Did you enjoy fucking him? Making love to him?" Another kick.
"Well, now you're going to die and I'm gonna watch every minute. I'm gonna watch
Jules and his friends torture you and your cunt friend out there. Then I'm gonna
watch you all die!

"But it's gonna be more fun than that." She pointed out into the yard in front
of the shack. Hank and Craig had started a small campfire. They'd tied the rope
around Karen's neck to a stake nearby. Gagged and with her hands tied behind her
back, she ran around it on a ten-foot tether vainly trying to escape Craig
poking her with a burning stick and Hank with a four-foot carriage whip.

Jules picked up Jenna by the hair and threw her into the overstuffed chair. She
landed hard on her arms and wrists tied behind her. Jules walked to the door.
"Hank," he called, "it's time for the other one."

Gloria walked back to the bed and sat down. Putting her hands behind her again,
she got comfortable and laid down.

Jenna was just able to talk again. "Gloria, please don't do this! Please!! You
know I never stole Robert. I'd never do that! Why do you want to--?"

"I don't care about Robert anymore," Gloria said bitterly. She looked at Jules
and smiled lovingly. "See, Jules and I have found each other now."

Jules smiled back. "We met doing business together. He told me about this little
sideline and how much money we could make with it. And how much fun it could be.
So far, it's great.

"But we thought about someone to start with and I thought of you and Karen--
and, of course, Robert."

"See, it's going to be lots more than just bringing you up here and enjoying all
the fun of fucking and torturing you and killing you. We also get to have more
fun. But you'll see what I mean."

Jenna was sobbing now. "Gloria, please!! You can't--"

Jules cut off her words with the wide strip of duct tape he pressed across her
mouth.

"This isn't just going to be some weird sex-torture-murder," Gloria continued,
"if they ever find you, it'll be clear that Robert brought you two up here to
rape and torture and murder before he killed himself.

"But I just thought it'd be nice for you to see your man make love to the woman
you took him away from. And the woman who's going to kill him."

Jenna struggled and screamed into her gag.

Outside, a trunk slammed, then footsteps shuffled up the short stairs. Robert
stepped through the door, his hands tied behind his back and he was gagged. Hank
held him. Robert's eyes widened as he saw Jenna naked in the chair and Gloria
lying on the bed.

Jules had pulled out a large 9mm automatic pistol and he put it to Jenna's head.
"OK, pal," he told Robert, "Hank is going to untie your hands and take off your
gag. You're not going to say a word or make a funny move or you can watch me
show you what the inside of your cunt's head looks like. Sound like a deal?"

Robert looked at Jenna, then at Gloria. He looked back at Jenna and nodded.

Hank released his hands, then pulled off the gag.

"As you can see, we brought your girlfriends up here and stripped them down for
you," Jules began. "We're making a little X-rated movie and your part in it is
to fuck that one first." Jules nodded to Gloria. "You've got to make it look
realistic, though, and I bet you can."

Robert looked at Gloria. She appeared terrorized but excited at the same time. 
Jenna saw his eyes sweep over her nakedness. Robert looked at Jenna.

Jenna's eyes went wild, trying to warn him. She tried to speak through the tape
and Jules gave her head a painful tap with the side of the gun. Robert's eyes
softened and told her to be quiet.

"Don't worry about your honey, here, she's in the movie too," Jules joked.

"Now," Jules continued, "I want you to get just as naked as I am. Go on, right
now, take it off--everything. Put your clothes in that bag." Jules nodded to a
burlap sack on the floor.

Robert began unbuttoning his shirt while Craig came in with the camcorder and
tripod. He set it up so it would capture Robert and Gloria on the bed and Jenna
watching from the chair.

Robert slid off his shorts and stood naked. Obviously frightened, he struggled
with his limp cock, stroking it in a vain attempt to get hard.

"Don't worry about it," Jules prodded, "just lay on top of her and kiss her
awhile, maybe let her suck you hard. You'd be amazed how easy it is. Go on, get
started."

Robert looked a final time to Jenna whose eyes still warned. He looked at Gloria
and approached the bed. He laid on top of her and began kissing. She responded
almost ferally.

"We gave 'er a little sumpthin' to get 'er excited," Jules told him. "Go ahead,
enjoy yourself. Pretend we're not here."

Craig had already started the camera and everyone remained silent. Gloria
squirmed beneath Robert's body, pressing her vulva up against his cock, kissing
and nibbling his lips, face and neck. After a moment, he began breathing more
deeply and Jenna could see he was getting hard. His hand reached down to her
cunt and found it dripping wet. He spread some of the juice onto his half-hard
member and stroked it harder. All at once, he slid inside and Gloria moaned,
pressing her hips up to envelop him.

Her body seemed to draw him inside. Beneath him, she worked her hips hard and in
delicious patterns, dominating, extracting his loins' energies. Robert reacted
by fucking her deeply, in long strokes, keeping up as he could. He rose from her
torso to support his body with his arms. She reached up and pinched his nipples
with her long fingernails. Jenna could see his buttocks flex and his toes point.
His strokes quickened.

He responded by pinching her nipples and kneading her breasts. She began moaning
more loudly now and working her hips in unison with his. His breaths came very
fast now and Jenna could tell he was at his gate.

Robert gasped. In a wild series of spasms, he filled her belly with his sperm as
she moved her hips to draw everything he had. Lost in it, he leaned over and
kissed Gloria again, deep and wildly. After a moment, they lay unmoving, still
lost in one another's mouths.

Without pulling Robert away, Hank stepped up and tied Robert's hands behind him
again. Hank put his hand on Robert's buttocks and pushed in a rhythm that
mimicked fucking movements, then lifted him away. He brought him over to the
door and sat him down.

Gloria sat up slowly and brought her hands out from behind her body. Robert's
eyes grew to saucer size. She smiled at him and rose to walk across the room to
Jules. She embraced him and they kissed as she pressed her hips to his cock. Her
hand reached down and stroked him; in seconds, he was hard as a rock.

Together they walked to the bed and he laid down on top of her, sliding inside
easily on the slickness of her juices and Robert's cum. Gloria worked her hips
even more fiercely than she had with Robert. In moments, it was obvious Jules
was about to come.

He slid out and stood up. The tape still rolled as he walked back to Jenna and
picked her up by the upper arms. Everyone in the room could smell the mixture of
musk and cum and Jules' cock glistened soaking and slippery in the kerosene lamp
light.

Jules turned Jenna around and laid her face down over the back of the huge
overstuffed chair and picked up an old jar of Vaseline.

"NO goddamnit!" Robert yelled and Hank kneed him in the side of the head.

Jules smeared some on Jenna's asshole and pressed his cockhead onto it. She
gasped, then screamed into the tape across her mouth as his dick spread her tiny
hole. He paused a moment to let her body greet its new invader, then pushed all
the way in.

"Mmm, tight," he cooed as his hips bounced in tiny jiggles to open her further.
"Don't think you've been fucked this way too much--maybe not at all. Like
getting your ass reamed? I mean, it is your boyfriend's cum all over me." His
pounding intensified. "Ooh, better now, you're opening up. Gonna be nice. Whole
new world, isn't it?"

Jules fucked faster and deeper while Craig zoomed in with the camcorder to catch
a close-up of the cock sliding into and out of her hole. Jules slapped the sides
of Jenna's buttocks, then grabbed the wings of her pelvis to pull her hard onto
him.

"You got a nice ass, honey; I like fucking it! Liked fucking your cunt too.
You're just an all-round good fuck-toy, my bitch. Mmm!" Jules rammed faster and
deeper. "Got all night to fuck you now. All the time in the world. But you ain't
never gonna be this good again.

"Get him outta here," Jules told Hank as he continued reaming Jenna. "Have fun
with him but don't fuck him up too badly. We're gonna need him in the morning."

Hank pulled Robert to his feet.

"Let us go, you sick fuck!" he shouted. "Gloria! Stop this, goddamnit!" Hank
pulled him toward the door. "Gloria!!"

"Get him outta here, Hank!" Gloria commanded, "I wanna play with him outside
later."

Hank jerked Robert into the darkness.

Craig had opened his camera's shot to get a view of Jenna's bound ankles and
pointed toes as Jules stood behind her fucking.

"Ooo, getting close now," Jules told her, "gonna shoot my cum inside your belly.
Think about that: strange man's cum inside your ass. Just the first. Gonna be
more and more. Nuthin' to us but meat to play with 'n fuck now.

Think about that. Make it easier if you do."

Jules' strokes grew long as his climax neared. He pulled almost all the way out
with each to let the tightness of her sphincter grip his cockhead and heighten
his sensations. "Mmm," he moaned, looking down at her ass and body below him.
"Aahh," Jules sighed as his sperm splashed into her bowel. Craig zoomed into
Jenna's face to capture its terrified expression, then to Jules' to catch his
satisfied smile.

He pulled clear of her and stepped around to the front of the chair. "Enjoy
that?" he asked wickedly while wiping himself clean with a handful of her long
hair. "It just gets better from here on." He rolled her onto the floor; she
landed hard and rolled onto her side. She curled up, aching and breathing hard.

Craig shut off the camera. "Whatta you want to do with this one?" he asked.

"Whatever you want," Jules told him, "just don't tear her up so she dies too
soon. I'm sure Gloria wants to play with her awhile too."

Jenna sobbed softly, listening to their words. She felt fingers on her cheek and
her eyes saw Gloria's bare feet next to her. Gloria peeled away the tape on
Jenna's mouth and rolled her onto her back with her foot.

"Clean me up," she told Jenna, squatting on top of her face with her spread
cunt. It smelled of sperm and musk. Jenna began licking and eating. "Don't try
anything, either," Gloria warned, "or I'll hurt you in ways you don't even know.
Just enjoy the taste of the man you stole and know that you'll see him die
before you do."

Jenna's mind exploded and her teeth lashed out, grabbing one of Gloria's labia
and trying to rip it off. Gloria shrieked and drove her fist into Jenna's
stomach.

"Bitch!!" she screamed as she jumped up. Gloria kicked Jenna's face again and
again.

Jules jumped over and grabbed Gloria. "Hey!" he told her, "you can't tell 'em
stuff like that right away! You make 'em give up and they don't care what you
do. You can spoil the whole thing!"

They sat on the bed and Gloria inspected herself. "It's OK," he soothed, "you'll
get the hang of it." He kissed her on the cheek and she smiled.

Craig had replaced the tape across Jenna's mouth and now worked on her as she
lay on the floor. He'd tied her wrists in front of her and was wrapping multiple
turns of rope around her arms. "Gimme a hand with this one?" he asked Jules,
nodding to the coil of rope he'd dropped at her feet.

Jules knelt down and lifted her bound ankles onto his shoulder. He began tying
her legs together just above the knees, making several wraps, then down to her
ankles for several more. The two stood her up and Jules held her while Craig
tied another turn or two around her waist.

"Whattaya want to do with her?" Jules asked, watching Craig take a length of
rope and tie it from the rope crossing her navel and running it through her
crotch. He spread her labia and slipped it between.

"Let's take 'er outside. The other one's cunt really hasn't been fucked yet." He
pulled the crotch rope tight and Jenna gasped as her clit felt the harsh, thick
hemp crush into it.

On their shoulders, the two carried her like a log out the door. A huge granite
boulder stood near the fire and they stood her so she leaned back against it.
The stone's rough texture pressed hard into the tender skin of her back and
buttocks; her soft bottoms of her bare feet bore her weight by arching over the
curved edge of another large stone fragment, curling her petite toes downward.
The rocks, still warm from the day's sun, felt welcoming to her nakedness.

Tied so tightly, her limbs seemed rigid and supported her. Jenna found herself
wondering how she must look: she'd always known she possessed wide hips and an
ample ass. Her mind drifted to the absurd thought of being embarrassed if
someone swept in to rescue them.

A few feet away, Hank worked tying Robert face-down onto a small, rough-hewn
wooden table. He lay bent over and Hank had put a couple of flat rocks under the
table's legs so it tilted Robert's buttocks upward.

"We'll be out in a bit," Jules told him. He saw Karen collapsed in an exhausted
heap, still tethered to the stake by the rope around her neck.

Craig walked over toward her. "Gloria brought some food if you're hungry," Jules
called out as he turned to go back into the shack.

Jules' words reminded Jenna for the first time she was starved. Her body ached,
the ropes hurt, and she craved water. She also had to pee. Panic rose and she
struggled vainly against the immovable bonds. All she could do was stand
there--no telling what might happen if she fell over.

She watched Craig fetch Karen. He cut her hands loose and nearly dragged her
back to the fire. Next to the table, stood a large tree-stump perhaps three feet
in diameter and almost as high. Craig dropped Karen onto it face-up. She moaned
in pain as she lay there. Jenna could see whip marks and burns over her belly
and flanks. He pulled the gag from her mouth. "Might as well let you breathe for
now," he said, pulling off his shirt.

He dipped an old styrofoam cup into one of several buckets and put it to her
lips. Karen greedily drank the water, consuming the first cup and three more.
"Wouldn't want that cunt of yours to dry out, would we?" he said, smiling.

He stepped out of his pants and played with his half-hard cock. With his other
hand, he grabbed her nipple and pinched it violently. Her body arched. "Yeah,"
he said, "we haven't even explored these yet, have we?" He slapped her breasts
back and forth, watching the skin redden and sampling the hardening buds with
his fingertips.

He pushed her back down onto the stump and pulled her body toward him so her
head hung back over the stump's edge. He slid his lengthening member into her
throat. He pushed it all the way home, letting its slender, tapering shaft slip
down her gullet. Craig stood fucking her that way a moment, then pulled out.
"Nice," he remarked, "but we'll have plenty of time." He knelt and attached a
short length of rope to a nail pounded into the stump next to her neck. He
stretched the rope across her throat and tied it to another on the other side,
holding her head bent back.

Craig tossed ropes over the horizontal tree branch above her feet and tied her
ankles to them. It lifted her feet high and he pulled harder to elevate her
hips. The tension pulled her neck tightly against the rope across it. To finish
his task, he tied loops of rope around each of her wrists and pounded nails into
the sides of the stump to serve as anchors. He took a position standing between
her wide spread legs and smiled that the height was just perfect.

Hank had already finished working on Robert and stood stroking himself while
lubing Robert's ass. He saw Craig getting ready and handed him the jar of
Vaseline. Craig took it and prepared Karen's hole while Robert gasped at Hank's
massive entry.

Craig decided to take the cunt first and pressed himself inside, pulling out a
moment to spread the remaining lube from his fingers onto his shaft. Looking at
each other, Hank and Craig began to fuck in unison. Hank took a bottle of
poppers, opened it, and took several deep hits. He passed it to Chris who did
the same. Both men shuddered as the powerful vapors hit them and began fucking
faster.

They worked together, establishing a rhythm: one, two; one, two; one, two; one,
two, three--four, one, two, three--four; one, two. The pace quickened but the
rhythm remained. Now they made nearly two strokes a second. They looked at one
another again and smiled, satisfied--as if they'd come home again to something
they shared on a very deep level.

Robert started gasping intermittently as his body began reaching its tolerance
for punishment. Meanwhile, Karen laid quietly, taking the deep penetrations from
the long, slender cock. Robert's gasps turned to a vocalized "UH!" with each
stroke now and Hank continued. Together, the two stepped up the pace.

Robert began screaming with each stroke and the screams grew increasingly
deeper. Jenna shuddered and sobbed at the cruelty she witnessed. But deep
inside, she sensed the same excitement she'd felt earlier; the cunt rope chafed
and almost felt good. She fought the feeling, yet almost found herself longing
to be fucked like Karen.

Robert now shrieked with every pounding plunge of Hank's cock. Suddenly, Hank
stopped and pulled clear completely. Robert screamed a few seconds longer and
grew silent. Craig pulled out of Karen and stepped away. Hank

stood between her legs and slowly, but steadily, pressed his cockhead into her
bowel. She gasped but Craig's long cock slid into her mouth and down her throat.

Together, the two men began to fuck--now from either end. Soon, they'd
established their rhythm once again. Jenna could see Karen's body and breasts
bouncing with every impact. Once more, they shared deep hits of poppers and
began moving more quickly.

Minutes passed and the two kept up their pace like seasoned joggers. Jenna could
see the sweat running down their faces and torsos. Finally, they stopped and
Craig pulled out of Karen's throat. Jenna watched her body gasp, struggling to
breathe while it could.

Meanwhile, Craig walked back to Robert and slid himself inside in a single
thrust. Robert gasped and whimpered as the smaller, but longer cock began taking
him. Soon he returned to his "UH!" response with every stroke and Craig began
swirling his hips with each.

Robert began crying and laughing simultaneously; his mind had moved into another
world and Craig continued driving him further. Soon, Robert began shrieking once
again and the shrieks grew utterly mindless. All at once, he screamed louder
than he ever had and lost consciousness.

Craig continued a moment until he saw his quarry had gone completely limp, then
stopped. Jenna sighed with relief.

He stepped back in front of Karen's face and slid his long, hard cock into her
throat once again. He began kneading and squeezing her breasts as he fucked. He
nodded to Hank who stepped back and pulled something out of a bag.

Working together, they fitted C-clamps onto flat, narrow boards that formed a
tit press. Once both tits had been trapped that way, Hank slid back into

Karen's ass and began to fuck as both men tightened the clamps. Jenna watched
Karen's back arch and her body convulse as the torture intensified. Finally, she
too lost consciousness. Both her medium-sized breasts had been compressed to
less than an inch thickness at their base and the bulbous masses emerging from
the front of the press' boards were dark red and horribly stretched.

The two backed away and Craig shot some 35mm pictures with the flash.

"Pretty nice," Jules remarked. Craig turned to see he and Gloria had been
watching for the last few minutes.

Jules walked between Karen's legs and slid his cock inside. "Not too bad," he
said, smiling. He worked his cock a little in the unconscious girl's cooze and,
all of a sudden, she began to pee, flooding his crotch. "Hey!" he laughed,
"looks like we got an incontinence problem here." The smell was everywhere and
all but Gloria laughed. Hank picked up one of the buckets and poured it over
Jules' and Karen's bonded crotches. A rivulet ran down her body and awoke her.
She moaned and rolled her head from side to side.

Gloria took that cue to come down on Karen's crushed breasts with the buggy
whip. The two leather flaps at its end slapped the tortured skin hard and Karen
gasped. Gloria continued, slapping the nipples and all around the breasts,
leaving deepening red marks. She worked her way down Karen's belly to her labia,
letting the flaps wrap around them and sting the tender tissues beneath. But
Karen was nearly beyond pain now.

Apparently, not satisfied with Karen's non-response, she moved to Robert,
hitting him hard on the buttocks and back. Still unconscious, he didn't move and
Gloria hit him harder.

Jules snatched away the whip. "Don't waste your energy," he told her, "they've
gotta be awake."

"Here," Craig offered, loosening the rope holding one of Karen's ankles, "we'll
take her over to the tree for you." He loosened the other rope and her legs
fell, limp and numb, to the ground.

Hank held Karen's ankles together while Craig tied her legs with many turns of
rope both at the ankles and above the knee. Just like he'd done with Jenna,
Craig installed a cunt rope and pulled it tight while Hank held her. They
released her hands and neck, then carried her to the tree. Craig tossed a rope
over a large horizontal branch and they suspended her upside down so her head
hung three feet above the ground. They ran even more turns of rope around her,
holding her arms to her sides but still allowing the tit presses freedom to be
manipulated.

Craig put her gag back into place and swung her. Jules handed Gloria the buggy
whip and she began flailing at the moving target, now concentrating on the
well-formed and only slightly marked ass as it spun around.

Craig, Jules, and Hank returned to the stump and eyed Jenna. Her eyes widened
and her heart froze.

They picked her up and laid her across the stump. Craig began releasing the
ropes tying her legs together.

Jules looked at Robert, still passed out on the table. "Why don't you put him
away," he suggested to Hank, "he's pretty much done for the night, anyway. We
can concentrate on this one now."

Hank shrugged and smiled. He cut the ropes holding Robert and hefted him over
his shoulder. He carried him back to the trunk of his car and dropped him into
it. He slammed the lid and checked it.

Looking at her thoughtfully, Craig freed Jenna's legs. He lifted her up and led
her to the clearing's edge. "Pee?" he asked. She nodded and he let her squat.

When he brought her back, the other two men waited. Jules had lit a large joint
and handed it to Craig who took a deep hit and passed it on. He thought a moment
and pulled away the tape from Jenna's mouth. He retrieved the number and held it
to her lips.

"No reason you shouldn't enjoy yourself a little too," he said, his voice
sounding philosophical, "this time tomorrow..." He turned toward the tree where
they'd hung Karen. Gloria still viciously whipped the poor girl. "

...You're not gonna care about anything. But we'll give you a good time," he
told her, smiling. He seemed caring and almost friendly.

"Yeah, it's nothing personal," Jules added, almost apologetically, "it's
something we do--and we like it. We're good at it."

Jenna tried to talk but her voice came out hoarse. She struggled a moment and it
came, "You mean you do this--torture and kill people--for a living?"

The three laughed. "No," Jules told her, "we sell dope. Not much money in this,
even if you do sell the pictures. It's a hobby. Been cunt-huntin' for years. 
Lots easier to get away with than pushin' dope." Craig put the joint to her lips
again and she puffed deeply.

"You're gonna die, Jessie--" Jules told her.

"Jenna!" she corrected, tears gushing at his words, "please--" She could tell
Jules felt bad about the insensitivity of his gaffe.

"Jenna." he said. "But if you let yourself go, give yourself to it--you'll make
it lots easier on yourself. We've seen it before. Lots. There's nuthin' to
dyin,' take it from me. But you can make it pleasurable."

"That's easy for you to say!" she sobbed, "How can you just kill innocent people
like you do! How can you--?"

He slapped her. Hard. "You got nuthin' to say about it, understand?! You got no
choice. You're dead, your boyfriend's dead, your girlfriend's dead. They don't
know better but you do. If you're smart, you'll make the most of it.

"Please us. Give yourself to us. It'll go easier. Lots easier.

"Shit," Jules sighed, making her take another hit, then another, "if we had more
time to take with you, we'd show you how good it can be." He looked

down at her body. "You got a nice cunt--and a nice ass. Good fuckin.' We could
take three, four days. Once you let go, nuthin' hurts anymore. By the end, you
just drift into ecstasy." He glanced to Gloria, still whipping Karen and showing
her fatigue. "Whatta waste sometimes."

"Ya know, Jules," Craig suggested, poking Jenna's flank with his finger and
sampling the firmness of her buttock with his hand, "this one's body's just
about ideal. We could just toss her in the car and finish these other two. If
you like fuckin' 'er so much, let's take her out to The Spot 'n have a nice
week. We could cook 'er up after--like that one we got off the bicycle. I mean,
just us." He half-frowned and nodded toward Gloria.

"Hank and I could hit a bar or two and get a couple more to keep us happy."
Craig's voice glowed with genuine desire, as if he and Hank might not be totally
comfortable with Gloria's new role, as if he longed for things to return to some
former, better, time.

Jules slowly turned and regarded Jenna with completely different eyes. He felt
her side and fingered her breast. He slid his hand down her side, sampling the
flesh at the side of her torso. He poked her flank, testing its firmness.

"Can't hurt to think about it," Craig continued, voice hopeful.

Jenna began feeling the dope and, with it, the cunt rope. Instead of hurting, it
pleasured now and, in her upset, she found herself letting it stir her, excite
her. Her mind wandered. She glanced down at the three cocks before her and
imagined them taking her as they had Karen. She began trembling and felt a
trickle of her own juices inside.

Jules took three half-liter bottles of cold beer from a bag he'd brought and
passed them around. She watched them open them and take a draught. Her thirst
drove her insane and she fixed her eyes on the drops of condensate on the
outside of the brown bottles.

Craig put a bottle to her lips. She drank greedily, taking all he'd give her.
Then Hank gave her some of his, smiling, and trying to say "nothing personal"
with his eyes.

Finally, Jules shared his. He took a look at Gloria and sighed. He looked back
at them, then Jenna. "I'm sorry," he said and put the tape back across her
mouth. "Remember what I told you about giving yourself. Remember." He turned
away, toward Gloria.

"OK," Craig told her. His voice rang with mild disappointment and a tiny bit of
hostility, "it's time." He nodded to the stump. We can drag you over there or
you can walk to it on your own. You decide."

Jenna looked at it a long time, then Craig and Hank. Slowly, she moved to it,
sat on it's edge, and laid down.

Without speaking, Hank and Craig began preparing her.

Soon, she lay just as had Karen. The dope had really begun working on her and
she gasped as Craig's long, slender cock slid into her belly. He found her cunt
wet and ready and began fucking right away. Suddenly, Jules' cock appeared at
her mouth and drove deep into her throat. Together the men fucked, setting up
their rhythm.

With her head bent back, Jules' throat-fucking cock seemed to disappear,
becoming part of her. Meanwhile, inside his rhythm, Craig had picked up a
pattern: the first strokes would swirl his cock's tiny head around her cervix's
conical base and, with the next several, he'd somehow found a way to penetrate
its mouth directly, plunging deep.

The energy was incredible. Each invasion brought a shock wave of delight that
quaked her very soul. Soon even the swirling strokes added to the ecstasy. All
at once, she found herself at her gate.

Nothing existed now save the sexual energy driving deep into her. It drove her
higher, closer. Her mind flowed and floated free. Something deep inside unlocked
and surged upward, pressing against an unseen barrier, weakened with every
thrust. As it pressed, the energy, the forces increased. She began to tremble
and felt her body stiffen. The cock diving inside her cervix took her closer,
closer.

No more holding back. She felt herself fly beyond her gate. Ecstasy. Ecstasy.
Explosion!

Jenna's mind soared into distant space, shedding body, feeling, sound, and
sense. The taking continued and she rode the energy. Drifting higher, mind gone,
pounded to tiny shards by a double-ended hammer. All concept of time vanished;
Jenna had no idea how long they took her--how long she floated. She'd entered
another universe.

Her only coherent thoughts brought images of hands grabbing her breasts and
stretching them out while ropes were wrapped tightly around their bases. The
intense odor of poppers filled her nose and she launched again, watching giddily
as huge metal clips were fitted onto her nipples and her mind detonated into the
white-hot world of pleasure-passion-pain.

The fucking resumed, this time a new cock pressed into her ass. Now all three
holes filled, Jenna felt herself floating away once again. She heard screams and
more screams. Hers? She didn't know. Fingers toyed with the clips on her tits.
She felt the delicious razor tickle of lash upon her flesh. All she knew was her
body had never been so completely open, so completely alive.

Cocks changed from place to place. She felt Craig deep down her throat, then
inside her bowel, then Hank, then Jules again. She saw the ropes binding her
breasts suspending her from above and felt the intensity of sensation as she
hung there while being fucked in both holes from below while teeth nibbled and
bit hard on her toes. The only feeling she really remembered was Curtis' slender
cockhead spewing its load while buried inside her cervix and how her body
shuddered with the sudden gush so deep within.

Jenna drifted away on a soft, silent cloud. She awoke to a feeling of inner
warmth which she embraced and pursued as consciousness returned and made it
impossible to hold. She saw she'd been tied to a tree--bonded to it with many
wraps of rope just like down at the river. But now she felt something huge
inside her, huge and heavy.

Still woozy, she couldn't discern whether it was in her cunt or her ass. She
looked down and saw a large black iron plate between her widespread legs. It
faced the fire built only a few feet away. It must have been late, she figured,
since the air was crisp and cold. But the fire felt good and the heat inside her
better.

A scream shattered the silence. For the first time, Jenna looked up to see Karen
hanging by her breasts. Jules stood behind her, fucking her ass while Gloria
pressed a long needle through her nipple to join several others still stuck into
and through the tender tissue. Several more pierced the lobes of her breasts,
darkly discolored and impossibly compressed by the strangulating ropes now
suspending them from the branch overhead.

Marks, bruises, and deep purple welts covered Karen's nakedness. Red and purple
rope burns ringed her wrists and ankles and numerous brown spots from the touch
of fiery sticks decorated her tortured flesh. Blood ran down her thighs and from
teeth marks here and there on different parts of her body. Craig stood next to
her, playing a short knife along her side, making slices and little wounds,
watching the blood run from them and synchronizing his attacks with Jules'
strokes into her bowel.

Karen's empty eyes saw only distance. One was blackened and she bled from her
nose and the corner of her mouth. More needles pierced her labia, holding them
wide and affixed to the punctured flesh of her thighs. Blood dripped into a
puddle between her feet from the lower end of the stick rammed into her vagina.
Back at her breast, Gloria drove home another needle and Karen didn't react.

"We've lost her for now," Jules remarked, pulling out. He stepped around and
slapped her face to confirm his observation. No response. "It's getting near
dawn anyway," he said, looking at the sky. "Let's take them below and finish
this so we can get breakfast on the way home." Craig yawned and nodded in
agreement.

"Hey, look who's awake," Hank said, pointing to Jenna. He picked up a jagged
stick about two inches in diameter. "Her cunt's still good." He walked toward
her.

"No," Jules said, "That's too nice a cunt to fuck up. I think I want her one
more time. I'll take her in the shack." Gloria glared at him and he pretended
not to see it. "Why don't you guys help me with her and get the other two
ready?"

Jules walked over to Jenna and grabbed the rod attached to the plate between her
legs. He pulled it gently and she felt motion from a hugeness inside her. Her
eyes grew to saucer size as she saw the three-inch diameter cast iron dildo
emerge from her. It was curved and more than a foot long. "Great cooking tool,"
he remarked to her, works from the inside out. Too bad we don't have more time."

Jules and Craig worked on removing the ropes holding Jenna to the tree. More
unconscious screams pierced the predawn darkness as Hank pulled the needles from
Karen's breasts. He released the ropes hanging her and Karen collapsed into a
pile on the ground.

Jenna felt herself free but her legs wouldn't work. She fell forward toward the
fire and couldn't stop herself. She screamed but it only came out as a hoarse
hiss. Craig caught her and tossed her into Jules' arms.

The sky to the east had begun brightening and Jenna shivered with the air's
definite chill. Her mind let her for the first time recognize the reality of
what was about to happen and she found herself desperately wanting to live.

Hank had walked to the car and come back with something. It was another rope but
this one had a hangman's noose at its end. He let its harsh hemp brush the side
of his stiffening cock as he walked. He tossed it onto Karen's belly as she lay
there. Slowly, blankly, her eyes strained to move down to it.

"C'mon, honey," he told her, "just one more fun thing to do now."

He put the noose around her neck and picked her up, slinging her effortlessly
over his shoulder and sticking his arm through the rope's coiled length. He
walked away with her into the dimness.

Craig saw Jules had Jenna taken care of. "I'll go get the other one. Want me to
do anything special with him?"

"Put him on the bed and gag him. Let's let Gloria play with him while I fuck
this one. You and Hank can finish the other one inside. Let's try to get out of
here in about an hour."

Jenna's heart sank. She only had an hour to live! And these people looked at the
whole thing like it happened all the time! She began to cry.

Jules walked her toward the shed. The air felt colder yet as they left the fire.
But it felt exhilarating. She wanted to see the sun rise, to feel its heat, to
live! "Please don't do this," she begged, her voice only a whisper, "Please let
us go! We won't tell!"

"Look, it's nothing personal, Jessie" he told her, "we've gotta do what we've
gotta do. Gloria set this up and we're gonna finish it. Maybe if we met in some
other way, we'd have gotten along real well--I mean, I like you.

"But after what we've done, there's no way you'd all keep quiet. We've gotta
finish it and that's it. Sorry."

Jenna sobbed to herself. He was going to kill her and he didn't even know her
name!

They shuffled up the two steps into the shack and he laid her on the floor.

He didn't speak or look into her eyes as he pulled off a new length of tape and
stretched it across her mouth. He rolled her over and tied her hands behind her,
then rolled her back over again.

Taking a length of rope, Jules tied a large loop in the end and put it around
Jenna's neck. He crossed her ankles and tied them together with the other end,
pulling the rope tight, holding her legs above her torso so her underside would
be wide open.

Footsteps sounded behind him and Jules turned to see Craig leading Robert up the
steps by a rope around his neck. His mouth was taped and his hands still tied
behind him. He walked stiffly after being intensely fucked then locked in his
car's trunk all night. Gloria followed, looking a little upset. Robert saw Jenna
trussed up on the floor and his eyes grew wide. Hers sent love and assurance but
she couldn't conceal her own terror. He tried to return his own love but Craig
laid him down and they could no longer see one another.

Craig tied the rope around Robert's neck to the head of the bed and tightened
it. "Feet too?" Craig asked.

"No, that should be good. We'll meet you inside in a little while."

Craig smiled and walked out. Jules took a gob of Vaseline and spread it onto his
cock. Already half-hard, he stroked himself toward full erection. Gloria stood
next to the bed and, in her hand, a bunch of needles.

"Well, we've had our fun," Jules said to Robert, "but it's almost sun up and we
need to get out of here. I think we might just let you go--all of you--if you
make us happy."

Gloria's eyes became saucers and so did Jenna's. Walking beyond the bed where
Robert couldn't see, Jules smiled and winked to Gloria. Jenna saw the treachery
and struggled to tell Robert with her eyes. But there was no way she could. She
felt sick.

"We're just gonna play with you one last time. Let's see how well you do." Jules
knelt on the bed, spread Robert's legs, and put his ankles on his shoulders. He
pressed his lubed cock against Robert's portal and pushed inside. Robert gasped.

Jules nodded to Gloria. "See," he told Robert, "it's lots easier, once you've
been opened up a little." Gloria took a needle and began pushing it through
Robert's nipple. Robert screamed into his gag and Jules began to fuck him.

"Oh yes, that's right, you're doing good," Jules reassured as he fucked harder.
Gloria took another needle.

Jenna lay on the floor listening to Robert's agony. He screamed again and again
as Jules took his hole and Gloria tormented him with the needles. "Look at
that," Jenna heard Jules say, "your dick's getting hard. You must like this.
Mmm, that makes me happy.

"But know what else'll make me happy? You watching me fuck your honey one last
time," Jules answered himself. "Then we're gonna watch you fuck her. If you do
that, we'll let you all go. Think you can do that?"

Jenna heard Robert moan his agreement.

"Good!" Jules pulled out of him and stood. His cock pounded thick and glistening
in the dim room. He rolled Robert over to where he could see Jenna on the floor.

"Now," Jules began, "here we go." He knelt next to her and picked up a pair of
rough, metal-jawed tit clamps from the floor next to the overstuffed chair.
Carefully reaching under her bent legs, he fit each to a nipple and let go.

Jenna's world exploded into exquisite pleasure-pain. She shrieked into her gag.

Using her bare feet as handles, Jules rolled her backwards and planted his
hardness to its hilt in her ass. The stretched and tortured tissue gave no
resistance and he pounded hard, feeling his sac slap her underside with every
stroke. He nearly pulled clear with every thrust, letting what little strength
remaining in her sphincter give his glans a touch of sensation. He fucked and
fucked, realizing, appreciating what a pleasurable body this one possessed.

All at once, he pulled out and rolled her onto her side. From behind, he rammed
his cock into her cunt, slamming his cockhead against its roof just behind her
pubic bone. He hammered her G-spot and Jenna became conscious of the completely
new sensation. He pounded faster, harder, letting his own surges rise. He loved
this cunt; too bad it'd soon be gone.

Jenna began deep, gasping groans as this amazing feeling blossomed. Jules tugged
on the chain between the harsh metal nipple clips, digging them deep into the
flesh. Jenna came in a supernova explosion. Her body writhed and quaked with the
coming: the first, the second, the third, the fourth. She felt her soul let go.

She heard Jules gasp and scream as his own sperm burst forth. He thrust himself
violently, driving both of them higher, extracting the last vestiges of energy,
using the slickness of his cum to pleasure as he could.

Finally, he knelt panting. He took away her clips and listened to her scream
with the pain of release. Suddenly, Jules laughed; it seemed totally out of
place.

"Lookit this," he said, still out of breath.  He pointed to the long trail of
gooey wetness leading from her hips across the dirty carpet; the dark moisture
stood out well even in the twilight. "Looks like your honey can shoot her own
load if you do it right. I've seen 'em do it before but never this good." He
sampled some of the thick, milky substance with his finger and smelled it. He
took a taste and smiled. He took some more from the floor and wiped it below
Jenna's nose. She smelled her own musk but more strongly than ever before.

"All you've gotta do now is fuck her one more time," Jules told Robert. He took
some more of Jenna's ejaculate and put it under Robert's nose. "Just think about
it. You don't have to get her off like I did. Just get your dick inside and let
go." Robert nodded slowly. The agony from the needles through his nipples still
showed in his eyes.

"Good," Jules smiled. He released the rope holding Jenna's ankles and let her
legs straighten painfully. "We'll meet you in a minute and you can show us how
good you really are." He stood and picked up the pistol from the floor next to
the chair. He pulled Jenna onto shaky feet with the rope around her neck. She
and Robert looked at one another while Jules led her out the door.

The sun still hadn't risen but enough light came from the sky to allow Jenna to
see they'd been taken to some kind of abandoned industrial site in the
mountains. The shack must have once been an office. Jules stopped after they'd
walked about fifty yards. Holding the gun in his armpit, he untied her hands and
pulled the tape from her mouth.

He stood in front of her and looked into her eyes. "This is your last walk,
honey," he told her, "I don't like to have people all tied up for it." He let
his eyes sweep over her punished body; the marks and bruises didn't show up too
well in the brightening twilight. He sighed. "Too bad. I hate to do it so soon.
Love to take you out someplace by myself. Take four or five days. Maybe even
keep you." He seemed to grow angry at his own feelings. "Shit," he said
disgustedly. He turned and began to move. "Let's finish this so we can get outta
here." He jerked the rope around her neck.

Jenna felt numb as she walked behind him; this was all a dream and she knew
she'd wake up anytime now. Jules' slender buttocks swayed in front of her; they
seemed so perfect; surely this dream would end.

They turned a corner and, out of the trees appeared a large wooden framework,
long grayed by the years. She recognized it as the header of a mine entrance
and, as they walked, saw a dark tunnel ahead.

He stopped at the entrance and turned her around. The sun was just below the
horizon, illuminating the clouds in a brilliant display of reds, oranges, and
yellows. "Here," he told her, "take a last look. Not much time now."

"You can't!" Jenna sobbed, "they'll find us. They'll figure it out. You can't!"

Jules lit a kerosene lantern left for him by Curtis and Hank. "Nobody's comin'
here for a long time. Place's owned by foreigners. Stuck in escrow. All fenced
off. Lots of places just like this now. Every county's got a list." He adjusted
the flame. "Be a long time before anyone comes up here. By that time, won't be
much left--at least nuthin' that'll point to us.

"You're lucky," he said, trying to reassure, "lucky we're in a hurry. Sometimes
we take a real long time. This way, at least you'll know when it happens.

"Let's go," he said finally and pulled her into the darkness.

They walked about two minutes on smooth dirt left rippled by the old railroad
ties being dug out when the tracks had been removed. They came to a junction
and, from the left tunnel, heard sounds of moaning.

"C'mon," Jules prodded, tugging Jenna behind him down the side tunnel. It curved
around and opened into a large room with a massive wooden scaffolding that
framed a chute from an upper level. Beneath it, stood Curtis and Hank and,
between them, Karen. Curtis had his camcorder set up on the tripod.

They'd strung her up, hanging her by her neck in the noose. With Hank in her ass
and Curt in her cunt, her body twitched and shook as they let her suffocate.
Jenna saw the block of wood they'd stood her on, then kicked out from under her.
They'd carved the letters "RE" deeply into the flesh of her buttocks. Jenna knew
it must for "Robert Evans" as part of their plan. The thick blood oozed down her
leg and dripped from her toes as they struggled vainly for the ground. They
seemed to take great pleasure from the sensations her body produced by it's
involuntary motions on their cocks.

When they saw Jules, Hank put his arm around her waist and lifted her up. She
gasped in precious air; Curtis wiggled the noose to loosen it slightly.

"She good for another twenty, thirty minutes?" Jules asked.

"Oh yeah," Curtis told him, "take your time."

"OK, I'll take this one into the back and get the guy myself. Let me know when
you're done."

Karen's eyes opened and she saw Jenna. "Jenna!" she tried to say but only a gasp
emerged. Her mind was nearly gone.

Jenna moved to her. Tears still flooded her face. "Karen?"

"Jenna, please," she whispered weakly, "please touch my ass. Please..."

Jenna put out her hand and gently stroked the curve of her punished buttock.
Karen smiled and her eyes warmed. "I love you, Jenna. Love you."

Hank loosened his grip and Karen slid down. Her eyes grew huge as the noose
tightened. Karen's body writhed and both men moaned with the sensation.

"You fuck!" Jenna screamed and kicked Hank's leg. Jules quickly jerked her away
and pulled her back toward the tunnel. "I'll kill you, you filthy fuck! Kill
you!!" She broke into uncontrollable sobs as Jules dragged her around the
corner. He didn't speak again.

They continued down the main corridor until coming to a small side tunnel. Jules
towed her down its curving length. Sharp rocks covered the tunnel floor and
Jenna screamed as she felt one pierce her foot. She stopped and looked at the
blood running but felt Jules tug her along. "Don't worry about that now," he
prodded, "keep moving. Almost there."

About fifty feet later, the tunnel ended abruptly at a long pile of crushed rock
about two feet high. Beside it lay a black cloth bag.

"This is it, honey," he told her. Jenna's heart froze. "Lay down. On your back.
On the rocks. You won't feel 'em long."

Trembling wildly, she did what he told her. The rocks were jagged and uneven;
they dug into her flesh and hurt terribly. She watched his every move, watched
the gun, for what would happen next.

He put down the pistol and she sighed with relief.

"Hands over your head," he commanded, stepping behind her. She complied and felt
him tying them together with quarter-inch sisal rope--half the thickness of what
they'd used all along.

"No sense wastin' the good stuff," he said more to himself than to her. The thin
line dug into her flesh and hurt just like the rocks beneath her body. He took
more of the rope and tied her ankles to anchor points on either side of the pile
to spread her legs. Satisfied, Jules reached into the bag and pulled out a roll
of duct tape. He took a length and taped her mouth.

"Your boyfriend's gonna give you an overdose of roofies," he told her, "then
while you're lying there waiting to die, he's gonna fuck you one last time. Then
he's gonna kill himself.

"Sooner or later, that's the way they'll find you: him with his dick still in
you and your girlfriend out there hanging from the timbers. Assuming you've
still got flesh on your bones by then, it'd probably make great pictures.

"Back in a little bit," he told her, picked up the lantern, and walked out,
leaving her in total darkness.

After a time, Jenna realized the silence was complete too. She began hearing her
heart beat and the rushing of blood through her body. She sobbed to herself at
how it would end, how alone she was, how people could be so ugly, so cruel.

She prayed something--some miracle--would save them: that Jules really meant it
when he said he'd let them go. Maybe this was a big joke.

But Karen was no joke. She sobbed again.

It seemed only an instant later when Jenna heard footsteps again. The lantern's
glow filled the chamber and Gloria entered, followed by Robert, then Jules. The
reality of the moment gripped Jenna and her eyes went wild. She screamed into
her gag to warn him. Gloria kicked her in the side of the head. "Shut up,
bitch!" she screamed.

"Hey, goddamnit!" Robert yelled. He made a move toward her and she recoiled to
the corner of the room. Jules poked him with the gun. He chambered a round,
"Knock it off!" he snapped, "this is almost over. Don't fuck it up!

"Now all you have to do is fuck your honey there. Just do it and you're all out
of here."

Robert looked alarmed. His dick hung limp and his hands were tied behind his
back.

"Christ!" Jules complained. "Gloria."

She looked at Jules, amazed. "What do you want me to--"

Jules' violent nod toward Robert's cock cut her off.

She was livid. She opened her mouth to yell but Jules spoke first.

"There's some lube in the bag," he told her.

Grumbling, she reached in and pulled out a jar of Vaseline. She took it out and
put some on her fingers, then began stroking Robert's cock. He looked down at
her with tender eyes; she looked back, eyes first hard, then softening as if
their contact brought out something from deep within her. They stood, eyes
locked, for a time while she continued stroking. Soon, he was hard and ready.
She continued another moment, seeming to savor it.

"OK," Jules interrupted, "now, take care of your girlfriend there. Just let us
know when you're about to come."

Robert positioned himself, taking care not to put any weight on her until the
last second when he had to lay his torso on hers. Jenna screamed as the jagged
rocks gouged into her flesh. "It'll be all right," he whispered. He kissed her
forehead and cheeks.

Gloria reached between his legs and placed his cock at her labia. He pressed
himself home and began to stroke.

Jenna continued screaming warnings and signals with her eyes but to no avail:
Robert's eyes remained closed, no doubt trying to let himself come as soon as
possible. And it didn't take long. Soon Robert began moaning. It grew louder and
deeper. Jules took the pistol and stepped close. Jenna screamed and thrashed her
head wildly.

Robert moaned and moaned then, with a sudden "Oh!" he came.

Jules had the gun perfectly positioned and pulled the trigger, flooding the tiny
chamber with a dull but sudden "thap." Robert's body went instantly

limp and his head dropped onto Jenna's neck. All she could see were his open,
distant eyes and the blood running from his nose. And she screamed.

Jenna screamed and screamed and screamed and screamed with a shock that drove
beyond her soul. She felt his hot blood pouring over her body and screamed some
more.

Jules pulled a bottle of pills from the bag and pulled away the tape on her
mouth. Her shrieks deafened. He slapped her hard, five or six times and she lay
there dazed.

"Your turn now, honey" he told her, "don't worry, it won't be long."

"No!" Gloria protested, "not that way! I've been thinking about it. No pills.
It's too easy."

"Well, what do you want then?" Jules asked, clearly irritated.

Gloria held up a plastic shopping bag she'd held crumpled up in her hand. She
shook it open. "She dies suffocating slowly, alone in the dark with her dead
boyfriend on top of her."

"Shit!" Jules yelled, "This way's a lot better--it's guaranteed. Jesus Christ!"
Angered and disgusted with the sudden demand, he opened Jenna's mouth and
quickly positioned the gun inside so the shot would pass directly upward.
Looking to ensure a safe path for the exiting bullet, Jules' finger tightened on
the trigger.

"NO! Goddamnit!!" Gloria shrieked, "Don't fuck it up now! It was me who set you
up with these three. You had your fun all night while all I got to do was watch!
I never got to do anything. Bitch!" Gloria slugged Jenna in the side of the
head. Jenna was beyond feeling.

"All right, goddamn it!" Jules said, grabbing her fist. He pulled her close and
kissed her deeply.

Gloria calmed quickly. She kissed him passionately and stroked his cock. She
felt it filling.

"See, I told you this part of it excites me," he said softly, "doesn't it excite
you now you've done it a little? Wasn't I right about it?"

"Mmm," she cooed, "I'm all wet inside." She lifted her leg and Jules helped her
onto his cock. He leaned her down atop Robert's body and fucked in long, slow
strokes, crushing Jenna into agony on the rocks beneath.

"Let's get out of here," he told her, pulling out and kissing her, "we can
finish this at your place."

Gloria nodded. "But we still do her with the bag, OK?"

"OK." Jules smiled reluctantly.

Jenna saw Gloria's face next to hers. "You're gonna die, bitch, and I want you
to know it was me who killed you. It's gonna take awhile so you can think about
what happened. I killed your lover, I killed your man, and now I'm gonna kill
you.

"But one more thing," Gloria said, straddling her head with her thighs, "I want
the last taste in your mouth to be me." She opened Jenna's mouth and sat her
labia atop it. She began to pee, controlling the stream.

"Drink it, bitch, drink! I've been saving it for this. Drink!"

Jenna drank and, as soon as Gloria detected it, she let loose her bladder and
filled Jenna's stomach.

She finished and stepped clear, wiping herself with Jenna's hair. She smirked as
Jenna coughed and choked. Gloria reached down and took a generous amount of
Robert's blood and dripped it into Jenna's eyes. Jenna struggled to see as
Gloria pulled the plastic bag over her head. She took the duct tape and put a
strip around Jenna's neck to hold it.

"There you go," she said sweetly, wiping her bloody fingers clean in Jenna's
hair, "breathe deep. You're all alone now. All alone to die."

Jenna struggled to see and felt the bag around her head. All at once it draped
over her mouth and nose and she could get no air. She gasped and the sudden
outflow cleared the airway. But it dropped back and the cycle repeated.

"Ready?" Jenna recognized Curtis' voice.

"Think so," Jules replied, "finished with the other one?"

"Yeah," Curtis told him, "Hank's getting dressed and I've got everything out of
the shack."

Through the bag, Jenna saw Gloria's face illuminated by the lantern she held up.
She could see Jenna's eyes bulging out and her mouth stretched wide, covered by
the concave curvature of the thin, tan-colored translucent plastic film she
strained unsuccessfully to draw inside.

"Bye bye, bitch cunt," Gloria told her wickedly, "think about me as you fade
away forever."

Jenna felt a sharp kick in her side, then the lantern faded. All was black.

She struggled wildly as her body poured forth adrenaline. She thrashed her head,
pulled insanely against her bonds. She tried to scream but could get no air into
her lungs. She tried slowly drawing through her nose but, after half a breath,
the plastic settled in and sealed her nostrils. She flailed her head in mindless
panic.

After a time, dizziness came and she felt a growing comfort. All knowledge, all
understanding began unfolding. She saw her role here in this sweet, warm
darkness. She felt whole and loved. As absurd as it might have been, all that
happened seemed to have a place now. The struggle ceased and her tongue tenderly
caressed the amazingly soft and gentle plastic. Jenna flowed away on the
silkiest cloud.

Outside, Curtis and Hank had thrown Robert's clothes in the back seat of his car
and wiped it down for finger prints. Gloria got into Jules' shiny four wheel
drive sport utility vehicle while he had a final word with his friends. Hank and
Craig got into their car and all drove away. Less than an hour later, they all
shared a hearty breakfast and drank coffee at an upscale mountain lodge.

Gloria and Jules went to her house, had a long shower together, and fucked off
and on for the rest of the day. That evening, she suddenly began trembling and
crying. Jules knew it was shock and stayed the night with her.

Within a week, she was back to normal and now Jules came over all the time. He'd
spend nights, using her place as a "safe house" for cutting loads of cocaine and
storing cash.

Two weeks down the road, Gloria was ready for another "party." This time

Jules let Hank and Curtis set it up, drugging some divorcee at a beer bar and
all spending the next five days playing with her in her trailer in the country.
Sitting in front of the TV next to their tied-up victim, Gloria learned quite a
bit watching Curtis play his tapes of earlier exploits on her VCR.

Three days after that, Jules showed up at Gloria's with Hank and Curtis. In the
trunk, they had a Hispanic couple that a Mexican gang had given them for
disposal. They took them into the Mexican desert and fed them lots of acid and
mushrooms to accent their ordeal. In the four days that followed, Gloria got
more than her share of cock.

Then Jules made a really big score and rented a fifty-foot motor home for a
couple of weeks. For entertainment, they picked up three teenaged girls who'd
been hitchhiking and headed for their favorite spot in the desert. They killed
the chubbiest one almost immediately and barbecued her body while playing with
the other two. After them, Hank and Curtis hijacked a married couple from a rest
stop to fill out the rest of the little getaway.

They'd been home a few days when Gloria answered the phone at her house. It was
Jules and he was panic-stricken. Gloria had never heard him this upset before.

"What the hell's wrong with you?" she demanded.

"Fuck!" he screamed into the phone, "I'm coming over! Don't answer the door.
Don't let anyone in. Don't even answer the phone after this--!"

"What the fuck's--?"

"It's Hank and Craig!" he told her, "I found 'em at my place."

"So--?"

"So they're dead!! Somebody shot 'em and stuffed 'em into their trunk. They
dumped the car in my garage! I can't go back until I know what's going on! I
think it was either the gang in Vegas I ripped off or the bunch in Fresno I
still owe money. Fuck, it could even be the Mexican Mafia--their bodies were
really fucked up!!

"I don't know what to do now!" he railed, "I've got two kilos in the car!

"I'll be over in less than an hour! Get the cash from the hiding spot and pack
something quick!" He hung up.

Jules carefully approached Gloria's neighborhood. He circled the neighboring
blocks, slowly coming closer, looking for anything untoward. Satisfied, he
parked a block away, locked his car, and walked in. Trying to look unconcerned,
he turned his key in the lock and quickly entered, bolting the door behind him
every bit as quickly.

"I'm here!" he yelled. A voice answered but it was just at the limit of earshot.
"What?!" he repeated.

"In the garage," her voice yelled.

"Christ," he began, walking briskly in that direction, "I don't think anyone
followed me! We've gotta get outta town for at least a week." He saw the door to
the garage standing open. "We can head up north," he continued, getting closer,
"I have a friend in the country that--" He saw Gloria's car had been backed into
the garage. The trunk was open. She lay tied up inside.

"Lookout!" she screamed.

Jules' world became a sudden flash of yellow, then another, then another. Then
blackness.

Jules awoke slowly. He felt stiff and he had to pee. He tried to move but his
arms and legs were held fast. It took all his effort to open his eyes.

The dim surroundings confused him. It took a while before he recognized he was
on the floor of a large candlelit room inside a mine. He looked at his hands and
saw he'd been chained to huge timbers. He tried to move his feet but they were
chained too. And he was naked!

"You were asleep a long time," a voice said from somewhere in front of him.
Jenna stepped closer, "Those pills really do work. I stuffed some down your
throat before we left Gloria's."

Horror filled him as he recognized her.

"You've been out more than three days," she said, walking around behind him. She
lifted his head and put a rock behind it. He saw Gloria, naked and her body
wrapped with ropes; her mouth was taped. More ropes wrapped around her
now-discolored breasts; they stretched tightly upward to an overhead timber and
held her in place. Her face was fear-stricken and her body covered with marks.

"How--?" Jules began to speak but talking hurt his head. He winced with the pain
and Jenna took advantage of the gap.

"Ask your girlfriend," Jenna told him, walking back to her. She tugged on the
rock tied to the safety pin stuck through one of Gloria's nipples. Gloria
gasped.

"After you left me to suffocate, my body threw up her piss. I almost drowned but
the piss dissolved the glue on that cheap-ass tape you bought. There was a
little gap where it drained out.

"By turning my head into some impossible position, I found I could breathe
through that tiny fucking gap. I did it for I don't know how long but
eventually, I got some strength back. All I could do was scrape the rope holding
my hands on the rocks. It took me maybe a day to wear through it."

She walked back to where Jules lay spread-eagled. "Know what it's like pushing
the cold stiff body of the man you were going to marry off the top of you?" She
nudged his cock and balls with her boot. "You know? You know?!" She bumped
harder and intensely dull pain radiated inside him.

"Yes...--no! I mean I don't know! I don't know!" he yelled, beginning to
tremble. He tried to compose himself. "Look--Jessica--chill out. Please.
There was nothing personal--"

"Jenna! JENNA!!" she shrieked, kicking him with full force. Jules' universe
detonated.

"You fuck!" she screamed, "You have no fucking idea who you rape and kill, do
you?" Jules lay wide-eyed, mouth open, head flailing, lost in a world of
screaming pain. His need to pee deepened his misery.

"I felt my way out of that dark fucking tomb--don't know how much time that
took, either." Jenna walked around Jules' writhing body as she spoke. Her cold
voice penetrated to the heart of his agony. "It was nighttime when I finally
made it out. I drank water from a puddle and used what was left to wash away
Robert's caked-on blood. I fell asleep in that fucking shack.

"Next morning, I woke up and found Robert's clothes and keys in his car. But I
couldn't leave. I had to know. I found a lantern and I went back inside.

"Hank and Craig really made a mess out of Karen." Jenna's voice grew bitter and
distant. "I would have thrown up but there was nothing left inside me. She was
better off dead." Still gasping, Jules looked up through tear-flooded eyes to
see Jenna's staring back. The intensity frightened him; for the first time he
realized he was in serious danger.

"Then it was Robert." Jenna grew silent. Long moments passed.

"Very efficient," she said, finally. "Murder-suicide." Suddenly, Jenna pulled
the 9mm automatic from behind her. "You put this in his hand. Would've convinced
any coroner. I had to pry it from his fingers." She pointed it at Jules' face.
He could see a round was chambered and the hammer pulled back. Unable to speak,
his eyes grew huge and he shook his head, begging her not to pull the trigger.

She smiled and lowered the gun. "But that wasn't all I brought." She went over
to a zippered sports bag and dug into it. She pulled out a shopping bag and, out
of it, another. "Recognize this?" she asked. She turned and held it up for
Gloria. It was filthy and crumpled.

"You'll probably recognize the smell," Jenna said bitterly, slipping the bag
over Gloria's head, "it's been used once." Gloria screamed beneath the tape on
her mouth; she shook her head but the bag remained.

"So I put on Robert's clothes and left," she continued, ignoring Gloria's
plight. "I drove until I found out where I was, then went back to my place. I
knew you'd never go there.

"I called my boss and told him I'd been sick. I took Robert's car back and got
mine. Then I just went to Gloria's and waited.

"It didn't take long. The next night you showed up and the next morning I
followed you to your place. Nice house. I followed you around and watched for a
few days till Hank and Craig showed up. Then I followed them to the little dump
they have. Scum," she said, disgustedly.

"You're a busy guy," she said with a scowl, "move lots of dope. Stupid too.
Overconfident. Think you're so smart but have no fucking idea when someone's
watching you. Don't know how easy it'd have been for me to just walk up and blow
your fucking balls off. You two drove right past me I don't know how many times
while I sat in my car just two houses away.

"But I waited and watched until I was ready. Hank and Craig went to a bar and
sat outside awhile until someone they liked drove up. They crushed up their
pills and dropped the powder into her drink when she went to the bathroom. Then
Craig sauntered by and spilled his drink on her so he could make sure she was
busy while Hank let the air out of her tire.

"Craig stalled her awhile, then left. She sat alone until she started getting
woozy. She stumbled out and found the flat tire while Craig just happened to be
driving by with Hank. They backed up to her car, Craig opened his trunk, and
pushed her in.

"They went to your place but you were over at one of your other two girl
friends' houses fucking her. I'm sure Gloria knows about them, doesn't she?"
Jenna glanced toward Gloria who, despite her struggle, glowered at Jules in
shocked surprise.

"Well, guess what?" Jenna continued in mock amazement, "they drove right to our
little spot at the river. After we got out of town, I shut off my lights and
followed a couple hundred feet behind.

"By the time I walked from where I hid my car, they'd stripped down and were
busy ripping her clothes off. Hank was stupid enough to come at me so I shot his
cock off. His screaming pissed me off so I shot him in the face-- sideways, so
he wouldn't die right away. A real mess, actually; blew his jaw away.

"Craig got real cooperative and friendly then. He got Hank into the trunk so we
could 'take him to the hospital.' I told him who I was and he actually
remembered me. Told me it was your idea to take us to that mine to kill us. Told
me what an asshole you were. How selfish. How you always held out on them with
the dope money. How he'd planned to kill you and Gloria when it was convenient.
Wanted to help me get revenge and kill you both now. How we could get rid of
Hank and the girl, then do it together. Great guy, eh?

"I told him OK and lowered my hand. It was too dark for him to see I was just
pointing my finger at him and had the gun in my other hand. He lunged at me and
my first shot got him in the gut. Came right out the back. Flipped him around
and dropped him right on top of his buddy in the trunk. Messy. He tried to get
up so I put the next one right up his asshole. Don't think that one killed him;
he still kind of twitched after I shoved his legs into the trunk. Hank still
made this sort of gurgling sound.

"I put the girl back in their car and drove to their place. I cleaned her up
inside and let her sleep it off. Next day, I told her what they planned. At
first, she wouldn't believe me so we spent awhile looking at Craig's tape
collection.

"You'd been pretty busy after you finished with us. Both of us got pretty sick
watching what you did to those teenage girls while you cooked up their friend
and made them help you eat her.

"Emily--she was the one Hank and Craig tried to get--and I drove back to the
river and picked up my car. Never did open Hank's trunk again, big puddle of
blood dripped down in their garage. Gross. You were still at Gloria's so we went
to your place and used the garage door opener in Hank's glove compartment to get
in.

"We left Hank's car there and went back to Gloria's to wait for you to leave.
You usually finish fucking her by 10, then take off to move some dope. Then you
go spend the night with one of the other ones. So I knew I had lots of time.
Gloria's stupid too: leaves her garage side door unlocked.

"Well, you can figure out the rest."

Jules had recovered to the point where he could talk. "P-please," he gasped,
"don't do this. It wasn't my idea--doing you and your friends, I mean. It was,"

"Gloria?" Jenna interrupted. "Ya know, she said it was you! We've had some nice
long talks while you've been dozing over there. No secrets between us anymore."

Jenna walked over to Gloria and took hold of one of the safety pins she'd pushed
through her labia. "That right, Gloria?"

Gloria shrieked into the tape on her mouth. Jules looked sick.

"Jenna, please," Jules began, his voice seeming to reflect his own pride in
being able to say her name correctly. It emboldened him. "I-I like you. I always
did. I think maybe we could work something out,you and me. I,"

"Knock it off!" she yelled. Jules stopped abruptly and sighed, letting his head
fall back against the rock beneath it.

"I liked you too," she said in a strange, non-committal tone. Jules perked. He
raised his head again, like he hadn't heard what she said. "You heard me," she
said, "maybe we could, um.."

Hopeful energy flooded Jules. "I knew you felt it too!" he gushed. "Just

untie me. We can go away. Leave her here, kill her if you want to. I'll show you
some,"

"Just a second," she interjected, "what the hell do you bring to the table here?
Maybe you like to fuck me but you liked fucking Gloria too. And those other two
you have. And how many other ones you killed? I don't see any reason to trust
you."

"Money!" he shouted, "I've got,"

"I don't need your fucking money," she said bitterly. "Remember, once I got you
two comfy and asleep in Gloria's trunk, I had all the time in the world to check
out both your places. I got the pile of cash you kept under her fireplace, she
told me about that when I had her tied up on her kitchen table, and I got lots
more from the same place at your house. You're just not too bright about some
things, Jules.

"But shit, you had two kilograms of pure coke in your car! I could retire on
that."

"What do you want?" Jules asked miserably.

"Maybe a little test to demonstrate your devotion," she said. Jenna pulled off
her t-shirt, revealing she wore nothing beneath. She opened the button on her
jeans and unzipped them to display her dark bush, then stooped to unlace her
boots. A moment later, she straddled him naked, giving him a perfect view of the
labia she'd shaved. They stood engorged and parted on their own. Jules' eyes
widened and he felt a surge to his cock.

She played her foot over his cock and touched his nipples with her pointed toes.
Most of the marks Jules and his friends had left on her had vanished but she
still bore some of the harsher ones. She turned around to let him see her
backside. Five or six large healing wounds still remained on her back, buttocks,
and legs from the sharp rocks in the pile where they'd tied her for execution.
Jules winced.

"You know," she began, "at first, I hated you for these. But as the days passed,
I realized they started feeling good. In my mind, I found myself back on that
rock pile, lying there, feeling how erotic the sensations were. Then I was back
tied against the tree with those tight ropes and that huge cast iron dildo
inside me. Then I was tied to that stump where you all took me somewhere I'd
never been before."

Jenna pushed her back against the mine's stone wall and closed her eyes. Her
fingers reached down to her cunt and inside. She withdrew them soaking wet and
licked them clean. She took another sample and knelt over Jules. She offered the
dripping fingers and his mouth took them lovingly.

"What do you want?" he whispered.

Jenna felt beneath her to find Robert's cock hard and waiting. She positioned
herself and impaled her cunt on his length. He gasped.

"I think you might have been right about taking more time," she said in a low,
feral voice, "maybe we could go out to that 'Spot' Craig talked about and you
could show me what's possible?" She worked her hips slowly and felt Jules
shudder. "Now that I've thought about it, seen the tapes, there's something good
about taking someone like that just to get your own juices flowing."

Her voice faded to a desperate whisper. "I want to find someone and do them like
that. Just like Craig wanted. But just you and me?" Jenna's hips continued
moving; Jules felt her cunt muscles gripping and releasing as she took him. An
involuntary sigh breached his lips.

"Maybe we start with her?" Jules nodded to Gloria who watched with eyes wide.
"We could do it. Today. Now. Let her watch while I fuck you. Then I do her for
you. That make sense to you?" Jules' eyes burned their passion into Jenna's.

Jenna nodded slowly as her lips descended to cover his. They kissed wildly. In
the backround, Gloria shrieked into her gag.

"Tell her, then!" Jenna whispered, swirling her cunt around Jules' throbbing
length.

"Gonna kill you, bitch!" Jules shouted to Gloria, feeling the unmistakable
surges that unlocked the gate to his release. "You mean nothing to me!" he told
her between deepening breaths. "You're stupid. Stupid. You don't know what it
is--don't see it. But Jenna does. Gonna be Jenna 'n me now. Shoulda' been from
the first."

Jules smiled in response to Jenna's beaming eyes. He released all control from
his loins and let his orgasm rise unabated: no holding back; he'd finally found
what he'd sought his entire life.

Jenna picked up a set of metal tit clips and fitted them to her nipples.

"Something you taught me," she said. She gasped and her cunt clenched as she
released them to dig into her flesh. She began moving in long, slow strokes.
Jules began to moan.

Jenna's body quaked with her first release. Jules teetered at his brink,

watching his new love unshackle her soul above him. He felt her cunt quiver,
then the gush from her ejaculate splash hot onto the bottom of his belly. He
exploded with a deep, gasping scream and Jenna felt his cum flush into her
depths.

She came again, then again. Another tiny splatter of her own juices hit her
newfound lover. Together, they floated a long long moment. An eternity later,
she slowly rose and stood over him.

"OK," he panted. He held up a chained wrist and examined the padlock holding his
bond. "Let me out of this. Let me do her. You can watch."

Jenna held up a large butcher knife. Jules recognized it from the block in his
kitchen. "With this?" she asked.

Jules nodded and tried again to rise.

"Not so fast," she told him, seeming to doubt herself, "I have to be sure I can
trust you. I have to be sure. Do you see?"

Jules nodded and smiled an earnest smile.

Jenna walked to Gloria and peeled the tape from her mouth.

"You fuck!!" Gloria screamed at Jules. "You--you..." her voice trailed off, then
she began sobbing. "You promised! You said--" Gloria's sobs grew bitter and
their sounds flooded the chamber.

Jenna carefully wiped her dripping cunt with a small tissue, pressing deep
inside herself to collect the mixture of Jules' cum and her own juices. Gloria
and Jules watched her bring out the sodden white gob and wrap a small, shiny
metal object in it. After making sure it was well encased, she took another
sample of liquid from between her legs .

"Want to be free of him for good?" she asked in a calm, honest voice. Gloria's
eyes questioned. "Want to be free of Jules?" Jenna repeated. Gloria looked at
her again and nodded slowly.

"Then swallow this," Jenna held up the sopping Kleenex. "Taste him for the last
time. If you do this, I promise he'll be out of your life."

Gloria looked at the small white mass in Jenna's fingers. "Just do it," Jenna
told her softly, "I want this part of my life to be past me too. Past both of
us." Gloria's blank expression didn't change.

Jenna offered the object and Gloria's mouth opened. She placed it at the

back of Gloria's tongue and she tried to swallow. Jenna brought up a sports
bottle and helped flush it down. Jenna dried Gloria's mouth and face with a
clean towel, then kissed her. Without speaking, she put a new piece of tape over
her mouth. Gloria's eyes showed confusion, then panic.

Jenna tossed a hangman's noose over the timber above Gloria's head, then put the
noose around her neck. Like the ropes suspending her bound breasts, the noose's
heavy hemp ran over the huge timber to another at the side of the room. Jenna
tightened it, then using the butcher knife, cut the ropes holding Gloria's tits.
Gloria gasped with the sudden release and her eyes began pleading once more.

Jenna picked up the base of a rickety old wooden chair leaning against the
tunnel wall. The front two legs fell out and she stuck them back in as she moved
the woman back and placed it where she stood. She motioned for Gloria to step up
onto it.

Gloria began trembling and violently shook her head. Jenna pulled the noose rope
tight. She put the huge butcher knife between Gloria's breasts and slid it point
first down her belly, leaving a tiny slice that immediately began to bleed.
Horror stricken, Gloria hopped up onto the wobbly chair and balanced herself
precariously with her arms tied to her sides. Jenna tightened the rope and tied
it off to another timber. She took the butcher knife and stabbed in into the
chair's wooden base so it stood right between Gloria's bare feet. Throughout,
Jules watched without speaking.

Jenna turned to him. "You were right about the county having a list of all these
abandoned mines," she said. "This one's called a 'Class IV unstable' site. Two
speculators in Germany own it. But it's only been classified as unstable for a
few years. Work only stopped here about a year ago, now the whole thing's tied
up in court.

"Meanwhile, it's just like where you took us: nobody's coming out for a long
long time.

"But the interesting thing is that most of the equipment's still here." Jenna
walked over and picked up two wires and twisted them together. As she did, Jules
noticed a tiny light popped on in the darkness where the tunnel fed into the
room. In a moment, he recognized it as the LED on his cellular phone.

"I borrowed your cell phone," she told him, "I needed the battery. Now, sit up;
pull your shoulders off the ground." Jules strained to move. He pulled himself
up and saw the light go out. He dropped back down and it came on again. He
looked at her, trying to figure out what was happening.

"You're lying on a switch," she told him, holding up a shiny silver object about
the size of a pen; it had wires attached to it. "It has two sets of contacts on
it." She held the silver object closer so he could see its cylindrical shape.
"One set goes to the light, the other one goes here. She dipped the object into
her cunt to cover it with juices, then knelt between his widespread legs and
slid it into his asshole. "This is an electric blasting cap." Jules' eyes
widened as she attached its wires to two more.

"Don't move now," she warned. "If you do, you'll make the light go out and the
electricity goes to that blasting cap. Those things are pretty nasty," she said
matter-of-factly, " it'll blow your guts out, blow off your cock and balls at
the very least. Pretty terrible way to die."

Jules gasped. "But why--? I thought we--"

"I told you I had to be sure. This is the test," she said calmly. "I still can't
trust you yet. I only did this to make sure I got outside safely. We're about
500 feet into the mountain here. There's another set of wires at the entrance.
When I get there, I cut them. The light'll go out, then you're safe again.
Understand?"

"But--?"

"Understand?"

Jules nodded. "So what do--?"

"You decide," she answered with finality. Jenna knelt next to the fragile chair
where Gloria stood and tied a length of cord to the crossmember between its two
loose front legs. She held up two tiny keys on a metal ring and jingled them,
then tied them to a loop in the cord. "You choose between me and Gloria.

"These two keys fit the locks on your wrists." Jenna tied the cord's other end
to Jules's ankle and unlocked the padlock on its chain, freeing his leg. "The
third key--the one to the lock on your other ankle--is what you watched Gloria
swallow a few minutes ago." Jules felt his jaw drop.

"I'm gonna leave in a couple of minutes. When I'm safe outside and you see that
light go out, you choose what you want to do.

"That drink I gave her to wash down the key was a powerful laxative. That means
that little key'll flush through her in about a day. I know, I tested it on
myself to be sure. It won't be lots of fun waiting for it but it's nothing
compared to what you've done to lots of other women. The worst thing that can
happen is you jerk that chair out from under her with your leg to get the keys
to free your hands. All she does is hang for a few seconds while you unlock
yourself.

Jenna nodded to a large pile of supplies in the corner of the room. "There's
plenty of water and long-burning candles over there and, if you decide to stick
around, you'll be outta here before you know it. I'll leave Gloria's car outside
and the keys'll be under the mat.

"But you'd better fucking know that, if all you've said about you and me is so
much bullshit--and I don't have any reason to believe it isn't right now-- you'd
better take your shit and vanish for good. I'll know. I'll be watching. I'll
know who leaves here. I took care of Hank and Craig and you know I'll take care
of you--both of you." Jenna glared at Gloria.

"Besides, I left a bunch of Craig's tapes at your place and some more at
Gloria's. Even if I don't kill you myself, the cops'll have an easy time.

"But what if you aren't bullshitting?" she mused. What if you were really
serious?"

"Jenna, you know--" he began but she cut him off.

"What if you and I could really explore this together...? It is exciting," she
heard herself say.

Jenna pulled on her clothes as she spoke. "In that case, you know just where
that key is. I saw enough of Craig's tapes to see you know how to get it. You
could be outta here in just a few minutes. If you do that, I'll see you leave
alone. Just go to your place and wait for me. I'll stop by Gloria's and pick up
the tapes I left there. Then we can go wherever we need to. Together."

"Jenna," Jules said to her; his voice was bold and excited, "knock off all the
drama shit! You know what I want to do. Just let me go and we'll both be outta
here. I'll let you do whats-her-name here--see how good it feels. Then it's just
you 'n me."

"Sorry, Jules," she said, tying her last bootlace, "but I just can't take it
that far, not yet anyway." Jenna walked to Gloria, looked at her, then back to
Jules. She picked up the pistol and put it into her waistband.

"Remember," she said, "wait till the light goes out."

She turned and walked into the darkness, switching on the flashlight she
carried.

Outside, the dry desert sunlight blinded her as she picked up the wires she'd
left and cut them. An engine started and Jenna's car drove up. Inside was Emily.
Jenna hopped in and they quickly drove down the hill. They'd only gone about a
quarter mile when they heard the explosion.

Emily pulled to a stop and they both watched a sizable fraction of the hillside
sliding over the entrance, sealing it with untold tons of debris. "Class IV
unstable," Jenna remarked.

"Huh?" Emily responded.

"Oh, nothing," Jenna sighed.

"But I thought you were going to see what he'd do. I thought--"

"I knew what he'd do," she said sullenly, "I guess I forgot to tell him about
that third wire I mixed in with the ropes across Gloria's belly.

"Well, at least he'll have plenty to eat for a while."

The huge cloud of dust settled slowly in the reddening afternoon light. Soon,
the noise of the car faded, leaving only the soft whisper of the desert breeze.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alan Russelton(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





