BDSM Library - The Making of a Slut




The Making of a Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Barbara desperately want the modeling job and she would like to do anything to get it and she really meant it.
This has:  Bi Sex, Anal, Anal Rimming, Fisting, WS, Gang Bang, Rape, D/s,
Bondage, Nipple Piercing, Bestiality-woman/dog.

I reserve all rights to this story. It may not be transmitted to the
public by any means (such as posting to the Internet or to newsgroups) and
may not be changed in any way (such as altering the story or title) without
my expressed written permission.  Zombie Night (c) 1987


Send Any Comments To ZombieNight@Hotmail.com




The Making of a Slut

Chapter 1

I spent most of my morning reviewing applications for my latest
modeling job. I was surprised at the response of my newspaper ad.
Finding one attractive girl to model swimsuits would be an easy task,
out of the 100 applications I received. The magazine publisher was in a
hurry and needed someone by next week. With the pictures submitted,
choosing the best ones for interviews was going to be difficult. I
reviewed the pictures and all the information the girls wrote. There
was one girl who wrote some comments that I couldn't believe. This 21
year old blonde named Barbara was 5' 6" tall, 105 lbs., 38 D cup
breasts with a slender well developed build that accented her bust. She
was very attractive. On her application she wrote, " I desperately want
this modeling job and will do anything to get it. And I do mean
anything. Please let me show you how I look in person. I will be yours
to do with as you please."

How could I resist calling this girl. In all my years of photography, I
never had an offer like this. I have contacts for pornographic
material, but never thought I would have a willing model. I wonder if
that's what she had in mind? Well, I called her to come in the next day
for a photo session.

Barbara arrived right on time. She was an extremely attractive young
girl. Her picture didn't do her justice. We chatted for awhile, finding
out this was her first time modeling, but was looking forward to it.
She insisted, " I meant what I wrote on my application."

I replied, "OK, let's take some pictures and see what you look like on
film." I gave her a tiny pink string bikini and directed her to my
studio to get ready.

A few minutes later I entered the studio. There was Barbara, standing
next to the stool in front of the beach backdrop. She was gorgeous. Her
long blonde hair fell across her shoulders just touching her breasts.
My eyes scanned up her perfectly tanned legs to her incredibly tight
ass. My heart was pounding as I thought about this beautiful girl's
offer to get this job.

I told Barbara to have a seat on the stool as I started snapping some
pictures. I spent about 15 minutes taking various poses when I asked
Barbara, "What did you have in mind with your comments earlier."

"Are you interested in more erotic modeling?"

"Sure, why not," she replied. "Okay, then", I said, "pull those bikini
bottoms aside. Let me see your pussy." Without hesitating Barbara took
one finger and pulled the flimsy bikini bottoms aside exposing her cunt
for me to see. I snapped a couple more shots. " How about your top."
Barbara had it off in seconds. What a body on this young girl. I asked
Barbara if I could start my video camera to save some time shooting
pictures. " Go right ahead," she replied. " I said anything goes."

I started the video and went to Barbara asking her to remove her bikini
bottom completely. Now, with Barbara completely naked, I spread her
legs wide exposing her young cunt for the camera.

"Play with yourself," I ordered." I will if that's what you want, but
I'd much rather you play with me." Well, that was her final invitation
for me. Barbara obviously was looking for some action.

I gently stroked one finger across her slit. As I did, she leaned
forward to kiss me burying her tongue in my mouth. I kept fingering her
cunt until it was nice and moist, but I didn't insert it into her.
Barbara was becoming aroused from the kissing and fingering. We moved
over to the couch where I removed my clothes as Barbara stroked
herself. When I finished undressing I went back to Barbara's now wet
slit and continued my massage of her clit. Barbara was beginning to
moan as she was really getting turned on.

I spread her legs wide, grabbed my now hard cock and lightly stroked it
up her slit and back down. Then again I massaged her clit up and down
with my cockhead. I continued sliding my cock around her juicy slit.
Barbara was enjoying this. "Oooooooh!!! ooooooooh!!!! That feels good,"
she moaned. I stood up to wipe my cock across her lips leaving them
glistening with her cunt juice. Then I returned to her wet slit to
continue with her clit massage. As I slid my cock up and down her slit,
Barbara tried to push forward to get my cock inside her. " Put it in
me," she said in kind of a begging voice." Put your cock in me."

"Not yet," I replied with a grin.

I went back up to her mouth, smearing my cock across her face and lips
again. Each time I neared Barbara's lips her mouth opened trying to
suck me, but to no avail. I was going to make this horny little slut
beg. Again I went down to her cunt sliding my hard cock down her slit
and back up. I gradually slid my cock down her slit and kept going this
time to her asshole. I paused for a moment right on her bottom hole. I
pushed my cock up and down her ass crack and stopped again on her
puckered little asshole. Then I rubbed the head of my cock around her
anal hole. "How about in here," I urged. "Yes, please. Put it in any
hole, she answered. "No, maybe not," I said and returned to her juicy
slit again smearing my cock up and down her soaked pussy.

Oooooooh!!, baby!!! please put it in!!!!! Pleeeeeeease........!!!!
Pleeeeeease fuck me!!! Barbara was almost in tears as she quietly cried
her plea. "Don't do this to me, baby!!" "Please put your cock in me!!"

I pushed the head of my cock just in Barbara's cunt and stopped.

"That's it! That's it!, she cried out.

I pulled out and laid my cock across her clit. I thought she would
break down and cry as my cock left her hot wet hole. " Put it back in,
please! Baby, Please"

I slipped my shaft back in and gave her about two inches this time.
"All the way, baby. "All the way," she kept pleading.

I pulled out again. I looked into Barbara's eyes. She was on the verge
of tears. She was reaching for my cock, trying to shove me back in her
dripping wet cunt. Again, I gave her two inches. " Please, baby."
"Please, baby." I started pushing slowly. 3 inches, 4 inches. Barbara
let out a deep low moan,

"Ooooooooooooooooh. Oooooooooooooooooooooooooh. Deeeeeper. Give me
moooore."

5 inches, 6, 7 inches, 8, 9 inches. I was in all the way. As soon as I
had her fuckhole stuffed full of my hard cock, Barbara's cunt tightened
around it as she went into an incredible orgasmic state. Barbara
grabbed hold of my waist pulling me trying for deeper penetration. Her
body literally shook as her orgasm rocked through her body. For almost
a full minute I could feel waves of pleasure shaking her as she
continually cried out, "I'm cuuuuming, I'm cuumming. Ooooooh!! Baby!"

Finally her orgasm subsided as she began to relax. I didn't cum yet so
I started pumping her in and out. Her cunt was soaked with her fresh
juices. My cock felt like an iron rod pistoning in and out of her hot
box. Again, Barbara tightened up as another orgasm started.

"Oh! Fuck!!, Baby" "Oooooooooh!! Fuck me, Fuck me." "I'm cumming
again."

In her delirious state I whispered my request. "Can I cum in your
mouth?"

"Oh! Yessss, Yessss, cum in my mouth," she begged. "I want to taste
it."

I yanked out of the tight grip of Barbara's cunt and jerked myself at
her face.

"I'm cumming," I said to her. A tremendous stream of cum hit her in the
face splattering all over her. Barbara quickly opened her mouth to
catch three more strong thick wads of my cum. I could see the white
sticky jism all over her tongue and inside her mouth. Barbara closed
her mouth and swallowed. While she tasted my sperm I continue to flood
her face with my thick hot cum. With only a few drops of sperm dripping
off the end of my cock, Barbara licked her lips. I slid my cock in her
mouth for her to suck any remaining cum out of me and in the process
she licked my shaft clean. Her face was covered with my white sticky
spunk and Barbara made no immediate attempt to clean it off. She took a
deep breath saying, "That was so good."

"Why did you make me beg like that, you fuckin' tease." I scraped the
cum off her face with my fingers and fed it to her until I had her face
cleaned up. She ate every drop lingering to enjoy each mouthful.

We finally got up and dressed. I turned my video camera off telling
Barbara to stop by tomorrow to watch it with me. "I can't wait to see
it," she said. "Maybe we can do another?"

"Well, I have something else in mind." I said. "I'll fill you in on it
tomorrow."




Chapter 2

I was in my photo studio early the next morning when I heard the knock
on the door. It was Barbara. She sure was early today. " I was
wondering if I got the modeling job and to see what else you had in
mind for me like you said last night." she asked. I told her the job
was hers, but "I also want to know if you might be interested in a side
job for one night. A friend of mine is having a fraternity party at the
college Saturday night. He's looking for a girl to entertain, if you
know what I mean? You seemed to enjoy yourself yesterday, so I wondered
if you would be interested?"

"What exactly would I have to do?" she asked.

You would be paid to be the entertainment for nineteen men at the frat
house. Whatever they want, you would be expected to do. Do you think
you'd want to handle nineteen guys?

"Sounds like it could be fun," Barbara replied. "What time should I be
there." I gave Barbara all the details and to ask for Mark when she
arrived. I told her I would be there to take pictures of her
performance.

Barbara arrived Saturday right on time at 8:00 PM. I was already there
when Mark met Barbara at the door. After Mark saw Barbara, he assured
me that no one would be disappointed tonight. Barbara was one great
looking piece of ass. Mark escorted her into to the next room where
nineteen guys were waiting for Barbara's arrival. As we walked into the
room whistles and yells started as Barbara's appearance met with their
approval. Barbara stood in the middle of the room surveying the group
to see what was in store for her. There were all shapes and sizes of
men all with drinks in their hands. Most of them in the room were
pretty good looking she thought. Two guys in the corner were rather
heavy, and three of them were black. There were beer bottles, wine
bottles and glasses everywhere. Barbara had a slight fear on her face
that they may get a little rowdy and nasty. She took a deep breath,
smiled at everyone and said," OK guys, what are we going to do first.

Mark went up to Barbara first. He started unbuttoning her blouse and
unbuttoned her skirt which immediately fell to the floor. Silence came
over the whole room as Barbara stood there now with just her bra and
panties left on. Mark began kissing her while rubbing his hand in her
crotch. As Barbara became aroused from the hand massaging her slit, she
relaxed and looked like she was going to enjoy tonight's' session.

Barbara slipped her bra straps over her shoulders and while Mark
unhooked it in back. When her 38 inch tits fell free the hoots and
hollers started again from the crowd. Then Barbara slipped her panties
off and knelt down in front of Mark unbuckling his pants pulling them
down. She pulled out his cock which had grown to about eight inches and
she started licking the head. While Barbara began sucking Mark into her
mouth, another guy named John came up from behind her and started
licking her cunt. John's cock grew in no time and he inserted it into
Barbara's cunt. Barbara continued sucking on Mark slurping his hot meat
in and out of her mouth as John was now fucking her pretty hard. Mark
put his hands on Barbara's head guiding it up and down his shaft. "I'm
Cummins," he yelled out. Barbara didn't quit, but kept sucking Mark's
cock in her mouth swallowing his entire load. When Barbara was sure she
had all of Mark's sperm she let his cock slip out.

John's pace had picked up considerably fucking her cunt. He let out
moan, and pulled out of Barbara's hole. Barbara quickly turned around
grabbing his cock guiding it to her mouth to take the second load down
her throat. She licked his cock clean telling John," That cum sure
tastes good."

There were already two to take their places, but they were so excited
from seeing Barbara swallow two mouthfuls of jism, they were ready to
explode now. They quickly moved, one on each side of Barbara's face.
Barbara held her head back and opened her mouth ready for more hot
white spunk. They both blew their loads at almost the same time. A few
spurts managed to make in Barbara's mouth, but most splattered on her
face. She cleaned them both up, licking any remaining cream left on
their cocks and then ate what she could dripping from her face.

The three black guys strolled up to Barbara next. "Hi guys." Barbara
said. "Your the first black men for me." Tony the biggest of them told
Barbara, "Well, baby your the first white cunt for us, too. And your
one hot piece of ass. Can you do all three of us at once?" Barbara
thought, all three holes filled at once. It sounded rather exciting
having never done that before. Barbara replied, " Sure, sounds like
fun."

Tony's one friend laid down on the floor. "You sit on his cock, baby,"
Tony instructed Barbara. Barbara squatted over his nine inch cock and
sat right down on it taking it all the way up her cunt at once. "Ok,
Mike, you fuck her in the ass." Mike's cock was about ten inches long
with a very large cockhead. When Tony told Mike to fuck her ass,
Barbara was a little worried how that fat cock was going to fit in her
tiny little asshole. But, Mike knew what to do. He licked her butthole,
lubricating it with his saliva, then spit in his hand and rubbed it on
his cock. He squatted over Barbara's ass, placed his cock at Barbara's
anal entrance and started pushing slowly. Barbara was surprised how
Mike was being gentle and going easy. She was able to relax now, since
he wasn't going to be rough.

As Barbara relaxed, Mike's big cockhead slipped right in. Barbara let
out a little whimper, not from pain, but from the feel of this giant
knob which just entered her ass. Mike pushed his shaft the rest of the
way up Barbara's bunghole and slowly began fucking her ass.

With two black cocks in Barbara, that left Tony standing in front of
her. Tony was stroking his cock as he waited for Barbara to get used to
the first two penetrations. Barbara couldn't believe the size Tony's
cock was growing to. His cock had to be at least thirteen inches long,
maybe more. "Like what you see baby? " Tony asked. Barbara said, "I've
never seen any cock that big." "Well, it's all for you baby." And I
want you to take it all the way down that beautiful throat." Barbara
immediately had a scared look on her face as she replied to Tony, '"I
can't." "I can't take that big thing down my throat." "I've never been
able to deep throat any cock much less yours." Tony tried to convince
Barbara. " I KNOW you can. You just have to try. It's just like taking
it up the ass. Once you relax it goes in easy. Just try it. Then if you
can't it's ok". "All right." Barbara thought for a moment and replied,
"OK. I'll try."

Barbara took the monster cock in two hands and started sucking it. She
took the head of his cock in her mouth and held there. She mouthed and
tongued it to see what this big black cock tasted like. She continued
sucking harder and deeper while her cunt and asshole were getting
stuffed with the other two black cocks.

As the cunt and ass fucking continued, Tony fucked Barbara's mouth
while gently running his fingers up and down her neck massaging her
throat muscles. "Keep your head up and relax those muscles," he said.
He kept massaging her neck while he gave her reassurance. Tony pushed a
little deeper filling Barbara's mouth. His cock was at the entrance of
Barbara's throat and there was at least nine inches left to go. I don't
know if Barbara knew what was happening at this point with one cock
driving in and out of her cunt and the other black cock still drilling
her asshole.

Tony pushed some more and the big black piece of meat started down
Barbara's throat. She was doing it. Barbara's mouth was wide open with
her head tilted back and Tony was shoving his long black schlong down
her throat. Inch by inch it disappeared into Barbara's mouth stretching
her throat to the limit to accommodate his massive tool. With about ten
inches in, a quiet gurgling sound came from Barbara's throat as Tony
was literally stuffing it the rest of the way in. Finally, Barbara's
lips were pressed against Tony's balls as all thirteen inches of hard
black meat lay lodged in Barbara's throat. "Ooooh, Baby." Tony yelled
out. "you're some fucking slut." Barbara's eyes were wide open as Tony
gave a couple short in and out strokes working his tight fitted cock in
her throat. " You're some white fuckin' cocksucker, baby. Your throat
is so............. tight."

Tony quickly pulled his cock from the depths of Barbara's throat so she
could get a quick breath. Then he positioned himself right above
Barbara's mouth and lowered himself into her again, shoving his giant
black cock all the way down Barbara's throat in one motion. Barbara
actually helped by working her lips and throat trying to swallow the
big black piece of meat as Tony pushed it down. Then Tony began working
that big black tool up and down, fucking Barbara's throat with thirteen
inches of hard black cock. Barbara grabbed Tony's ass with both hands
pulling him towards her forcing his black rod all the way down her
throat. With Tony's crotch in her face and balls slapping her chin, she
kept him lodged there in the tight depths of her tiny throat.

That was all Tony could take. He quickly pulled out of her throat and
while Barbara gasped for breath, the biggest wad of cum she's ever seen
burst from Tony's cock into her mouth. Barbara had no choice but to
swallow the big load of jizz. She grabbed the big black cock and with
two hands and milked it onto her tongue before gulping it down again.
Looking at Tony, Barbara said half out of breath, "that was a big load.
You sure had a lot of cum in there." Tony asked, "How did you like it?"
"Do you like the taste of black cum?" Barbara smiled, "I want more."
Mike who was still in Barbara's ass pulled out, walked around to
Barbara's face and deposited his spunk in Barbara's mouth too. Once
Barbara devoured his load and licked the taste of her own ass off
Mike's cock, she backed off the other black man's rock hard shaft just
in time to take his hot black spunk in her face too. Barbara smeared it
all over her face then licked her fingers to get a taste of his cream
too...




Chapter 3

Barbara sat back on the floor to catch her breath after the black
pounding that just took place. Two more guys were unable to wait any
longer after the show they had just seen. While Barbara rested on her
elbows with head back, they just shot their loads over her face
drenching her with their hot cream. Barbara just stayed there as they
emptied their cocks on her face and watched their spunk drip down her
cheeks and chin. Each one of them smeared the fresh cum around her face
with their cocks pausing from time to time to feed the cum to Barbara
with their glistening rods. She licked it from their cocks until most
of jib was somewhat cleaned off. The little that was left started to
dry on her face.

There was one guy sitting on the couch taking this all in and enjoying
it as he jerked himself off. He was wearing a condom as he stared at
Barbara jerking himself off. She figured he would be the next one to
fuck her. But then as Barbara watched, he leaned back, groaned and
filled the end of the condom with his sperm. She could see the end of
the rubber sack fill up as his sperm drained from his twitching shaft.
He sat up, carefully removed the tight fitting condom from his cock and
walked over to Barbara.

"Open up and eat this, you fuckin' cum hungry whore. Let me dump this
in your mouth too."

Barbara didn't say a word. She just tilted her head and opened her
mouth. He took the cum filled condom and proceeded to dump the contents
into Barbara's mouth. The white jism slowly oozed its way out of the
sack. Barbara stuck her tongue out to catch the dripping white condom
scum in her mouth. It slowly dripped onto her tongue and drained to the
back of her throat. Then she returned her tongue back in her mouth as
she gulped the load down. Barbara then took the condom from him, turned
it inside out and put it in her mouth sucking the remaining cock cream
off the used condom. She licked her lips and told him, "I don't want to
waste any. It tastes too good."

The two heavy men that were in the corner earlier were next. But,
before Barbara could get over to them another fellow ran up to Barbara
with his cum in his hand. " What a shame you couldn't hold on any
longer. I would have sucked it out of you." Barbara told him. She took
his hand and lapped up the sticky goo, licking every finger to get it
all. Then Barbara went over to the two men in the corner who obviously
were rather shy. They had been there all evening watching her
performance. Barbara encouraged them on, "Come on guys, don't you want
to cum in my mouth too?" Barbara unzipped both of them and alternately
sucked on their cocks. A couple minutes later Barbara had sucked down
their cum too.

Barbara turned around to see who she could do next, when the front door
opened. In walked a beautiful brunette. She was about 5' 7" tall, very
slim build with very large tits. She wore a short black skirt, which
exposed a lot of her nicely figured legs and a white blouse straining
from her well-endowed chest. As Barbara found out later she was the
part-time maid. Unfortunately she walked in on this gang bang.

Two guys met her at the door and before she realized what was going on
her clothes were off. One man was in her cunt and the other in her ass.
They couldn't wait for Barbara any longer so Michelle the maid was
getting her two holes fucked at once. This diversion gave Barbara a
little break. Everyone's attention was on Michelle the maid getting
cunt and ass fucked. Barbara watched the show too, but didn't want to
come down off her orgasmic high. While the maid fucking continued,
Barbara used an empty beer bottle on her cunt. She shoved it about half
way in and bottle fucked her own cunt until she could get another hot
cock. After about ten minutes both guys pulled out, having deposited
their cum inside Michelle. The one guy Tom looked at Barbara saying, "
Sorry, but we just couldn't pass her up. We've been wanting to screw
her for a long time. Now why don't you get over here and suck our cum
out of our maid."

Barbara moved over to Michelle who was lying on the floor recovering
from the fucking she just received. "Come on, slut. Eat our cum out of
her. Suck our sperm out of her cunt and asshole." Barbara really was
enjoying tasting everyone's sperm. Actually, she had become obsessed
eating it. So, Barbara buried her face in Michelle's cunt gobbling the
cum oozing out of her just fucked hole. Then Barbara pushed Michelle's
legs up high so she could get access to her asshole. Barbara spread
Michelle's ass cheeks, forced her lips onto her puckered little hole
and with a noise heard across the room, sucked and slurped the cum out
of Michelle's asshole. A couple times Barbara back off, stuffed her
index finger in Michelle's tight asshole, twisted it inside her ass and
ate what she pulled out. Confident that she had gotten as much of the
cum as possible, Barbara sat back. " I need more cum, guys" Come on,
who's next."

Two more guys reported for duty to start with their turn. One
immediately drove his cock into Barbara's cunt and began fucking her.
The other squatted over her face so Barbara could tongue his balls. She
jerked his cock as she sucked his balls into her mouth. Shortly he
started cumming. Barbara was able to catch his sperm in her mouth, but
the guy fucking her shot his load up her cunt. When he pulled out he
told Barbara, "Your cunt felt so good I just had to fill it. Am I the
only one you haven't tasted?" With that Barbara sat up, shoved a couple
fingers up her own cunt and came out with them coated with sperm. She
licked them clean and went back for more.

Barbara was down to the last two guys. It was about time to call it a
night, so Barbara grabbed their cocks, jerked them off until they came
in her mouth. Barbara had eaten nineteen loads of cum. The last two
guys remarked to Barbara, "You're a real fuckin' slut, Barbara." "You
really like suckin' down the cum, don't you?" "How about something to
wash it all down." They had had so much beer to drink their bladders
were about to burst. Both of them started pissing all over Barbara. One
stream hit on her chest splashing all over, and the other was soaking
her long blonde hair. Barbara sat on the floor with legs spread as she
was told, " spread your cunt and open your mouth, you fuckin' slut."

Barbara did as ordered so they could piss directly onto her spread open
cunt and into her mouth. She felt the strong piss stream hit her open
fuckhole splattering all over her thighs and legs. Then one brought the
flow up, watering her body in piss. Finally, he was up to Barbara's
face, as the second piss stream poured into her mouth. "Swallow it
cunt. Swallow it."

Everyone was watching. Piss was running down her chin as her mouth
filled up. There was no end to the flow entering her mouth. "Swallow
it," they demanded again. Barbara closed her mouth and gulped. She felt
the hot piss gush down her throat. Again she open her mouth just to
have it filled with the endless flow of hot piss. Another gulp and down
it went. Barbara could hear them talking as they finished pissing on
her, "This fuckin bitch is incredible. She'll do anything" Barbara just
sat there totally drenched in their hot steamy piss.

Several of the horny guys collected some of their empty beer bottles
and emptied their bladders in them. Three of them went to Barbara as
she sat there exhausted. " Have a beer, sweetheart. You deserve it."
Barbara put the bottle to her lips and started slugging it down.
Stopping after one mouthful she looked at them saying, "You fuckin'
bastards." "What's the matter, cunt," one said. "Our piss not good
enough for you. You like it and you know it. Now drink up." Barbara put
the bottle of hot piss back to her lips and drank the rest without
stopping, while the other two each poured their bottle of hot urine on
her head and face watching it drench her entire body. When the bottles
were empty they jerked off again shooting their cum on her tits and
chest. Barbara's hair was matted, piss was dripping from her face, and
rest of her body had a mixture of piss and cum clinging to it. Barbara
just lay there recovering from the humiliation, but deep down knew she
was enjoying these new sexual pleasures.

Tony, the big black man strolled back up to Barbara as the two finished
emptying their bottles on her. Tony took Barbara's head in his large
hands pulling her mouth onto his black cock. He pushed it about half
way in and stood there with his head tilted back. Tony took a deep
breath and then yellow fluid began gushing from around Tony's cock out
of Barbara's mouth. He was pissing right her mouth. He was forcing
Barbara's mouth to be his human toilet.

Tony looked down at her, "swallow it down, you little whore." "Or I'll
shove it all the way down and piss right into your throat."

The piss stopped escaping from Barbara's mouth. Her lips were clamped
around Tony's urinating cock. She was drinking it, gulping the hot piss
as it drained from his big black cock. Tony held her head in place,
forcing her to swallow all of his urine. With all the beer Tony had, it
must have been a full minute that Barbara drank from his cock. Finally
he pulled out letting Barbara fall back to the floor with her stomach
full of hot yellow juice.

It took awhile for Barbara to get up. For sure I thought she'd be
puking her guts up by now. She stood up as Mark approached. Mark
thanked her for the incredible evening and offered her a parting
surprise.

"We have something special for you before you leave," Mark said. All
the guys were really horny watching you all night. Since they couldn't
get seconds with you they've been jerking off and saving the sperm.
They thought you might want a last taste of them. Mark handed Barbara a
glass that had white thick cum. Barbara smiled, put the cup to her lips
and slowly began swallowing down the cup of hot sticky sperm. Without
stopping she gulped every drop of the sticky jism, licked the cup with
her tongue then thank everyone for the terrific evening.




Chapter 4

The next day I was in my photo studio reviewing many of my pictures
from the night before. Barbara was truly amazing last night. Only a
couple days ago she was here being photographed and agreed to entertain
at the frat party. I couldn't get her out of my mind. What I thought to
be a nice, innocent model trying to break into the profession, turned
out to have a wild sexual appetite beyond my wildest imagination.

Then a knock came to my door. When I answered, there was Barbara. Was
this the same girl, the same cute blonde in the picture she submitted a
week ago. When she showed up a couple days ago for her photo shoot, she
was nicely dressed in a blouse, not to revealing, but provocative
enough to show off her incredible figure and the fact that she had nice
full bust. She wore slacks that day, nothing tight, but loosely fitted.
Still it was obvious how attractive her figure was underneath. Her
straight blonde hair was loose around her face which hung down her back
about half way. Barbara has beautiful facial features no matter what
she did to it, even though she didn't wear a lot of make-up. She's one
of those girls that's a knock-out regardless of her choice of clothes
or how she fixes her hair or how she does her make-up.

Now what was this at my front door? This was Barbara? Her blonde hair
was done curly, still long down her back, but very full with a lot of
body. It looked like she had twice as much hair as before. It looked
great. I looked beyond her hair into her eyes as I invited her in. Full
eye shadow and liner accented her beautiful eyes. Her make-up was
perfect with deep red lipstick to show off her full lips. And "wow" did
she smell fantastic.

She had on a short tight halter top. And I mean tight. It hugged her
breasts making it impossible not to notice her incredible tits. She
must have had on a very sheer bra since I could see her hard nipples
protruding under the material of her top. I scanned down her body.
There wasn't much to the black short skirt she had on. It rose half way
up her thighs. The white fishnet stockings stopped just up underneath
her hemline of her skirt. When she walked by and lean over a bit I
could see some bare skin of her upper thighs exposed, as the tight
skirt rode up higher. And of course, she wore high heels to give her a
little more height. She was incredible. She was more than incredible.
She was the most beautiful intoxicating thing I've ever seen. If she
was trying for the slut-look, she found it and found it real good.
Looking at her beauty made my cock begin to grow and I wanted to fuck
her right on the spot. And I knew I probably would be very shortly.

Barbara told me how much she liked last night at the frat party.

"As the night went on, I wanted more and more," she told me. "I just
couldn't get enough cock. I wanted their cum. I wanted it in my mouth,
on my face, down my throat. The more I got the more I wanted." I liked
that I was able to arouse so many men. And did you see how crazy they
got when I started swallowing their piss? It actually turned me on that
I was doing such slutty whorish things with them. And I know they liked
watching me do it too. I couldn't get enough and I still can't. I
thought about it all last night. I liked doing those things for them.
Every time I think about the nasty things I did, I get crazy with
desire and lust to do it again. As I drove over I thought about what I
wanted to do with you when I got here. And I remembered you saying that
you had contacts in the porno industry. Maybe you get me in one, a
movie I mean."

Barbara had turned in to sex craved slut alright. Sex was the only
thing on her mind. She wanted to live a life of fucking and sucking and
doing any kinky thing a man could think of.

"Do like the way I dressed?" She asked. "What do you think?"

"Who wouldn't," I replied. "In fact, if you don't strip so we can fuck
right now, I'm going to rip them off you."

Barbara pulled her halter top off and unzipped her skirt leting it fall
to the floor. There was no bra or panties underneath. She stood there
in just her white net stockings held up by a garter belt. I quickly
removed my clothes and pulled Barbara to the sofa where I sat down with
my cock at full attention. I held her by the waist guiding her up onto
the sofa so she could sit on my cock. Barbara sat down on my lap
impaling herself fully in one motion. We kissed searching each others
mouths while she fucked herself on my cock. Over and over she drove my
cock all the way in her. She broke from my kissing and put her lips to
my right ear while she still fucked herself on my hard shaft. Barbara
whispered what she wanted.

"I want to suck you cock." She said.

"Then, I want to feel it in my throat."

Barbara slid down off my lap and in no time had my cock in her mouth
taking deep down her throat. There was no doubt about it, Barbara was a
real pro. She could suck anything down her throat. She didn't struggle
at all. She just took my hard shaft and sucked it down deep. She used
my cock to fuck her throat just like she did in her cunt, poisoning up
and down it's full length. She sure was enjoying my cock. Then she
pulled it out and moved her mouth down lower as she pushed my legs up
and spread them wide for me. I helped her by pulling my legs up higher
as she pushed.

"I'm going to lick your asshole. Would you like that?"

Barbara didn't have to tell me or ask. I knew what she was going to do
and I wanted her to do it. I was so excited watching Barbara's
beautiful face sliding down between my legs knowing soon that her
gorgeous face and warm tongue would be probing around my ass. Barbara
didn't hesitate in the least. She placed her mouth right in my asscrack
putting her tongue to work immediately teasing me by gently licking and
probing my asshole. She was an incredible woman relentless with her
oral talents. She positioned herself kneeling in front of my spread
open legs giving herself access to every inch between my legs. Her
tongue searched and found every corner and crevice hidden between my
legs. Her tongue carefully licked and cleaned every inch of my crotch.
It felt so nice feeling her wet warm tongue down in the crease of my
crotch and delicately licking on my balls. I was enjoying the warmth of
her mouth as she sucked my balls in and out. Then down lower she licked
across the sensitive flesh under my scrotum. And it wasn't just a
tonguing either, she enjoyed this. She licked and tasted and probed
then swallowed, then tasted some more as if eating from me.

Then, she forced my cheeks apart with her hands making my anal hole
stretch. I could feel the pressure on my anus as she pulled hard on my
behind trying to expose as much of my asshole as possible. Then she
buried her face between my cheeks and I felt her tongue contact my
puckered brown hole. She pushed trying to force her tongue in. It was a
little tough, my hole was closed up tight. She wouldn't give up. Her
tongue pressed and pushed and licked. I couldn't take it, she was
making me nuts. Her hot tongue buried against my anus was making me
insane.

Barbara kept licking on my asshole and pushed in her tongue just a
little more. God that felt good. Then she pulled on my asshole making
it open a bit. I thought I'd go berserk when she pulled harder opening
my ass more and leaned her face in sticking that warm wet tongue into
my opened ass. I don't know what kept me from cumming when I felt
Barbara's beautiful tongue dipping into my asshole. Her tongue felt so
soft and moist as she stuffed it in me. She started swirling her tongue
around on the soft dark flesh she had exposed. What an incredible
woman. She was making love to my asshole, to the musky flesh of my anus
and she was in ecstasy doing it as much as I was enjoying the feel of
it. At that moment, Barbara became my anal slut. She was my anal
licking whore servicing my private hidden anal hole. I didn't want her
ever to stop, just keep licking on my asshole. She was putting me over
the edge. I couldn't take any more.

I grabbed my hard cock, jerked a couple times then pushed Barbara back
away shooting sperm at her face as I exploded in a tremendous orgasm.
My cum shot at her with such force, it splashed all over in her eyes,
on her cheeks, across her nose and dripped to her breasts. Then another
blast of sticky jib erupted out soaking her face. Barbara then grabbed
my cock and sunk her mouth on it letting me drain the rest in there.
She collected the rest of my load in her mouth, and once I was done,
swallowed it in one gulp. The rest of my sperm covering her face I
smeared around with my cock.

After we finished, I told Barbara what an incredible woman she was and
that I would be happy to make a few calls and get her an interview with
some people I knew in the porn film industry. About a half hour later I
had her interview arranged. I told Barbara she should dress like today.
If that outfit didn't make them crazy, nothing would. She liked that
and thank me before leaving.

The next day Barbara met me at the studio and I drove her to the
interview. She was dressed just like yesterday. We arrived about an
hour later and went right in to see them. There were two men, Bob and
Peter, waiting for us in their office. From their initial reaction just
looking at Barbara I knew they liked what they saw. They chatted with
Barbara awhile to get the feel of what she was willing to do in the
movies and see how serious she was about becoming a new porn actress.
After 15 minutes, Bob said, "okay Barbara, let's see what you look like
and what you can do." Barbara starting removing her clothes stripping
completely while Bob and Peter did the same.

Bob went down on Barbara licking her slit while Peter moved closer
letting Barbara suck him. His cock grew larger and larger as it moved
across her lips. Shortly thereafter, Peter had grown to full ten
inches. Barbara was pretty aroused by now with Bob feverishly working
her cunt. Barbara then started swallowing Peter's dick. She didn't
waist anytime, she just grabbed hold of his buttocks and pulled Peter
towards her while she took his ten inches in one gulp. Peter nearly
blew his load right then, "my God, Bob, she's got a hot mouth." "What a
fuckin' tight throat." Bob looked up seeing Peter completely buried
inside Barbara's mouth. She didn't let him back out either. Barbara
kept him deep for awhile before pulling away only to swallow him again
and again.

In between throat drilling, Bob managed to get Barbara onto the floor
and seated on his now hard 8 inch shaft. She rode him while continuing
to get her throat fucked. Peter was close to unloading in Barbara's
mouth and Barbara knew it. But she wasn't ready for that yet so she let
him slip out. "I want your cock in my ass," she begged Peter. He was
only too willing to oblige her. While Barbara continued taking Bob's
cock in her cunt she leaned down to kiss Bob exposing her asshole to
Peter. Peter went behind her, placed his hard tool on Barbara's
backdoor and started his journey up Barbara's tight anal hole. He
pushed on her puckered entrance and it opened right up for him. Barbara
had become expert on taking a cock up her ass. She knew how to relax
and allow her ass to stretch and be penetrated. Besides, she loved
feeling the hardness as it traveled deep into her rectum. And after the
frat party the other day, this ten inch cock was easy to take.

"Oh fuck, what an ass." Peter exclaimed in his glory.

Peter pushed all of his meat in Barbara's ass. His cock was gone inside
completely and Barbara loved it. She moaned telling Peter how good his
cock felt in her ass.

"Fuck my ass, fuck me hard."

Peter began pumping her sliding his ten inch rigid cock in and out.
Barbara's asshole hugged Peter's cock tightly. He fucked her hard and
deep over and over.

"Oh God, yes, fuck my asshole," Barbara cried in her now lustfilled
frenzy. "Fuck it hard." "That's it, ram it all the up there."
"Harder!!!! Harder!!!!"

Meanwhile Bob started moaning loudly as he listened to Barbara coax
Peter on. He was cumming. He pumped Barbara's cunt and he filled her
hole with his sperm. That set Barbara off into an orgasm making her
clench her cunt and ass. Peter jammed his cock deep in her ass one last
time and cried out that he was cumming too. He flooded Barbara's ass
with his hot seed and feeling his thick stuff flowing into her ass only
made Barbara's orgasm more intense. She wiggled her butt squeezing his
cock with her ass milking out every bit of his hot sticky cum, until he
was drained. Then Peter pulled out leaving Barbara begging for more as
her orgasm continued to consumed her body.

Barbara, still in her orgasm, wanted Peter's cock. She didn't care that
it had just come out of her ass.

"Give me your cock, let me taste you."

Peter having just pulled out, had a pretty heavy coating stuck to his
shaft. I could see his cock glistening with a slimy brownish slime,
apparently from being so far up Barbara's ass. Peter told her, "no it's
kinda messy, I have to clean up here first." Barbara didn't say a word.
She twisted around grabbing Peter's slimy dirty scum covered cock and
brought to her mouth. Then down it went, all the way. "Oh my God,"
Peter cried out. "What a nasty little cunt you are." Barbara sucked him
down cleaning his cock in the process of every bit of the scummy
substance that came from her own ass. It was the nastiest thing Peter
ever had done to him. I know I've never seen any girl be that downright
nasty and whorish. It aroused Peter again. Seeing Barbara slurping and
cleaning his dirty scum covered cock made him start cumming in
Barbara's mouth, giving her a big mouthful of sticky jib to swallow to
go along the with the brown mucous that she already ate.

Bob had already pulled out and was sitting on the sofa watching Barbara
clean his buddies cock. When Barbara finally finished with Peter she
crawled over to Bob and sucked his cock cleaning the little bit of
sperm that was left on it. Then she pushed his legs up and went down
lower licking his buttocks. Bob was in for a real treat.

"Want me to rim you?" Barbara asked. "How would you like me to stick my
tongue up your asshole?"

Like Bob was going to refuse that offer. Barbara spread his cheeks
burying her mouth in his crack. Bob let out a loud moan as Barbara's
tongue licked around the hairy flesh of his crack and forced its' way
in finding his asshole. She licked him, probed him and tongued his anal
hole making Bob crazy. But that wasn't going to be enough for Barbara.
Bob was about to get more than a simple rim job. Barbara was going to
see to it that he got the anal licking of his life. She forced his
cheeks apart to stick her tongue on his asshole and get it good and wet
from her saliva. Then she put a finger in his ass up to the second
knuckle, then inserted another finger from her other hand. Bob was
going nuts moaning as he watched this gorgeous girl inserting her
fingers in his ass. Slowly she began pulling his asshole open. As Bob
relaxed his anal hole opened wider and wider for Barbara. She had his
hole stretched wide when she looked up at Bob saying,

"Bob, I've got your hole pulled wide open." Then she whispered in a low
sexy voice, "Now I'm going to stick my tongue in there and licked
inside your asshole."

Then down Barbara went. Her tongue went right in Bob's asshole. Her
face was buried in his crack, but I knew where her tongue was from
Bob's delirium of pleasure he was experiencing. Even with the waves of
electric pleasure running through Bob, he managed telling Barbara what
he thought of her performance.

"My God,............ you're the dirtiest fuckin' slut I've ever had."

"Ohhhhhhh!!!!!!!!" What a nasty filthy cunt you are."

"Ohhhhh!!!!............... Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!

"You're a fuckin' anal whore." "Ohhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!

"That's it." "Lick my asshole you slut, c'mon, lick it."

Watching Barbara was making me crazy too. I had my trousers down and
jerking myself off. I was ready to cream as I watched her eating on
Bob's asshole. I saw a glass on the table next to me, so I grabbed it
and shot my load in it. When I was finished cumming, the bottom of the
glass was covered with my sperm. I figured when Barbara was done with
Bob she might want my jism too. A few minutes later Bob was ready to
explode again. Barbara's anal licking had driven him absolutely over
the edge again. She backed off when Bob annouced his impending climax
taking a blast of his juice in the face as it gushed from Bob's cock.
Spurt after spurt shot right at her splashing all over showering
Barbara's face with white hot sperm. She was covered in jib by the time
Bob was done. Sperm was dripping and running down all over her face.

Barbara looked over at me smiling, enjoying herself. I showed the glass
of sperm and offered it to her. She crawled over to me next saying she
was getting thirsty from all the licking and sucking. That gave me an
idea that I knew would drive Bob and Peter nuts. While they watched I
took the glass holding down in front of my cock. I started urinating in
the glass. I hadn't gone since we left the studio so emptying my
bladder managed to fill the glass. Barbara watched too the whole time
as I pissed in the glass. When I finished I held the warm glass of my
pee up to the light, so every one could see the big globs of my cum
that were on the bottom, now were floating around in the yellow tinted
piss. I handed the glass to Barbara. She turned around so Bob and Peter
could see what she was about to do. She brought the glass to her lips
and began tipping it, pouring the hot piss into her mouth. The urine
started disappearing through her lips as she tilted the glass more and
more until all of the piss-cum mixture was gone. When she removed the
glass from her mouth, she still had a thick strand of yellow tinted cum
hanging from her upper lip. Her tongue came out and lapped it up. I
thought Bob and Peter were going blow a load a third time as they
stroked themselves and watched in astonishment as Barbara swallowed
every drop of my hot piss.

Barbara sat back on the sofa to relax. I was confident that Barbara was
going to be the next porn queen. I doubt anyone put on a performance
like she just did. Once we all were cleaned up, Bob told Barbara how
great she was and how he never experienced anyone like her. He wanted
to get her on film the next time. He was going to have Barbara star in
his next movie. So all the arrangements were made. Barbara was set
ready for her first pornographic movie. And I'm not going to miss this.
I almost couldn't wait for that day.




Chapter 5

Barbara was really excited about being in a pornographic movie. She
liked having sex with different guys and enjoyed having a cock just
about anywhere. It seemed like a good time to purchase a new wardrobe,
now that she was going to star in some movies. So off she went to the
mall the next evening. She spent all evening shopping and bought a lot
of different styles for herself to wear. She bought some of the sexiest
and skimpiest skirts, extremely revealing blouses and a variety of high
heels and different colored stockings. She had a terrific time trying
on and deciding what to buy. By the time the mall closed she decided on
what she wanted and had her arms filled with all her purchases.

The mall was about to close, it was nearly 10 P.M. It was time to head
home after an exhausting night of shopping. Barbara left the stores
heading to her car in the mall parking lot. She got all her purchases
into the trunk and was ready to hop in her car to head for home.
Suddenly, she was grabbed from behind around the waist and neck and
held tightly. She was startled at first and then struggled to get away
yelling at her attacker. The parking lot was nearly empty, only a few
cars left and no one was in sight. She was all alone and defenseless.
Then she felt another pair of hands grab her feet picking her up off
the pavement.

They carried her across the lot to a van parked nearby as she struggled
and screamed to get away. They opened the back of the van and both
pushed her inside where she got her first look at her assailants. She
sat on the floor of the van looking at two black men eyeing her up. She
still had on her short skirt and low cut blouse from earlier in the day
and they certainly liked what they saw. Their eyes literally devoured
her body. Then one of them went up to the front seat and started the
van.

Barbara found herself in a terrible predicament. She was somewhat
excited at the prospect of having sex with black men. She had fucked a
black cock before. But she was a bit apprehensive that they might
really hurt her. She had no idea where they were taking her or whether
she should try to reason with them and let them fuck her. Perhaps that
way she wouldn't get hurt.

When the one drove off the other handcuffed her to the back of the
front seat. "C'mon Jake, find a spot to park." "This bitch is hot, I
wanna start fuckin' her."

"Alright, alright." I'll be right there." Jake parked the van in a
secluded spot along a back road and joined his friend back with
Barbara.

"You won't hurt me will you? Barbara asked. "Just shut up you white
bitch." "I wouldn't worry about getting hurt, I'd worry about how many
times you're gonna get fucked." With that they both began ripping her
clothes off. Her halter top ripped down the middle and they yanked her
bra up over her head leaving it dangling next to her handcuffs. Then
they both grabbed her skirt pulling it off her legs along with her
panties. She was naked in front of them as they gazed at her beautiful
body.

"Fuck me, man." "What a good looking white cunt." They both hurried to
undress and Barbara stared at two of the biggest black cocks she's ever
seen. She swallowed the lump that formed in her throat knowing that
soon enough she probably would be forced to take those black shafts in
every hole. They stroked themselves while staring at Barbara. Jake's
cock was getting larger and larger until finally it grew to over a foot
long. His friend's cock was nearly the same size as he yanked on it
moving closer to Barbara. There was no point in fighting them, Barbara
thought. I may as well let them have their fun and I'll be out of here
soon enough with out getting hurt.

"Okay, babe. Open up. Feeding time." The black man held his big black
cock in front of Barbara's face waiting for her to open her mouth. He
put it against her lips and she could feel the warm hardness of his
black shaft. She parted her lips slightly and he pushed in. "Oh, yes
baby, eat it." He pushed in her mouth more. "What a hot mouth, Jake."
And in further he went until he hit the back of Barbara's throat. Then
he grabbed her head roughly in his hands with his fingers entwined in
her beautiful blonde hair holding her still. Barbara knew what he was
going to do and she prepared herself for it. He pushed in more forcing
his black cockhead past the entrance of her throat as it started its'
way down. He kept an even forward thrust feeding Barbara inch by inch
his hard black meat. Barbara had deep throated before, but it was
somehow different this time because she had no control of the
situation. He was forcing himself on her with whatever he wanted. She
was handcuffed and couldn't do anything to help herself. She was at his
mercy while he force fed her his cock and prepared to fuck her throat.

He pushed further down until all of his nearly footlong cock was buried
in the depths of her tight throat. He stayed there enjoying the feel of
Barbara's throat gripping his big black cock. He gave her head little
pumping motions fucking himself with her face as he told Jake how good
it felt. "Man, this bitch is good." "What a tight fuckin' throat."
Still he danced around with her mouth plastered into his groin. Barbara
was running out of breath and was afraid of passing out as the fear
displayed on her face. But he didn't pull out. He stayed in her throat
longer, still fucking her face until Barbara moaned and whined making
him look down at her to see her near fainting. He pulled out of her
throat and Barbara gasped for air, coughing and choking. They both
laughed at her remarking, "you'd better get used to it, we aren't near
finished with you yet."

Jake, turned her over on her knees putting his hard foot long cock on
her slit. In it went, penetrating her cunt as far as he could go.
Barbara let out a loud moan from the rapid insertion that caught her
off guard. Then Jake pumped her, ramrodding her hard, making her grunt
with every penetration as he hit bottom inside her wet cunt. "C'mon
Jake, let me see you fuck her in the ass while I make her swallow me
again." Jake pulled out and moved up to Barbara's asshole. All he had
was the cunt juices on his cock when he pushed on her backdoor swiftly,
opening her asshole up and slipping inside. Barbara let out a yell from
the pain of her anal hole being forced open so abruptly. Jake didn't
let her get used to his massive tool either. Immediately upon entering
her anus he pushed hard forcing his hard black cock all the way in her
ass. Barbara screamed in pain. "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!" Her asshole
was still too dry and unlubricated to take anything so large inside.
But Jake didn't care. He started fucking her ass right away, removing
his cock almost all the way and ramming back in. And not just once or
twice, but kept on going over and over as Barbara screamed and
screamed.

She had always like it in the ass, but not this way. Once she got used
to a cock inside her rectum it felt so good. Sometimes she would even
orgasm from a good anal fuck. But now, she couldn't relax enough, her
asshole was too dry, it hurt. She could feel every inch of Jake's hard
meat slide in and then out, then back in and back out. The pain rippled
through her entire body starting at her asshole and traveling all the
way up until it registered in her brain.

Jake's friend moved in front of Barbara and when she opened her mouth
to let out another scream he stuffed her mouth with his cock again.
Barbara had no choice but to take him in her throat again. They both
started fucking her one in and one out. Jake would slam her asshole as
his friend pulled from her throat. Then her throat would get stuffed as
Jake withdrew from her ass. For ten minutes they put Barbara through
the double fucking torture. She had to quickly take a breath when her
throat was clear for that fraction of a second. Her throat was getting
sore and her asshole felt raw. Finally Jake's friend announced he was
cumming. Thank God Barbara thought. He pulled back slightly and flooded
her mouth with his sperm. He gave Barbara a tremendous load that filled
her mouth. It was a heavy and thick load that felt like big globs in
Barbara's mouth. When he finished he pulled out ordering her to swallow
it down.

"You'd better swallow it.".....................C'mon bitch, swallow."
Barbara looked at him and gulped it down. It felt like one big glob in
her throat as she felt it slide all the way down.

Meanwhile, Jake was ready to blow in her ass. He was still slamming
into her pretty hard. Her asshole was red from taking twelve inches in
so many times. "Make her eat yours too." Jake liked that idea. "Yeah,
okay." "I'd like that. I fuck her in the ass and make her eat it." Jake
withdrew and quickly came around in front of her making her take his
black cock in her mouth. He pumped his cock a couple times and began
unloading in Barbara's mouth. She opened wide letting it drain in her
mouth all over her tongue covering it completely. When Jake finished he
stared at her waiting. Barbara closed her mouth and swallowed his load
too. Then he smeared his cock around her face making Barbara lick the
remaining sperm from his cock. "Oh, man, she's a good cum eater." "You
like it, huh baby?" Barbara didn't reply, hoping they now would let her
go.

"You are a hot little thing," Jake commented to Barbara and his friend.
"You know,................. I know a bunch of guys who'd love to have
some fun with you." "What you say, want some more black cock?" "I can
get you cock for every hole and keep you busy all night."

"Please let me go," Barbara begged. "You had your fun, now let me go,
please!!!"

"No way, baby." "We ain't done with you yet." "We're gonna get you more
black meat than you've ever seen." "And they're gonna love fuckin' a
good looking white cunt like you." "And you know, they ain't had no
lovin' for a long time."

"Where are you going to take me?" Barbara asked.

"We're going up to the prison work farm." There's about 20 brothers
ain't had no pussy for a long time. They're sure gonna like a nice
white one like yours."

"No, come on, please!! let me go." "Please!!!" Barbara begged again.

"No way, bitch." Jake replied.

"Stop calling me bitch, you bastards." "And let me go, Barbara yelled
at them.

"Shut up you fuckin' little whore." "You'll do exactly what we say."
Jake got real mad at Barbara for swearing and yelling them. "I'll teach
this little white cunt a lesson," Jake commented to his friend. "This
fuckin' white bitch talks too much." "I'll give her something to keep
her busy."

With that Jake reached under the front seat and pulled out an empty
beer bottle. He held it up showing Barbara. "What's biggest thing
you've ever had up that pearly white cunt of yours." "You've got to be
kidding," Barbara replied to Jake. "You white bitches don't know what a
good fucking is." Jake held the bottle by the neck and put the wide end
down to Barbara's slit. "Hold on, here it goes." He jammed the bottle
onto her cunt lips and pushed. Harder and harder he applied pressure
against her pussy. Barbara screamed as the discomfort grew and the pain
began to register in her brain. Her cunt lips spread and then her tight
fuckhole opened letting the bottle inside. Her stretched cunt hugged
the bottle as Jake forced it in. The bottom of the bottle disappeared
inside her hole. Jake pushed more as Barbara screamed at the top of her
lungs. When half the bottle was buried inside her cunt, Jake stopped
leaving it implanted inside her hole. Barbara gasped and groaned trying
to expel the bottle from the clutches of her cunt, but it was lodged in
there.

Jake then flipped her over with the bottle still buried in her cunt
hole and started fingering her ass. First he pushed one finger in her
asshole inserting it all the way. Barbara's anal hole was a bit dry so
Jake spit a couple times on her ass and smeared his saliva around her
anus until he could easily fuck her asshole with his long black finger.
Barbara felt one finger probing around her rectum, then a second one
and a third. Jake was stretching her asshole pretty wide once her got
his fourth finger in. He wasn't too easy about it either. He fucked in
and out of her anus fast and hard making Barbara grunt from the force
and pressure each time he jammed his fingers in. Then he pulled out and
began twisted his fingers in her asshole trying to penetrate her ass
with his whole hand. Barbara was letting out a continuous loud groan
and grunt as she knew he wasn't going to stop until his whole fist was
inside her ass. He pushed harder and harder and harder until finally
Barbara's asshole stretched wide, almost feeling like it would rip
right open. Jake's fist entered Barbara's ass. The pain was
excruciating when his hand passed through her anal opening. Her cunt
was already forced open, occupied by a beer bottle and now her asshole
was full too with a black man's fist.

Barbara felt Jake probing around in her ass and could feel his hand
touching and bumping the bottle that was in her other hole just on the
other side of the thin membrane separating her ass and cunt. Jake
thought it was cute when he tried to push the bottle thinking he might
force it out of her cunt from inside her ass. But every time he tried
Barbara screamed as it hurt the inside of her delicate rectum walls.
Jake laughed at her, "what's a matter, bitch?" "Can't handle a fist up
your ass?" And he laughed at her again.

Jake's friend was going nuts watching Barbara in her discomfort. He
obviously wanted in on the fun too. He reached down grabbing the beer
bottle by its neck and pulled it from her stretched out cunt. Barbara
twitched when her yanked it out. The other black man then reached up
between Barbara's legs and started inserting his hand up her cunt.
Barbara tightened up trying to keep him out but in it went. His hand
disappeared inside her fuckhole. She was impaled on both ends, a fist
in her asshole and a fist in her cunt. "Hey man, I can feel you in
there," Jake remarked. "God, I like this bitch. What a fuckin' whore."
"Let's give her a real fist fuckin'"

Jake began pulling his fist from her asshole and then plunging it back
in. All Barbara could do was let out loud groaning sounds as Jake
pistoned his fist in and out of her tight asshole. Her anal hole opened
and closed repeatedly to accommodate Jake's fist. A couple times Jake
pulled his fist out leaving a giant gaping hole where his fist had
been. "Look at this fuckin asshole, man." And they both stared into
Barbara's wide open rectum. "Nice ass, baby," he would remark. Then he
would plow his fist back in before Barbara's asshole closed up.

Then Jake's friend started doing her cunt the same way. His fist
emerged from her slit then got swallowed up again as he rammed it back
in. He continued in and out of her hole while Jake did the same in her
ass. Then they began ramming her holes together, both forcing their
fists in at the same time making Barbara take a pounding like she's
never had before. It hurt at first, it felt like they were ripping her
apart. But then, crazy as it seems, Barbara became aroused as the
movement of his fist kept going across her clit. The excitement built
and became unbearable. Barbara was being raped. She already had had
black cocks in her mouth and her ass. Now she was being brutally fisted
and she was getting turned on. What was happening to her. Why was she
feeling so aroused. It happened all so fast, but she was almost there.
Barbara was near an orgasm while being fisted by two black men at the
same time. Then it happened, she gripped their fists while inside her
and convulsed in a violent orgasm. "The bitch, is cummin' Jake." "She
likes it." "What a slut, what a fuckin' slut."

Barbara's orgasm lasted a full minute before subsiding. When it did the
black fists were pulled from her soaked holes. She looked up and stared
at her rapists. "You're a hot one, aren't you?" Jake asked. Barbara
just continued to stare at them saying nothing and was on the verge of
falling asleep from her exhaustion. Jake and his friend moved to the
front seats and drove off leaving her in the back as they traveled
toward the prison farm. "The boys are really gonna like her," Jake
remarked.

Barbara thought to herself, "Jake mentioned twenty black men, in
prison. Who knows how long it's been since they've had a woman. Would
they hurt me? How rough would they be with me?" The prospects didn't
seem pleasant. Barbara was going get fucked like she's never dreamed
of. Actually, this was going to be a brutal gang rape and no one would
be able to help her or stop it. But still there was an excitement to
it. "What is wrong with me," Barbara thought. "I've just been raped and
I had an orgasm." "My pussy hurts and my asshole is so sore, yet it was
so exciting. What's wrong with me?" Barbara fell asleep.




Chapter 6

When Barbara awoke she looked out the front window to see where she
was. The van was parked at what looked like a farm. There was a barn
off in the distance and from the van Barbara could see plenty of open
fields, some planted and some not. There wasn't a house as far as she
could see. This place was in the middle of nowhere. This must be the
prison farm Jake spoke of where all the inmates worked. Jake and his
friend weren't around, she figured they must be off getting their
friends for the good time he bragged about. Still Barbara was
handcuffed to the van seat and still naked from the night before. There
wasn't much to do but wait. The clock on the dashboard read 8:00 am and
Barbara was getting uncomfortable from being restrained all night.

About an hour passed when she heard some voices approaching. Gradually
they became louder and louder and sounded like quite a few people.
Finally she could tell they were directly behind the van and Barbara
could see the rear door lock being opened. It was Jake opening the door
and behind him stood five black men staring into the van at Barbara's
beautiful nude handcuffed body.

"Fuck," "where'd you get her," one of the men yelled out. "Nice piece
of ass," another added.

None of them could take their eyes off Barbara's gorgeous nude body.
Even after being raped last night and handcuffed since yesterday she
still looked great with her 38" inch breasts jutting firmly from her
chest and her nipples large and soft waiting for a warm mouth. She had
her shapely legs crossed and she knew how much they wanted to see her
blonde slit. And Barbara's hair had become a little disheveled from
sleeping in such awkward positions last night, but it only made her
blonde appearance that much more sexy and slutty.

"Now listen up," Jake told them. "Everybody will get a turn with her.
We have to go in shifts so the guards don't see us. So you guys are
first then we'll get the next group until everyone gets a turn with
her.

Jake jumped up in the van and unlocked Barbara's handcuffs. He led her
out of the van around to the side where there was a row of trees. The
location was perfect for being secluded as the trees blocked the view
on nearly all three sides and the van blocked the view from the front.
Jake laid out a blanket on the ground putting Barbara on it.

"I'm not putting the cuffs back on you," Jake told Barbara. "If you try
to run or get away, it'll be the sorriest thing you every did. We're
parked out in the country near the prison work farm. There's about
twenty friends of mine that work here everyday on the prison work
program. They all get here around 9:00 and have to go back to their
cells by 5:00. The guard always stays up by the farmhouse so you'll get
five guys at time, this way everyone's not missing at once. They won't
even notice. Now you'd better be good to my boys. They ain't had no
loving for a long time."

"Listen Jake," Barbara said. "If you promise to let me go when we're
finished, I'll see to it all your friends have the best time they've
ever imagined. And you can have seconds with me too. What do you say?
You and you friends want a willing white pussy to fuck? You want me to
gobble your cock down my throat without forcing me? You want me beg
your friends to fuck me up the ass? How about it? Just promise to let
me go afterwards."

It didn't take long for Jake to make up his mind. The thought of a
willing white piece of ass that looked like Barbara was more than
slightly appealing. "You got it, baby. It's a deal," Jake replied with
a tremendous smile on his face. "Here that guys, this gorgeous white
cunt wants our black cocks real bad. Are you ready to give it to her?"
Everyone cheered and yelled their approval and started pulling their
clothes off.

Barbara already naked waited for them to undress. All five finished
about them same time and headed to Barbara stroking their cocks
preparing themselves for the first fuck they've had in a long time.
Barbara knelt up on the blanket grabbing the first black cock that
neared her. He was about ten inches long and rock hard. She jerked him
a couple times with her hand as he moaned in pleasure with the touch of
a woman's hand for the first in a long time. Barbara guided his cock to
her mouth and took him in. She sucked on the big head of his cock, then
slowly took him deeper inside her wet mouth. His cock hit the back of
her throat and Barbara wasted no time as she pushed her mouth further
on to his cock taking him in her throat. He let out long loud moan to
the others. "Fuck, she's great. What a hot mouth."

Two others joined the first with their cocks at full attention and
nearly the same size. Barbara began sucking on all three taking turns
swallowing their hard black shafts. Meanwhile another slid his body
between Barbara's legs. When Barbara saw his cock align up with her
cunt she lowered herself taking his black meat up her waiting slit. She
sat completely down on him impaling herself fully with his hard eleven
inches. Barbara let out a moan herself feeling her hole fill up, but
she quickly returned to deep throating the three cocks in front of her.

As Barbara sucked on three black pieces of meat and rode a fourth, the
fifth was eyeing up the only hole Barbara had open. He stood there
stroking his foot long cock. Barbara looked over her shoulder at him,
"Go ahead,......shove that big black cock up my ass." He didn't need a
second invitation. He positioned himself over Barbara's ass and put his
cock on her back entrance. He pushed on her back door and his cock head
slipped in. Barbara let out a moan of pleasure, "oh yes, fuck my ass."
"Deeper, deeper." He pushed into Barbara's bottom until he buried his
twelve inch meat inside. Then he began riding her asshole, pistoning in
and out in unison with his buddy fucking her cunt. "This bitch loves it
in the ass man," as he spoke his enjoyment to the others.

The pounding continued, but only a short time before one of the cocks
erupted in Barbara's mouth. She backed off his throbbing member letting
him milked it into her mouth. It was a tremendous load that kept
spurting from his cock. This black prisoner was in heaven as he filled
Barbara's mouth with his thick load. When he finished he watched her
opened mouth, overflowing with his fresh hot sperm. Her mouth closed
and she gulped it down. "Fuck, man, she ate it." "She swallowed it
all." The other two in front of Barbara seeing what she just did, that
was all they needed to blow their loads. Almost simultaneously they
began cumming. Barbara held her mouth open so they could empty their
cocks into her mouth too. The cum spewed like crazy from their black
cocks all over Barbara's face and in her mouth. She swallowed once to
make room for more as her mouth filled up again. They jerked every drop
they could on her face and mouth and then Barbara gave them a last suck
and deep throat to get the last drop clinging to the end of their
cocks. And their black shafts glided down so easy from the cum coating
stuck to her throat.

As soon as Barbara finished her snack, she realized the cocks in her
cunt and ass were about ready to go too. They were still double teaming
her hard when both buried their cocks, one deep in her cunt and the
other deep in her ass. They both yelled out "I'm cumming," at the same
time. Barbara could feel two cocks begin spasming deep in her body. She
was getting filled with black cum. Her cunt walls felt blast after
blast of hot gooey sperm hit and send a wave through Barbara nearly
making her orgasm. And the same time she felt streams of hot jism
squirt in torrents into her bowels. Barbara let them fill her holes
with their pent up cream until finally they were both spent and pulled
from Barbara's lovely body. Barbara just rested there on the blanket
enjoying the warm feeling that came over her from being filled with all
the black juice. "That's was great," one replied. "Yeah, what a hot
bitch," another joined in as they got dressed.

"Hurry up," Barbara told them. "Go get the next group, I'm still horny
for more."

The next group showed up five minutes later and Barbara did her
swallowing and fucking routine again. She received three more massive
loads of sperm in her mouth and greedily gulped them all down. And
again she took loads in her cunt and in her ass. She was getting pretty
full and sperm was beginning to ooze from everywhere, especially her
cunt. Her asscrack was getting pretty slimy too from the overflow of
sperm in her rectum and from the excess that dripped from her slit and
ran down through her crack. Nevertheless, Barbara was becoming excited
at being the cum receptacle for all these black prisoners. Now that
group two was finished she could hardly wait for the next five black
cocks.

Only minutes passed and Barbara had five more fresh hard black pieces
of cock to service. A soon as the first undressed and she saw another
foot of black meat, she laid down on her back with part of the blanket
folded under her head and she beckoned him to straddled her face. "Fuck
my throat with that big thing," she ordered. His massive tool parted
Barbara's lips and pushed down penetrating her throat as he sat on her
face. Barbara kept her mouth open wide so he could fuck her face with
his full length. And that's what he did. He began sliding his hard
black tool slowly in and out of Barbara's throat and then started
picking up the pace. He was fucking her throat like it was her cunt,
while Barbara laid with her head tilted back allowing her gullet to be
continually stuffed. Finally he just buried it deep, all twelve inches
down her throat, and pumped his jib directly into Barbara's belly. When
he finished he withdrew and Barbara just licked her lips.

The second man replaced the first in Barbara's throat, but he pulled
Barbara's legs up high holding them so he could access her cunt and ass
too. He began fingering her pussy while he fucked Barbara's throat. He
started with a couple fingers in her hole which easily slipped in from
all the slippery sperm still inside Barbara. Then he stuffed in four
fingers and they went in easily too. "Hey, honey," "Jake tells us you
can take a whole fist." "I gotta see you take me." Barbara was to busy
swallowing his cock to reply, but it was fine by her. He pulled his
fingers out and proceeded to shove his whole hand inside Barbara's
sperm lubricated gash. Barbara's cunt stretched and opened for him as
he pushed on her hole. Barbara groaned with his cock deep in her throat
as his black hand penetrated her pussy. He was in. "Fuck, man." "The
bitch did it." "What a fuckin' hot cunt." He made a fist inside her and
started fucking her cunt on the inside. Barbara gasped for air every
time his cock slipped out, but she keep on sucking him while he fist
fucked her.

The third one of this group now came up to Barbara's wide open legs to
get a better look at this delicious white woman getting fisted. The
other two still watched stroking themselves waiting a turn. He started
playing and fingering Barbara's asshole. He poked a couple fingers in
her butt and found how juicy she was from his earlier buddies dumping
their loads in her. Barbara didn't even realize the entry in her ass as
she was on the verge of cumming from the cunt fisting. She swallowed
the cock in her mouth and tightened her cunt on his fist going into a
shuddering orgasm. Before her climax ended she had received a mouthful
of his sperm. That was her twelfth load so far. He pulled from her
mouth and backed his fist from her sloppy cum oozing cunt. That left
just the one working on her asshole.

The other two now joined in holding her legs apart while watching her
asshole get fingered. "Hey man," "think she can take a fist in her
ass?" Her asshole was certainly slimy enough from all the sperm, so the
third black man's hand began pushing on her anal hole. It stretched,...
she moaned,.... it widened more,....all fingers were in up to his
knuckles. He pushed harder,...Barbara whined,....he pushed still
harder,... it stretched,....and he was in. Her asshole wrapped around
his wrist as he implanted his fist in Barbara's rectum. "This is one
motherfuckin' slut," he commented to the others. He began working his
hand inside her moving it, twisting it, pulling and pushing. Barbara
just moaned and groaned nearly ready to have another orgasm. Then he
backed his fist out until it was positioned right in her anal entrance,
stretching her hole wide open. He twisted his fist back and forth
rimming Barbara's anal ring. Barbara grunted out as he kept her hole
stretched causing her to feel ripples of pain. Then he sunk his fist
back in. He tried pushing deeper into Barbara's lovely body and his
wrist inched in further. How much could she take? How deep into her ass
could she handle? It didn't look like she wanted him to stop, in fact
it looked like she wanted more. He pushed in deeper, inserting more,
until half of his foreman disappeared into Barbara's stretched open
asshole. He could feel the bottom of her rectum with his fingers.
Barbara was nearly insane with her moaning,..... "oh God,... oh,
God.....yes,....yes, fuck my ass."

Then he closed his hand making a fist inside her giving him a little
more room to make an even deeper entry. Again he pushed and another
three inches of arm entered Barbara's ass. It almost looked like he had
his whole arm inside Barbara. Her asshole had to be stretched four
inches across to accommodate the thick fleshy part of his arm that
approached his elbow. Then with his other hand he flicked Barbara's
clit a couple times and she went wild into an earthshattering orgasm
that nearly ripped her body apart. She screamed at him to fuck her
asshole harder while her body twitched and rocked while impaled on his
arm.

"FUCK MY ASSHOLE."........ "Ram it in my ass, harder,.... harder." He
pulled back out of her ass a little and rammed it home up her anal
chute until he hit bottom again. Then again he pumped his arm up her
butt bottoming out deep in her ass. He repeated his anal fist fuck into
Barbara's ass over and over slamming his fist as far as it would go,
forcing it until he hit the soft flesh in the deepest part of her
rectum. Ramming her asshole like this was so arousing he was in a
frenzy too and ready to cum. He ripped his arm out of Barbara's ass.
Barbara screamed from the instant surge of pain as his fist passed
through her sphincter so abruptly. He grabbed his cock quickly moving
to her head and dumped his load all over her face. What a load it was
too? She was drenched in thick sperm. She actually had to wipe some
from around her nose in order to breath without sniffing the gooey
stuff in.

Meanwhile her asshole was still wide open staring at the other two
black men. It looked so inviting that they both went up to her ass and
both shoved their ten inch cocks in at the same time. Barbara was
getting double teamed. Two black cocks anally fucking her at the same
time. They pumped her as best they could with both inside. But it was
only seconds and they began creaming inside her asshole. When they
finished and pulled out her anal hole had a reservoir of cum contained
inside. One of them stuffed his fingers in scooping out a few
fingersful of the combined cum load. Then he offered it Barbara. "Like
to have a taste of us, honey," he asked extending his fingers dripping
with cum. Barbara opened her mouth and accepted his offering of the
several varieties of sperm enhanced with the taste of her own ass.

She had finished with the third group. There was only one more group to
go, plus she promised Jake and his friend another fuck too. She
couldn't wait for the next group even though her cunt and ass were full
of jib and she'd lost track of how much cum she had eaten. Only her ass
hurt a little. Actually, her ass hurt on the inside. The one black man
really had fucked her hard and deep with his fist. She really didn't
want to be anally fucked anymore today. Hopefully she could just suck
the rest of them off or let them cunt fuck her.

Awhile went by and no one else was showing up. Barbara was wondering
what the delay was. Jake poked his head from around the rear of the van
telling her it was lunch time and the last group would be here once the
guards let the inmates go back to work. Barbara stretched out on the
blanket relaxing. Her insides were beginning to hurt a little more. But
as she rested she began feeling a little better.




Chapter 7

The next group finally arrived and they stripped down right away.
Barbara surveyed what they to offer as they all stroked themselves
eyeing up Barbara's body. And she still looked great even after having
serviced fifteen cocks already. Four of this group seemed to have
average size cocks about eight ten inches, if that could be considered
average. But the last one had the longest piece of meat she's ever seen
hanging down in front of him. It was so long and big that it couldn't
possibly stand out straight and erect. From his groin it hung down
almost to his knee. Barbara couldn't take her eyes off it and he
noticed her eyeing it up. "What's a matter, there, cutie?" "Ain't never
seen anything that big, huh?"

Barbara looked away and grabbed two of the other cocks and started
sucking. She did her normal swallowing routine which drove them wild
and soon she had two more mouthfuls of hot black sperm. Then she
started on the third one engulfing his shaft deep into her throat.
While she sucked his meat the fourth went behind Barbara placing his
cock in her crack. Barbara stopped her sucking asking the other not to
fuck her in the ass as she already was quite sore. That didn't make him
too happy. "Hey, bitch." "I wanna fuck your ass too, like the others
did."

Barbara had to do some fast thinking because he was ready to drive his
tool up her ass regardless of what she wanted. "Listen, I'll tell you
what." Barbara said. "Let me just suck you off. Then when were all
done, you know what I'll let you do?"

"What's that," he replied in a very unhappy tone.

"Ever piss in anyone's mouth?" "You can piss in mine, and I'll swallow
it." "I'll do it for all five of you." "I just don't want it in the ass
anymore today." "Okay?"

"You got a deal, honey," he replied coming around front to let Barbara
started sucking him to. Fives minutes later Barbara had two more loads
of sperm flying into her face and in her mouth. She swallowed what she
could, but a lot wound up on her face and in her hair.

Now there was just one left to go. But what a one it was. Barbara
stared at this black cock hanging so massive in front of this inmate.
How would she ever handle this cock. Surely he wouldn't be expecting
her to take it down her throat. It couldn't possibly fit. It might rip
her throat open. If he fucked in the cunt, how much would fit?
Certainly not all of it. For the first time Barbara was actually
nervous and a little frightened.

The big black man walked up to Barbara and to her surprise turned
around sticking his ass into her face. "Go ahead, you sweet little
thing." "If you're gonna drink piss, you must lick assholes too."
"Lemme feel that hot young tongue in my ass." It kind of caught Barbara
off guard. She was only thinking about how she would handle sucking his
big cock. But she did his bidding. She spread his black ass cheeks
exposing his crack and anus. She stared at his ass. He wasn't very
clean back there. She hesitated and that brought a response from the
big guy.

"C'mon cunt, you expect I'd take a shower before I come out here." "Now
dig in, give you something to taste anyways."

Barbara leaned forward and shoved her tongue in his crack. She started
licking and tonguing his asshole giving him a rimming while cleaning
his ass of the dried caked residue stuck all over his crack and buried
deep in his hidden crevice. When the taste settled in her brain, she
realized what a gross thing she was doing and Barbara thought she'd
puke all over his ass. But she controlled herself and continued rimming
him until he pulled away from her face.

Then he turned around and offered his prize piece of meat to her.
Barbara took hold of his giant black cock using two hands to hold it
and work the skin back and forth keeping him hard. Then she took the
head in her mouth. It was gigantic. The head alone nearly filled her
mouth and she had to stretch her lips wide open to accommodate its
size. She had two inches in her mouth and already she felt full and
that no more would fit. She sucked on the head and licked it hoping her
efforts would make him cum right away. But that was not going to be
sufficient for this big black man.

"C,mon there honey, you can do better than that."

Barbara told him, " It's so big, that's all I can do."

"Bullshit," he yelled. "I've seen you in action and your a pretty damn
hot cunt. I've never had my cock down anyone's throat and you're
probably my best chance to have it done. And you're gonna do it or I'll
do it to you."

Before Barbara could respond he told the others, "hold her for me." The
other four held Barbara as she knelt. Two took her by the shoulders
while the other two pulled her head back. Then the big black man
straddled her head with his cock hanging over Barbara's mouth. For the
first time she was scared of a cock. It was tremendous hanging over her
mouth and she was frightened at what he was going to do to her. He
yelled at Barbara to open up....... and she did. His big black tool
entered Barbara's quivering frightened mouth and hit the back of her
throat as he pushed it in. Perhaps three inches were in her mouth with
more than a foot of meat to go and the biggest thickest part still was
outside her mouth. This was not going to be pleasant.

He began lowering himself pushing into Barbara's throat. She was being
held tight by the others so she couldn't back away. The head of his
cock began forcing open her gullet. It stretched wider than ever
before. Barbara was becoming afraid he might split her throat open, but
somehow it stretched and stretched and she could feel the big head of
his cock squeezing in and moving down. He pushed on and went deeper.
His cock was extremely hot squeezing down the tight walls of her throat
and despite its length it was incredibly hard and rigid. Still he
pushed downward except now she no longer felt the engorged head of his
massive tool. It must have passed beyond her tight entrance and now she
just felt the giant shaft pushing and penetrating deeper and deeper as
it slid through the tight confines of her throat.

Barbara opened her eyes hoping to see he was in all the way, but still
there had to another six or seven inches to go. She thought for sure
his cock would reach her stomach it was so long. He pushed more again
and Barbara's gag reflex tightened on his cock, but she was unable to
expel the massive intrusion in her. Barbara wasn't going to make it
this time. She was ready to pass out. She wanted to gag but couldn't
and she needed air real soon. He pushed down more and Barbara felt his
balls on her chin. He did it, she did it. He stuffed all of his fifteen
inch cock down her throat. "Oh, fuckin' A," he yelled out. "This
bitch's got a deeeeep throat." Barbara was getting dizzy and her throat
felt like it would burst apart. She was becoming frantic trying to push
him out of her mouth, but he was locked in her throat tight and loved
it. It was the greatest feeling he ever had. He had his fifteen inch
black cock in a beautiful white cunts' throat. Even his black
girlfriends couldn't do that.

He felt Barbara begin to go limp and he pulled his cock out. It slipped
from deep with in Barbara like a giant snake emerging from her throat.
She gasped for air sucking a huge quantity to stem her from passing
out. But, no sooner had he cleared her lips and cum started gushing
from him. There was more cum than Barbara could handle. She was still
recovering, gasping for air and still half gagging from her throat
being so severely stretched and stuffed. But the cum flowed and flowed
fast, before Barbara could react. Her mouth filled almost instantly
with sticky cream and her gasping sucked it down her throat making her
choke on it. Trying to clear her throat, the jism sprayed from her
mouth onto her face as she coughed. Still he was cumming, giant streams
pouring from his black throbbing meat. Barbara's face was becoming
saturated as cum collected in her hair, her eyes and across her
forehead. He moved his cock to her cheeks and deposited heavy amounts
there until it began dripping down towards her chin. Barbara opened her
mouth again to breath and he sunk his cock in spasming the remaining
sperm left in him. He pulled out and Barbara swallowed, but her face
was covered in jib. He stood up and stepped back from Barbara. "Great
throat, honey." "Knew you could do it."

Barbara was exhausted and covered in sperm. She lay there awhile trying
to regain her composure. Her throat felt like it was on fire. It felt
like she still had his meat stuck in her. Then she remembered what
promise she had made earlier. She wasn't done yet by a long shot. And
the five inmates didn't forget either. She had to rest for a little
while longer. But a minute is all she got. They stood there waiting for
Barbara to live up to her end of the bargain. She was going to have to
drink their piss. That was what she offered them. She motioned for them
to move closer and they walked back over toward her. When all five
approached her, she looked up at then and opened her mouth offering
herself, her face, her mouth as their urinal.

One at time they took their turn standing over Barbara's open mouth and
urinated in it. By the time the fourth one finished pissing in her
mouth, her face was pretty drenched. Their aim wasn't the best.
Barbara's stomach was a bit upset too. She had swallowed a lot of cum
and now four bladders of piss with one still to go. That one left was
the guy with the big cock too. Well it was his turn now and he walked
up to Barbara. She open her mouth for him and he placed his long but
flaccid tool just in her mouth with the head resting on her tongue.
"Wanna make sure you get all of it." "Don't wanna waste any." "Ain't
that right, honey?" His piss stream started and flowed right across
Barbara's tongue to the back of her throat. She swallowed as her mouth
filled and the warm flow of urine continued. She swallowed and
swallowed keeping up with his piss as he emptied his full bladder in
her eager piss drinkin' mouth. Finally drained, he removed his cock.
"You ARE good, honey pie." "Never met a piss drinkin' slut before."
Then they all dressed and were gone. Only Jake and his friend remained
behind.

Barbara, Jake and his friend sat there a bit. Then she looked toward
them seeing they were waiting for more.

"Listen guys," Barbara said. "I know I promised you guys some more, but
I'm really not up to it right now. How about a raincheck."

"No way," Jake said. "No way." "But I'll tell you what. We'll settle
for a simple blow job, if you'll do one more thing so we can watch."

"What's that," Barbara asked.

"See that horse over there in the field. I wanna see you suck it off."

"Are you serious??????" Barbara replied.

"Fuck yeah," Jake answered back. "The way I figure, you'd suck anybody
or anything." "I think you'd suck off that horse rather than let us
fuck you in the ass again."

There was silence for awhile. Her ass was sore and especially her
insides. She was going to remember that anal fisting for a long time.
Then Barbara answered Jake. "Go get the horse."

"Son of a bitch." "She's gonna do it."

Jake's friend returned a couple minutes later with the horse and
brought him behind the van. Barbara reluctantly knelt down alongside
the animal and reached for the horse's cock. She grabbed it with one
hand and began pulling on it. After about a minute it started to grow.
And it kept on growing until Barbara needed two hands to hold it. The
horsecock grew to over three feet long. Using both hands she massaged
its' cock and Barbara could feel it stiffen and become rock hard.

"Don't be afraid of it," Jake commented. "Lick it. Put it in your
mouth."

Barbara whispered to herself, "I don't believe I'm doing this."

Barbara brought the horse cock to her mouth and licked the head. It
smelled terrible and tasted just as bad. Nonetheless, she licked across
the top portion of the big thick shaft. The end of the horse cock had
to be nearly four inches thick and got thicker further down the shaft.
She kept licking it and then took the head to her lips and pushed it
against her mouth tonguing it some more. When she removed it, it
glistened from her saliva and she wasn't so sure she like the idea of
sucking on this horse's dick.

"Rub it on your cunt, Barbara." Jake demanded.

At this point Barbara really didn't care what she did anymore. She had
degraded herself even beyond her own imagination. She had just put a
horse cock in her mouth for the entertainment of her kidnappers. She
stood up and put the hard horse cock between her legs rubbing it across
her wet gash. She pushed her slit back and forth across the hard shaft.
The roughness of its' cock was making her pussy tingle. She continued
stroking the hard meat on her slit until eventually Barbara was getting
excited. The hard meat scraping on her clit was turning her on. It was
so large and hard, it felt so good. She closed her eyes and started to

forget what she was really doing. Then in her frenzy of playing with
her cunt using this beasts' hard meat she pushed hard and the horse
cock slipped into her cunt hole. She let out moan, "oh, God it feels
good." She humped the end of the fat cock a couple times in and out of
her cunt and then fell to her knees in orgasm while stuffing the horse
cock in her mouth. Her eyes were still closed as she held the animal's
shaft between her lips and kneaded it, stroked it and massaged the long
shaft with both hands. For five minutes she worked hard and fast, then
harder and faster continually increasing the pace. She was determined
to make the horse cum. She sucked hard slurping the horse's meat in her
mouth. Then a tremendous gush of white thick cream emerged from around
the horse's cock through Barbara's lips. The horse was cumming,
blasting her mouth with an ocean of horse sperm. It flew all over
Barbara as she couldn't handle the huge quantity of cum. She back off
in reflex and got drenched in the next spasm as it hit her in the face
covering her instantly. Horse sperm was running off her face and down
her chest. She opened her mouth and caught some of the next huge spurt.
That mouthful she swallowed gulping it down. Jake went wild seeing
that. "Fuck, she's eating it. She swallowed the fuckin' horse's cum."
"Fuck."

The animal's orgasm stopped, but Barbara was covered in horse jib that
it just ejaculated. The two black men were so turned on they were
jerking themselves off and eventually they starting cumming. They shot
their cream at Barbara's face. Their sperm spurted out joining the cum
from the horse that already covered her body. Barbara was some sight.
Sperm covered her body from her beautiful face down her breasts and
chest, her legs were splattered with the white stuff and cum oozed from
her cunt and asshole. Her whole body reaked from the smell of dried
piss and her hair was straggly and matted from the combination of sperm
and urine. She was a slut in every respect.

She was supposed to star in a porno movie. She wondered what they would
think of her if they knew what she did today. Swallowing sperm and anal
sex was standard in the porno field. But what about drinking urine and
actually liking piss flowing down her throat. And what about sucking
off a horse. She really did swallow its' sperm. And she fucked the
horse's cock too and enjoyed it. If they found out they certainly would
see her as the lowliest whore and slut ever. Barbara dressed and Jake
drove back to where they first picked her up. Barbara headed home.




Chapter 8

The day finally arrived. Today was the day Barbara would be in her
first porno movie. She was up early to dress and put on make-up and had
to be at the studio by nine AM. She was excited at the thought of
having sex in front of a camera. How great this was she thought,
fucking and getting paid to do it. She left early, anxious to get there
and arrived early at the studio.

After a short wait she met the director, John, and he described how the
scenes would take place and what Barbara would be expected to do. She
was in a scene with two other porn stars, Mark and Lisa. Mark was a
very handsome tall man of maybe twenty five. He had slender build, yet
still somewhat muscular. Barbara was looking forward to getting some of
his cock. Lisa was extremely attractive with a great figure of 36-22-
34. She had beautiful curly brown hair down to her shoulders. Barbara
admired how firm Lisa's breasts were, although not quite as large as
Barbara's. And Lisa had a real nice rounded ass. She wondered how many
times Lisa had been fucked there.

Barbara was to play the part of the newly hired maid who walks in on
her new employers in bed making love. Barbara understood exactly what
to do as the director instructed her. But first she was off to the
dressing room for make-up and her costume. She received a skimpy little
black maid outfit that showed off Barbara's gorgeous legs. Of she got a
tight fitting pair of panties to wear that exposed most of her cute
ass. The black lacey top was nearly see through and with no bra to wear
under it her nipples were easily visible. The girl fixing her face put
plenty of lipstick on Barbara's lips and arranged her hair flowing
nicely across her face and shoulders. Barbara was gorgeous, just what
any man would want in a maid. The kind of maid that you didn't care if
she knew how to make the bed, only that she knew what to do on it, that
being to fuck.

Well, Barbara was ready. Everyone was in their place and ready to go to
film this scene. Barbara started doing her dusting and cleaning thing
through the upstairs hallway. She opened the door to the bedroom and
there was Mark and Lisa on the bed in a sixty-nine position with Lisa
furiously sucking Mark's eight inch cock. Barbara watched awhile
eventually starting to stroke her fingers in her own crotch. Then she
slipped one of her tits out of her skimpy outfit exposing an already
hard nipple to the camera. She began playing with it, squeezing it
making it obvious she was turned on by the activity in the bedroom.
Then she removed her top completely freeing her 38 inch breasts while
she continued watching and massaging her chest. Then her bottom fell
away showing off her shapely legs and she pulled panties down stepping
out of them. Barbara watched Lisa nearly deep throating Mark's cock
now. Her hand worked harder in her crotch, her fingers penetrating her
now wet slit.

Quietly she walked into the bedroom and crawled onto the end of the bed
between Mark's legs. Lisa looked up quickly, a little startled, but
continued her cocksucking. Barbara moved in closer caressing Mark's
legs moving up to his inner thighs. Barbara followed with her tongue up
Mark's thighs ultimately reaching his groin area. She extended her
tongue licking Mark's balls while Lisa kept sucking her lover's cock.
Barbara then moved her head closer carefully sucking his balls one at a
time into her mouth, then gently letting them pop out for the camera to
see them wet with her saliva. She repeated the process, not just
sucking his balls in and out for the sake of the movie, but giving Mark
an incredible lustful ballsucking. On camera it was an incredible scene
seeing Barbara eating Mark's nut sack getting a good taste of his
scrotum.

Then she went down lower underneath Mark's sack letting her tongue
wander across the skin under his balls. She worked her tongue teasingly
lower and lower until she entered Mark's asscrack. She playfully licked
around his crack before giving him a tonguing on his asshole. Mark
didn't expect that, an anal lick wasn't in the scene script. But he
wasn't about to object to a beautiful blonde licking on his asshole. If
that's what Barbara wanted to do, then it was fine by him. After
tasting his ass, Barbara got up and Lisa turned around to mount herself
on Mark's stiff erect cock.

Lisa impaled herself on Mark's cock and began fucking herself with his
shaft. Then Barbara turned her attentions on Lisa's exposed rear end.
Barbara never had any relations with another female. This was going to
her first lesbian experience. Barbara looked at Lisa's asshole just
above Mark's pistoning cock penetrating Lisa's slit. It was so nice and
tight. Her puckered anus was staring Barbara in the face begging to be
eaten. Barbara placed her hands on Lisa's asscheeks spreading her apart
slightly while watching Mark's cock sliding in and out of Lisa's cunt.

Barbara first starting licking Lisa's cute asscheeks gradually moving
closer to her crack. Then she moved inside her crack running her tongue
through Lisa's back crevice. Finally, she gave a long lick, deep
through Lisa's asscrack going across her asshole. Lisa moaned out loud
from the incredible sensation as she neared an orgasm. Feeling Mark's
cock deep in her cunt and her asshole getting tongued by Barbara was
going to make her cum very soon. Barbara buried her face in Lisa's
crack as she continued her anal licking. Barbara was getting excited
too. How sweet and soft Lisa's ass was compared the many men she had
done. The skin was so soft on her cheeks and Lisa's asshole was so warm
and tender to touch with her tongue. Barbara couldn't help herself but
to bury her face deep and get a real good taste of her female lover.

Her tongue worked hard on Lisa's puckered asshole pushing against it,
licking it, tasting it. She pulled harder on Lisa's asscheeks spreading
her wider. Then taking her fingers, Barbara pushed them in to Lisa's
anal hole and with both hands began pulling her hole open. Barbara
pulled on Lisa's anus until it stretched open to her. Now Barbara had
Lisa's asshole exposed, opened, gaping wide for her inspection. But
inspecting and admiring wasn't what Barbara had in mind. Down she went
again inserting her tongue inside Lisa's ass. Barbara licked her open
hole tasting the musky slim on the inside of Lisa's rectum. Lisa went
wild in an orgasm tightening and clenching her cheeks. Barbara kept
buried in her hole letting Lisa experience an anal tongue fuck while
her body shook from the orgasm. Then Mark began to explode inside
Lisa's cunt. Lisa was delirious in an unending orgasm. All her body
felt was a tongue probing her asshole, licking inside her rectum and a
cock throbbing in her cunt, dumping hot sperm deep in her womb.

When her orgasm finally subsided Barbara backed off and Lisa dismounted
Mark. Barbara sat there licking her lips for the camera showing how
much she enjoyed licking and eating another female's asshole. Lisa
still lay there trying to calm herself and become relaxed after
shuddering so much from the incredible orgasm that just rocked her
body. It was a movie, but what she just experienced was real. Never had
she experienced such a sensation. Who was this new uninhibited girl
Barbara. This wasn't how the movie was supposed to go. What other wild
nasty things does she do? This was no longer just a movie. What was
being filmed was now real. Barbara wasn't acting, she liked what she
was doing and wanted to do it.

Barbara laid back on the bed and Lisa began returning the favor licking
Barbara's cunt. Meanwhile Mark kneeled over Barbara's face letting her
suck his cock making it hard again. Then Mark replaced Lisa between
Barbara's legs burying his cock in her cunt. Mark fucked her hard and
deep pumping her wet slit until he came inside Barbara filling her hole
with his second load of sperm for the day. Mark pulled out and little
cum starting trickling from Barbara cunt.

Lisa, having left the bedroom while Mark fucked Barbara, returned back
between Barbara's legs only now she had gotten a banana from the
kitchen. Lisa was going to show Barbara that she could improvise and
get into some kinky sex too. Lisa knelt on the bed showing Barbara the
banana as she slowly peeled it. When she finished, Lisa took the peeled
banana and placed it on Barbara's slit. It was cool on Barbara's hot
moist cunt entrance. Lisa twisted it and turned it around collecting
some of Mark's fresh cum on the end of the banana. Then Lisa pushed
lightly penetrating Barbara's cunt with the fruit. Barbara relaxed
taking a deep breath as she felt the banana enter her hole. Lisa pushed
more inside. It slipped in easily from the cum coating inside Barbara's
cunt. Lisa pushed even more until half the banana was inside. Barbara
was squirming with the pleasure of feeling the cold banana being
inserted in her hot cunt.

Lisa continued fucking Barbara with the banana. She pushed more inside
going deeper into Barbara's wet hole. Now only the tip of the banana
was left showing from Barbara's slit. Then with her fingers Lisa pushed
the last remaining exposed piece of banana into Barbara's fuckhole. It
was gone, buried deep inside Barbara. Barbara moaned how great it felt.
"Oh God, it feels so good, it feels so good." Lisa then found Barbara's
clit with her fingers and massaged it bringing Barbara to a new
heightened sense of pleasure. Lisa kept fingering her, feeling her clit
grow harder. She grabbed Barbara's clit between her fingers massaging
it harder, squeezing it, pinching it, making Barbara squirm
uncontrollably on the bed. Lisa maintained her masturbation of
Barbara's hard clit knowing soon an orgasm would begin. Lisa then put
her other hand on Barbara cunt and pushing on it, making the banana go
deeper hitting the bottom most part of her cunt. That caused Barbara
finally to loose control, tense and tighten her body, clamping her legs
together in a violent orgasm with the banana still deep up her hole. It
seemed like Barbara would orgasm all day. Her body kept shaking and
shuddering as the orgasm rippled through her. Just when it seemed like
she was coming out of it another wave rocked her through her body.
Barbara was cumming over and over in multiple orgasms one after
another.

When Barbara's orgasms eventually subsided, Lisa went back to Barbara's
slit. She spread her cunt lips pulling them apart wide until she could
see the tip of the banana. Barbara's hole was dripping wet from the her
own fresh cunt juices that were mixed with Mark's sperm. Lisa's went
down on Barbara sucking on her hole. After licking up the overflow of
juices Lisa sucked hard on Barbara cunt. The banana began coming out.
It glistened with sperm and cunt cream. Lisa bite off the end of the
banana eating the creamy coated piece of fruit. Then she sucked some
more out while Barbara wiggled her hips from the sensation of the
banana slipping out of her hole. Lisa ate the cum and the cunt cream
coated banana piece by piece as it passed out of Barbara's hole until
it was all gone. Barbara lay on the bed rubbing her banana fucked hole
and tasting her fingers of what remained of the flavored cum and cunt
juice. Lisa licked her lips thoroughly having enjoyed her creamed
banana. Mark just watched enjoying the show.

The three lay back on the bed in each others arms. Barbara the maid has
found some new duties to add to her daily list. The scene was over.
Barbara had finished her first movie. Once Barbara dressed she stopped
to see John, the director, in his office to see how she did. She
knocked on his door and went in. He was alone in the office.

"I was just curious what you thought of me," she asked.

"You were great," John replied. "I've never seen anyone suck on balls
like you did." "And you really enjoyed licking Lisa's asshole, didn't
you?"

"Yes, I did," Barbara responded smiling.

Barbara glanced down and saw John's bulge in his pants. "Am I doing
that to you," she asked. John just smiled back at Barbara. Barbara put
her hand to John's crotch feeling his hard shaft. "Would you like me to
take care of that for you?" Barbara asked. She didn't wait for an
answer, she just dropped to her knees and unbuckled and unzipped him.
His cock sprang free standing at full attention. She sucked him into
her mouth giving John the best head he's had in a long time. Then she
licked his balls like she did with Mark only a hour earlier. John just
moaned his delight to Barbara. "You're fuckin' incredible, Barbara."
"What a good cocksucker you are."

Once Barbara finished bathing his balls, she returned to sucking his
hard tool. She took it deeper and deeper until she stuffed all of his
ten inch prick down her throat. Barbara sucked knowing she wanted to
feel his sperm running, gushing down her throat. John could tell she
wasn't going to stop until he unloaded in her mouth. He knew he didn't
have to ask if she wanted it in her mouth either. It was obvious to him
that Barbara was an experienced cocksucker and cum eater. John looked
down at Barbara's beautiful face swallowing his cock and relished in
the thought of his cumming in her beautiful mouth, cumming deep in her
throat, cumming deep down making her swallow all of his load.

Barbara was an expert on making a man cum. She swallowed John's cock
again and again, and deep, until his balls rested on her chin. She held
him down there and looked up at John. She gave a little smile and with
her face impaled with cock, she began tightening her throat on it. That
was enough for John. Feeling Barbara tightening her throat muscles
clutching his shaft was all it took. The sperm started flowing down
Barbara's throat. His cock throbbed spurting into Barbara's mouth and
down her throat. He held Barbara's blonde head to his groin while he
unloaded the contents of his balls directly into Barbara. When he
finished, Barbara pulled off licking the head of John's cock cleaning
up what little sperm was left.

"Thanks," Barbara said. "I needed that. I love a hot load of cum in my
mouth." John was spent from the fantastic suck Barbara just gave him.
Barbara stood up and walked out heading home.




        Chapter 9

Barbara took a leisurely drive towards home, daydreaming about how much
fun she had doing her first movie. But still, she wasn't satisfied, at
least not sexually. Over the past few weeks her appetite for the
bizarre sexual gratification had grown to where normal fucking and
sucking weren't sufficiently stimulating to her. Yes the movie was
exciting and fun to do, but she needed more to satisfy her. She didn't
know exactly what it was she needed, but her body lusted for more cock,
more sperm, more excitement.

She saw an adult book shop on the side of the road and thought about
buying a large dildo. How nice a big cock would feel once she got home,
even if it wasn't real. Barbara pulled over into the parking lot and
went inside the shop. It was 2:00 o'clock and only a few cars were in
the lot. She felt a little awkward going into the sex shop dressed the
way she was. Her short tight skirt that showed off her long legs and
the halter top that exposed allot of her breasts made her look rather
whorish. But she thought it would be a quick in and out just to buy a
toy to play with.

Once she got inside there were two men at the counter by the register.
One was a somewhat heavy black man, rather scruffy looking, unshaven,
and wearing dirty old clothes. The other man was black too, only he was
tall and much younger more of a clean cut teenager. There was a third
man in the room adjacent where the movie booths were, but Barbara
couldn't see him because it was so dimly lit.

Barbara walked into the store where the books were sold and hanging on
the wall was an assortment of sex toys including various sizes and
shapes of dildos. After a few minutes deciding what to buy and feeling
the eyes behind the counter fixed on her, Barbara chose a long twelve
inch black rubber dick. She brought it up to the counter to pay.

"Hey, baby," the big burly black man said. "I'm George." "Why does a
beautiful lady like you have to buy a rubber dick?" "Wouldn't you
rather have a real one?" Barbara didn't say a word. There was a moment
of silence. "I see you like a black one too, huh?" Again Barbara said
nothing. "Hey Ray, George called to his helper." "Look at this, the
young lady likes black dicks." Ray stood there waiting to see what
Barbara was going to do next as George keep teasing her. "Listen
honey," George replied. "Mine is a big as that, and looking at you is
making it grow." George walked around in front of the counter while
Barbara finally spoke up to him. "Can't I just pay for this?" Barbara
asked. Now George stood right next to Barbara. "You know,...... I think
you want a nice hard, hot, black cock, don't you?" Barbara remain dead
silent again.

George placed his rough hands on Barbara's shoulders staring directing
into her eyes. Still Barbara didn't say a word. She was getting excited
though. She knew he was going to force himself on her. And she was
going to let him. She was even getting wet between her legs thinking
about his cock and Ray's too. Was this the excitement she was looking
for, being treated like a common street whore. George pushed on her
shoulders forcing her down and she allowed him to do so. She went to
her knees in front of him. She could see the bulge in his pants and
knew he had a lot to offer her. George pulled her face to his crotch
and she could feel his hard shaft on the other side of his trousers.
She backed away, looked up at him, then reached to unzip him. Barbara
pulled out his eleven inches of black meat already hard and ready for
her. She gave the black head a quick kiss and suck, then stood up
beginning to remove her clothes. While she undressed she stared at
George saying, "I hope you're good at using that thing." George smiled,
"don't you worry honey, there's plenty here to take care of you."

Barbara finished undressing while George stripped too. Then he grabbed
hold of Barbara's delicate 38" breasts with both of his rough hands. He
squeezed them feeling Barbara up. She closed her eyes letting him
manhandle her prize possessions. He was rough with her, squeezing,
pinching and pulling on her tits. It hurt a little, but she let him
have his way. Her nipples began to grow hard, so he grabbed them
between his fingers. Barbara became more excited as he played with her
erect nipples. Then suddenly, ""pain"" screamed through her body.
George pinched her nipples between his fingers hard, real hard. He
squeezed with all his might keeping Barbara wincing with the pain as it
continued traveling through her. She cried out to him to stop trying to
pull away, but that only made it worse. His grip was firm on her
hardened nipples. Her tits were filled with excruciating pain. Barbara
looked at George. He had a smile on his face enjoying Barbara's pain.
Then he let go and bent to suck her breasts and nipples. They were hard
as rocks protruding from her tits.

Barbara then resumed her position kneeling, sucking George. By this
time, Ray wanted in too, so he began peeling his clothes off. When Ray
finished undressing, Barbara was already taking most of George's cock
down her throat. George was holding her head and fucking her face, his
cock sliding in and out of Barbara's mouth. Then Barbara would open her
throat letting him push down and she would help by grabbing his
buttocks pulling him towards her taking his big black tool deeper and
deeper until she swallowed the whole thing. Ray couldn't believe what
he was seeing and George was moaning how great it felt. "God, this
bitch is hot." "What a sweet deep throat you got, baby." George kept
cramming his cock down Barbara's throat until finally he let loose and
starting cumming. Barbara forced his cock deep so she could feel his
spasming cock in her throat as it throbbed filling her belly with his
hot black jib.

Once George finished and pulled out, Ray took his turn with Barbara. He
pushed her down on hands and knees and planted his ten inches up her
cunt. He rode Barbara for awhile until she begged for it in the ass. "I
got to have it in the ass." "Fuck me in the ass, please." Ray was more
than happy to stick his aching cock up Barbara's asshole. Once he
placed his cock on her anal entrance, he easily penetrated her fully,
planting his black cock all the way up her back chute. Then he fucked
her hard, ramming himself over and over up her asshole. Barbara
starting panting from the fast assfucking she was getting and she was
getting close to cumming herself. She begged Ray for it harder. "Fuck
me harder." "Ram me harder." "That's it, that's it, fuck my asshole."
"Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!" Barbara started cumming and Ray began pumping
sperm in her ass. In her splendor she could feel the jets of jism
striking the inside of her ass. His cock felt so hot, his creamy sperm
felt so wonderfully warm and his balls were like fire as they rested on
the skin of her soft buttocks. Finally Ray finished filling her rectum
and pulled out leaving Barbara resting on the floor.

George was not about let Barbara go, he wasn't finished with her yet.
She was the hottest thing that ever walked into his store. As she lay
on the floor, he attached a collar and chain to her neck. She was now
his slave awaiting his orders, awaiting his commands, ready to perform
any whim he may think.

Once Barbara sat up she realized that she was bound by the neck and on
a least like a dog. George saw she recovered from the assfucking and
told Barbara what he had in mind. "Can't let you go yet, my love."
"You're what I've always dream of, my own personal slut." "You'll be
with us for the rest of the day."

Barbara just sat there, not in any sort of position to do anything
about her predicament. "So what were you going to do with this big
twelve inch dildo?" George asked. Then he opened up the package and
held the rubber cock in front of Barbara's face. He pushed the end of
it in her mouth letting her get it wet with her saliva. Then George
rolled Barbara over on her stomach. He put the big black rubber cock in
her asscrack and started rubbing up and down her back crevice. "Kneel
up," he ordered. Barbara got up on hands and knees. George took the
massive fake cock and twisted it around her anal hole until the head
pushed in. Barbara let out a deep groan. He pushed inward maintaining a
force driving it deeper up her asshole. He continued on determined to
fully inserted the rubber cock in her rectum. He pushed it in until all
twelve inches had penetrated her anal hole. Only a tiny portion
remained sticking out of her ass. "You like it up the ass don't you?"
George asked Barbara. Barbara just kept moaning. But George was right,
she did like up her asshole. It was big and hard and made her feel so
aroused. "Now you keep it in there until I say you can take it out."
George commanded.

George then took the leash and began leading Barbara toward the
backroom. "Crawl, bitch," he told her not letting her stand. Barbara
crawled on hands and knees behind him. Once they entered the back room
Barbara saw the third man that she had seen when she entered the store.
He was an older black man, apparently working there cleaning up the
booths from all the men that watched the xxx rated films and
masturbated. "Her Jasper, lookie here." Jasper didn't talk, he just
turned around, looked at Barbara and began undoing his zipper. Barbara
then realized that Jasper was mentally retarded, but he knew a good
looking white woman when he saw one. "C'mon cunt," George said leading
Barbara by the leash, "looks like Jasper likes you." He led Barbara up
to Jasper as he took out his black cock and stroked it. He was beating
his meat pretty fast aimed right at Barbara face. Jasper had been
working in the back room and was pretty sweaty. As Barbara got closer
she could smell his body odor. His hygiene obviously was very poor for
he smelled like he hadn't seen a shower in months.

As Barbara crawled closer his pants dropped to the floor. Jasper's cock
was maybe nine inches long but his balls were immense. He continued
jerking his meat toward Barbara as she got closer. The dildo in
Barbara's ass was beginning to work its' way out as she crawled. George
reached down pushing it swiftly back up her asshole. He hit the rubber
cock hard jamming it in Barbara's ass. The force of it hitting deep in
her rectum made her lunge forward right into Jasper's crotch. His
crotch reeked making Barbara turn her head. "Looks like Jasper wants to
give you a face full," George remarked. George pushed Barbara face to
Jasper's cock and it hit her lips. The stench was incredible. "C'mon
cunt, open up. Jasper's never been sucked off before." "You'll get used
to his smell." Barbara took Jasper's black smelly cock in her mouth.
She sucked it and tongued it. It tasted unbelievably foul. Barbara
thought she might heave her guts up. "Clean them big balls too." George
added. Barbara just kept the cock in her mouth. George yanked on the
leash, "let's go you filthy fuckin whore, suck them balls too." Barbara
spit out Jasper's cock and started licking his sweaty dirty balls.
George pushed her face against Jasper making Barbara suck his big balls
into her mouth. Then she released them and licked his crotch of all the
sweaty smelly scum that was encrusted between his legs. George didn't
let Barbara go until he saw that Jasper was ready to blow his load.
Suddenly sperm erupted from his cock splashing into Barbara's face.
Jasper's load of cum was huge, covering her face with spurt after spurt
of hot thick gunk. Then he rubbed his black tool over Barbara smearing
his load around making certain every inch of her face had a coating of
his hot cream.

"C'mon bitch, let's see what else we can find for you." George led
Barbara around the movie room looking in the various movie booths.
"Hey, look what we have here." George had opened one of the booths and
the floor was covered in sticky sperm. Jasper hadn't yet cleaned this
one. The floor was an ocean of cum from the previous viewers jerking
off while they watched the porno movies. "Get in there and crawl around
in that jib," George ordered. Barbara did as she was told. She crawled
into the movie booth. She could feel the sticky gooey substance on the
floor as it stuck to her hands and knees. "Lay down in it, slut."
George was making Barbara act out and feel what it was really like to
be a cum hungry slut. What woman would obey orders to crawl and wallow
around in a dirty cum infested adult shop. Barbara laid down on the
floor feeling the slimy sperm on her gorgeous legs and soft buttocks.
It was slippery and she kept sliding around on the cum covered floor.

"Look at that," my dear, "a snack." George pointed under the bench in
the booth to a condom on the floor. "Go ahead, eat it." Barbara looked
at him. She had done allot of disgusting things, but this was the
ultimate. Was he really expecting her eat the slimy old cum from a used
condom of an unknown man. Was it a white man or a black man's sperm.
How long had it been laying there? She reached for the used condom
picking it up from the floor. It was still warm and full of sperm.
Actually, there was allot of cum in it. Whoever filled this condom had
released a pretty big load. "Drink it down." George ordered. " I know
you want it, so eat it." "We both know you're a cum eating whore, so go
ahead." Barbara took the rubber and brought it to her mouth. Then
looking up at George and still sitting in a pool of sperm, she sucked
the condom inside out inhaling the cum of a man whom she never met. The
slimy dirty condom hung from her mouth as she attempted to clean the
sack of its contents. She swallowed it and licked the rubber condom
clean getting every last drop of jib that was spent in it. George, Ray
and Jasper watched as Barbara did the dirtiest thing they'd ever seen.

Suddenly, it didn't matter anymore to Barbara. She needed cum no matter
whose it was or where it was. She ate it and swallowed it all like it
was her favorite food. And it was. Whose cum was it running down her
throat? It was still somewhat warm and still had a thick consistency
inside the rubber. She kept slurping it, sucking the old condom in her
mouth determined to thoroughly suck out every bit of jib. It was then
Barbara finally came to the realization that she would eat cum, eat
sperm, jism, eat jib from anyone or anything. She truly was a cum
hungry whore. A beautiful cum eating slut. And she liked it, especially
the way George and Ray and Jasper watched in utter amazement as she
performed her dirty disgusting acts.

"What a fuckin slut," George commented. "Suck that stuff down, whore."
"Show me your mouth." Barbara opened up showing the men the sticky
gooey stuff on her tongue. Then she closed her lips to slowly and
deliberately swallow the old jib. "Fuck, man." "What a disgusting cunt
you are."

When Barbara finished her cum meal George made her crawl back to the
other room. As she crawled back he reached down extracting the big
dildo from her asshole. When Barbara entered the other room she sat on
the floor. George held the dildo out to her showing how slimy the
rubber cock was from being in her ass so long. "Okay, you fuckin' slut,
open up." Barbara opened her mouth to him. George put the cock on her
tongue pushing some of the sticky shaft in her mouth. Barbara opened
her mouth wider to accommodate the huge black scummy dildo. George
pushed more in. Barbara didn't resist, she took it. George pushed more
making Barbara tilt her head up as it hit the back of her throat. Then
George forced it deeper making her swallow the big black rubber cock.
It entered her throat and George pushed it down, all the way down,
forcing into her throat until all twelve inches of the slimy stick was
lodged in her gullet. Then Barbara wrapped her lips tight around the
cock while George slowly extracted it. All of the slime covering that
coated the shaft, the scum from deep within her ass, Barbara cleaned
off with her mouth and lips. Then in one gulp, she swallowed her own
dirty asshole gunk down. George took the dildo and shoved it back up
her ass telling her it was his present to her for such a great time.

"I ain't never seen any white woman so down right dirty and disgusting
like you, honey." George remarked. "You can come back here anytime, you
hear."

George told her to dress and she began putting he clothes back on her
sticky, sperm covered body. Her white silky panties clung to her thighs
and rear end as they became saturated with slimy cum. Her legs
glistened from the stickiness and her face and hair were crusted with
jism. And she had the taste of her own asshole still in her mouth.

Barbara left that way, still covered in the black men's sperm and still
with a twelve in rubber cock in her ass. It wasn't until she got home
that she cleaned up with a shower and laid down for a nap. Barbara had
enjoyed another day of exhausting nasty dirty sex. But now she was
satisfied. Her sexual lust lay dormant, at least for now.




Chapter 10

Barbara sat at home daydreaming about the last few days. She had
changed allot since a week ago. All she thought about was cocks and
cum. She remembered the feel of them sliding down her throat and
erupting with sperm while buried in her. And how much she enjoyed her
mouth full of the sticky stuff, the slimy feel of it on her tongue, the
salty taste as she swallowed it, and the look on the men's faces when
they unloaded in her mouth. Then she thought of how she loved a cock in
her ass. Feeling a hard shaft penetrating her asshole was as
pleasurable as having it up her cunt. She knew men were real turned on
at the idea of sticking their cocks in an asshole, especially in a
beautiful girls' like Barbara. It made her feel good that she gave so
much pleasure to them.

Barbara knew exactly how she acted this past week. She had turned
herself into a pure slut. But she didn't view it that way. She like
cock and sperm and any kinky sex that would turn her on. And she wasn't
about to stop. She wanted more and allot more. Most of what happened to
Barbara was merely by chance. Now, she was planning how to continue
getting what she wanted, desired and craved.

Barbara decided to head downtown tonight and go after what she
desperately wanted. She had seen many prostitutes hanging out on the
streets, only now she was going to be one of them. Except she wasn't
looking for money, she just wanted a hard cock to satisfy her lust.

Barbara dressed herself in a short mini skirt and a short tight top, no
bra, no panties. Her smooth creamy white legs were irresistible. She
desperately wanted a man's hand running up her soft thighs, under her
skirt in search of her pantyless crotch. Her 21 year old breasts stood
out from her chest even without a bra. Barbara was proud of her firm
38" tits. And she liked have them fondled and her nipples pinched. She
fixed her gorgeous blonde hair nicely in curls with it touching along
her cheeks. It seemed to drive men wild when her blonde hair danced on
their groins when Barbara sucked them off. She put on some make-up and
slipped on her high heels. She was magnificent. No man in his right
mind could resist the way she looked.

Once Barbara arrived downtown she parked in a parking garage and walked
out to the street. It was nearly 10pm and the streets were starting to
quiet down. Barbara wasn't exactly sure what to do first, so she hailed
the first cab that went by. Upon entering the cab she noticed right off
the big black man that was driving. There was something about black men
that stuck a nerve in her. She liked the way they reacted to fucking
her, like she was a forbidden piece of fruit. There hadn't been a black
man yet that hadn't really gotten off fucking her tight blonde cunt.
Now she was in the same car with another black and she wanted him. She
could feel her lust building inside her. It didn't matter to her what
he looked like, all she could think of was his cock. Maybe he had some
friends she thought, to keep her busy the rest of the night.

"Where to," he called back to Barbara.

"Anyplace where a horny girl can find a good time?" She asked with a
question.

The big black driver turned around staring into Barbara lovely eyes,
admiring her long blonde hair and gazing at her exposed legs as she sat
in the back seat with her skirt almost up to her waist. "I can show you
a good time here, baby" he replied. "I don't know," Barbara answered
coyly. "I'm going to need more than just one black cock tonight."

"Don't you worry," he said. "I know where to git you plenty more once
we git done."

The black driver got out of the cab and jumped in the back with
Barbara. "So you want some black meat, huh?" "You sure are pretty." He
reached toward Barbara feeling her long smooth legs running his hand up
her thigh until it disappeared under her skirt. "Shit, babe, no fuckin'
panties?" His eyes almost popped out of his head when his hand touched
her exposed pantiless pussy. Barbara's slit was already wet
anticipating his touch. She was crazy with lust and now feeling his
strong black hand probing her made her even more nuts.

His fingers ran along the folds of her slit at first. Barbara closed
her eyes enjoying his touch as much as he enjoyed feeling up this
gorgeous white slut that happened into his cab. Then she felt his
fingers spreading her hole open and a finger slipped in. Barbara felt
her cunt juices dripping down her crotch into her asscrack as she
slouched down more on the back seat spreading her legs open wider. Then
another finger entered her pussy and he started fucking her with his
fingers. Barbara moaned out loud it felt so good. She grabbed his hand
between her legs helping him finger fuck herself, driving his fingers
deeper and harder into her cunt. Barbara wanted to cum desperately.

The black cab driver stopped momentarily to pull Barbara's skirt off,
tugging on it as she wiggled out of it. Then he yanked the halter top
off freeing her perfect tits for him to inspect. "My God, what fuckin'
tits," he remarked. He squeezed both of them in his hands while licking
her soft dark nipples taking turns back and forth. They immediately
responded to his tongue growing hard and taut. It felt so good feeling
his warm mouth on them and when he bit her nipple tips, it was like an
electric shock that struck through her. Then her return back to her
slit shoving his strong fingers inside again.

Frantically she keep his fingers working between her legs. She had hold
of his hand helping him fuck her, guiding him up her slit, jamming it
further and further inside. "More," she whispered ever so softly. At
first the cab driver didn't know exactly what she wanted. But he
quickly figured it out when she took his hand and helped him insert
another finger. She wanted more fingers in her. Her juicy cunt easily
accepted his three fingers all the way in her hole. Barbara's frenzy
was at the point of being out of control. She was ramming his hand
against her crotch shoving his fingers inside her hot hole. No matter
how much Barbara got, it seemed like she wanted more. In her lust
driven frenzy and nearly panic stricken voice, again she whispered
loudly, "all of it..........go ahead.......shove it all in."

Barbara grabbed his hand squeezing his fingers together pushing his
curled- up hand into her sopping wet gash. She pushed him into herself.
The cab driver couldn't believe it, but he help her. He pushed his
fingers hard into her cunt trying to open her up. She wanted all of him
inside her. He had never done anything like this before. He had seen
pictures of women with fists in them, taking a whole hand up their
cunts, but never thought he would get to do one. He pushed harder and
Barbara was helping him push in.

"Shove it in, c'mon, push it all in," Barbara begged of him with lust
of a depraved slut.

Barbara was making some display of herself. But this is what she
wanted. Barbara was driven completely by her sexual desires now.
Whatever pleased her body, she would do. She dressed like whore, she
acted like whore, she solicited herself like whore, and now she was
letting herself, actually making herself be treated like a whore.

Barbara was out of patience. The cab driver was being too cautious in
his penetration of her pussy. And Barbara was too caught up in her
lust. She grabbed his wrist tightly and pulled him hard against her wet
slit. His hand spread her cunt wide and passed through. His hand was in
her, buried up her hole. Barbara began wiggling her butt enjoying the
feel of his hand inside her.

"Oh, that's it." "Yesss." "Yesss." "Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!" "Fuck my
cunt."

"C'mon, fist me." "Fuck my cunt with your fist."

The cab driver started moving his hand inside Barbara back and forth
fucking the inside of her cunt. Then he made a fist and tried to
withdraw it stretching Barbara's gash wide, then he shoved it back in.
As he noticed how much Barbara liked having her snatch fisted he began
journeying deeper inside Barbara. He started feeling around inside her
cunt touching her delicate cunt lining, probing at it, stretching it.
He forced inwards until Barbara winced in pain, then he back off only
to repeat his probing and the search within this slut's cunt. Barbara
was squirming on the back seat impaled by the black drivers arm up her
cunthole. She was in ecstasy as he fist fucked her with only an
occasional wave of pain from his deep probes. The feeling built and
built, stronger and stronger. Barbara's cunt felt like it was on fire.
She couldn't stand it any longer. She had to cum or go crazy. She
grabbed his wrist, ramming it hard into her hole. The cab driver's fist
bottomed out deep in her cunt with at hard impact. Barbara's body then
burst into a violent orgasm. Her cunt gripped the cabby's hand flooding
it with her fresh juices. His wrist felt her hole tighten as if to snap
it off. And Barbara held him inside her, letting herself enjoy the
fullness inside her cumming hole. When she came out of her delirious
state, she spread her legs and helped him extract his big black hand
from her dripping slit. She kissed his hand, licking her juices from
it, tasting her own cum.

Barbara wasn't finished with him by no means. She had a deep seated
lust and one orgasm, although incredibly gratifying, was not nearly
enough to satisfy her. She reached for his crotch touching him, feeling
his already hard shaft through his pants. He wasted no time then, his
cock had become rock hard while he was playing with Barbara fisting
her. He unbuckled himself and yanked his pants off including his
underwear. His big ten inches stood out from him shining, reflecting
some of the light from the street lamp overhead.

Barbara had been waiting all day for this. Finally a hard cock to suck
on. And with a little luck, it will be the first of many tonight. She
took it deep in her mouth gobbling it up in her own slutty way until it
hit the back of her throat. The cab driver just knelt between her legs
letting her suck his cock with her beautiful soft lips. He hadn't
expected Barbara to be so aggressive, rather he figured she might need
some coaxing. But this wasn't Barbara's first black cock by no means.
She knew exactly what she wanted.

She grabbed his buttocks with her hands and pushed her face into his
groin swallowing his ten inch tool. "Fuck, bitch." "What a goddamn good
cocksucker." She backed off him, looked up, smiled, and down his cock
went again into the depths her throat. Barbara loved deep throating and
she knew men loved it too. It sent a strange sensation through her body
when she swallowed a hard cock. She could feel her throat stretch open
to accept the hard meat and it always felt so warm. And when a man
started cumming while deep in her, Barbara nearly would cum herself.
The throbbing in her throat as a cock pulsed dumping sperm down her
gullet was pure enjoyment to Barbara, yet the men think they're doing a
nasty degrading thing to her.

Now she had the cab driver's cock down her throat, ten inches of hard
black meat. It was easy, Barbara swallowed it without a hint of any
difficulty. She took him in and out, all ten inches, repeatedly, over
and over. She fucked her own throat with his shaft as if it were a
loose cunt, no pushing, no forcing, just cock swallowing.

Once she felt he was really horny and couldn't take much more, she
backed off him again, knelt up to him looking him in the face, and gave
a delicate little teasing lick on his lips before saying, "Fuck me in
the ass."

"Oh, fuck me man." He replied trying to restrain himself from creaming
right then all over Barbara's face and tits.

Barbara turned around to kneel on the back seat, but it was to cramped
in the small space. So she opened the door to the cab and knelt on the
edge of the seat with her ass up in the air facing out the door.
Quickly the driver went out walking around the cab to the other side.
Barbara's ass was ready and waiting for his cock. He positioned himself
right on her back door and Barbara beckoned him again.

"Go ahead, fuck me in the ass with your hard black cock."

He wasted no time. He pushed on her anus and penetrated her back hole.
Once inside her and hearing Barbara moan in enjoyment of his stiff
tool, he grabbed her around the waist and pulled her back as he pushed
forward. His cock forced through her tight asshole in one motion. He
was buried completely up her rectum. This black man was in heaven. He
never ever had a white woman before. Now he had his hard cock stuffed
up the asshole of a beautiful blonde and she loved it.

"Oh, God yes," Barbara cried. "Fuck me." "Fuck me." "Fuck my asshole."

Barbara was making him crazy with her slut talk. This black man
couldn't believe such a beautiful looking white woman would beg so
desperately to be fucked, much less in the ass. But that's what was
happening. Barbara was begging him to fuck her tight anal hole. He
stayed buried in her for a moment trying to come to his senses that
this was really happening. As he looked down he saw that he really did
have his ten inch cock inside an incredibly beautiful blondes asshole.
And her words kept echoing in his mind, "fuck me, fuck my asshole."

He withdrew his tool slightly and shoved it back in several times until
Barbara's hole got accustomed to him. He was going to give her what she
wanted. He picked up the pace fucking her faster and harder with longer
strokes until eventually he was able to extract all of his cock from
Barbara's ass and re-penetrate her hole in one quick motion.

"Oh, God yes." Barbara repeatedly cried out. " Fuck me, fuck me hard."

He was holding Barbara's asscheeks with his hands keeping them spread
apart as he bucked his hips back and forth driving his ten inch cock
over and over up Barbara's ass. The cab rocked each time he bottomed
out when his body slammed into Barbara's rear end. When he did, Barbara
let out a grunt from the force of him slamming her. He was relentless
fucking her hole, his cock pistoned like a machine driving both him and
Barbara to the brink.

He tried to keep reaming her asshole longer, but he kept thinking of
this being the first time in a white ass and she was so beautiful, he
couldn't hold back. Watching his black tool sliding in this beauty's
rear end was making him crazy. In his excitement he finally yelled out,
"I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum."

Barbara quickly responded in an almost begging voice, "NO!! NO!!" "Not
yet, not yet!!" "Do it in my mouth." "Cum in my mouth."

Barbara's incredible pleas would make any man cream right away. And
this cab driver was no different than any other. His cock was ready to
explode inside her ass. But he wasn't about to deny this beauty's
request, so he pulled from Barbara's ass in a hurry letting her turn
around just in time to position herself in front of his hard throbbing
black cock. She grabbed it in her hand just as he let loose with a
giant stream of sperm. The cum hit Barbara in the face so she quickly
moved closer wrapping her lips around his throbbing meat. Now she was
ready.

The cab driver shot again unloading a tremendous spurt in Barbara's
mouth, then another and another. He ejaculated with incredible force.
Barbara felt the spurts hitting the roof of her mouth and literally
splashing all over inside her. She kept her lips clamped around his
throbbing cock while she stroked his shaft helping him empty the built
up contents of his balls directly into her mouth. His slimy jib was
unbelievably thick, it felt like it formed one big glob inside her
mouth and there was allot of it. This had to the biggest load she'd
ever had from one man. Her mouth was almost full and she had missed the
first spurt, that was all over her face.

When she felt he was done, she looked at him holding the sperm in her
mouth. He looked down at Barbara seeing her face spotted with his first
blast of cum. Then she opened her mouth giving him a quick show of his
sperm load in her mouth. He could see his white jib all over tongue, in
fact you couldn't even see her tongue, her mouth was a giant pool of
fresh hot thick sperm. With her mouth opened for just a second a little
ran out the corner and down her cheeks. But, as fast as she opened her
mouth she closed up again and swallowed his glob of jism making a
gulping sound for his benefit. Then she licked the end of his cock
getting any remaining cum making sure his cock was clean.

"You're fuckin unbelievable," he whispered loudly trying to regain his
composure. "Do you do this often, I mean do you fuck black men allot?"

"Sometimes," Barbara replied. "Actually, I've just realized how much I
like black men." "I know you think I'm probably a slut. I know it. But
I don't care, I like what I'm doing. I like sucking black cock and
there cum."

"Now, I'm just getting warmed up. You said you could get me more cocks.
Did you mean that?"

"Lady, if that's what you want, then that's what you'll get." "How game
are you," he asked.

Barbara replied, "as many as you can find, and as long as they can get
'em up. I'll bathe in their cum if they can give me that much."

They both got in the cab and off they went in search of cock and cum
party for Barbara.




Chapter 11

The cab driver's name was Randy as Barbara found out as they sped off
into the city talking to each other while driving through the downtown
area. Randy knew exactly where to go to get Barbara more of what she
wanted. There weren't many women like Barbara in the world. She was one
in a million seeking the wild times and kinky adventures. Randy's
friends were in for a real treat tonight.

It was almost midnight now as Randy parked the cab in a narrow alley
off a deserted street next to what looked like a bar or pool hall. This
area of the city wasn't the best, most people wouldn't be caught near
it, much less a young white woman, especially at night. But Barbara
wasn't afraid, this was what she wanted, what she craved. It was
exciting, a strange place, strange men, and the unknown of what would
lie in store for her in this building.

It was a pool hall and bar patronized mainly by the locals in the area
of the city. It wasn't a real big place, it had the bar along one wall
with ten stools, seven or eight tables with chairs and an area off the
back with a pool table. As Randy and Barbara entered Barbara looked
around. Even at midnight the place was crowded, there had to be thirty
people in the smoke filled hall. Some were seated at the bar, some at
tables and some playing pool. There were a couple young black girls
apparently with their boyfriends sitting at a table, a couple young
unshaven scruffy looking white men at the bar and the rest were middle
aged black men spread throughout the room, all of them were eyeing up
her delectable body. Everyone of them was undressing Barbara with their
eyes and wishing they could reach out to grab her firm thirty eight
inch breasts that jiggled as she walked toward the bar. How they would
love to rip her halter top off exposing those luscious tits and get a
chance to see her hard nipples that protruded through the material.
Then to run a hand up her thighs feeling those long, long legs that
went on forever disappearing under the shortest of tight skirts, that
would be like heaven. They all were thinking the same, rip her fuckin'
clothes off and let's see this hot bitch naked. Then fuck her, fuck her
hard, give this white cunt a royal fuckin'.

As Randy and Barbara approached the bar while all eyes remained fixed
on her. Barbara went to the closest open bar stool and sat down while
Randy spoke to one of the two bartenders. He was a big black man of
about forty years old maybe six foot five tall. His body had a
tremendous build, he was big framed and very muscular. As Randy
whispered to the bartender a big smile grew on his face as he glanced
toward Barbara. Then they walked over to her where she sat.

"Hi there, honey." "I'm Mike, but my friends call me "Bull." "Randy
tells me your hot stuff, looking for some fun." Barbara nodded her head
giving Bull a soft "yes, that's right."

"Aren't you afraid being here, or what we might do to such a gorgeous
young thing like yourself?" Bull asked.

"No, I'm not afraid" Barbara replied brazenly. "I'm not afraid at all."
"What I want is for you to fuck me, fuck my whole body with your black
cock."

Bull was a bit surprised to say the least, he never heard of a white
girl begging for a black cock. He remembered a year ago, a couple white
girls wandered into the bar when they were lost, and wound up with two
of his black brothers forcing themselves on the girls. It was nearly
rape until the girls started getting into it and enjoyed the black
fucking. But this was unheard of, especially with such a gorgeous
blonde like Barbara. She could have any man just for the asking. But
instead she was going to get herself gangbanged by everyone in this
place. Bull hoped she knew that.

"Do you realize once I start with you, every man in here will right
behind me waiting for his turn?"

"I'm ready for them," Barbara replied.

"You asked for, honey." Bull answered back to her. He led her to the
center of the floor out away from the bar. Then he pointed to her
halter top and skirt. Barbara pulled it up over her head letting her
thirty eight inch tits fall free. "Fuckin' nice tits," Bull exclaimed
as did a number of others. Then Barbara slipped her short skirt down
her legs and she was naked in front of a room full of horny men. Bull
reached out, at first gently caressing her lovely white breasts, then
began squeezing them enjoying how nice and firm they were, yet still so
soft. Her nipples responded growing hard. Bull pinched them and pulled
on them, then he took them one at a time to his mouth sucking on her
beautiful breasts.

Bull quickly ripped off his shirt, then dropped his trousers and
underwear. Barbara's eyes lit up. Now she knew why the nickname "Bull."
He had a monster cock. It was thirteen inches long, about five inches
thick around, very smooth and shiny and best of all, already hard. It
was a gorgeous black cock in Barbara's eyes. And she knew black cocks.
She dropped to her knees, grabbed it jerking it a couple times working
the skin of his shaft, then brought it to her mouth. She took the head
and started sucking it, then taking more and more until she had to
begin swallowing the hot meat. Barbara was wasting no time. The smooth
cock glided down her throat so easy, how she loved it. Barbara took all
of it, deep throating Bull as he watched in amazement how this blonde
honey could so easily do what his girlfriends couldn't.

Barbara backed off Bull leaving his cock glistening with saliva. She

asked, "want to fuck my ass?" "Hell, yeah, sweetheart," Bull answered.
He let Barbara kneel on all fours. Then he stooped behind her rubbing
his cock between her legs. He slipped his black shaft in Barbara's cunt
first, collecting some juices from her moist slit. Then he went to her
asshole. He pushed on her anus and she let him push in. Her little anal
pucker sucked the black head of his cock inside. Barbara let a deep
sigh out, signaling her approval of how nice Bull's big cock felt. "You
like it in the ass, don't you honey?" He asked. "Oh, God yes, yes," she
replied in a loving it voice. Then Bull squatted down impaling her ass,
driving his hard tool deeper and deeper until he had penetrated her
asshole completely and was buried inside. "Oh, yesssss," Barbara cried
out. "Fuck my asshole." And Bull did. He started pumping her, fucking
her asshole with his thirteen inch cockmeat. Barbara thoroughly loved
his huge black meat pistoning her white ass.

After a couple minutes he pulled out and quickly returned in front of
Barbara's face. He was so excited from fucking this blonde piece of ass
his cock was ready to burst. Barbara wrapped her hands around his
engorged black prick and immediately the cum started pouring from his
cock. Barbara was ready for it. Her mouth was opened and ready to take
Bull's sperm as it gushed in torrents from his stiff throbbing meat. He
had a massive load that sprayed nearly out of control. Thick heavy
streams of cum shot in Barbara's mouth and lined along her cheeks and
forehead. A couple spasms generated big globs of sperm that dropped
onto her tongue and slid to the back of her throat. It was a great load
to start the evening off. The jism on her face felt warm and slimy and
the mouthful she swallowed she savored, enjoying the taste of the big
man's love juice. Then she cleaned his cock with her lips sucking out
what little he had left.

Meanwhile another black man was at Barbara's back door. In he went and
started fucking her asshole, wasting no time in pumping her back chute.
Then another cock replaced Bull in front of her face, a white one this
time. Everyone was getting into it now. Even across the room Barbara
could see the two girls that were at the table with their boyfriends
earlier, now were naked and getting fucked too. Then the cock in her
ass exploded, filling her ass with sperm and another took its' place
squeezing through her tight sphincter. Then her mouth fill again with
cum, she had to swallow, and another cock spasmed in her ass. She
looked around seeing a line of men waiting their turn for a chance at
her beautiful ass and another line waiting to give her blonde face a
mouthful. It was going to be an all night anal and oral fuckfest.

About a half hour into her gangbang she looked up seeing one of the
young black girls standing in front of her with her boyfriend. She
seemed a little hesitant as she approached Barbara, her boyfriend was
coaxing her on. "Go ahead, sweetheart," he coached her. "Let me see her
do it to you." Barbara wondered what he meant. Then the boyfriend
pushed his girl moving her closer until she was standing right over
Barbara's face. The girl reluctantly reached between her legs spreading
her pussy. Barbara could see the cum starting to seep from her cunt.
They obviously had just got done fucking and he had pumped his girl
full of his seed. Now he wanted to see the white slut Barbara suck it
out of his girl.

Barbara pulled the girl down to her face by placing her hands on the
girl's waist as a guide. Then Barbara made contact with the black
girl's fucked cunt. She licked through her slit collecting a little of
the sperm that was seeping out. The black girl moaned from the soft
feel of Barbara's wet tongue searching her pussy. Barbara probed the
black cunt deeper, sticking her tongue inside, feeling the slimy load
her boyfriend pumped in her. She sucked on the cunthole pressing her
lips to the black girls wet gash. She sucked again, harder, and the
sperm passed into Barbara's mouth. The black girl went wild, never
having felt the pleasure of another woman eating her slit before. She
orgasmed, shaking while Barbara ate the cum from her hole. The black
girl's love juices flowed into Barbara's mouth too, as she sucked and
sucked on the young black cunt.

Finished sucking out the sperm, Barbara looked up at the girl, her
boyfriend holding his girl's shuddering body, and asked. "Do you suck
your man's cock?" "Nnnnn....ooo," she shyly answered almost in shame.
"You don't know what you're missing," Barbara replied back.

Barbara grabbed for her boyfriends semi erect cock putting her mouth
over it while his girl watched. Barbara sucked him, lick him, suck more
until he grew hard. She sucked him deep in her throat showing the girl
how to give her man a good blowjob. His cock grew stiffer and he moaned
his pleasure as his girl watched the enjoyment in his face. Then he
cried out, "oh fuck me," and he came. His sperm filled Barbara's mouth.
Then Barbara pulled his shaft out momentarily, showing the girl her
man's sperm before she gulped it down. Then Barbara cleaned up his
cock, lifted his shrinking shaft to lick his balls and give them a
quick suck into her mouth, then she twisted his body around and gave
him a fast lick up his asscrack pausing a second or two just to be sure
he felt her tongue tickle his asshole. Barbara looked back at the girl
standing there in astonishment. "You got a tasty boyfriend, honey.
Better try him before you lose him." Then barely able to walk both the
young black girl and her boyfriend returned to their table.

At least an hour went by, Barbara's face had taken many loads, some was
in her hair, allot she swallowed. Her ass was pretty juicy too, she
knew her rectum must be full of sperm, it was running down her crack
and down the insides of her thighs. The next black man up complained,
"this bitch is gettin' damn messy, can't we clean her ass up?"

Bull thought for minute and sure enough had the solution. He came out
from behind the bar carrying what look like some sort of pump. Actually
it was some sort of penis enlarger. It was a pump that had a clear tube
to insert your cock and a plunger that when pulled would suck on your
cock in an attempt to stretch it longer. It even worked good as a
masturbating device, like getting a blow job. Bull had doctored it up
some covering the open end of the pump with a tapered cap that had a
hole in the end. Well, Bull brought it to Barbara placing the end of it
on her asshole. He pushed the tapered end of the pump in, then once the
clear tube portion entered her ass, he forced a couple more inches in
making sure it was well planted in Barbara's rectum. Then Bull pulled
on the plunger. He was siphoning the jib from Barbara's ass. The clear
tube began filling with a whitish brown sludge as Bull extracted the
plunger. It was all the sperm that had been deposited inside Barbara's
ass, only tinted from mixing with traces of her own excrement. Slowly
Bull kept pulling until he filled the tube and pulled the pump out.
There must have been at least a pint of the cum swill in the tube.

"Okay," Bull exclaimed. "She's ready for more. Another black cock went
up Barbara's asshole, driving into her, reaming her hard. Bull walked
in front of Barbara showing her the pump full of sperm. Bull just
wanted to show her how much cum she he had taken out of her. But
Barbara looked up at him and even while being assfucked looked for
more. She opened her mouth in a begging fashion to Bull. She wanted his
cock in her mouth again.

"Oh, fuck," was all Bull could say. He couldn't believe how much of a
slut Barbara was It was hard to believe a woman would degrade herself
to such a level - This wasn't any ordinary whore. You couldn't pay any
whore to do this. No, Barbara was special. She was a lustfilled slut
driven by her own desires for nasty dirty sex and the need to be a
willing partner in her own humiliation. Bull knew now she would do
anything and let him do anything to her.

Bull put his cock into her mouth and started to fuck her mouth. He
pushed his cock deep into her waiting throat over and over again
filling her mouth repeatedly as he pushed his hips back and forth and
with it his cock into her mouth. And then he screamed out as he came in
her mouth. Seeing all the men fucking her and all the cum in her pussy
and ass and all over her body was amazing. It was the most disgusting
thing any of them had ever seen. Barbara's mouth filled with Bull's
cum. Bull stopped and Barbara closed her mouth to swallow. And swallow
she did, eating the his sperm. Her mouth opened again, it was empty.

"You're one fuckin' nasty little white bitch, honey." Bull exclaimed to
her as she continued getting plugged from behind and tasted the remains
of the cum that lingered in her mouth.

Another hour passed, with cock after cock fucking her ass. Some gave
her asshole a rest, giving a turn to her cunt. Some came back for
seconds letting her suck them hard before giving Barbara a mouthful or
a sperm facial. Even Randy the cab driver took another turn with
Barbara, this time shooting his load in her ass. Barbara was every
man's dream, at least she was tonight in this bar. Over thirty men
drained their seed in or on her. Some of them twice.

But for Barbara the night was only beginning. Bull wanted to see just
how much this blonde slut could take, how much humiliation could she
stand, how nasty and dirty could she be. He knew she was capable of
doing more dirty deeds, performing filthier acts, and become more
downright degrading as a fuck machine. And that's what she was, a
machine taking on cock after cock in any hole they wanted. She was
their cum depository and loved being it. She couldn't get enough, in
her cunt, in her ass, or in her mouth. She was their queen of all
sluts.




Chapter 12

Barbara had cum just about everywhere on her. Her cunt was seeping with
sperm, her asshole was flooded with jib and her face and hair were
sticky and slimy from all of it. She knelt there in the middle of the
floor. She was like a human condom, her body had received and contained
nearly all of the sperm in the room. The two young black girls had
taken care of their boyfriends, but everyone else's cock cream was
somewhere on or inside Barbara.

A few moments passed while Barbara rested. She caressed her own body
feeling the slippery substance on her. Her breasts glistened as she
smeared the sperm into the soft skin of her tits. She played with her
nipples trying to squeeze them, but the slimy cum made them slip from
her fingertips. Even after so many cocks, still she aroused herself,
playing with her cunt, fingering her bottom and tasting the mixture of
love fluids dripping from her body.

Bull came up to her carrying two empty one liter whiskey bottles.
Barbara couldn't imagine what he was doing with them, or for that
matter what he planned to do with them. He gazed down at Barbara's
sperm drenched body and she looked up like at him in wonderment of what
was next for her.

"Lie down, my dear slut," he ordered.

Barbara obeyed lying down on her back while a couple of Bull's friends
walked up joining Bull at her side. Bull pulled Barbara's legs up in
the air spreading them apart at the same time. Each of Bull's friends
held one of her legs keeping her spread open. Bull also had a big tube
of KY jelly. He squeezed it laying a long line of the lubricant along
Barbara's slit. Then he smeared it all over between her legs and
through her pussy. He stuffed a big glob up inside her cunt with two
fingers making sure the folds of her slit and the inside of her hole
was well oiled up. Bull wiped the residue of the jelly left on his hand
onto the bottom of one of the whiskey bottles.

"All right my slutty little sweetheart, I'll bet this is going to be
the biggest thing you've ever had in there." Barbara watched as Bull
positioned the bottom part of the bottle at her cunt entrance. He was
going to fuck her with the bottle, and with the big end of it.

Only a slight hint of fright went through Barbara as she looked between
her legs at Bull. But then she thought, "what the fuck, go for it,
shove it in me." She laid back submitting her body to Bull's whim. Bull
wiped the bottom of the bottle up and down her slit letting her feel
the largeness of what was about to enter her hole. "Open her up boys,"
he asked of the other two men. Each man holding her legs then reached
down sticking two fingers in her slit and proceeded to spread her cunt
lips apart. They pulled on her cunthole exposing the delicate pink
flesh inside her. They stretched her wide, holding her open while Bull
placed the bottle against her exposed inner cunt. Bull twisted the
bottle and rocked it slightly back and forth. The lubrication made it
easy moving the bottle around. Bull pushed the bottle and Barbara's
cunt stretched wider. "Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!" Barbara groaned, the pressure
on her soft cunt tissue was becoming tremendous.

Bull pushed and twisted again, and her hole gave way sucking in the
bottom portion of the bottle. "Ahhhhhhh!! Ahhhhhhhh!!" Barbara groaned
twisting in discomfort, but she let him continue. Bull pushed some more
and the bottle started passing into his submissive blonde slut. Barbara
felt her cunthole stretched apart like she's never experienced before.
She actually could feel the bottle scraping along her pelvic bones as
Bull penetrated her body, violated her precious love box with the
whiskey bottle.

Bull pushed deeper with the bottle. "Ahhhhhh!!!" Barbara moaned out
loud as her hole filled with the inserted bottle. Deeper, deeper it
went, Bull pushed it more, Barbara moaned, screamed louder, the bottle
was going deeper, "AHHHHHHH!!!........, AHHHHHHH!!!.......her moans
echoed through the room.

The bottle was gone,...... except for the neck sticking from her hole.
Bull had shoved the whole thing up inside her gash. Barbara's cunt lips
were wrapped around the neck of the bottle sticking out. It was lodged
in there, buried inside her body and would remain in there until Bull
or someone extracted it from her hole.

"There we go, my dear. How's that?" Bull asked. Barbara just laid there
moaning slowly, deeply, "Ahhhh!!! fuck... Ah..h...h...h!!!!!!!!!!
Ah..h..h..h..h!!!!!!" Barbara was in a dream land. It didn't hurt, at
least not any more. It just felt so big in her cunt, so full, it was
nasty. Oh, God she thought, "I love it."

"Well, we're half way there," Bull announced. "Now for the other one up
your ass." "Turn her over boys on her knees." The two men rolled
Barbara over positioning her on hands and knees.

Barbara said and did nothing, her body belonged to Bull. He was
controlling her now and she allowed it, rather she wanted it. No matter
how bizarre, she was ready and willing.

"This slut's unreal, think she can take one up the ass too," Bull's
friend asked. "Sure she can," Bull replied. "This white bitch can
handle anything, I just know it. And when I get it in, then we'll
bottle fuck her both holes at once. Get her ready."

Again they squirted KY jelly all over her, this time in her asscrack.
They smeared it around liberally working it in the soft crease of her
buttocks and shoving some well inside her asshole. Then with the first
bottle sticking from her cunt the three blacks started on her brown
hole.

The two inserted their fingers in Barbara's back door. They probed her
puckered little opening working their fingers in her. This was going to
be a little tougher getting the bottle in back here. Their fingers
began pulling her tiny little anus open. Gradually her tight anal
orifice started to spread creating a tiny little dark opening that
gradually grew bigger. They pulled harder and the opening grew larger,
but it was not nearly enough to get that huge bottle in there. "A
little more," Bull commanded. They pulled on her asshole more
stretching her anus wider, and it yielded to them. What was once a tiny
little cute pucker was now a tautly stretched ring with a gaping hole
in the center. Barbara's asshole became enlarged becoming an open cave
ready for Bull's whiskey bottle. "AHHHHH," Barbara yelped, her asshole
hurt, her anal ring was overstretched. The two pairs of black hands
were a little rough spreading apart Barbara's soft round ass and
forcing her anus open, wide open for all to see, preparing her ass for
the ultimate insertion. It felt like they would split her apart. Bull
placed the bottle at the opened anal hole, twisted it, and pushed it
part way in. The two men let go and Barbara's asshole gripped the large
end of the bottle. It was in her. Now to see how deep Bull could push
it in, how much could she take.

Bull pushed and twisted, occasionally feeling contact with the other
bottle in her cunt. "Ahhhhhhh!!!!, Ahhhhhhhh!!!!,
fuckkkkkk......,"Barbara moaned deeply as the bottle journeyed deeper
in her rectum. Barbara's breathing rapidly increased. She was
experiencing a panic and pleasure simultaneously as Bull stuffed her
second fuckhole. Her anal ring scraped inch by inch up the bottle, as
it went deeper and deeper inside. There was only a little left when
Bull felt the resistance. He bottomed out in her rectum. He was so
close and he was so crazed, he had to get it in. Slowly he pushed again
maintaining his pressure and the bottle slowly disappeared. Barbara was
gone again, in her dream fuckworld, moaning non-stop as her inside
rectum walls were stretched as much as her anal opening. But he did it,
fucked Barbara completely with the whiskey bottle up the ass, only the
neck stuck out. What an incredible sight. Barbara knelt with her head
on the floor with the two bottles stuffed up her cunt and asshole, only
the necks exposed.

"Ready cunt," Bull yelled down to Barbara. She didn't even hear him. He
rolled her over on to her back again pulling her legs up high. Bull
grabbed the necks of the bottles one in each hand. Then standing over
her he pulled on them. They started pulling from her holes both at
once. They were tight inside her, but her holes started pulling open as
the bottles came into sight again. When Bull got both bottles partially
out, he sunk them back in with a quick push. Barbara let out a loud cry
as the each bottle hit bottom deep in her holes. Then again Bull pulled
them partly out and buried them back in. Each time Barbara whimpered
and cried out with some of the pain she felt, but also of the pure
pleasure knowing she was getting the fucking of her life. Again Bull
pulled them about halfway out and then he fucked her, pushing and
pulling, pushing and pulling the bottles. Barbara screamed in a frenzy
as the cunt bottle rubbed hard back and forth against her clit. She was
going to cum. And she did, violently, like an explosion went off inside
her.

When Bull saw her body tighten, slipping into her orgasmic state, he
shoved the bottles back up her burying them deep in her body again.
Barbara's body convulsed, it shook, it shattered her as she came over
and over. Bull became overwhelmed with excitement with what he was
doing to this lovely creature, his cock was ready to explode again. He
moved up straddling Barbara's face jerking his thirteen inches of black
cock. Barbara was still out of it, deep in her body wrenching orgasm
when Bull's cock spewed on her face. Barbara felt the hot slimy stuff
hit her, making her open her eyes and instinctively her mouth. She
gobbled at Bull's pulsating meat trying to suck up his fresh sperm as
it drained from him. She grabbed his tool milking it with both hands,
sucking at it, swallowing as much of his load as she could get in her
mouth. She was an out of control hot cum slut slurping up every thing
Bull had.

Then her orgasm died down, she lay there cum covered, totally drained,
still impaled with two whiskey bottles.

While Barbara lay recovering and a break in the action, it looked like
a rest room stop for most of the room. Actually a line formed out the
men's room door. One of the black men had to go pretty bad from all the
drinking he had done. He walked over to where Barbara was lying asking
Bull. "Can I piss on her?" "She's only a slut whore, right, she won't
mind." Bull pulled Barbara's legs up again and spread them, "Piss in
the bottle," Bull said pointing to the whiskey bottle sticking from her
cunt. Instantly the man whipped his cock out and started urinating
between Barbara's legs. At first his piss hit Barbara's thighs
splashing all over. But then he brought his aim up hitting in her
crotch, then up to the opening of the bottle. Everyone could hear the
sound of the bottle filling as his piss poured into the bottle up
Barbara's cunt. When he finished another black man took his place,
first hitting Barbara with a stream of hot piss on her belly before
directing it in the bottle. Then the whiskey bottle was full and the
foam and excess piss overflowed it running down to her cunt and between
her legs. Barbara actually felt the bottle get warm inside her cunt as
it filled up with their hot urine. He finished, the bottle was full and
Bull placed the cap on the bottle.

Bull then pulled her legs back over her head touching her toes to the
floor behind her. "Who's next," Bull asked. We got another bottle to
fill. It didn't take long to get another urinating black cock emptying
itself on Barbara. Piss splashed on her ass while a couple men
succeeded in filling the other bottle stuck in her ass. Bull capped
that one off too and let go of Barbara's legs.

Barbara got up, she could barely walk with her holes filled the way
they were. She managed to get to the bar. She was some sight,.. a
whore, a tramp, a cum covered, piss covered slut. Her hair was
straggly, sticky with sperm, her face was loaded with cum most of which
was already drying. Her chest and breasts were spotted with jib and
urine and her legs were wet with fresh piss.

"Wanna sit, honey?" Bull asked.

"Yes," Barbara answered in an exhausted tone.

Bull went to Barbara running his hands up her beautiful white legs
eventually getting to her rounded ass. The neck of the whiskey bottle
protruded from her rear end and Bull grabbed hold of it. He held
Barbara around the waist bracing her against his own body knowing that
pulling the bottle from her ass would require a steady strong pull. He
didn't want to just rip it from her ass. Barbara had given them all a
great time and he didn't want to deliberately hurt her. Bull tugged on
the bottle. Barbara's asscheeks began to spread as the bottle expanded
her asshole again. Barbara's eyes closed, her face grew distraught, it
was a grin and bear time. Her asshole hurt as Bull slowly extracted the
huge insertion. The bottle appeared inching its' way from within
Barbara's rectum. Then a quick little pull and it was out. A sigh of
relief escaped Barbara's lips as now only the bottle in her cunt was
left. But that wasn't nearly as uncomfortable as the one that had been
in her ass.

Bull set the bottle on the bar. Barbara slid her sore butt up on the
edge of the bar stool with the other bottle sticking down out of her
slit.

"You're an amazing girl, honey." Bull commented. "You're definitely the
hottest thing I've ever seen or had." Barbara smiled, too tired to say
anything, but she knew how much she enjoyed the fucking, her own
orgasms were the strongest she's ever experienced.

Bull set a glass in front of Barbara next to the bottle of piss he just
extracted from her ass. Bull stared at her wondering what she might do.
Barbara knew what he wanted and what he expected to see her do. This
was the ultimate test of how much of a slut she would be for him. And
Barbara was going to show him how disgusting she really could be. She
unscrewed the cap on the bottle and poured some in the glass. She
looked around, saw all eyes on her, then clutched the glass in her hand
bringing it to her lips. She swallowed it down, all of it, gulping the
glassful of piss. "Fuck, honey," Bull remarked shocked, "you're a piss
drinker too?"

Barbara poured another glass. Before she picked it up though, one of
the black men that was fucking his girlfriend strolled up to Barbara at
the bar. He dumped something in the glass splashing some of the urine
onto the bar. There were two condoms floating in Barbara's glass.
"Watching you made me and my girl pretty horny. I fucked her twice,
once in the cunt and once in her ass. First time, too, she let me in
her ass." Barbara stared at her glass and the used condoms floating
around in it. They still had this guy's sperm in them. She could see
the sack at the end of them with the creamy jib. "Thought you might
want to flavor it up some," he commented and walked away.

Barbara lifted the glass and began pouring the second glass of piss in
her mouth swallowing, gulping it down. Then as she neared finishing the
condoms flowed through her lips. She set the glass back down. She
sloshed the condoms around in her mouth trying to extract the cum from
them. She mashed them with her tongue against her teeth and she felt
the jism ooze out onto her tongue. She let a little dribble out over
her bottom lip so the men could see she succeeded in emptying the cum
sacks. Barbara pulled the rubbers from her mouth sucking on them,
swallowing the jib. She was enjoying her little snack. She sucked the
condoms clean inside and out, even the one that was up another girl's
asshole, eating every drop of sperm and slime that coated them. Then
she poured the remaining urine from the bottle to wash it all down.

Bull returned from around the bar to remove the other bottle out of her
cunt. Barbara swung her legs around on the stool opening them for Bull.
He grabbed hold of the bottle and started pulling. Barbara held tight
to the bar as her cunt expanded letting Bull extract the bottle from
her hole. He placed that bottle on the bar too. Bull then got a bottle
of beer for himself, opened it, and told Barbara, "chug-a-lug time."
Bull tipped his beer pouring it in his mouth, not stopping till the he
consumed it all. "Your turn, honey." Barbara's belly was already pretty
full. She had swallowed a whole bottle of urine already, not the
healthiest thing to do, but she loved the way the men reacted to such a
foul deed. Barbara grabbed the bottle anyway, uncapped it, and tipped
it to her lips. She began gulping. The men began cheering her. The piss
disappeared from the bottle with each gulp, each swallow. She continued
until she drank the entire whiskey bottle of piss. She replaced the
bottle on the bar, wiped her lips and gave a little cough.

"Fuckin' cunt, honey." "What a fuckin' cunt you are." "A piss drinkin'
cunt." "No...., a piss and cum drinkin' slut cunt." "Fuck." "I love
this white blonde bitch." "You can be my whore anytime, honey."

Barbara finally had enough for the night. It was five thirty in the
morning. Where did the time go. Barbara put her skirt and top back on
her cum and piss infested body. Randy was still there, watching her
amazing performance. He drove her back to her car in his cab. Then
Barbara drove the rest of the way home. She stunk and reeked from the
cum and urine all over her. Barbara couldn't remember how many cocks
unloaded on her and in her. Nor could she remember how times she was
fucked in her ass. But the orgasm when she was bottle fucked lingered
in her mind. It was a brutal fuck, and painful one, but it drove to a
new height, it was fantastic. She loved fucking, she loved cum. The sun
was coming up now, time to rest. Tonight would begin another adventure.




Chapter 13

Barbara finally decided, since she enjoyed sex so much and was willing
to do anything, that she could easily get paid for doing what she
liked. She may as well earn a living with her body. Since men enjoyed
fucking her so much and enjoyed watching her do incredibly nasty
things, then why not get paid for it. It almost seemed criminal to her
to get money for what she liked doing so much.

Well it didn't take long. Barbara answered a few ads from an adult
newspaper and found one to be rather interesting. She called regarding
the ad to find out about this man John wanting a woman willing to
participate in some kinky sex. He would pay $1000 for a night of her
services provided Barbara met with his approval. Barbara accepted and
arranged to meet him later tonight.

Barbara wanted to look extra good this evening. She started right away
preparing herself for another night of wild sex. She spent allot of
time fixing her hair, making sure it was full and curly surrounding her
smooth soft cheeks. She went real heavy with dark red lipstick and blue
eye shadow. When she finished she stared at herself in the mirror
admiring the look she created. What an amazing sight, she outdid
herself this time. Her body looked and said "fuck me hard, I'm a whore
and I want it bad." She decided on wearing underwear this time. Her
frilly white lace bra pushed up her 38" breasts making them look even
fuller. You could see her full dark nipples through the flimsy
material. She pulled out a tight short pleated black mini-dress from
the closet, but before that, next was white fishnet stockings attached
to a frilly white garter belt. The white panties were the skimpiest, a
tiny little G-string with a small patch covering her pubic hair and a
little string going up her asscrack. She slipped on the dress that rode
half way up her thighs which nearly exposed her garter. Then when she
slipped on her six inch heels, they accented her long shapely legs
making them look like they went on forever up underneath her dress.
Barbara was happy with her final look. She was truly a whore looking to
get laid.

She left early to arrive at John's home. When she entered she obviously
met with his approval, as if there would have been any doubt, and John
introduced her to another couple, already there, Tyronne and Kelly.
Tyronne was a tall slender black man and Kelly was a young, very young
blonde girl. John explained that he had expected to be alone with
Barbara tonight, but Tyronne, his friend, dropped in to show off his
new girl Kelly. Kelly, as John explained, was a runaway 16 year old
teenager whom Tyronne convinced that she could make allot of money
working for him. They both agreed that the best way for Kelly to learn
how to work the streets was first to learn how to please a man in bed.
John figured the best thing to do was to see a pro in action. That's
where Barbara came into the picture.

Barbara looked at Kelly seeing a somewhat frightened little girl unsure
of what she was about to do and what she was getting herself in to.
Kelly was only 5'1" tall, a small body, very slender maybe 100 lbs. if
that, short sandy blonde hair, and extremely attractive facial
features. Still, you could tell she was just a kid. Her body was just
beginning to blossom. Kelly had a stunning figure even in the simple
blouse and skirt she had on. Her cute pert breasts stood out so proud
and firm and her gorgeous smooth legs were a delight to look at in her
short skirt. She would have no problem getting men into bed with her.

Barbara made the first move pulling Kelly to the sofa and started
removing her own clothes then started pulling Kelly's off. Kelly let
Barbara strip her naked. Barbara sensed the shyness in Kelly's body as
she peeled the young girl's clothes away. As Kelly stood there naked in
front of everyone Barbara knew she was embarrassed and somewhat afraid.
She wondered if this frightened young girl knew what she was getting
herself into. Barbara kissed her gently, then licked her gorgeous
delicate young breasts. They were so soft and tender just beginning to
develop. Barbara sucked on the soft tissue making Kelly's nipples
respond growing large and puffy on the tips of her breasts. They were
one beautiful sight. Kelly certainly was developing into a gorgeous
young lady. Barbara then spread open Kelly's legs to play with pussy.
When Kelly responded and relaxed, then Barbara went down on her harder
licking and probing her tiny slit.

John and Tyronne jumped right in undressing, stripping down to their
shorts. Barbara then went to John and began caressing his balls and
cock through his underwear. The bulge grew larger as she continued.
Then she dropped to her knees pulling his shorts down to begin sucking
his now nine inch hard cock. She wasted no time giving him a good blow
job. His cock easily slid down her throat repeatedly, as Barbara made
him moan while she pleasured him. Then, in no time Barbara was on her
hands and knees with John alternating fucking her cunt then her
asshole.

Kelly was a bit hesitant to do anything with Tyronne, while watching
Barbara, and in amazement on how easily she took John in each of her
holes. Meanwhile, Tyronne had dropped his shorts and stood there
stroking this enormous ten inch black piece of meat. Ten inches of
black cock is a bit intimidating for any girl much less a sweet young
little blonde like Kelly, who has had little sexual experience. But
Tyronne's cock was incredibly thick. In fact, Tyronne's own hand didn't
reached around it as he jerked himself. It had to be eight inches
around his hard black shaft.

Tyronne moved between Kelly's spread open legs. He looked down into her
frightened eyes as he placed his massive black tool on her slit. He
pushed against Kelly's tight cunt and it stretched open wider and wider
attempting to take his cock in. He leaned forward pushing harder and
Kelly's cunt stretched taut as Tyronne's cockhead slipped in. Kelly
whimpered from the pressure of her hole being opened so wide. Tyronne
penetrated her deeper getting a couple inches inside. Kelly let out a
little school girl cry as her hole filled up with black cock. But
Tyronne still had at least six inches of cock yet to plant inside
Kelly. He pushed on, five inches, six inches, seven. Kelly squirmed in
discomfort as Tyronne's cock hit bottom inside her tiny cunt. But he
was determined to get all of his huge tool inside this cute teenage
body. He forced himself in deeper stretching the inner walls of Kelly's
cunthole. Kelly felt her insides tighten from the pressure being
exerted by Tyronne's giant cock pushing deeper up her hole. It became
almost unbearable for Kelly to take such a huge thing inside her petite
body. It felt as though his cock was pushing into her belly. She was
scared, his cock was so big. She feared he may rip a hole completely
through the soft tissues of her cunt. Then Tyronne lunged forward
falling on top of Kelly jamming the last inch inside her. Kelly
screamed as somehow her cunt managed to stretch enough to accommodate
all of Tyronne's monster thick meat. All she could think of was how
full her tiny body felt with this cock inside her.

Tyronne realize he wouldn't last very long in this tight teens
fuckhole. So he quickly pulled out to keep from cumming so soon and
held it motioning for Kelly to start sucking it now. She hesitated, a
little afraid as to where to start with such a big cock. After all, she
was only sixteen and had very little sexual experience. Barbara
motioned both Tyronne and Kelly closer to her as John kept pumping away
up Barbara's ass. Barbara grabbed the big black cock and sucked it
slowly showing Kelly there wasn't anything to be afraid of. But this
cock was even a challenge for Barbara. She popped it in and out of her
mouth, stuffing as much as she could inside, then held it for Kelly.
Kelly took the big cockhead between her lips, backed off, then did it
again. She licked it, wiping some of the precum off with her tongue
gingerly tasting it. Then she went down on it a little deeper taking a
few inches inside her mouth. Kelly had to literally force her mouth
wide open to get it in. She was getting the hang of it though. Barbara
thought she probably never had a cock in her mouth before, and she was
right. This certainly was Kelly's first time. Kelly was working
Tyronne's black meat with her hand now, jerking it while she sucked.

Then, all of a sudden, John was ready to explode. Fucking Barbara's ass
and watching this cute blonde learn the art of cocksucking was just
enough to set him off. Quickly he pulled out, Barbara turned around
taking his cock in hand and took him to her mouth. The sperm gushed
onto Barbara's face and into her mouth. She collected all his fresh jib
from his spurting cock, letting her mouth fill up. When he ran dry, she
turned to Kelly showing off her mouthful of thick white sperm, then
swallowed John's load. Of course afterwards she cleaned up his cock
getting every bit of his sperm off him.

Now it was Kelly's turn. She really didn't know what to expect and
without warning Tyronne just let it go. He grabbed Kelly's head holding
it in place on his cock. The cum poured from him. It started running
from Kelly's mouth as she tried to back away, but Tyronne held her head
there until he finished emptying his balls of all his jib and made sure
it went in her mouth. Kelly's face was dripping with cum as it dribbled
from the corners of her full mouth. Tyronne pulled out, "swallow it,"
he ordered. Kelly looked up at him a little scared not to obey. It was
evident she never had sperm in her mouth before. Now she was covered in
it and her mouth was loaded with the hot sticky stuff. She could feel
the warm thick fluid covering her tongue. She wasn't sure if she was
going to like the idea of eating it. But she was afraid to spit it out.
Tyronne certainly wouldn't like her to do that. Then she closed her
mouth and her throat contracted. Kelly swallowed the thick slimy juice
down. "Good girl," Tyronne commented. Barbara leaned over to Kelly and
kissed her lightly on the cheek, then licked some of the sperm still
dripping from her chin. "That wasn't so bad, was it," Barbara asked
Kelly? "Just wait and see, soon you won't be able to get enough of it."

Barbara took Kelly and positioned her on her hands and knees with her
face in the sofa. "Barbara asked, "are you guys ready to try out a
virgin ass?" Kelly looked back over her shoulder scared at what Barbara
proposed. "Just relax honey, you'll love it, trust me." John was
already hard at the prospect of fucking this cute blonde's precious
little asshole now staring up at him. Barbara spread open Kelly's
asscheeks, licked up through her crack pausing on her anus to get it
good and wet. Then she fingered Kelly's asshole probing inside with
one, then two fingers to get her used to being penetrated up the ass.
Once Barbara felt Kelly relax, she spread her asscheeks wide apart
holding them open for John.

He positioned himself over her darling little ass placing his cock on
her tight puckered backdoor. While he started pushing in, Barbara began
fingering Kelly's cunt. John penetrated Kelly's ass quickly, jamming
his cockhead in swiftly, then slowly plunged his hard cock deeper and
deeper. Kelly was getting a little panicky from John's big meat
stretching her anus so wide. It hurt a little. Barbara fingered harder
pushing her fingers deep inside Kelly's cunt. That seemed to work
pretty good. Kelly was getting turned on, which gave John a chance to
start pumping her super tight asshole. Kelly at sixteen was getting her
first assfuck. And she was getting it hard and deep. But it didn't last
very long. Her tight ass made John cum quickly. He pumped his load in
her ass while Kelly moaned her approval feeling his hot cum dump into
her rectum.

When he finished, it was Tyronnes's turn. This was going to be much
more difficult, at least that's what Barbara thought. And she was
right. Tyronne's monster thick cock could easily split Kelly's asshole
apart. Tyronne's cock was so huge next to Kelly's petite little anal
pucker, it didn't seem possible that it could fit inside. Even though
John had loosened her backdoor up, Tyronne's cock was going to have a
tough time getting in. Tyronne knew it and so did Kelly. She was
already apprehensive and showing signs of fright.

"Hold on honey," Tyronne commented, "this is going to hurt some." But
before Kelly even reacted to his comment, Tyronne had his huge cockhead
positioned on Kelly's asshole. He pushed his fat cockhead around on her
cute anal pucker smearing some of John's sperm that had oozed out all
over her anus. Then he pushed forward and rammed it in. Kelly let out
scream as his big cock head forced it's way in, stretching open her
tiny anus. Kelly felt like her asshole had surely ripped open, but it
somehow it managed to stretch apart to accommodate Tyronne's huge black
cock. Her anal hole hugged the fat bulging head of his huge black tool
as it passed into her rear hole. Barbara could see the tears roll down
Kelly's cheeks from the pain, but she held back screaming any more. Her
anus was stretched open incredibly wide. Barbara was surprised that
Kelly was able to take such a huge cock in her tiny behind.

Tyronne pushed in deeper, forcing his thick meat through Kelly's
asshole and up inside her tiny rectum. Kelly was breathing heavy almost
in a panic as the thick black log between Tyronne's legs disappeared
deeper and deeper inside Kelly's precious little ass. "Oh!!! it's so
big,..... ahhhhh!!!!....."

"It's.... soooo.... b..i..g!!!" "ahhhhh!!!!!...it hurts.........."

Kelly had his black cock stuffed in her, buried in her ass and it was
hurting. She was afraid to cry out to express the sheer torture and
agony her asshole felt. It didn't seem like it would have done much
good anyway. Tyronne was going to fuck her ass and that was it. Then
she felt his cock begin to slowly piston in and out. Tyronne drove his
tool back and forth, deeper and deeper with each thrust. Tears were
running down Kelly's cheeks. Her virgin ass was getting reamed by the
biggest cock she's ever seen. Then from the tightness of Kelly's
asshole, he too was ready to explode. He pushed all the way down
burying his entire thick length inside. Kelly felt the big tool ram
inside her until her asshole hugged the core of his cock and the head
pushed on her insides deep within her body. Then Tyronne blew his load,
into the deepest part of Kelly's ass. He grabbed Kelly around her waist
pulling her body hard onto his, forcing every bit of his spasming cock
inside Kelly's rectum. Judging from Tyronne's movements he was having
an incredible orgasm and thoroughly enjoying Kelly's tight teenage
asshole. Stream after stream of cum flooded her tiny rectum. When Kelly
eventually felt the throbbing stop and the hot spurting subside,
Tyronne withdrew from her stretched asshole, leaving her moaning from
her second anal fuck of the night.

For Barbara, watching this was just too much to bear. Seeing Kelly
kneeling there with her anal hole still spread open and knowing that
just inside that hole was a big pool of fresh cum. It seemed such a
shame to waste all that sperm. She just had to have it. Barbara moved
over to Kelly's behind and licked her just fucked asshole feeling on
her tongue the slimy cum residue that coated Kelly's anal opening. She
licked the entire anal opening clean before continuing her efforts to
get the rest of the load that Tyronne's cock dumped inside. She spread
Kelly's cheeks further apart forcing them open wide and stretching her
anus. Barbara tongued Kelly's asshole more, smearing the sperm around
her asscrack using her lips and face. Barbara was lapping up every bit
of jib she could find. Then she pulled Kelly's tiny buttcheeks open
even wider making a large tunnel entrance to the blonde teens rectum.
Barbara pushed into Kelly's ass with her tongue trying to scoop out
Tyronne's sperm. Barbara actually scoured deep into Kelly's anal
opening with her tongue licking the soft dark hidden flesh inside the
anal entrance of Kelly's ass. But she really couldn't get at the rest
of it, it was too deep inside Kelly's bowels. The nasty slut within
Barbara was now emerging. Her lust and frenzy for cum brought out her
filthy whore side.

With her face still buried between Kelly's asscheeks, Barbara placed
her lips onto Kelly's stretched open asshole, grabbed her around the
waist and pulled her down onto the floor until Kelly was seated on
Barbara's face. Then Barbara started sucking, sucking hard on Kelly's
anal opening. She held Kelly's tiny butt cheeks in her hands keeping
them spread apart. Barbara stuffed her face deep in Kelly's behind
placing her lips on the sixteen year old's gapping asshole. Then she
sucked and sucked. Kelly was going wild with the incredible feeling of
her asshole getting sucked and rimmed. Tyronne and John couldn't
believe what Barbara was doing, sucking the cum from this teenagers
tight ass. They listened to the loud slurping noises from between the
blonde's asscheeks as Barbara accomplished her task. Occasionally
Barbara would pause to express a "Mmmmmmmm" "Mmmmmmm" as the sperm
passed from Kelly's ass to Barbara's mouth and down her throat when she
swallowed with sheer enjoyment. The sperm continued dripping and oozing
from Kelly's ass with the help of Barbara's cum vacuum mouth until
Kelly's rectum was sucked clean.

Barbara pushed Kelly off her face. She sat up looking at John and
Tyronne. Her lips glistened with white sperm and some brown slime
running down her chin. Her face was a mess covered with Tyronne's spunk
and some sticky slimy filth that she sucked from inside of Kelly's ass.
But Barbara merely sat there tasting the nasty sticky stuff she
extracted from the teens behind. She ate everything that she sucked
out, swallowing several times to get all the residue clinging to the
inside of her mouth.

"What a fuckin' whore," John exclaimed. "Look at you."

"Clean yourself off, you disgusting bitch.".....

"So you like it nasty and dirty, huh?"

Barbara licked her lips, and used her fingers to remove the sticky scum
dripping from her face, pushing it into her mouth to eat that too.

"I had no idea what a slutty cunt you really were," John remarked in
utter amazement.

Barbara lay there somewhat exhausted from her last activity.

"If you'd do a filthy thing like that without being forced, I wonder
what else you would do for us.?"

"I'll bet I could treat you like a real cheap slut."

"Is that what you want, you filthy whore?".........

Barbara still sat there cleaning up her face.

"Do you hear me you fuckin' slut?"

Barbara was still recovering and out of breath from all that sucking,
but yes, she wanted to be treated like a whore, like a slut. She wanted
to do more nasty vile things. That's what she likes and what gets her
off. She was ready for any disgusting thing they could think of.

"Get up," John ordered. "Get your fuckin' ass up off the floor." "I'll
show you what it's really like to be a whore. I'm gonna treat you like
a piece of shit, you little slut cunt.




Chapter 14

John led Barbara into the bedroom where he tied her arms over her head
to the headboard and legs to the kickboards of the bed. She was spread-
eagled flat on her back. Kelly and Tyronne followed to see what John
had in store for Barbara. Barbara now lay helpless looking up at John.

"I've been thinking, I know just the right thing for you." John began
speaking to her. "I want my whore to look and feel more like a cheap
tramp. You should wear some jewelry. Such a beautiful body should be
decorated with some fine gold or silver, especially those fine looking
breasts of yours. Don't you think a nice ring hanging from such lovely
nipples would just enhance your beauty?" John asked looking at Barbara,
then to Tyronne, Kelly and then to Barbara again. John held up two gold
rings about an inch in diameter. They looked like large earrings with a
little heavier post where the ring would penetrate through the earlobe,
only John had plans of hanging them on Barbara tits.

Barbara squirmed on the bed begging, "oh no!! please don't do that,
please, it'll hurt, besides I don't want them in me there."

"Don't worry," John replied. "When you leave tomorrow morning I'll
remove them and in a day or two you won't even know they were there.
The hole will heal up by itself. And it'll only hurt for a second or
two when I first penetrate your nipples. I'm going to enjoy watching
your body twitch with pain when I puncture those cute tits to make a
hole for these nipple rings.

Hearing John just say it sent chills through Barbara. The thought of
him piercing her nipples really scared her and he knew he was lying
"only a little pain." It was going to hurt and allot.

John jumped up on the bed straddling Barbara's body positioning himself
in front of her chest. "Okay, my sweet darling slut, ready? Ready to be
treated like a cheap whore? For the rest of the night your body is for
my pleasure only,... got that you scum eating slut?"

John motioned to Kelly, "why don't you get her mind off what I'm doing.
Play with her cunt." Kelly obeyed crawling between Barbara's spread
open legs and began fingering Barbara to get her aroused. Barbara was
rather tensed up in anticipation of what was to come. But Kelly did her
best even to the point of pushing her tiny little hand partially inside
Barbara's wet hole.

John laid the first ring on Barbara's belly. He grabbed Barbara's left
breast squeezing it making the nipple protrude out. Then he pinched the
nipple, then pulled on it making Barbara's breast extend from her body.
He pinched it again and again until Barbara's nipple was rock hard.
Then he took her hard nipple between two fingers pulled it gently to
extend it taut. He picked up a large needle that almost looked like a
crocheting needle. It was nearly seven or eight inches long and it was
very thick. A cold sweat came across Barbara as she realized that soon
that needle would be passing through her tender sensitive nipples. She
closed her eyes and seconds later she felt the sharp tip touch her taut
nipple. She twitched on the bed, but John hadn't begun penetrating yet,
he only touched it to her tit. Then he pushed and the large sharp
needle punctured her left nipple. Barbara cried out in pain,
"AAAWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH......." and twisted, twitching her helpless
body on the bed. The scream just echoed through the room non-stop. The
bed squeaked and rocked back and forth from her fighting against the
restraints. Barbara was a prisoner, unable to break free of her bonds.
Her body movements only made the pain worse as the needle shifted
around in her nipple flesh. The pain was already unbearable in her
breast and yet she knew John had only begun his torturing and
sodomizing of her body.

John pushed the sharp tool further into her delicate tender tit.
Barbara's nipple tissue was hard and difficult to penetrate making John
twist the needle in an attempt to gouge it through her hardened, now
bleeding nipple. John was enjoying seeing Barbara's body twitching and
convulsing in pain as he poked around in her tender nipple meat. He
didn't seem to be in a hurry to finish the penetration either, instead,
he just calmly kept twisting, pushing, and digging slowly, forcing the
long needle millimeter by millimeter through her tender hard nipple.
Then it finally broke through the skin on the other side. Barbara knew
John was enjoying her pain when instead of pulling it back out, he
shoved it all the way through her bleeding nipple letting her feel all
eight inches of steel pass through her. Once the needle passed all the
way through, the hole closed up leaving a pool of blood trickling down
her breast. Then John quickly took the ring and forced it into and
through the tiny puncture hole in her pierced nipple. Again Barbara
wailed in pain shaking violently on the bed as John finished his
decorating of her tit with the gold ring.

Barbara's screaming stopped for the moment, but her breathing was deep
and uncontrolled, quite normal for someone feeling like her tit had
just been ripped off. She opened her eyes to see John dabbing her
breast with a tissue sopping up the blood. Her nipple was red and
swollen, covered in blood. She could see the gold ring attached to her
breast, pierced through her nipple. She saw Kelly between her legs and
felt her fist stuffed up inside her cunt. During the whole ordeal
Barbara never even realized that the teenage girl had stuffed her,
fisted her fuckhole. She also noticed John's cock was rock hard. "Oh
God," she thought, "this guy is getting off on giving his victim pain.

"Ready for the next one, he asked?"

"You know, you scream an awful lot for whore." "I thought you could
take a little pain."

"A little pain," Barbara thought, "who's he kidding."

"Well I don't want anymore screams and I'll help you with that." Before
Barbara even realized what was happening, John repositioned himself in
the other direction squatting over her face. Then down he went stuffing
his hard cock into Barbara's mouth. He lowered himself all the way down
making Barbara swallow his hard meat. He just sat there on her face
with his cock impaled down her throat. He looked up at Kelly. "Shove
your other hand up the whore's ass." "Make her cum." Kelly was afraid
not to do as he ordered. The last thing she wanted was to have the same
thing done to her.

Carefully, Kelly stuck a finger in Barbara's asshole, then another and
another. Then she pushed hard, hoping she wasn't hurting Barbara, until
her whole tiny hand passed through Barbara's anal hole. Barbara
squirmed on the bed. Kelly didn't know if she was causing her
discomfort or if it was John's cock down Barbara's throat or even the
brutality John caused to her nipple. Kelly was in an awkward position
now with both her hands inside Barbara's cunt and asshole. But her head
was right between Barbara's legs for a perfect view of John with his
cock totally down Barbara's throat and ready to proceed with the next
nipple ring. Kelly leaned down to lick at Barbara's clit hoping to
arouse her and take her mind off the pain. Kelly licked hard while
twisting her hand inside Barbara's cunt. Barbara started to respond
moving her bound body in enjoyment of the feeling Kelly was giving her.
Kelly played inside Barbara's ass too, wiggling her fingers allowing
Barbara to feel the probing of the walls inside her ass. Then she did
more fist fucking in her cunt and harder clit licking. Barbara was
nearing an orgasm despite the pain in her breast.

John quickly withdrew his cock from Barbara's throat giving her a
chance to breathe, then plunged his cock back down burying it again
deep in her throat. Barbara orgasmed, tightening her body, clutching
Kelly's fists inside her with her cunt and asshole. It felt so good,
her body enjoyed the waves and waves of orgasmic energy rippling
through her. The pain was all gone now, it pure pleasure.

In her mind she thought, "Oh God, yes." "that's sooo... good."
"ooooooooh!!!!"

Kelly fucked her fist a couple times in and out of Barbara's slit
making her delirious with the pleasurable feeling. John pulled from
Barbara's throat again to let her breathe. Barbara barely could get the
words out as her orgasm ripped through her body. But in a half panting
and half moaning voice she managed to beg her request.

"I...www...ant .....Ty...ronne's......

..cock....in.......my...asssss..........."

"F....ucck.......my........asssssssss..ho..le.............."

Barbara drifted off again into her continuing orgasm, and Tyronne
immediately untied her legs and crawled between Barbara's legs. Kelly
pulled her fist from Barbara's ass letting Tyronne push her legs up
high. Tyronne plowed right into Barbara's ass stuffing his tremendous
tool all the way inside Barbara's rectum in one motion. She whimpered
and moaned her enjoyment even though Tyronne jammed her hole so hard.
But that's exactly what she wanted. She wanted his big black cock in
her ass. She wanted his fat piece of hot cockmeat to assfuck her hard,
and make her cum again and again. Then he started pumping her ass like
a jackhammer, reaming Barbara's anal fuckhole. Kelly could feel his
massive black cock through Barbara's soft tissue separating her ass and
cunt, pistoning in and out. She almost felt like she could grab hold of
the monster piece of fuckmeat as it kept passing by her hand on it's
way deep into Barbara's bowels. She couldn't believe how Barbara could
enjoy such a brutal ass fuck with such a big cock, and while a fist was
up her cunthole. Barbara's assfuck continued, John sunk his cock back
down her throat and Kelly continued to play in her cunt. John grabbed
the needle, took Barbara's right breast, pulled the nipple tight and
proceeded to puncture Barbara's other tender piece of flesh. He pushed
and twisted working the needle slowly again as the blood trickled from
her nipple. Barbara's pleasurable orgasm immediately merged with pain,
but her body craved the conclusion of her orgasm. Pleasure and pain
rippled back and forth through her, as Kelly licked Barbara's throbbing
clit and Tyronne fucked her ass and John throat fucked her while he
continued torturing her nipple. He was deliberately taking his time on
this one making sure Barbara endued as much pain as he could possibly
inflict. He slowly wiggled the needle back and forth digging his way
through Barbara's sensitive nipple flesh. It seemed crazy, but the pain
and torture actually heightened the deep rooted orgasmic feeling. Her
orgasm was building, growing stronger. As John dug into the meat of her
nipple and Kelly fisted her cunt hard and licking her clit, Barbara's
orgasm reached a new height. John applied more pressure, forcing the
needle a little further through her delicate flesh. The additional jolt
of pain set off explosions within Barbara's body causing bursts of
pleasure and pain as her whole body shook and convulsed into another
more intense orgasm. She bounced on the bed against her bonds for what
seem like minutes, enjoying the most amazing orgasm ever. Deep grunts
came out of Barbara, muffled by John's cock, expressing the
overwhelming lust that was being flushed from her body. Barbara wildly
tried to free her hands. Kelly now was fucking her dripping cunt
rapidly with her fist. John was digging in her nipple with the needle,
not trying to push it through, just deliberately gouging, jabbing,
picking at her tender flesh, inflicting pain. Tyronne reamed through
her asshole harder and harder implanting his meat far up inside her
body. And Barbara orgasmed over and over and over, cumming endlessly,
her body feeling like it would explode from the sheer pleasure.

The wonderful feeling seemed to last forever. The incredible orgasm
rocked through Barbara even with the growing waves of pain as John
continued his nipple mutilation. Barbara's moans and screams continued,
only muffled by John's cock lodged in her throat. You couldn't tell if
it was screams of pain or moans of passion trying to escape from deep
within her. At one point John stopped with the needle lodged in her
nipple, tipped his head back to remark, "oh God that feels good, Oh God
yes, yes... yes......" Barbara's moans from deep within her were
vibrating on his hard cock buried deep in her throat. He was going to
cum. For about fifteen seconds Barbara's moaning stopped. She was
contending with an ocean of sperm flooding her throat. She had to let
him finish emptying his balls out first, even though the orgasm
continued and the pain still lingered with the needle stuck in her tit.
Once she felt the cum stop spurting from his cock, the pain intensified
again, he was pushing on the needle once more and finally broke
through.

Barbara was nearly out of air. All the pain, struggling, and orgasmic
energy she released, required more oxygen and she needed it soon. And
her orgasm was coming to and end. John once again pushed the needle all
the way through her nipple, and the pain just repeated through her
body. He put in the ring and then got up pulling his cock out of her
face. Barbara gasped for a breath sucking in air as soon as his cock
dislodged from her windpipe. She coughed up some of his sperm, choking
on it, then looked down at her breasts now with two big gold rings
hanging from them. There were still drops of blood oozing out from
around the rings where they punctured her nipples.

"What do you think of my whore now, he asked Tyronne?"

"I think the cunt's hurtin' a bit." Barbara had tears running down her
cheeks, half from the pain and half from cumming so violently. "But,
you know what I'd like?" Tyronne added. "I'd like the bitch to lick my
ass." "You know, a good rimming."

"Go right ahead," John replied.

Tyronne pulled from her ass, climbed over Barbara's face and lowered
his black ass onto her mouth. "Okay, you fuckin' whore, let's feel that
hot tongue." Tyronne grabbed one of the rings giving a tug on it
pulling Barbara's nipple and sending a shock wave of pain through her
breast. Barbara whimpered and immediately buried her tongue between
Tyronne's asscheeks probing right into his anus. She licked his crack
and anal hole hard, probing at his asshole making sure he derived as
much pleasure as possible to keep him from touching the nipple rings
again. She kept licking his sweaty black ass hole and all through his
crack. Tyronne reached to spread his butt cheeks apart so Barbara had
better access to his anus. And she obliged him by giving Tyronne's
asshole a first class rimming. She licked every inch of his black
puckered anal hole and even stuffed her tongue inside when he sat
harder on her face. Even Tyronne's best sluts didn't give an anal
cleaning like he was getting from Barbara. Then he finally got off
dismounting her face. "Damn, what a hot slut."

"Kelly are you learning how to be a good whore for me," he asked?
"Here, clean my cock up." Tyronne had just fucked Barbara deep in the
ass for quite some time. It still glistened with a slimy coating from
inside Barbara's rectum. Now he wanted his young teen slut to eat it
off. Reluctantly, Kelly took the head in her mouth. It was so nasty
doing this. Only moments earlier this hot black cock was inside
Barbara's ass. Now Kelly was getting a taste of it. She sucked it
deeper and deeper. She licked every inch of his cock down to his balls
cleaning his black shaft of all the smelly scum.

Tyronne stood up and remained standing over Barbara's body and watching
Kelly with her fist still inside her. Then Tyronne did the unthinkable.
He began urinating on Barbara aiming at her breasts. The hot piss
struck her open puncture wounds on her nipples and sent Barbara into a
wild frenzy. The salty hot piss burned through her tits nearly making
Barbara pass out. Then Tyronne brought the urine stream up higher
pissing into Kelly's face. "Open your mouth you filthy slut," he yelled
at Kelly. Kelly instantly obeyed scared to death of Tyronne, yet afraid
of taking the disgusting hot pee in her mouth. But she did. Tyronne
pissed in her mouth filling it before he finished. Kelly couldn't move
with her arms impaled up Barbara's holes, so she remain half lying
there between Barbara's legs with her mouth full of Tyronne's hot piss.

Tyronne squatted down to her level, "swallow you whore," he demanded.
Tears started from Kelly's eyes. Tyronne grabbed hold of Barbara's
nipple rings tugging on them. Barbara jumped uncontrollably. Her
breasts hurt from being penetrated and even more from the salty urine.
Tyronne's pulling on them only worsened the pain. "Listen you filthy
little slut," he swore at Kelly, "swallow it or I'll rip her tits right
off." Tyronne tugged on the rings again making Barbara twitch in pain.
Kelly had no choice. She couldn't let Tyronne mutilate Barbara's
beautiful breasts. Kelly closed her mouth,........"gulp!!!" Tyronne
heard the sound of his piss gushing down his teen slut's throat. He
stood back up holding his cock to Kelly's face wiping it across her
lips. He milked his cock extracting the last few drops of urine and
made Kelly lick them off as they formed on the end of his cock.

"That' my girl." "You're really gettin' the hang of it now, honey."
Tyronne relished in the fact that Kelly was so obedient to do his
bidding without question.

Once Tyronne finished his humiliation of Kelly and turning her into his
obedient piss drinking slave, he let Kelly remove her hand from
Barbara's cunt. Barbara lay there totally drained, her body aching with
pain. For the remainder of the night John and Tyronne turned their
attentions to Kelly to finalize her transformation from a sixteen year
sweetheart to a sixteen year old obedient whore. Through the course of
the night she got fucked three more times including another time in her
ass by Tyronne. Each time they finished, Kelly had to squat over
Barbara's face so Barbara could suck out the sperm from her holes. And
just insure Barbara got it all, they both yanked and played with the
nipple rings making Barbara bounce on the bed in pain as she sucked on
Kelly's cunt and asshole removing the jib pumped into the young
teenager.

Then to finish the night, John wanted a turn pissing into Kelly's
mouth. John knew Kelly wouldn't like that idea, so Tyronne stood
directly over her holding her head while John inserted his cock into
her mouth. Kelly nearly got sick from the last mouthful a few hours
ago. Now John was about to empty his full bladder in her mouth
expecting her to swallow it all. At first Kelly thought John just
wanted a blow job, but when he stood there relaxed with his semi hard
cock resting on her tongue, she knew what he was up to. She couldn't
back off, Tyronne held her head firmly. Then she felt the warm yellow
fluid gush from John's cock hitting her tongue. Her mouth filled up in
a matter of seconds. Kelly let it dribble out around his cock which got
Tyronne mad. "Drink you bitch." Tyronne pushed Kelly's head hard into
John's groin. The force caught her by surprise making her swallow and
now John's cock was pushed into the back of her mouth. His piss was
gushing into her throat and there was nothing she could do to stop it.
She had no choice but drink it down or drowned in his urine. Kelly's
stomach was already turning, she was going to get sick from it. John's
hot piss seemed to stream endlessly from his cock as Kelly swallowed
six maybe seven times taking his hot fluid into her belly.

When John finally finished relieving himself he pulled from Kelly's
mouth and began jerking himself off while he watched the teenage girl
get that flushed sick look on her face. Defiling her sweet young mouth
this way really got John horny again.

"What's the matter honey, bad taste in your mouth?" John chuckled.

"You'd better get use to it."

"You've got such a nice sweet mouth, it's just made for cock." "And
you're gonna be drinkin' allot of piss and cum working for Tyronne."

John's cock was growing again as he stroked it in front of Kelly's
pretty face.

"Let me give you some of my sweet cream. That should help you out."
Kelly thought he was going to jerk off in her face and make her eat his
load. But John had other plans.

"I'll bet your throat is even tighter than your ass." "Let's give it a
try."

He stuck his erect hard tool back into Kelly's mouth. The fright of
swallowing John's cock swept through Kelly and mixed with the sick
feeling in her belly. Kelly wasn't in the mood for anything right now.
Her gut was churning with the hot acidity piss she just swallowed. But
John was insistent to have his way with her. John grabbed her head and
began pulling her towards his groin. He was going to force his cock
down her throat. Kelly never did any deep throating before. Now she was
going to learn the hard way, by force. John's cock hit her throat
entrance and he squeezed it down. Her first instinct was to gag, and
she did. But his cock was already going down her tight throat passage.
Had it not been for his hard meat pushing down her, Kelly surely would
have thrown up everything. However, her gagging reflex in her throat
merely tightened on John's cock giving him a rather enjoyable sensation
while Kelly knelt there in total discomfort, gagging from the impaling
of her throat. John managed to stuff himself all the way down into
Kelly. Then while holding her head tight, he fucked her mouth up and
down trying to make himself cum one more time. Kelly gave up the fight,
her desire to gag was gone despite the sick feeling in her stomach, it
was useless. She became almost like a rag doll in his hands becoming
nearly limp, accepting his cock down her throat over and over. She
became his willing slut, his willing piss drinking, cum eating whore.

John went wild with Kelly's throat fucking, ramming his cock in and out
of her young teen throat.

"C'mon cunt, suck my cum out."

"Oh, yes, yes.... eat it!!!...eat it!!.....eat it cunt!!..."

His pistoning in and out continued faster and faster.

"C'mon you fuckin' little whore, take it deeper,... deeper."

"Swallow it bitch,.... swallow it."

Only gurgling came from Kelly's mouth as John's cock entered and re-
entered her throat. She only had a split second to get a breath each
time before John's cock lodged itself all the down her again and again.

"Take it cunt,"........"Take it."........"Take it...."

"Ahhhhhhhhh!!! suck the cum out of me, you fuckin' whore."

"That's it...that's it....I'm gonna cum right down your piss drinkin'
throat, you fuckin little slut."...

"Whore"......."Fuckin Whore..." "You nasty filthy fuckin' whore."

John screamed obscenities at Kelly while he violently raped her tight
throat. Then John achieved his climax. He rammed deep down into Kelly
letting go a thick hot stream of sperm into her young virgin throat.
There was no need for her to swallow, his cock was buried, jammed as
deep as it could go. Kelly felt his cock pulsating deep within her,
throbbing in her throat, pumping thick jib into her piss filled belly.
She couldn't take much more. Surely she would lose consciousness soon.
Then he pulled out letting Kelly go. She just leaned over clutching her
stomach and prayed she would either pass out or throw up. Meanwhile
John and Tyronne laughed at her. "That young bitch has got some tight
throat, Tyronne." John remarked. Then she laid down falling asleep
exhausted, with her belly full of piss and cum.

Finally morning arrived. John climbed onto the bed with Barbara to
remove the nipple rings. Carefully he removed them, poured some
antiseptic over her tits and gave them each a little kiss. "You were
worth every penny," John remarked as he handed Barbara her payment for
using her body. Tyronne and Kelly were already gone. Barbara dressed
and off she went towards home too. Amazing as it seemed, Barbara
realized she had only cum once through everything that happened. Her
body hurt, still in pain, yet she still had the urge, wanting to orgasm
again. She wanted another one like last night. As she walked to her car
the feeling intensified. She wondered why she felt this way even with
the pain and torture she endured. When she got home, she thought, she
would take a nice hot shower and masturbate to orgasm.

As she approached her car, she heard her name called. Barbara looked
back, it was Kelly. When she caught up to Barbara she explained how she
left Tyronne. She wasn't quite ready to work for him. At the moment
Kelly had no place to stay. Barbara offered to let her come stay are
her place and she accepted.




Chapter 15

Barbara and Kelly lived together for nearly two weeks. During that time
Barbara told Kelly about her many sexual encounters and how she slowly
developed herself into the slut she was. Barbara didn't really see
herself that way, as a slut, but rather that she just enjoyed a
sexually uninhibited lifestyle. Kelly, being a sixteen year old
beautiful blonde, was fascinated by Barbara's stories. The more she
heard, the more she wanted to become like Barbara and do some of the
same things.

Kelly explained to Barbara that she didn't have much experience
sexually. Her only boyfriend had moved away a month ago from her
hometown and coupled with the problems she was having with her parents,
it prompted her to run away. Kelly was such a pretty young girl, she
could have had any boy in school she wanted. She had such a cute
attractive face, sandy blonde hair to her shoulders and such perfectly
formed, petite pert breasts. Kelly was only five feet, one inch tall
with a small framed body. But the way that body was shaped was an
incredible sight. She had such a tiny cute ass, a slim waist and
beautifully shaped legs. One look at Kelly and you knew that getting in
bed with her would result in nothing but the time of your life and for
sure an incredible fuck. Now, Kelly wanted to learn from Barbara how to
use her body for her own enjoyment as well. And Barbara was the right
one to teach her.

Kelly and Barbara spent most of the two weeks learning about each
others bodies, especially Kelly. Kelly seemed to enjoy Barbara's 38"
breasts tremendously. She loved sucking on them and burying her face
between them. And she loved sitting on Barbara's beautiful blonde
haired face, getting her cunt eaten while she would fist Barbara's cunt
with her tiny hand. They wound up being lesbian lovers all day and at
night became man-crazy whores, looking to get a goodnight or an all
night fuck.

Last evening, Barbara was offered a job for both her and Kelly at a
bachelor party for twenty men. It had been awhile since Barbara
participated in an all night orgy, so this sounded like a lot of fun.
She planned on giving these guys a time they would never forget. Also,
it would be Kelly's true test of how much she learned from Barbara. And
how much of a whore she really wanted to be. Kelly had come a long way
over the past two weeks, but could she handle a crowd of men. Fucking
one man was no problem, she even had two men for a whole night a few
days ago. But twenty horny guys all night long, looking for nothing but
how many times they could do it. It truly would be a test for Kelly to
see if her young teenage body could keep pace with Barbara's and all
her wild fantasies.

The night of the bachelor, both Barbara and Kelly made sure they
dressed extra special. They wanted to be sure to arouse all of the men
as soon as they arrived at the party. Each had tight short skirts to
show off their legs and slim waists. Also, skintight pullover tops with
no bras, so their nipples would poke through the material. Of course,
they had a lot of makeup on to make them look like high class sluts
begging for a fuck. Once they were ready, off they went.

Barbara and Kelly arrived at the bachelor party around eight o'clock.
Everyone was there waiting for them. There were twenty men ready for a
good time tonight. They had heard about Barbara and how good she was in
bed. They had heard she would do anything. As the night would progress,
they would find out first hand. Kelly was coming along pretty good too.
Over the past couple weeks Barbara managed to corrupt nearly all of
her. The only thing Kelly still had a tough time with, was having
someone urinate in her mouth. She still remembered how brutally she was
treated last month and how she was forced to swallow the hot disgusting
urine, as her mouth was pissed in. Everyday Barbara introduced her to
new things and new experiences. Even tonight was something new for
Kelly. There were twenty men at tonight's party, which was more than
she ever had before at one time. When they arrived there, already the
men were drinking pretty heavily and for sure once they were drunked
up, they all would be looking to fuck all night long.

Barbara and Kelly wasted no time. They went to the center of the room
and playfully stripped each other. Once they were both naked, they
kissed and fingered each other caressing each others breasts and legs
working towards the growing wetness between their legs. Two of the guys
decided to join in right away. They stripped down too and joined
Barbara and Kelly who now were on the floor, Kelly laying down with
Barbara eating on her slit. One of the guys straddled Kelly's head
wiping his cock across her face until she took him in her mouth. The
other guy went for Barbara, first giving her a taste of his cock, then
moving around behind her to insert his tool in Barbara's wet cunt. The
night's action was in progress.

Barbara's hole got pounded for a good ten minutes while the others
undressed. Once his cock was ready to start throbbing, he withdrew and
Barbara swung around taking him in her mouth to receive and swallow her
first load of the night. At about the same time Kelly got creamed too.
She got some tremendous heavy spurts of hot cum poured on her face and
in her mouth. She licked and swallowed it, getting to taste most of the
jib he unloaded.

After they finished, Barbara and Kelly split up. The next man up wanted
Kelly's tight little ass. This guy, John, seemed real anxious to
squeeze his nine incher up Kelly's cute, tiny puckered asshole. Kelly
could overhear a lot of the conversations on how they couldn't wait get
a crack at the little girl's ass. She knew her backdoor was going to
get a good workout tonight.

John lead Kelly over to the sofa. She stood in front of him as he
caressed and pawed at her 5'1" 90 pound body. Kelly's small petite
figure just made him and the rest of guys that much more horny thinking
about fucking her tiny holes. John spent a lot of time playing with
Kelly's cute breasts. Just looking at them was a real turn on making
John's cock hard as a rock. Kelly's young tender breasts, although not
large, were just perfect for her small framed body. As John caressed
and touched them, her nipples responded becoming incredibly large and
puffy. Kelly's adolescent breasts and nipples were still in the process
of developing. But she knew she liked they way John was fondling them,
making her young delicate flesh tingle.

His caresses made her nipples protrude out more from her breasts making
them feel like they were growing larger and larger. John then
delicately kissed and sucked on her dark red 16 year old tits. The
young tender flesh puffed out even more from her breasts and he
remarked on how soft they felt on his tongue. As John licked and
mouthed the nipple meat, her dark puffy tits really did grow larger,
actually bulging into his mouth. It was so incredibly arousing seeing
and feeling her body respond to his advances. He aroused Kelly too,
tremendously, as he sucked on them, almost making it feel as though he
could suck off her tender sensitive nipple meat from the rest of her
breast. Kelly closed her eyes enjoying his mouth, his tongue, his teeth
scraping across her breasts alternating between the two. He took her
whole tit in his mouth, sucking on her nipples, pulling them into his
mouth and tonguing her enormously bulging tit flesh. Occasionally, John
would stop to admire her young dark flesh, then grab her bulging nipple
between his thumb and finger pinching it, squeezing the thick soft tit
meat, sending a little wave of pain through Kelly's small pert breasts.
That only made Kelly moan louder. John squeezed and pinched harder as
Kelly became more aroused. He yanked and pulled on her tits, to the
point of mauling her sweet beautiful breasts. Her body felt so alive
and so aroused. Kelly got the point where she couldn't take it any
longer and begged for him to fuck her.

"You gotta fuck me...." "Now!!!!!!" "Please!!!"

"C'mon, fuck me in the ass."

"That's what you wanted, right?"


"Stick that cock up my asshole."

Kelly just knelt down thrusting her tiny ass in the air and to let John
drive right in. Immediately, he poked his cock around her anal pucker
and pushed it right in. His cock hurt penetrating her asshole, as he
slammed in without any lubrication. He dry fucked Kelly's bunghole for
five minutes while he hugged her petite body wrapping his arms around
her, squeezing those fantastic swollen nipples. Even though pain
rippled through her anus from being fucked dry, it felt good. And her
nipples hurt from his pinching, harder and harder, but it felt good
too. Her whole body felt good, she was getting fucked, assfucked, and
fucked hard. Finally he was ready to shoot his load, and he did. It
burst in torrents into her rectum, shooting most of his sperm in her
ass and dripping some down her asscrack as he withdrew. His big load of
jib was going to make it easier for the rest to fuck her backdoor hole.
And a few others were already waiting for their turn to fuck the
teenager's tight little asshole.

Meanwhile Barbara had her own following. There was a line in front of
her as she kneeled on the floor, each of them waiting for a blowjob.
She sucked their cocks one at a time, deep throating them, letting each
one feel the tightness deep down her throat. She teased them, at first,
slowly swallowing their hard cockmeat an inch at a time until her lips
pressed against their groins. Then she fucked her mouth on their cocks
taking their meat in and out of her throat so they could feel their
cocks squeezing down and then out and back down her sweet throat. She
loved hearing their different comments each time their shaft
disappeared through her lips.

"God, what a tight throat."

 "What a hungry fuckin' bitch."

 "She's a great cocksucker."

"Take it deep, honey." "Yess.. God, yess....swallow it."

Then, when she knew they were ready, she let them blow their loads in
her mouth and all over her face. She swallowed every drop from each
man, cleaning her face up in between so as not to waste any of their
precious sperm. Then she thanked them for their delicious hot cum and
sucked them one last time before moving on to the next.

There was only one black man in the whole crowd. When he approached
Barbara he was somewhat hesitant, fully expecting Barbara to shy away
from sucking his black cock. But Barbara looked up at him saying,
"black cock....my favorite." "I can't wait to taste your cum." Then she
sucked him right in while he got the biggest smile on his face. A few
minutes later, Barbara paused to give him an extra special treat. She
lifted his cock and began licking his black balls. She licked them
fully, underneath his scrotum soaking his balls in her saliva. Then
gently she sucked his sack into her mouth getting a good taste of his
sweaty black balls. Then before resuming his blowjob, she licked his
crotch, working her tongue between his legs all the way in his groin.
She licked under his nut sack too, tonguing his sensitive skin leading
back to his black asshole. He nearly shot his load feeling her tongue
back there. But then his cock wound up back in Barbara's mouth and
seconds later he gave her a mouthful of his black seed.

Barbara looked over toward Kelly seeing her still on hands and knees.
Over an hour had passed and the young teenager still had a cock in her
ass. There were still three more guys waiting their turn to fuck
Kelly's asshole. Kelly was just whimpering as they pounded away in her
ass. Barbara watched the man pull from Kelly and dump his load on her
face. Kelly was doing a good job and enjoying herself. She swallowed
most all of their loads when they came on her face. And she wasn't shy
about cleaning up their cocks after they'd been in her ass either.
Kelly had learned to like the taste of her own ass. She liked the musty
anal taste on the men's cocks. As she cleaned this one up, another took
his place inserting his cock in Kelly's rectum. Her asshole barely had
a chance to close up. It just gaped wide open waiting for the next hard
piece of cockmeat to fill it.

Barbara was just finishing with the sixth or maybe seventh cock, she
had already lost count. Already she was at the point of being so turned
on, so horny, she would do anything. Her face was loaded with sticky,
half dried cum and some of the last load was dripping down her chin.
She sat there relaxing in the middle of the floor with her held tilted
back, mouth wide open, waiting for the next cock to fill her throat.
Moments later, the next man named Bill positioned himself standing over
Barbara.

"Here goes honey." "All the way down."

He lowered himself down bringing his cock to Barbara's face. He was the
biggest one yet. His cock was easily twelve inches. She licked at his
cock, then licked and tasted his balls. Then he slipped his cock in her
waiting mouth and plunged himself all the way down Barbara's throat in
one motion. It didn't phase Barbara in the least. She swallowed his
twelve inch tool without any difficulty at all. Up and down he throat-
fucked Barbara, pistoning in and out of her tight gullet, fucking her
beautiful face. She sat there taking it over and over, faster and
faster, letting Bill's big hard cock ram down her. She loved the way it
felt squeezing down, forcing her throat open to take in the stiff
cockmeat. And how turned on it made Barbara feel, as it traveled deep
down inside her throat, gripping his hard cock so tightly that it grew
hotter and harder inside her mouth preparing itself to fill her up with
sperm.

"You got a nice throat honey." "I sure love fucking it."

"You're first one to handle all of me."

Barbara felt his cock getting stiffer and stiffer. It began to feel
almost like a steel rod stabbing in and out of her. And she was getting
so horny from the cock swallowing, she knew she had to make herself
cum. She just couldn't take it any more. While Bill kept fucking her
throat, Barbara began furiously fingering herself, jamming two then
three fingers up her cunt. Within seconds she was ready to orgasm. She
began tightening her throat around Bill's cock. The added friction
squeezing down her throat made Bill go wild. He was ready to cum too,
and Barbara knew it. Then Barbara's orgasm burst through her body. She
locked her mouth around Bill's big cock squeezing his hard shaft with
her throat. Bill actually had to squat on her face with his cock and
force the remainder of his long shaft down, impaling himself in her
throat. Then he came. His cock throbbed like he never felt before,
blasting wads of cum deep inside her.

"Ahhhhhhh!!!!! Fuck!!!!!"

"Start swallowing, bitch."

Barbara's throat merely twitched as her own orgasm shook through her
and Bill's cum poured into her throat. She swallowed his load trying to
gulp it with her throat muscles, helping milk the cum from his
throbbing twelve inch cock. When he was drained, he slowly extracted
his tool. It glistened from the cum and saliva that coated Barbara's
tight throat. She felt so good as remnants of her own orgasm still
lingered in her body. Barbara grabbed the shiny gleaming cock and
licked it like a lollipop to clean up all of his fresh jib. She jerked
it with two hands squeezing out another small cum glob which formed on
the tip. Then she sucked his cockhead cleaning up that last bit of his
sperm. Bill just shuddered as he stood there watching Barbara suck him
dry.

"That was the best fucking blowjob I've ever had." Bill commented as he
stepped away from Barbara. "You sure can take it deep, honey."




Chapter 16

Bill and Barbara stood there staring at each other. Bill was totally
drained from the fantastic blowjob. All he could do was gaze into
Barbara's beautiful eyes in amazement that this gorgeous creature of a
woman had such a talented mouth. Barbara too was somewhat drained after
swallowing Bill's long cock. She always did enjoy a big cock down her
throat. She knew guys with big cocks didn't often meet someone that
could deep throat them. And that thought excited Barbara that much
more.

Bill started walking away announcing that he had to go to the bathroom.
All the beer obviously was getting to him and to everyone else. As he
moved away Barbara asked, "wouldn't you rather piss in my mouth?" He
stopped dead in his tracks looking back at Barbara. "Are you serious?"
He asked. "Of course I am." Barbara replied. "Give me some in a glass."
"I'll drink it."

"I don't believe this," he commented grabbing a glass off the table.
"Are you really going to drink my piss?" He aimed his cock in the glass
pausing for a moment all excited at the prospect of seeing this
gorgeous blonde do an utterly filthy act. He took a deep breath and let
go a steady stream filling the glass about three quarter full before
cutting his flow off. Barbara reached for the glass of the warm yellow
fluid. She looked right at him as she brought the glass to her lips.

"You're really gonna do it, aren't you?" Bill asked again in disbelief.
She tipped the glass sipping a mouthful. Then she swallowed and licked
her lips. "Ahhh!!! That's good," she commented.

"God damn, you're a nasty bitch." Bill replied. "you've done this
before haven't you?" Barbara just smiled while she took the glass and
slowly tilted the glass drinking the rest. Bill stood there holding his
cock watching her. "What a fuckin' slut." "That's it, drink, you
whore."

By the time Barbara finished the glass she had an audience watching
her. "Want some more?" Bill asked. Barbara answered by setting the
glass down and opening her mouth. "Fuck!!", was the only thing Bill
could say. Bill put his cock aimed right into her mouth and let go a
little stream. It trickled into her mouth until her tongue was covered
and Bill squeezed his cock stopping the flow. Barbara closed her lips,
swallowed the hot piss and opened up for more. "Ahhh..., that's good,"
Barbara reassured. Then again Bill aimed into her opened lips,
releasing a piss stream that filled her mouth more quickly and Barbara
swallowed that too. "Ahhh!!!, that's so good, give me more." Barbara
opened up once more and collected another mouthful of his hot yellow
piss. "Gulp!!!" And that was gone too. Four more times Barbara took a
mouthful of Bill's piss as he emptied his bladder a mouthful at a time.
She drank every drop, flushing it down her throat into her already cum-
filled stomach.

Then one of Bill's friends took his place. It looked like everyone had
to take a piss and they were waiting to give it to Barbara. This time
Barbara simply took the cock in her mouth and mumbled, "okay, let it
go." Seconds later Barbara was gulping as fast as she could as this
guy's cock flooded her mouth with his hot gushing piss. Barbara drank
it down as it filled her mouth like drinking from a garden hose. Every
so often the quantity was more than she could handle and it overflowed
her mouth. The urine dribbled out down her chin onto her breasts and
down her chest.

Then a third guy was up in front of Barbara and he began urinating into
Barbara's mouth. While his cock drained another was jerking off
watching Barbara. By the time she finished her third bladder of urine
he was ready to cum. No sooner had Barbara swallowed the last mouthful
of piss, she got a mouthful of his cum. And the load was tremendous,
blasting in torrents from his cock. Barbara had cum plastered all over
her face and dripping down her cheeks in addition to a mouthful of the
thick hot sperm.

Barbara's whorish activities took some of the attention away from
Kelly. This was the longest stretch that Kelly's asshole was empty.
There were just too many of the guys waiting for Barbara. One guy had
to pee so bad, he ran over to Kelly, stood over her cute ass, that he
fucked not more than ten minutes earlier, and pissed right on her.
"Spread that ass open," he barked out to Kelly as his piss hit her rear
end. He was drunked up pretty good and was really getting nasty,
yelling at Kelly. Kelly reached around spreading her cheeks apart. She
had been fucked so many times in her ass it was easy making her loose
asshole open. As she stretched her cheeks apart her anal hole opened up
forming a gaping cave. He aimed his piss stream right in her ass. His
aim was impeccable as it entered Kelly's anal hole splashing and
gurgling inside her, filling her rectum with hot pee. When he finished
Kelly let her hands go and her filled up ass closed holding in the hot
urine.

"How's that feel in there, bitch?"

"Ever have you ass pissed in?" Kelly's bowels were full of his urine.
It felt so warm inside her, actually feeling pretty good.

"Looks like you like getting a piss enema, don't ya, little cunt."

Kelly didn't answer, in fact she didn't care that he pissed in her ass.
If that's what turned him on then fine. As long as he didn't want to
piss in her mouth. She just couldn't bring herself to do that again.

"I'll bet your slut girlfriend will drink it from your ass." "What'd
you think?..........................

Kelly knew Barbara enjoyed taking it in the mouth. And she actually
liked swallowing it. Barbara always did get off on doing things that
her men thought were nasty. But this, releasing an assful of piss into
Barbara. How utterly disgusting, Kelly thought.

"Let's go see your girlfriend," he demanded.

He led Kelly over to Barbara where she was just finishing another
bladderful.

"All right you filthy little whore," he commanded to Barbara. "Lie
down." "I got a surprise for you." "I just pissed in your girlfriend's
ass, let's see you drink that too."

Barbara eagerly laid down on her back and Kelly positioned herself
squatting over Barbara's face. Barbara opened her mouth awaiting Kelly
to release the stored up urine from her rectum. Kelly was shocked that
Barbara so willingly obeyed. She surprisingly enough, wanted to do
this. Kelly settled herself over Barbara's open mouth. In her squatting
position, it looked like Kelly was ready to take a dump in Barbara's
mouth. Then a couple little squirts came shooting out into Barbara's
mouth. She swallowed it right down. A couple more squirts escaped and
Barbara swallowed them too. Then she stretched her neck up licking
Kelly's tiny asshole trying to relax her so she could expel the rest of
fresh hot fluid.

Suddenly, the piss started gushing out of Kelly's asshole. The urine
splashed all over Barbara's face, most of it going into her open mouth.
Barbara gulped quickly swallowing it all and then caught another
mouthful. Her face was drenched in the hot fluid, As the urine
continued flooding Barbara's face, some stuck on Barbara's face.
Barbara took everything until Kelly finished, swallowing it all. Then
she licked her lips showing the guys that she like the taste and
enjoyed drinking piss from Kelly's ass. Finally, the flow from Kelly's
rectum stopped and Barbara again, leaned up to Kelly's ass and
thoroughly cleaned her puckered asshole licking it clean.

Then if Barbara's filthy perversion wasn't enough, she proceeded even
further. Barbara pushed Kelly off her face and made her kneel on hands
and knees. Barbara then quickly disconnected the clear plastic hose
from the empty keg of beer and returned to Kelly. Barbara took one end
of the plastic hose and inserted it into Kelly's asshole. She forced
the tip of it in, then started pushing it deeper and deeper and deeper.
Barbara must have shoved about a foot of the plastic tube inside
Kelly's ass and still she was trying to get it further up inside
Kelly's rectum. Kelly was wiggling her butt as she felt it sliding deep
inside her. It almost felt as though it were all the way up into her
belly. Then Barbara stopped inserting it, placed the other end in her
mouth, and began sucking on it. Barbara was going to get the last drops
of piss out of Kelly. She was going to suck it out and clean Kelly's
insides.

Barbara sucked hard and Kelly could feel the strange sensation of her
rectum getting vacuumed out. A little fluid passed through the hose and
quickly entered Barbara's mouth. She stopped momentarily to swallow it.
Then she did some more sucking and the hose filled with a thick tanish
slime that slowly oozed through the tube and into Barbara's mouth. She
swallowed, then she sucked, then swallowed and sucked everything that
was inside Kelly. It was hard to believe there was still that much of
the piss mixture still inside Kelly. But finally the tube emptied
leaving Barbara sucking air and making Kelly go wild from the unusual
internal suck job she was getting. Barbara gave Kelly's asshole one
last lick, burying her face in Kelly's crack, cleaning it up one more
time. Barbara sat back smacking her lips as Kelly turned over pulling
the tube from her butt and watching Barbara finished her anal treat.

"Now this is what you call a slut, guys." One of the guys remarked.
"She's a real hot, piss drinking whore."

"She's the nastiest, filthiest cunt I've ever seen," said another.

Then Barbara commented, "I think I should clean up a bit, guys." "I
must look a mess."

Barbara really was mess. Her face was covered in a sperm and piss
mixture. It didn't really seem to bother her that much, though. She
wasn't in much of a hurry to clean herself off. Actually, she continued
licking her lips.

"Why don't you guys wash me off."

Barbara held her head up high as she sat on the floor offering her
filthy body to the room full of horny men. They got the idea real
quick. Three guys with full bladders moved in place and began pissing
onto Barbara. They aimed at her head first blasting their hot urine in
Barbara's face. Quickly all the scum washed from Barbara and ran down
her lovely body. Then she caught some piss in her mouth, gargled with
it, and gulped it down. Barbara was being more than just a piss
drinking whore. She was the dirtiest, filthiest cunt any of the men had
ever seen. They called her every name you could think of as they
urinated all over her. The more they defiled her the more Barbara like
it.

"You fuckin little whore."............... "Piss drinking
bitch."........

"Little ass whore.".........................................

"Filthy cunt."................................

Two men were pissing on her head soaking her beautiful blonde hair.
Another was shooting his stream right in her face.

"Piss slut.".....................................

"Drink our piss, you cunt,..... you slut,........ fuckin' whore."

"Swallow it, you fucking whore,....you fucking whore.....FUCKIN'
WHORE."

When they finished urinating, Barbara crawled to one of them and licked
his cock clean. She sucked every drop from his cock. Then, to his
surprise, she moved around behind him to lick his ass. She tongued into
his asscrack eventually forcing him down on the floor with her. Barbara
buried her face in his ass licking him feverishly as she slipped deeper
and deeper into her world of the nasty and dirty to satisfy her filthy
lust. She was already soaked in piss, her hair was drenched and her
belly was full. But still she wanted more, her lust drove her crazy.
And the guy Barbara was anally licking was going wild too. Barbara
licked and sucked in his crack and on his asshole. Then she pulled his
legs up and back down to his head exposing his wide open crack. She
spread his cheeks even wider as she licked him. He moaned in pleasure
as Barbara tongued his asshole.

"Oh yes, baby, lick my asshole."

" That's it deeper deeper." "Lick my ass."

He relaxed enjoying the anal tongue bath allowing his puckered anus to
part open for Barbara.

"God, you're a nasty bitch."

"Yes, lick my asshole, honey." "Lick it." "Lick it, deeper."

"Get that tongue in there, you filthy whore."

"Lick it." "Deeper, deeper."

She dipped her tongued into his hole licking the dark pink flesh. It
wasn't a playful tease at licking either. Barbara was dining on his
asshole, probing and slurping on his bunghole. It was so nasty tasting
his hidden anal flesh, she loved it. She licked and bathed his back
hole tonguing deep inside and pausing at times to relish in the
forbidden taste.

Her tongue disappeared through his soft anal tissue penetrating his
hole. Over and over she tongue fucked his asshole. She lapped hungrily
with each probe inside his rectum on the soft anal flesh licking up the
slimy coating inside his ass.

"Ahhhhhh!!!!!...Fuckin' dirty cunt," he bellowed out.

"Nasty bitch." "Ahhhhhhh!!!!!....."

"Lick it." "Yes, that's it, Lick it."

"Lick from my ass, slut." "Lick my asshole."

"You nasty fuckin' slut whore."

To the others it looked she was trying to suck the shit right out of
him. And if she did, in her present state, she would have eaten that
too. She sucked on him for nearly ten minutes, panting and slurping in
his rectum. Then she rolled him over. Barbara immediately went down on
his hard cock, deep throating him. That exposed her beautiful ass to
the rest of the guys. The men watching were so horny from seeing
Barbara's anal licking, it was a race to see whose hard cock was
getting into her ass. The lucky guy getting there first sunk his nine
inch prick right in her asshole. The other four watching had to be
content jerking off as they watched Barbara deep throating one cock as
the other drilled up her ass. Both cocks were kept fucking her
simultaneously until the one in her ass neared his orgasm. Then he went
wild buttfucking Barbara violently. She swallowed the cock in her mouth
holding it down her throat while she waited for the other to shoot his
load in her ass. But then the cock in her throat swelled and in a
matter seconds flooded her with his load of jib right into her belly.
And then, at the same time her ass got filled with hot cum.

When they finally finished with her the four jerking off were ready to
cream. When Barbara saw them she immediately invited them to her face.
"Cum on my face, guys." "All of you." "Shoot it all over me." And they
did. First one shot his jib all over her face, across her nose and in
her eyes. Then two at the same time, one with several hard blasts of
heavy sperm plastering her beautiful face and the other shot a couple
big globs on her cheek that began to drip down the side of her face.
Then the fourth one came, Barbara already had a faceful, she was
covered in cum. But he deposited more, cumming on her forehead, nose
and spread some across her lips. You could barely see Barbara's face
from all the sperm. But she methodically licked her lips and slowly
began scraping the white cream from her face and eating it off her
fingers until she was all cleaned up.

Everyone was so busy either watching, fucking or pissing on Barbara,
they forgot about Kelly. Now that Barbara finished her anal tonguing
show, had her piss bath and a cum facial, Barbara and the rest glanced
over toward Kelly sitting on the floor leaning against the sofa.

"Get a look at the teen whore, guys. She's fisting herself."

Kelly had her own fist buried up her own cunt. Her whole entire hand
was gone, completely inserted inside her own tiny cunthole. She was in
a delirium as she fisted herself too. She was almost near an orgasm as
she kept jamming her hole with her fist, her eyes half closed and
unaware that all attention was now on her. Kelly fucked herself harder
and faster and faster, fisting her cunt, while a fellow named George
moved over to her jerking his cock. When George stood over her, Kelly
looked up but kept right on working her cunt.

"That's it honey," he urged her on. "Jam it up there." "Ram that fist
up your young cunt."

With his encouragement, she orgasmed, tightening her body and moaning
out loud as she convulsed in pleasure. "Ohhhh!!!!!"....."Ohhhhh!!!!
"Ahhhhhh!!!!!! "George was ready now too, seeing Kelly enjoying herself
so much and watching her small fist disappear through her moist slit.
He let go a blast of sperm in Kelly's face. Kelly loved it, feeling the
sticky load all over her as she slowly removed her fist from her
cumming cunt. Then she reached for George's spasming cock. He had
already covered Kelly's face with his load. Kelly only used his shaft
to smear the hot cum around her face and push some of it into her
mouth. It felt so nice feeling his hot cum splattering her face,
running down her cheeks, and seeping into her mouth as she came at the
same time. Her orgasm subsiding, Kelly just leaned back and relaxed as
George walked away. She made no attempt to clean up. She left her face
covered in sperm, occasionally playing with it, rubbing it into her
soft skin.

Kelly rested a little while, which she needed after that last orgasm.
Her whole body felt drained. Just a little rest and then she would be
able to continue on.




Chapter 17

Kelly laid down on the floor taking her well deserved rest. Barbara got
up making a trip to the kitchen. When she return it was apparent she
was still horny as hell and looking for more crude nasty things to do.
Barbara returned with a pint of chocolate milk and a small plastic
funnel. She helped Kelly back up on her knees, even though she wasn't
quite ready for more yet. Barbara took the funnel and inserted the end
into Kelly's asshole. She inserted the whole shaft portion in Kelly's
ass, first slipping in the tip, then shoving the rest of the plastic
funnel shaft deep up inside her rectum. Once fully inserted with the
flared out portion of the funnel resting on Kelly's butt cheeks, she
started pouring the container of chocolate milk into the funnel. It
gurgled around slowly pouring into Kelly's rectum. Barbara had to shake
and wiggle the funnel a bit in order to get all the milk inside her.
Kelly knew what Barbara was up to, and like before, she attracted
everyone to watch. Kelly even wiggled her cute butt around shaking the
milk inside her. With her ass so high up in the air and moving around,
she could feel the milk seeping deeper inside her body.

Next, Barbara took the clear plastic tube she used earlier, and as
before shoved that up Kelly's ass. Again she pushed it deep inside
Kelly until it stopped deep up inside her rectum. Then using it as a
straw, Barbara starting drinking the chocolate milk from Kelly's ass.
Everyone was crowding around closer to Kelly and Barbara to watch the
ass sucking performance. The clear tube turned brown from the chocolate
milk as it flowed through into Barbara's mouth and down her throat. She
kept sucking on the tube drinking all the milk from Kelly's ass.

Barbara finally got to the end of her snack as her big straw emptied.
She gave a couple more pushes on the tube, wiggling it around, and
actually was able to shove it deeper inside Kelly. Kelly squirmed a
little as it must have moved further up her anal channel traveling
deeper inside her body. Barbara sucked a couple more times again and
got out a little more thick brown stuff. Barbara was finished. Then she
let some dribble from her mouth for everyone to see. She sure knew how
to show off her slutty talents. Barbara was getting all the guys
aroused again watching her give Kelly her second anal cleaning of the
night and drinking it.

"She's got to be the filthiest whore alive," was the first comment.

"Damn right." another agreed. "She'll do anything." "What a fuckin'
slut."

The comments continued, and Barbara was loving it.

"You're such a slut whore, baby." "Nasty cunt."

"She makes me so horny, I want to piss on her again."

"Go ahead do it." Barbara replied. "Piss on me, then fuck me."

A few seconds later piss was splashing all over Barbara. The horny guy
showered Barbara with his full bladder washing off her face. Barbara
grabbed a couple quick mouthfuls to wash down the heavy paste in her
mouth. And by the time he finished urinating on her, all evidence of
her anal meal was gone. Her face, hair, and chest were all wet
glistening from her golden shower. But that didn't matter, she was
ready to fuck now.

Barbara took the top position making one of the guys lay down while she
sat on his stiff cock. The single black man was back again. He was
going to take Barbara's backdoor. He stood over Barbara's ass and
guided his black meat in Barbara's anal hole pushing all the way in.
"Yes, that's it, two at once." Barbara exclaimed. Both men fucked her
hard, bucking wildly, driving their cocks over and over in both holes
at the same time. Barbara screamed in pleasure from the double
penetration. She loved it in both holes at once. Their cocks felt so
hard stabbing in and out of her body. She was going to cum as she
always did when she got double teamed. A few moments later two cocks
were spurting inside Barbara while she enjoyed a body wrenching orgasm
making her shiver in delight as her body filled with more cum.

"I want more."

"I want everybody to fuck me."

"Fuck my cunt." "Fuck my asshole."

"Ram it in me hard."

Two more men took their turns fucking Barbara, one in her cunt and one
in her asshole. And again she had two cocks at once pumping her,
fucking her and filling her. It became a savage fucking of her body,
both men brutally ramming her fuckholes until they came. Then two more
men took their places and the animalistic fucking continued. Barbara
screamed as they literally sodomized her, not in pain, but in the
ecstasy she felt from it. "Oh yes," "God yes".....deeper in my
asshole." "Fuck my ass deeper." For anybody else this would have been
rape. But for Barbara, this was her pleasure, to be fucked nearly
senseless. She demanded a brutal fucking, especially in her ass. Then
more cum filled her and two more cocks penetrated her.

It took nearly an hour for Barbara to get double fucked ten times. Her
asshole felt like it was on fire and both her cunt and rectum were full
of sperm dripping with cum. During the session she came three times
herself, each one more intense than the one before. When they finally
finished her, it was definitely time for a little rest. Barbara sat
back stuffing her fingers in her cunt pulling out some of the cream and
eating it. "God I love cum, it's so good." Then she returned in for
more. "Mmmmmmmmm, so good." When she finished all she could from her
slit, then Barbara stuffed a couple fingers in her asshole doing the
same, eating the cum deposited in body. "Tastes so good." And back in
her ass again this time offering some to Kelly who licked it from her
fingers. Finally it was her time for a little rest.

For a half hour they all merely chatted, mostly about Barbara and Kelly
and how incredibly great they were. It was nearly 3 A.M. now, and
everybody was pretty spent.

After about a half hour Barbara and Kelly both resumed work on their
hands and knees slowly sucking a semi hard cock, trying to bring it
back to life. Bill was just coming back in from outside after letting
his dog out that had been in the kitchen all evening. When Bill's
German Shepherd came in and saw two butts up in the air, he couldn't
help but to wander over and investigate. Rusty approached Barbara's
butt first sniffing her behind. Then he gave a few licks on her ass.
Barbara looked over her shoulder, wondering about the strange new
feeling. It felt a lot different from all the men who had licked her
this evening. Seeing Rusty there didn't phase at all. She just went
back down on the cock she was servicing to finish the job.

Once she finished with Bill's friend, she turned her attentions to
Rusty. The dog's cock was starting to protrude from it's sheath. It was
a deep dark red and growing and growing longer and longer. That gave
Barbara an idea to wake up this group of guys.

"Want to watch me suck the dog?" She asked the crowd.

The room was silent. No one said a word. Barbara didn't need them to
answer, she was going to suck Rusty off. She knew it would make them go
nuts watching her suck on a dog cock. How much more filthy could she be
for them? Barbara reached underneath Rusty, touching his cock, feeling
it grow in her hand. Finally it reached almost eight inches long.
Everyone in the room stopped what they were doing to watch Barbara.
Kelly stopped sucking too, to see Barbara's next nasty demonstration.

Barbara stroked Rusty's hard red cock in her hand. Then she laid down
sliding on her back under the dog's hind legs until her mouth was
inches from Rusty's dark veiny meat. Barbara took the tip to her lips
and gingerly licked the end of the cock. Then a couple inches
disappeared inside her mouth with her lips wrapped around it. She
jerked it a few times in and out of her mouth. Barbara felt how
slippery and slimy the dog cock was passing through her lips. She took
a couple more inches in her mouth. Rusty didn't move. He let Barbara
suck him. At the base of his shaft a large knot was beginning to grow
larger and larger. Rusty was getting quite aroused as Barbara sucked on
his meat.

Kelly decided since Barbara was getting all the attention now, that she
would help her out. So, Kelly quickly went to find her purse and pulled
out her favorite ten inch dildo. It was a huge rubber cock with a giant
fat cock head on the end. Over the past few weeks, Barbara had learned
to love the way it felt when Kelly would stuff it up her cunt. Once she
would get it inside her slit, how wonderful it felt penetrating deep up
her cunthole. Kelly crawled up between Barbara's spread open legs and
as Barbara sucked the dog cock, Kelly inserted the dildo up Barbara's
cunt. She teased Barbara awhile, slowly wiggling the fat rubber
cockhead in, then pulling it out, reinserting it, and reinserting it
again. The huge balled tip drove Barbara nuts as it stretched her slit
open over and over. Then Kelly drove it deeper and deeper fucking
Barbara hard with the rubber cock. Barbara was loving it too. The giant
head traveled deeper inside Barbara as Kelly forced it all the way in
until she felt it hit bottom in the deepest part of Barbara cunt. Kelly
drove Barbara crazy when she kept jabbing it harder and harder against
the back walls of her womb. The harder Kelly fucked her deep cunthole
the harder Barbara sucked Rusty's growing animal meat hanging between
his hind legs.

Now about six inches of dog cock was sliding in and out of Barbara's
mouth. She backed off for a moment to get a few breaths and comment on
her new experience.

"I like dog cock, it tastes good."

"Can't wait to taste the dog cum."

Then she swallowed it back in her mouth, this time all eight inches up
to the giant knob that had grown almost to the size of a tennis ball.
Rusty's cock was down Barbara's throat and her lips were pressed
against the dog's hard knot in his shaft. Again, Barbara pulled out and
swallowed it back down her throat. She fucked her face with Rusty's
cock over and over, swallowing the slimy red shaft countless times down
her throat. Rusty was helping her too. He was fucking with his hind end
helping impale Barbara's throat. Then Barbara held it in down her
gullet by actually pulling on Rusty's hind end with her hands, holding
him in place down her throat. By this time Kelly's dildo fucking was
really making Barbara insane. It wouldn't be long before she came. She
starting working her lips opening them wider trying to take more dog
cock. But there was no more, all of Rusty's cock was down her throat.
She pulled harder on Rusty's hind end. Her lips began stretching up
over the shaft's big bulging knot. Everyone was astonished watching
what she was trying to do. Was Barbara trying to swallow the whole big
knot? Was Barbara so vile that she would swallow and engorge her throat
entirely with a big hard dog cock. Could she open her mouth and throat
enough to take the whole thing in?

She pulled harder and her lips wrapped around more of the red knob
inching it's way in her mouth. Kelly rammed the dildo up her hole.
Barbara pulled on Rusty again and a little more cock disappeared.
Barbara felt the dildo again ram up her, hitting bottom deep inside
her. Then, she made a quick pull on Rusty's hind end and she went over
the half way mark, her lips slipping over the back half engulfing the
whole knot. Rusty's cock had penetrated deeper down Barbara's throat as
the cum engorged knot filled Barbara's mouth. The whole eight inches of
dog cock were in Barbara's throat and her mouth was stuffed full with
the giant knot. It seemed like it would have been impossible to do. But
she swallowed the whole thing. Everyone couldn't believe she did it.
And still Kelly ram her hole determined to make Barbara cum while she
had the dog cock in her mouth.

"This cunt's just too much."

"What a whore." "Sucking off a dog."

"And she likes it too."

Rusty was whimpering trying fuck for all he was worth, but his cock was
lodged in Barbara's mouth. Rusty continued trying to fuck Barbara's
mouth and his wining increased. Barbara knew he would cum soon and
didn't want him to shoot it down her throat. She wanted to get a good
taste of the dog's hot jib. Besides, she was ready to cum herself any
second. She slowly backed off the knot allowing it to slip through her
lips and then began sucking hard on Rusty's cock. In a few moments she
just held the stiff dog prick in place with the cockhead just inside
her mouth. Rusty was cumming. Everyone knew it too. Then Barbara came,
her body twitching and convulsing on the floor with Kelly keeping the
dildo pushed deep inside Barbara and Rusty unloading his animal sperm
into her mouth. Barbara drained Rusty of every drop of his dog sperm
without ever taking it from her mouth. She felt the thick strands of
cum hitting her tongue and splashing off the roof of her mouth. The
bottom of her mouth was filling up with Rusty's hot cream forming a
heavy, thick, slimy pool of dog cum covering her tongue.

Then, once the dog finished, she pulled Rusty's cock out, sucking off
the red shiny meat and held her head back. Her own orgasm was dying
down and Kelly pulled the dildo out. But the tremendous feeling
lingered on. Barbara opened her mouth wide showing everyone in the room
her full mouth of the fresh hot dog sperm. When most of the guys got a
look, she closed her mouth, looked over to Kelly, then crawled over to
her. Then before Kelly knew what Barbara was up to, Barbara planted a
kiss on Kelly's lips giving her a giant opened mouth liplock. It caught
Kelly by surprise as Barbara transferred some of Rusty's hot dog cream
into Kelly's mouth. Barbara wanted Kelly to share in the taste of it
too. Once Kelly got a taste of it, she joined in willingly, sharing the
creamy load. The slimy white jib dripped down their faces from their
mouths as they slobbered in it while they kissed each other. They
pressed their lips together and shared the hot dog cum licking it from
each others faces until they had eaten it all.

Barbara and Kelly were rolling around for quite awhile on the floor
locked in an embrace, kissing each other, hungrily sharing Rusty's
sperm. At one point Kelly was on top of Barbara and the teenagers tiny
ass was sticking up in the air. Rusty became curious again and still
being horny, jumped up and mounted Kelly. Quickly, Rusty wrapped onto
Kelly's back locking his legs around Kelly's waist. He started fucking
his cock on Kelly's soft behind. Then as his cock grew, it found
Kelly's cunt. Rusty drove into Kelly fucking her furiously. Kelly
peeled her lips from Barbara. "The dog's fucking me," she whispered to
Barbara. "It must feel great," Barbara replied. "His cock is so big and
so hot" Kelly answered back obviously enjoying it. Kelly then went back
to kissing Barbara and tasting the remnants of Rusty's cum while he
plunged away in her hot cunt.

Kelly was really getting into being a total slut. She was acting like a
complete whore. She didn't care that a dog was fucking her cunt. In
fact, she was liking it. Rusty's hard slimy cock felt good pistoning in
and out of her and put Kelly on the verge of cumming. The thoughts
rushed through her mind that it was a dog making her feel this good. A
dog cock was going to make her cum. And at any moment her cunt was
going to be filled with thick dog sperm. Rusty fucked harder, jamming
Kelly's fuckhole over and over making Kelly lose all sense of control.
It felt so good. Kelly kissed Barbara harder smothering her with
kisses, moaning louder how good it felt.

"It's so good, Barbara."........ "It's so good."

"The dog cock feels so good."

Rusty's hard cock was so hot inside her, it was burning up her cunt.
Kelly broke her lips apart from Barbara's as she still moaned
uncontrollably. She looked up at the crowd of men watching her. She
didn't care that what they saw was a beautiful teenager getting dog
fucked and liking it. Barbara stared up at Kelly seeing the cute young
thing aroused more than ever before. Barbara whispered to her, "do it
know." "Let them do it to you now." ............"C'mon, go ahead, do
it, Kelly." Kelly's body felt like it was on fire as Rusty humped her
faster and faster. "Kelly tell them."........ Again Barbara urged her
on. "Go ahead, do it."............ Barbara's words were like a dream
and Kelly was about to make it become reality. Then Kelly pleaded to
group watching her, in a gasping voice as her cunt continued getting
drilled by Rusty's animal cock.

"Someone, piss in my mouth.".... "Now,...... please."

"Please!!!.....Please!!!!........Piss in my mouth."

"I want to drink your hot piss."....."I want it."

This was the one thing Kelly wasn't able to do ever since she had been
forced to swallow urine once before. Now she was submitting her body
totally. She wanted to be completely degraded in front of everyone,
especially to show Barbara how much of a whore she had become. She
begged for one of the men to piss in her mouth while she was being cunt
fucked by a dog.

"Please!!!" "Piss in my mouth."

One man quickly came up to Kelly holding his cock. Kelly was ready to
orgasm and so was Rusty as he pumped away in Kelly's fuckhole. The
timing was incredible. Kelly's request was answered. Hot piss started
flowing into her gasping mouth as Rusty rammed his cock all the way in
forcing his giant knot through Kelly's slit and burying it inside her
tiny burning cunt. Kelly's teenage cunt swallowed up the whole length
of hard dog cock and once the big knot slipped in, her hole closed up
around it locking the shaft inside Kelly. Rusty began humping her
cunthole achieving only a slight in and out motion within Kelly. But it
was enough to make Rusty's cock erupt and begin depositing his thick
dog jib. Kelly let out a sigh, "he's cumming." "Oh, God, he's cumming
inside me." Rusty's flow of hot cream then set off Kelly's orgasm. She
convulsed while kneeling atop Barbara with the dog cock pumping sperm
in her cunthole and one of Bill's friends pissing in her mouth. Rusty
continued filling Kelly's cunt with his thick dog sperm. The hard dog
cock throbbed in the teens hot hole injecting her tight twat with it's
hot animal cum. When Rusty finished, he backed off Kelly ripping his
thick cock from her tight hole and then wandered away leaving her
stretched gash dripping with dog cum.

Meanwhile, Kelly had already gulped countless mouthfuls of urine just
to keep from choking. Then she tilted her head back taking another full
mouthful. Bill's friend managed to cut off his stream momentarily
allowing Kelly to lean down to Barbara and spit the hot urine into
Barbara's mouth. Barbara swallowed it, gulping it, all of it. Kelly
looked back up. " Give me more," she demanded. He let the flow start
up, pissing again into Kelly's mouth. Kelly swallowed this time. Then
again, another mouthful, and Kelly gulp it down too. And then another
mouthful, and Kelly spit it into Barbara's mouth kissing her deeply
sharing the strong acidity urine taste. A few more drops of piss
trickled from his cock splashing on Barbara's face. Kelly licked them
off and Bill's friend moved away.

Then a couple guys noticed the dog cream oozing from Kelly's slit. They
picked her up off Barbara and placed her squatting over Barbara's face.
Barbara was going to get herself another snack, another load of dog
cum. She licked and sucked Kelly's slit, slipping her tongue up Kelly's
gash, extracting all of Rusty's load. Then Kelly rolled off laying next
to Barbara somewhat exhausted after her piss drinking, dogfucking
encounter. She lay back smiling and remarking to Barbara how good it
was. They both had enough for the night, as did the all the guys at the
party. There wasn't one unsatisfied man there. When morning arrived,
they all couldn't thank the girls enough for the sensational time.

Barbara succeeded in completely transforming Kelly. At sixteen years
old, Kelly was certainly the hottest piece of ass around. Well, maybe
the second hottest. Afterall, Barbara's thirst for kinky sex is
certainly insatiable. There is absolutely nothing that Barbara wouldn't
do. And now, Kelly was on the road to follow in her foot steps. What a
sex team they make together.

The End

Send Any Comments To ZombieNight@Hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Zombie Night


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





