BDSM Library - The Salvage Ship Scorpion




The Salvage Ship Scorpion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Story about three brothers in the salvage businesses and have a bit of fun along the way.
The Salvage Ship Scorpion
By R.B. Thibo
 2001

I reserve all rights to this story or any part of it. It may be place in the
public area of any web sight as long the sight does not in any way charge for
it. And it is not modified in any way without my written permission.

********NOTICE*******
Please be warned.  The following story section describes the first chapter of a
story that contains severe bondage and torture.   It is purely fiction and
strictly for fantasy purposes.  Any resemblance to any actual people or
situations is completely coincidental.  Since the activities described are
non-consensual they should NOT, in my opinion, take place in real life, and
would in fact be illegal and, as far as I'm concerned, immoral.
However, some people, including me, enjoy fantasizing about such things. So I
present this story as a artistic release of one of my many fantasies that roam
through my mind. It has predictions of torture that would not work it the real
world.
If you have any problems separating reality from fantasy the do not read this
story or any other story I write in this literary style. If you do enjoy this
first chapter of the fantasy and would like to see more chapters post a e-mail
to rbthibo@netzero.net




The Salvage Ship Scorpion
By Thibo


   Log Entry Number 01: Negotiating The Contract
  

   Beth didn't understand any of it, all she knew was that her entire body was
wracked with excruciating pain. It was an insane nightmare it had to be. Nothing
like this could happen in the real world. Yet here she was, hanging nude in her
living room by her wrists.

    If she stretched her toes real hard her two big toes would barely brush the
floor, but would not support any of her weight. So all of her of her body weight
was focus just on her two shoulder joints. The balled sockets felt, as if they
were being ripped from her body, as her own body weight tried to separate her
shoulders from the arms that were secured above her head.

   Though her shoulders were wracked with pain it was nothing compare to the
scorching pain that raced throughout her backside from the nape of her neck,
down her back, across her fanny, down her thighs to end at her ankles, from the
beatings. Both of the unknown men had turned her entire backside from a golden
tan, to a bizarre road map that showed a maze of deep purple lines that
supported numerous welts that oozed blood. As she hung in agony, she recalled
how she wound up in her present nightmarish position.

   Only a few painfully long hours ago she had showered to cool herself down and
remove the grim and sweat from her daily morning run. Dress just in a thick
terry cloth robe with a towel wrapped around her long wet brunette hair, she had
stepped out into her backyard to tend her little vegetable garden. A garden that
her husband always jokingly told her was more trouble then it was worth. While
she was watering the sweet peas, a hand with an odorous rag in it covered her
nose and mouth. Beth remembered putting up a struggle then she woke up nude on
the couch in her living room. With two men who she never had seen before
towering over her, as they demanded for her to spread her legs and get ready to
be fucked.

   One looked like the god Apollo and the other like the hideous god Priapus.
With a gust of courage, Beth told them both to, "Go fuck themselves." That's
simple act of rebellion provoked swift and painful repercussions upon her body.
The two men dragged her off the couch and secured her over her husband's large
stuffed chair. They secured her ankles to the back legs, then leaned her over
the back of the chair and secured her wrist to the front legs. Once she was
tightly tied to the chair, Beth found out the true meaning of, 'Having the crap
beat out of you.' as the two brutes begin to slash her backside with there
leather belts. After she flushed her bladder of all urine and squeezing all of
the fecal mater from her bowels the sadistic men stopped beating her. They
reamed out her pussy and ass several times each before releasing her from the
chair and hoisting her up by her wrists.

    When she was first hoisted up, she jerked and twisted and spewed forth every
obscenity that she knew while at the same time threaten her two tormentors with
every thing from going to the police and having them arrested, to having her
husband kill them. The only thing that she achieved was to wrack her bound wrist
and shoulders with even more pain.

   So now she hung as still as she could by her stretched arms to avoid any
further torment to her wrists and shoulders, as she thought, this couldn't be
real, it had to be a nightmare. It just had to be.

   She watched as the Apollo looking tormentor redress, open the front door and
strut out into the bright Pacific sun. After the door closed behind the departed
tormentor, Beth hung in agony, while her eyes readjusted to the light in the
gloomy room. Behind her she herd the Priapus looking tormentor giggling evilly,
as the rope that held her suspended by her arms begin to lower her. When the
strain was off her shoulders and she was standing flat on her feet, platitudes
to her tormentor babble out of her mouth. She was so absorbed with thanking the
man behind her for the relief of her strained shoulders that she didn't notice
that he was tying her ankles together and securing them to a eye-bolt that he
had embedded in the floor. However when the giggling sadistic troll of a man had
stepped in front of her with a brown paper bag, her attention was riveted on him
as he reached into a bag and withdrew a simple everyday wooden clothespin. Beth
stopped her babbling and stared at the opening and closing clothespin in her
tormentor's hand in total bewilderment.

   With mirth in his voice and as he continue to giggle the troll standing in
front of Beth with the clothes pin in his hand spoke to Beth. "Well Sweet
Cheeks, we need to get you all dolled up. Company is a coming." 

   Her tormentor pinched a section of her left breast then snapped the clothes
pin on it. Beth face turned from one of bewilderment to stark terror as she
howled when the clothespin snapped onto her tit flesh. Clothespin after
clothespin was snapped onto Beth's breast. When her left breast ran out of room
to place any more clothes pins on it, her right breasts was decorated the same
way. Not only did Beth beg that further addition of clothespins stop, but that
the clothespins that were already pinching her tit flesh to be removed. By time
the sadistic man stopped adding clothespins to her breasts and stepped back to
admire the end results of his work, each of Beth's breasts was adorned with
twenty-five clothespins.

   "Not bad, not bad at all." Giggled the trollish man that had attached the
clothespins on Beth's breasts. Stepping forward he grasped Beth's knees and
spread them wide. Bracing them open with his knees then reaching into the bag
once again.

   Beth wailed and pleaded vehemently as her left pussy lip was stretched tautly
then a clothespin snapped onto the stretched flesh. As with her breasts her cunt
lips were adorn with twenty-five clothespins each. When her knees were released
Beth didn't try to close them, instead she tried to spread them even further to
help alleviate some of the pain that washed through her pussy lips.

   "Getting there. Just three more items and you'll be ready for company."
Chuckled the cruel trollish man in front of her as he withdrew a large shiny
alligator clip with a weight hanging from it, out of the brown paper bag.

   Beth screamed begged and foamed at the mouth as the alligator clip shiny
pointed teeth chewed into her left nipple. Beth screamed at the top of her lungs
as her right nipple was also chewed to bits by another toothy alligator clip.
Beth thought that there could be no greater pain in the world, then the horrific
pain that roared through her nipples, as the sharp pointy teeth of the alligator
clips chewed savagely on her tender tit buds. But she was wrong. She was very
wrong, as she found out seconds later. Beth begged with every fiber of her soul
as the sadistic trollish man coaxed her clitoris from its protective sheath.
After her clitoris had an alligator clip snapped on to it, Beth bellowed and
thrashed in her bindings like a mad bangee.

   Beth's trollish tormentor turned the chair that she had been bound to for her
whipping, to face her. Then her tormentor sat in the chair. He admired his
handiwork while Beth howled and thrashed. Beth bellowed until her voice became
hoarse. And she stopped her thrashing when it became apparent to her that the
only thing that her thrashing was causing was even more hellish pain. Pain that
surge through her breasts and clit, as the weights that were attached to the
alligator clips that were gnawing in to her tender flesh, pulled and jerked her
flesh around.

   After Beth settled down and was just standing listlessly moaning and groaning
as her entire body screamed with agonizing pain. Her tormentor got up from her
whipping chair and disappeared in to the kitchen behind her. Beth herd noises
emit from the kitchen as she hung there in pure misery.

   Beth watched her evil tormentor place a six-pack of beer and a huge Dagwood
style sandwich on her whipping chair then disappeared behind her. She gasped and
moan as her tormentor pulled on the rope that bound her wrist together above her
head. He pulled up on the line until her knees that she was trying to keep bowed
were pulled strait and her feet left the hard wood floor. After securing the
line that left Beth straining just to brush the floor with her big toes, her
tormentor return to her whipping chair. Picking up the items that he placed in
her whipping chair and settling down in it, he open one of the beers and took a
large bite from the sandwich.

   While her tormentor ate and drank he watched his creation suffer. He enjoyed
her constantly changing contorting face, her well develop, athletic muscles
rippling, which caused the clothes pins to vibrate upon her breasts and the
alligator clips to bounce at the ends of her nipples and clit. Streams of tears
and sweat ran down over taunt body to pool on the floor under her.

   Beth's attention was drawn to the front door as the knob started to rattle.
Beth didn't know how long she hung by her wrists, but it was long after her
tormentor had finished his meal and long after her tear ducts had ran out of
liquid to shed. She wanted to scream out but all that escaped from her damage
vocal cords was a low guttering squeal.

   As the door slowly open, Beth saw her trollish tormentor position himself
next to the door. As the door open wider Beth had to blink to get use to the
bright Pacific sunlight as it streamed into the gloomy room. As her eyes grew
accustom to the bright light Beth wished that she could die. Standing in front
of her was the Apollo looking tormentor and the stupefied form of her husband.
He stood gaping with a wide-open mouth, speechless and totally aghast by the
view in front of him. Beth felt the heated rush of humiliation spread through
her body.

   **********

   Steve and Robert climbed out of Steve's jeep in front of the small isolated
beach house that he and his lovely wife were buying, and continuing the
conversation that had started up on the docks of the yacht club, and throughout
the ride.

   "I'm sorry man but, no!  I cannot help you. I understand that you need to get
back to San Francisco, but I cannot tell the Garner's that I can't make the run
with them and to hire you instead. Beside the point that I barley know you it
wouldn't be honest. You will just have to find another way to get back. I have
spent nearly ten years in the business building a reputation on being an honest
and trustworthy deckhand and mechanic. The rich people whom buy's vessels here
in Hawaii rely on my past references. If I start lying to them I will soon be
out of business. So the answer is a positive NO!" Stated Steve firmly.

   "Come on Steve Just think about it. I would offer you more money, but I just
don't have it. I need to get to San Francisco quick." Robert pleaded.

   "Look Robert it's not the money. As I said, it's not honest. I'll ask Mr.
Garner if he wants to hire you on, instead of me. But I will not lie to him. You
have no experience as a deck hand and mechanic on a pleasure yachts. For the
three months that I've known you all you have done is to hang around the docks
and hotels flashing that magnificent physique of yours around."

   "Shit Steve I've done some work on a cruse ship helping the passengers.
Surely I can handle one single family of three with no problems. No one will
know. When we get to San Francisco I won't even ask for the balance of the fee,
or I could send it to you. I just have to get to San Francisco."

   "Steve, you're not there for their comfort. This isn't a job to pamper the
owners. Most of the time you be on the bridge running the vessel. Do you know
anything about piloting a vessel course or repairing engines?"

   "No, but the owner can do all of that bullshit. Heck, the owner will want to
play with his new toy for a while anyway. And once we were out at sea it would
be too late to turn back. So all I will have to do is to follow a compass
direction." Replied Robert.

   "What if some thing goes wrong. They'll need some one who knows what to do.
I'm sorry Robert, I just can't help you."

    "Just let me show you just one more thing, that may persuade you to change
your mind. If it doesn't I'll get out of your life and find another way to get
to San Francisco deal?"

   "All right, Robert! All right! I doubt that what ever you show me will change
my mind, but go ahead show me."

   Let's get out of this sweltering heat and I'll show you, Okay." As Steve
reached for the doorknob an evil grin spread across Robert's face.

   **********

   When Steve stepped through the doorway he thought that Beth had bought
another bikini and was modeling it for him. Something he always enjoyed doing
with his pulchritudinous wife. Normally after the brief show they would retire
to the bedroom and partake in prolonged, passionate lovemaking. Steve and Beth
had been married when they were both eighteen and in the fifteen years sense
then he had never gotten tired of her loveliness or lost any of the fiery
passion of there very first interlude together. The two of them were truly and
deeply in love with each other. Though his job took him away for long stretches
at a time, he knew that when he came home it made their lovemaking even more
passionate then ever.

   Steve was just about to tell his lovely wife that they had company when he
noticed that Beth was standing in a very stiff and baffling pose. She was
standing on her toes with her arms stretched above her head. Her bikini top
seemed to quake and shimmy in multitudes of directions at once as her breasts
rose and fell as she breathed. The tips of the bikini top shimmered in the
sunlight from the open door. Her thick, curly, pubic bush was blatantly exposed
and withering out of the bush towards the floor was her clit.

   Steve's mind scrutinized the information that his eyes were relaying he was
thunderstruck. Beth wasn't posing; she was hanging by her wrist with her toes,
barley brushing the floor. Also Beth wasn't modeling a new swimsuit. Her breasts
seem to be adorned, with clothespins and her nipples were capped with alligator
clips with weights hanging from them. Her clit was being stretched towards the
floor by a similar alligator clip set up. It took Steve several moments to
realize that his loving wife was in dire straits. Those few moments cost him
everything. As he stood there gawking in total disbelief at his wife's plight,
he caught a sudden movement out of the corner of his eye before his entire world
blacked out.

   Beth watched the trollish tormentor who had attached the clothespins and
alligator clips that were savagely biting into her flesh club her bewildered
husband over the head.

    After her husband crumpled to the floor the Apollo looking tormentor who
left earlier walked over her unconscious husband form and spoke in a syrupy
sweet voice. "Sweet Cheeks, hubby is home! Ready to continue our games?" Beth
shuttered to her core and screamed frantically as both of her tormentors
approached her.

   **********

   Steve released that the blur of motion that he saw out of the corner of his
eye was someone knocking him unconscious. That explained the throbbing in his
head, but it didn't explain why his shoulders felt like they were being pulled
apart. Nor why when he moved his feet that didn't seem to be touching the floor,
his testicles felt like they were being yanked on. As the cobwebs cleared from
his mind he realized that his wrists held suspended him from the ceiling, and
that each of his testicles had been tied separately, by thin sisal rope that ran
through an eyebolt in the floor. After running through the eyebolt the sisal
rope was pulled until his testicles were pulled taunt. Then the sisal rope was
tied to his ankles. Every time he moved his feet his testicles were painfully
yanked.

   As his eyes cleared and refocus Steve was horrified by what he saw before
him. Beth's nude form was draped over the couch. Her head hung over the front of
the couch towards the floor, while her rump was propped up on the high back. Her
wrists were tied with the same type of sisal rope that his testicles were but
thicker. Her arms were stretched taunt and secured to the front legs of the
couch. Beth's lower legs disappeared behind the couch, and from the way her legs
maintain their awkward and strained position Steve knew they were secured behind
the couch in some way. Her legs were pulled wide apart making her sex protrude
obscenely. Beth's ample breasts were drawn into two taunt bowling balls size
globes, from the rubber bands that were wrapped around base of the breasts.
Siting on each side of Beth's inverted and tautly stretched form were two nude
men, grinning sadistically. The one on the left was Robert but he didn't know
the homely looking one on the right.

   "Robert! What the FUCK!" Bellowed Steve. As he thrashed valiantly in a
useless attempt to free himself from his bindings. After the gut wrenching pain
from the yanking of his testicles by his own feet, Steve calmed down and hung
limply by his bound wrist, as he stretched his toe towards the floor to ease the
gut wrenching pain from his stretched testicles.

   Well, well look who is back from the land of Nod! I was beginning to think
that Frank here had tapped your head to hard." Robert giggled.

   Struggling to control his rage, Steve asked, "Robert why are you doing this?
We're friends!"

   Robert responded in a very acid tone. "That's right Steve! And friends should
help each other out, but you didn't want to be friendly and get me aboard the
Random Access. So now were down to this final motivating effort. As the last
word left Robert's lips the room filled with heart wrenching screams and pleads
that emitted from Beth as both Frank and Robert slashed Beth's gapping cunt and
inter thighs of her wide spread legs with thick, heavy leather belts.

   Steve watched his wife's most private part turn a deep, deep red as the belts
rained down in the valley of the outstretched legs. By time Steve screamed,
"Stop Robert! Please stop! I'll do what you want! I'll try to get you aboard the
Garner's yacht! Please stop!" Beth's cunt had been beaten dozen times by each of
the belts.

   Frank and Robert continue to lash Beth's pussy until a total of twenty lashes
bit into the tender flesh. Then Robert roared. "Fuck trying! There's no trying,
you will get me aboard that fancy yacht, or you pretty wife wouldn't have any
pussy left." Then the two men slashed Beth's cunt twenty more times.

   Beth squawked, screeched, yapped, and howled at the top of her lungs during
the entire lashing of her pussy. The men had to scream over Beth's ululation's
to be heard. After Frank and Robert stopped slashing her pussy Beth sobbed
heavily and was totally oblivious to the conversation that evolved around her as
she lay upon the couch while her pussy burned intensely.

   After the two men stopped beating Beth's pussy they leaned forward lightly
brushing their belts across Beth's ballooned breasts as Robert spoke firmly.
"Now Steve old buddy, just how do you propose to persuade those rich fuck heads
to take me instead of you aboard their fancy yacht?"

   "I just won't show up and you can, maybe they'll take you."

   Whack, whack! Each of the men siting next to Beth hit the bottom of her
breasts with their belts, as Robert stated, "No good Steve Try again!"

   Steve watched as two bright red streaks appeared upon the bottoms of his
wife's upturned, balled breasts. "I could tell Mr. Garner that what he is paying
me is too little and you will work for what he is willing to pay."

   Whack, whack, whack, whack! "Nope try again!"

   Four more fiery red lines blazed across the bottoms of Beth's breasts.
"Please Robert don't hit her any more. Please Robert." Steve pleaded.

   Whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack! "Come, come now Steve stick to the
topic at hand!" roared Robert.

   As six more cruel lines spread across Beth's striped breasts, Steve in
anguishing voice stated. "I could tell Mr. Garner that I need help, and that you
are my assistance."

   Whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack! "Really Steve can you
picture us working happily together aboard the yacht after this. I don't think
so!"

   Beth's breasts had been hit so many times that the new stripes were laid atop
of the ones that were already scorching her breasts turning them from scarlet
red to a deep purple.

   "I could tell the Garners that I am ill and you are my replacement."

    Whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack! "Your
close Steve! You're very close but you're not sick. So what else is there?"

   Though Beth was still suffering from the anguishing pain in her pussy and
balled breasts. Her thrashing and ululation's begin to diminish as her energy
reserves fell.

   "I could say I injured myself and you are my replacement." Steve was relived
when Frank and Robert stood up instead of whipping his wife's breasts again.

   "I knew that you could come up with a good idea. All we need to do now is
tweak it until it is smoothed out and plausible. First, I'm just not any old
slob of a replacement. I'm your cousin who is a whiz at boating. Due to your
injures I have out of loving family bonds have agreed to take over your
obligation to Mr. Garner, so that they would not be burden. How does that sound
to you, cousin?"

   Steve was half listening to Robert as he was speaking to him. Most of his
attention was focus on his wife. Steve realized that the two men who delivered
the whipping were experts at this iniquitous endeavor. He could see that his
wife's cunt and inter thighs, along with the bottom sides of both breasts were
crisscross with a multitude of lash marks ranging from rosy pink to a deep
purple, with several harsh looking welts. Dispute these marks the savage
whipping of Beth's flesh the two brutes did not break his wife's skin.

   "Well, well now Sweet cheeks! Will you look at that! Hubby here would rather
see your boobies and snatch beaten then concentrate on the task at hand. Just
look at that boner!" Guffawed Robert.

   Through tear filled eyes Beth looked at her husband crotch. True to the word
of this Apollo looking sadistic brute that her husband called Robert. Her
husband's love tool was indeed hard in sexual arousal. Beth couldn't understand
why her kind and loving husband was getting aroused at her suffering.

   Steve couldn't understand it either. He was not a violent person, he thought
that it was beneath the dignity of a civilize man to stoop to violence. So why
was his wife's torment sexually arousing him? There was no denying it. Every one
in the room could plainly see his prick fully engorged with blood. Steve flesh,
tone flash to a deep red from humiliation. Why was the beating of his wife
causing the hardest hard on of his life?

   "So Steve-O, shall me and Frank start beating the shit out of Sweet Cheeks
until every square inch of her flesh is ripped from her body, so that you can
get off? Or do you want to pay attention to the task at hand and worry about
whacking your dong latter.

    Well Steve what's it going to be? Work or play?" Robert asked as he lightly
stroke Beth's crotch with his belt.

   "Please Robert don't hit Beth any more, I'll pay attention to you from now
on. Just please don't hurt her any more. Please Robert!"

   "Well Steve I'll try it your way for now, but if you start ogling Sweet
Cheeks here we'll go with my idea. Got that Steve?" Warned Robert.

   "Thank you Robert. I'll pay close attention to you."

   "Well then lets get started shall we?" Inquired Robert as he continued to
stroke Beth's crotch with his belt.

   Stammering Steve howled, "Yes, yes! Please Robert! Your idea of posing as my
cousin will work out just fine. I can fake an injur..."

   A loud burly voice cut Steve's statement short. It came from the homely man
that Robert called Frank. Steve had thought that this man was a bit on the dim
side and possible a mute by the way he had acted so far during this bizarre
ordeal thus far. But now as Frank spoke and acted, Steve released that this was
no simpleton, but a cruel and merciless individual in his own right.

   "Pardon me Bobby, but I think Mister Vanilla here has earned a tad bit of
punishment for lusting over Sweet Cheeks. I propose that I take that dinky dong
and hide it so that Sweet Cheeks isn't frightened by it. Okay?"

    Sure Frank, go right ahead. Here I'll help" Chuckled Robert.

   Robert knelt behind Steve and grasped the two line that were tied around
Steve's nuts, while growling a stern warning to Steve, "Steve if you give Frank
or me any trouble, I'll rip these jewels right off." To emphasize his threat
Robert harshly yanked on Steve's nut's forcing them back between his legs. Steve
groan pitifully as the pain from his groin slammed into his gut. Steve hung
gasping as Robert released the testis cords. Then Robert locked a four-inch
leather belt tightly around Steve's waist.

   Frank crouched down in front of Steve with a six-foot length of sisal cord in
his hand. Frank slipped the center of the cord under the base of Steve's hard
phallus, then wrapped the cord around the prick with a half hitch atop the prick
and pulled the cord super tight, crushing the blood engorged prick to
one-quarter of it's diameter. Then Frank wrapped the cord back under the prick
and tightly applied a half hitch to the bottom side of the prick, then back to
the top. Frank tightly lace the cord up Steve's prick until all six feet of the
sisal cord was tightly tied around the prick trapping the blood into the harden
spongy tissue. Frank then tightly tied another length of sisal cord tightly just
behind the bulbous head of Steve's prick. Frank then untied the cords from
Steve's ankles that were stretching his nuts, Frank wrap the cords around the
nuts sack over each nut. When Frank was done with his wrapping Steve's nuts were
two tightly bound towers jutting down from his prick. Frank grasped Steve's
truss up groin and twisted until Steve's nuts were on top and his prick was
underneath. Frank passed the cord that was tied to the head of Steve's prick
between Steve's legs up through the dark crevice of Steve's buttocks, up the
back and through the D-ring on the backside of the leather belt around Steve's
waist. Frank pulled and pulled on the cord forcing Steve's prick to be drawn
backwards between the thighs until the blood engorged shaft of his prick snuggle
deep down into the ass crack, with the bulbous head of his prick peeking out
from the deep furrow of his ass crack.

   After Frank stood up and moved aside, Beth stared at her husband groin in
disbelief. Her husband hung by his wrist, with his truss-up phallus and testes
inverted with the phallus pointing backwards.

   Steve and Beth watched, as their tormentors drove two eyebolts into the floor
on opposite sides of Steve's suspended form. Once the eyebolts were set in the
floor the two sadistic men tied a sisal cord around each of Steve's nuts. Then
the lines were passed through the eyebolts. The two cruel men grinned at each
other, while husband and wife locked eye upon each other. Their eyes filled with
terror and sorrow as they realize what was about to happen.

   A soul-shattering scream filled the room, as Steve's nuts were yanked apart
and down by the sisal rope that Frank and Robert had suddenly and swiftly
pulled. As Steve's ankles were pulled apart and secured the cords pulling his
nuts outward and downward towards his ankles.

   Now there, Sweet Cheeks, feel better? You should thank Frank for hiding that
puny one-eye snake so it wouldn't scare you."

   "Nervously Beth responded to Robert's remarked as he stroke her cunt with his
belt." Yes Robert, I feel much better now. Frank I wish to thank you for
removing my husband's cock from my view so that I could feel better. Thank you
very much."

   Kneeling in front of Beth's head Frank grabbed her by the ears and barked,
"Now Sweet Cheeks that's no way to thank close friends now is it?"

   As Beth opened her mouth to respond to Frank's statement, her mouth was
filled with Frank's fat stocky cock. Effectively muffling any response from
Beth.

   With his cock firmly imbedded in Beth's warm moist mouth, Frank dragged
Beth's head back and forth by her ears. Frank's scrotum with its heavy testes
slapped Beth's eyes every time his cock was reamed deep down her throat. At
first Beth had trouble breathing and she gagged whenever the pulsating rod was
push pass the uvula and down the throat. But in a short order she learn to
control the gagged reflex and take deep breathes when the thick cock was in her
oral cavity.

    "Lets have some tongue and suction!" Barked Frank.

   With vigor Beth begin to swirl her tongue and suck on the fat phallus that
was jackhammering in her mouth. Beth let out a muffled squeal when Robert rammed
his phallus into her bruised and tender vagina. Beth's balloon breasts bounce in
every direction, as she was hammered from both ends of her sleek, voluptuous
body. After several minutes of pounding both male organs were yanked from her
orifices. Then her face and body were sprayed with sticky white jism that shot
out of Frank's and Robert's piss slits.

   Beth lay bound to the couch with the sticky male seed dripping from her body
as Frank cackled, "That is how you thank a friend who has done you a favor Sweet
Cheeks!" Then both Frank and Robert roared with sidesplitting laughter.

   Both men were still laughing hard as Frank rummage through a duffel bag next
to the couch and Robert stepped next to Steve. "Now where were we? Hmmmm! Oh the
fake injury." Robert grasped a hand full of Steve's hair and pulled his head
forward. "Well Steve I don't think that a smart rich fuck such as Mr. Garner
would be fooled by a fake injury? Do you?"

   In a blur of movement Frank slammed a heavy wooden pulley across the right
side of Steve's face before Steve could respond to Robert's questions. The blow
broke Steve's jaw and left an outline of the pulley on the side of his face.
After Steve's howling died down Robert continued. "Now that's a believable
injury! But I don't think it would prevent you from sailing. So..." 

   Steve renewed his screaming as Frank smash both knees with a pipe. Steve felt
his legs stretch slightly as the tension of the rope pulling his legs and testis
taunt pulled his shattered knees apart.

   "Now that will convince the Garners that you couldn't sail. All you need to
tell them is that you were working aloft and was hit by a block and tackle. When
you fell, you broke your knees. So you can't sail with them and I, your cousin
will take your place. QUACK! Get your ass over here and do your thing with
Vanilla!"




   Log Entry Number 02:

   First aid

   Steve watch with bewilderment as a well-built redheaded female came out of
the bedroom. She was nude save for a collar around her neck, a thick leather
belt that was squeezed tightly around her slim waist and cuffs that were fasten
around her wrists and ankles. Her ankles were linked together by a six-inch
piece of chain and her wrists were fastened to the sides of the collar. Her
breasts were ballooned like his wife's and a gag was tightly secured over her
mouth. Each of the redhead's large ballooned breasts had a ring imbedded in
them, from each ring hung two weights. Her pussy lips also pierced with rings
and each ring had four weights attached to them. But the cruelest thing was the
ring that went through her clitoris that had a line tied to it that went between
her legs and was tied to a wheelchair that had a small tub and cast making
supplies in it. As the redhead walked towards him, Steve saw the contorted face
of the redhead as her clitoris towed the wheelchair behind her.

   Once the redhead reached Steve, Robert released her wrists from the collar
and untied the wheelchair from her clitoris then hung a weight from it. The red
head then place the tub on the floor in front of Steve. Steve and Beth watched
the redhead crouch over the tub and begin to urinate. The redhead pissed long
and hard, filling the tub a third of the way up. After she stopped she pored the
bag of casting plaster into the tub she mixed the piss and plaster together.
After soaking the gauze in the piss and plaster solution the redhead wrapped
Steve's legs with them. Steve's shattered knees were encased in casts, though
his knees were not properly set.

   Frank roared, "Sweet Cheeks fuck tunnel, Quack!"

   The redhead picked up the tub as she got to her feet and walked behind the
couch. She then poured the remaining piss and plaster mixture into Beth's
gapping cunt.

   "Quack, stitch Vanilla's dip stick to the valley!" Barked Frank.

   After retrieving a suture kit from the wheel chair the redhead scurried
behind Steve and drop with a thud to her knees. Steve screamed and jerked as his
phallus was sewn to the bottom of his ass crack. After the redhead was done with
her task Robert untied the cord that held Steve's prick inverted and backward.
Steve's prick tried to snap back to its normal position but the sutures held the
prick firmly in its unnatural encampment. Then Robert removed the leather belt
from around Steve's waist.

   "Quack! Poor Vanilla here had a stressful day. Why don't you relax him a
bit?" Giggled Frank.

   The redhead picked up a large tube of muscle rub from the wheelchair and
attached a long tapered nozzle to the tube. Kneeling behind Steve once again the
redhead worked the nozzle pass Steve's cock and jammed it up Steve's rectum.
Once the nozzle was deeply in Steve's ass she squeezing the entire tube into his
rectum.

   Frank and Robert watched with glee, as Steve twisted and turned as the
chemical reaction of the muscle rub burned its way into the mucous membrane of
his rectum.

   "CHAIR!" Bellowed Frank.

   The redhead got up off her knees and rolled the wheelchair behind Steve.
Jutting out of the seat of the wheelchair was a huge metal butt plug that was a
foot long and as thick as a beer can. As Frank and Robert released Steve's wrist
from the ceiling eyebolt and lowered him down onto the wheelchair, the redhead
made sure that the butt plug and Steve's rectum align with each other. Once
Steve was seated with the metal phallus fully embedded up his ass, the redhead
threaded the cord that was tied to the head of Steve's prick through the opening
that was sewn in the bottom of the wheelchair seat. Then using a staple gun the
redhead fastened the wheelchair's canvas seat to Steve's buttocks.

   While Frank held Steve down in the wheelchair, Steve sat squirming atop of
the staples imbedded in his buttocks, while Robert loop the cord that was tied
to the head of Steve's prick around the bottom support brace of the wheelchair.
Once Robert pulled the cord taunt and secured it Steve was force to remain
seated in the wheelchair or rip out the sutures that held his prick to his rump
crack. Steve sat in the wheelchair in pure agony. The butt plug was stretching
his virginal rectum all out of shape while the chemical action of the muscle rub
burned the lining of his rectum like acid.

   Frank and Robert tied Steve's wrists and waist tightly to the wheelchair.
With an evil grin on his face and saliva drooling from the corners of his mouth
Frank snap gleefully. "Sweet Cheeks! Hubby is all deck out and ready to go its
time to get you ready." Both men roared with laughter as they approached Beth.

   Beth let out a hoarse scream and pleaded, but it was to no avail. After
releasing her out stretch arms her palms were filled with super glue. Then
Beth's palms were press to the bottoms of her whipped ballooned breasts and held
there until the glue set. Frank then grabbed Beth by the hair and dragged her
over the back of the couch then let her drop to the deck. After releasing Beth's
legs, both men started to kick her as they barked, "On your feet Sweet Cheeks!"

   After Beth struggled to her feet, Frank grabbed her by her left ear and
marched her in front of Steve and forced her to her knees. Once on her knees
Robert started to ream her mouth with his cock while Frank grasp her elbows,
drawing them behind her back and bound them tightly together. Frank then coated
a copy of the butt plug that was imbedded in Beth's husband's rectum with super
glue then rammed it up her rectum. After Robert shot his wad in to her mouth
Beth was force back to her feet by Robert yanking up on her hair. Once on her
feet, Frank snap the weighted alligator clip to her cunt lips while Robert
snapped clips to her nipples. Frank then forced her to turn so that she faced
her husband.

   Steve watched his lovely wife standing before him on trembling legs that were
slightly spread. He watched the redhead crawl behind his wife and clicked into
place a set of leg irons around his wife's slender ankles. Like the redhead's
cuffs there was a six-inch length of chain connecting the two cuffs together.
When the redhead was finished with his wife's leg irons, she crawled over to
Frank who removed the gag from her mouth. Then redhead then started to suck on
Frank's eight inches of fat fuck rod vigorously.

   Beth stood like some obscene model. Her elbows were painfully tied behind
her, which forced her ballooned breasts to protrude lewdly outward. While her
glued hands appeared to be cupping her balled mammary glands. A pair of weighted
alligator clips was chewing her long and pointy nipples. A matching clip set was
stretching her whipped and bloated pussy lips. Her tender and well-used cunt was
completely filled by a solid plug of plaster that was mixed with the redhead's
piss. Flakes of the plaster were scattered throughout her pussy hair. The
mammoth metal butt plug that was jammed up her ass and held in place by super
glue distorted her rectum. Beth's entire body flushed a scarlet red with
humiliation as she stood in front of her husband, listening to the wet slurping
sound behind her.

   Beth's thoughts were interrupted by Robert sickly sweet voice. "Sweet Cheeks,
look down. See that mess you made on the floor?"

   Beth looked down in front of her and saw the squished feces and dried urine
that had squirted from her body during her initial beating along with several
pools of semen, in various states of dryness. Meekly Beth croaked, "Yes Robert,
I see it. I'm sorry for making the mess. Forgive me, please."

   Robert continued to talk in his sickening sweet voice. "Not good enough Sweet
Cheeks, hubby here like his home clean as a whistle. So get down there and lick
the floor clean."

   Beth looked between the floor and her tormentor with shock. Thinking to
herself, "He can't really mean that. No human no matter how evil would force
someone to lick the floor clean from her own excrement. Beth looked pleadingly
at her husband, praying that he would jump up from the wheelchair, thrash these
two evil men and rescue the both of them. Her fantasy was shattered when Robert
pushed a button on a small box that he held.

   Two howling screams reverberated thorough out the little cottage as both of
the metal butt plugs sent a stream of electricity coursing through both
captives' bodies. Beth first became ridged then she collapse to the floor
thrashing about wildly as the electricity flowed through her. It felt as if
every cell in her body was being beaten violently by an iron pipe. Her tongue
swelled and her teeth chattered uncontrollably. Steve's body went through the
same ripping torment. Which toppled the wheelchair over. Both victims were sure
that they would die right then and there. Suddenly the ripping current was gone.
Steve and Beth lay upon the floor gasping as their saliva foamed from their
gapping mouths.

   Sweet Cheeks! That was the first setting! If you want to feel the fifth
setting just lay there and I'll oblige you! Otherwise get off your lazy ass and
clean the floor with your tongue!" Snapped Robert.

   Beth scrambled to her knees and began to lick the floor. She used her two
pearly white front teeth to scrape the ground in feces and dried semen from the
floor then she lapped up the flakes with her tongue. While Beth clean the floor
with her tongue, Frank and Robert righted the wheelchair that her husband was
still secured to.

   "Don't forget the drool!" Barked Frank.

   Beth scrambled on her knees to the puddles of saliva that drooled out of her
and her husband's mouth and lapped them up.

   Once again Robert spoke to Beth in the sickly sweet voice.  "Sweet Cheeks go
stand in front of Quack and shake your boobies for her.

   Beth scrambled to her feet and rushed over to the redhead and started to
shake her breast back and forth. Though the weights painfully pulled her tender
nipples around savagely it was less painful then the raw electricity that the
butt plug could send through her body. So Beth stood shaking her breasts as
Robert ordered her to, in front of the redhead who bore a multitude of lash
marks and welts. Beth eyes fixed onto the holes that the rings that ran through
the redhead's breasts. They look old and stretched. Beth held a new respect for
the redhead in front of her. If the redhead's treatment was anywhere near the
tortures that she and her husband have been put through Beth could understand
why the redhead perform any outlandish act that she was order to.

   While Beth shook her breasts the redhead grasped Beth's face in her hands and
pressed her lips to Beth's lips. Between the squeezing of her jaw and the
intrusion of the redhead's tongue Beth parted her lips and opened her mouth.
With her mouth open Beth felt her mouth fill with a hot sticky fluid. Beth
realized that the redhead had been holding Frank's sperm in her mouth and was
now transferring it to her own mouth. Beth was uncertain what to do with the
mouth full of Frank's sperm. She was about to spit it out when Frank roared.

   "Sweet Cheeks! Don't you dare! You best keep Frank's cream in that maw of
yours! Now, sashay your ass over here and keep shaking those boobies while you
do it!"

   Beth swung her hips in a circle which caused the weights hanging from her
pussy lips to joined her nipple weights in there ostentatious dance as she
complied with Frank's orders. Beth continued her lewd movements with her hips
and breasts as Frank position her in front of her husband. Frank then grasped
her clitoris between his forefinger and thumb and stretched it out of its
protective hood. While Frank held Beth's clitoris, Robert took a thin piece of
sisal cord and tied it to the base of Beth's clitoris then he ran the cord
between her legs. While Robert held the cord, Frank released his grip on Beth's
clitoris. Robert then made a small noose with the length of sisal cord and lasso
Steve's testis. Robert then drew the noose tight. Beth stood between her
husbands cast legs with her clitoris tied to her husband's testes.

   In that sickly sweet voice that Beth hated Robert spoke to her. "Sweet
Cheeks! Quack; will lead you about the house by pulling on your boobies weights.
She will take you through each and every room. You are not to swallow Frank's
cum or let any of it to leak out. If you don't follow Quack or if any of Frank's
cum is missing you'll get a buzz. (Robert held the black box in front of Beth's
eyes and turned the setting to the fifth and highest level.) Quack; perform your
task!"

   The redhead grasped the weights that was hanging from Beth's nipples and
started to pull Beth behind her. Beth wanted to scream as the slack ran out of
the cord that secured her clitoris to her husband's testis. But fearful of what
the amount of electrical current that would rip through her body at the fifth
setting would do if Beth loss any of Frank's semen, Beth clinched her mouth
closed. Slowly but surely the wheelchair that her husband was sitting in begin
to roll.

   "Move it Quack!" bellowed Frank.

   The redhead, double her pace pulling Beth by her nipples and in turn Beth's
clit pulled her husband by his testis as he sat in the rolling wheelchair. As
the small human train threaded its way through the beach house Frank and Robert
got dressed. When the train pulled up to it's starting point, Beth was breathing
heavily through flaring nostrils.  Tears were streaming down her face and her
body shone salaciously from the beads of sweat that covered her body. Frank
tilted Beth's head back and forced her mouth open to check the level of spunk
that resided in her oral cavity. Satisfied with the amount of spunk he found he
closed her mouth.

   Then Frank bellowed, "Quack! Drop the weights, go get your hole plugs and
bring them here."

   The redhead dropped the weights, which brutally tugged Beth's tender nipples
towards the floor. She scurried over to where her penis gag laid. After
retrieving it she rushed to the bedroom to retrieve her metal dildo and metal
butt plug. She then rushed back to Frank who stuffed the penis gag in her mouth
and locked it tightly in place. Frank then slashed her breasts several times
with his belt causing her ballooned, weighted breasts to bounce around.

   "Quack! The next time Bobby tells you to lead someone around you best do it
on the double! If I catch you in low gear again I will nail your feet to the
ceiling and pour boiling water into that snatch of yours! Bend over and spread
them!

   As the redhead spread her legs and bent over at the waist, Frank snapped,
"Sweet Cheeks! What are you gawking at! Get them hamhocks pumping and keep them
pumping until I or Bobby tell you to stop."

   Beth strained to get the wheelchair rolling again with her clitoris. Once she
got the wheelchair rolling Frank bellowed after her. You best keep up a decent
speed or you'll get the same treat that I promise Quack! Your mealy mouth best
be filled with my yummy cream when ever it is checked." Beth increased her speed
and followed the same route that the redhead had lead her the first time, towing
her husband by his testis with her clitoris as her husband sat in the rolling
wheelchair.

   Frank handed the metal dildo to Quack. Who instantly jammed the foot long
beer can thick fake cock deeply into her own cunt. Quack stood there bent over
at the waist holding the dildo in her, as Frank rammed the butt plug of the same
dimensions as the dildo into her rectum. Frank reached between Quacks legs and
hooked a wide rubber strap to the front D-ring of her leather belt locked around
her waist then pulled and stretched the rubber strap until it was able to hook
into the back D-ring. Now the foreign objects that plugged her lower holes were
held in place by the rubber strap that dug deeply into her cunt and ass crack.

   "Stand and fix your cunt lips, Quack!"

    Quack straitened up and with her left hand stretched the rubber strap out
from her pussy. With her right hand she pulled and straitened her pussy lips so
that the weights hanging from them were clear of the rubber strap. Then she let
the strap snap back into her cunt.

   Frank then bellowed, "Now go and fix me and Bobby something to eat. It best
be good and hot."

   Quack headed to the kitchen rotating her hips back and forth and shaking her
breasts from side to side, which sent all of her weights hanging from her body
in painful motion. In the kitchen Quack checked the refrigerator. It was filled
with a feast for two. Beth must have been planing a candlelight farewell dinner
for Steve before he set sail in the morning. She already notice while she was
waiting in their bedroom that Beth had a very sexy and elegant nightgown laid
out on the bed that was going to be used to cap off the romantic evening before
they settled down to a night of lovemaking.

   She placed the filet mignon steaks on the grill and began cooking them. The
mouth-watering aroma made her empty stomach growl. She had not eaten in two days
and she knew that she wouldn't eat until she was back aboard the Scorpion. She
return to the refrigerator and look into the freezer looking for some fries not
finding any she looked for fresh potatoes. All she found was a pre made potato
salad. Groaning with despair and trembled with fear, she removed the potato
salad from the refrigerator. Meat and fries that's what the Anderson boys
thought a good meal was and she didn't have any thing to make fries with. She
hoped that serving them the potato salad would save her from being punished for
not serving fries. She doubted it but she hoped. It was totally out of her
control but that wouldn't deter the Andersons from punishing her.

   While she stood there cooking the owners of the steaks entered the kitchen
from the dining room doorway. Her heart went out to them as they approach her.
Whatever loving relationship they had was now gone. The only thing they had to
look forward to now was a never-ending stream of hideous and painful tortures.
As the two pairs of eyes locked on to hers, she wished that she could console
these two tormented souls. But a foot long, beer can thick fake phallus that
completely filled her mouth and a good one third of her throat which had her
struggling just to get fresh air into her lungs much less hold a conversation.
And it was clear by Beth's puffed out cheeks that she was diligently trying to
retain the mouth full of Frank's semen. Semen that she herself deposited into
Beth's mouth and Steve's smashed jaw made it clear that the couple would not be
initiating any form of speech.

   Inexperience as she was at towing someone by there testis as they sat in a
wheel chair with her clitoris, Beth cut the turn too sharply as she round the
cooking island in the center of the kitchen. The result was that the wheelchair
got hung up on the corner of the cooking island and stopped cold. Causing the
sisal cord to bite deeper into her clitoris and severely tighten the cord around
Steve's testis. Beth's forward momentum made her pitch forward. Instinctively
Beth tried to throw her hands out in front to cushion or stop her fall but the
super glue held her hands firmly to the underside of her whipped breasts. And
she crashed to the floor face first. Beth nearly spit Frank's male seed from her
mouth, but she manage to keep the salty, gooey liquid trapped in her mouth as
she laid atop of her ballooned breasts on the cool tile of the kitchen floor.

   While Beth struggled back to her feet she saw the redhead quickly look
towards the kitchen-living room door to see if either one of the tormentors were
in view. When the redhead was satisfied that there was no respond from the
living room to the crash, the redhead rushed over to the wheelchair and slid it
pass the cooking Island so it was clear, then she rushed back to the grill and
turned the meat over. Both females exchange meaningful glances. One saying I'm
sorry that I cannot help you any more and the other saying thank you so much for
the little help that you could offer. After the brief glance Beth resumed her
agonizing journey through the kitchen towards the kitchen-living room doorway.

   Quack turned her attention back to preparing Frank's and Robert's meal. She
went to the cabinet and took out two plates. Then open several drawers until she
found the silverware. She paused monaurally as she gazed at the knives. Slowly
she curled her fingers around the large butcher knife and picked it up. The
shiny surface flashed light into her eyes as she turned the knife slowly. She
flinched as she tested the blade for sharpness. A smile crossed her face as she
made brutal slashing motions at the empty space before her. A vision of her
standing over the bleeding forms of Frank and Robert with their severed
genitalia grasped in her hand. While Beth and Steve jump and shouted with joy.

   Thwack, thwack, thwack, thwack! "Faster Sweet Cheeks!" Bellowed Frank.

   Quack's triumphant fantasy vanish and the butcher knife clattered back into
the drawer at the sound of leather striking naked skin and Frank's booming
voice. In its place the image of the seventeen-year-old Diana took its place.
Diana, who tried to stab Frank with a knife, she too was preparing a meal for
the evil Anderson brothers when she made her attempt. When it failed, Frank
using the same knife and skinned Diana alive in front of the entire complement
of the Scorpion. She died screaming in pure agony long before all of her skin
was cut and peel from her body. Diana's cured skin now hung in Frank's
stateroom. Frank force each of his captives to kiss and lick Diana's hide every
time they entered his stateroom.

   Quack shuddered at the image as she retrieved the silverware for the meal.
After placing the filet mignon steaks and the potato salad on the plates and
retrieving a bottle of champagne from the refrigerator she carried the meal to
the dining room table where Frank was examining the contents of Beth's mouth and
Robert was all ready sitting. Before the plates were fully out of her hands
Frank backed handed her across the face with enough force to send her sprawling
across the floor on her backside.

   "What the fuck! Where are the fries you fucking bitch?" Bellowed Frank.

   Quack desperately wanted to tell Frank why there were no fries but the
artificial prick that corked her mouth prevented it. She watched both sadistic
men approach her sprawled body with there belts in their hands. Her breasts felt
as if they were on fire as lash after lash from the belts blazed across them.
Despite the fiery pain that the belts burned into her breasts, she knew from
pass experience that her punishment could be much more painful if she try to
protect her breasts or avoid the raining blows of the belts. So she laid on her
back on the dining room floor and let the Andersons beat and beat her ballooned
breasts. After each of her breasts had received ten lashes the thrashing stop.
The penis gag prevented her screams from escaping but nothing prevented the
river of tears flooding from her eyes.

   Frank barked, "STAND BITCH!"

   Quack scrambled back to her feet as Frank and Robert sat down. Frank's left
hand was clinched in a fist while the index finger of that hand rocked back and
forth in the universal signal of come hear. Quack scurried over and stood in
front of Frank knowing that her punishment was not yet over.

   "Open the fuck tunnel!" Growled Frank.

   Quack unhooked the rubber strap that was holding the metal cock and metal
butt plug deep in their respective holes. She then pulled the metal cock out of
her cunt.

   Frank scooped up both servings of potato salad in his hands and smeared it
harshly across her whipped breasts. "Put this fuck tunnel stuffing where it
belongs!" Snapped Frank.

   Most of the potato salad fell to the floor at Quacks spread feet, but a thin
cool coating that covered Quack's breasts relived some of the burning sensation
caused by the lashing. Though it didn't relive much of the pain Quack was always
grateful for any amount pain reduction that she got no mater how small.
Squeezing her rectal muscles tight to prevent the butt plug from coming out,
Quack squatted and stuffed the potato salad that had drop to the floor into her
vagina.

   "Cap it!" Barked Frank.

   Quack felt the potato salad squish around the huge metal cock as she
reinserted it. Being careful not to pin her pussy lips under the rubber strap
Quack pulled and stretched the strap until it was hooked back on the front
D-ring of the leather belt around her waist. Once again the strap held the fake
cock and butt plug in place. Quack flush a deep red from embarrassment as she
stood up and saw Beth was staring wide-eyed at her pussy that was dripping
potato salad.

   Sweetly Robert asked, "Quack! What's this?  Piss water? Maybe Sweet Cheeks
here wants it..." Robert vigorously shook the bottle of champagne, aimed it at
Beth and removed the wire holding in the bung. With a gentle push from his thumb
the bung pop out of the bottle and smacked Beth in the face. Following the bung
was a stream of the expensive champagne that first splashed into Beth's face
then her breasts as Robert reaimed the squirting bottle. When it stopped
spraying he got up and poured the remaining champagne over Beth's head. When the
bottle was empty Robert coated the bottom of the bottle with super glue. Then he
jammed it bottom first into Steve's mouth and jacked it around. Every one in the
room could here the shattered bones of Steve's jaw crack and pop. Robert then
pulled Beth's head back, pried her mouth open and peered into the gaping mouth.

   Thwack, Thwack, Thwack, Thwack!

   After receiving four smacks across her rump Beth closed her mouth straiten
her head and stepped out with her left foot then her right. Once more Beth's
clitoris took the strain of towing the wheelchair by her husband's testis on
another trip around her home as champagne dripped to the floor from her body.

   Robert grabbed the weights hanging from Quacks breasts as he sweetly said,
"Quack you best find me and Frank something to drink. Pronto! (Robert violently
shook Quack's breasts from side to side.) Or I'll hang you up by these!"

   When Robert dropped the weights fasten to her breasts, Quack scurried to the
living room where there was a small wet bar. She returned to the dining room
with two bottles of Jack Denial's whiskey, two shot glasses and a small bucket
of ice. After setting the items on the table and receiving a nod from Frank, she
drop to wide spread knees and clasped her hands behind her hear. She knelt there
with her breast jutting out while the two men ate and drank. Ever now and then
one of the two men would spit a mouthful of whiskey into her face. Beth and
Steve passed behind her several times while the Andersons enjoyed the tortured
couples food and drink.

   Beth was approaching the dining room table again when she herded the phone
ring. She stopped and looked over her shoulder at the phone on the end table by
the couch that separated the dining area from the living room. Beth wasn't
expecting any calls. In fact all of her and Steve's friends and family knew that
on Steve's last night before he set sail the couple were not to be disturbed
never the less her hopes sore as the phone rang. It rang three times then
stopped. Beth look at the inert little phone that held a possibility of rescue
as the third ring died out. Precisely one minute later she nearly climbed out of
her skin when the phone started to ring again. This time it rang twice then fell
silent. It was anguishing. Who would be playing with the phone like that? She
stared and stared desperately at the sleek little object. Forty-five seconds
later it rang for a third time. Beth's heart raced as the phone reached its
fifth ring she watched Robert pass her and go to the phone. Her sprites
plummeted when, on the ninth ring he picked it up and said one word in a neutral
voice, "Lathe!" then he sat the phone back in its cradle.

   Beth trembled with pure fear when Robert Stop next to her. She began to
breathe heavily through her noses while Robert ran his hand through her
champagne, drenched hair as he spoke sweetly to her.

   "Sweet Cheeks' that was your lover. He was calling to see of hubby here has
left yet. He said that he just couldn't wait to cream in your pussy. So I told
him you couldn't wait either to come right on over, and you'll fuck him even if
hubby is still here. So he is on his way over." 

   Robert stopped stroking her hair, gave her a brotherly peck on her cheek and
headed for the dining room table. Beth let out a deep sigh of relieve, through
her flaring nostrils as she watch Robert walk away. Though it was total
fabrication, about her having a rendezvous with a secret lover, Beth looked back
over her shoulder at her husband with pleading eyes. The only thing she got back
from the face that had a champagne bottle sticking out of it was a set of steely
eyes that were glaring filled with soul killing loathing and hatred. Beth
snapped her head forward at the sound of Robert's sweet voice.

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY II




   Log Entry Number 03:

   The grand tour

   "Sweet Cheeks, Just because your lover is coming over to fuck you that
doesn't mean that you can become indolent and lollygag. Frank gave you something
to do! So do it!"  Robert then grabbed a hand full of her pussy hair and started
to walk backwards. Beth was jerked forward at twice the speed that she had been
doing on her own. Between her clit dragging the wheelchair behind her and the
leg irons hobbling her steps Beth had a hard time shuffling her feet to keep up
with Robert. But his firm grip in her pubic patch insure that she keep his pace
as he lead her through the house.

   Robert's tour was vastly different then the one that the redhead has shown
her and the she had been following. In the dining room Beth was going from the
opening between the wall and the end of the couch straight to the kitchen-dining
room door. Instead Robert led her straight down the dining room wall, then
completely around the dining room table twice then to the kitchen-dining room
door. In the kitchen he dragged her around the cooking island five times before
heading to the kitchen-living room door. In the living room he marched her all
the way to the front wall of the living room. Then he turned her and brought her
to the living room-master bedroom door, which was near the kitchen door.

   In the bedroom instead of just going into the room and back out, Steve
dragged her to the narrow passage between the right side of the bed and the
dresser. He let go of her pubic hair. After lying down on the bed he hook his
thumb towards Her husband's nightstand. Beth moved down the narrow passage. It
was a painful and tricky passage.

   Beth's clitoris was savagely jerked ever time the wheelchair caught one of
the dresser's knobs or handles. Beth had to juggle and shake the wheelchair with
her legs in order to negotiate the wheelchair down the passage to the
nightstand. It was even harder to back out of the narrow passage. With her
clitoris tied to her husband's testis and her feet shackled together she could
not turn around. So with her legs she pushed the wheelchair backwards, while
shifting it back and forth to prevent it from catching on the dresser knobs and
handles. It was the less painful of all of the movements she had to perform with
the chair. Her clitoris got a brief reprieve as her legs pushed the wheelchair
instead of her clitoris pulling it, but it was tricky.

   When the back of the wheelchair bumped into the wall Robert pointed to her
nightstand on the other side of the bed. Beth went through the same egress on
her side of the bed as she did on her husbands. While she was backing out from
her side of the bed Robert got up off the bed. When the back of the wheelchair
bump into the wall on her side of the room Robert open the door to the bathroom.
Groaning deeply Beth turned and headed for the bathroom. The redhead hadn't had
her go into the bathroom but it was plain that Robert intended for her to so she
sighed deeply and entered it. When she reached the far wall of the bathroom she
backed back out. When she was in the bedroom Robert's belt landed on her rump
four times.

   "Sweet Cheeks there is room in there to turn around. Do it again." Then
Robert slashed her rump four more times.

   Beth reentered the bathroom. It was a large and spacious bathroom but it was
never design to have someone towing a wheelchair behind her. When she reached
the far wall once again she turn to the right and step into the tub to turn
around. With her ankles shackled she had to first sit on the edge of the tub
then swing her legs over the side then stand. The short cord that was ties
between her clitoris and her husband's testis pulled and twisted her clitoris
the entire time but she finally made it. She was standing in the tub with her
rump thrust out over the edge of the tub do to the shortness of the cord. She
walked sideways to the other end of the tub and got out of the tub repeating the
steps that she used to get into the tub. She then left the bathroom a second
time to be greeted by the open door to the walk-in closet on her side of the
room. She headed for the closet. Robert almost scared her to death when he
shouted as she passed him.

   "Frank, come to the master bedroom and bring Quack with you."

   Inside the large closet Beth kick her shoes out of her way and waded through
her dresses in order to turn the wheelchair around. When she came out of the
closet she saw Frank and Robert sitting on the bed. The redhead kneeling in the
bedroom doorway holding the toilet tank top in her hands her hands. Around the
redhead's neck like a necklace was the toilet seat. The toilet seat top was on
the bed behind the two grinning men.

   Sweetly Robert spoke, "Sweet cheeks the bathroom again. This time turn left.
DO NOT USE THE TUB!"

   Beth headed back to the bathroom when she got to the door she was greeted by
the strong sent of urine. Beth groaned pitifully as she saw the bathroom. Urine
was everywhere. Every surface was wet with it. Beth entered the bathroom as she
did she lost most of the traction beneath her feet on the wet slippery tile. She
moves in short jerky steps, which made the cord jerk and snap her clitoris and
Steve's testis. When she reached the far wall she turned left. She squeezed and
twisted around the bathroom's pedestal sink. As she popped pass the sink she
slipped and splashed to the piss covered floor between the sink and the toilet.
Hearing laughter she looked up and saw the two men standing in the door laughing
and the redhead kneeling with sorrowful eyes. Beth struggled to her feet and
started to sit on the toilet with the intent of performing the same maneuver
that she used on the tub. But before she completely sat down Robert shouted.

   "STOP! YOU WILL NOT SIT OR LEAN AGAINST ANY OBJECT! CRAWL OVER THE TOILET."

   It sounded so simple, "Crawl over the toilet." Normally it would be a breeze
to do. However with her feet fettered together with only six inches of play, her
clitoris tied by a short length of cord to her husband's testis that was secure
to the accursed wheelchair and she could not use her hands to help her. They
were stilled glued to the underside of her breasts and her elbows were still
tied tightly together behind her. She was not allowed to lean against anything
for support. Beth realized she had a Herculean task ahead of her.

   Crouching until the bottom of her knees rested on the edge of the porcelain
bowl. Slowly she inched her way up the slippery surface until she was knelling
on the toilet rim. The narrow ceramic edge bit savagely into the region just
below her knees. Slowly she moved around the rim. She was nearly on the other
side of the toilet rim when the tension her clitoris had on the cord caused the
wheelchair to move. Beth teetered precariously for a few seconds then she
pitched backwards her knees flew off the toilet rim. She landed with a splat on
her truss up arms. The wheelchair slid into the toilet on the opposite side from
where her body laid. With the cord that linked clitoris and testis together
stretched over the toilet bowl.

   The cord was too short to allow Beth's rump to touch the floor so she hung
there by her clitoris. The top half of her body was resting on the piss covered
tile floor while her bottom half suspended inches above the floor. As Beth
clitoris was stretched beyond belief she let out a horrific blood-curdling
scream. Frank's jism that she had so diligently holding in her mouth all this
time came spraying out then rained back down on her. As Beth howled and
screeched like a bangee Frank and Robert burst out with uncontrollable side
splitting laughter while Quack's eye filled with tears.

   It was several minutes before Robert could control his laughter enough to
speak though he giggled the entire time he spoke. "Quack; help Sweet Cheeks.
Don't touch the cord, but you can move Sweet Cheeks and or the wheelchair around
until Sweet Cheeks is lying flat on the floor upon her back. 

   Quack rushed into the bathroom so fast that she slid and fell on to her rump
and slid all the way the far wall. Quack's antics made Robert burst out laughing
again, and Frank to laugh even harder. Quack got to her hands and knees and
cautiously crawled back to Beth whose frantic screams were becoming hoarse.
Quack lifted Beth up off the bathroom floor and sat her on her husband lap. Then
she maneuvered the wheelchair between the toilet and the tub. Once the
wheelchair was straiten out and facing the bathroom doorway Quack laid Beth down
on the bathroom floor.

   Quack began to examine Beth's clitoris. The once little pink organ of female
sexual pleasure was now horribly stretched. Beth's clitoris had no elasticity to
it at all. It just hung from the clitoral hood limply. Beth's clitoris that was
below the cord was bloated almost three times it's normal diameter. It was a
horrible deep purple, almost black and it was stone cold to the touch. Above the
cord the clitoris tissue was stretched out from its protective sheath. The top
portion of the clitoris was pencil thin and throbbed with each heartbeat and was
flaming red. Just above the cord that was tightly bound around the clitoris
leached blood. Quack gently, peeled open the clitoral hood and look at the base
of the clitoris. The tissue was all strained and ripped. Quack was so involved
with examining Beth's clitoris that she didn't here the laughter of the two men
die out. But when Frank bellowed at her, she riveted her attention on the two
men standing in the doorway.

   "Quack! Stop playing with Sweet Cheeks twiddle-dee and get your fanny over
here.

   Quack scurried over to the bathroom doorway. Frank handed her a tube of super
glue and growled; "Sweet Cheeks hands are loose put them back where they
belong."

   Quack scurried back to Beth's side. The impact with the bathroom floor had
ripped Beth's hands from her breasts. Quack reached up and grabbed a long length
of toilet paper from the dispenser and gently dabbed the bottom side of Beth's
breasts to remove any wet blood. Beth's ballooned, breast were a nasty shade of
purple though not a dark as the lower portion of her clitoris. Unlike the cord
that was tightly tied around the clitoris the rubberbands that kept Beth's and
her own breasts in a ball shape allowed some blood circulate through the tissue
instead of cutting it off completely. And though both sets of breasts had
weights hanging from them it was nowhere near the weight that Beth's clitoris
had to pull around. Once Beth's breasts were dried Quack filed Beth's palms with
super glue and press them back to the under sides of Beth's breasts. Once the
glue was set Quack release Beth's hands. Once again Beth was cupping her
breasts. Quack raced back over to the doorway.

   With glee in his voice, "Quack go to the kitchen and get some oil and butter
then go to the guest bathroom and grease every thing down then kneel on the
toilet bowl rim and wait for me. You may use your hands to balance yourself, but
remain on your knees."

   Quack scurried off to comply with Robert's orders. As she left the bedroom
she heard Frank gruff voice.

   Frank had removed his clothing in the bedroom while Quack was gluing Beth's
hands back to her breasts. Now he was squatted next to Beth nude. He pried
Beth's mouth open and peered into the oral cavity. With a tone of astonishment
Frank asked, "Sweet Cheeks where's my tasty cream you were holding for me?"

   Sobbing heavily Beth responded, "I'm sorry Frank it came out of my mouth when
I screaming while I was hanging from my clitoris. I'm very sorry I loss your
tasty cream. Please forgive me."

   "Sweet Cheeks, do you remember what Bobby told you would happen if you didn't
keep my tasty cream in that gutter trap of yours?"

   Stuttering heavily Beth respond, " Yes Frank I remember. Robert said that he
would push the button on the remote at its highest setting to make my butt plug
send electricity through my body."

   "That's right Sweet Cheeks, Your going to get such a jolt from your toy in
your poop chute that ever thing that's been done to you so far will feel like a
love tap. Even the pain of being hanged by this twiddle-dee, (Frank pulled
Beth's head up off the floor by her hair with his right hand and the cord with
his left hand and pulled her clitoris up enough for her to see the destroyed
organ, then shook it.)  "Is nothing, compare to the fiery steam of electricity
coursing through your body." (Frank let both Beth's head and her clitoris drop
to the floor as he stood up.) "So get ready to be zapped. But don't worry it
will not kill you even though you might think it is. As a mater of fact it won't
even let you loose consciousness. It just will set every nerve on fire and keep
them in burning pure agony for hours on end.

   Hell I had one bitch that went a full week with one of these little toys up
her poop chute and one toy up her fuck tunnel like Quack has. It was twice the
fun to see her squirm and thrash around. The silly bitch bit her tongue off in
the first hour and shattered all of her teeth by the end of the third hour. But
after a week the bitch was totally spent. So I gave her a brake and stop the
electricity. But she didn't die. Ready for your five hours of zapping good fun,
Sweet Cheeks?"

   Beth started pleading vehemently she said and promise anything and everything
that she could think of. Both Frank and Robert got a real charge out of it they
let her rant and rave for several minutes

   Then in his sickening sweet voice Robert injected, "Hay Frank, Sweet Cheeks
has been working really hard giving Vanilla here tours of this lovely home. What
about all those great fucks and blow jobs she given us. And the great show she
just given here in the bathroom. Don't you think she has earn a small reprieve?"

   "I don't know about that Bobby we did promise her the jolts. Let me talk to
her and I'll let you know." Frank responded. Frank grinned as he nudged Beth's
breasts with his foot. "Sweet Cheeks, Would you rather (A) Hold something else
in that gutter mouth of yours and continue touring the house with hubby here or
(B) Do you want your five hours of zapping good fun?"

   Beth responded so quickly that she was practically tongue-tied. "The mouth!
I'll hold anything you want in my gutter mouth and I won't swallow it or spit it
out no matter what and I'll tour the house with Steve all night long or longer
if you want me to. Please Frank let me do that for you instead of being zap for
five hour. Please Frank!"

   "Okay Sweet Cheeks, but if your mouth doesn't contain what is deposited there
or if you stop touring the house with Vanilla without permission you will get
ten hours of zapping instead of five. Understand? There will be no second
reprieve. This is your last chance to choose. What will it be Sweet Cheeks (A)
or (B)?"

   "(A); Frank I choose (A)! I hold anything you want in my mouth and tour the
house with Steve. Please Frank." Beth begged.

   "Very well open your mouth wide and keep it open till I tell you to close
it." Snapped Frank as he squatted over his victim's face.

   Beth thought that Frank was going to insert his phallus into her mouth and
fuck her mouth and refill it with the sticky male seed but when his phallus went
pass her gapping mouth she was puzzled. She remained puzzled until she saw a
long dark brown turd slither from his rectum and descend into her mouth. Beth
nearly gagged and spit the vile turd back out of her mouth but the image of her
thrashing about as electricity burn through her body for ten hours convinced her
to lay still and let Frank fill her mouth up with his feces.

   When Frank finish filling Beth's mouth up with his shit he order her to close
her mouth tightly. He then ran his ass across her face leaving a trail of shit
from her chin, over her lips and nose ending across her forehead. Frank went
back to the bedroom. He used Beth's sexy nightgown to wipe his ass free of shit
and piss off of his feet. While redressing he heard his little brother in that
sickening sweet voice of his.

   "Up and at 'em! Sweet Cheeks, you got a job to do."

   Frank then heard Beth struggling to her feet. A few moments latter Robert
emerged from the bathroom with Beth's pussy hair clasped tightly in his left
hand. As the human train left the bedroom Frank scooted back on the bed
listening to his little brother have his fun.

   Out in the living room Beth's clitoris now felt every crack that was between
the planks of the hardwood floor. It screamed in agony clear down to its root.
Any hope that Robert would go easier on her, because of the fall in the bathroom
quickly vanished, as Robert continued to lead her about. He pulling her by her
cuntal hairs at a speed that her shackle feet had trouble keeping up with.
Robert was leading Beth up and down the length of the living room. It took ten
passes to traverse the wide room. When they got to the guest room side of the
living room near the couch, Robert led her across the front of the couch and
stopped in front of the wet bar. He let go of her cuntal hair long enough for
him to grab two more bottles of whiskey. Grasping her cuntal hairs he dragged
her to the master bedroom side of the living room and header towards the front
of the living room. As the group passed Beth's bedroom door Robert tossed his
brother whom was lying in her bed one of the bottles without breaking his
stride. Up and down she was lead. On the fifth leg Robert stop pulling her when
she was under the eyebolt that she and Steve were hung from just in front of the
couch and released her cuntal hairs.

   "Refreshment time." Robert cracked the seal and opened the bottle of whiskey.
Taking a swig from the bottle Robert swished it around his mouth like mouthwash
then he spit the contents of his mouth into Beth's face. Then Robert swallowed
two large gulps for himself. "Boy that hit the spot, didn't it Sweet Cheeks?"

   Beth wished that she could drink some of the whiskey that was dripping from
her face. With the entire bizarre excursion that she had been through Beth's
body yearned for moisture. She looked at Robert disparagingly and nodded her
head up and down while giving a very muffled, "Yes." through a tightly closed
and shit filled mouth.

   Robert sat down on the couch then took another gulp of whiskey. "Good, good.
Having fun touring with hubby?"

   "Enjoying!" No person could enjoy the horrific pain that wrack through her
clitoris. Beth was sure that even these two evil men could not take the amount
of abuse to there sex organs that hers and her husband's had had been through in
just a few long hours of agonizing torment. But once again she nodded her head
and gave a muffled, "Yes."

   "That's nice to hear. It is a very fine home all nice and cozy and warm. (A
purely evil grin spread across Robert's face) Not to mention very, very
secluded. Why you could do just about anything, in a place like this and no one
would know a thing about it. No wonder you like to show it off to hubby here."
Leaning back on the couch Robert unzipped the fly on his paints and pulled his
long thin and very hard phallus out. "Did the games you played with this,
(Robert waggled his cock back and forth.) make you happy?"

   Beth groaned and trembled as she look at the long, thin, stiff organ
protruding from Robert's crotch. The brutal rapes of all three of her opening by
this man and Frank were nothing like the tender love making that she had with
her husband. For a third time she gave Robert an affirmative response.

   "Great! Then we'll play with it again soon. (Robert stuffed his cock back
into his paints and closed the zipper.) "Be a doll and shake those titties for
me."

   Beth juggled her hands back and forth to make her ballooned breasts to
wobble, causing the weights hanging from her nipples to swing.

   "Is Frank's candy tasty?"

   The feces that were filling her mouth were constantly causing her stomach to
churn. She had to fight to keep the bile from rising up her throat. If it did it
would eject Frank's gift and she would receive ten hours of fiery electricity.
Once again the despondent girl responded affirmatively.

   "Go ahead and get a really good taste. But don't relish the candy so much
that you forget that you're holding it for Frank and swallow it." Giggled
Robert.

   Beth ran her tongue around her mouth and all through the feces. Forget! How
could she ever forget anything that has happen to her this day? Forget, no she
would never forget.

   "Would twiddle-dee like be relived from towing duty?"

   Beth's eyes lit up; Robert was talking about releasing her clitoris from its
horrible job of towing the wheelchair. Beth shook her head vehemently.

   "QUACK; get your buns out here pronto!" Bellowed Robert.

   Beth watched the redhead emerge from the guest bedroom. Her body glistened
from oil and butter that covered it. The redhead was walking very oddly. When
she stopped next to Robert Beth saw two red indentations just below the
kneecaps. Remembering her brief time kneeling on the rim of the toilet bowl Beth
now understood the strange walk of the redhead.

   Robert reached into his shirt pocket and retrieved a key. After handing it to
the redhead she turned and faced Beth. Beth watched the face of the redhead
corkscrew when she dropped to her knees. The redhead leaned forward after a
resounding click the shackle around Beth's left ankle fell free. Moment's later
Beth's right ankle was also freed. For the first time in hours Beth's ankles
were completely unfettered. Nervously Beth shifted from foot to foot swing each
in a wide unrestrained arc with euphoria abandonment.

   Standing back up and facing Robert, Quack handed the shackles and key to him.

   "Rings! Lips only!" Barked Robert.

   The redhead rummaged through the duffel bag on the couch and took out a small
pouch. Then turned and dropped back to her knees and waited.

   In the sickening sweet voice that Beth dreaded Robert spoke to her. "Sweet
Cheeks stop your fidgeting and spread your legs wide."

   Beth obeyed Robert commend instantly. Her eyes grew wide as Robert pulled the
little box that controlled her butt plug out of his pocket.

   "Good. Now Sweet Cheeks, Quack here is going to pierce those lovely plump
cunt lips of yours and insert rings in to them. You are to remain perfectly
still throughout the procedure. If you don't, (Robert wave the little box he was
holding.) one full day! Understand Sweet Cheeks?"

   Beth's body responded with horripilation. She stood there trembling eyes,
darting between the box in Robert's hand to the redhead kneeling before her.
Slowly she shook her head in an affirmative response.

   "Proceed!"

   Beth felt her left pussy lip being pulled further downwards by the alligator
clip that was snapped onto the lip. She then felt the cold jaws of the piercing
punch on the distended lip. A blinding flash of light flash across Beth's eyes
and her knees buckled as the piercing punch speared the taunt flesh of her pussy
lip. Tears would have streamed down Beth's face if the tear ducts had not run
out of fluid back in the bathroom where she wailed and balled as she hung from
the toilet by her clitoris. So instead she stood dry eyed, with her eyes
bulging, knees trembling and a searing pain roaring through her left pussy lip
as the redhead pass a steel ring through the hole left behind by the punch. Once
the ring was embedded Beth felt her pussy lip snapped back up as the redhead
released her grip on the alligator clip. Beth wasn't given anytime to adjust to
the ring in her left pussy lip when the process started all over with her right
pussy lip. Moments later both of Beth's pussy lips had a ring passing through
them.

   "Transfer the line"

   Beth felt the redhead's delicate fingers lift her clitoris then she heard a
snipping sound of shears then the redhead gently lowered and released her
clitoris. Beth next felt a light tugging of the rings going through her pussy
lips. Beth had hope that the cord around her clitoris would have been removed
but instead the cord was cut and transferred to her new rings going through her
pussy lips. Her clitoris was still tightly bound. Beth sighed deeply.

   Quack rose and replaced the piercing kit back in the duffel bag.

   "Toilet, Quack!"

   Beth watched the redhead head back towards the guestroom. At the sound of
Robert's sickly sweet voice Beth shifted her gaze from the redhead and back to
the cruel sadistic man speaking to her.

   "Sweet Cheeks you will use the same route in the guest bedroom as you did in
yours. Go down both sides of the bed. In both bathrooms you will perform all
three egress that you did in your bathroom. You are to first go straight in the
back out, then reenter and climb into the tub to turn around and proceed to the
closet then finally reenter the bathroom and craw over the toilet to turn around
and exit the bedroom. You are not to sit or lean against anything in either
bathroom to aid you in your turns. You already know about the piss in your
bathroom, as a special bonus Quack has oiled and buttered down the guest
bathroom. After exiting each bedroom you will traverse the living room twice
before proceeding to the next room. You know the route you are to follow?"

   Beth nodded her head slowly. The piss was slippery enough but oil and butter.
Beth knew she was going to slip and slide all over the place. She shuddered as
she pictured herself hanging from the toilet by her pussy lips.

   "Good! Come here!"

   Beth stepped forward and gave a small whimpering yelp as the cord slack ran
out and her pussy lips were stretch backwards as they took the strain of towing
the wheelchair. Tough it was painful it was not as painful as towing the
wheelchair with her clitoris had been. Beth stood in front of Robert as he
reattached the shackles around her ankles. Once more her feet were feathered by
the six inches of chain between her ankles.

   Leaning back on the couch Robert filled his mouth with whiskey and spit it
back out into Beth's face. Leaning forward Robert slapped Beth's cunt with an
underhand swing of his palm hard enough to make Beth to lurch up on her toes.
"On your way Sweet Cheeks." Robert smiled and sat back as he watch Beth walk up
and down the living room towing the wheelchair by her husbands nuts with her
cunt lips. When Beth got to the guest bedroom she started to turn into it. "All
the way to the couch the back to the room Sweet Cheeks." Beth stopped her turn
and complied with Robert's order.

   As Beth shuffled as quickly as she could around her home she got the oddest
sensation. She expected and got the ripping pain in her pussy lips as she towed
the wheelchair. What surprised her was her clitoris. The organ had lost all of
its elasticity after hours of being stretched by towing the wheelchair and
briefly holding the weight of her hips off the bathroom floor; so the little
organ now hung limply from its sheath. Each step caused the clitoris to swing
and slap against her thighs. Beth could feel the clitoris swing from its root
inside the sheath and her thighs felt the impact of the clitoris as it slapped
them. But she felt no sensation at all form the clitoris itself. Not even from
the normal sensitive rose bud at the tip of the clitoris. No sensation at all,
it juts flopped around like a wet noodle as she towed the wheelchair by her
husband's testis.

   Robert got up off the couch as he saw Beth pass the guest room doorway on her
way to the bathroom. When he entered the room and look towards the bathroom he
burst out laughing. What he saw was Quack struggling to remain on the rim of the
toilet and Sweet Cheeks trying to reach the far wall of the bathroom.

   Just as both girls tumbled to the floor, his brothers, who had come to see
what was amusing his little brother so much, joined Robert's laughter. As the
two girls tussled on the oiled floor he was glad he had come. It was a great
little show. He watched the two girls, each one trying to comply with Robert's
orders. Slowly the tangle of body parts sorted themselves out.

   With out the burden of having her cunt lips tied to a set of nuts that were
secured to a wheelchair and having hand that were unrestrained, Quack was the
one who came out on top and resume her place on the rim of the toilet bowl.
Sweet Cheeks laid face down on the slippery bathroom floor trying to keep her
ass high enough to ease the strain on her pussy lips.

   "Now, Quack that wasn't very nice. You bitches should work together. So from
now on when Sweet Cheeks comes to this bathroom you are to slide off your perch
and sit in the wheelchair until Sweet Cheeks completes all three of her egress.
When Sweet Cheeks reenter the living room get out of the wheelchair and resume
your perch on the rim of the toilet bowl. Do it now Quack!" Snapped Robert.

   Both men watch Quack slide off the toilet onto Sweet Cheeks back then climb
into the wheelchair, at first she crouch over Steve with her feet poised on the
front edge of the wheelchair seat. Her hands grasped the wheelchair's armrest to
assist her in maintaining her crouch position.

   "I said sit bitch! Now plop that heinie of yours down! Grasp the wheelchair
arms and pull up on the chair arms!" snapped Robert.

      Quack ass dropped right on top of Steve's trust up nuts and with her
pulling against the arms of the wheelchair smashed her ass into Steve's nuts.
Quack heard a muffled agonizing scream from the man whose balls she was
crushing.

   "Sweet Cheeks get to your feet and start hauling." Barked Robert.

   Beth slipped and slid on the slippery oiled floor as she struggled to her
feet. Her pussy lips instantly felt the added weight of the redhead in the
wheelchair as she pulled it through the bathroom.

   "Quack wiggle that heinie of yours back and forth and rest your feet on that
cord in front of you. You are to make sure there is always tension on that
cord." Growled Robert.

   Quack heard Steve's muffled screams as she ground his balls and watched Beth
shudder as she pushed the cord attached to Beth's pussy lips with her feet. When
Beth started backing up Quack pushed on the cord keeping it taunt. Which rob
Beth of the brief period where her pussy lips could rest without a strain on
them.

   Frank and Robert watched in amusement as Sweet Cheeks slipped in the tub five
time and hung her self on the toilet twice before she completed her three egress
of the bathroom and made it back out into the living room. Once in the living
room Quack got up off of Steve and resumed her perch on the rim of the toilet
bowl as Beth headed for the dining room.

   Beth fell into a dull but extremely painful rut. As she made circuit after
circuit around her home towing a wheelchair by her husband's testis with her
pussy lips as her clitoris flopped around like a wet noodle.

   Frank and Robert took turns sleeping. First Frank then Robert. Each got four
hours of blissful sleep, while Beth drudgingly towed the wheelchair by her
husband's testis with her cunt lips, throughout the night. Beth got just two
short brakes. The first one came two hours after Frank had gone to sleep. Robert
halted her in the same spot where the redhead had pierce her pussy lips. Robert
had her kneel and swallow Frank's excrement, and then Robert urinated in her
mouth. Piss that, she greedily sucked down her gullet. Her mind protested and
wanted to refuse which was normally a revolting act. But her dehydrated body
over ruled it. It did not care where the liquid came from it just wanted
moisture to replace the vast amount of body fluid that she had expended. Beth
greedily sucked on Robert phallus until she had drain every last drop of urine
out. Robert let Beth continue to suck on his phallus until his sticky sperm
flooded into her mouth. Beth also sucked every drop of his male seed down into
her stomach. After Beth had drain both his bladder and scrotum of their fluids
he refilled her mouth with his feces, and had her resume her towing. Three hours
later Frank repeated the violation of Beth's oral cavity giving Beth her second
short break.

   On one of her circuits the redhead did not get off of the wheel chair after
leaving the guest bathroom instead the redhead road atop of the wheelchair until
Beth start her five revolutions of the cooking island in the kitchen. There the
redhead retrieved a bottle of cooking oil and butter from the refrigerator. She
then climbed back up onto the wheelchair. When Beth entered her bedroom the
redhead climb off the wheelchair and went to the bathroom with the oil and
butter by time Beth was ready to enter the bathroom the redhead had completely
oiled and buttered it. Then the redhead resume her seat atop of Steve and stayed
there grinding her rump into Steve's balls and pushing the cord attached to
Beth's pussy lips, until Beth completed her trip through the guest bathroom once
again. That was the most painful circuit she had to perform sense she started
pulling with her pussy lips and it left her with two oiled and buttered down
bathrooms to negotiate.

   Beth endurance was a tribute to her superb physical fitness. Beth was a
fitness nut she ran five miles every day and routinely worked out at the gym.
But she never had walked for nearly twelve hour while pulling over two hundred
and fifty pounds. She had never had nor even heard of anyone towing anything
with her clitoris or pussy lips, until now. So it was not surprising that right
after her second break Beth had trouble staying on her feet as she pulled the
wheelchair. But she was not allowed to stop. Frank had her perform a sort of a
crawling, slither instead of walking.

    While laying face down on the floor she would draw her knees to her
ballooned breasts then she would raise her breasts off the floor and push
herself forward. Then she would lay back down on her breasts and draw he knees
forward again. Slowly Beth moved along the floor in this fashion. Frank's belt
ensured that Beth did not stay in one place too long. She was extremely grateful
when Frank told her that she only had to tour the living room, dining room and
the kitchen. After Beth had stopped going through the bed and bathrooms, Frank
had Quack begin to clean up the bungalow.

   Beth crawled through the three rooms until Robert got up at four a clock in
the morning. While Robert took a shower, Frank dragged Beth by her hair to the
front door. After releasing her hair he bellowed "Quack get your ass in here."

   
CLOSE LOG ENTRY III




   Log Entry Number 04:

   The docks


   Beth watched the redhead rush into the room with the funny walked that was
caused by her kneeling on the rim of the toilet bowl. On seeing Beth kneeling
near the front door she rushed to the master bedroom and came back out with
several suitcases and a towel. The suitcases were filled with Beth and Steve's
valuables and clothing, that had been gathered through out the night by the two
brothers. She then went to the couch and retrieved the duffel bag from the
couch. After sling the duffel bag over her shoulder she then joined the small
group at the door. After piling the suitcases on Steve's lap, the redhead stood
at the front door and look back over her shoulder.

   The bungalow was as it was when she had first entered it. All evidence of the
bizarre activities that had transpired was gone. And with clothing that would
have been taken for working on a yacht and several sets of fine clothing stuffed
into the suitcases. Anyone looking for Beth would assume that she had gone with
Steve to help him. Which was something that had happen many times before. So no
one was going to miss her for a very long time.

   Frank grabbed Steve's hair then the neck of the champagne bottle. Frank
yanked his hands in opposite directions. It took three savage yanks before the
bottle that was super glued in Steve's mouth was ripped free.

   Frank threw a brightly colored Hawaiian print shirt at the redhead while
bellowing "Put it on him!" As the redhead put the shirt on, Frank took the
champagne bottle with him to the kitchen.

   When Frank return from the kitchen he barked, "Swallow Sweet Cheeks! ".

   After Beth swallowed Frank's feces Robert place the champagne bottle to
Beth's lips. She had downed nearly a third of the bottle before she realized
that the water she was drinking had a strong soapy taste. She looked up at Frank
who was smiling down at her and tilting his hand in a drinking motion. As
dehydrated as Beth was she happily drank the soppy water. After all she has
drank both Frank's and Robert's urine so what was a little soap. So she drank
until the bottle was empty. What Beth didn't know was that the soap that Frank
had spiked the water with would soon make her stomach cramp horribly.

   When Robert came out of the master bedroom nude, looking as Apollo like, as
when Beth first saw him, Frank open the front door wide enough for him to slip
out then he closed the door behind him. Suddenly all of the lights in the house
went out. Tough Beth couldn't see very well in the darkness, it was apparent to
her that nether Robert nor the redhead was concern about the blackout. By time
Beth heard a vehicle pull up in front of the house Robert was dress in the
proper clothes for a deckhand on a yacht.

   "Up and atom Sweet Cheeks." Came Robert's sweet voice out of the darkness.

   Just as Beth struggled to her feet Robert open the front door open.

   THWACK! "Move it Sweet Cheeks" Barked Robert.

   The single harsh lash across her the top of her breasts caused her to yelp
and spur her to move. She followed Robert out the door and across the porch. She
heard the front door close behind her and the dead bolt slide into place. Beth
followed Robert down the five steps on the front porch. She was afraid the
wheelchair would either topple over or rush down the steps and run her over but
neither occurred. She suspected that the redhead was steadying the wheelchair as
it descended down the steps. In front of her a black panel van that was backed
up in the driveway with its back doors open and a steep ramp sticking out of the
back. Frank stop Beth when she reach the van, he stuffed a large ball gagged
into her mouth and fasten it tightly around Beth's head.

   Sweetly Robert whispered, "In you go Sweet Cheeks!"

   Beth thought that she would go out of her mind from the pain that rip through
her pussy lips as she pulled the wheelchair up the ramp and into the van. She
was eternally grateful that it was her pussy lips that pulled the wheelchair
into the van and not her clitoris.

   "Go all the way to the front and kneel in the center."

   The van only had two seats in the front. The back of the van was windowless.
As Beth knelt and walked on her knees to the back of the front seats, she
noticed that the van's support ribs had eyebolts and hooks in them along the
sides and top. Beth looked over her shoulder she saw the redhead laying face
down on the floor of the van with her shackled legs folded back and resting on
her rump, at very back of the van. She watched Frank loop a pair of handcuffs
around the chain of the shackles. Then Frank drew the redhead's arms behind her
back and snapped the handcuffs around her wrist. He then lifted the redhead up
by the shackles chain and handcuff chain and slipped them over a hook in the
roof of the van. The redhead hung from the roof of the van by her cuff wrists
and ankles. Robert slid the ramp under the hanging redhead and closed the back
doors.

   Frank moved forward and grasped Beth's shackle chain and yanked it up. She
crash forward onto the floor of the van upon her face. Frank pulled Beth's
ankles up and hooked her shackle's chain on a hook. Beth lay on her ballooned
breasts with her ankles hook to the top of the van, which caused her back to
arch painfully backwards. Frank walked across Beth's back and sat in the
driver's seat, while Robert climbed into the passenger seat.

   The van's engine roared to life, Frank engaged the transmission and jammed
the accelerator to the floor. Quack swung from her hook and slammed into the
van's rear doors. The wheelchair rolled backwards, coming to a jerking halt just
before smashing into Quack. Quack was save from having the wheelchair smashing
into her by Beth's pussy lips. When the cord that connected Steve's testicles
and Beth's pussy lips together snapped taunt it also stretch and snapped the
testicles and pussy lips bringing the wheelchair to a sudden halt. At the end of
the driveway Frank slammed down on the brakes, bring the van to a screeching
halt. The wheelchair rushed forward and would have crashed into the van's seats
if was not for Beth, who brought the wheelchair to a standstill as it slammed
into her body.

   "Enjoying the ride back there?" Robert asked whimsically.

   The van filled with the sound of laughter as it accelerated forward rapidly.
Once again Quack slammed into the rear doors while a set of pussy lips and
testicles were stretched and snapped taunt. The laughter in the van was backed
up by long gurgling howls. As Frank drove to the harbor he followed the same
cycle of sudden stops and rapid accelerations. After the van accelerated for the
fifth time and the howling scream died down, a meek gurgling pitiful plea
escaped from Steve's lips.

   "Stop! Please stop! Dear God, Robert please, stop!"

   "Getting a little car sick Steve?" Giggled Robert.

   "Robert, have mercy. My balls, Robert, My balls! Please stop!" Steve barely
understandable voice pleaded as he spoke with a busted jaw.

   "Are you going to be a good boy when we talk to Mr. Garner?"

   "Yes Robert, I'll behave and persuade Mr. Garner to accept you as my
replacement."

   Frank started to drive casually as Robert got up and headed to the rear of
the van. He unhooked Quack from the van's roof and dragged her forward and
deposited her on the van's floor on the right side next to the wheelchair.
Pulling a pocketknife from his jeans pocket and flicking it open, Robert cut the
cord connecting cunt lips and nuts together. Robert then pushed the wheelchair
to the back of the van and tucked a blanket around Steve's nude lower torso.

   Are you going to sit here quietly Steve?'

   "Yes Robert I'll behave." gasped Steve.

   Robert cut the cords holding Steve's arms to the wheelchair armrests and the
cord around Steve's waist. While Steve massage his trust up balls Robert return
to Quack lifted her up and hung her from a hook in van's roof over the spot
where the wheelchair had been. Steve turned Quack's hanging form until she was
facing Steve. Robert then picked up the cord that was hanging from Beth's cunt
lips that he had cut from Steve's nuts. Robert threaded the cord through Quack's
cunt lip rings and started pulling on the cord until the two sets of cunt lips
were drawn together then secured the cord. Then Robert sat back down.

   "Please Robert!" Steve meekly squeaked. "Beth!"

   With out turning around Robert snapped, "If you behave and Mr. Garner accepts
me, Frank here will take care of Sweet Cheeks. In the mean time sit there and
SHUT THE FUCK UP!" 	

   The van tires hummed along the road the only thing that broke the silence in
the van was the muffled sobbing of the two bound females as their cunts kissed
each other. Frank parked the van in a secluded part of the pier's parking lot
where the Random Access was moored. Frank and Robert unloaded the wheelchair
from the van. As Robert pushed Steve in the wheelchair towards the Random
Access, Frank lean against the van and waited for his brother's return.

   Thirty minutes later Frank saw his brother pushing the wheelchair back to the
van. "How did it go?" Frank asked as Robert reached the van.

   "The rich fuck head went for it." Beamed Robert "Had a little trouble
convincing the rich fuck. He wanted to call the agency later on today to get
another license seamen. Even the superb act from Steve here couldn't sway him.
But the fucking slut he's married to use her sluttish wiles on him. The bitch
yammered about the delay that waiting for an agency replacement would cause and
some type of glitzy rich brouhaha that the delay would cause her to miss,
convince the rich fuck to accept me as Steve's replacement. So were in business.
Hell the stupid bitch even talk the rich fuck into giving Steve five thousand
dollars in cash to help poor Steve with his medical bills."  The brothers
grinned and burst out laughing as Robert wave the wad of bills.

   After Frank and Robert loaded Steve and the wheel chair into the van and
secured his wrist to opposite sides of the van, Robert slung the duffel bag of
torture devices over his shoulder and closed the van's back doors.

   "See you at the rendezvous point in four hours." Robert headed back to the
Random Access.

   "We'll, be there little brother."  Frank climbed back into the van and
started its engine and headed out of the parking lot.

   Steve sat quietly as Frank drove from the rich side, with its fine yacht
clubs with their fancy yachts, to the working side of the bay. Steve was about
to ask Frank about releasing his wife's pussy lips from the redheads when the
van pulled into a warehouse and stopped. When Frank got out, Steve thought Frank
was abandoning them on the docks. Steve shuttered at the thought of some greasy
dockworker finding them. He could see the headlines of the newspapers.
"Dockworker Discovers Bizarre Sex Cult." As he looked at the bound females who
had been pulled together by their pussy lips, his wife started to thrash around.
Steve didn't hear the van doors open behind him as Beth squirmed, twisted and
bounced around on her ballooned breasts. The gruff laughter behind him made
Steve look over his shoulder. He saw Frank and a large barrel chested muscular
man laughing.

   "What's the matter Sweet Cheeks? Your tum, tum got a little cramp." Giggled
Frank as he cut the cord that was tied around Steve's truss up cock to the
wheelchair cross bar. Then the two men released Steve's wrist. Frank yanked the
wheelchair backwards. It flew out of the van and crash on it's back on the
warehouse floor knocking the breath out of Steve.

   From the floor of the warehouse Steve gasped "Please Frank, Beth! Robert said
that you would take care of Beth. Please Frank.

   Frank hissed evilly, "Oh, I'll take care of her all right!" and climbed in to
the van.

   Frank unhooked Beth's shackled feet from the top of the van and let her drop.
Frank watched Beth hanging from Quack's cunt lips by Beth's own cunt lips,
convulsing violently as the painful cramps surge through Beth's guts. Frank
unhooked Quack and let her drop to the floor of the van. He then grab Quack by
her head hair and dragged the two females out of the van on top of Steve. The
three bodies writhe on the floor of warehouse. "Well Al should we get these
three aboard the Scorpion?" Frank asked his big brother.

   "Sure, Frank." Al responded. Steve gasped and winced as the metal butt plug
popped out of his rectum as Al jerked the wheelchair from under him. "Get your
fucking ass over to the door Shit Head or I'll give your fucking legs company
and bust your fucking arms. Steve untangled himself from his wife and the
redhead then dragged himself to the door of the warehouse.

   "Sweet Cheeks stop loafing around and join hubby. Snapped Frank.

   Though cramps still rage through her guts Beth struggled to her feet and
dragged Quack by their joined pussy lips, while her stretched clitty flopped
around, to where her husband lay. When Beth glanced down she was startled. She
had watched it being trust up and pulled between his legs yesterday morning. But
as she looked down at her husband it was the first time that she had seen it.
Stick out of his ass crack was the dark purple, bulbous head of her husband's
phallus with the dark purple, blood engorge, rock hard, long shaft buried deep
in the furrow of his buttocks. Beth stared at it in disbelief.

    "It's darn right funny seeing two eyes wink at you from hubby's ass, isn't
it, Sweet Cheeks? It's going to be hilarious when hubby fills his abdominal
cavity with his piss. He will you know!" Snickered Frank. He placed his deck
shoe against the tip of the head of Steve's prick and raked the deck shoe across
it. "Without any outlet his piss will stretch and stretch his piss sack. POW!"
Beth jumped, as she was startled when Frank screamed directly in her ear. "Like
a over inflated balloon! On your back shit head."

   Steve moaned as he rolled on to his back. He had heard Frank's speech to his
wife. For hours now he had a terrible urge to urinate. But he was holding it to
save himself from the humiliating act of pissing in front of everyone. Now he
clamped down and tried his best to piss. But with the sisal cord that was
tightly bound around the base of his cock, Steve found it impossible to piss.
Not a single solitary drop of piss escaped from his piss slit. Steve realized
how true Frank's words were.

   "Sweet Cheeks, squat over hubby's face" Barked Frank.

   Beth dragged the redhead by their pussy lips, between wide spread legs and
over the supine torso until she was squatting over her husband's face.

   Kicking Steve in the groin Frank snapped, "Shit head look what you did to
your wife's pink little clitty!"

   Steve shuddered as he looked at the bloated, near black organ that was
dangling from a long thin section of flesh protruding from its sheath. As his
wife's deformed clitoris dangled above his face he burst out crying and mumbled
almost incoherently "Dear God! What have I done! I'm sorry Beth; I should have
done what Robert wanted me to do, before any of this started. I put my pride
before your safety. Please Beth forgive me."

   "Now, now Shit Face, apologize to Sweet Cheeks properly. Suck that clitty in
your mouth and start sucking and licking until your told to stop.

   Beth knew that her husband was complying with Frank's order. She felt the
movement of he clitoris at its root, but from the clitoris it self she felt
nothing as it was suck and licked by her husband. What Beth did feel was her
painfully stretched pussy lips snapped back into place as Frank cut the cord
that held her and the redhead's pussy lips together.

   "Sweet Cheeks, Go Stand next to Al!" Barked Frank.

   Before her clitoris popped from her husband's sucking mouth, Beth felt a
slight pull at the root of her clitoris as she stood and went over to Al. Beth
watch Frank pull the redhead between her husbands legs as Al slipped a muumuu
over her nude form. An empty box that covered the odd shape of her jutting
ballooned breasts and hands that were still glued to the bottom of those breasts
was fixed to the front of the muumuu. From where her arms would normally
protrude were two realistic looking artificial arms that wrap around the empty
box as if Beth herself was carrying the box. Down the back of the muumuu was a
backpack that obscured the lump her tied elbows made, the hem of the muumuu
brush against the warehouse floor covering her shackled feet.

   "On your stomach Shit Head." Barked Al as he lifted the front of Beth's
muumuu with one hand and flicked her dangling clitoris with the forefinger of
the other hand. While Al flicked her clitoris around Beth watched Frank tightly
cuff her husband's wrist behind his back then jam a huge "J" shape butt plug
coated with super glue up his rectum. She then watched Frank secure the short
chain of the handcuffs to the eyebolt of the "J" shape butt plug. Al grasped
Beth's clitoris and dragged her to the door by it, while Frank slid a pole
between Quack's shackled wrists and ankles then through Steve's cuffed wrist.
Once the pole was in place Frank draped a canvas tarp over the pole that made a
tent that covered Steve and Quack.

   "Ready Al." Frank calmly stated.

   Al, release Beth clitoris, allowing the front of the muumuu to fall down.
After Al opened the door and bark a single word. "MARCH!"

   Beth stepped out into the predawn morning light as far as the six inches of
chain that her hobbled feet would allow. She shuffled towards the blood red
salvage vessel with an emblem of a black scorpion on the side of the bridge, in
front of her. As Beth shuffled towards the vessel she glanced over her shoulder.
She saw Al and Frank who were grinning. They were carrying the pole that her
husband and the redhead were hanging from.

   "That's right Sweet Cheeks that's your new home. Don't you worry about its
unfamiliarly, you'll soon be touring every square inch of her. But for now get
your ass on board pronto."

   Shuffling forward Beth's eyes locked on the ominous vessel in front of her
and groaned. She could not conceive how she could pull a wheelchair throughout
the large multilevel vessel in order to tour it but she shuddered at the thought
of it. Stepping on the boarding ramp Beth quickly glanced around the dock
looking for a possible rescuer. The dock was deserted except for a single figure
at the far end of the dock that was receding into the distance. The man had stop
and fiddle with something slung over his shoulder and a little box attached to
the side of building. Beth realized that it was the dock's night watchman
boringly making his rounds. She yearned to scream out, but with her mouth
stuffed with a large rubber ball the only sound she could make was a very
muffled grunting sounds. Beth also realized even if the watchman look in her
direction or anyone else who happen to looking in the dim predawn light in her
direction would assume that it was three ordinary people boarding there vessel
with supplies, instead of two sadistic men and three bound and tortured
individuals.

   Once the little ban was aboard the Scorpion and inside the vessel's mess
deck; Al and Frank unceremoniously drop their burden on the deck. Frank then
carefully to avoid damaging it relieved Beth of the muumuu. Once again nude
Frank lead Beth by her clitoris to the engine room behind Al who was dragging
her husband by his busted legs. Once in the engine room Beth and her husband
were thrown between the two massive main engines into six inches of oily sludge,
bilge water. The deck plate was screwed in place trapping husband and wife in
the bilge. Then Al and Steve prep the two dormant engines and brought them
roaring to life. Fifteen minutes later the bilge, entomb couple felt the
Scorpion slide away from the dock.

   **********

   Aboard the Random Access Robert had establishing a quick repose with the
Garners. After the yacht had cleared the harbor and the course was set, Mr.
Garner had gone below to join his wife. Leaving Robert and Edna on the bridge.
The seventeen year old nubile teen was so enthrall with piloting the yacht that
she didn't see Robert switch the radio to receive mode only and brake the
switch. Nor did she see him slip a magnetic strip on the compass. The strip
would cause the compass to deviate just enough to bring the yacht onto the
course for the rendezvous point instead of San Francisco.

   After the strip was in place Robert spoke soft and sweetly to Edna, "Excuse
me Miss Garner, but your no longer on course."

   Edna screwed her face in puzzlement as she looked down at the compass.
"That's odd I thought that I was. And call me Edna. Miss Garner reminds me of
the finishing school. I'm here to have fun on the high seas, not be bored to
death by school stuff. So it's Edna, Okay."

   "All right, Edna. Mine's Robert. Well Edna some time the current flowing
around these islands will make the vessel slip off course a bit. That's why
there should be someone at the helm at all times, instead of just setting the
course and leaving it on autopilot. So, don't you worry about being off a
little. All you need to do is turn the vessel until its back on course. But do
it very slowly. We don't want to toss mommy and daddy out of their love nest do
we?"

   Edna turned beet-red from embarrassment at the image of her parents doing the
thing in their stateroom. She very gently eased the vessel to what she thought
was the correct course for San Francisco instead of a course that lead the
Random Access, Edna and her parents to there doom.

   Robert sat on the chart table chair as he listened to Edna sing; Her voice
was rich and sweet. It reverberated around the yacht's bridge like an angle's as
Edna happily piloted her father's yacht through the blue waters of the Pacific
Ocean.

   "Sing on little song bird. Enjoy your last few hours of freedom. Sing your
last happy songs. For shortly you will be singing tones of agony." Robert
thought to himself with glee, as he stroked his long harden cock through his
pants.


CLOSE LOG ENTRY IV




   Log Entry Number 05:

   Refreshments
    

   "Ah! That was very nice Sweet Pea." Sighed Al. "Helm course, speed and
position?" he bellowed.

   "Thank you captain." squeaked the girl that was nuzzled between his legs. She
was still sucking on the massive cock that was stuffing her mouth.

   "Course zero-nine-eight degrees, speed ten knots, time to rendezvous point;
thirty minutes hour, mark." Replied Helm."

   Shit it time to get to work" Al muttered to himself. Sitting up in the
captain's chair, which nearly pulled his massive cock out of the mouth of the
little mix that, was sucking it. Now only the very tip of it was lodged her
mouth. She started to flick her tongue all around the bulbous head as she
continued to suck on his cock. Al reached over to the pad on the right armrest
in the chair and flicked the intercom on. "Hay Frank we're almost there. You
ready?" inquired Al.

   "Sure am! The boarding kit is sitting on the port side ready to go. All we
need is some refreshments for out guest." Al's brother responded.

   "OK Frank, I have Sweet Pea get some. Is fifteen good?"

   "Better make it twenty-five; there's three of them." Answered Frank. "Can you
see them yet?"

   "Stand-by-one" Al replied. Picking up the binoculars and scanning the sea in
front of him "Got her Frank eighteen degrees off the port bow and closing." Al
informed his brother. "That's eighteen we owe Helm, remind me later. OK!"

   "Will do big brother. All hands are at there mooring stations. Standing by
for mooring." Frank informed Al.

   "Roger-Willco. Will be doing a port to starboard mooring. Bridge out." Al
turned off the intercom then stood up, sending the young teenager between his
legs sprawling across the deck on her rump, barking orders." Helm; adjust course
eighteen degrees to port increase speed to fifteen knots. Sweet Pea; make entry
in the logbook. Helm eighteen degree error, then get dress."

   A double "Aye-Aye Captain." rang-out from both Helm and Sweet Pea as both
carried out their ordered tasked.

   As Helm turn the Scorpion towards the yacht she felt the rings imbedded in
her left pussy lip and left breast were being stretched to the left, while her
clit was being dragged towards the bridge's deck as she turned the helm wheel.
Once the bow of the Scorpion was set to the correct heading and she straighten
the wheel the pulling of her left breast; pussy lip and clit stop and the
tension relax. Helm let out a sigh of relief as the painful pulling of her body
parts stop. She stood there at the tug's bridge controls as the Scorpion bore
down on it's pray.

   Al stood behind Helm, the nude teenager that he, his brother's and crew (when
they were in the present of the three, Anderson brothers.) call the
eighteen-year old Mary Martin. Al totally enjoyed the way that Mary rigged up.
She was standing with her legs spread wide and shackled to the deck to keep them
that way. Each of her cunt lips, were pierce by a steel ring. Attached to the
rings was a cable system design so that whatever direction the Scorpion was turn
to the appropriate cunt lip was pulled. The clit also had a ring in it and was
rigged so whenever the vessel turned, changed speed or every fifteen minutes the
clit would be pulled straight down towards the deck. Her wrists were shackled to
the pilot wheel center post with just enough slack in the chains to operate the
wheel and throttle controls. The nipples of her youthful perky grapefruit size
breasts were also pierce with steel rings and were set up to be pulled in the
same manner as her cunt lips. Mary's long auburn hair had been braided into two
French braid ponytails that were pulled in a "V" so taunt that she had to
remaining standing on her toes.

   Al walked up behind Mary and without any preparation other then the drying
spittle of Sweet Pea; Al thrust his massive prick up Mary's poop-chute.

   Mary let out long agonizing scream as her breasts, cunt lips and clit were
stretched along with the burning of her stretched recital walls as Al's massive
prick rammed up her asshole.

   While Al was reaming Mary's asshole, Sweet Pea a young fourteen-year-old
teenager was putting on the only "clothes" that she was allowed to wear out and
about aboard the ship, excluding her stateroom. To anyone who saw her in it, it
appeared to be a tight fitting bikini that any beautiful young girl would wear
to the beach. But to the young teen that had to wear it was a suit of torture.
The suit, which was a full two sizes too small for her petite body was made from
very stretchable rubber. Fix to the crotch of the briefs were two massive metal
dildos and a plug with wires going to each dildo protruded through the very
center of the crotch strip. The entire inter surface of the briefs were lined
with hard pointy rubber knobs that were quarter of an inch long.

   The teen stepped into the inverted briefs and pulled them up her legs, she
stopped long enough to line up the two dildos with her vaginal and rectal
openings. Pushing the two dildos to their base, into her body the teen gasp and
whined. Despite having to wear the suit almost for two years now the cold metal
dildos still hurt whenever she inserted them.  Grasping the top of the inverted
briefs and wiggling her hips back and forth she pulled the tight fitting briefs
up, reinverting them, allowing the hard rubber knobs to press into her soft
delicate skin. Though the knobs did prick they didn't hurt, but she knew from
pass experience that in time they would. Between the constant pressure and her
movement the knobs would chew her nerves to bits.

   The halter-top had the same hard pointy rubber knobs that ran completely
around the inside of the top including the shoulder straps. The only difference
was the center of the breast cups. Instead of the hard rubber knobs being a
quarter of an inch, they were a half-inch long and made of steel. When the
teenager pulled the top on the half-inch knobs dug deeply into the nipples of
her budding breasts.

   Next she ratcheted a set of police style handcuffs around her left upper arm
just above the elbow joint. Then she placed a set of police style leg irons
tightly around her ankles. The short length of chain that connected the cuffs of
the leg iron together limited her leg movements to half steps. The final part of
her "clothes" was a collar that had a pouch attached to it.  The petite young
teenager fitted the collar snugly around her slender throat so that the pouch
hung down her back between her shoulder blades.

   Once Sweet Pea was "dressed" she walked to the captain's chair and opened the
armrest. Reaching into the armrest compartment the youthful teenager withdrew a
black rectangle box about the size of three VHS videotapes stacked together. The
box was adorned with several toggle switches and dials that ran down the box in
two columns. One column marked Twat Dong, and the other column marked Poop-Chute
Dong. The teenager flicked the switches marked vibration in each of the columns.
She took the wire that hung down the side of the box and inserted it into the
plug in the crotch of the briefs. She then flipped the switch marked power. The
dildos that were buried deep in her cunt and ass roared to life. While the twin
imitation phalluses tickled the sensitive lining of her two holes the teenager
put the box in the pouch hanging from her collar. She then took up a stance that
had her legs spread as wide, as the leg irons short chain would allow. Then
clasped her hands behind her head and starred out of the bridge window at the
pearly white yacht that the Scorpion was bearing down on. Waiting for her
Captain's next command as the two dildos purred inside her body.

   After firing his milky, gooey wad into Mary's taunt ass and pulling out his
still iron hard dong, Al turned and snapped. "Clean it!"

   Immediately the fourteen-year-old broke from her stance and raced over to Al.
Dropping to her knees in front of the large man. She flicked her tongue over
Al's massive cock. Licking the jism and shit that was clinging to the prick,
off. As Sweet Pea was giving Al's prick a spit shine. He drew the young teen's
elbows behind her back. He then ratcheted the dangling handcuff tightly around
the right upper arm just above the elbow. This effectively secured Sweet Pea's
arms behind her back, with her elbows drawn together so that they were
practically touching, This resultant in her hands being free, but with very
limited movement to do various tasks.

   Though Al's prick was clean Sweet Pea continue to lick his cock and balls
until Al barked, "Stand!"  Al took the box from the pouch that hung from Sweet
Pea's collar as she stood in front of him. Flipping the switch marked vibration
to off, then flipping the switch marked shock to on and adjusting a dial marked
Voltage Level to low, in the Twat Dong column. The artificial prick that was
stuffing Sweet Pea's pussy stopped its vibration and started to send an
electrical current into the stretched cuntal tissue. At the low level the
electricity that flowed from the metal prick to her body caused Sweet Pea's cunt
muscles to quiver, thus stimulating the nerves to the point that a flood of
pussy juices flowed from her stuffed fuck tunnel. "Get twenty-five gallons of
cocktail and deliver them to Frank. And Sweet Pea! Make sure there are no lumps
in the cocktail this time. If there is your heinie will be tanned. Understand?"

   In a loud and clear voice the fourteen-year-old teenager answered "Aye-aye,
Captain!  Deliver twenty-five gallons of refreshment to Frank. No lumps in the
refreshment or my ass will be beaten."

   "Good! Now carry out your order! And make sure you follow the proper
procedures. I'll be watching on the security system!" Al remarked as he directed
her attention to a monitor with his thumb.

   Before Sweet Pea was half way down the ladder leading from the bridge she had
the first of many orgasm that was teased from her by the electricity that surge
through her pussy. Orgasm after orgasm would be tantalized from her as the
current continued to tickle her nerves. At the end of two hours when the power
pack in the box would run down she would replace it with a fresh one that were
scattered throughout the ship. Sweet Pea would replace the pack every two hours
or whenever needed for as long as she wore the "clothes".  By time she reached
the stern of the ship Sweet Pea had three more orgasms. Opening the locker that
held the collapsible gallon containers for the cocktail, she removed one of them
then undogged and opened the hatch next to the locker. Screwing her face in
disgust as the nauseating odor assaulted her nose.

   **********

   Linda squinted and blinked raptly as the bright morning rays of the sun
streamed through the open hatch above her, shattering the total blackness of the
tank that she was sitting in. Linda was totally nude with her hands tightly
shackled behind her at the wrists and elbows. She was sitting in a slouching
manner with her knees pulled up to her chest due to the limited overhead room
and dimensions of the tank. And sitting in liquid that came up to her waist
prevented her from lying down.

   The liquid that she was sitting in was a mixture of piss and shit from the
ship's complement that flowed into the tank through out the day. Linda's body
was adorned with nearly two-dozen blood-sucking leaches. The four that bother
her the most was the one that latched itself to her left nipple, two that had
crawled up her cunt that were riveted to her cuntal walls, and one that had
planted itself to her ass sphincter.

   Still squinting from the bright sunlight Linda looked up at the silhouette
above her. Hoping it was someone bring her something to eat and drink. She
didn't know how long it had been sense her last feeding, but the gnawing in her
stomach told her it had been a while. She would greedily devour the cup and half
of dry dog food and sixteen ounces of dirty soapy tasting dishwater that was her
normal meal offering. "Food please!" Linda asked the dark outline above her.

   Through heavy sobs the fourteen-year-old teenager responded to the inquiry
from the pitiful female sitting in the tank of piss and shit. "I'm sorry, but no
mommy! It's me."

   Reflecting to herself Linda groaned, "O-God! Dear God it's my daughter,
Elizabeth. They only send her for one reason, and one reason only."  Linda's
suspicion was confirmed as an empty gallon container was lowered down into the
tank to dangle in front of her. As she herd her sobbing daughter speaking to
her.

   "Mommy, you need to fill twenty-five containers with the yummy cocktail your
wallowing in and no lumps. Please mommy, make sure that there's no lumps. If
there are any daddy will beat my fanny."

   As soon as the word "fanny" pass through her daughter's lips four floodlights
bathed the tank that Linda was sitting in with bright light. Knowing that her
husband was now watching her on a monitor. Linda brace for what she knew what
would be coming next. And like clockwork the muck that she was in was charged
with enough electricity to make Linda flop around like a fish out of water, as
agonizing pain ripped through her for a full sixty seconds then cutting off.

   Laying down on her back in the muck panting heavily she begin slid back and
forth along the tank's bottom to mix up the piss and shit. Letting her head
slide under the muck, she opened her mouth and letting the stirred muck fill her
mouth. Once filled Linda closed her mouth and sat back up. Running her tongue
through the muck in her mouth to make sure that there were no limps in the
mixture.

   Leaning over the empty gallon container she spit the contents of her mouth
into the container. Linda repeated the sequence over and over until the
container was full. Once the container was full she grasped the line that the
container was hanging from in her teeth and yanked the line twice.  Then the
full container was then lifted out of the tank and an empty one was lowered to
replace the full one. Linda filled container after container using the same
method that that she used on the first container.

   Linda went through these steps as fast as she could manage, knowing that if
her pace was too slow or if she stop, her husband would reflip the switch and
charge the tank with another dose of electricity but of a longer duration. For
nearly two years now this routine had been repeatedly done to her. And it always
started with her daughter lowering a container down into the tank for her to
fill with her mouth. The humiliating and debasing act of sloshing around and
sucking mouthful after mouthful of piss and shit muck, was the only contact she
ever got to have with her daughter.

   ********

   Two years! Just two years ago she was a happily married woman with a normal
little family. Or at less she thought it was normal until she came home early
one day from working at the supermarket and herd her daughter screaming. Racing
up the stairs then bursting into her daughter's room Linda was totally
devastated by the scene that played out before her eyes.

   Standing in the doorway Linda eyes were riveted on two nude bodies that were
on the pink frills canopy bed. The first nude form was of her twelve-year-old
daughter Elizabeth, who was kneeling on her bed with her chest resting on the
mattress and her derriere sticking straight up in the air, screaming. The second
nude form was of her husband, Albert. Albert was kneeling behind Elizabeth's
upturned rump, with his massive male organ sliding in and out of Elizabeth's
rectum. Gasping at the sight of her husband sodomizing his own daughter. Linda
charged towards the two nude forms on the bed in a blind rage bellowing "ALBERT
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?"

   With her vision tunneled on her husband's incestuous act with their daughter
Linda failed to see two other nude forms that were also in the room. As Linda
charged towards the bed her attention was drawn towards the two nudes, as they
grabbed her wrist and wrenched her arms behind her back forcing her to her
knees. Howling from the pain shooting through her shoulders, as they were bent
and twisted in a totally unnatural "V" position behind her back. Linda glanced
at the two nude forms of her brother in-laws tightly holding her wrist.

   Linda stopped her screaming and let out a puff of air, when the elder of
Albert's two younger brothers, Frank slammed his foot into her gut. Followed by
a savage slap across the face from Robert the youngest of the three Anderson
boys.  Then Frank slapped Linda viscously and Robert kicked her in the gut.
Frank and Robert, continue to alternate between slapping her face and kicking
her gut while Albert reamed his daughter's asshole.

   Linda was hanging limply by her twisted arms as Albert shot his gooey wad
into his daughter's poop-chute. Climbing off the bed he walked over to his wife,
his still ridged prick swing to and fro like a baseball bat. Grasping Linda by
the throat he lifted her off the floor while Frank and Robert continue to hold
her wrist. With her feet dangling above the floor Albert slammed his fisted free
hand into her gut while seething. "What the FUCK are you doing home, BITCH!  You
are suppose to be working, you worthless SLUT!"  He slammed his fist into her
gut three more times, and then the three brothers release their grips on her. 

   Linda crumpled to the floor gasping for breath as Albert went back over to
the bed and sat on it. "Suck it, Sweet Pea!"  Albert barked.

   Elizabeth slithered down to the floor on her knees, between her father's
legs. She jacked her mouth wide open and lowered it over her father's cock.
Wrapping her lips around the stock and started to suck and lick on the huge shit
and jism covered cock that was jutting from her father's groin. 

   As his daughter's head bobbed up and down on his fuck rod he looked over at
his brothers who were standing over his wife. With an angry scow on his face
Albert roared.  "She's yours!" 

   Grinning lewdly down at Linda as she laid on the floor gasping and squirming,
Frank and Robert were grasping their crotches with one hand while swing leather
belts with the other. Both of them had been waiting for this day for a long,
long time and they were going to enjoy it immensely now that Albert had given
them the green light. In unison Frank and Robert barked "On your feet BITCH!" 

   With a shock look on her face, Linda wide fear filled eyes darted between her
husband and her two brother in-laws. Suddenly Linda started howling, as her
flesh felt as if it had caught on fire.

   Frank and Robert paused there slashing of Linda, while Frank barked. "We told
you to get to your feet bitch! If you want to taste some more leather, you just
lay there and we'll oblige you. Otherwise get to your fucking feet!  And get to
them now BITCH!"

   As Linda scrambled to her feet to stand trembling from fear before the four
nude family members, Albert grabbed Elizabeth's hair. With a loud, wet sounding
pop Albert yank his daughters bobbing head off his prick. Hurling Elizabeth
towards her dresser he snapped. "Let's hear some music. The get back to work,
Sweet Pea."

   After crashing into her dresser Elizabeth scrambled to her feet. Placing the
CD that contained the music that her father and uncles like her to strip to in
to her stereo and started it playing. With the fast pace music flowing from the
stereo speakers, Elizabeth dropped to her hands and knees, and then quickly
crawled back between her father's legs. She planted her lips back over her
father's prick to continue her blowjob.

   As he felt his daughter reapplied the suction and tongue action on his cock.
Albert barked "Linda! Perform a strip show for us. Make sure you shake them
tittys and ass."

   Stammering Linda replied "But Alb. . . Owww Aaarrrggg! O-God please, stop!
Please!"

   Frank and Robert's belts once again scorched her body, as Robert barked
"Albert told you to strip, BITCH!"

   "So start dancing, bitch! And quit that blubbering!"  Frank finished.

   Choking back her tears Linda gyrated, her hips to the music and slowly
unbuttoned her blouse. As button after button was undone more and more of her
milky mounds peaked out from behind her blouse. When the last blouse button was
undone Linda grabbed the bottom corners of the unbuttoned blouse and snapped the
blouse open reviling the pale blue cups of her brassiere pushing her tit flesh
up and her flat creamy stomach. Next came the skirt. Reaching behind her, Linda
undid the single button on the skirt and slid the zipper down. With her hips
gyrating, the loose material slid over her hips reveling, a matching pair of
pale blue panties. Once the skirt cleared her hips it drop down to the floor to
bunch up around her feet. Linda, stood there gyrating, her hips and shaking her
breasts "Aaagggrrr!" Linda yelped as Frank lashed her creamy stomach with his
belt.

   "Titties! Let's see them titties BITCH!"  Frank barked.

   Linda reached behind her and undid the clasp of her brassier. Leaning
slightly forward while shacking, her shoulders Linda allowed the brassier to
slide off and drop to the floor. Her long pointy nipples danced around as she
shook her tit flesh in front of her leering family members. "Aaarrrggg Owwww.
Please don't! Please don't hit me there!" Linda wailed.

   Frank and Robert lashed their belts across her bouncing and swaying breasts.
Each of them slashed one of her breasts five times in rapid succession.
"PANTIES!" Frank barked.

   Linda hooked her thumbs into the waistband of the panties and slowly peeled
them down over her jutting, jiggling ass cheeks. As she peeled her panties off
Linda's thick red cunt bush was slowly exposed. Bending over with her breasts
swaying madly about Linda continue to push her panties down her shapely legs.
Once the panties were clear of her meaty thighs she let them drop to the floor
around her ankles.

   Linda started to straighten up, but stop cold when her husband snapped, "Stay
bent over and show us that little ass star."

   Staying bent over Linda continue to shake her tit flesh and gyrate her hips,
as she slowly turned until her creamy ass was jutting towards the three
brothers. Each of the meaty globes quivering as if they were bowls of Jell-O.
Linda slid her fingers into the dark crevice that separated her ass cheeks and
pulled the globes apart. Her asshole winked lewdly out at the small audience.
Linda gasped and winced with pain as Frank in one swift motion grasped her hips.
With his burly hands digging his fingernails into her soft skin, he drilled all
eight inches of his thick cock up her poop-chute. Her husband and several
boyfriends that she went out with before marrying Albert had fuck Linda in her
ass many times before. But she had always been prepped for them and some type of
lubricant was always used. Frank's penetration was sudden and absolutely no form
of lubrication was used. As Frank's cock bunged her ass his dry cock scraped the
tender lining of her anal canal causing it to bleed thus producing some
lubrication.

   Once Frank was in and gotten several deep thrusts into her rump, Robert
grabbed a hand full of hair on each side of Linda's head and yanked her head up.
As Linda open her mouth to scream Robert thrust the eleven inches of his
corkscrew shape, thin cock into her mouth and down her throat.

   Almost together, all three Anderson brothers that were having there fuck rods
service, exploded. Gooey jism fill two mouths, and one ass. After Frank and
Robert withdrew there rods from Linda's holes, then they begin to lash her with
their belts until Linda collapsed to the floor screaming and writhing. As she
lay on the floor in a fetal position Robert barked, "Slither like the snake that
you over to the bed!"

   Linda stretched out on her belly and stretched her hands over her head.
Clawing her fingers into the carpet, while wishing it was the face of her
husband or one of the faces of her brother in-laws, Linda begin to drag herself
across the carpeted floor towards her daughter's bed, by her hands. Linda had
drag herself almost three feet when the two younger Anderson, brothers' belts,
lashed her rump and back.

   "Slither, bitch! You're not slithering! You're crawling; BITCH! My little
brother told you to slither. Place your hands at the small of your back, just
above your ass. Slither over to that bed, keeping them boobies plastered to the
floor."  Bellowed Frank.

     Linda grasped her hands behind her back and wiggled her torso to and fro
like a snake would towards the bed. As she slowly move forward Robert left the
room, her daughter got up from between her fathers legs and scampered to the
bathroom, while Frank followed her.

   "Faster bitch!"  Frank bellowed as he lashed Linda's ass.

   Linda could feel her breasts and stomach heat up as she speeded up her
slithering and with it the friction. It was less then five yards from where she
was double fucked to her daughter's bed, but it seamed five miles, to the
slithering Linda. When Linda reached her daughter's bed Albert kicked her in the
head.

   "On your back, hands on the floor near the sides your head and spread your
legs wide!"  Barked Albert.

   Linda groaned as she rolled on her back with her hands, position next to her
head with her legs spread wide. Her breasts and stomach were a bright red from
the abrasion they took as she slithered across the rug on her way to the bed.
Also her body burned from the blows of the belts that rained over her body
leaving behind angry purple welts. While she was laying on her back trying to
sort the various pains out in her mind she saw Robert come back in the room with
a large footlocker and place on the floor by the door. Robert walked over to her
and stood next to Frank by her feet. Linda trembled to the core as she watched
the three men leering at her as they descended down atop of her. Frank and
Robert knelt on her legs. Pining them, in there, wide spread position. While
Albert, knelt on her palms and lifted her head up off the floor by her hair.

   "Watch this, you'll love it, bitch!" seethed Albert.

   Linda's eyes bulged and she started to scream and thrash about as Frank and
Robert struck her vagina and Venus mound viciously with their belts. Linda tried
to buck the three men off of her but she lacked the strength to free herself.
All she could do was to howl and thrashed as she watched her brother in-laws lay
blow after blow across her pussy and pubic mound. After Frank and Robert landed
ten blows each to her crotch area, they stop whipping her.

   "PUSSY!" Albert roared.

   Confused by her husband's single word that he bellowed, Linda lay sobbing as
searing pain roared through her throbbing pussy and pubic mound.

   "But daddy it well bur..." Linda heard her daughter quivering voice start to
say.  Elizabeth's statement was cut short by a loud smack of leather striking
flesh, followed by a yelp from her daughter.

   "Do it now or your little twat will be next!" Snapped Albert.

   Through blurry tear filled eyes Linda saw her daughter kneel between her legs
and tip a small bottle over. A cool pink color blob oozed from the bottle to
plop onto Linda's scorching pussy mound. Linda let out a long deep sigh of
relief as Elizabeth's small delicate fingers gently spread the pink goop. Linda
felt the coolness of the goop eased some of the intense throbbing in her pussy
mound and pussy. Linda tried to place the familiar odor that the goop was giving
off as the soothing goop was spread across her battered pussy mound and pussy
even between the lip and up into the pussy..

   Just as the chemical reaction of the pink goop reacted with the abrasions on
her pussy, pussy mound and the mucous membrane lining the inside of her pussy,
Linda's mind locked down what the goop was. Nair! The pink goop was Nair. Linda
bucked, howled and screeched as the Nair begin to burn her tenderized groin
flesh. "Take it off! O-Dear God, take it off!  Albert, please it's burning me! 
Please take it off!  Please!"  Linda screeched at the top of her lungs. But the
only response that Linda got was the cruel sadistic laughter from the Anderson
brothers and heavy sobbing from her daughter.

   Albert released his hold on Linda's hair, trapping her wrist beneath his
feet, then sat on the bed. Above Linda's screaming Albert bellowed. "Sweet Pea!
Plant your twat on mommies face!"

   Elizabeth scrambled across her mother's prone body and planted her pussy over
her mother's mouth and nose. Not only did Elizabeth's action effetely muffle her
mother's screaming but after a few monuments it also reduced Linda's thrashing.

   As the air in her lungs depleted the oxygen supply, Linda pushed the burning
pain in and around her pussy to the back of her mind. Instead her mind commanded
her to lie still to conserve the remaining oxygen in her lungs. Then Linda's
mind placed a priority command to expel the stale air in her lungs with fresh
air. Linda, whiff a strong mixture of jism and pussy juice odor, as she fought
to exchange the air in her lungs. The rushing expel air caused Elizabeth's pussy
lips to quiver which generated a rude fart like noise to be produce and a wet
slurping sound was created as Linda sucked in musty replacement air.

   Stroking the tiny just budding nipples of his daughter, Albert spoke softly
to her. "Sweet Pea, what did I say would happen if your mother or anyone else
ever found out about your play time with me and your uncles?"

   Elizabeth responded in a meek voice. "But daddy I didn't tell her anything.
She just came home on her own and caught us. Honest daddy I didn't say a thing
to mommy.

   Albert slapped his daughter across the face so hard that the young girl was
nearly knocked off of her mother's face by the blow. "That's not what I asked
you, Sweet Pea!" Albert roared.

   Sobbing and stuttering, Elizabeth gave her father the answer that he wanted.
"You said that if mommy or anyone else ever found out about "Play Time" that
mommy or whoever found out and me would become members of Helen's Toybox.

   Using soft tones Albert said. "That's right Sweet Pea, and what one thing
that all of the toys wear?"

   Meekly Elizabeth responded. "The collar daddy."

   "Then get up and go to Uncle Robert's footlocker and place one snugly around
your dainty neck then place one around mommies."

   Linda sucked in cool refreshing air filling her lung as her daughter got up
off her face. Linda watched Elizabeth headed for the footlocker that Robert had
brought into the room and placed on the floor by the door. She continued to
watch as her daughter open the box and take out a thick black leather collar
with four D-Rings attached to the collar. The inner surface of the collar had
numerous small metal spikes lining it. Elizabeth placed the collar around her
neck then snapped a padlock closed thus securing the collar in place. Linda
shivered as her daughter place and secured a similar collar very tightly around
her neck.

   "Get Uncle Robert the control box, Sweet Pea." Albert told his daughter.

   Elizabeth scampered back over to the footlocker and took out a long black
box, then scampered over to her Uncle Robert and handed him the box.

   "Sweet Pea, go to the linen closet and get mommies good bed spread. Bring it
back here.  Lay it out on the floor next to Uncle Robert's footlocker and
transfer the footlocker contents to the spread."  Albert snapped. Leaning over
Linda's face Al let drool and spittle escape from his mouth to splatter on her
face as he spoke to her. "Linda, dear!  What are you doing home, instead of
working?"

   Gasping Linda responded to her husband's inquires. "Elizabeth been so
depressed for the last few weeks, so I came home to take her out for dinner, a
move and some girl talk to try to cheer her up."

   "Are you telling me that Sweet Pea has been moping around the entire time
I've been gone?"  Roared Albert.

   "Yes." Linda said nervously.

   As Elizabeth returned to the room and started to lie out the bed spread on
the floor, jump with fright as her father yelled at her.

   "Sweet Pea, get over here pronto!" Al snapped.

   Elizabeth scrambled to her feet and race over to her father. "Yes daddy" she
blurted.

   "Your mommy tells me that you've been moping around during my absent! Is that
true?" Albert asked his daughter angrily.

   With her eyes darting between her father's and mother's faces Elizabeth
nervously responded "Yes daddy I have been moping, but dadd. . ." Elizabeth
howled as the blow from Albert's open hand across her face sent her flying
across the room and landing with a thud next to her dresser.

   "What was the last thing I told you to do just before I left?"  Albert
snapped.

   "Sobbing as she rubbed her stinging cheek with her hand Elizabeth recited the
command her father gave to her before he left. "I am to behave, be polite,
always remain in good cheer and in high spirits, keep my school grades up,
slowly and without raising suspicion ceases all contact with my friends and
don't let mother get suspicious of my behavior."

   "Do you call moping around enough to make your mother take off in the middle
of the day from work to you cheered up, falls under being in good cheer and in
high spirits?  Or does it cover averting your mother's suspicions?  Does it
Sweet Pea?"

   "No daddy it doesn't. But daddy I. . ."

   "Shut the fuck up! Present your ass to Uncle Frank!  Ask for ten and count
them!"  Albert barked.

   Elizabeth scampered over to her Uncle Frank on her hands and knees. Sticking
her ass up high and her chest on the floor. Then ask in a loud and crisp voice.
"Uncle Frank I have been a very bad little girl. I need you to spank my tushie
very hard with your belt ten times. That's five times on each cheek please." 

   "Yes I will Sweet Pea, but if you start crying you'll get twenty instead." 
Frank begin spanking his niece starting with the left ass cheek.

   Whack! "One! Thank you Uncle Frank may I have another!" Whack! "Two! Thank
you Uncle Frank may I have another!" Whack! "Three! Thank you Uncle Frank may I
have another!"

   Linda cringed, as Frank's belt smacked against her daughter's rump echoing
through the room, which was followed by Elizabeth's singing off each stroke and
asking for the next stroke.

   Whack!  With a cracked and quivering voice that was filled with torment
Elizabeth sang out "Ten! Thank you Uncle Frank may I have another!"

   "Not now Sweet Pea."  Frank giggled.

   Elizabeth got up off her knees and pranced around the room, thrusting her
rump directly in to the face of each person in the room including her mothers
while singing loudly. "See my tushie. See my tushie, my bright red tushie. See
how it glows. See how it glows, all nice and bright. I love the way it glows, my
bright red tushie. I got my bright red tushie from a sweet, sweet whipping. A
whipping for being a very bad girl. And if I'm bad before I sleep, I wish I may,
I wish I might get a bright red pussy." Elizabeth then laid on her back with her
legs spread wide and her hips, thrust up presenting her pussy.

   "Get back to work, Sweet Pea."  Albert snapped.

   Elizabeth rolled over to her knees and scampered over to the bed spread on
the floor. She then started to take the contents of the box out and place them
on the bedspread. Her mother watched her with wide-eye bewilderment as dildos,
restraints, clips, rope, whips, paddles and other items that were design for
bondage and inflecting pain.

   After Elizabeth place the last item from the box on the bed spread she spread
her knees wide, rose up on her knees with her back straight and her hands clasp
behind her head, facing her father.

   "Sweet Pea, come over hear and sit on mommies tummy, and bring a bag of
rubberbands." Albert commanded.

   Elizabeth grabbed a bag of rubberbands and scampered on her hands and knees
over to her mother. Straddling then plopping down on her mother's smooth flat
stomach.

   "Ten on each, and let them snap, Sweet Pea!" barked Albert

   With tear filled eyes and shaking hands Elizabeth open the bag of rubberbands
and took one out. Stretching the rubberband she slipped it over her mother's
forty-inch double "D" left breast. Once the rubberband was around the base of
the breast, Elizabeth let the go of it.

   Linda gasped as the rubberband snapped around the base of her magnificent,
firm left breast. She gasped again when her daughter snapped another rubberband
around her right breast. Elizabeth alternated between her mother's left and
right breast adding more rubberbands to them. Linda watch in amazement as her
breasts became rounder and the skin became, taunt. As Elizabeth snapped the
twentieth rubberband around Linda right breast she sat straight up on her
mother's stomach with her hands clasped behind her head. Linda's chest now
supported two bowling ball size globes that wobbled with every breath she took.
Linda watch her creamy white breasts turn to a rosy pink as the rubberbands
restricted the blood flow through them.

   Frank and Robert stood up and sat on the bed thus releasing Linda's legs. As
Albert once again let drool and spittle fly into Linda's face as he spoke to
her. "Listen up dear!  The collars that you and Sweet Pea are wearing are
punishment and control collars. The box that Robert is holding is the control
unit. It has five settings on it. The first setting is off, witch the collars
are normally kept at. The second is a mild tingle to get your attention the
third is a light punishment, the forth is heavy punishment and the last is a
severe punishment." Albert moved his feet and released Linda's pinned arms as he
spoke to his youngest brother. "Robert a demonstration please."

   Robert pushed the third button. Both Linda and Elizabeth thrashed and rolled
across the floor, as their bodies were zap with bolt after bolt of electricity
surge from the collars around their necks. After ten seconds Robert release the
button. As both females gasped for breath Albert continue talking to his wife in
a stern voice.

   "That my dear was a treat of the lowest pain setting. As you can see the
control box activates all of the collars at once. So if one is punished with the
collar, all are punished at the same time. Now that you understand how the
collar works lets see if you have learn how to obey orders. First off at no time
are you to touch, wipe off or clean the Nair off your nasty twat. Secondly do
not touch, reposition or remove the rubberbands around your boobies. Now crawl
over to the foot locker by the door and kneel in it."

   As Linda knelt in the footlocker Albert drew her arms behind her back. Albert
then had Elizabeth place a set of handcuffs around Linda's wrist. As her husband
held her elbows together Elizabeth place set of handcuffs on Linda's upper arms
just above the elbows. Linda's arms were pined behind her back with the elbows
nearly touching. Next Albert ordered Elizabeth to place shackles around her
mother's ankles. Elizabeth looped the ankle shackle chain over the handcuffs'
chain, and locked the shackles to the ankles.

   "Sweet Pea, Nair mommies head hair."

   As Linda knelt in the footlocker Elizabeth coated her mother's long wavy red
hair with Nair then briskly rubbed it in.

   Linda, squeeze yourself into the footlocker. Sweet Pea after your mommy is in
the footlocker close and latch the top then padlock it."

   Squeeze was the right word as Linda folded her five foot four inch frame into
a fetal position so that it could fit into the three-foot by two-foot
footlocker. Elizabeth had trouble closing the lid of the footlocker to latch it
until Robert sat on the lid causing Linda's shoulders to arch closer together.
Then Elizabeth was able to latch the top down and place padlocks through the
three hasps. From inside the footlocker Linda heard the muffle voice of her
husband speaking to her daughter.

   "Sweet Pea tie the spread in to a bungled then put on a looses fitting dress;
just the dress nothing underneath.

   Linda felt the footlocker she was locked in being picked up and carried down
the steps. Half way down the stairs at a small landing the footlocker was sat
down.

   "Have a nice trip!" Both Albert and Frank roared with mirth in their voices.

   Linda thought that she was going to die as the footlocker pushed over the
landing step and allowed it to tumble down the stairs, coming to a sudden halt
as it landed with a heavy thud at the bottom of the stairs. Barely conscious and
her nose seeping blood Linda felt the footlocker being picked up once again. The
footlocker was carried out of the back door and across the yard. It thrown in to
the back of the motor launch that was moored behind the house that the
Anderson's used to shuttle between the house on Molokai and a small out of the
way island that the Anderson's used as a base for the Scorpion.

   Once the footlocker was transferred to the Scorpion it was open and Linda was
unceremoniously dumped on to the deck.

   "On your knees BITCH!" Roared Albert as he kicked her in the ass.

   Linda struggled up on her knees in the center of a very gaudy decoration
room. She was kneeling on a thick plush purple rug. The walls were covered with
lilac color wallpaper that had several full-length mirrors hanging from them. On
the ceiling was a huge mirror that was over the king size, four-post bed. The
bed was made up with fine silk sheets, and plush, goose down satin spread.

    "Sweet Pea, remove mommies ankle cuffs then take care of her hair." Snapped
Albert.

   After releasing her mother's ankles Elizabeth grab two large fists full of
Linda's long silky red hair and pulled it. The Nair had done its job, as
Elizabeth pulled on Linda's hair it separated with ease from her scalp.
Elizabeth stood there with two handfuls of her mother's hair. She threw the two
handfuls of her mother's hair into the trash then grabbed two more hands full as
her father spoke.

   "Linda, this is your new home. Any time anybody enters this compartment, you
are to get up on the bed upon your knees with them spread wide. Then you are to
push your face into the mattress. You are to remain in that position and make
yourself available for any sexual desire bestow upon you."

   Elizabeth finished removing all of her mother's head hair and started to
remove her pussy hair, as her father continue to speak.

   "Sweet Pea will keep your head and snatch bald. If you behave you may be
allowed to grow your head hair back. But that twat will remain forever bald. Are
you finished Sweet Pea?"

   "Yes daddy I'm finished removing mommy's hair."

   "Very good. Later come back and remove mommy's eyebrows. You are to keep her
hairless at all times. Understand Sweet Pea?"

   "Yes daddy."

   "All right Linda up on the bed and assume your position."

   With blinding rage Linda screamed, "I would rather live in a shit hole then
spend a single second in this whore pin of yours. Nor will I allow you or your
filthy brothers to touch my daughter or me. So release me and Elizabeth now
thing may..."

   "Do you really mean that Linda? You would rather live in a shit hole then
here in luxury?"

   "Yes you sick bastard! You and your equally sick brothers are going to rot in
prison if you don't let me and Elizabeth out of the room right now!" screamed
Linda. 

   "Sweet Pea, do you agree with mommy here? Would you rather live in a shit
hole, or live here in this room?" Albert asked in a tone of concern.

   "I don't care what she wants! I'm not leaving my daughter here with you sick
son of bitches! Let the both of us out of here NOW!" Screamed Linda with pure
rage.

   "Well Sweet Pea what will it be? Me or mommy?"

   "I want to stay here with you daddy."

   "Very well! Frank, Bobby if you please."

   Linda fell flat on her face as her brother-in-laws grabbed her ankles and
jerked them up. As Linda gasped for breath Frank asked, "Where to Al? The
Toybox?"

   "Na! We are going to do what the old ball and chain ask for. Follow me!"
Albert chirped as he placed his arm around his daughter's shoulders.

   Frank and Robert looked at each other quizzically as they followed their
brother and niece. They dragged their sister-in-law on her stomach by her feet.
Linda screamed in pain as she bounced down the ladder on her breasts. She howled
as she was dragged across the non-skid deck towards the stern of the Scorpion.

   When the family reached the stern Robert asked, "Are we going to throw her
overboard? Want me to get some weights to attach to her?"

   "No Bobby were not throwing her over board. (Linda let out a deep sigh of
relieve when, she heard her husband.) We are going to do just what she
requested." Chuckled Albert as he squatted down and popped opened the Scorpion's
sewage tank hatch.

   Wide grins spread across Al's brothers, faces. They lifted Linda up off the
deck by her feet and dropped her into the sewage tank. Linda landed with a
thudding splash into raw sewage.

   There you are honey buns the SHIT HOLE you asked for!" The three brothers
roared with laughter as Al slammed the sewage tank hatch closed and dogged it.

   Yes that had just been two years ago. Both her head and pussy hair had grown
back and the rubberbands that had made her breast balloon out had long sense
rotted away. Only the rusty handcuffs that trapped her arms behind her back
remain from her original bondage. Even the leather collar that would shock her
every now and then, ranging from a mild tickle to a heavy mind blowing shock had
rotted away. The lock and other metal parts laid somewhere on the bottom of the
tank.

   Linda's entire life revolved around filling containers with piss and shit
that her daughter lowered to her. Her only companionship was the blood sucking
leaches that shared her home with her.

   **********

   When Elizabeth felt the line jerked twice she pulled up the first container
that was now filled with piss and shit solution. Elizabeth then lowered the
second container down into the tank. After capping the first container she
licked the sides and bottom of the container to remove any over flow. Then
Elizabeth got to her feet and delivered the first container to her Uncle Frank
on the port side of the ship. Elizabeth could have easily carried more then one
container at a time, but her uncle enjoyed causing the hard rubber nubs to dig
into her skin as she moved about. Once the first container was delivered
Elizabeth returned to her kneeling position next to the tank that her mother
lived in. Elizabeth shivered as she looked down into the tank she saw her mother
sloshing around as she filled the second container. Her mother once beautiful,
voluptuous body was covered with so many sores that it made a leper look
gorgeous. Elizabeth did not think her mother would last very much longer if she
didn't get some type of treatment, and get it soon. Though it would mean severe
punishment she would ask her father to show her mother some mercy. One of the
sex toys was a doctor. Maybe she could get her father to let her mother out of
the tank so that the doctor could treat her mother sores. She doubted it but she
had to try. After all it was her fault that her mother was in the tank. If only
she stayed cheerful instead of moping around. Her mother would not have come
home and walked in on her "Play Time" with her father and uncles. Yes, it was
her fault. So the less she could do was take a little punishment and ask her
father to show her mother some mercy.

   The tugging on the line brought Elizabeth attention back to the job at hand.
She lifted the second container and lowered the third and then capping, cleaning
and then delivering the second container to her uncle. The cycle repeated itself
until all twenty-five containers were filled.

   As her daughter lifted the last container up the four lights that flooded the
tank went out plunging the tank back into semi-darkness. Only the sunlight
streaming into the tank from the open hatch above her illuminated the tank.

   Looking up at the silhouette of her daughter she heard her daughter say "I'm
sorry mommy" then the hatch above her closed living Linda sitting in piss and
shit in total darkness. Knowing it would be some time before she would get any
food. She didn't know what the piss and shit was used fore but every time she
filled the containers it would be a very long time before she would see another
face, much less food.

   Elizabeth cried as she dogged the hatch down and delivered the last container
to her Uncle Frank. As Elizabeth place the last container on the deck she knelt
in front of her uncle with her knees spread wide and her hands clasped behind
her back. "I'm finish filling the refreshment containers Uncle Frank what should
I do now?" Elizabeth asked her uncle.

   "Who's up for milkmaid duty?"

   "Doctor Graham. . . Aaarrrggg!" Elizabeth screamed and crumpled to the deck,
as her uncle smashed a foot into her gut.

   "Who?" He roared.

   "Quack Bitch is next up, for milkmaid duty, Uncle Frank." Elizabeth gasped.

   "Then get off your lazy ass and set her up." Frank growled.

   Elizabeth headed for the galley as her pussy squirted juices as the dildo
buried deep in her cunt tickled yet another orgasm from her pussy. In the galley
Elizabeth took out two jugs that held a gallon each of very cold goats milk. She
placed them in a cart and uncapped them. She placed a suction tube into each
jug; the suction tubes ran to two little pumps, then to two discharge tubes that
had hypodermic needles attached to them. The hypodermic needles were soaking in
a jar filled with cotton and alcohol. Elizabeth then rolled the cart to a large
reefer that had two-inch high lettering stenciled on it in blood red. Elizabeth
shuddered and sighed deeply as she looked at the stencil that read: "HELEN'S
TOYBOX"

CLOSE LOG ENTRY V




   Log Entry Number 06:

   The Toybox

   Opening the door to the reefer Elizabeth gazed at the contents of the reefer.
From the overhead hung ten electric hoists in two rows, three feet from the wall
of the reefer. Numbers one through ten were painted on them and on the floor of
the reefer just beneath each hoist and twelve eye-bolts that were spaced four
feet apart were imbedded in the reefers deck under the hoists six eye-bolts were
in each row.

   From six of the hoists were six large breasted females that were hanging by
their wide spread legs by a spreader bar that was attached to the hoist hook.
Their wrists were tightly secured in medal cuffs that were secured to the
eyebolts in the deck. The females were stretched very tautly spread-eagle style.
They were arranged in two rows facing each other.  The only thing that the
suspended females wore was the leather discipline and training collar that
fitted snugly around each delicate neck. Each of the spread-eagle females had a
catheter tube that was inserted into their urethras that went to a one-way check
valve then to a double balloon enema tube that was fished deep into their
bowels. Another tube came out of the enema tube and was fitted to a pipe that
discharged straight into Linda's lightless home.

   Whenever any of the suspended, inverted and spread-eagle females piss, the
urine would flow through the catheter to pour deep in to the bowels. The urine
enema would loosen and turn any fecal matter to slush. When the slush was
expelled by bowel movements a piss and shit solution was propelled into the
pipe. Gravity pulled the piss and shit solution to Linda' pitch black home where
Linda could waddle in the piss and shit before taking it in her mouth to fill
her daughter's plastic containers. 

   There was dead silence in the reefer broken only by a loud squeak as
Elizabeth rolled the cart between the two rows of suspended girls in the cool
reefer. The reefer was keep at a constant fifty-five degrees, which caused the
six nude, spread-eagle females to constantly shiver from the cold. There were
five deep sighs and one deep pitiful groan as Elizabeth stop the cart between
girl's three and four, then turned towards the forth, suspended nude girl.

   The forth girl was Doctor Gloria Grahame, a thirty-three year old Emergency
Room specialist. This was the individual that Elizabeth hoped that her father
would allow to treat her mother's gapping sores.

   Grabbing the two hypodermic needles and a wad of cotton that was soaking in a
jar of alcohol Elizabeth knelt down in front of Gloria, as she groaned
pathetically. While wiping the long pointy nipples with the alcohol soaked
cotton Elizabeth softly whispered, "I'm sorry Doctor Grahame, but it's your
turn."

   As with the tank that her mother was in, Elizabeth squinted as four
floodlights bathed the reefer with bright light, which was rapidly followed by
six high pitch screams. The six suspended girls would have thrash about, as
their bodies were charged by electricity flowing from the collars around the
necks. But due to the chains that held them spread-eagled were drawn so taunt
that their bodies couldn't move even an inch. So as the electricity surge
through their bodies all the inverted girls could do was scream, thrash her head
about madly and piss. Boy did they piss. The electricity caused all of the
girls' bladders to constrict, which squeezed every drop of urine out of their
bladders. The piss raced through their asses on its way to Linda's home.

   As the howling died down Elizabeth herd her father's voice coming from the
speaker near the door. "Sweet Pea!"

   Dropping to her wide spread knees and clasping her hands behind her head as
she starred straight into the camera, Elizabeth said, "Yes, Captain."

   "What were you whispering?" boomed Albert's voice from the speaker.

   "I was letting Quack Bitch, know it was her turn to be milkmaid." Responded
Elizabeth.

   "Is that how you said it, Sweet Pea?"  Echoed Albert's detach voice.

   "No Captain, that's not how I said It." squeaked Elizabeth.

   The six girls once again started screaming and thrashing their heads wildly
as the electricity streamed through their bodies once again.

   Albert bellowed "What did you say, Sweet Pea. Word for word!"

   Near tears Elizabeth repeated what she had whispered. This time she said it
in a loud and clear voice. "I'm sorry Doctor Grahame, but it's your turn."

   "Sweet Pea, is that how you are suppose to say it?"  Asked Albert.

   Nervously Elizabeth responded. No, Captain it is not."

   "Then I suggest that you do it properly!" roared Albert.

   Elizabeth turned towards Gloria. Grasping Gloria's left nipple tightly
between her teeth. Elizabeth drew her head back stretching Gloria's left breast
taunt. Elizabeth then eased the pressure on the nipple that was clamp between
her teeth. The trapped nipple was raked over Elizabeth's teeth as the breast
sprang back. Elizabeth repeated the process with Gloria's right nipple.
Elizabeth then grabbed and kneaded both of Gloria's breasts. After a few minutes
of kneading Elizabeth started to gnaw and suck on the breasts.  Then Elizabeth
sat back on her haunches and with both of her palms started slapping the
undersides of both of Gloria's breasts, while she screamed. "You fucked up cow! 
These udders are empty!  Here I am in desperate need of nourishment and what do
you offer me? Useless empty bags!  You are a worthless cow, with udders full of
air!  But I can fix that!" Elizabeth stopped slapping the breasts, picking up
the hypodermic needles and plunging them into the center of both nipples. After
taping the hypodermic needles in place with surgical tape Elizabeth started the
small pumps. It would take several hours for the small pumps to transfer the two
gallons of goat milk from plastic jugs and into living, throbbing jugs of
Gloria.

   "Sweet Pea! Apologize!"  Snickered Albert.

   "Aye-aye, Captain," Elizabeth walk to and stood in front of the sixth
spread-eagle girl. The twenty-year-old platinum blond bombshell was named Betty
Baxter. Elizabeth placed her left foot on the upturn bottom of Betty's right
breast. Tightly grasping Betty's wide spread thighs to help steady her,
Elizabeth lifted herself off the floor by push down with her left leg. Once her
right foot was even with Betty's left breast Elizabeth planted her right foot on
Betty's left breast. Then uniformly distributed her weight between her two feet.
Betty gasped and shuddered as Elizabeth was perched atop the underside of
Betty's forty inch ballooned breast, Elizabeth chirped out "Galley Slut, I have
been a very bad little girl. I am sorry that you had to suffer because of me,
Galley Slut. I will ask to be punished later. But in the mean time Galley Slut,
I will help you take your mind off the electrical jolts that you received."
Elizabeth then planted her face into Betty's pussy and sucked Betty's clit into
her mouth. Elizabeth sucked on and twirled her tongue around the clit about a
dozen times, then clamped her teeth down on the clit in her mouth. Releasing her
grip on Betty's thighs Elizabeth let herself slide down across the bottoms of
the breasts to the deck, while maintaining enough pressure on the clit so that
Elizabeth's teeth raked Betty's clit.

   Betty howled, as Elizabeth's teeth raked her clit.

    After Betty's clit popped out of Elizabeth's mouth, she stood in front of
Betty with her legs spread wide and thrust her hips forward, to within a few
inches in front of Betty's face. She then continued to chirp. "Now Galley Slut
does that make up for me being such a bad little girl? Or do you want me to
apologize to you again, Galley Slut?" 

   Choking back her sobbing Betty answered Elizabeth. "No, My Most Wise and
Wonderful Mistress, you don't need apologize again. I forgive you, My Most Wise
and Wonderful Mistress, for being such a bad little girl." Betty then strain her
head forward and gave a loud wet kiss on Elizabeth's panties covered pussy.
"Thank you, My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress."

   Elizabeth Chirped. "You are very welcome Galley Slut." Leaving Betty to
suffer with a burning and throbbing clit and breasts, Elizabeth step in front of
the twenty-two year old Helen March. The fifth suspended and inverted
spread-eagle girl. Climbing up on Helen's upturn 38-inch breasts. Elizabeth bit
into Helen's clit and slid back to the deck. Elizabeth got the same responses to
her quires from Helen that she got from Betty.

   Walking pass Gloria to the third suspended and inverted spread-eagled girl,
then the second and finally the first. Repeating the same actions that she went
through with girls five and six, while getting the same responses from them.

   After Elizabeth was finish with the first suspended and inverted
spread-eagled girl, she picked up a weighted clover clamp off the cart. Sticking
her fingers in Gloria's pussy the youthful teen grasped Gloria's clit ring.
Pulling the clit from its cozy hiding place. With sad pitifully eyes Elizabeth
spoke to Gloria in a blithely tone. "Sense you are working I'll have to
apologize to you later. Okay? But all work and no play can become very boring.
So as a partial apology to you I'm going to give you this little bobble
(Elizabeth dangled the clover clamp that had a five pound weight hanging from it
in front of Gloria's eyes.), to keep you entertained. Gloria howled as the clamp
bit into the head of her clit and continued to screech as Elizabeth dropped the
weight attached to the clip.

   As bad as the searing pain in her throbbing clit was from the five-pound
weight that was yanking her clit towards the deck, it was nothing to the pain
that was slowly and restlessly growing in her breasts as the goat's milk was
pump into them. As her pain increased Gloria's mind flashed back to the day her
ordeal with the Andersons started.

   **********

   Gloria had just step out of the shower and was standing in front of the
full-length mirror in her hotel room. As she dried herself off she glance over
her thirty-three year body. Though not as firm and taunt as the were when she
was a young teen just out of high school, Gloria knew that she still had a
shapely body with large, well-formed breasts and a cute full ass. Her thickly
matted auburn pubic bush match her full body, shoulder length silky hair. She
still possessed a narrow waist that flared out to wide hips giving her a slight
waspish look.

   As she started to slide her long tapered leg into the one-piece bathing suit,
Gloria felt her pussy juices flowing. Pulling the suit up over her ample breast
she giggled with anticipation.

   Gloria was a trauma doctor at a San Francisco hospital. She had come to
Honolulu to attend a two-week seminar on Emergency Room techniques. It had been
a grueling two-week as she describe and answered thousands of questions on a new
procured that she had develop. So when on last day of the seminar, a very
exquisite young man ten years her junior, who look like he had stepped off a
romance book cover, took interested in her, Gloria decided to include some fun
in the sun to her itinerary. So with wild abandonment she had agreed to check
out of the hotel and go with Robert Anderson aboard his catamaran.

   He was going to show her a special place on one of the many little out of the
way islands off the coast of Molokai. As she finish applying her makeup and
fixing her hair there was a soft knock at the door. Gloria wrapped a terry cloth
skirt around her waist as she open the door.  It was Robert. She tingled all
over and the flow of her pussy juices increased, as the young man who stood in
the door ogled her body. With Robert carrying her luggage as they left the hotel
Gloria glanced over at Robert with a slight flush turning her cheeks rosy. She
wondered, if Robert could hear the wet squishing sound her pussy was making as
she walk.

   For the entire day they romped and played in the warm Pacific waters on their
way to the island. Gloria was pleased that such a rugged and handsome man showed
interest in her. And being out in the sun all day her skin was starting a golden
tan. Her pussy juices had been flowing freely for most of the day. She had been
itching to have the bulge that was trapped behind Robert's tight fitting
swimming trunks to burst free, and then fill her hot seething pussy. But Robert
kept telling her to wait until they got to the cove. So when the catamaran weigh
anchor in a cove that look like a boat, salvage yard Gloria looked at Robert
with a quizzical expression on her face.

   Her facial expression change from a quizzical one to one of pure stark
terror, as Robert handsome face transformed into one befitting the devil
himself. That was eight long and horrible months ago. Sense that sunny April day
her body had been beaten, tortured, tied-up, strapped-down, hung-up, sexually
used in every way, and yes having to become a cow as once again, as the horrid
little pumps filled her udders up with goats milk.

   **********

   Just before Elizabeth left the reefer her father voice boomed "Sweet Pea!"

   The young teenager clasped her hands behind her neck. She spun around and
dropped down on her wide spread knees looking straight into the camera. "Yes,
Captain?"  

   Chuckling Albert spoke to his daughter. "Sweet Pea your shipmates look mighty
uncomfortable at their mooring station. Look at them all sweaty. Why don't you
be a dear and help them cool down then feed them.

   Groaning, as she got to her feet Elizabeth thought that her father was being
even crueler today then he normally was. None of the suspended girls were
sweating. As mater of fact, all of them had a blue tinge and were shivering from
the coolness of the reefer. But her father had said they were sweating, so with
sorrow in her heart she left the reefer.

   When she return to the reefer Elizabeth was carrying a garden hose by the
spray nozzle in one hand and a box with six, sixteen ounce plastic bottles with
squeeze tops, in her other hand. Elizabeth sprayed each girl down with cold salt
water. When each girl was soaked, Elizabeth tossed the hose out of the reefer.
Then she popped open one of the plastic bottles and inserted it in the mouth of
the first suspended girl. It didn't take long for the starving girl to greedily
gulp down the sixteen ounces from the bottle. Placing the empty bottle back into
the box and taking out another bottle, she fed girl number two. So on and so on
until all six girls greedily gobbled down the first meal they have had in three
days.

   Only girl number three, Marsha Clark didn't gulp it down. She slowly and
calmly drank down her meal. The noted physicist was the only one of the
suspended girls that had a full stomach. Though the bottle was the first food
that she had eaten in three days.

   After kidnapping the twenty-five year old from her beach house on the
northern coast of Maui and putting her through their unique training sections,
the Anderson brothers in their cruel humor plunged the brilliant physicist
deeper in to humiliating depravity.  They proclaim that the brilliant physicist
was so stupid that the only thing that she could be taught to do aboard ship as
a member of the crew was to be a toilet. So she was made to eat shit and drink
piss of Albert, Frank, Robert and Elizabeth. So Marsha's stomach was all ready
full of shit and piss when Elizabeth fed her.

   After feeding all six girls Elizabeth return to the reefer's entrance and
faced the just fed, suspended and inverted spread-eagled girls "Happy now that
you all have something in those tummies.

   In unison all six females responded with a loud resounding "Yes! Thank you My
Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress."  It was a "yes" that they meant. Although it
was the same godoxious tasting reddish-brown, rank tasting pap that was always
given to them, and there wasn't much of it, they were truly grateful for the
nourishment. Beside the fact that they were feed at long irregular intervals, it
was the only time that some form of torture or sexual abuse was not done to
them. Though mystified by it, they always were grateful when the teenager who
was younger then any of them fed them from the bottles like babies.

   A loud sinister laugh rattled from the speaker, which was cut off as the
floodlights went out. Now the only source of light was from the galley lights
that shone through the reefer's door and around Elizabeth's petite body.

   From the silhouette by the reefer's entrance came a meek. "You are all very
welcome."  Elizabeth wonder how much the captive and tortured females would
thank her for their food with such glee in there voices, or for that mater if
they even would eat the food, no mater how hungry they got, if they knew what
there meal consisted of. Elizabeth raced over to the sink and vomited as she
thought about it.

   The meal was made up of mostly high protein, dry dog food that was mixed with
blood and raw meat that was pureed until it formed a thick soupy gruel. Added to
the gruel were ample amounts of laxatives so that the captives' bowel movements
were always loose. The gruel was kept in a fifty-five gallon drum near freezing.
When given permission she would fill the plastic bottles with the gruel and feed
whomever she was told to feed.

   What upset Elizabeth was where the meat came from. She retched again. It was
the horrid source of the meat that made Elizabeth vomit. The meat came from the
bodies of the people that her father and uncles had torture to death or out
right killed!  After the poor soul passed on to another plane of existence, her
Uncle Frank would chop their bodies into smaller chunks then run the smaller
chunks through a meat grinder. The grounded human flesh, bones, the blood that
was collected and the dog food was mixed in to the soupy gruel that Elizabeth
fed to the survivors.

   Her father and uncles had turn perfectly normal law-abiding citizens into
society most heinous criminals. No it wasn't her father or uncles. Her Uncle
Frank only made the mixture. It was herself, who fed human remains to those poor
wretches in the reefer and turned them into cannibals. Elizabeth vomited yet
again.

   "Sweet Pea, get up hear pronto!  And bring Helm's special formula.

   Grabbing another bottle of dog food and human remains Elizabeth ran to the
bridge. As she passed the reefer that contained the six suspended, inverted and
spread-eagle cannibals, she slammed the reefer's door closed.

   On the bridge Elizabeth saw that her father had taken Mary down from her helm
position. She was on the deck rocking on her stomach with her back arched
painfully backwards, near the starboard bulkhead. Mary was hog-tied, with her
wrist tied tightly tied together behind her back to her ankles. Mary's head had
been drawn back towards her shoulders and her braided ponytails, were tied to
her ankles, which were hovering above her ass cheeks.

   Elizabeth's father hooked his thumb towards the port bulkhead as he heard his
daughter enter the bridge. Elizabeth walked to the furthest point on the bridge
from Mary and sat down on the deck with her legs spread wide. Elizabeth patted
her pussy with one hand while shaking the bottle of special formula back and
forth with the other hand.

   Speaking in a soft sweet voice like a mother to a baby Elizabeth spoke to
Mary. "Helm Tart, come over here like a good little baby so I can feed you. Come
on Helm Tart scamper over here and rest your head on my pussy."

   Mary rocked to and fro and squirmed on her tummy to Elizabeth's location.
Once Mary's face was on top of Elizabeth's pussy, Elizabeth untied Mary from her
hog tie. Mary kissed Elizabeth's rubber clad pussy then rolled her over onto her
back, resting her head on the pussy that she had just kiss. As Mary gulped down
her special formula Elizabeth shuddered. The only thing that made Mary's bottle
of gruel different then what the other girls gobbled down was that the human
remains, were Mary's newlywed husband.

   Albert roared with laughter, as he heard Mary hungrily gulp down her husband.
Like the other girls Mary didn't understand why feeding time was the only time
that she wasn't tortured or sexually abuse. She was just grateful to be release
from the painful hog-tie she had been tied in. And why was it so amusing to the
Anderson brothers while at the same time so anguishing for Albert's
fourteen-year-old daughter. Though it was humiliating to be feed like a baby
from a girl four years younger then her, it just couldn't be that amusing for
the brothers or horrifying to Elizabeth. When Mary finished gulping down the
sixteen ounces of gruel, she turned back over and kissed Elizabeth pussy once
again and saying, "Thank, You very much, My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress for
feeding me."

   Albert barked one word. "RADAR!"

   Having gone through the procurer many times before both teens groan silently
to themselves as they got to their feet. By the Radar unit was a small barrel
that stood three feet high, which Mary climbed into facing aft. Mary squatting
down and squeezed herself into the barrel until only her head was above the top
rim. She then squeezed her left hand through a small hole and clamp, on the
right side of the barrel, then her right hand through the hole and clamp on the
left side of the barrel. Elizabeth pulled each hand until Mary's arms were
tightly around her chest, then Elizabeth tighten the restriction clamps so that
Mary couldn't move her arms. Elizabeth then placed the two halves of the barrel
top that had a half circle cut into the enter edge of the top on top of the
barrel. The two half circles fitted snugly around Mary's neck. Then Elizabeth
closed and padlock, the hasps that held the top to the barrel. Mary was now
secured in the barrel with her head poking out of the top of the barrel and her
hands sticking out the sides of the barrel. This was the less intrusive of all
of the tortures that she had been subject to. However it was very painful. Right
now it was just uncomfortable. But as time drone on her muscles would start to
knurl and cramp. The pain would increase and increase until Mary scream in
agony.

   After securing Mary in the barrel Elizabeth turned off the box that control
the dildos in her twat and poop chute. Elizabeth winced as she peeled her
panties off. The hard rubber knobs that had been poking and rubbing into her
skin, had left dimples in her soft skin that were inflamed and a nasty red
color. As she continued to remove her panties, the two metal artificial cocks
were pulled out of her lower holes. The one that was up her pussy made a wet,
sucking sound as it popped out of her dripping wet cunt. While the one that was
up her rear felt like it had adhered to her rectal lining and was now ripping
the delicate tissue out. After Elizabeth shucked her panties she climbed up on
the barrel and press her cunt into Mary's face.

   Mary instantly started to lick and suck Elizabeth's pussy, as Elizabeth
strapped her thighs tightly to the barrel top and around Mary's head. Elizabeth
then lean forward and place her head and wrist in a set of stocks. This left her
eyes pressed into the radar's viewing hood.

   "Radar manned and ready, Captain!" Squeaked Elizabeth.

   Albert quickly reached over lowered and padlock, the top of the stocks around
his daughter's slinder neck and small wrists. While Mary lick and suck on her
pussy and clit Elizabeth was watching the radarscope for approaching ships.

   **********

    After Elizabeth closed the reefer door the six females were plunged into
total darkness. They hung suffering in silence with only the whirling of the
reefer fan braking the silence, as it blew cold air over their shivering and
dripping wet bodies. After a while Gloria's pitiful sobbing joined the soft
whirling of the fan as the pressure in her breasts increased, as they were
filled with goat's milk. Though she tried to muffle the cries, the pitiful sound
reverberated around the reefer like a brass band. The other spread-eagle females
knew the pain that Gloria was experiencing. All of them have been in Gloria's
position several times. But they all wanted to scream at Gloria to remain quit,
as they peered into the darkness to where the speaker hung on the wall and
waited for Albert to shock them for being noisy. Yes they knew the pain, but
still they hope that Gloria would quit down. The wanted to scream it but instead
they held there breath and waited and waited. Slowly as their lungs screamed for
air, each drew a quick breath. They waited breathing softly, as Gloria's cries
became louder and louder. All of them including Gloria yelped as the entire
vessel shuddered as it made contact with the Random Access. 

CLOSE LOG ENTRY VI




   Log Entry Number 07:

   The boarding

  

   The Anderson brothers had control of the yacht Random Access and were holding
the Garner family near the stern of the yacht. The Garner's were recovering from
the stun-gun shocks that were given to them when the Anderson's took control of
the Random Access. Frank was kicking the yacht owner, James Garner a middle age
businessman that made billions in the computer business, in the balls. James let
out deep agonizing howl. Frank smiled as he looked down at James, admiring his
work thus far.

   James had been repeatedly stunned with a stun gun, as he was striped
completely naked. Then was tightly bound to a backboard, the type used by
emergency medical technician used to move the injured with. James was bound to
the board, not with the soft cotton straps that the EMT's would use to secure
the injured with. Nope, not that stuff. This board used three-quarter inch
cable. A cable that was deliberately altered to have long pointy barbs sticking
out of it running through it's the entire length that would dig into the flesh
of whoever was bound with it. And right where the small of the back would rest,
a cranking scissors jack was bolted to the board. Frank had used four strands of
the cable to secure James to the board. The first strand went around the waist
just above the hipbone. The second went around the middle just below the rib
cage. The third went around the top of the chest above the breast and running
under the armpits, leaving the arms free. These three cables were secured very
tightly so that the barbs on the cable dug deeply into James's flesh. The fourth
ran around the center of the neck and was secured snugly.

   Frank kick James in the ball again as he took off the heavy leather
work-gloves he had been wearing to protect his hands from the cable. Kicking the
balls a third time, Frank hissed, "Give me any trouble FAGGOT and I'll kick and
stomp your fucking nuts till they crack." Frank leaned over James and gave him
two more jolts from the stun gun right through his limp cock, then straiten back
up. Putting his boot on the right side of the board near its center and grabbing
James left wrist and ankle flipped James on to his stomach. On the back of the
board using the same bolt that held the jack to the board were two sets of steel
manacles, One set for wrists and the other set for ankles. Both sets of manacles
had one-eighth inch steel spikes sticking out, lining the entire inside
circumference. James grunted as the cable barbs push deeper into his skin when
Frank knelt on top of the board adding his weight to James weight. Pulling
James's arms behind his back one at a time and encasing a wrist manacle around
each wrist. With the wrist done Frank secured the ankles the same way.

   Robert, who had dragged Susan naked as a jaybird, from the cabin where she
and her husband, James had been making love together and was now on her hands
and knees, was being used as a chair. Robert was sitting on Susan's back holding
a leach that was attached to a studded leather collar (studs pointing in of
course) buckled tightly around her neck. A twelve-inch black leather strop was
sitting on her plump round heinie, which was glowing, bright red from the strop
that Robert had used on her. After giving Susan's ass twenty strokes with the
strop, ten on each cheek, while warning her if she moved she would get twice as
many on each breast.

   Al who was sitting on the deck next to James's and Susan's seventeen year old
daughter, Edna, who was laying on the stern bench. She was still in her navy
blue sweatshirt and baggy navy blue shorts and blue and white deck shoes. Her
long fiery-red hair braided into a single ponytail. The only thing that the
Anderson's had done so far to the teen was to place a studded collar with leash
that Al had loosely place around her neck. The studs poked and scratched her
neck a little as it shifted about, but it didn't break the surface of her skin.
Also Al had place a necklace that had three cylinders of different florescent
colors (red, blue and green) hanging from it. Al had instructed Edna to lay face
down on the bench that ran completely across the stern of the yacht and watch
the show Frank was putting on with her father.

   Standing up on the board Frank jumped into the air then coming back down on
to the board with a loud thud as Franks boots made contact with the board he
bellowed, "TA-DA!" James yelped in pain as air whoosh out of his lungs. Stepping
down to the deck Frank took a bow.

   Al who had been twirling Edna's long fiery red ponytail with his fingers,
stop as he and Robert clapped their hands and whistled.

   Flipping the board back over pinning the shackled arms and legs under the
board, Frank looked down at the man anchored to the board. Frank kicked him in
the ball once again. "Comfy FAGGOT? Frank asked.

   Snickering Robert informed his brother "Frank I think the FAGGOT is a little
low. I don't think the girls can see him from their view point?"

   "Ya! I know this one can't see" Al said as he swatted Edna on her ass with
his open palm. Edna let out a small yelp as the hand came down a third time on
her baggy navy blue shorts.

   Frank replied as he keeled down next to James, smirking, "Sorry about that
girls. I'll fix it right away for you. Okay!" Inserting, the scissors jack's
cranking handle into the slot, and begin turning it until the jack reached the
end of its travel. As Frank cranked the jack up it pushed James up forcing his
pelvic area to be thrust up and his back to arch. Causing the hip cable and
lower chest cables to dig into James muscular tissue until the cables were
obscured under the folds of skin that bellowed out around the cable. Frank then
turned the board so James's genitals were prominently displayed at the apex of
his now arched back, towards his wife and daughter.

   Laughing Frank asked, "How's that girls?"

   A chorus of catcalls, whistling, clapping, and foot stomping came from the
all three of Anderson brothers, Susan hung her head down and shaking it from
side to side started crying. Edna trembling closed her eyes and turned her head
away was sobbing also.

   Al wrapped his hand around Edna's ponytail and jerking her head back toward
her father. And barked at her while slapping her ass several more times but with
greater force "Open your fucking eye and watch the show Honey Pot. If I see them
eyes close again or not watching the show, I'm going to borrow Robert's little
toy he used on your mommies ass. Rip them fancy shorts of your off your ass and
use it on yours till I get tired. Understand Honey Pot." After pausing a bit and
not getting a response Al smacked Edna with all his might down on her ass and
screamed. "ANSWER ME BITCH! ANSWER ME NOW OR I GET THAT STROP RIGHT NOW! STRIP
EVERY PIECE OF CLOTHING OFF YOU AND BEAT YOUR ENTIRE BODY TILL IT BLEEDS."

   Screaming and crying Edna popped her eyes wide open and stammered "Yeees I..
I.. I.. undeeeerssstanddd. I... I... I'lllll wa... wa... wa... tcccch...
thhhhhe... sh... sh... shoooow." Her head plopped back down on the seat of the
bench as Al released it. Squirming, as Al started to softly stroke, her just
spanked ass, she continued to watch the show.

   Still crying Susan turned her head as she heard her daughter's cries and Al's
yelling. She started to move towards her daughter to help her. Her aid was cut
short almost before it got started. Robert, who also heard the commotion behind
him and knowing Susan would try to protect her daughter, was ready at Susan's
first move.

   When it came he planted his left boot heel down on to Susan's right hand as
he stood up. As he moved to a standing position, Robert yanked the leash up
sharply, causing the collar to dig into Susan's neck and forcing her head up.
Once standing Robert pivoted on his left foot, which was still on top of Susan's
right hand, towards her head and slammed his right steel toe boot into her left
breast. Howling and sobbing heavily as blinding white pain rushed through her
left breast and right hand, Susan jerked her left hand and clutch it to her
acing left breast, praying that just holding it would make the pain go away.

   Squatting down in front of Susan's and watched her face contort. He the
purposely let his spittle fly in Susan's face as he yelled. "FUCKING SLUT YOU
TOLD ME THAT YOU WOULD NOT MOVE! DIDN'T YOU! BUT DID YOU KEEP YOUR WORD TO ME?
NO, "O" NO! YOU DIDN'T! DID YA! AND NOW LOOK WHAT'S HAPPEN. YOU HAVE COMPLETELY
RUINED A PERFECTLY GOOD CHAIR! WELL, NOW WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO ABOUT IT? Hmmmm
lets see?" Robert paused as if he was in deep thought.

   Still clutching her left breast with tears streaming down her pain contorted
face, Susan teetering on her right arm that was held in place by Robert standing
on her hand. The only thing that kept her from pitching forward was the collar
around her neck as Robert held the collar's leash taunt. Sobbing she muttered,
"I'm sorry! My daugh... Argggg! Owwww! Oh God"

   Cutting Susan statement short with a sharp slap across her right breast
Robert continued in a soft tone to talk to her. "Hmmmm what to do? I just don't
know what to do? What's that you say? You want me to go ahead and fulfill my end
of the deal. I don't know! It's a pretty big job you know. What? You want Frank
to help me? I don't know that FAGGOT over there is keeping him pretty busy.
Maybe if you ask that FAGGOT real nice and sweet to let Frank help me whip your
breasts I'm sure that that FAGGOT will let him. Then I think that together we
could get the job done. Go ahead and ask that FAGGOT."

   Susan looked at Robert with painful but quizzical face, thinking. This maniac
was talking to her like he was holding a conversation with her. It was a
conversation all right but Robert was the only one talking. Why did she ever
talk her husband into hiring this maniac? Now her family was suffering for that
decision. The three of them was going to suffer greatly at the hands of this
maniac and his equally insane brothers. She moaned with despair. "Owwww! Owwww!
Arrrrggg! Owwwwww!" she screamed.

   Robert started to repeatedly smash his fist into her right breast. "ASK HIM!
ASK THAT FAGGOT NOW! RIGHT FUCKING NOW SLUT!" Robert yelled and with spittle
flying as he continued to punch her right breast several more times. Finishing
his statement in a soft tone, "And remember to ask him nice and sweet and with
manners."

   With tear filled eyes and choking back her sobbing Susan spoke with a sweet
tone in her voice asked her husband, "Darling, will you let Frank come over here
and help Robert whip by breasts."

   While griping her, right nipple and twisting it sharply Robert said, "That
was very nice. But that thing over there is not a darling it's a FAGGOT.
Remember that and use it the next time and every time you talk to it. So lets
try it again louder and with lots of pleading."

   As pain ripped through Susan' right nipple, once again in a sweet voice but
louder Susan pleaded with her husband, "Please, Oh, pleaseeeee faggot please let
Frank come over here and help Robert whip my breasts. Pleaseeeee let him come
over pleaseeeee faggot."

   With a cheerful chirp Frank spoke to Susan "Sorry bitch but the FAGGOT can't
speak right now his mouth is kind of full right now, but he said that I can help
you out bitch. Oh by the way the FAGGOT wants to know if you need any thing
bitch."

   At the prodding from Robert Susan answered Frank's question. "Yes, faggot ask
Frank to bring a strop of his own to whip my breasts with and a bag of rubber
bands. Please faggot ask him to do that... Oh! Faggot; ask him to bring some
bindings too. Please faggot. Pretty please faggot let him bring those things for
me. Especial the strop for my breast, please, faggot. And ask him to hurry.
Please faggot, I can't wait to have my breasts whip by Robert and Frank. Please
faggot, please!"

   In one smooth and nearly effortless movement, Robert slid his left boot off
Susan's right hand rasping her knuckles in the process, while grabbing both of
her wrist tightly in his burly hands as he rose up off his haunches Robert clamp
his big muscular thighs around Susan's head. Robert then twisted Susan's arms
behind her back, crossing the wrist high up on her back, near the shoulder
blades and pining them in that position by tightly binding the wrist with the
leash that was attach to her collar. Susan' arms were now securely fasten behind
her back unable to move them further up, (They were already as high up as they
could get.), nor lower them. (There was no slack left in the leash.) Digging his
fingers between Susan's back and the leash. Robert grabbed the short length of
leash; he released Susan's head from between his knees and took a step back.
Robert then drugged Susan to her feet by the leash in his hand. Once on her feet
Robert continued his hold on the leash as he stroked her nipples gently with his
other hand. In a sweet low voice Robert spoke, "Susan, look up please."

   Fighting to get air in her lungs do to the pressure the collar was putting on
her wind pipe put even more pressure on it as she looked up into Robert's face.
As Susan looked up her face contorted in pain with tears running down her
cheeks, Robert bent forward and placed his lips over her left eye and started
sucking lightly on it. As he pulled his head back a little while still sucking
on the left eye, it made a slurping-pop sound. Switching to the right eye,
Robert repeated the process and getting the same result. Then he went back to
the left eye. Robert repeated this cycle as he continued to talk to Susan in the
same sweet low voice as he moved back and forth between her eyes.

   "That was very good slut..." slurp-pop, "I'm glad that you talked that
FAGGOT..." slurp-pop, "into letting Frank help you..." slurp-pop, "like that."
slurp-pop "It will make it so..." slurp-pop,  "much easier on poor..."
slurp-pop, "little old me..." slurp-pop, "to complete your request." slurp-pop
"You really need to thank...." slurp-pop "that FAGGOT properly later." slurp-pop
"But right now..." slurp-pop "you need to get ready..." slurp-pop "for Frank and
me to..." slurp-pop.

   "ARGG... OW... OWWW...OWWW." Susan gurgled, as Robert jerked her off her feet
and up to his eye level by the leash and bellowed.

   "BEAT THE SHIT OUT OF YOUR BOOBIES."

   Releasing his grip on the leash Susan crumpled to the deck writhing in pain.
Robert bent over and picked the strop that had been sitting on Susan's rump when
she was kneeling and grabbed Susan by the hair and dragged her to the stern,
where Al and Edna were. "Excuse me big brother can you give us a little room
here?" Robert asked then called to Frank. "Ready Frank?"

   "Be there in a sec Bobby, just finishing up here." Frank replied.

   Al replied, "Sure little brother" he pulled lightly on Edna's leash as he
stood up. "Up and at 'em, Honey Pot, your mom needs the bench. Al whispered to
her.

   Edna stood up off the bench on wobbly legs and look at Robert drag her mother
by the hair, with her arms bound behind her on the deck. Al once again tugged on
her collar lightly. Edna diverted her eyes and looked up in to Al's eyes.

   Al talking in a soothing voice spoke to Edna. "Honey Pot, are you having
trouble deciding what show to watch now that your mom has decided to put on a
show too? Boy, she a jealous one. Is she like this at home? Always wanting to be
the center of attention. Well Honey Pot we don't want her to get angry with us?
Do we? Seems like your dad is putting on a really boring show right now. Shit
all he is doing is having, Frank spread Nair all over his head and groin. I see
your dilemma. Tell you what come over hear and sit Honey Pot." Al, lead Edna to
where Susan had been knelling and sat Edna down on the deck and then he sat
right next to her.

   Tapping Edna lightly on the shoulder Al spoke in a firm voice. "Honey Pot,
now that we're in a good position to watch either show which one will it be?
Boring old dad, or hot mom-ma? Hmmm, let's see? Your dad seems to be a lay back
kind of follow." All three of Anderson brothers roared with laughter at Al pun.

   Al continued talking to Edna but with a firmer voice. "Well Honey Pot
considering what a BITCH your mom can be when she's not the center of the
universe, and we don't want her to get pissed off at you, do we. So I think that
you... FUCKING BETTER BE WATCHING HER!" Al screamed the last five words directly
in to the teen's ear as he slapped her across the face with a mild blow. Then
added in a sinister low voice in her ear. "Or it will be strop time for you
Honey Pot." Edna snapped her head in her mother's direction and with Al watched
her mother's tortuous plight continue.

   As Al was talking to Edna, Robert had removed Susan's collar from her neck,
so she could breath unrestricted during her next phase of her torture. As Robert
remove the collar the strain of keeping her wrist high up her back was removed,
but her wrist were still tied with the leash behind her back. Then Robert and
Frank had propped Susan's ass up on to the aft railing of the yacht and secure
her hips to the railing. Then they tied her ankles to the aft mooring cleats,
causing her legs to be spread wide. Then they bent her backward down the front
of the bench causing her head to hang up side down just above the deck.

   As Edna's attention was refocus on her mother, the two younger Anderson
brothers stood up from their crouched positions and stepped aside. What Edna saw
made her gasped and groan in sorrow. Frank and Robert had place around the base
of each of her mother's breasts enough rubber bands to force every bit of slack
that were in them out. The result was made her mother's breast look like two
bowling ball size globes.

   	Both Frank and Robert sat on the bench on opposite sides of Susan. Each had
a strop in there hand. Frank was rubbing Susan's stomach with his free hand
while Robert talked to the bound woman.

   "Slut, me and Frank are going to fulfill my end of your agreement. You are to
get twenty strikes across each boob. Frank and I will alternate; first I will
strike your left boob. Then Frank will strike your right boob. This will go on
till the count reaches forty. You will COUNT EACH ONE out loud and thank the
proper person for each one. If at any time you lose count or forget to thank the
proper person the count goes to zero and we start again. Also if you try to
avoid the blows to your boob the one who's turn it is will whip your twat until
you present the proper boob to that person. Then you are ask him politely to
whack that boob's nipple three times for each whack that was delivered to your
twat after the penalty phase you will thank the person for the penalty strokes
and ask him to restart start the boob punishment again. And no ad-libbing, no
god, no please, no stop, no anything but the proper count or the count will
start over."

   As Robert finished talking to Susan, Edna voice ranged out loud and clear in
sweet musical tones, "Mother sure drives a hard bargain. Doesn't she! She can be
a bitch at times. But we will just half to grin and bare it in order to make her
happy. Proceed with her request gentlemen and sorry about her demanding nature.
THANK YOU FOR THE SHOW."  At Al's prodding, (he told her that he would give
thirty whacks each to each breasts, both ass cheeks, the ass hole and the cunt
of her mother. Then do the same for her.) Edna then applauded and sang "GO FOR
IT! RA... RA... RA! GO FOR IT! HOORAY! I LOVE THIS SHOW! RA... RA... RA!"  All
three of the Anderson's cheered with her.

   WHACK! "ONE THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! "TWO THANK YOU FRANK" WHACK! "THREE
THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! "FOUR THANK YOU FRANK" WHACK! "FIVE THANK YOU ROBERT"
WHACK! "SIX THANK YOU FRANK" WHACK! "SEVEN THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! "EIGHT THANK
YOU FRANK" WHACK! "NINE THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! "TEN THANK YOU FRANK"........

   	They weren't hitting Susan's breasts that hard. But to Susan it felt as they
were ripping them off her chest. The distortion was due to the way that the
rubber bands stretch her skin, taunt and ballooned made them ultra sensitive.
The strops would never break the skin. They weren't doing any permanent damage,
at less not yet. But boy "O" boy, they were going to hurt like hell. And they
were going to hurt even more when the rubber bands were removed and fresh blood
rushes in.

   WHACK! "ELEVEN THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! "TWELVE  THANK YOU FRANK..." Susan
twisted her body slightly away from Robert. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   Robert used the strop on Susan's twat rapidly in quick hard strokes. Much
harder then the swats they had been using on her breasts. He wanted her to think
that nothing was worst then having her twat whip.

   Susan's auburn hair was being soaked from the tears of anguish that was
flooding from her eyes. Straining Susan lifted her back off the bench and thrust
her left breast at Robert and gasped with a shaky voice. "Robert please, hit my
nipple nine times. Please Robert." WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!
WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! "Thank you Robert. Please let me continue my boob
punishment Robert."

   WHACK! "THIRTEEN THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! "FOURTEEN THANK YOU FRANK" WHACK!
"FIFTEEN THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! "SIXTEEN  THANK YOU FRANK

   Frank held up his thumb as he finish the SIXTEENTH strike across Susan's
right breast.

   Al, had been waiting for the signal that would allow him to set in motion his
fun time. Standing up Al pulled lightly on Edna's leash and said. "Oh my Honey
Pot your dad is missing a great show. Shall we ask him if he wants to watch it
with us? Hmmmm, lets go ask him Honey Pot."

   Scurrying to her feet Edna follow Al to the board her dad was still bound to
with barbed wire. His pelvis was still being thrust in to the air by the jack,
with his arms and legs still shackled together under the board. The first thing
that Edna noticed about her dad was that all of the hair from his groin had been
removed resulting in his cock and balls being very prominent. They just lay
there all shriveled in a heap on top of his groin with nowhere to hide. She then
noticed that his thick mat of chest hairs had also so been removed and cut into
the chest was a massage that read: I AM A FAGGOT I HATE PUSSY & TITS. I LOVE TO
EAT COCK. FEED ME ONLY COCK. I WANT TO DRINK COCK CUM ONLY! IF COCK CUM IS NOT
AVAILABLE I WILL DRINK A PISS AND SHIT COCKTAIL. His rugged features had been
cut and ripped from the barbs on the cable as he thrash around trying to get
free and help his family. His eyebrows and eyelashes hair had also been removed
his eye were squeezed closed and puffy due to the Nair that Frank had use to
remove the hair. His mouth had been jammed full by a massive rubber cock. Duct
tape was used to completely sealed his lips around the fake cock and hold it in
place. From the back of the fake cock was a tube that ran to a little pump that
was running. Another tube with a one way, check valve ran up to a one-gallon
plastic jug that currently it held just under a half of gallon of brown viscous
liquid. Edna saw that the level of the brown fluid dropped as the pump slowly
droned on. The rank odor of raw sewage whiff up and assaulted her nose every
time her father exhale.

   With daggers in his eyes her father resume his struggle in his bonds as she
and Al came into his view, causing the board grind against his bound arms and
legs, and the cables to dig into and rip his skin even further. With an open
palm Al swung down with all his might right on top of her father's cock and
balls.

   THWACK! Her father let out a mournful grunt and went pale as the force of
Al's blow sent ripples of pain through her father's nuts. Edna shuddered, as she
remembered how painful that palm was when it hit her rear. Her globes were still
stinging from those blows. Now her father sensitive testicles had gotten a
sample of that forceful blow.

   THWACK! THWACK! "How's it going FAGGOT?" Al asked as he continued to hit
James's nuts with his hand. "I see that you got some refreshment for yourself."
THWACK! " You seem to be enjoying the shit out of it" Al snicker at his pun.
"Maybe you should share some of it with Honey Pot here." Al poked Edna in the
side. "Do you want some Honey Pot?" Al asked. THWACK!

   Edna screwed her face in disgusted and shook her head in a negative response.
"That's OK Honey Pot we'll get some thing for you to drink later. Well FAGGOT
looks like you got a well-mannered daughter here. She's willing to deprive
herself of some of that cool yummy refreshment, letting you to have it all. So
drink up and enjoy, your PISS AND SHIT COCKTAIL!" Thud! Laughing Al slammed a
burly fist in to her father stomach. The force of the blow made air to rush out
of his lungs making some of the fowl smelling fluid to bubble out of his nose.
The brown streaks of the viscous fluid ran towards his eyes where it pooled then
run across his balded head and collect on the deck beneath him.

   WHACK! "TWENTY-SEVEN, THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! "TWENTY-EIGHT, THANK YOU
FRANK" WHACK! , "TWENTY-NINE, THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! "THIRTY, THANK YOU FRANK"

   "Oh! I'm sorry Honey Pot. I forgot why you had me come over here didn't I?
"Honey Pot, stand here so you can watch that great show your mom's putting on."
Al remarked as he positioned Edna about five-feet from her father's head in
direct alignment with her father and mother. Looking pass her father's limp cock
to where the younger Anderson brothers were still whipping her mother's breast
with the strops.

   WHACK! "THIRTY-THREE, THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! "THIRTY-FOUR, THANK YOU FRANK"
WHACK! , "THIRTY-FIVE, THANK YOU ROBERT" WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! .

   "Please hit my nipple fifteen times. Please Frank."

   Edna watch Frank give her mother the five slashes across the cunt with the
strop and watch her mother straining to push her right breast out for to give
Frank a better target for the fifteen penalty strokes to her nipple, while
asking for them in a sobbing quavering voice.

   "Thank you Robert. Please let me continue my boob punishment Robert."

   "Wrong SLUT! That was Frank you should have thanked. Now SLUT from the
beginning!" Robert slashed Susan's left breast.

   WHACK! , "THIRTY-SIX, THANK YOU ROBERT"

   THUD! Frank's fist sank into Susan's belly. "My brother told you to start
over BITCH!"

   Robert once again hit the inflamed bottom of Susan's left-ballooned breast
with his strop. WHACK! , "ONE, THANK YOU ROBERT!" Susan gaspingly sobbed, as she
started her forty breasts slashing over.

   Al dropped Edna's leash and hunched down just above her father's head as he
started to talk to him. "FAGGOT! The Trull down there is putting on one hell of
a show. I know that you are a FAGGOT and you hate even the sight of a nice set
of boobs, but it would really please Honey Pot back there if you would. After
all she's letting have all that yummy cocktail that you been slurping like
SHIT." Al giggled "Didn't she? Yes, yes I know you would rather have someone to
repack that shitter of yours but it appears that you are the only FAGGOT around.
And this puny thing, (Al slammed his fist into James's groin.) just won't do it
for you will it? Oh, well maybe you'll come up with some thing to pack your
shitter latter. OK FAGGOT!

   So do you want to watch the show the Trull is putting on? You DO! Hear that
Honey Pot your father want's to watch your mother put on her TITTY show. Here
FAGGOT let me fix it so you can see better."

   As Al grab the board in one hand and started to tilt the board up he saw the
Edna's leash begin to slide he started to grin. Once the board that James was
secured to reached a sixty-five degrees angle, Al lowered the legs that were
attach to the under side of the board and lock them into place. As he sat the
board down he step to the side of the board and bent over James face. Taking a
quick glance towards the bow of the yacht out of the corner of his eye. He saw
Edna was heading up the starboard ladder to the bridge Snickering as he
whispered "Yo, FAGGOT I'm going to half to leave the show, but you go ahead and
enjoy it ok! Honey Pot has invited me to a cherry popping party that she going
to throw."

   James started to struggle again but became still as the board teetered
harshly and Al continued whispering to him " Careful now you know how dangerous
these balconies can be. And to tell you the truth I don't think a lot of effort
went in to the supports. I would just hate to see a FAGGOT fall and bust both
his arms. After all, the Scorpion needs to be scrubbed clean and I heard that
you have volunteered to do it, FAGGOT. I got to run now Honey Pot is waiting for
me to join her cherry popping party. But before I leave I notice that your
cocktail is running low and I know how watching a boob show can even give a
FAGGOT like you a real thirst. So I just change it for you." Al change the
nearly empty bag of piss and shit and started a new one, then as he started for
the bridge after Edna he called back to James "Have fun FAGGOT! I know that I
will!" Giving a sinister laugh as he went after Edna. His VIRGIN FUCK TOY!  As
he climbed the bridge ladder He could still hear his brothers with Susan.

   WHACK! "TWENTY-EIGHT, THANK YOU FRANK" WHACK! , "TWENTY -NINE, THANK YOU
ROBERT" WHACK! "THIRTY, THANK YOU FRANK"

   With her sobbing and gasping Robert stopped beating Susan's breast and asked
sweetly, "SLUT! Are you enjoying yourself?"

   After a short pause Frank gave Susan five hard slaps on her cunt "Bobby asked
you a question BITCH"

   Sobbing Susan replied "Dear god! No! My breasts are in agony."

   Wrong answer SLUT! Start over!" Snapped Robert as he hit her ballooned breast
with his strop.

   WHACK! For a third time Susan started to count off the lashing to her
breasts. "ONE, THANK YOU ROBERT." 

   Reaching the bridge wing Al face his brothers and with a wide grin and a,
thumbs up to his brothers. Both Frank and Robert held their thumbs up and in
unison shouted, "HAVE FUN," then they turned their attention back to Susan.


CLOSE LOG ENTRY VII




   Log Entry Number 08:

   crew training 101

  

   WHACK! , "FORTY, THANK YOU Frank." Susan had finally reached forty and was
treated to six powerful blows to her pussy by Frank and Robert. Each laid three
of the searing strokes.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! "Now that didn't hurt? Did it?"
Robert chuckled. 

   "NO! NO! IT DIDN'T HURT AT ALL!" Susan wailed.

   "See Frank told you she just loves this stuff. Don't you slut" remarked
Robert.

   Wailing in broken sobs Susan responded, "Yes! Yes, I love this stuff."

   Then with a cheerful chirp Frank said "What's that bitch? You want Bobby here
to help you to teach a lesson? A lesson for that FAGGOT, over there. Noooo,
really! A fucking lesson! Hmmm! I think he know how to fuck. Oh! I see you want
to teach the FAGGOT how to fuck a pussy instead of repacking little boys in the
ass. I don't know, little brother hear is the shy type. Maybe if you ask him
loudly in a real sweet voice he'll do it for you," Waving his strop in front of
her Frank continue, "Go a head BITCH ask him sweetly."

   With her eyes shifting between Frank, Robert and the two strops in their
hands she sang out, "Robert, please help me teach my husb.... ARGGGG."

   Frank had smacked her cunt five more times with the strop and barked,
"HUSBAND! I don't see any fucking husband around here I only see a FAGGOT try
again and get it right or I will beat that slimy, disgusting TWAT until you do.
Go ahead ASK IT."

   Gasping for air Susan sang to Robert once more "Please Robert help me! Please
help me teach the faggot how to fuck a pussy instead of repacking little boys in
their asses. Please Robert."

   With mirth in his voice Robert answered Susan "Well I don't know after you
broke your word and ruin a completely good seat I was using. Can I trust you not
to break your word again? If I go over there, to let you fuck me, then you
change your mind. Golly, I just don't know what I would do." Robert slapped his
strop lightly across Susan's stomach and continued "So SLUT, are you are NOT
going to change your mind again? And what do you want me to do in front of the
FAGGOT, and where do you want it done? Nice and loud now."

   Feeling the strop across her stomach as Robert continue brush her with it
lightly and not wanting the force of it to increase across her stomach or hit
her anywhere else Susan responded, "No Robert I won't change my mind. I want you
help me teach the faggot how to fuck a pussy instead of repacking little boys in
their asses. I want you to fuck me in my pussy, in front of the faggot. Please
Robert. PLEASE!"

    With a sinister smile Robert remarked, "Well then slut, Frank and I will
meet you there"

   Frank and Robert released Susan's ankles and hips from their binding and let
her slide down to the deck in a heap. Laying on the deck with arms still bound
behind her Susan was groaning, moaning and sobbing wishing that she could use
her hands to help her smooth the burning that was in her breasts and pussy.

   She begin taking an inventory of her bruise and battered body Looking down at
her breast they were a deep blue from the restricted blood flow to them caused
by the rubberbands that were still making them balloon out. Continuing her gaze
down between her legs she saw her pussy lips were bloated and bright red from
the whipping it had received from the strops that Frank and Robert had used on
it. Shuddering she wondered what the bottom of her ballooned breast look like.
Her shoulders were wrack with pain from the unnatural position her arms had been
forced into by her wrist being bound behind her. Her hands and fingers had been
burning. Now they were numb with just that pin-prick, feeling caused by her
hands being denied normal blood flow far to long by the tight bindings around
her wrist. Gnawing, agonizing pain ran from the chaff ankles that were tied to
the aft mooring cleat. Up her twitching calf muscles, through the grinding knee
joints, into the pulsating ripples of her thigh muscles to the wrenching pain in
her in her hip joints, all from the strain of her legs being spread to there
maximum stretching point. Ending with the flaming sensation of her chaffed hips
that were secured to the aft railing All of these pains were mix deep in the
cauldron of her mind and came out as one flaming red hot, excruciating pain.

   As she was laying inventorying her pains Robert knelt next to her yanked her
arms high up her back and reattached the collar tight around Susan's throat,
while snarling, "Slut are you backing out of another one of your deals are you?
Trying to make me look bad? Are you?"  Slimy, vile, drool dripped down onto
Susan's face as Robert looked down at her and spittle splattered into her face
as he spoke.

   Darting her eyes from Frank to Robert and to the strops the two brothers were
lightly hitting there own palms with, Susan spoke in a meek pleading voice. "No!
No, I'm not trying to make you look bad Robert. I really want you to help me
teach the faggot how to fuck me in the pussy." Pausing, slightly then Susan
amended her response,  "Please Robert I really want you to help me teach the
faggot how to fuck me in the pussy, instead of repacking little boys in their
asses. Please Robert."

   Snarling at Susan, Robert said, "Then I suggest that you get off of that
plump little heinie of yours, get on your knees and scurry over to that FAGGOT
and present yourself to him. I mean really present yourself. On your knees, with
them spread wide, back straight, looking in to the FAGGOT'S eyes, and boobs
pushed way out. If you are not in that position in thirty seconds you are going
to get triple of what you just got. That's a minimum of one hundred and twenty
more slashes across those boobs of yours. Now get over there and kneel, AND
DON'T YOU FUCKING MOVE SLUT!"

   Scrambling to her knees and racing over to her husband Susan took up the
stance that Robert had order to take up and waited under the harsh Pacific sun.
With her gaze locked on her husband, Susan soaked in every thing that her
daughter did especially the message carved into his chest. His once pale skin
was a rosy pink from being out in the sun to long. Even his cock and balls had a
rosy color to it. She saw Frank using his index finger to thump her husband's
belly that was bulging from nearly two gallons of the piss and shit, like a
watermelon.

   "Well, Well what do you know a FAGGOT can get pregnant!" Frank said with a
tone of atonement as he continue to thump James's extended stomach with his
index finger

   Reaching over Susan's shoulders and under her breast Robert begin to bounce
her ballooned breast up and down in his palms like two volley balls, while
asking her "Slut how many piglet have you drop a from your oven? Don't you
breeding swine's need plenty of fluids for the little porkers?"

   Quivering as Robert played with her throbbing, whipped breast Susan answered
his questions. "Just Edn... Arrrggg! Owwww. Ekkk"

   Twisting Susan's nipples viciously Robert snapped at Susan " What did you
SPEW FROM THAT NASTY TWAT, SLUT?"

   "Owww! Owww! Eekkkkk! A piglet Robert! My nasty twat spewed out a piglet.
Just one piglet, Robert, Ohhhh! Arrrggg! Yes! Breeding swine's need plenty
nourishment for the young piglet." Susan howled as Robert continued twisting her
nipples.

   "Oh! Like special formula?" Frank asked quizzically. "Well we got plenty of
that. And the best thing about our formula is it happens to be the FAGGOT'S
favorite drink, Piss and Shit Cocktail. Isn't that the very nourishment for
what's in a FAGGOT'S oven? Isn't it BITCH?" Frank said, as he hooked yet another
bag of the fluid and increased the pump flow.

   "ISN'T IT SLUT?" Robert growled as he yanked Susan's nipple straight up.

   "Owwwww! Owwwww! Owwwww! Yeeesss Fraaannkkk! Owwwww! Owwwww! It'sssss
veeerryyyy noooourrrrishhhiing! Owwwww! Owwwww! Ffooorrr whatts innn a Owwwww!
Owwwww! a-a Faaaggooot's Owwwww! Owwwww! Owwwww! Oveeen!" Susan wailed and fell
forward onto the deck as Robert release her nipples. "Aarrrggg!" Susan yelped as
Robert kicked her in the ass.

   "PRESENT YOURSELF SLUT!" Robert screeched at Susan. As he continue to kick
her in the ass. "No one said you could rest, SLUT."

   With tears streamed down her cheeks, plopping onto her ballooned breasts, and
rolling down them to splash onto the deck below. Susan shivering and shaking
with effort struggled to resume her position. On her knees with them spread
wide, back straight, breast thrust out and watching her husband bound form. With
blood seeping from the wounds that the barbed cables that bound him to the board
had gouged into his body. And having piss and shit pump down his gullet. And
waited

   Stroking his chin Robert ask Susan, "Slut why was it that we came over here
again?"

   "To help me teach the faggot how to fuck a pussy, inste..." Susan started to
reply before Robert cut her off.

   "Oh Ya! Now how can I help you teach that FAGGOT how to ream a cunt with my
cock trapped in these jeans? Will you remove them for me? Gee thanks!" Robert
said as he stood in font of Susan grinning.

   Looking up at Robert with a quizzical look. Not understanding how she was
going to remove his jeans for him with her hands tied behind her back resulted
in several strong slaps across her face with his open palm.

   Snarling as he slapped her face Robert said, " Use your teeth and lips Open
my jeans and pull out my cock. And suck on it as you do, SLUT!"

   Grasping the metal tab of Robert's jeans zipper with her teeth Susan pulled
it down, opening his fly. Then using her nose to help her burrow her face in to
his fly, Susan used her tongue to move his cock around so she could grasp it
with her lips and walked the shaft into her throat. Sucking on it as she pulled
it out of the tight confines of Robert's jeans. She knelt there sucking on
Robert's cock as he grabbed a hand full of her auburn hair.

   Robert looked down at Susan's face as he grabbed her hair that surround her,
like a flaming halo, as her sensuous lips clamped around his cock. Pulling her
head back and forth by her hair while she suck on his cock sent ripples of
delight through his body. "Suck my prick SLUT," Robert whispered, "All the
fucking way in. SLUT! Suck till I cum in to that cum loving mouth. SLUT!

   Susan's felt Robert's long thin cock hit the back of her mouth and forced
down her throat as her nose was fully buried deep into the crotch hair and her
lips brushed the root of his cock. It was at lease ten inches long twice the
length of her husband's and it was hardly thicker then a thumb. As it was shoved
all the way into her mouth her gag reflex kicked in.

   As Robert held Susan's head trapped against his groan by the grip on her hair
a ripple of ecstasy shook him to the core as air squeezing between his cock and
her throat muscles made his cock tingle. "Man-O-man SLUT! Gobble down on that
cock I've got a sack full of cum for you to suck down SLUT!"

   Unhhhh! Susan choked, her salvia soaking his wiry crotch hairs and leaving
little strands of spittle stretching between her lips and the base of his crotch
as her head was pulled back. She felt bile rise up her throat from her stomach
as Robert's prick slammed in and out of her throat as she continue to suck on
it.

   Normally she didn't mind sucking her husband's cock, but this humiliating act
of sucking off this brutal stranger with her bound husband watching her made her
ill to the stomach. She could taste the precum coat her taste buds and felt his
muscles tighten and his cock quiver. A few seconds latter his white creamy,
sweet taste of his cum exploded with tremendous force into her mouth.

   "Drink it SLUT! DRINK IT ALL DOWN THAT COCK LOVING THROAT SLUT!" roared
Robert as his cock exploded into Susan's mouth spewing hot wads of jism into her
mouth, as he held her head plastered into his groin. "Drink it all slut or I'll
beat the shit out of you." Robert roared. 

   Swallowing, as fast as she could, Susan drank what to her seem to be gallons
and gallons of jism. But dispute her valiant attempt two streams of cum came
streaming from her nostrils as the jism backed up in her mouth as her lips were
still sealed around his cock. The streams of sticky cum spurted out of her nose
and into Robert's crotch hair.

   In a low moaning tone Robert said "Ahhh! Nice; blowjob SLUT! Now keep them
lips tightly wrapped around my shaft as I pull out. And keep on sucking, slut!"
Robert started pulling his still rigid cock from Susan's mouth. As his prick was
withdrawn from her mouth the seal around it made a sucking noise as Susan
continue to apply vacuum action to the cock.

   With a wet popping sound Robert's prick cleared her mouth and Susan got her
first good look at the cock that had just been in her mouth. It glistened with
her saliva and Robert's jism that had stuck to it when it came out of her mouth.
It curved upward and the head came to a smooth round point. It didn't have the
usual mushroom shape knob at the end of it. His balls sack look so ridiculously
large that it was hard to actual see the testis hiding in the folds of the
scrotum. It looked like a long stick holding a deflated balloon on the end of it
in tall black grass. She almost laughed at the sight of it, but the fear that
ran through her held it in check. So she just knelt there, trying to remove the
jism that was plastered around her mouth, with her tongue. Hearing Robert speak
to her she blushed.

   Seeing Susan trying to clean the cum off her face, Robert laugh at her and
said "Ya I know you love to suck this cock all day and lap up every drop of cum
I have but we need to get on with the FAGGOT'S lesson now. But first you need to
finish taking my jeans off for me. Don't forget to remove the belt from the
jeans. I may have need of it later slut." He stood there waiting with his rock
hard prick waving back and forth.

   Susan using only her teeth unbuckled Robert's belt and pulled it from the
jeans loops. Then undid the button that held the jeans closed, alternating from
the jeans left side to right side she pulled the jeans down till they were clear
of the hips and dropped to the deck. Robert stepped out of his jeans then
knelling in front of her, he flicked her nipples with both index fingers and
said "Shirt, slut!" while leaning forward.

   Grabbing the T-shirt collar in her teeth and leaned backwards, Susan pulled
the blue T-shirt off him. After standing back up he started walking around her,
stroking his rigid cock, as Susan drop the T-shirt on to the deck. Stopping
directly behind her she waited for him to start fucking her from behind doggy
style. She brace herself for it, She even anticipated it some what by leaning
forward to give him access to her pussy. To her painful shock, Robert lashed her
back with the strop instead.

   Raining the strop across her back Robert bellowed "That's for not drinking
all of my cum SLUT! Thought that I didn't see you trying to hide some of it in
my groin. You DUMB SLUT! Get back into position SLUT!"

   As Robert stop striking her with his strop and fighting to get back into her
kneeling position she herd Frank say in a monotone voice as he walked over to
her.

    "What's that bitch? You don't think that one lesson will be enough for that
FAGGOT. You want me to help you teach him extra lessons? Sure, but as you can
see I have the same problem that Robert had. So let me know nice and loud how
you are going to solve my problem and warm me up. Also let the FAGGOT know about
the extra lessons."

   Sobbing heavily Susan started to speak to Frank, but was stop short when
Frank slapped her across the face hard twice once for each cheek. Still speaking
in the monotone voice.

   "I can't understand any thing that you are saying. So stop crying like a baby
and talk to me in your sweetest sexiest voice, very clearly."

   With tears still streaming down her face, she choked back her sobs and using
the sexist voice that she could manage started speaking "Please Frank let me
take your clothes off of you with my teeth and suck your cock to help you warm
up. So you can help me give the faggot another lesson on how to fuck a pussy.
Please Frank!"

   "AND!" Frank growled, striking her face twice more.

   Continuing Susan added " Faggot I'm asking Frank to help me give you extra
lessons in pussy fucking." Susan then went through the same performance that she
went through with Robert. Noticing that his prick was unbelievable thick just
about the thickness and length of a soda can. It totally filled her mouth cavity
but it didn't extend down her throat as far Robert's did. She was determined not
to let any jism leek out this time. So she could try to avoid another beating,
for letting jism to leak out of her mouth.

   But just as the first drop of jism escape from the slit in Frank's cock he
yank his cock out of her mouth and let the gooey jism spray all over her face
chest and breast. When the jism finished spurting out he took his cock in his
hand and used it like a knife to spread the jism into her skin. Paying
particular attention in using the tip of his cock to squish some jism into each
eye. He then stuck the semi-rigged cock back into her mouth and told her to
clean it off. Susan swirl, suck and licked Frank's cock as she clean it with her
tongue. Satisfied Frank pulled his cock out of her mouth. Grasping her nipples
he pulled them until Susan was facing to starboard. This gave her husband a
profile view of her, as she waited in her kneeling position looking at the blood
red hull of the Scorpion.

   As Susan knelt there her skin started to itch as the hot Pacific, sun baked
the jism into her skin. Robert walked up behind her. With an open hand he
slapped Susan in the back of the head very hard. As Susan pitch forward from the
blow Robert roared at her, "Slut! It's time to start the FAGGOT'S lessons now.
Place your face on the deck, so that your nose is pushing into the deck. Then
stick that heinie up high, with the legs spread wide and knees locked. And don't
move from that position. Also inform the FAGGOT what's going to be in the first
lesson.

   Susan assume the position that Robert commanded her to take, then informed
her husband, " I am showing with Robert's help show how a faggot can fuck a
pussy instead of packing little boy's in the ass."

   "Very good slut, lets get started then, shall we." Remarked Robert.

   Whack! Whack! Frank slapped James across the balls with his strop while
barking, "FAGGOT! You best pay attention there will be a quiz after the lessons.
And you really don't want to fail it!"

   With her ass stuck up high and her legs spread wide Susan felt the light sea
breeze flow thorough her gaping pussy, causing her pussy muscles to quiver. Her
muscles tense as Robert place the fingers of his left hand on her left ass
cheek. His fingers lightly trace their way around to the right ass cheek,
sliding into the deep dark furrow of her ass crack, down to her gapping pussy
lips. The sensitive pussy flesh quivered as his finger gently wiggled into the
hood of her clit. Flicking her clit gently with his forefinger started her pussy
juices to start flowing, despite the rage and humiliation that she was feeling.

   Sliding two fingers into her pussy and pumping them in and out churning the
pussy juices Susan begin to moan with pleasure. Slowly he pulled his fingers out
of her pussy and inserted his cock into the pussy. Slowly sliding his prick in
and out. With every forward thrust he pushed a little more of his ten-inch cock
into her dripping cunt, until the tacky cum-spittle covered hair of his groin
pressed against her rump. Susan's hips slowly gyrated and she thrust her hips
back as she became envelope in sexual heat. As she approached an orgasm Robert
let loose his own. He dumped a huge load of jism into her wanton pussy. Pulling
his softening cock from her jism-dripping cunt. Then his fingers played with her
clit until her body shuddered with her own orgasm.

   Patting her pussy with his left hand while speaking softly, "That FAGGOT is
how you please a slut."

   Susan turned a beet-red as she realized that she just had an orgasm with
another man with her husband watching. She groaned and sobbed in humiliation. A
humiliation that was severely deepened as Frank and Robert picked her up by the
arms and legs. They carried her over to her bound husband, then planting her
sopping, dripping wet pussy on her husband's face. The dildo that was stuffed in
his mouth parted Susan's pussy and the combined fuck juices of Robert and her
flowed out of her cunt coating her husband's face. Every time her husband
breathed in some of the fuck juices would be sucked up his nose causing him to
gag and snort the fuck juices back into her twat. Tears of pure tormented shame
streamed down Susan's face as she sat there on her husband's face, as Robert
continued the lesson.

   "See all of that thick, sticky, slimy cream oozing from the pussy? The
inflamed pussy lips that are puffed out, swollen with lust? The engorged clit,
that makes the button nice and hard. Feel the muggy heat stemming out of the
pussy? Smell that sweet aroma? That's how you can really tell that a slut has
really enjoyed the fucking she just had. You just don't get all of this great
stuff when you pack a boy's ass now do you? Do you want to suck up some of that
cream? No! You would rather continue to suck down that yummy piss and shit
cocktail. Well all right I'll save you some in case you change your mind. Okay!" 
With that Robert rammed four fingers into Susan's cunt and scraped out the mixed
fuck cream onto her husband face, then scooped puddles of the mixture into her
husband eye sockets and ears.

   Frank dragged Susan off of James by her hair. Thudding to the deck Susan let
out a yelp. "Get your ass back over there in the fucking position so you can
continue the lesson, Bitch," roared Frank

   Scrabbling on her knees back to the spot where Robert had just raped her,
Susan planted her face on the deck, hoisted her ass up with her legs spread
wide, with fuck cream still dripping from her pussy and waited.

   Susan groaned and sobbed as Frank started another one-sided conversation.
"Well, FAGGOT! See how much better a bitch pussy is over a little boy's ass? You
do! Well that's just great FAGGOT. Do you want to try one on, FAGGOT? What? You
find it hard to go cold turkey from corn-holing little boys in the ass. Well,
FAGGOT that's what's so great about a bitch!"  WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Frank
slashed Susan's ass with his strop. "Not only can you enjoy a bitches steamy
twat. There's also a asshole on them just like a little boy's, that can be
reamed out." As Frank spoke the last few words without any preparation he rammed
his cock into Susan's ass until his balls slapped against her slopping twat.

   Susan howled as Frank's cock ripped through her ass. She had never had been
fucked in the ass before. She always though it was totally perverse, now here
was Frank slamming in and out of her ass; with none of the tenderness that
Robert had shown as he fucked her pussy.

   Franks cock started to slide a little easier by some type of lubrication. "Oh
God!" Susan howled as she realized that the lubrication was her own blood. Frank
was tearing the lining of her rectum as he pounded his cock in and out of her
ass and blood was seeping out of the rips. Frank shot his load deep into her
ass. Her ass felt like it was on fire as the salty jism leeched into the open
wounds along her torn rectum.

   As Frank pulled out of Susan's ass he swatted her round fleshy rump with the
strop and barked "Kneel, bitch!"

   Susan dropped to her knees. Her ass still burning, as jism leaked from both
her rectum and pussy, as Frank walked in front of her

   With mirth in his voice Frank went on with the lesson. "Faggot! Another great
feature about a bitch is after you pack it's ass..." slashing the strop across
the tops of Susan's breast he commanded "Open your mouth, bitch!" then continue
talking to James   "You have a cleaning station handy..."

    Susan retched as Frank stuff his cock into her mouth. A cock that was
covered with a frothy coating of her shit and blood mixed with Frank's jism.

   "Clean it, bitch! Roared Frank as he slapped the strop across the left side
of her face.

   Susan sucked and bathed Frank's cock with her tongue, as Frank continued to
talk to her husband.

   "...Not only is a bitch a great cleaning station, Faggot. But a bitch is also
a handy depository for waste" Grasping Susan's ears Frank yanked Susan's face
into his crotch and told her to "Suck hard, and swallow bitch!" Then he started
to piss into Susan's mouth.

   Susan started to spit the vile liquid out, But she change her mind when Both
Frank and Robert threatened to beat her to a bloody pulp if she let one more
drop of piss come out of her mouth. She gulped down every drop of the vile piss
down her gullet.

   As Frank finished pissing in Susan's mouth Frank walked over to James and
finish talking to him. "So FAGGOT, as you can see a bitch is quit versatile. So
what do you say FAGGOT! Do you want one? Can't quite decide yet FAGGOT..."
SMACK! With a closed fist Frank punched James in the groin. James eyes
fluttered, the shit and piss streamed from his nose, then he slump loosely in
his bindings.

   "Slut! Look at our clothes on the deck; you're fucking wrinkling them. I want
them folded one at a time and place on the bench back there on the stern. Then
come back and assume the position, Slut!" Robert yelled as he lashed her back
five times with his strop.

   Frank slapped her face four times, twice on each cheek and added. "Bring us
out belts first. We may need them. And stay on your knees the entire time,
BITCH!"

   Reaching down and picking up the belts one at a time with her teeth she
delivered the proper belt to each owner. Going back to the clothes on the deck
she tried using her tied hands to fold the clothes but the fingers refused to
move being completely numb from being tie tightly for to long. She cringed,
waiting for one of the belts to lash out of her when Frank spoke.

   "Bitch I suggest that you plop down to the deck on those boobies of yours and
use your teeth to fold them one at a time, staying down on your boobs until the
article is folded, then get back on your knees and deliver it to the stern.
After returning back from the stern assume the full kneeling position and start
on the second article continue until all of our clothes are folded and laid out
neatly, in order for each of us. Jeans on bottom T-shirts on top. Oh! By the way
that FAGGOT has asked Robert and me to play, 'Put The Strips On The Zebra' until
you are ready to restart class. Okay? Good! See you in the kneeling position
when you're done. Oh! And tell that FAGGOT what the next lesson is when you get
done with the laundry.

   Holding her head back Susan fell forward on to her breast, searing white pain
filled her breasts as they slammed into the deck and her body weight try to
crush the twin balloons flat. She started folding the first article of clothing,
as the first belt lashed across her husband's body. During the second time she
fell forward on to her breast the left breast rubberbands popped off sending
unimaginable pain through her breast as blood rushed back into the discolored
breast and waking the nerves that were dormant while the rubberbands were
wrapped around it's base.

   She expected ether Frank or Robert to come over and punish her and or put the
rubberbands back on the breast. However they were highly amused by the way that
her right breast bounce around while her left breast flopped around, as she
continue her laundry duty. Frank only warned her not to let the other breast pop
out so the reaming falls were done on the left breast to avoid popping the right
breast rubberbands off.

   As Susan raced back and forth, both Frank and Robert looked up to the bridge
seeing Al there look out of the open bridge aft window smiling down at them. All
three brothers held up their thumbs and grinned.

   By time Susan had completed her forth laundry trip and took up her proper
kneeling position and looked at her husband, he indeed looked like a zebra. A
zebra with stripes that had gone crazy, ever square inch of the front of his
body had been struck violently by one of the two belts even his cock and balls.
The two Anderson brothers were still beating him when she screamed "Please
Frank, Robert, I'm done with your clothes there are all folded and on the bench
waiting for you. Please stop beating him. Please!"  The two sadistic men
continue to beat her husband paying her no mind at all.

   Trebling with fear that they were going to beat him to death, she remembered
what Frank had told her to say upon completion of the laundry duty. Racing
through her mind the sexual acts that she had performed with Frank and Robert
she came up with the next lesson. She spoke in the calmest voice that she could
muster "Faggot the next class is about to start. This lesson is a demonstration
of how a bitch can suck cock till it cums. Presented by Frank, Robert and myself
the slut / bitch. Thank you for coming to class today faggot."

   Frank and Robert stop there beating of her husband. He was still breathing.
In shallow but steady breaths, but he just hung limply in his bonds. Only an
occasional muscle twitch showed any signs of life in him. With look of concern
on there faces the two Anderson's look back and forth at themselves and her
husband. Begin speaking to each other in cautious tones.

   "What do you think Frank?" Robert asked his brother.

   "I don't know Robert. Let's lay him down flat."

   "I don't think it help Frank"

   "Well let's take the gag out and loosen the cable around his neck, Okay
Robert."

   Susan try to see what was happening with her husband but all she could see
was her husband up thrust pelvis and the backs of the Anderson's brothers. She
almost got up to help him but she stopped cold. So far the Anderson's were
helping her husband and she didn't want to anger them to the point that they
shifted their concerns from him to vent their anger on her. So she just knelt
there waiting in her position, knees wide, back straight, breasts thrust out and
straining to see.

   "That helped a little, Frank. I think!"

   "Lets lower his pelvis that should do it don't you think Bobby."

    "Okay I'll do that while you try to listen for a heart beat. Okay Frank."

   "No Bobby! I think I should keep the neck extended so that the airway is kept
clear. There some breathing but I don't want to risk cutting off the air supply.
Hurry up and lower the pelvis. Then you check the heart. Okay."

   I'm lowering it Frank I'm lowering it as fast as I can." Robert looked up
from the jack at Susan with sorrow in his eye. Slu... Susan, get over here and
listen for a heart beat. And let Frank know if you hear one. Quickly Susan!"
Robert said with almost pure panic in his voice.

   Susan raced over on her knees and placed her head on her husband's chest with
her head facing Frank. And listened for a heartbeat. As she took up the position
to listen for a heartbeat in her husband, Robert stood up. Frank aligned James
head so that it pointed straight at Susan's head that was on her husband's
chest.

   With joyous glee Susan said, "I hear one! I hear one! His heart is beating."

   Then in unison the voices of both Frank and Robert change from one of deep
concern to a sinister laughter. "Good to hear that BITCH, for the FAGGOT'S,
little piglet is ready to come out of the oven."

   Susan starred at Frank trying to understand the sudden change in the two men.

   Continuing in unison Frank and Robert said, "And sense a FAGGOT has no pussy
for the piglet to get out of the oven with. So they have to come out of the
FAGGOT'S COCK SUCKING..." 

   What was this about a piglet? They had referred to her daughter as a piglet
when they were saying that her husband was pregnant with a child of his own. "Oh
God; NO! Susan screeched as she realized what the two men were up to.

   Robert jumped on James's super-extended stomach, just as the two brothers
finished their statement. "M-O-U-T-H-!"

   Susan didn't reacted fast enough as a solid stream of piss, shit and bile
came spraying out of her husband's mouth completely drenching her head with the
vile liquid and at almost the same instance a continuous bone shattering scream
reverberated through out the yacht, emitting from the bridge.

   As the scream died down, Susan heard Frank and Robert, even Albert in the
distance from the bridge roar. "POP GOES THE CHERRY!"

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 08




   log Entry Number 09:

   making a fucktoy
    

   Edna snaked in to the shadows, and made a brake for the bridge where there
was a short wave radio to call for help. They would need help; lots of help to
save them from these hellish evil men.

   Al followed Edna up the ladder at a leisurely pace cupping his groin and
licking his lips and stroking his hard cock through his pants.

   Bursting onto the bridge Edna grabbed the mike to the radio and screamed into
it "Mayday, Mayday! Help us, Oh God Help us!" She pleated into the mike. Dead
silence was her only answer. She frantically reeked the microphone and repeated
her pleading. Spinning around as she herd a low laughing voice from behind her,
and saw the ominous form of Al standing by the closed bridge hatch.

   As Al stepped into the bridge he watch Edna pound on the radio with one of
her dainty fist as she continue to desperately plea into the microphone. A grin
spread across his face, as he secured the hatch and dogged it "It may help if
you turn the radio switch to transmit / receive, Honey Pot."

   Edna stared at the microphone in her hand then the radio, then at Al.

   "Go ahead Honey Pot try it." Laughed Al.

   Edna lunge at radio, her fingers searching for the transmit/receive switch.
When she notice that the switch was broken she glance over at Al who was
standing with a shock look on his face.

   "I'm truly shock Honey Pot, a rich man like your daddy buying such a shitty
rust bucket. Lights don't work, compass out of kilt, engine that won't stay
running. Hell this rust bucket not safe, Daddy should at less spent a little
more dough to get a radio that had a transmit/receive switch on it."

   Scramming, "My father is not cheep! This boat worked just fine till that
accursed brother of yours came aboard and sabotage it." The useless mike slipped
from her hand and clattered to the deck, as Edna charged at Al. She charged Al
with her hands poised to gouge his beady eyes out.

   Al easily dodged her feeble attempt, then shot a balled fist toward the point
of her chin.

   "Uuunngh!" Edna's head snapped back and she started to slump down to the
deck. Al caught her under one arm and jerked her back to her feet whirling her
around and jamming her voluptuous body against the console. Her hip length red
hair was tightly braided into a single braid that acted like a whip as he spun
her around then falling down her back ending just above the firm globes of her
ass cheeks. Al yanked her wrist behind her back. Ripping the mike cord from the
radio he used it to tie Edna's wrist so tightly the cord dug deeply into her
skin cutting off her circulation.

   Spinning her back around to face him Edna grunted, tugging against her bound
hands. "Won't do you any good," Al snarled. "You just be a good little girl and
don't try nothing else. You are already going to pay for running away and trying
to scratch me." Al snapped, as he started to rip off Edna's clothes. Scattering
her shredded blouse, shorts, bra and panties around the bridge. Within seconds
Edna was completely nude.

   Al eyed the young teen supple figure. Her massively full, tight breasts were
capped with sand dollar size aureoles with fat strawberry color nipples that
look ripe and sweet for sucking and chewing. Her slender belly was slightly
concave, lean and smooth, giving her narrow waist a sweet waspish look. It was
rippling as it churned with desperate pulses. Al's lustful eyes roamed down to
her pussy that had a thick and full forest covering it. The thick fiery red hair
completely hid her slit, the bushy strands reached down both sides like a
drooping mustache.

   Edna moaned meekly as Al pushed her higher up onto the console so that she
was laying on it with her wrists pinned under her and her ass hanging off its
edge and her long lean shapely legs draping down almost to the deck. Al grabbed
Edna's knees and spread them wide and stepped between them. He licked his lips
as he peered down at the plump moist twat. Slapping one of his massive hands
down hard onto her twat with a squishing sound he clasped a hand full of cunt
hairs as he closed his hand in to a fist.

   Edna screeched and arched her back up to ease the pain that shot through her
cunt. Al lifted his hand pulling the cunt hairs with it. "Yeah bitch! I'm gonna
be your Lord and Master from now on! Cunt, you're gonna do exactly what you're
told to do and when to do it. You're going to be my sluttish slave! You're gonna
be my Fucktoy! Got it!" snarled Al, as he opened his fist, releasing her cunt
hairs.

   Edna made muffled whimpers, staring at Al with enormous, frightened hazel
eyes. The sadistic brute reached out slapped his big paws along the outside of
Edna's quivering knockers, smashing them together then pulling his paws back,
then in. SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! Al banged Edna's mammary glands together over a dozen
times. "Understand BITCH!" he snarled.

   Edna's twisted and turned in agony as her breast turned a rosy pink from the
abuse that was inflected upon them. "YEEESSS! OHOOO GODDD YEEESSS! she wailed.

   Clutching his groin Al snarled,  "Good! Now bitch I'm going to slide this
thirteen dong of mine into that twat of yours. Okay!"

   "NOOOO! OH PLEEEASSSEEE, I'mmm a  Virrrginnn!" Edna moaned.

   Clamping his huge, powerful hands over her firm youthful breasts and digging
his fingers into the spongy tissue till the white flesh oozed between the
knuckles. He twisted and wrenched at them viciously. Al growled, "I didn't ask
you if you were a CHERRY, BITCH! I told you that, I'M STICKING THIS DONG OF MINE
UP YOUR TWAT!"

   With tears streaming down Edna's eyes she howled and winced as pain shoot
through her mangled breast, as Al twisted them to and fro like the dials on the
short wave radio.

   "You're going to haul that plump little rump of yours to the chart table. Lay
on your back upon it. Spread your legs wide and wait for my dong." Growled Al as
he continued twisting and pulling her breast with ever-increasing force.
"Understand!" he snapped.

   Edna's lips trembled, she gulping for air, her body twitched and jerked with
convulsions of breath-starving pain. "YEEES" she sobbed.

   "All right then, haul ass." Al said with a deep chuckle, and released her
breasts.

   Sobbing Edna looked down at the angry red handprints that covered the tops of
her throbbing pain filled breast. Edna slid off the helm console onto wobble
legs. She took a few steps towards the chart table before she turn and ran down
the ladder heading to the galley. She ran through the galley, up the staterooms
passageway and through the open hatch of her parents' stateroom. In her patents
stateroom she climb up on their bunk and curled into the fetal position at the
head of the bunk sobbing and shaking violently. She didn't hear Al enter the
stateroom or the hatch close behind him.

   Al was completely unconcern with Edna's flight. No mater how long she tried
to run, she was very limited where she could run and hid on the yacht. Al
grinned like a Cheshire cat as he followed his mouse that scurry down the
ladder. In the galley he stopped long enough to soak a towel in water and
retrieve a curtain rod, then resume tracking down his scurrying mouse.

   While the young teen laid sobbing on her parents bunk Al place the curtain
rod he was carrying down on the dresser. Al was wrapped one end of the wet towel
around his hand. "Fucktoy, didn't I give you something to?

   Not moving from her fetal position Edna stuttered while sobbing,  "Please,
No! Don't rape me! Leave me alone Please! I'm a virgin... A virgin! Please
don't!"

   No sooner had the words left Edna's mouth Al started to rain blow after blow
across her naked body with the towel. Edna sobbing turned to howls as the tip of
the wet towel bit into her flesh. Edna writhed around in shear agony until she
rolled off the bunk and crash to the deck, then the thrashing stop.

   Al barked three quick orders, "On your back! Spread your legs! Push your
pussy up in the air!"

   Edna quickly complied with Al's orders. She lay on the deck with her pussy
obscenely thrust out towards Al. She waited in that position for Al to rape her.
Even in her wildest dreams did Edna expect what Al did next.

   THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!

   Al delivered two harsh; quick blows with the curtain rod on each side of
Edna's pussy slit. The teen screamed at the top of her lungs as her bottom
collapse to the deck. Edna tried to bring her bound hands around to comfort her
searing pussy flesh but Al step on her hands.

   "Leave that cunt alone Fucktoy, or I beat it until it bleeds! Growled Al then
he removed his foot from her hands. "Put them hands at the small of your back
and keep them there! Spread them and quit that blubbering!"

   Edna choked back her cries, thrust her hands under her just above her rump
and slowly parted her legs.

   Al stepped between Edna's legs and pressed his left foot atop of her pussy,
while he pushed Edna's left nipple deep into her breast with the tip of the
curtain rod. "Fucktoy! Are you going to do what I told you to do? Or do I use
this... (Al pushed Edna's nipple further into her breast with the curtain rod)
...on your boobies?

   Edna responded to Al. "The table! The table, I'll climb up on the chart table
and let you put your thing in me." Edna sobbed.

   Pushing harder on her tit with the curtain rod and grinding his foot into her
pussy mound Al growled, "What thing and where do you want it to go."

   Edna screaming from the searing pain roaring through pussy flesh and the
sharp pain racing through her left breast as she felt the curtain rod tip press
against her ribcage through her breast. In a raspy quivering voice, "Your cock!
I want you to put your cock in my pussy!"

   Al yanked the curtain rod off Edna's left breast and rasped his foot over her
pussy as he barked, "Fucktoy! Shut the fuck up and stick your feet up in the
air!"

   Edna ground her teeth together to prevent her from screaming and lifted her
feet high in the air.

   Al grabbed both her ankles in one hand while he caned the soles of her feet
with the curtain rod. "Didn't I tell you that I was your Lord and Master?"

   Edna tried to hold back her sobbing but the pain across the bottom of her
tender feet was too much, "Yes! Yes dear God Yes!" she sobbed.

   As Al continue to cane Edna's feet he bellowed, "Then you had best start
using my title when you're speaking to me! Understand, Fucktoy!"

   The bottom of her feet felt as if they were ablaze especially the tender arch
areas. Edna could hardly be understood through her stridulations "Yes, My Lord
and Master, I understand.

   Al stopped caning the bottoms of Edna's feet and started tracing her toes
with the curtain rod weaving the rod between each toe. "Good, Fucktoy, good. Now
once again what is it that you want me to do. Where you want me to do it, and
what you want me to do it with. Nice and pretty now."

   "Please, My Lord and Master would you, please have sexual Interco..."

   THWACK, THWACK, THWACK, THWACK!

   Aaarrrgggeee! Aaarrrgggeee! Aaarrrgggeee! Aaarrrgggeee!! Please my feet!
Please, My Lord and Master don't hit them anymore! Please!

   After striking Edna's feet with the curtain rod Al dragged the rod across the
top of her toes and growled, "You're not asking your sluttish mommy for milk and
cookies! Start again and you best use words that a fuck toy would use or I beat
these dainty tootsies until they are dripping blood. And Stop that whining!"

   Edna ran through all of the vile words that she could think of as she choked
back her sobs. Then in a sweet, cracked and quivering voice restarted her,
request for the lewd and obscene act that Al wanted her to perform and in the
way he wanted. "Please My Lord and Master, I want you to fuck me, in my virg...
cherry cunt with your wonderful hard cock. Please My Lord and Master do that for
me."

   Dropping Edna's feet Al barked, "Then get to your feet, haul your buns to the
chart table and lay on your back upon it. Spread your legs wide and wait for me
to ream you out."

   Wincing Edna scrambled to her feet and quickly retraced her steps back to the
bridge on the outside edges of her feet. Al followed behind Edna swatting her
rump with the tip of the wet towel all of the way. The nonskid groves of the
ladder dug painfully into Edna's tenderize feet as she ascended the ladder. On
the bridge Edna skinned up onto the chart table laid upon her back and spread
her legs wide and waited for Al to rip her virginity from her.

   While Edna waited atop the chart table trembling like a leaf Al stood next to
the starboard bridge wing hatch and bellowed. "Spread those legs wider! All the
way to their limits! Good! I want you to maintain that position and don't move.
Not even, a fraction of an inch. Count every hole in those acoustic tiles in the
overhead. Out loud. The count best; be correct!"

   Edna thrust her legs wider and started her count in a raspy voice, "Yes, My
Lord and Master, One My Lord and Master, two My Lord and Master, three My Lord
and Master, four My Lord and Master, five My Lord and Master...."

   Louder Fucktoy " Al barked.

   "Yes, My Lord and Master." Edna continued her counting in a louder voice,
"Six My Lord and Master, seven My Lord and Master, eight My Lord and
Master..."She heard him undogged the hatch and open it. "Nine, My Lord and
Master, ten My Lord and Master..."

   Al stepped through the hatch and turn to look at Edna's luscious body. Her
entire body glistened with beads of sweat. Her firm large breast quivered and
rose with every gasping breath that she took. Her pussy, ass cheeks and legs
were covered with bright red lines from the beating he inflected upon her with
the towel. Lying on her back, with her ass slightly elevated do to her wrist
being tied behind her back. Her legs spread to their limit pulled her cunt open
allowing the pink entrance to her fuck tunnel to be seen through her bushy
forest. Counting with a cracking voice. "FUCKTOY! LOUDER! I CAN'T HEAR YOU FROM
OVER HERE." He growled at the teen.

   Edna increased the volume, her voice cracking even more "Yes, My Lord and
Master. 28 My Lord and Master, 29 My Lord and Master, 30 My Lord and Master..."

   Smiling Al closed the hatch and dogged it; cutting off the sound of the
teen's counting. He burst out laughing. Al climbed onto the roof of the bridge
and jumped on to the port bridge wing of the Scorpion and entered the bridge of
his vessel.

   **********

   On the Scorpion's bridge Al heard his daughter lustful moans of pleasure
mixed with Mary's painful groans and slurping sounds. He walked over to his
daughter. With one hand he yanked Mary's head back and thrust his other hand
into his daughter's cunt. "Any thing to report Sweet Pea?

   "No ships with in fifty miles, Captain. Helm Bitch has suck and lick six
orgasms from my fuck tunnel, Captain." Piped the fourteen-year-old in a squeaky
voice that denoted her state of sexual arousal.

   Al removed his hand from his daughter's twat and shove Mary's face back into
the dripping wet twat. He licked his fingers clean of his daughter's love cream.
"Comfy Helm?"

   Though every muscle in her young body was painfully cramping Mary responded
with a very enthusiastic "YES, Captain!" as she resumed her licking and sucking
of the pubescent sex box in front of her.

   Well that's good to hear, but I know how boring it can get just sitting
around doing nothing. So when I told Bobby how bored you get he rig a special
surprise for you." Al pressed a button on the Captain's chair and a puff of
white powder escape from the barrel from around Mary's neck. "That my dear Helm
is itching powder. The wetter it gets the more active it becomes. Boy, the
things that young whippersnapper can come up with to keep you bitches happy.
Enjoy it! And don't forget to thank Bobby latter for his gift." Al snickered as
he left the Scorpion's bridge and return to the Random Access.

   The accrued powder was all ready doing its evil job. Mary's entire body was
itching, and with her hands clamped out side of the barrel she couldn't scratch
a single spot. The young teenager that was stuffed in the barrel let out an
anguishing cry into a fourteen-year-old pussy as she continued to suck and lick
it.

   **********

   Back aboard the Random Access Al snapped the radio antenna off its mount with
his burly left hand. Flicking his wrist to test the flexibly of the antenna Al
thought to himself "Ya! This will do a much better job on Fucktoy then that
curtain rod." Al climbed back down to the bridge wing and opened the bridge
hatch.

   1,755 My Lord and Master. 1,756 My Lord and Master. 1,757 My Lord and Master.
Edna voice was a very horse crackle barely audible.

   Al walked on to the bridge and notice that she had brought her legs in some
to ease the strain on them. He was expecting that. "FUCKTOY, GET THEM FUCKING
LEGS SPREAD TO THERE MAX. IF I CATCH YOU WITH THEM NOT MAXED OUT AGAIN I WILL
BRAKE THEM. MAX THEM NOW BITCH!"

   Edna snap her legs out to there maximum extension and continued her counting
"1,758 My Lord and Master. 1,759 My Lord and Master. 1,760 My Lord and Master."
There was a slight increase in the volume, but Al knew her voice would very soon
increase dramatically in volume. So he let her continue in the low rumbling
raspy voice. He placed the antenna on the chart table and walked around the
bridge opening every window and hatch on the bridge. After removing his clothes
Al stepped between Edna's wide spread legs and pulled her towards him until her
ass hung over the edge of the chart table.

   Al used his right hand to peel open Edna's pink cunt lips open, and used his
left hand to line up his massive cock with her cuntal opening. He wedged the
massive mushroom head of his cock, just at the entrance of the virginal fuck
hole. The warm puffy folds of Edna's cunt lips closed around his cock as he
lifted his hands and clamped them around Edna's narrow waist. "Ahh! Nice, tight
and dry," Al moaned.

   "Please sir..." Edna started to speak, but an angry, dagger eye glance from
Al cut her request short and she resume counting. "1,918 My Lord and Master.
1,919 My Lord and Master. 1,920 My Lord and Master..."

   With just the bulbous head of his steely fuck rod resting just at the opening
of Edna's vagina, Al look out of the bridge aft window down at his brothers
leaning over James. Susan was on her knees watching the trio.  He watched Susan
rush over and rest her head on her husband's chest; Al returned the thumb-up
sign that Frank had flashed. He gripped Edna tightly around the waist as Robert
stood up. He watched Robert jump. As his little brother landed on James's
stomach and saw liquid eject from James's mouth to splash onto Susan's face, Al
plunged his thirteen inch long, three inch thick cock to the hilt into the
virginal cunt of the young teen laying on the chart table.

   At the top of her lungs Edna let out a continuous bone-shattering scream that
reverberated throughout the bridge and the rest of the Random Access, as Al's
massive cock shredded her hymen to pieces with one savage thrust. Edna's bone
shattering scream even made the bridge of the Scorpion rattle. Causing
Elizabeth, and Mary to shudder to the core and begin sobbing. Then the bridge of
the Random Access became stone silent as Edna went limp. Blissful darkness set
in as she fainted.

   As the last note of Edna's scream died Al in unison with his brothers
bellowed...

   "POP GOES THE CHERRY!"

   Edna's stretched virginal cunt acted as a suction cup as Al pulled his cock
out of her. His, cock make a wet sucking pop as it cleared her cunt. Looking
down at the cunt that had blood running through the thick red bush to splatter
onto the deck. He then looked at his blood-coated prick and smiled. Thinking, to
himself, "Man-O-man that was great! It's been much, much too long since I had
cherry! Shit the last time was over two years ago when I took Sweet Pea's. Now
that was a really tight fuck tunnel. Hell, the first few times I was real
careful with her being my daughter and all. I didn't ram my entire boner into
that little twat until the tenth time. But with Fucktoy here BANG to the hilt
the first time. It's much better this way. Me and the guys are going to have to
get more cherries."

   Edna let out a low groan and twitched involuntary as Al grasping her pussy
hair. "Good she's not too far under." Al dragged Edna further up the Chart Table
until her rump was resting on the table. "You should be safe here." Al stated to
the young unconscious teen. Al left a blood trial that drip off his swing cock
as he walked around the bridge closing the windows and hatches. He paused
momentary at the starboard bridge wing hatch. He listened to Susan's struggles
and pleads as she tried valiantly to reach her daughter, while his brothers
tormented her. After securing the starboard hatch Al went over first aid kit.
Opening it he took out several ampoules of smelling salt. Walking back over to
the young unconscious teen, he shoved his thick cock into the blood-dripping
cunt to the hilt. He broke one of the vials of smelling salt and shook it under
the teen's nose.

   Edna let out a weak mournful moan, rolled her head back and forth. Her pale
face had an innocent, quizzical look to it as her eyes flutter open, then it
screwed into one of pain and horror. As the horrible realization set in and
agonizing pain returned.

   Al smiled with pure joy as the transformation ran its course. The tightest
pussy that he's had in a long time was tightly squeezing causing the muscles to
ripple through his entire body, including his cock that was practically being
crushed. He waited until Edna's glaze eyes cleared a bit and her mind once again
was focus. "Fucktoy 'O' Fucktoy" Al whispered in a low sweet voice, as he patted
her tummy. "Do you hear me Fucktoy?"

   Edna weak quivering voice responded, "Yes I do."  As she became more focus.
Wondering if it was all over. She still could painfully feel his massive cock in
her very sore cunt, but the pain was subsiding a little.

   "You ain't going to sleep on me are you Fucktoy?" He sweetly asked, as he
continued to pat her stomach lightly.

   "No. I don't think so. But I hurt down there real bad. Can you take it out
please? She asked meekly.

   "Not just yet Fucktoy; I don't want you fade out on me. Are you sure you are
okay? What's your name, Fucktoy? How old are you?" Al continued in the sweet
voice while he lightly traced the outline of his cock that was still rock hard
and buried deep in her.

   "Yes, but it still hurts real bad down there. Hum Edna Jane Garner. Eighteen,
I just turned eighteen last night. Oh! Please take it out. Pleeasse!" Edna moan,
as she started to shift her hips a little and trying scoot up the chart table
trying to ease the pain in her cunt.

   "Can you stay still for me Fucktoy? If you slip you'll hurt yourself badly.
So just stay very still for me. Well, well you are very lovely little girl. I'll
start to pull out of your box shortly. Okay! Do you hurt anywhere else other
then your pussy?" Al cooed while lightly patting her Venus mound.

   Her face lit up and she became perkier, as she heard that he would be pulling
the hard rod that was stuffing and stretching her tender pussy, out of her
"Aright I'll try, but it still really hurts bad. Thank you. Oh, yes please take
it out please. Hum my, bottom still hurts a little and my feet are stinging."
Her voice came back stronger, louder, and clearer. My br-br- breasts are still
throbbing and sore. Her cheeks blushed as she started to talk about her breasts.

   "Poor little Fucktoy, here this will help them." Very lightly he brushed his
fingers over and around her breasts and began to licking around and flicking his
tongue softly over the fat nubs. His mouth making slurping and sucking noises as
he move his mouth back and forth from nipple to nipple, flicking his tongue on
the very tip as just before the nub was out of range.

   "Oh yes! Yes, it makes them feel good" she cooed.

   "All right Fucktoy, I'm going to start to pull out now." His voice sounding a
little funny to her and little bubbles appeared and popped as out going air and
saliva mixed as he spoke to her as he continued to suck and twirl his tongue
over and around her breasts and nipples.

   "Yes! Oh, yes, thank you, thank you. Yes, take it out. She moaned happily.
Between the soft stroking of his fingers mixed with the action of his mouth and
tongue, her mind was becoming confused as the pleasure from her breast merged
with the pain ragging through her pussy started her clitoris to pulsate and her
cuntal fluids to start to flow. She began to purr. Al's mouth made one final
slurping, sucking, sound and his tongue flick the very tip of her fat left
nipple as he begin to stand up. His fingers moved up her breast to the aureoles
and nipples, twirling his in the salvia that was on the perk nipples.

   "Fucktoy! "O" Fucktoy" Al whispered. Smiling with a wide grin as he saw and
felt the changes in the teen's young body.

   "Yes" she cooed. Her breath was becoming deep and rapid.

   "Fucktoy, this may hurt a little coming out, okay. I'll have to go slow or it
may hurt more, okay. Ask me to stop if it hurts too much, okay Fucktoy. Repeat
what I said, okay. Let me know when you are ready for me to start pulling my
cock from your cunt, okay Fucktoy." Al spoke in a very soothing voice as
continued to play gently with her nipples.

   "Okay I understand, it may hurt coming out. Need to go slow. All right, I'll
ask you to stop if it hurts too much. Take it out now please, Oh! Please take it
out." She pleaded.

   Whistling gleefully Al slowly begin to pull his thick cock out of Edna cunt.
Once again his cock made a sucking noise as the fuck tunnel walls clutch his
massive dong. As he pulled out the top of his cock brushed up against her clit
making it vibrate. Al watch Edna face cross between pleasure and pain and back,
as the soothing, warm glow spread from her nipples, and breasts to join the
erotic quivering sensation from her clit. The painful stabbing and burning that
was ripping along her cuntal wall was merging with the waves of pleasure whipped
Edna's nerves into a wild sexual frenzy.

   Edna began to see this rapist in a new light. Not as a brute but as a tender
loving man. As he continue to talk to her sweetly and twirl her nipples. "Sure
his prick hurt going in. But doesn't all first time intercourse hurt? And he was
big. God was he big!" Edna though to herself she felt nervous shivers, tense
little waves of excitement rush through her body. She felt she stretched cunt
walls collapse, as his cock slowly withdrew from her cunt.

   Edna closed her eyes and let her mind flash back to Wayne her boyfriend;
whose cock was the only she had ever seen before this day. She even licked it
once, a few weeks ago. Wayne tried to get it in her mouth but she couldn't bring
herself to do it. She did let him slide his hand under her sweater and into her
brassier to let him stroke her ample mounds of flesh as they sat on the sofa
watching a romantic move on the TV. But that was the extent of Edna's sexual,
experience that she had ever gotten into. If Al's humongous prick could fit in
her, though very painfully, then Wayne's small five-inch cock would easily fit
in. She licked her lips and chewed them thinking about it. Her attention was
snapped back to present. Her eyes locked quizzically on to Al's rugged face, as
the outward movement of his cock stop just short of her pussy entrance.

   Al had been watching the teen as he withdrew his cock from her cunt. The
blissful look on Edna's face told him that she was getting sexually excited.
When she closed her eyes he knew that she was lost in a past sexually
experience. He knew that it soon would be time as his was nearing the end of its
trip out of her cunt.

   As Al's mushroom head of his cock neared the opening of the teen's pussy he
stop pulling out of her. The changed of expression on her face from blissful to
one of bewilderment, made Al giggle with amusement. "Fucktoy, oh, Fucktoy." He
spoke softly with a touch of concerned in it. He stopped gently caressing her
breasts with his fingers, letting palms rest lightly on her nipples letting his
fingers drape down the sides of her breasts.

   Edna's eyes popped open and look directly at him nervously.

   "Fucktoy are you all right? I'm not hurting you am I, Fucktoy?" he fought the
urge to grin.

   "Huh, yes, yes. No!" Stammered Edna

   Al cocked his head quizzically.

   "I mean, No you're not hurting me. Finish taking it out please." Grasped the
teen.

   "Are okay Fucktoy?" Al raised his voice a little, adding more concern in it.

   "Yes I'm fine, please don't stop, and finish taking it out, please!" Her face
turning a beet red from being caught thinking about Wayne. Now the big man was
thinking that he was hurting her again. He had stop taking his cock out of her,
concerned for her safety, comfort, and well-being.

   "Are you sure, Fucktoy? You're not going to go to sleep on me again? Are
you?" adding even more concern to his voice and cocking his head. His heart
started to race.

   "Yes I'm all right. No! No I'm not going to faint on you. I'm doing fine.
You're not hurting me at all." She gasped.

    "Are you sure, Fucktoy?" Al asked fighting hard not to give it a way yet.

   "Yes I'm fine, please finish taking it out, please! Do you need me to do
something for you?" she quizzed him.

   "Good, Fucktoy," his face change from a concern look to a big grin, eyes
twinkling. "I'm doing great!" Al chirped.

   Edna smiled back.

   "Yes! You can do something for me Fucktoy." Al quickly closed his massive
hands into tight fists squishing her breast till the spongy tissue once again
squeezed through his fingers. "YOU CAN SHUT THAT FUCKING YAP OF YOURS!" He
bellowed as he shoved his hips forward and jerking her breast down with all his
strength. He rammed his oversize cock back up her snatch until his balls slapped
her ass. "I'M GOING TO DRIVE MY FUCK ROD IN AND OUT OF YOUR NASTY TWAT, LIKE A
JACK HAMMER! UNTIL I EXPLODE IN YOUR TWAT AND FILL IT WITH MY JISM! YOU'RE GOING
TO STAY AWAKE FOR EACH AND EVERY STROKE AND YOU'RE GOING TO LIKE IT, YOU DUMB
FUCKING BITCH!"

   Edna screamed, "NO, NO, NO, you'll ruin me! Please, I beg you don't do this!"
Edna broke down in deep racking sobs, which rapidly turn into one continuous
screamed at the top of her lungs till her voice cracked. After that only a low
crackle came out. Her hips bucked, twisted, bowed and shimmied in a vain attempt
to get away from the massive cock that was plowing into her tight snatch. Her
breasts were yanked every which way. Either by Al's savage yanking or her body
twitched and jerked with convulsions of agonizing pain. Her, lips trembled the
breath-robbing pain made her gulping for air. Edna felt Al's mammoth cock
reaming out her bleeding cunt. Stretching the virginal tissue pass its limits
till the tissue ripped. Her blood was her only lubrication. Every savage thrust
was not so much for his pleasure but rather for her pain.

   She felt the head of his cock slammed brutally in to her cervix bone, his
heavy balls slapping her ass. She received no pleasure, only pain. She saw Al's
body stiffen, and felt his ball sack tightened as it slap her ass. Suddenly hot
salty jism fired in rapid pulses into her cunt. She thought that the jism flow
would never stop. The jism eased the friction on her cuntal walls. But the
piston in and out of his cock mixed the jism with her blood turning the mixture
into frothy pink goo that filled her cunt to the brim. Which then squirted out
of her cunt making rude squishy, bubbling sounds as the sticky jism flowed down
her legs, to her feet and dripped onto the deck.

  


CLOSE LOG ENTRY 9




   Log Entry Number 10:

   crew training 102

  

   After hearing her daughter scream Susan tried to rescue her. With shit, piss
and bile dripping from her face and hair Susan scrambling first to her knees
then to her feet. Hearing the roaring, sidesplitting laughter from Frank and
Robert, as she racing over to the bridge ladder. She scaled the first five steps
before Frank grabbed the leash stopping her short. Straining against the leash
as the spikes of the collar dug deep into her throat, cutting off her air
supply. Her leg muscles twitching with the strain as she tried to continue to
scale the ladder. Her attempt to come to the rescue of her daughter ended. as
Frank yanked on the leash. The force of the yank pulled Susan backwards and she
tumble down the steps that she managed to scale, landing with a hard thud on the
deck. Once on the deck Frank grabbed Susan by the hair, dragging her to the
stern. Susan bucked, thrashed, kicked and howled like a bangee all the way to
the stern. Passing Robert whom had retighten the cables around James's body and
neck. And was now jacked her unconscious husband's groin back up.

   At the stern Susan continue to thrash and buck, while wailing " My daughter!
Let me go I need to help my daughter! Frank please let me go! That bastard is
killing my baby! Frank I need to get to Edna! Goddam, you son of a bitch let me
go!"

   As Susan continued to bellow to be release, Frank smiled down at her. Susan
reminded him of a fish out of water, the way she was flopping around the deck,
as he continued to hold her by the hair. Looking up momentarily, Frank saw his
little brother heading their way.

   After securing James to the board, Robert joined Frank and Susan at the stern
of the yacht with the two belts. After receiving one of the belts from Robert,
Frank let go of Susan's hair. They allowed Susan to scramble back onto her feet,
heading back to the bridge ladder. Before Susan completed her third step Frank
and Robert started basting her with their belts. As Susan struggled to reach her
daughter, the down pouring of the belts took, their toll. At first Susan was
running to her daughter, then she was staggering. As the belts continue to rain
down on Susan she went from staggering, to crawling on her knees, to squirming
on her belly as Susan reached the base of the ladder the onslaught from the
belts stop.

   As Susan thrash about on the deck in agony, she thrust her shoulder onto the
first step while pleading  "Aaaggh! No, please have mercy, Frank, let me see my
daughter! Please, just let me see if my baby is okay, Frank, please!"

   As Susan wrenched her shoulder up the second step, Frank knelt down next to
her. Speaking through the ladder railing in a stern voice, "Slut I don't know of
any daughter around here. I've heard a squealing piglet a little while ago. Is
that what you are talking about, Slut"

   As Susan's body burned from the lashings from the belts Susan struggled to
the third step while weeping. "No more games, Frank, just... Please, just let me
see my daug... AAAAGHGHH!" Susan howled as Robert slashed her ass with his belt.

   As Robert's belt rested on her throbbing ass, Susan gasped and wept, her ass
burned, lips trembling as she formed the words that Frank and Robert wanted to
hear. "Frank, Robert, please let me see the piglet on the bridge. Please!"

   Susan's pain wrack body reached the forth step as Frank continue to speak to
her in a stern voice. "Sounds like a good idea. I would love to see what makes a
piglet squeal like that myself. So if you can get your lazy ass up there we can
see what made the piglet squeal."

   Sobbing platitudes to Frank and Robert, Susan continued to scale the ladder
on her belly, with Robert following closely behind her. Just shy of the top of
the bridge ladder by three steps Robert grabbed Susan's ankles stopping her, in
a startled voice said, "Oh my, really! Yo Slut! The FAGGOT has reminded me that
you promise to demonstrate how a slut gives blowjobs. So I guess that you need
to return to the main deck and show the FAGGOT, how to suck cock till it cums."

   Susan howled in total disparity as Robert began to drag her back down the
ladder. As Susan bounce down the steps on her breasts, searing pain ripped
through them. The under side of her breast and stomach were rubbed raw as Robert
deliberately dragged Susan across the non-skid strips on the deck. Stopping next
to James bound, semiconscious form.

   Letting go of her ankles Robert barked one word. "Kneel!"

   Coiled up on the deck in the fetal position, her back striped like a zebra.
Her front rubbed raw. Susan screamed incoherently, jerking uncontrollably, sweat
streaming from every pore, as her whole body burned in unbearable agony.

   Frank crouched down next to Susan's head, leering at her. Plowing one of his
massive hands between Susan's thighs, grasping a hand full of pussy hair. Frank
yanked Susan's hips up off the deck by her pussy hair. Frank growled, "Bitch! If
you're not on your knees, ready to suck cock pronto. I'll have Al slice the clit
off that piglet up there, run it through that fancy blinder in the galley, then
pour it into the FAGGOT'S, piss and shit cocktail."

   Susan bounced on her flaming red rump as Frank released her pussy hair.
Totally dejected Susan struggled to her knees and opened her mouth. The front of
Susan's body glimmer in the sun a bright crimson red, as hundreds of small
droplets of blood seeped from the abrasion running from the under side of her
breasts to the top of her pubic mound caused by Robert dragging her across the
deck's non-skid.

    "Now, slut apologize to the FAGGOT for forgetting about him and let him know
what the next lesson is going to be. Nice and sweet and clear." Frank barked at
Susan.

   Susan, using every bit of her energy to clam her voice, spoke to her husband.
"I am very sorry faggot, for forgetting about your lessons. I am giving
demonstration on how a bitch can suck cock till it cums. Presented by Frank,
Robert and myself the slut / bitch. Thank you for coming to class today faggot."
With prodding from Frank, Susan added, "Faggot I am very sorry that I am more
interested playing with that piglet on the bridge, then being a good instructor
for you. And I can understand faggot, if you are angry with me. I beg you to for
you to forgive me, faggot. If not, faggot I'll understand it if you want to
punish me after the lesson." Susan's voice quivering as she spoke the last part
of the statement.

   James moaned with pure hate in his voice, "You bustards leave my wife alone,
or I'll rip your fuc... Aaarrgggeee!"

   James, howled in pain, gurgled up more of the vile liquid from his gullet and
his skin went blanch, as Frank punched him in the nuts several times.

   "Shut the fuck up, FAGGOT!" Frank barked, while James, gasped for air.

   Robert stood in front of the kneeling Susan; using his hand to swing his
pencil thin, oddly shape cock to and fro, letting his cock slap across Susan's
face. "What do you want to do, slut?"  Asked Robert, as he continued to flick
his cock across Susan's face.

   Sobbing Susan replied, "I want to suck your cock until it cums in my mouth.
To teach the faggot, how a slut does it."

   Robert slipped his cock in Susan's mouth "Nice and slow, with lots of tongue
action, Slut!" Robert commanded.

   Still gasping James growled, "I'm going to kill you bast... Owww!
Aaarrgggee!"

   Punching James in the nuts several more time, Frank warned James if he didn't
shut up that he would stuff the dildo back in James mouth.

   Susan's head bobbed, back and forth along Robert's prick, sucking and
licking, licking and sucking, As Robert stood passively in front of her. His
pointy cock stabbing her tonsils and sliding down her throat every time her nose
was buried into the putrid forest of Robert's groin. She nibbled very lightly on
the tip while sucking hard on each backstroke. With in a few minutes, Susan felt
Robert's muscles tense and the tasted jism as it started to jet out of the slit.

   "Hold it, slut! Don't swallow that cum! Let my cum full up that mealy-mouth
of yours. You hold my cum in there till I tell you differently." Roared Robert

   Pulling his cock out, Robert filled Susan's mouth up with his sticky, gooey
jism. As his prick tip left Susan's mouth Susan sealed her lips together, as
Robert pinched off the jism flow with his left hand.

   With his right hand Robert grabbed Susan by the hair, "Follow me slut!" he
order.

   Susan followed Robert on her knees with a mouth full of his jism. He led her
next to her husband's head. Robert pulled on her hair forcing her to bend over
her husband's face.

   Robert barked one word "SPIT!" as he kicked Susan in the ass.

   Susan parted her lips and ejected the mouth full of jism onto her husband's
face. Pulling on Susan's hair Robert shoved the tip of his cock back in her
mouth, easing the grip of his left hand around his cock, allowing his jism to
fill Susan' mouth once again. "Hold that jism, slut. Robert barked. Yanking her
head back over her husband's face, "SPIT!" Once again Susan sprayed the jism
over her husband's face. This cycle repeated until Robert's cock was dry. James
face was plastered with a thick layer of sticky, slimy jism mixed with Susan's
spittle.

   Robert knelt next to Susan, pinching her nipples tightly while whispering in
her ear, as she relayed. "See faggot a slut can make a real man cum!" Both Frank
and Robert roared with laughter.

   Snorting jism that filled his nose and covered his mouth James bellowed, "You
bustards are fucking hist... Omff! OWWWW! ARRRGGEEEEE!"

   Frank jumped into a kneeling position on top of James's chest. In rapped
repetition, Frank rammed his elbow in to James groin until James went slack jaw.
Stuffing the dildo back in James's mouth and using the duct-tape to seal and
secure it in place.

   Robert tugged back on Susan's hair forcing her backwards until she was laying
on her back with her rump resting on her heels with knees spread wide. Frank
squatting down over Susan's hips, his prick swinging to and fro above her. Susan
got ready to suck on Frank's cock that hovered inches above her. As Frank start
another one of his one sided conversations with her husband, she cringe. These
conversations always meant that something painful, degrading and humiliating was
about to happen to her.

   "Well FAGGOT! As you can see a bitch can suck and lick on a cock till it
blows. FAGGOT, another versatile thing a bitch can do with her mouth... What's
that you say FAGGOT? You say a little boy can do every thing that a bitch can
do. Well, well now FAGGOT how, about that pussy action? No! You got to be
kidding me, FAGGOT! Well, FAGGOT you would still rather repacked little boy's
asses then fuck a bitch? What's that FAGGOT! The only thing that a bitch is good
for is to crap on! Well, well now I don't know about that FAGGOT. I've never
done anything like that. Well if you really think it's the greatest thing, sense
the creation beer. Well I'll will just have to try it out myself, FAGGOT!" 
Frank let loose with a steady stream of watery shit. Walking forward on his
hunches, Frank covered Susan from her pussy mound to her eyes. Aahhh! That was
good, FAGGOT, but I don't think it will replace using a bitches three holes."
Frank stated, as he and Robert roared with laughter.

   Susan had been right Frank was up to some humiliating act; she now, lay on
the deck with Frank's shit that covering her as the sun baked the shit into her
like a second skin. Her skin burned as watery acidic shit, mixed with her blood
and seeped into the abrasions that covered her front from being dragged across
the deck's non-skid. Susan laid there wishing that this ordeal would end or that
the Anderson's would just kill her as Frank and Robert rummage through the
footlocker that Frank and Al had brought onboard with them.

   "Position, slut!" Robert barked.

   As Susan struggled to her knees she glanced up to the bridge on hearing her
daughters painful screams. Even before she could even attempt to go to her
daughter's aid, Robert begin slashing her back with his belt.

   "I didn't give you permission to stargaze, SLUT! Get that ass of yours
between that FAGGOT'S legs and stare at its prick! NOW SLUT! Frank has got
something to show you, slut"

   As Susan complied with Robert's order she felt the dried shit crack across
her skin and some of the shit flake off of her. Taking up her position between
her husband's legs, she saw Frank, standing there filling a syringe with a milky
liquid.

   Grinning Frank remarked, "Your going to love this, bitch!"  As he rammed the
syringe in the base of her husband cock and injecting the milky substance as
Frank slammed the plunger home.

   Through misty eyes Susan, peered pass her husband's elevated groin and down
to his contorted face. She heard her husband let out a continuous muffled scream
behind his cock gag. Thinking that Frank had read her mind and was in the
process of killing them. Starting with her husband.

   Perspiration bubbled up from her husband's pours and his entire body twitched
as muscle spasms ripped through him. Some flesh color object rising up into her
field of vision obscured her view of her husband's blanched face. Refocusing her
eyes on the object, Susan realized what was obscuring her view was her husband's
penis.

   Her husband's was getting stiff. She knelt there watching her husband penis
reached its normal erection size. Then to her amazement it continue to swell
getting longer and thicker the veins standing out vividly, the flesh tone
changing to a deep purple. His scrotum was clamping his testicles; as if the
normally loose sack was trying to crack open the testicles within. By time her
husband penis stopped swelling his normal five-inch cock was now stretched to at
less seven and a half-inches and it was at less an extra half-inch thicker. The
extend cock was as hard as an iron pipe, twitching up and down in rhythm with
his accelerated heartbeat. Susan couldn't believe how large her husband's cock
had become. At the same time she realized that the enlarge cock was causing her
husband immense amount of pain.

    Robert knelt behind Susan, as she was transfixed on her husbands over
swollen cock. In Robert's hands were two ankle cuffs that were made from steel.
The inside circumference of each cuff lined with over two dozen eighth-inch
steel spikes pointing inward which would perforate the flesh as it closed around
the ankle.

   As Robert place a cuff around each of Susan's slim ankles her concentration
on her husbands cock was shattered as the spikes dug into the tender skin of her
ankles. Each cuff was a half inch too small for Susan's ankle witch made the
cuff severely tight, this along with the spikes lining the inside of the cuff
prevented the cuff from coming off the ankle as they were clamped into place.
Needle like pain shot through both ankles, which raptly diminished as the ankles
went numb from the lack of blood flow.

   Standing up behind Susan, Robert lashed her back with his belt as he barked
"STAND, SLUT!"

   With the tight fitting cuffs that bit into her ankles severely restricting
the movement of her Achilles' tendons, and the spikes chewed her ankles raw,
Susan struggled onto her feet. The muscles in Susan's legs rippled as she stood
with her legs spread wide, a steamy stench assaulted her nose and her body,
begin to itch wildly as her sweat remoisten her spunk and shit covered body.

   Robert spun Susan around until she was facing towards the stern. Frank and
Robert picked Susan up, spreading her legs wider apart forcing her pussy lips to
separate. Her fuck tunnel gaped, wide open as she was carried over to her
husband and dropped. Her husband's hyper-extended cock speared deeply through
her cunt, the tip of his cock knocking at her womb's door as her ass bounce atop
of her husband's groin. Squirming Susan tried to adjust to the cock that filled
her, as Frank and Robert secured the ankle cuffs to the board that her husband
was strapped to.

   "Stand, bitch!" growled Frank.

   Lifting her buns off of her husband's groin Susan stood, but still an inch
and a half of her husband's hyper-extended cock remained buried up her cunt.
Susan repeated what Frank whispered in her ear. "This is going to be your next
lesson, faggot. I'm going to bounce up and down on your cock, faggot. Riding it
like a bronco until you cum, faggot. Then faggot you will know how it feels to
cum in a bitches cum box." Susan groaned, knowing that not only would the ride
cause her further pain to her already battered and bruised cunt. But that her
ride on the over inflated cock of her husband would also cause him pain not only
in his cock but also in his arms and legs that were still secured under the
board. "Aaarrrgggeee!" Susan bellowed as Robert slashed his belt across both of
her breasts.

   "Start riding, slut!" roared Robert.

   Susan started pumping her hips up and down along her husband's hyper-extended
cock as gently as she could. Owwww! Owwww! "Aaarrrgggeeee!" screamed Susan.

   Robert slashed Susan's breasts several times more while yelling at her. "Move
it slut! Ride that FAGGOTS cock hard and fast, or I'll rip those tits of yours
off with this belt."

   "Owww! Owww! Aaaarrrrrggggeeee! Owww! Owwww!" Susan bellowed as Robert rained
his belt over her breasts. She thrashed and bounced on the overly engorged cock
in her cunt as fast as she could. As her speed and tempo picked up Robert
stopped beating her breasts with his belt.

   "Good! Now SLUT keep it up until that FAGGOT blasts his wad into that nasty
snatch of yours. Chuckled Robert.

   Through tear filled eye Susan saw the two younger Anderson brothers watching
her breasts. The left breast flopping to and fro obscenely while the right
breast that was still ballooned out by the rubberbands around its base bounce in
rhythm with her cunt as it rode her husband's super engorged phallus. Her skin
tone deepened to a rosy-red as the two men whistled, clapped and made catcalls
while Susan humped, her husband's rod. After several minuets of vigorous humping
Susan heard, Frank speaking to her.

    "BITCH! The FAGGOT, doesn't look like he's enjoying this the way he should.
Maybe you should lock that cunt of yours around the FAGGOTS prick and put a
little hip action into it, to get that FAGGOT to spurt. If I don't see that
FAGGOTS cum leaking from that disgusting fuck box of yours pronto, both Robert
and me are going to beat those melons of yours until you do." Snarled Frank as
he doubled the belt, he began snapping the halves together with gun like pops.

   Susan's trembled as her flesh broke out with goose bumps over her entire body
as menacing sound of the belt popping ringed through her ears.

   Susan's cunt felt as if it was on fire as she sped up her bouncing on her
husband's cock, while clamping her cuntal muscles around it and started gyrating
her hips in a small circle. Susan was trying her best to make her husband to cum
in her pussy, to avoid the lashing across her tender breasts. Susan heard her
husband muffed screams, as the board creak as she road her husband's cock.

   James was in terrible agony. The pain from the pressure of his bloated
phallus felt like it was going to pop like an over filled balloon at any second.
The mushroom crowned head had none of the tingling sensation that normally
occurred as he engaged in sex. The nerves were numb, only the terrible pain
raged on He felt the jism building up in his already tight scrotum, putting even
more crushing pressure on his testicles. But no mater how hard he tried he could
not ejaculate. The constant movement of his wife's cunt did nothing for his cock
except rub it raw. And the board smashing into his arms and legs made them feel
as if they were being pulverized, as his wife bounced up and down on his cock as
she continue to ride it. James would had shattered his teeth as he clamped his
jaws together from the pain but the fake cock stuffed in his mouth save his
teeth from that fate.

   As Frank and Robert walked towards her while raising the belts, Susan cringed
and wailed, "I'm trying, Frank! Really I'm trying my best to make my husb... the
faggot to cum into my pussy. I'm doing every thing that I can think of to make
the faggot cum. Pleeeeaseee! Don't hit me any more! Pleeeaseee! I'll get the
faggot to cum! Please Frank, Robert, do not hit my breasts again Pleeeaseee! 

   "Then we suggest that you get the FAGGOT to fire his rocks off quickly." Both
brothers said in unison as they started to lash Susan's breasts with their
belts.

   Owwww, owwwww, owwwww! Aaarrrgggeee, owwww, owwww! Pleeeeaseee! Stooop,
pleeeeaseee! Susan screamed, howled and thrashed about as the belts rained down
over her tit flesh. Susan tried every thing to get James to ejaculate but it
didn't happen. Frank and Robert continue to slash her breasts until Susan
slumped backwards. James cock bending with her cunt as her back flopped down
onto his chest. The barbs from the cables holding James to the board dug into
Susan's back and trussed up arms, as she laid there with the burning pain ripped
through her whipped breast. Susan panting and groaned as she looked through tear
filled eyes up at Frank and Robert hovering over her with broad grins plastered
on their faces and snickering.

   "Well slut, that was some ride you gave that FAGGOT." Robert said in an
ironic tone. "I guess that FAGGOT really has no interest in pussy's after all.
But don't give up hope yet, SLUT. You just rest there with that FAGGOTS prick
stuck in your nasty twat and catch your breath, then slut you can try again.

   The two younger Anderson brothers moved out of her field of vision above her
head. A few moments later she heard them rummaging through their footlocker of
torture devices again. Whispering in sobbing tones to her husband, "James! You
have got to cum don't fight it any more! Just cum into me! I can't take much
more of this beating. So please James just cum into my cunt. Please, James!"
Suddenly Robert appeared in her vision slashing his belt across her stomach
"Aaarrggeea! Owwww, owwww! Please stop! Please!" Susan wailed.

   "Slut! If you have enough energy to talk to that FAGGOT, then you have rested
long enough so that you can continue the lessons, slut!" Robert growled as he
grabbed her hair, dragging her back atop of her husband's groin. "Slut, stay
squatting on that FAGGOT'S dong and wiggle that ass of yours back and forth."
Barked Robert.

   With James's cock still imbedded deeply in her cunt, Susan ground her hips in
a circle as she sat on her husband's groin. Robert stood next to her holding a
flay-knife. Robert pressed the knife's pointy tip just above her cunt drawing a
drop of blood. Susan froze, not even breathing as Robert drew the knife up her
lean body leaving a thin line oozing blood behind it. The knife only cut into
Susan's flesh very slightly, barely a scratch but it did draw blood. As the
blade went between her breasts he stopped the knife's advancement and laid the
thin blade flat across her breastbone. Sliding the dull edge of the knife
towards the breast that ballooned out.

   Giving into her body's overwhelming need for air Susan gasped in a lung full
of hot sea air, as Robert started digging the dull edge of the knife between
Susan's right breast and the rubberbands that encircled it. As each rubberband
passed over the knife's sharp blade resulted in it being cut and popping free of
Susan's breast. As the last rubberband popped free of Susan's right breast,
Robert pulled the knife clear of her body. Susan started gasping, howling and
thrash about on her husband's cock as fresh blood rushed into the discolored
breast waking the dormant nerves.

    What's the matter, slut! You didn't want the rubberbands off? Well I can
always put some more on. Do you want me to put more rubberbands around your
boobies? Robert quizzed Susan.

   "Yes! Yes Robert I did want the rubberbands off" Sobbed Susan, "No! Robert I
don't want them back on. Please Robert, leave the rubberbands off my breasts.
Please Robert. Please!"

   "Then I suggest that you stop that whining and get that ass moving and get
that FAGGOT to full your cunt with his jism. Or the rubberbands go back on both
breast." Robert barked.

   Susan began to ride her husband's hyper-erect cock once again, this time both
of her breasts flopped around obscenely. Praying, to herself that her husband
would ejaculate into her cunt soon.

   Robert poked Susan's pussy mound with his left-hand index finger while
shouting at Susan, "Slut! I don't see any FAGGOT jism leaking out of your fuck
box. I guess that you want these back on?" Robert was twirling several
rubberbands on his right hand index finger in front of her face.

   "Please Robert, I don't want the rubberbands back on my breasts. I'm really
trying to bring the faggot off, really I am! I'm really, really trying to make
the faggot cum in my fuck box. Please don't put the rubberbands back on my
breasts. Please Robert!" Susan pleaded as she increased her tempo on her
husband's cock.

   "Stop, slut!" roared Robert as he held the knife in front of Susan's face.

   With sweat pouring down her, and her body shaking like a leaf Susan staring
at the knife in Robert's hand. Her breast bobbing, up and down as she gulped air
into her lungs. "Please Robert! The faggot is almost ready to cum. Just give me
a little bit more time and I'll have the faggot cuming all over the place.
Please Robert, give me another chance. Just one more chance Robert, please!" 
Susan babbled.

   "I'm getting tired of waiting for you to get that FAGGOT to cum, slut. I'll
give you that last chance to get that FAGGOT to cum in your twat. If you don't
get that FAGGOT to cum in your fuck box not only will I replace rubberbands
around those boobies but I'll find something for that clitty of yours."  Robert
snarled, as he reached behind Susan's back with the knife and cut the leash that
bound her wrist together.

   Excruciating needle sharp pain rushed through Susan's hands, as blood was
pump through them. Susan's hands flopped down to her sides totally useless.
Robert grasped her forearms and held her hands in front of her face. Moaning and
looking through tear filled eye Susan, looked her hands over, as the white-hot
pain stabbed through them. Her hands were bloated twice their normal size and
they were a very dark purple, almost black color. Susan couldn't even make her
fingers move. They were stuck in the natural curve position. The fingers were
spread wide but due to the way they were bloated they still touched each other.

   Robert roared, "Slut! You're going to use these..." shaking her hands,
Susan's hands flopped around like a pair of marionettes with their strings cut.
"To bring both you and that FAGGOT off. You are going to use this one..." Robert
shook her left hand, "on your clit. And this hand..." shaking her right hand,
"to cress that FAGGOT'S balls." Robert slammed both of her hands down onto her
pussy mound. "Now get humping and fiddling, slut."

   Susan started to fuck her husband's cock once again, clamping her cuntal
muscles around the shaft. Trying with all of her might to get her hands to do
what Robert wanted her to do but her hands just would not move.

   "Well slut, what are you waiting for? Start fiddling!"  Robert roared as he
picked up the bag of rubberbands.

   Cowering as she saw the bag of rubberbands in Robert's hands, Susan pleaded
with Robert as she continued to bounce on her husband's prick. "Please Robert
I'm trying to use my hands but they have been tied too long. They just won't
work at all. I need some time for them to recov... Owwww, owwww, O-God Arggee!
Oooohhh!"

   Susan began bawling as Frank lashed into her back with his belt. "My little
brother has been treating you too kindly. I am sick and tired of all the whining
you've been doing "I'm trying, I'm tired, I'm almost there, I can't, they won't
work!" Well, BITCH that is going to STOP! It's going to STOP RIGHT THE FUCK
NOW!"

   The force of the blows across her back caused Susan to pitch forward, her
arms flopping uselessly, her husband's cock making a sucking pop as the cock
came out of her cunt as she crashed to the deck. Susan lay upon the deck in a
semiconscious state, as Robert released her ankle restraints from the board her
husband was strapped to. Frank and Robert left Susan withered in scathing pain
on the deck. Susan watched them as they unhooked the skiff from the hoisting
wench. Then they rotated the hoist over the centerline of the yacht, letting the
hook free fall to the deck. Then Robert drove two eyebolts in the deck six feet
apart from each other. Susan watched Frank walk first to the torture box,
pulling out a spray paint can then walked over to her husband and spray painted
his entire groin including the cock and balls a bright fire engine red. Frank
then spray painted her husband's eyes and both tits with the red paint.

   As the searing pain in her hands subsided somewhat she found that she was
getting some muscle control back in them. With effort Susan dragged her hands in
front of her face. Examining her hands Susan observed that they were no longer a
dark purple, they had faded to a deep dark blue. Some of the swelling had gone
down but they were still quite swollen, Pain stabbed at each of her finger
joints as Susan flexed them. More pain surge through her hands as she also
flexed her wrist. Deep angry reddish-blue lines were gouged just behind the
wrist on her arms where the leash had been tightly bound.

   Hearing the board that her husband was still secured to being dragged across
the deck, Susan shifted her gaze and watched the two younger Anderson brothers
pull her husband towards the back of the yacht's cabin structure. Though it sent
searing pain to rush up are arms, Susan continue to flex her wrists and fingers,
as Frank and Robert dropped the head end of the board next to the backside of
the cabin structure. Susan heard a muffled scream, from her husband as he landed
with a thud onto the deck. The brothers then drove two columns of five eyebolts
into the back of the cabin structure, wide enough apart to fit the board between
the columns.

   Glancing back at her hands noticing that the color had turned to scarlet-red.
She started to rub them together to help the circulation. The Brothers lifted
the board that her husband was bound to by the leg end, and sat the head end on
the deck. They spun the board around so that her husband faced the stern of the
yacht. The brothers then slammed the board against the cabin structure
in-between the eyebolts. Then they secured the board to the eyebolts. Her
husband was now upside-down and secured to the aft of the cabin structure, his
red painted hyper-swollen cock jetted out upside down from his crotch.

   The cock was still iron hard and over swollen. Susan couldn't understand it,
never before had her husband's cock had remained so hard for so long and no
matter what she did she couldn't make him cum. Normally it took less then five
minuets to make him gush. Bring her attention back to her hands, their color had
turn to a dull red bordering on pink. There was still immense pain, in them but
as she flex them no new pain shot through her hands. A shadow covered her face.
Looking up she saw Frank's dark silhouette blotting out the sun. Susan let out a
low groan, as she realized that her all to brief rest period was now over.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 10




   Log Entry Number 11:

   Tuning a fucktoy

  

   Al grunted, moaned, tossing his head from side to side. His body drip with
sweat. His fucking of the virgin teen's tight fuck tunnel was fast and hard
without letup. His lungs heaved, his heart was pounding his body shaking, the
pleasure streamed through his body, from the flushing in his face to the
tingling in his toes. As the last spurts of jism escaping from the still
churning cock in the tight virginal pussy, he collapsed on top of Edna, crushing
the spongy tit flesh into little pillows and chewed lightly on her left ear. Al
then screamed right into her ear,  "FUCK TUNNEL ONE IS NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS!"

   Both people laid there, panting and exhausted, one in tormented pain and the
other in sexual bliss. Al gave one last forward thrust letting the balls slap
her ass one more time. Then he stopped reaming her cunt with his massive cock,
leaving it buried to the hilt in her tortured stretched virginal cunt. Al
stopped yanking on her breasts and released them.

   Reaching for the red cylinder that hung from the necklaces that he had place
around her neck earlier. Then he pushed down on the little button on the top of
the red cylinder until he herd a click.  Al then wrapped his large hands around
Edna's slim waist. Squeezing Edna's waist tightly Al pushed his hands up her
torso squishing and kneading her soft flesh as he went. When he reached her
neckline he grasped the red necklace cylinder once again. Al gave the cylinder a
half turn then with a slight tug the cylinder split in two. The part that
separated from the necklace was glowing brightly like a car cigarette lighter.

   Al hissed "Nice first ride, Fucktoy!" Al then pressed the Glowing end of the
cylinder into Edna's flesh just below her left ribcage.

   Edna, begin to buck and howl as her flesh burned under the red cylinder. When
Al lifted the cylinder Edna bore a brand of the letter "A" upon her midsection.
Al then rejoined the two sections of red cylinder together and twisted it to
lock it together.

   Edna lay under Al limply gazing, without seeing at the overhead, helplessly,
as his jism and her blood churn in her loins like fire. She was weak. And near
shock from brutal taking of her hymen and her branding. Her mind was too
traumatize to get her wits together, all she could do was writhe in agony on the
chart table as jism leached from her ravaged cunt to form a pool beneath her on
the deck, as tears streamed from her eyes.

   Al stood up and in one swift; squishy, sucking, move yanked his massive cock
out of her tightly stretched twat. The teen tried to cry out but only weak
crackling moans came out of Edna's mouth as she squirmed atop the chart table in
shear pain.

   "Now that's how a Fucktoy should sound." He chuckled. As Al walked away from
Edna she slipped off the Chart table collapsed in a heap on the deck not moving.
Al headed for the galley ladder and went down to the yacht's galley. Rummaging
in the reefer Al pulled out some chicken and a six-pack of beer. Back up on the
bridge he saw Edna right where he left her. She was laying on her side on the
deck, rocking slight, moaning to herself, with pink color jism leaked out of her
pussy and forming a large pool beneath her. He walked over to her shaking his
head, he nudge her with his toe in her ass. "Tisk, tisk Fucktoy, "O' Fucktoy,"
Al said using a low voice. "Look at the mess your making." Not getting a
response from the moaning teen he kicked her harder in the ass, "FUCKTOY!" Al
shouted.

   "Ugh, yes." She croaked. 

   "Are you listening to me Fucktoy?" Al asked.

   "Yes I'm listening to you" Edna moaned hoarsely.

   "Good! Turn over onto your back and look up at me, Fucktoy" Al said in a
stern voice.

   "Please, let me rest for a lit.... OWWW 'O' God" she yelped as Al kicked her
even harder with his foot.

   "NOW! FUCKTOY!" Al yelled.

   Edna grunted as she rolled on to her back and look up at Al.

   Al sat in the chart table chair, leaning back in the chair he place the beer
and chicken on the chart table. Al pulled one of the cans of beer off the
plastic ring carrier; pop the tab to open it. He finished the first beer in
three gulps then threw the empty can at his fuck toy's head. He watched the can
bounce off her head and bounce across the deck, while he open another beer.
Picking up a chicken breast and started to eat it. He watched her squirming on
the deck as she tried to find a position that caused her the less amount of
pain. An evil grin spread across his face. "Fucktoy. I'm going to explain ten
standing orders to you. ONCE! If you fail to obey them, you will be severely
punished by my brothers or me at our whim. Knowing how ditzy you teenage
airheads can be, I have some thing here to help you remember each and every one
of the ten standing orders. Al placed the chicken and beer on the chart table
and picked up the antenna. Al stood and leaned over the sobbing teen.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   Edna howled and squirmed across the deck as Al laid ten quick stout lashes
across her body with the antenna. Al followed the writhing teen as he softly
spoke in an academic tone. "Fucktoy, these are your ten standing orders to avoid
being punished. So keep them perky little ears tuned in.

   Whack! "First standing order: My brothers and I are your lord and masters.
Use it whenever you speak to my brothers or me. You forget that. You will be
severely punished by my brothers or me at our whim."

   Whack! Whack! "Second standing order: My brothers and I are always right. At
no time are you to contradict us. If you do contradict us, you will severely
punish by my brothers or me at our whim."

   Whack! Whack! Whack! "Third standing order: Do exactly what you're told to
do, how to do it and when to do it. If my brothers or I have to tell you a
second time you will be severely punished by my brothers or me at our whim."

   Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Forth standing order: You will respond
immediately to your handle, such as slut, bitch, cunt, Fucktoy, slave or any
other handle my brothers or I choose to call you at our whim. So you better pay
attention. If we have to call you a second time you will be severely punished by
my brothers or me at our whim."

   Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Fifth standing order: You will eat,
drink, lick, suck, chew sallow, sample, try, sip, nibble or use your mouth in
any fashion you are commanded to. Or you will be severely punished by my
brothers or me at our whim."

    Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Sixth standing order: You will
not try to escape, run away, fight, talk back, ignore or resist in any way. Or
you will be severely punished by my brothers or me at our whim."

   Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Seventh standing order: You
will not use any form of communication with your parents, any other toy or life
form failure to do so will result in you being severely punished by my brothers
or me at our whim."

   Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Eighth standing
order: You will take any thing that is inserted in your mouth, twat, poop-chute
or any other openings that my brothers or I come up with. Or you will be
severely punished by my brothers or me at our whim."

    Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Ninth
standing order: "You will leave anything clip, tape, tied, wrap, draped,
secured, or place on or in you, your parents, any other slave, or life form, Or
you will be severely punished by my brothers or me at our whim.

   Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Tenth
standing order: You will perform to the letter any instruction given to you,
that my brothers or I can come up with. You will perform these instructions
immediately, speedily, correctly and happily. Or you will be severely punished
by my brothers or me at our whim."

   Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Those
are your ten standing orders. If you fail to follow any of them, or do anything
else my brothers or I tell you to do. You will be severely punished by my
brothers or me at our whim."

   Ed crawled and squirmed on her belly, her back, and her sides all over the
yacht's bridge. But no mater which way that Edna twisted and turned Al followed
her lashing at any exposed spot on her youthful form. Her candy-striped flesh
was on fire from the scourging she'd taken, as Al explained the standing orders
to her.

   "Fucktoy, do you understand the standing orders?" Al asked with a gleeful
tone. "Fucktoy, answer my questions with my title, until I tell you not to
speak." He added.

   "Yes, My Lord and Master" Edna replied with her crack voice. The seventy-five
stripes burned intently as she tried to keep the standing orders in her head.
One thing was clear to her though. Her body was going to suffer terrible, cruel
and painful abuse at the hands of the Anderson brothers no mater what she did.

   "Very good, Fucktoy! Now, that you do its time to get that lazy ass to work.
See that mess you made on the deck. I want you to wipe it up now."

   "Yes, My Lord and Master." Groaning Edna pulled her knees up to her chest and
rolling onto them and then stood up. It was tricky to keep her balance without
the use of her arms to use as counter balance or leverage; they were still
tightly tied behind her back by the microphone cord. Her legs were rubbery, but
they held. She started to walk on the outer edges of her feet to the galley
ladder to get the cleaning supplies. She winced as her still painfully sore cunt
lips rub together as she walked. The microphone that was dangling from its wire,
that was bound around her wrist bounced around as her thighs hit it sending
small pin like pain through her bound hands. As she walked to the ladder she
left a spotted trail of pink spots as the bloody cum mixture continue to drip
from her cunt.

   Al watched Edna struggles as she got up off the deck and started for galley's
ladder. He knew full well that being a complete novice to his bizarre sexual
world that she wouldn't be needing any cleaning supplies to clean the cum up off
the deck. She would only need her body. Just as she got to the top of the
galley's ladder. He called out to her in a stern voice but he wore a large grin
on his face. "FUCKTOY!"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master," Edna said, as she stop and turned to face him.
Panting heavily she leaned against the bulkhead.

   "Where are you going?" Al asked his eyes gleaming.

   "I'm going down stairs to the kitchen to get something clean the floor with,
My Lord and Master" she squeaked.

   "No! No! Fucktoy, First things first you happen to be on a boat right now not
land. You will use nautical terms only." he paused thinking this is going to be
fun, then barked  "CUNT! WHAT'S THE FUCK THE MATER WITH YOU!"

   Startle Edna's whole body shook and her eyes darted back and forth with fear
in them and a gnarling pain spread through her stomach." I... I... dooon't
knooow Myyy Lorrrd and Masssterrr," she stammered.

   "I AM TIRED OF SEEING YOU LOUNGE AROUND! FROM NOW ON YOU ARE TO STAND ON YOUR
FEET WITH YOUR KNEES LOCKED. YOU ARE TO BE BENT OVER AT THE WAIST WITH YOUR BACK
STRAIT UNTIL IT IS PERPENDICULAR WITH THE DECK. YOUR HEAD WILL BE TILTED BACK AS
FAR AS IT WILL GO. YOUR HANDS BEST BE CLASPED UP HIGH BEHIND YOUR BACK. AND
THOSE FEET BETTER BE SPREAD VERY WIDE APART! YOU ARE TO ASSUME THAT POSITION
WHENEVER YOU ARE NOT DOING A JOB! YOU, FUCKING DUMB CUNT! YOU FUCKING BRAINLESS
CUNT YOU ARE NO LONGER ALLOWED TO LEAN, SIT OR LAY DOWN! UNLESS IT'S PART OF
YOUR JOB! YOU, FUCKING DIMWITTED CUNT! NOW ASSUME YOUR POSITION, YOU FUCKING
BLOCKHEADED CUNT!" Al screamed at her.

    Yeesss, Myyy Lorrrd and Masssterrr," she continued to stammered, pulling her
shoulder off the bulkhead and assume her instructed position. Wobbling as she
fought to maintain her bent over position.

   "Now let see, where was I? Hmmm? Oh Ya! That... (Pointing to the bulkhead
that Edna had been leaning on.) is a bulkhead, not a wall. You are standing on a
deck not a floor. You are standing next to a ladder not stairs. Understand,
Fucktoy."

   Yess, Myy Lorrd and Massterr," she continued to stammered, but clearing.

   "Good. Now second you don't need any thing from down below. I want you to
come back over hear in front of me. Then I'll tell you how to clean up that mess
you made. Edna started her trip back towards Al. Leaving more of pink jism and
blood dots on the deck. By time she was standing in front of him, Al finish the
chicken and the second beer, He tossed the containers onto the deck behind him.
He popped open the third can of beer.

   "Yes, My Lord and Master." The walk back had calmed her down, but her voice
still crackle when she spoke,

    "Fucktoy, I want you kneeling on the deck, back strait, titties jutting
out."

   Edna knelt down before Al with her back strait thrusting her youthful firm
breasts out. She dolefully looked up at Al. He looked like mighty titan Cronus
sitting upon his throne to the cowering teen.

   Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!

   Al laid six quick blows across Edna's breasts with the antenna. Leaving
behind three purple welts on each of her breasts. "FUCKTOY! NO MATER WHAT
POSITION YOU ARE IN! STANDING, SQUATTING, SITTING, LAYING OR ANY POSITION YOU
FIND YOURSELF IN, THOSE LEGS HAD BEST BE SPREAD AS WIDE AS POSSIBLE!" Al barked.

   Still rocking from the blows across her breasts and with tears streaming down
her face, Edna snapped her knees wide apart.

   While sipping on the third beer, Al rotated the chart table chair to the
right placing the kneeling, sobbing teen to his left and the gooey pink cum pool
behind him and slightly to his left. Sticking his feet strait out and grasping
the chart table with his right hand for leverage and he turn his head to the
left, locking his eyes onto the kneeling teen's, and with a stern voice. "This
is how you clean up that gooey mess, cunt." Keeping his eyes locked on hers he
raptly swung the to the left. The side of his foot slammed into her left breast.
Edna was knock over to the right, with a right spin. She fell to the deck with a
bouncy splat. She fell onto her breast smashing them between her and the deck
and her face splash into the gooey cum pool on the deck. Al eyes followed her
fall all the way down "Perfect!" he said, his eyes gleaming.

   Edna lay stunned for a few moments on the deck face down in pink cum her nose
bleeding into it. Fresh pain ripped through her breasts from the fall and foot.

   "Cunt! That's for breaking standing order three. I told you to wipe your mess
up. Not clean it up. Then you were told to it 'NOW'. Instead you wondered off on
your own and didn't do your job." Al barked.

   Edna sobbed and started to stir. Tears ran down her cheeks, along with the
blood from her noose drip into the pink goo on the deck.

   "Listen, you air-headed cunt. Take that sluttish face of yours and wipe up
that gooey mess of yours off that deck. And do it NOW!" 

   Edna started rotated her face back and forth, to and fro, in the pink color
jism. As drops of blood from her nose and droplets of tears fell in to the pink
goo. The back and forth movement of her face through the sticky gooey mixture,
churn it together making the gooey batter a darker pink and moist. Edna's entire
body glowed, a bright pink from the humiliation as she used her face like a rag.
Her face from her left ear to her right ear was coated with the gooey mixture
that had leaked out of her ravaged cunt.

   Al was sitting back in the chart table chair watching Edna rub her face in
the gooey cum mixture. He had finish the third beer and was on the half way
through the forth, when he lean forward in the chair. With humor in his voice
spoke to Edna, "Fucktoy, use your boobies now." Snickering he continued, "finish
wiping up that mess of your with those Bazooms."

   Edna moan as she pushed herself up, pulling forward, then lowered her sting
breast in to the gooey mixture, while twisting her chest to and fro. Soon her
lovely, throbbing breasts were also coated with the sticky jism. Only a thin
film was left on the deck under her breast. While she was using her face and
breast to wipe up cum that was on the deck, more pink color cum was leaking out
of her snatch. Some of that cum was also wiped up by her pubic hairs and thighs,
however a small pool of cum still was on the deck almost right under her snatch
that was still leaking cum, adding more cum to the pool as she laid there with
her legs spread wide.

    "FUCKTOY, STOP! KNEEL FACING ME!" Al barked.

   Edna stopped dragging her sore breasts back and forth on the deck. Struggled
to her knees, turning, on her wide spread knees, back strait, breasts jutting,
facing Al she looked up at him leaning forward, leering glare, grinning at her.
The pink glow through out her body darken as her humiliation deepen, She lowered
her hazel eyes and head wishing she could shrink to nothingness.

   Al lean back in the chair; and finish the forth beer and popping the fifth.
Amused, at the change in her hue as her embarrassment increased. "CUNT! OPEN
THOSE FUCKING EYES AND LOOK AT ME! NOW!" he bellowed, as he kicked her in the
left tit.

   Edna let out a croaking yelp, eyes flew wide open, head snapping up as she
lean backwards till her ass-cheeks were on her heels from the kick to her left
breast. Gasping as pain spread from the very tip of her nipple to the root of
her breast, she locked her eyes on Al. Cringing as she saw his foot starting to
swing forward.

   "STUPID CUNT! I DIDN'T SAY YOU COULD REST, GET YOUR LAZY ASS UP AND KNEEL."
Al snapped, as his foot sunk in to the spongy tissue of her right breast.

   Edna fought back the tears that were welling up behind her eyes, as pain
rushed through both breasts. She swayed as she struggled back up on her knees.
As she knelt, with wide spread knees, back straight, jutting breasts, gasping,
in front of Al, keeping eyes lock on him. Her skin on her face, breast and cunt
started to itch and tingle as cum that coated them started to dry. She waited
there on the deck watching him.

   The Adam's apple in Al's throat bobbed up ad down as he drank from a can of
beer. Suddenly she realized how thirsty she was. Her mouth was dry and cottony,
Her throat was parched, raspy and hurting from all the screaming she been doing.
Her body crave for moisture that it lost through perspiration from all the
activity she been doing.

   Although Edna never drank any alcohol, she wished that she could have some of
the beer that Al was drinking. She thought about asking for some of it when the
seventh standing order about communicating rolled through her mind. Al had told
her that she could answer his questions, not ask ones of her own. She decided
not to risk asking him for a drink. Her feet, rump, wrests, breasts and vagina
throbbing with hideous pain in fact her entire body was wracked with agonizing
pain she wanted to avoid getting any more pain being inflected upon her body.
Kneeling, back straight breasts thrusting outward and eyes locked onto Al she
remained silent. Waiting.

   Al sat in the chair admiring her cum covered front, The harsh sun light
shining into the bridge made the pink color cum glisten, which dulled as the cum
dry. Looking down at her cunt he notice that the jism had stop dripping,
Stroking his mammoth rock hard boner, and though about filling her fuck tunnel
up with more jism. "Na! Things to do. Later much later." not realizing that he
muttered softly out loud.

   Edna shuddered and breathed in deeply not knowing if Al was telling her to do
some thing and braced for more pain as Al lean forward in the chair. Reaching
out with his left index, Edna breathed in deeply and trembled violently. Causing
her thrust out breasts to jiggle, making small flakes of dry pink jism to pop
off her left breast as Al's finger nail lightly touch her aureole.

   Noticing her apprehension, Al giggled as he leaned back in the chair.

   Letting the air rush out of her lungs in a big sigh Edna became lightheaded
and wobbly.

   Al watched in amusement as she swayed and almost toppled over, but Edna
managed to remain up right on her knees as her breathing return too normal.

   "Close, Fucktoy, close. You need to control that breathing of yours before it
gets you into trouble. Okay?" Al said sternly.

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, I will try" Edna squeaked.

   "WHAT THAT! THERE'S NO TRY! ONLY DO! YOU FUCKING DOTTY CUNT!"  Bellowed Al,
as placed his left foot's large toe, which had a sharp jagged nail on the center
of her breastplate and racked it down her chest between the breasts. The sharp
nail raced down her chest, leaving her body just above her Venus mons leaving
deep red scratches behind as it went.

   Edna kept her back straight and head up had up and eyes open and locked on
Al, as the foot raced down her body. "I will! I will! Oh dear God! I will! I
will control my breathing Oh God!" Edna said in a mournful crackle as loud as
her crack voice would allow.

   "Fucktoy, is god my proper title?" ask Al

   Edna, nervously looked at Al "No, it is not. Your title is My Lord and
Master..."after a brief pause she added, " You and your brothers are my only
Lords and Masters. My Lord and Master."

   "Good, Fucktoy I just put this discretion on your account. You have only five
discretionary points before the account is due. When the account is due you will
get five very hard lashes for each point, with whatever implement I choose and
they will be place where I choose. Points are given out at my whim. You have
used a point here, a point when you ran, a point when you try to scratch me and
a point when you decided to take a nap while you were using that little fuck
tunnel of yours on my hapless prick. You now have one point remaining before
account payment time. Understand Fucktoy." Al stated.

   "Yes I understand. Thank you for this point. My Lord and Master" Edna said
with relief in her voice. While thinking, "Sleep shit! I passed out while he was
raping me! I didn't climb up on him and stick that monstrous thing into me! He
raped me!"

   "Fucktoy, look at the spot you wiped up, See what a good job you did?" Al
remarked.

   Edna turned her head and looked down, as she did she blushed once again.
"Yes, My Lord and Master." She peeped. Thinking how ridiculous she must look
covered with dry pink cum on her.

   "You see, you didn't need any of those nasty cleaning supplies, now did you,"
Al said in an impish voice.

   "No I didn't, My Lord and Master." Edna peeped.

    "Look down at the deck between your knees now," Al commanded.

   Yes, My Lord and Master," Edna did as commanded and saw the small pool of
pink cum on the deck below her and moaned.

   "See you made another gooey mess. Drop that taunt ass of yours down and wipe
it up now."

   "Yes, My Lord and Master." Edna plopped down on her buns in the pool of pink
color cum and started to wiggle her ass cheek through the gooey cum. Being drier
then the first pool of cum it was sticker. And it was a much smaller pool so it
didn't take Edna long for her to finish wipeup the cum off the deck with her
ass.

   "On your knees now" Al barked

   "Yes, My Lord and Master," Edna scrambled back up onto her knees keeping them
wide, her back straight, breasts jutting, head up, eyes open and looking at Al.
Waiting, for her next torment from her Lord and Master. Which didn't take long
in coming.

   Al leaned forward shaking the sixth can of beer vigorously. Placing his lip
on the edge of the can, he popped the tab. It open with hiss and beer sprayed
out and foam formed on top. He noisily slurped the beer in to his mouth rapidly,
but some of it ran down the can and splashed onto the deck. When it stopped
foaming he took in a deep breath and blew the little bit of beer that was still
on the top of the can into Edna's face. "Mmmmm, not the best but tasty!"
Remarked Al as he leaned back in the chair.

   Starved for any type of moisture Edna stuck her tongue out lapped it around
her lips trying to get the moist drops into her mouth. She got more of the salty
dry cum into her mouth then droplets of beer. The dry flakes of cum soaked up
what little moisture she had in her mouth. Watching Al drinking the beer, she
continued to lick her lips, moaning deeply.

   "Fucktoy!" Al said softly.

   Zipping her tongue back into her mouth. She responded, "Yes, My Lord and
Master."

   As Al started talking a devilish grin spread across his face. "You seem to
need something to with that tongue of yours. Look at the galley ladder. Do it
now!"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master." She responded. Her gaze shifted from Al to the
galley ladder.

   "See those pink dots between here and there. That's part of your gooey mess.
Lean forward, press your forehead onto the deck, stay on your knees and scurry
over to the galley ladder and lick up every one of those spots up. That will
give your tongue something to do. Do it now!" Al ordered in a dull monotone
voice.

   Looking at the cum spots on the dirty deck Edna glance at Al and said, "But
That's disc..." and knew instantly she made a mistake. Al came flying out of the
chair, shoving her hard on to the deck. She laid there on her back gasping her
body trembling like a leaf from pure fear. Standing over her, smirking Al
reached down and grabbed her by her ponytail and yanked her up off the floor by
it. Al gave her several punches to the midsection. Edna swung by her hair from
the impact of the blows that drove the air out of her lungs while Al screamed
directly into her face.

   "DID I GIVE YOU PERMISSION TO GIVE ME ANY LIP?"

   Edna howled, as the big man shook her back and forth like a pendulum, as he
continued to scream at her.

   "I DON'T THINK SO!" Al stretched his arm that had the dangling teen above his
head. From his fully extended arm he released his grip on her hair. Edna dropped
to the deck and landed on her tailbone with impact that sent sparks shooting up
her spine to fountain up behind her eyes like sparkles. Edna teetered for a few
seconds before toppling over onto her back gasping.

   Al slipped his left foot between stunned teen's legs and placed his left foot
on her snatch with just enough pressure to maintain his balance "Well Fucktoy?"
Al began twisting his foot that was resting on Edna's tender cunt, as he shifted
his weight from his foot on the deck to the one on Edna's cunt. Edna gasped and
shuddered as Al's foot ground into her pussy with ever increasing weight.

   Al huffed on his fingernails and brushed them across his chest in a mock show
of polishing them as he continued to grind and push his foot into Edna's pussy.
Nonchalantly Al examined his imagery polished nails. "I wonder what we could be
doing right now instead of laying around doing nothing?" Al asked with humor in
his voice.

   Edna was barely coherent as she listened to Al as he shifted more and more of
his weight onto the foot that was grinding into her pussy. Barely audible Edna
whimpered, "I could clean my gooey pink spots up with my tongue, My Lord and
Master."

   Al raked his foot across Edna's pussy slit and barked, "DO IT!"

   Al watched the candy striped nymphet scurry on her knees to the galley
ladder, plant her forehead on the deck and darted her tongue out. Edna succulent
ass cheeks stuck up in the air wiggling an she crawled backwards licking the
pink cum spots off the deck Al garbed his crotch and licked his lips as he
murmured to himself "Tunnel two!"

  


CLOSE LOG ENTRY 11




   Log Entry Number 12:

   Radio operation 

  

   Edna was puzzled when Al knelt behind her as she clean his cum spots that
were mixed with her hymen blood off the deck. Al didn't let his sex toy much
time to think about it.

    "I just love this sweet ass of yours." Al slid his hands over Edna's ass
cheeks, then up to her waist and locked his powerful hands around it.

   Edna screamed when she felt the fat bulbous head of his prick poked at the
tight little star of her anus. She tried to lunge forward and roll away from
under him but the powerful grasp around her slender waist pinned her in place.
Edna screamed louder as Al's prick pushed its way through the small sphincter
star. Al stopped pushing when about two inches of his thirteen-inch fuck rod
rested in Edna's ass.

    "Tight little poop chute. I like that," he observed.

   He pushed again and some more of his cock slid painfully up her ass. He was
laughing and she was screaming. He reached underneath her with his hands. He
grasped her malleable breasts tightly.

   It hurt. How it hurt! She tried to tell him but he simply kept pushing. His
prick seemed to go on forever. "Oh God, you're killing me!" Edna sobbed.

   "Tuff titty said the kitty." Cooed Al. He poised his hips and gave one final
shove and his hard cock tore into her ass all the way. The force of Al's massive
cock roaring down her asshole drew wails of misery and animalistic howls from
the tormented teen. She squealed anew as Al used her breasts to assist him to
pound his steely fuck rod to and throe deep into her gut

   "This is a nice sweet ass, Fucktoy. Very sweet and tight, my brothers are
really going to enjoy it," Al grunted as he fucked her ass. He drove it in and
out of Edna's ass with a furious violence. Tears streamed from Edna's eyes and
she glowed a fiery red as Al's huge thirteen cock sodomize her, his cock
twisting and tearing her insides to shreds as he impaled her over and over with
the monstrous horse size male member. With every forward thrust his egg size
ball that hung heavily in their sack, slapped Edna's pussy slit.

   "Feeling good, Fucktoy!" Al said. "Oh! Fuck yes, it feels real good! Here it
comes! Get your ass ready because I'm going to flood it!"

   Edna felt his prick swell and jerk as she felt the hot sticky jism pumping
into her guts. Edna's twitching and squeezing rectal muscles milked Al's cock,
as his long hard shaft, nestled in her sodomize bottom.

   Al let go of Edna's breasts and pushed the button on top of the red necklace
cylinder once again. Then Al started slapping both globe of her ass with open
palms like a tom-tom. Retrieving the glowing section of the red cylinder Al
pressed it into Edna's left ass cheek as he held Edna tightly with his right
arm. Once again Al branded Edna with the letter "A". After reassembling the red
cylinder Al place his hands on her rump and push himself to his feet. Edna's
tight sphincter snapped shut with a wet sucking pop as his stiff cock cleared
the sobbing teen's rectum.

   "FUCK TUNNEL TWO IS NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS!" Bellowed Al gleefully.

   Edna knelt there resting on the deck as she sobbed in painful low guttural
groans. She knelt there resting on the deck with her ass thrust high. She knelt
there resting with her face on the deck. She knelt there resting on the deck
with her breasts throbbing. She knelt there resting on the deck with Al's jism
mixed with her blood dripping from her tattered poop chute. She knelt there
resting on the deck with searing pain raging through her shitter. She knelt
there resting on the deck as the two-branded letter "A's" ache and throbbed. She
knelt there resting on the deck when Al walked around her. She knelt there
resting on the deck when Al wrapped his hand around her ponytail. She knelt
there resting on the deck when Al lifted her head off the deck by her hair. She
knelt there resting on the deck looking at Al's mammoth jism; blood and shit
covered phallus bobbed and weave in front of her eyes. She knelt there resting
on the deck when Al sweetly said "Open!"

   She knelt there resting on the deck as she pleaded with tightly closed lips
"Please Al no! I just can't! Please, Al! No, it's covered with shit. Please Al."

   But her kneeling and resting ended when Al dragged her by the hair down the
galley ladder and to her parents' stateroom. Al stop dragging the screaming teen
when they were directly under a hatch in the overhead that led topside just pass
the bridge. There Al retrieved his belt lasso her feet with it and threaded it
through her bound wrist. Next Al yanked Edna's head up and back harshly by the
ponytail, then secured the ponytail to her feet. Al then hoisted Edna up off the
deck and secured her to the dogging wheel of the hatch above them. Edna cried
out in anguish as she hung with her back bending painfully bowed backwards. Al
made adjustments on her hanging form. When Al was finished his adjustments, Edna
was hanging with a slight forward tilt. Her large well formed tight breasts hung
down freely, succulently like two ripe melons. Chuckling cruelly Al fondled them
gently the stepped back to admire his handiwork.

   Al gave Edna a slight push, which caused her to swayed and rocked by her
ankles and wrists. As she hung sobbing, her arm felt as if they were being
ripped from their sockets. However the tearing pain in her shoulders and all of
her previous pains disappeared when Al started her next torment.

   Taking up a boxing stance Al licked his lips as he looked at the two bags of
tit flesh dangling invitingly. In a burst of blinding speed he smashed his left
fist into Edna's right breasts, followed with equal speed of his right fist into
her left breasts. Like a twin set of speed bags Al soon had Edna's fleshy tit
sacks whipping back and forth as Edna scream and screamed.

   Every time Al slammed his fist into one of her breast it would compress and
bounced off his fist as she swung backwards. Then she would swing forward to
meet the inbound fist again. After a several minutes of speed punching Al
delivered two solid uppercuts to the center to each of Edna's nipples. Al's fist
drove through the fatty tissue and slammed into her ribcage for each of the four
blows to the nipples. Al then release Edna from the dogging wheel, letting her
drop to the deck. Siting on the bed he untied Edna hair and feet from her
wrists. Al laugh as Edna tried to curl up into a fetal position on her side as
she screeched and thrashed on the deck of her parents' stateroom.

   When her ululation's and writhing died down, Al asked with mock concern,
"What's the matter Fucktoy? Tittys hurt. Poor, poor little Fucktoy! Are you
ready for round two or do you have something else in mind that you would like to
do instead?"

   Between sobs Edna croaked, "My Lord and Master, I would like to take your
cock in my mouth and give you a blow job. Please My Lord and Master let me suck
your cock."

   "WELL!" Al barked.

   Edna scrambled to her knees between Al Spread legs. She watched Al's
monstrous rock hard phallus twitch and bounce in rhythm with his heartbeat.
Thick purplish-blue veins snaked up the bottom side of the phallus. His huge
balls hung low in their sack under the thick shaft. As her face got closer and
closer Edna could feel the heat radiate from it. She got a strong odor of the
mixture of blood, spunk and shit that covered the phallus, every time she took a
breath.  When her lips came in contact with the spongy mushroom head she felt
the slimy mixture of Al's semen and her blood and shit coated her luscious lips
like lipstick. Edna opened her mouth wide allowing the shit covered male member
to slide into her mouth.

   But even with her mouth fully open she couldn't get the monstrous thick prick
fully into her mouth. Just the tip was lodge in her mouth. As her tongue slid
across the bulbous head she got her first taste of the vile shit mixture coating
Al's prick. Her stomach churned and bile began to rise from her stomach. She
fought the bile back down. She didn't want any more pain inflected upon her. And
Edna was sure that if she vomited all over Al he would inflect more pain on her
already bruised and battered body, much more horrific pain. So she fought to
keep her stomach contents in her stomach, as she flicked and twirled her tongue
around the sensitive tip of the prick in her mouth.

   She passed her tongue through the piss slit. Picking up the salty taste of
his precum. The lubricant did nothing for her raging thirst, except remind her
just how thirsty she was. Though Edna had never had a man's tool in her mouth,
she knew that she was doing something right. More and more of Al's precum was
leaking out of the piss slit and small ripples were racing through his body. She
felt the prick head, swell a bit and his legs stiffen. The tip of his prick
popped from her mouth as Suddenly Al jerked her head back.

   "No you don't Fucktoy, you're not going to get off that easy! Curl them lips
over them pearly whites and open that mouth wide.

   At first Edna was puzzled at Al's command then as Al centered his mammoth
cock on her wide-open mouth the realization set in. Al didn't want his sensitive
cock to be scratched up by her teeth.

   Al laced his fingers behind Edna's head, "In coming!" Al bellowed as he
jerked her head forward.

   Edna though that her jawbones snapped, as four inches of Al's prick was
jammed into her mouth.

   "See it fits, Fucktoy." Giggled Al.

   Edna looked up Al's long lean torso with pleading eyes. They locked on a set
of steely cold eyes that didn't have even the tiniest bit of mercy or pity
behind them. Edna let out a long and mournful sigh.

   "Fucktoy, best take in a long deep breath. You're going to need it."

   Edna sucked in deeply through her nose but before her lungs could fully fill
with air Al rammed the rest of his thirteen-inch cock into her mouth. Edna's
slender throat bulged; she gagged and choked as Al's cock forced its way down
her gullet. Al held Edna's tightly against his groin grinding her nose through
his thick wiry crotch hairs. Edna knelt between Al's legs with his prick buried
in her throat. Her jaw was open so wide that she was sure that the corners of
her mouth were ripping. The stiff male member complete filled her mouth and
blocked her throat. Her head was unnatural bent far back in order to give a
straighter path for Al's throbbing male organ.

   There was a quite lull in the main stateroom that contained two individuals;
one sitting on the bed with a wide grin, the other on her knees upon the deck
with her mouth stuff with the stiff flesh of her Lord and Master. Suddenly the
room burst with activity from the kneeler.

   Al's stiff cock that was lodged down her throat filled it so completely that
it blocked off all passage of air. No matter how hard she tried she could not
exchange the depleted air in her lungs for fresh air. Edna's lungs were on fire!
Edna thrashed around madly in a desperate attempt to dislodge the thick pole.
But the only thing that she achieved was to burn up the little remaining air in
her lungs. Edna was on the verge of unconscious when Al withdrew his fuck rod
from Edna's gullet. The bulbous sensitive head was pulled back just far enough
to allowed air to squeeze by. The lining of Edna's throat fluttered as air race
between the throat lining and Al's cock head. The fluttering tissue tickled Al's
sensitive spongy flesh, which sent wave after wave of pleasure rippling through
Al's body.

   The burning in Edna's lungs diminished as cool fresh air streamed into her
lungs. Before Edna lungs fully inflated with fresh air Al rebunged her gullet
with his fuck rod to repeat the cycle. Edna quickly learned to breathe in tempo
with Al's prick as it piston in and out of her gullet. The musty putrid male
odor from the groin assaulted her nose with each life sustaining breath. Edna
felt Al's rod thicken then exploded in her mouth.

    The hot sticky goo first roared down Edna's gullet, then filled her mouth
up, and finally splattered across her face as Al withdrew his hoser from Edna's
oral cavity, jetting forth his male seed. Once again Al pressed the glowing red
cylinder into Edna's flesh. This time the letter "A" was burned into Edna's body
about an inch above her left breast. Al in a loud boisterous voice full of
pride, triumphal proclaimed, "FUCK TUNNEL THREE IS NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS!"

   Edna starred at the one-eyed monster that bobbed and swayed in front of her
face that was dripping jism. The one-eye monster, that was still rock hard even
after it violated all three of her body openings and deposited spunk into each
opening. Edna averted her eyes from the one-eyed monster, as shame and
humiliation swept through her. Al had with jubilation taken her virginity not
only once but three times. Each violation was recorded for prosperity by the
three "A's" branded into her flesh. She had fought a valiant battle in a vain
attempt to defy Al's perverse sexual acts. Her entire body bore the fruits of
her rebellion, with its multicoloring and markings. Her nerves were ablaze with
agonizing pain. She still tasted the fuck cream and shit that coated her tongue.
She felt the gooey jism dripping from her face and boiling in her stomach. She
felt the sticky remains of cum on the lining of all three of her abused
orifices. And she felt the dry crusty male seed that was plastered on her body.
Edna let out a long sigh of relief as she thought to herself, "Its over he's had
his fun with me. Now he'll leave me alone so I can rest."

   Al looked down at the once pristine teenager and knew what was going through
her mind. All of them thought it. After the raping it was over. But Al knew
differently. The rapes were only a third of the fun. The other two thirds was
the continuous humiliation and torture. No he wasn't finish with Edna not by a
long shot. There was still plenty of daylight left in Edna's first day of her
new life. The first of many to come. As her name implied the teen had been
reborn. Al had changed her from a virgin to the newest of Helen's Toys.
"FUCKTOY!"

   Edna's head popped up and she look directly into Al eyes and squeaked, "Yes,
My Lord and Master."

   "Clean my cock, Fucktoy! Start at the base!" Barked Al.

   Edna hesitated only a second as she shifted her gaze from Al' eyes to his
stiff prick. The one-eye monster had a new coat of sticky cum that cover the old
coating of cum mixed with her blood and shit. Edna's three brutal rapes had
taught her the futility of resistance. Al always got what he wanted, no mater
how much pain and suffering she had to endure. So with a deep groan of remorse
Edna lanced out her tongue, snaking it over and around the tacky shaft root. The
wiry crotch hair lightly rasped her tongue. She was diligently licking the thick
shaft when Al voice boomed.

   "Suction! Add some suction to that licking."

   Edna licked and sucked the entire length of the thick steely hard shaft,
cleaning off every speck of jism, blood and shit off it, When she got to the
sensitive bulbous head Edna heard soft cooing moans from Al as she suck and
licked on it.

   In a tone dripping with sexual desire Al cooed, "Plant your lips over the
slit and swallow every drop!"

   Edna opened her mouth wide and latched her lips around the tip of Al's prick,
and sucked hard. She rapidly flicked her tongue through the piss slit and waited
for what she knew what was coming. When for the forth time sense her insane
brutal introduction to the one-eye monster it ejected its accursed venom. Glob
after glob filed her mouth to its overflowing point. Edna sucked and swallowed
hard and long. She managed to get most of the spunk down her gullet, as but some
of it squirted out from the corners of her mouth to drip on to her breasts. When
the last drop of sperm fluid was sucked down Edna's gullet to join with it's
brethren in Edna's churning stomach, Al Burned another letter "A" on her chest
then stood up knocking Edna onto her backside.

   Al picked up his discarded clothing and belt then slipped his steel toe boots
on. "On your feet and march; Fucktoy."

    Edna struggled to her feet, and followed Al out of her parents' stateroom on
very wobbly legs. Al was whistling a familiar tune. It was from some cartoon
that she had watch as a child. Something about seven little people, going to
work in a mine, a pretty young woman and an apple. But Edna could nether place
the name of the tune or the cartoon it was from. When Al stopped in the galley
she stopped too. She watched Al place his clothes on the table then go to the
refrigerator and rummage through it. He pulled out a hand full of apple pie and
a gallon of milk. She watched Al take a large bite out of the pie. Most of it
went in, but globs of it drop to the deck. Looking at the pie on the deck
reminded Edna that she had not eaten anything since the night before and then
she only picked at her food. Now with just Al's seamen in her churning stomach
she wished that she could have some of the pie that Al was eating. But seeing
Al's evil grin as he popped the rest of the pie in his mouth, she knew that he
wasn't going to get anything to eat. Edna nearly licked her lips as she watched
Al guzzle down the milk. But remembering what happen the last time she licked
her lips. She kept her tongue in her mouth and her lips firmly sealed, as she
looked longingly at Al suck down the milk. She didn't want to lick any more cum
or anything else off the deck.

   "Ah! That hit the spot; a guy sure can work an appetite and a mighty big
thirst while braking in a new sex toy. Isn't that right Fucktoy?" Chuckled Al as
he finished off the milk.

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, it is." Edna groaned as she watch cool refreshing
rivulets run from the corners of Al's mouth to join the pie on the deck. Her
dehydrated body screamed out in agony. It desperately wanted some of the liquid,
but as with the food she knew that Al was not going to give her any.

   "To your room, Fucktoy."

   As Edna headed to her room she felt Al use her hair to wipe the remains of
the pie off his hands and mouth. Standing in her stateroom she watch Al go
through her closet and dresser. When he was done with his search he had three of
her nicest and sexiest outfits and her most alluring under garments. Al hung the
dresses and teddies over her bound wrists between her arms. Her strapless bras
were hooked around her neck. Her panties! Dear God her panties! Al fitted them
over her head. The waistband was hooked under her chin, the crotch strip ran
over her nose and the leg openings were lined up so she could see through them.
With her jewelry box clenched in one hand and her pussy hair grasped in the
other Al lead her back to the galley. There he placed the jewelry box and her
clothes on the table with his. Except for a single pair of panties that she
continue to wear over her head.

   "Bridge!"

   Edna stood trembling on the bridge as Al walked around her, swishing the
antenna through the air.

    "Assume your position!" Al snapped

   Edna assumed her lewd pose, as Al stopped behind her.

   Swinging the antenna between Edna's spread legs, swatting her thighs with it,
Al barked. "Wider, Fucktoy!"

   Edna legs were now spread so wide that she had trouble maintaining her
balance in her bent over position. Her thigh muscles twitched from the strain.
She watched Al circle her several times then stop in front of her.

   Al pushed the pantie waistband up with the antenna until it was above Edna's
top lip. Al then place the antenna into her gapping mouth and twirl it around."
This one also, Fucktoy!"

   Edna forced her mouth to open even wider. She felt Al traced and prodded her
body with the antenna. He concentrated mainly on her three holes and breasts,
but the antenna invaded each and every crevice of her youthful voluptuous
well-marked body, as Al walked around her. The light touch of the antenna sent
wave after wave of goosebumps rippling across her skin and the fine downy body
hair to stand on end.

   "Shake them boobies and put that heinie in gear!"

   Edna shook her shoulders back and forth, which cause her large black and blue
breasts to sway and rotated her hips in a small circle.

   Al stopped behind her and slid the antenna through the furrow of her ass."
Who and what are you?"

   Edna's knees almost buckled as she felt the antenna move up and down her ass
crack." I'm Edna Ann Garner, student at Berk... Ow, Ow, Ow!" Edna jumped and
screamed as Al swatted both globes of her rump with one vicious stroke from the
antenna.

   "Wrong! Now repeat after me word for word in that sexy voice of yours. And
get it right or, (Al tap her rump with the antenna.) your buns are going to
glow."

   Edna became more and more nauseous and embarrassed as she sang Al's bombastic
speech. "Hello my name is Fucktoy. I am a fucking station with three service
tunnels ready for use. Please use anyone of my fuck tunnels or use two of my
fuck tunnels or even all three-fuck tunnels for your sexual pleasure. The best
fuck tunnel is at my rear. Thank you for using Fuck Central for all of your cum
deposits."

   "Very good Fucktoy!"

   Edna was vividly aware that the pose that Al had her take allowed easy access
to her mouth, pussy and ass that she just offered. She groaned shamefully.

    Al slid the antenna up and down the furrows of Edna's rump and cunt. She let
out a small yelp every time the antenna was dragged across her clitoris.
"Fucktoy, whenever you are ask who or what you are, you not only will assume
your position, as your are now, but you will repeat your little speech with a
joyful, enthusiastically sexy voice. You are to thank whoever takes you up on
your offer. On using Fuck Central for their cum deposits. Understand, Fucktoy!"

   Edna fought the urge to collapse to the deck and have herself a good cry as
she answered, "Yes, My Lord and Master, I understand."

   Edna let out a gasping whine as Al stop stroking the antenna through her ass
crack and pussy slit to be replace by his thirteen inch one-eye wonder sliding
through her ass crack.

   "WELL!"

   With a quivering begging voice Edna squeaked, "Please, My Lord and Master ram
your wonderful cock up best fuck tunnel. Please My Lord and Master, fuck me in
my aft fuck tunnel, please."

   Al lined his cock up with the little star of Edna's shitter entrance and
tightly grabbed ahold of her hips. With a single forceful thrust Al burred his
throbbing fuck rod to its hilt into Edna's dark, steamy poop chute. After
several hard thrusts Al shifted his hands from Edna's hips and grasp her
battered breasts then continue to pound his massive prick up and down her rear
tunnel.

   Edna grimaced and whined as fiery pain speared through her backside, as Al
reamed her poop-chute for the second time. The many curves of the sigmoid
flexure were straitened as the thirteen-inch male tool was jackhammering through
the aft fuck tunnel. The lining was stretched beyond the dimensions of any bowel
movement that she had ever had by the three-inch thick tool. Blood flowed from
the numerous tears along the entire length of the rectum that the fuck rod
drilled. Edna's cuntal slit was slapped with every forward thrust, by Al's heavy
balls that were hanging low in their sack. When Al shifted his grip from her
hips to her breasts, breasts that Al had use as punching bags, Edna's whining
turned to screams. Portions of her firm, well-bruised tit flesh squeezed between
Al's fingers. Her breasts were pulled and jerked viciously as her ass was
mercilessly and vilely reamed.

   While Al mauled her breasts and drilled her ass Edna keep her head tilted
well back and her mouth cranked wide open. Tears streamed from her eyes to be
soaked up by the panties that she was wearing over her head. Peering through the
pantie legs openings, with blurry tear soaked eyes she looked at the glowing
face of the radio. "Dear God! Only if the radio had worked! If I only had gotten
that distress call out. If I had my parents and I would be rescued from these
sadistic brutes and I wouldn't be having my rear raped by this evil man's
monstrous cock. Dear God, if I just have gotten that message out on the radio.
If only the radio had worked."

   Suddenly Al stopped his thrusting. He left his prick buried deep in side her
as continue to savagely yank and stretched her abused tender breasts. "He's
stop! He has stop pounding me with that monstrous thing! He hasn't ejaculated
yet so why has he stop?"

   Al pulled the suffering teenager up right by her breasts and whispered
sweetly into her left ear. "Because Fucktoy, I want to help you send a radio
massage to bring help."

   Edna was stupefied she had not released that she had been babbling out loud.
A tingle raced down her spine as Al gripped her breasts even tighter. Howls of
pure agony washed through her breasts as Al lifted her by them. When Al fuck rod
popped from her shitter he threw her across the bridge. Edna stopped howling
when her breath was knock out of her lungs from the impact with the deck. Edna
laid on the deck, gasping for breath. Her entire body was wrack with pain,
however there was a single small relief. Her rectum was no longer was being
bunged by Al's huge one-eye monster.

   Edna's blood curdled, as Al stood over her cackling like Beelzebub himself.
Al reached down and grasped the microphone that was attached to the microphone
cord that bound Edna's wrists together behind her, and lifted her off the deck.
As Al held her suspended off the deck by her wrist, the microphone cord bit
deeply into her flesh as the microphone cord tighten around her wrists. Edna
felt and heard her shoulder joints pop and crack as Al bounced her up and down
in strappado faction. Edna endured this torment until the microphone snapped
free of its cord and she crashed back down to the deck.

   Al hauled Edna by her ponytail atop the chart table upon her back. He slapped
his palm hard on her pussy mound and barked, "Spread them, Fucktoy!"

   Groggily Edna spread her legs to their maximum extension. She felt Al's palm
run up and down the length of her pussy slit, then spreading her plump pussy
lips open with his fingers as he cooed softly to her.

   "Fucktoy, I'm going to fix it so you can send that messages!" Wedging the
microphone atop her pussy mound resting microphone key atop her clit. In a
wicked gleeful tone Al cooed, "If you want to send a Mayday now, you'll have to
pipe it through your nasty twat!" A wicked grin warped his lips as Al rasped the
microphone across the tip of her clitoris and into her wide-open pussy gash. He
shoved the microphone until it was completely swallowed by her tight cunt. Al's
wild crackling laughter filled the air of the bridge. The only sound louder was
Edna's horrible screaming.

   Edna struggled to get her hands to her cunt and try to dislodge the
microphone out of her, however Al bated her bound wrists aside and snarled

    "You leave that in your twat, Fucktoy!"

   Edna gave a last feeble attempt to remove the microphone from her pussy then
went limp as Al snarled warningly, "Fucktoy!" Slipping his fingers into Edna's
tight twat Al shoved the microphone in deeper. He then grasp Edna's battered
breasts and pulled her to a sitting position. "Fucktoy, you are now ready to
send your message. This is the message that you will send in a nice and clear
loud voice."

   Edna listened to the short message that Al gave her and shuddered.

   "Now Fucktoy, squeeze them twat muscles tight and send your message and keep
sending it until your told to stop."

   Edna struggled to collate the message in her mind. She was about to begin
when her breast felt as if they were being screwed off.

   Al savagely twisted Edna's breasts like radio dials and barked, "Now
Fucktoy!".

   "MAYDAY! MAYDAY! ANY VESSEL MAYDAY! THIS IS THE PLEASURE FUCK-YACHT RANDOM
FUCK WITH A BITCH AND A FUCKTOY ONBOARD. WE DESPERATELY NEED TO GET FUCKED.
FUCKED IN OUR TWATS, POOP-CHUTES AND MOUTHS. WE NEED HUGE FAT COCKS IMMEDIATELY.
BUT ANY LONG HARD ITEM WILL DO. THIS IS A URGENT DISTRESS CALL. REPEAT, MAYDAY!
MAYDAY! ANY VESSEL MAYDAY! THIS IS THE PLEAS...."  Edna sang out the message in
a loud continuous reputation.

   "Now where were we? Oh yea!" Al giggled as he released Edna's breasts grasped
her legs and flipped her on to her stomach. "CORN HOLING!" Al rammed his cock to
the hilt into Edna's steamy poop chute. Once again he started sodomizing the
youthful teenager. As Al reamed the teen's poop-chute he loved the wild tingling
sensation in his cock as it slid over the hump caused by the microphone lodge in
Edna's twat.

   As Al filled her guts with hot gooey jism, Edna didn't receive any of the
pleasure that Al did, all she felt was nerve-wracking pain as she drone out her
radio message. Al burned yet another  "A" into her left ass cheek to denote his
usage of his fucktoy for his sexual pleasure.

    After pulling his softening cock from Edna's poop-chute, Al grasped the
teen's legs and pulled her backwards, across the top of the chart table. He
stopped pulling her when the bottoms of her breasts were resting on the edge of
the chart table. He rocked her from side to side, causing the edge of the chart
table to dig painfully into the junction of flesh between her breasts and chest.

   "Well Fucktoy, do you have any thing you want to say to me?" Giggled Al as he
continued to rock her from side to side.

   "Thank you Al, My Lord and Master for using Fuck Central for your, cum
deposit in my aft fuck tunnel. My best fuck hole" Edna responded sexily.

    Al rock Edna little longer, then he let go of Edna. The bottoms of the
teen's breasts were rasped over the edge of the chart table as she tumbled to
the deck in a heap at his feet. "Your welcome, Fucktoy!" Al giggled, as he
headed for the galley ladder.

   Edna twisted and turned in a vain attempt to find some spot on her body that
was not in pain to rest on. But no such spot existed any longer on the teen's
young body. A body, that just a few long and agonizing hours ago had never been
spanked or even slapped before in her eighteen years of life. For no other
reason other then fatigue the teen decided to rest on her left side. Though her
left shoulder and elbow screamed in protest. She laid there sobbing her radio
massage and starring at her panties that had pop off her head somewhere along
the way. She laid there, thinking "Is it over? It must be over! What else could
Al do to me? Even if he did do something else surely I would die! Maybe that
would be the best thing. If I died all of the pain would be gone." Yes, that was
it. She prayed that Al would kill her and put her out of her misery.

   But the teen would not get her wish. No she would not. For Al and his two
brothers were too skilled at the fine art of torture. They have hone there
skills for over three years and with many, many victims. And as far as thinking
that Al didn't have anything left to do to her body she was wrong in that aspect
too. The Anderson's had a myriad of tortures left to inflict on her young
voluptuous body. But Edna had no inkling of these horrors that awaited her.

   She wondered what had become of her parents. The parents that she had hope to
rescue with a call for help over the radio, as she sobbingly drone out her radio
message to the microphone stuffed deep in her pussy.

   "MAYDAY! MAYDAY! ANY VESSEL MAYDAY! THIS IS THE PLEAS...."




   Log Entry Number 13:

   uniform of the day

  

   Kicking Susan on the side of her head Frank yelled,  "Bitch! Get up on your
fucking feet, with them spread wide. BITCH, I don't want to hear a sound come
out of that fucking yap of yours! BITCH, you're to do what you're told, when
you're told without any whining from you!"  Frank kicked her several more times
as he spoke.

   Susan got to her feet. The ankle cuffs that still restricted her Achilles'
tendons made it difficult but her hands made it much simpler. "Hands! O-God
wonderful hands! Hands to do things with. Hands to help me with. My beautiful,
lovely hands!" Susan thought to herself as she stood there with her legs spread
wide, starring at her hands that she was flexing and turning in front of her
eyes.

   "Play with your boobies bitch!" Frank barked

   Susan, begin to gently rub her fingers over her whipped breast. The caressing
soothed the throbbing ache in them. "Wonderful hands!" As she massaged her
breasts Robert walked up to her holding several items. Robert handed all but one
of the items to Frank.

   With astonishment in his voice Robert spoke, "Frank! Would you look at that!
That slut over there playing with her titties! She's NAKED!"

   With equal astonishment Frank replied. "By-George your right little brother.
That bitch is standing there in her birthday suit, playing with her melons.
Maybe you should help her out."

   Giggling Robert asked "Hey slut do you want some clothes to put on. Do you
slut?"

   Susan answering Robert nervously, "Yes, Robert I would like to have some
clothes to put on." As Susan continue to run her hands over her breast, she
wondered what these two sadistic men were up to now.

   "Good, good!  Here let me put this on you slut while you continue to play
with them titties." Stepping forward Robert place one of his special design
waist clincher. It was made from black leather with one-eighth inch hard rubber
spikes turned inward. It fitted tightly around Susan's abdomen; it sat between
the bottom of the rib cage and the hip bone. Once it was hooked around her waist
Robert slipped a ratchet handle into the fitting at the back of the waist
clincher. Robert started tightening the clincher like a piston ring compressor.

   Susan gasped for air as the tightness of the clincher stole her breath away
and drove the spikes into her skin. Looking down Susan was astonished how narrow
her waist had become. Her normal twenty-eight inch waist was squished down to a
sixteen-inch waist giving her waist a voluptuous, obscene, waspish look to it.

   Robert stepped back next to Frank while barking " Turn slowly slut!"

   As Susan turned slowly still kneading her breast she heard Frank and Robert
talking.

   "How's that Frank?" asked Robert.

   " Not bad little brother, not bad at all. But something needs to be done with
the bottom." Remarked Frank.

   "Panties!" Giggled Robert. As Susan completed her turn Robert thrust his hand
towards her and snapped  "Put these on!"

   Taking the object from Robert's hand Susan examined it. The "panties" were a
rubber harness. Two dildos were attached to the thin crotch strip with tube
running out the bottoms of each dildo. Each of the dildos was ten inches long
and a girth of five inches. Just above the forward dildo was an alligator clip.
"But Robert it's... Owww, owww, aarrgggeee, owwww" Susan wailed as Frank lashed
her breasts with his belt.

   "Bitch! I told you to keep that fucking mouth shut, to do what you're told to
do, Bitch! Put those panties on, NOW!" Roared Frank as he lashed her breasts.

   Grunting with pain and effort from the restriction the clincher caused, Susan
struggled to put on the panties. Sliding first the left leg then the right leg
into them. She pulled them up her legs as the dildos wobbled back and forth.

   "Stop!" Bellowed Robert, as the two dildos bumped against the bottom of
Susan's torso.

   Susan stopped pulling the panties up as Robert crouching down next to her he
aligned the two dildos with her cunt and asshole and shoved them into there
corresponding holes.

   "Start pulling, BITCH!" Barked Frank

   Susan started pulling the panties up once again rocking her hips back and
forth as Robert shoved the dildos deeper into her cunt and asshole.

   Just as the cold clip touched Susan's pussy Robert barked, "Stop!" once
again. Reaching up with his left hand he grasped the clip and open it's jaws.
With his right hand he peeled back the hood that covered Susan's clitoris.
Robert then snapped the clip on Susan's clit. The clip's tiny teeth bit harshly
into the sensitive love button.

   Susan howled and bounced from leg to leg as she started to reach for the clip
that seemed to be chewing her clit off.

   Robert tightly grabbed both of Susan's wrists preventing her from removing
the clip. Frank stepped forward grabbing Susan's left nipple with one hand while
holding a knife under the base of her left breast.

   Finish pulling those panties on BITCH! If you don't I'll cut this boob off,
as Robert finish putting the panties on for you!" Roared Frank.

   Sobbing as Robert released her wrist, Susan grasped the panties and finished
pulling them up as Robert finished shoving the dildos into her holes.

   Releasing Susan's nipple and stepping back Frank snapped "Bitch, let's have a
little action with those boobies and hips."

   Through teary eyes Susan reaching up with her hands and begin toying with her
breast with her fingers once again as she stood with her legs spread wide. Susan
slowly, gyrated her hips as the alligator clip gnawed at her clit and trying to
get used to the two monstrous dildos lodged into her cunt and asshole. Susan
watch Frank reached down to the deck to the pile of items he dropped there when
he grabbed her nipple. Frank picked up a rubber strap with more of those
accursed metal spikes and three grommets set into the strap. Handing the strap
to his brother, who was still crouching next to her. Robert attached the rubber
strap to a D-ring on the bottom front of the waist clincher with the spikes
pointing inward. Pulling the strap to stretch it, Robert feed the strap between
Susan's legs, up through her ass-cheeks and fastened it to a D-ring at the
bottom back of the clincher. With one hand Robert pulled the rubber strap away
from her crotch and with the other hand threaded the two tubes and the wires
through the grommets set in the strap. With that done Robert let go of the strap
letting it snap into Susan's crotch. The rubber, strap pressed harshly against
the clip on Susan's clit and held the dildos deeply in her cunt and asshole.
Susan's pussy lips puffed out around the edges of the straps.

   Standing up and joining his brother Robert barked "Turn, slut!"

   Once again Susan turn around for the gratification of the sadistic brutes
that were tormenting her. The movement as she turned made clip feel like it was
making mincemeat of her clit. Susan also felt the two huge dildos shift around
inside of her, the tubes and wire slapping lightly against her legs as she
turned. The clincher still gnawed and pinched her waist and of course she
continue run her fingers over and around her sore breasts.

   "The bitch starting to look better now that she has some clothes on. Doesn't
she little brother." Remarked Frank.

   As Susan face the brothers Robert snapped, "Stop turning slut!" then speaking
to his brother "Sure does! Frank old-boy. But the slut needs something up top."

   With ironic tone Frank said, "I got something for the bitch's top little
brother." Snickering as he stepped forward with his left hand lifted up even
with his chest with his index finger sticking out. On the index finger hung ten
rubberbands. "Bitch! Put these on your left boob. And bitch each rubberband best
be seated around the base of that boob." Snarled Frank.

   Groaning Susan took the first rubberband off Frank's finger and worked it
over her bruised and tender left mammary gland to its base. Susan took another
rubberband from Frank's finger and repeated the process. As she added more and
more rubberbands to her left mammary gland it began to reassemble a balloon once
again.

   As she seated the ninth rubberband at the base of her left mammary gland she
was startled as Frank bellowing. "Bitch; double that one and the next."

   Regrasping the ninth rubberband Susan stretched it gave a full twist and
reworked it over the mammary gland, making it extremely tight. Taking the tenth
rubberband she worked it to the base then doubled it. Looking down at her breast
Susan saw that already the ballooned breast was changing color.

   Digging into the bag of rubberbands Frank pulled out ten more rubberbands on
his index finger and held them out to Susan. "Right boob, bitch!" Barked Frank.

   Susan repeated the steps to the right mammary gland. Now both of them looked
like balloons sitting on her chest turning darker, and darker as there blood
flow was restricted. Frank dropped his hand and stepped back next to his
brother.

   "Now there that takes care of the top, little brother." Snickered Frank.

   "I don't know about that, Frank? They still look a little, bare to me."
Robert replied 

   Frank stroking his chin remarked in a deep philosophical tone, "Hmmm, now
that you mention it, I see what you mean, the top of the bitch does kind of
stick out at you in all of their nudeness. But what can we do about it?"

   Both brothers seem to ponder the problem over in their minds. Then with
excitement in his voice Robert shouted "Eureka! A brassier! The slut needs a
brassier, Frank. That what the slut needs." Stepping forward Robert held out a
small folded rubber bundle and barked "Put this on Slut!"

   The rubber bundle unfolded as Susan took it from Robert's hand. The object
was like an exercise halter made from thick rubber. There weren't any breast
cups instead there were two steel rings that measure two inches across was
molded into the halter where the breast cup would have been. Looking at the
halter Susan saw why Frank had her double the last two rubber bands around each
breast. Under normal conditions the halter was a couple of sizes too small for
her. Now that her breasts were ballooned out so that they couldn't flatten out,
made the halter almost four times too small. The doubling of the rubberbands
would prevent the rubberbands from popping off her breast, like the left breast
did when she was doing the laundry. "Owww, Owww! Aaarrrgggeeee!" Susan screamed
as Frank whipped her rump with his belt.

   "Bitch! My brother told you to put that brassiere on. Put it on now, bitch!"
Frank roared.

   Sliding her arms through the shoulder straps then sliding the trunk over her
head. As the "brassiere" slid over her shoulders and coming to a stop at the top
of her breasts Susan realized how hard it would be getting the "brassiere"
completely on. "Aaarrrgggeee! Owww, Owww! Eaghghghghhghhhh!"

   "Bitch, you're not shopping at a fucking mall! If you don't want all of your
flesh strip off that pathetic thing you call an ass, you best get that brassiere
on." Frank bellowed, as the belt came down with a sharp crack across her flaming
buns.

   Susan with feverish energy tugged, pulled, and stretched the "brassiere",
while she vigorously pushed, shoved and rammed her tender breasts into the
"brassiere" until it wrapped around her breasts and clung to her ribcage just
below her breasts. The expend energy left her panting. "Aaarrrgggeee! Owww,
owww" Susan let out agonizing gasps as Frank's belt sizzled her rump.

   "Bitch! Who the fuck taught you to get dressed? Look at those melons all
twisted and cockeyed, you dumb-fuck bitch. Center them nipples in that
brassiere, you worthless bitch." Roared Frank.

   Susan pulled on the steel rings and manipulating her breasts until she had
her nipples centered in the rings. The elasticity of the "brassiere" tried to
flatten her mammary glands but the rubberbands around their base forcing them to
balloon out. The opposing forces resulted in a compromise. Susan's breasts now
looked like pair of oblique watermelons. With part of her breasts, the aureoles
and the nipples protruding grossly through the steel rings.

   "How's that Frank she's all dress now and roaring to go" snickered Robert

   "My, my! You're quite right little brother. There's something that's still
bothering me though" Frank replied

   "Hmm what could that be Frank old-boy?" Robert asked.

   "Well, little it's the bitch's tittys. They're staring at me." Frank said
with worry in his voice, as he jabbed his index fingers into her nipples.

   "No problem there, big brother. The slut can fix that for you." Robert
stated. Walking up to Susan, Robert bellowed. "Slut! Your tittys are staring at
my brother and making him nervous. Put these on them so they stick strait out,
slut."

   Robert held two alligator clips in his palm. Glancing quickly over at Frank
who was starting to raise his belt. Quickly Susan plucked the clips from
Robert's hand. With shaking hands Susan attached a clip to each of her nipples
as Robert directed. The sharp little teeth bit into her tender tit nubs sending
flashes of pain through her breasts. The pain was gnawing at her breast but
compared to the ripping pain from the clip on her clit the ones on her nipples
were hardly noticeable.

   "How's that Frank-O?" inquired Robert.

   "That's perfect little brother. The bitch is almost ready to go to the game.
All the bitch need is some makeup and some jewelry, and then the bitch will be
ready to go. Can you take care of that little brother, I needed to get
something, Okay?" Remarked Frank.

   "Sure! No, problem at all go do what you need to do, the slut and I will
finish up here. Answered Robert.

   Robert whispered into Susan's ear and she relayed it. "Please hurry back
Frank, I get so lonely when you're gone. My pussy, asshole and mouth need to be
stuffed by that wonderful cock of yours. So please hurry back for me. Pretty
please Frank!"

   "Sure bitch I'll hurry back. Then bitch we'll go to the game." Stated Frank
as he waved goodbye.

   "Now slut where were we?" bellowed Robert.

   Biting her lower nervously Susan responded, "Frank want... Owww! Owww! Owww!
Please stop Robert!" Susan howled as Robert twisted the clips on her nipples.

   "Try it again slut and get it right or I'll twist those titties right off
those sorry ass looking boobs! And quit that wining!" Growled Robert.

   Choking back her crying Susan started once again. "Please Robert help me put
on my makeup and jewelry? Will you please? I really need assistance with my
makeup and jewelry. Help me please Robert."

   "Can do slut." Robert answered as he went over to the pile on the deck then
picked up a pouch and walked back over to Susan. After opening the pouch, the
first thing that Robert took out was a callus and corn scraper. Robert used it
on each of Susan's cheeks to scrape off the accumulated jism, piss, shit and
bile, not to mention a couple of layers of Susan's cheek skin. Next Robert took
out a pallet of orange tinted rouge; using the powder-puff he applied a thick
layer of the rouge to the just scraped sections of Susan's cheeks. Then Robert
smeared wide band of bright orange lipstick over the crusty residue on her face.
Starting just below the left earlobe across the lower left cheek just below the
caked rouge. Over both lips in both the close and pouting position then
following the same course to the right earlobe. Tilting Susan's head back Robert
dropped several globules of black mascara in each eye socket. Smearing the
globules over the eyelids, eyebrows and around the eye sockets then across the
temples to the top of the ears. The last bit of makeup was two colors of
fingernail polish. Robert didn't use the polish on Susan's finger or toenails.
He used the first color a bright canary yellow to paint the portions of her
breast that protruded through the steel rings of the "brassier". Then using the
fluorescent green to paint Susan's aureole. Due to its alcohol content the
polish sent burning sensation through Susan's breasts as the polish soaked into
the welts and abrasions caused by the whippings and other abuses her breasts had
been through. 

   Closing the pouch Robert Stepped back placing the makeup pouch on the deck
and picking up a small bag. Opening the bag as he walked towards her grinning.
"What's next slut?" asked Robert

   "Please Robert I need help with my jewelry. Can you help me to put my jewelry
on? Please Robert Help me. Please!" Susan asked.

   "Well Slut I just put your makeup on for you didn't I?" Asked Robert.

   "Yes you did Robert. I thank you for doing that for me, Robert. But I need
help with my jewelry now, Robert. Please help me with my jewelry. Please
Robert." Pleaded Susan.

   "I don't know about that. I think Frank is right. You're taking advantage of
me. Tell you what! I'll hand you the piece of jewelry and tell you where to put
it. Would that be , Okay with you slut?" inquired Robert.

   "Thank you Robert. Yes, Robert that will be fine. Please tell me what to with
the jewelry. Thank you for aiding me like this Robert." Mewed Susan.

   "Slut! Remember what Frank told you about that derriere of yours. If you
employ any type of delaying tactics Frank and I will fulfill that promise on
your derriere with studded strops. No begging, no whining no complaining. No
nothing just keep that fucking trap of yours shut and do what you're told! Got
that SLUT!" bellowed Robert.

   "Yes Robert I understand. I am to remain completely quit and if I don't place
the jewelry where you tell me to put it, you and Frank will beat my derriere
with studded strops until all of the skin has been strip from my derriere."
Answered Susan.

   "Okay then slut, the first thing you need is a new leash for your collar."
Robert handed Susan a leash.

   Reaching behind her neck she attach the leash to the D-ring of the collar.

   "This goes on the left pussy lip slut."

   With her shaking right hand Susan took the object from Robert It was another
alligator clip with a sixteen-ounce weight fixed to it by a short cable.
Reaching down with her right hand shaking like a leaf, Susan grasped her left
pussy lip sticking out from strap and stretched then snapped the clip on the
sensitive fleshy fold of skin.

   "Right pussy lip, slut!"

   Susan repeated the procedure with her right pussy lip

   "These hook into the nipple clamps!"

   Taking the two sixteen ounce weights that had Christmas ornament type hook
Susan inserted a weight into the drilled hole at the end of each alligator clip
attached to her nipples.

   "Close them, slut!"

   Susan pinched the hook of the ornament hook until the hooks were a closed
loop. Now Susan had four, sixteen-ounce weights hanging from her. Two of them
hung from short cables to the alligator clips that were gnawing into and
distending her pussy lips and two were pulling her nipples towards the deck.

   "Place this around the left wrist, slut! Then while holding it in place
present, the left wrist out towards me."

   Susan took a wrist cuff from Robert it was designed just like the ones fasten
around her ankles. The wrist cuff even had those evil little spikes. Susan place
the cuff around her left wrist and held it out towards her tormentor. Robert
slipped a bolt through the fitting on the cuffs and tightened the cuff down
tightly around her wrist.

   "Right wrist, slut!" 

   Susan repeated the process until both of her wrists were encase by steel
cuffs like her ankles.

   "Well, well slut! We seem to have finish decking you out before Frank got
back. I guess I'll let you amuse yourself until he gets back. Let's see slut,
what will really amuse you while we wait? Hmmm! I know slut! Why don't you
slowly rotate while gyrating your hips and flicking your nipple weights with
your fingers until I tell you to stop? And you best not mess up that makeup job
I did with any crocodile tears! You will now start and thank me, slut!"

   As Susan complied with his command she replied "Thank you, Robert. For
letting me amuse myself till Frank gets back. Thank you very much." Thinking
silently to herself, "Amuse myself? Shit, what mockery! The only ones that's
thinks this is amusing around here is that sadistic bastard over there and his
totally insane brothers.

   "O-God! I've been fucked in all three of my holes, been pissed on, drank
piss, been shitted on, been puked on, been dragged across half of the yacht,
been whipped. O-God have I been whipped! Every square inch of me had been
slashed and beaten by hands, strops and belts. The only spot they have missed
whipping me are my feet. My whole body is in pain. I've got nothing to look
forward to except more suffering and humiliation.

   Every time I think they've done the most lewd and perverted thing to me they
always come up with something more obscene and indecent. And when I protest,
complain or rebel, they beat me until I comply with their wants. Now here I am
"amusing myself" slowly turning which causes the ankle cuffs to chew up my
ankles, the spike rubber crotch strap not only to chew up my pussy and ass crack
but it's also yanking on the clip that's biting, pulling, and twisting my clit.
While monstrous dildos punch around my cunt and asshole. The gyrations of my
hips are making the weights clipped to my pussy lips to swing. Causing the pussy
lips to be stretched and pulled. And me flicking the weights clamped to my
nipples making the nipples to be jerked and twisted as the weights flop around.
Pain, pain, pain nothing but unrelenting agonizing pain.

   And look at what they have done to poor James. To have your stomach painfully
bloated with vile piss and shit mixture. Strapped painfully to a board, arms and
legs secured painfully under the board being smashed, been beaten into
unconscious with belts, been stomped on, had his cock and balls slapped,
punched, elbowed, kicked, beaten with strops and belts. Along with having
something injected into the cock.

   That injection what was in that injection that would cause James's cock to
get so engorge that it swelled painfully over two and half inches longer then it
has ever done before and at less a half inch thicker girth. Making it so ridged
that it wouldn't bend even a fraction of an inch. The ball sack painfully
crushing his nuts until they were about to crack from the pressure. And why
couldn't James ejaculate, did it prevent him from ejaculating letting the jism
build, build and build but never letting it escape keeping it painfully trap or
did it just stop the production of sperm completely?

   O-God, dear God what have they done to Edna the only contact She had have was
that bone crushing scream when according to these sadistic bastard Al deflowered
her daughter. After that there were more heart wrenching screams of pain. But if
what Frank and Robert had done to her and James was any indication she feared
for her daughter's life at the elder Anderson hands.

   As Susan turned towards the bow again she glance up at the bridge. "Owww,
owww, owww!" Susan howled and stopped her turning, gyrating and flicking as
Robert whipped the top of her breasts with his belt.

   "You are stargazing again, Slut. Get them eyes back... What the fuck!" Robert
snapped. With one precise blow Robert slashed Susan's left nipple with the belt.
The blow ripped the clip off of Susan's nipple it dropped straight down to the
deck and landed with a thud. "No one said you could stop amusing yourself slut!"

   "Aaarrrgggeee O-God! Aaarrrgggeee! Stop; Robert please stop!" Susan dropped
to her knees howling; as she thought that Robert had whipped her nipple clean
off. Susan glanced down. It was there, blood was dripping from it but thank God
it was still there.

   "Slut if you're not on your feet immediately I'm going to whip the clip off
the other breast then I'll whip the clips off your cunt lips. Then you'll place
them back on and I'll whip them off again. We'll do it over and over until one
of those tittys pop off with the clip.

   With trembling legs and tears streaming out of her eyes dragging a streak of
black mascara down her cheeks and mixing with the orange tent rouge and
splattering down onto the "brassier" then splattering to the deck. Susan stood
and once again "amusing herself" as she slowly turned, gyrating her hips, and
flicking the weight clipped to her right breast. While she gently massage her
left nipple.

   Pain! That was the central theme. The sex and humiliation were only secondary
issues. The Anderson's were in it for inflecting pain on others. Everything else
was just frosting on the cake. Susan trebled to core as she heard Robert speak
to her. Pain, more pain, Robert was going to inflect more agonizing pain upon
her body.

   "Slut! Stop and face me!" barked Robert

   As Susan complied she notice that Frank had rejoined them. Both men were
grinning at her.

   "How's the slut look to you Frank?" Asked Robert.

   "Not bad little brother. Not bad at all, a tad messy but over all not bad.
There is one thing that bothers me though. That titty there is staring at me
again." Remarked Frank.

   Robert barked, "Slut! Look down at the deck!"  Susan looked down. "See that
clip that you dropped, slut!"

   Seeing the alligator clip and weight that Robert had whipped off her left
breast lying on the deck between her and the two brothers. Susan answered
Robert. "Yes Robert I see the clip that I dropped."

   "Well then what are you going to do about it, slut?" asked Robert

   Sighing Susan said, "Can I please pick it and reattach it to my nipple so
that my nipple will stop staring at Frank? Please Robert."

   "Sounds good to me slut. Bend over at the waist, keeping your legs spread
wide and knees locked. Pick up the clip, return to the upright position. Then
put that clip on your nipple." Robert explained.

   Keeping her legs spread and knees locked, Susan bent over. The movement
caused the crotch strap to drag and twist the clip that was snapped around her
clit, sending a new wave of gnawing pain to streak through her clit. Susan
planted the palm of right her hand on the deck for support, reaching for the
clip on the deck with her left hand. Susan almost got her left hand around the
clip on the deck when she heard Robert.

   "Stop, slut! While remaining bent over turn and face aft, then place both
palms on the deck, shoulder width apart." Roared Robert.

   Susan complied with Robert's command. She was bent over at the waist legs
spread and palms on the deck shoulder width apart facing aft. Robert was
caressing her thrust up rump lightly with his fingers.

   "Slut! Now that you so gracelessly presented these (Robert gently patted both
ass cheeks with his cupped palms, like a tom-tom, making a slapping-pop sound)
to us I have to ask you something, slut.".

   "What do you want to know Robert?" asked Susan nervously.

   "Well slut, although you promise me you wouldn't, it seems like you decided
to mess up the makeup that I so diligently applied on your face, per your
request." Robert continued to quizzically remark.

   "I'm sorry Robert I didn't mean too. Please forgive me Robert" Susan
responded with a quivering voice.

   "What should we do about it, slut?" asked Robert as he continue to tom-tom
her ass cheeks.

   While chewing her bottom lip nervously Susan replied to Robert's question.
Hopefully the way he wanted her to answer. "Robert I think that my ass should be
spanked. Please spank my ass to punish me for messing up the makeup that you so
diligently applied for me after I ask you to. Please Robert, spank my ass.
Please!"

   "Sounds good to me, slut. How many, slut?"

   Shacking with dread Susan answered, "Five Robert. Please spank my ass five
times for messing up my makeup. Please Robert."

   "Sounds good to me, slut. Five slaps across each of the globes. (Robert had
stopped using her ass as a tom-tom and had started to trace the welts on her
rump, scraping them harshly with his fingernails, making Susan wince with pain.)
Frank and I will administer them. You're to count out loud and thank the proper
person for each one. Also you're to remain in position for all of the slaps. If
you lose count or move, the count will go back to zero and we'll start over.
Slut, if you don't want the slaps we can use Frank's skin stripping method. So
slut, you decide yours or Frank's method?"

   Moaning deeply Susan answered, "Please Robert I want Frank and you to spank
each of my ass globes five times. I won't move, Robert. Please spank me, Robert.
Please!"

   While bracing herself for Frank and Robert to begin Susan though to herself,
"God there making me choose my own version of pain, and there going to make me
put that beastly clamp on my nipple after they are done spanking me."

   Thwack! "Owww! Owww, O-God! One thank you Robert." Thwack! "Aaarrrggg! Two
thank you Frank" Susan bellowed.

   "Bitch, what's all of that racket your making. My brother told you to count
and thank us. Not, to make up extra noise. So start over and only do what Robert
told you to do, bitch!" roared Frank.

   Thwack! Susan restarted the count as Robert swung the belt across her left
ass cheek with all of his might. "One thank you Robert." Frank followed with his
own powerful blow, which had nearly twice the force of hie younger brother's
brutal slashing. Thwack! "Two thank you Frank." Thwack! "Three thank you
Robert." Thwack! "Four thank you Frank."(With every severe slashing, wallop from
the belts caused Susan to lurch forward and buckle at the knees momentary. The
movement caused the attached weights to oscillate, her pussy lips and right
nipple in harmonic motion to be stretched and twisted.) Thwack! "Five thank you
Robert." Thwack! "Six thank you Frank." Thwack! "Seven thank you Robert." (With
each savage slash of the belts upon her rump left two parallel furrows were
etched into her buttocks.) Thwack! "Eight thank you Frank." Thwack! "Nine thank
you Robert." Thwack! "Ten thank you Frank."

   "Now slut, turn back around and complete the task you went down there to do."
Commanded Robert.

   As her two posterior orbs felt like two barbecue pits going full blast
searing white hot pain in to them. Susan turned she clamped her mouth tightly
closed to prevent herself from screaming while choking back the tears that were
welling up in her eyes. Grasping the clip off the deck, Susan struggled to an up
right stance. Opening the clip with her forefinger and thumb Susan positioned
over her left nipple.

   "Bitch! Let it snap!" roared Frank.

   Following Frank's command Susan let the clamp snap shut onto her left nipple.
Susan nearly collapsed to the deck as the alligator clip teeth bit in to the
sensitive nub. Struggling on shaky legs Susan manage to maintain her posture.
But a few tears streaked down her cheeks, dragging some of the mascara with them
while plowing through the rouge and a muffled groan of agony escape through her
sealed lips. Susan eyes darted to and fro between Frank and Robert as gut
wrenching terror shook her to the core.

   Present your ass, slut!" Snap Robert.

   Trembling Susan turned, bent over at the waist and planted her hand on the
deck.

   "Twenty count!" Boomed Robert.
Thwack! Once again Robert's belt slash across her left ass cheek leaving an ugly
purple welt, as the belt blazed across her rump. "One thank you Robert." Thwack!
"Two thank you Frank." Thwack! "Three thank you Robert." Thwack! "Four thank you
Frank..."



CLOSE LOG ENTRY 13




   Log Entry Number 14:

   Score Keeper

   Susan fought with all of her sole to keep her tears from spilling out of her
eyes as her rump was mercilessly beaten.

   Thwack! "...nineteen thank you Robert." Thwack! "Twenty thank you Frank."

   Susan was sure that Frank and Robert had striped the skin off her ass. Though
her ass was a mass of dark purple and black welts only the last two that were
delivered had broken her skin and was leaching blood.

   Though her limbs that supported her felt like rubber, Susan remained bent
over with her hands and feet planted on the deck and her blazing ass thrust
high. She was proud of herself for having kept her tears held back, so that she
wouldn't give Frank and Robert another reason to beat her ass. She cringed as
Frank spoke.

   "Let's go to the game little brother."

   "Okay, Frank. But we need someone to keep the score for us" replied Robert

   Susan nearly crawled out of her skin when Frank grabbed her blazing asscheeks
and kneaded them. "Bitch! Do you want to keep the game score for Robert and me"
Asked Frank

   Fighting desperately to keep the tears from escaping as Frank's hands mauled
her whipped rump, Susan in the sweetest, sexist voice that her torture soul
could produce mewed, "Yes please. I would love to keep score for you and Robert.
Please let me keep the score. Please Frank." Answered Susan.

   Releasing Susan's left ass cheek Frank reached behind Susan's neck. Grabbing
the leash that she had attached to her collar, Frank pulled her up right until
she was standing on her toes. Frank spun her around until she was facing him.

   "Follow, bitch!" barked Frank as he tugged on Susan's leash.

   As Frank led her towards her husband Susan struggled to keep up, but the
tightness of the cuffs around her ankles hobbled her movements. Just before
getting to her husband Susan stumbled, crashing to her hands and knees.

   Lashing Susan's back with the leash Frank bellowed, "Bitch! Assume your
position."

   Susan lifted her hands off the deck; straiten her back, spreading her knees
wide and looked at her husband's inverted, red painted cock, which Robert was
slapping back and forth. Her husband's cock had shrunk back down to its normal
semi-rigged size. Dry jism was splattered all over and around her husband, as if
when the backpressure of the release jism whipped his cock, around like a loose
hose nozzle. Even his ball sack was loose and wrinkly as the balls within the
sack droop down towards her husband's face near the deck.

   "Well, well FAGGOT I see that you manage to do something that the slut
couldn't do. You got your rocks off. Tell me how did you ever manage that,
FAGGOT? Oh! I see FAGGOT, you just thought about jamming your prick deep down a
little boy's ass and your cock went off. I guess that you really don't need that
useless slut after all, FAGGOT. Oh, well I guess we'll find something for her to
do. What's that FAGGOT?  Firing all of that spunk has made you mighty thirsty.
You wish that you could have some more of that yummy cocktail. No problem
FAGGOT, Frank will fix you right up." As Robert conducted his on sided
conversation he continue to slap James's cock around.

   Susan could hear the fiercely, angry, muffled noises of pure hatred emitted
from her husband. The noises were sudden cut off as he started to choke as the
shit and piss mixture gushed from his nose. Frank had once again started pumping
the vile liquid into her husband.

   "Bitch!" Frank snapped, "Set them deck chairs and table up next to the
skiff."

   Susan scrambled to her feet, got the deck chairs and the TV-tray type table
hanging on a hook on the back the cabin structure and hobbled as fast as she
could to the skiff. After setting the deck chairs and table up Susan hobbled
back to where she was kneeling and resumed her position.

   "Stand and follow me, bitch!" snapped Frank.

   Susan got to her feet and hobbled behind Frank over to the torture box.

   "Now, bitch; take four of the cocktail jugs and this pump (Frank nudge one of
the little pumps that had a tube fitted to the pump and ended with a "Y"
adapter, with his toe.) To the tub by the hoist and place the jugs and pump next
to the tub, then come back here.

   Susan picked up the items and hobbled over to the tub place the items next to
the tub. The tub was one of those, old style tin-wash-tubs. It was all dented
and bent out of shape and had a dull worn look to it, from years of use. In side
the tub was three brackets welded to the side, one near the top, one at the
center and one near the bottom. Susan had never seen it before. This must have
been what Frank disappeared for. Susan thought as she hobbled back to Frank as
fast as she could. Frank handed her two coiled ropes with lanyard clips, a five
foot long bar with a eye-bolt welded to each end and one eye-bolt in the center,
two heavy duty double headed lanyard clips, and a power strip.

   "Okay, bitch follow me!" commanded Frank.

   Susan followed Frank carrying the stuff he had given her. Susan notice Frank
was carrying a box that had the words "Official Scoreboard" stenciled on it and
two more gallons of the vile shit and piss mixture. When they got to the tub
Robert was already there

   "Slut! Hand me everything but the power strip. Then plug the power strip into
the external power box on the hoist, and then plug the pump into the power
strip. After you've done that climb in the tub, face aft and sit down." Barked
Robert.

   Susan complied with Robert's command. As she eased her beaten ass down in the
tub Frank handed her the suction tube from the pump.

   "Bitch! Slid the hose through the brackets until it rest on the bottom of the
tub." Snapped Frank. With that done Frank handed her the pump's discharge tube
with the "Y" adapter. Fasten the tubes between your legs to this."

   After hooking the pump's discharge tube to the tubes coming out of the dildos
buried deep into her cunt and shitter Susan watched Frank uncapped one of the
cocktail containers and handed it to her.

   "Bitch! Sit up strait and pore this over your head." Frank roared.

   Susan looked between the jug in her hands and Frank with mournful, puppy-dog
eyes. Thinking to herself, "O-God he can't be serious. He can't really want me
to dump this piss and shit over me."

   Frank yanked up on Susan's leash as he spoke to his brother "Robert go get
the belts. Were going to beat the skin off this bitch's ass then her breasts.
Then I'm going to stomp on her fingers smashing every bone in them while you
pour the cocktail over her. Or bitch you can do it yourself right now!"

   Sobbing Susan spoke "Please Frank, let me dunk..."

   "Shut the fuck up bitch! You have three seconds to start pouring then Robert
WILL go get the belts, BITCH!" Roared Frank.

   Quivering like jello, Susan lifted the container of shit and piss over her
head and begin pouring. The vile smiling liquid splashed down on her head ran
down her face and through her hair. It flowed around and into the "brassier",
swirling around her breasts and streaking down her stomach and back, then
seeping into and around her "panties". Finishing up in a pool in the bottom of
the tub. Not only was the liquid fowl smelling but it was bone chilling cold".

   "Bitch! Drop the container on the deck." Roared Frank. Frank open the second
container, and handed to Susan. "Pore, bitch!"

   Susan, pored the second container over her, then dropping the empty container
to the deck next to the first one

   As Frank handed Susan the third container he barked "Bitch! Tilt your, head
back and open that sewer mouth of yours and pore it in. You can drink it if you
want to bitch. But all of the remaining cocktail will pass through that sewer
mouth. Now do it!

   Susan tred to avoid swallowing any of the vile stuff but as gallon after
gallon gurgled through her mouth some of it got through to her stomach. She was
down to the last quarter of a gallon of the last container when Frank barked two
simple words at her.

   "DRINK BITCH!"

   Susan drank the last of the shit and piss solution then dropped the container
down onto the deck. Susan sat there in almost six gallons of cold piss and shit
every one of her cuts, welts and abrasions burned as the acidic liquid leached
into them. Her teeth chattering, her lips turning blue. Feeling totally dejected
as her stomach churned. Susan sat waiting, as the two brothers burst out
laughing hysterically.

   "Bitch! Reach over and turn the pump on." Frank snapped with fits of giggles.

   Susan reached and flipped the power switch on top of the pump to the on
position. From the tips of both dildo that were stuffed deep in her twat and
rectum, puffs of air assaulted the top of her fuck tunnel and her shit chute,
then spurts of liquid and air mixture, followed by a steady stream of liquid. As
the pump caught suction Susan begin to bloat and cramp from the douche and
enema. As her cavities filled with the fowl liquid it started squeezing past the
dildos and spurting out of cunt and ass. The fowl liquid; passing around the
tight fitting panties and back into the tub to be sucked up once again by the
pump and sent on its endless journey through her body cavities.

   "You're up little brother." Said Frank with mirth in his voice.

   Choking back his laughter Robert roared with the sternest voice that he could
muster. "Now slut! Am I going to have any trouble out of you? If so let me know
NOW! So that Frank and I can start stripping that hide of yours off you, right
now. (Robert started jabbing harshly the expose portion Susan's of right breast
with the bar she had given him, as he spoke each of the following to her.)
This... is... your... only... warning... at... the... first... sign... of...
resistance... or... rebellion... and... we'll... start... hide... stripping! GOT
THAT SLUT!"

   In a pleading voice Susan responded, "No, no, Robert I won't give you any
trouble at all. I will do what you and Frank tell me to do. Please don't hit me
any more. Please Robert I'll be good."

   "Then let's get started then, here take these." Robert handed Susan the
double-headed lanyard clips and the five-foot bar. "Slut! Take this bar and clip
one of your ankle cuffs to each end of the bar"

   Susan had no problem clipping one ankle but she had to strain and stretch to
clip the other ankle to the bar. Susan sat there in the tub of shit and piss,
with her legs spread so wide that her hip joints started to ache.

   "Attach this to the bar's center eyebolt, SLUT!" commanded Robert as he
handed Susan the hoist hook.

   "O-God they're going to hang me upside down by my ankles." Susan moaned to
herself as she hooked the hoist hook to the bar that was spreading her legs
wide.

   "Slut lay down until the bottom half of your head is under the liquid.

   Susan slid down into the vile muck up to her upper lip, like it was a nice
warm bath with her favorite scented bath oil, instead of a wash tub with bone
chilling shit and piss solution in it.

   "Slut! Open that toilet mouth wide and keep it open."

   Susan opened her mouth as it filled up repressed the urge to vomit.

   "Good little slut! Now start drinking, slut."

   As Susan swallowed she thought that she was lower than a bitch, lower then a
slut, lower then a harlot, she was lower then anything that she could think of.
Here she was lewdly dress with her legs spread widely, laying in a washtub with
piss and shit solution in it. With dildos shoved deep in her cunt and asshole
that squirted shit and piss that flowed in and out of her two lower fuck holes,
while she was gulping the mixture down her gullet her through her upper fuck
hole.

   Her husband was stronger; he still was resisting the Andersons. They had to
force pump the vile solution into his gullet. While she willing gulp it down.
She would do anything to avoid any more beatings, anything at all.

   "Slut, push the green button!"

   As Susan continue to swallow, she reached and push the green button on the
hoist control that Robert was holding in his hand. Slowly the hoist motor took
up the slack in the hoist cable. As the slack in the cable played out, it
started to lift the bar that Susan's ankles, were fasten to. Slowly Susan's legs
were hoisted up, followed by her ass. As her ass was lifted higher the weight
that was clip to her left pussy lip slid down the furrow of her ass crack
pulling her left pussy lip towards her rump. The right clip sliding forward over
her pussy mound. Pulling the right pussy lip forward.

   "Slut, take a deep breath and hold it. Don't struggle."

   As Susan breathed in a lung full of air, her back was hoisted up in the air.
As her shoulders were lifted from the tub, Susan's head dove under the liquid
and banged against the bottom of the tub. Then her head was lifted out of the
tub. When the hoist stopped lifting Susan up only her long auburn hair was still
in the vile liquid. Her wide spread ankles hoisted Susan up in the upside-down
position. The vile solution was still filling her cunt and ass from the bottom
up, it squirted out of her bottom two fuck holes and ran over her inverted torso
around head through her face, through her hair and collected in a tub under her
head. Some of the vile smelling solution collected in her nostrils, witch she
snorted back out like a porpoise clearing its blowhole.

   "Slut! Reach between your legs and feel around for the wire that's there.
Then pull it forward."

   Susan reached between her legs and felt along her crotch for the wire that
was fasten to the alligator clip that was gnawing on her clit. Feeling it she
pulled on it. Feeding it between her fingers until she held the plug end of it
in her hand.

   "Plug the wire into this one" Robert handed Susan another wire.

   Slut, grab the weight that's resting on your rump and pull it forward.

   Susan couldn't quit reach the weight it self so she pulled on the short cable
until she held the weight in her hand. Gingerly she pulled the weight forward.

   "Drop it slut"

   Susan wince as a flash of stars filled her vision from the pain, of the
falling weight slammed into her pussy mound, viciously yanking her left pussy
lip forward.

   Robert handed Susan another wire. "Plug this to the left titty alligator
clip."

   Susan reached for the alligator clip that was painfully, elongating her left
nipple as it gravitated towards the tub and plugged the wire on to it.

   Handing Susan a third wire as he barked "Right titty, slut!"

   Susan plugged the wire in to the alligator clip on her stretched out right
nipple. Susan now had three wires run from her nipples and clit, to the box that
was stenciled "Official Scoreboard" on it

   Robert, handed her a forth wire. "Hold it, slut!" Picking up the power strip,
holding it out towards Susan, "Plug it in, slut!"

   Susan plugged the wire in her hand into the power strip in Robert's hand.

   Robert sat both the power strip and the score box on the deck and picked up
the two coils of rope with attached lanyard clips. He handed the lanyard clips
to Susan "Slut! Snap a clip on the D-Ring of each wrist cuff!"

   Susan clipped the ropes to her wrist cuffs as Robert turned her inverted body
so that she faced the deck chairs and table that she had set up next to the
skiff. Robert then handed one of the ropes clipped to her wrist to Frank. The
brothers threaded both ropes through opposite eyebolts that had been driven to
the deck. Frank and Robert pulled on the ropes together, stretching her arms
towards the eyebolts. Her arms were extended so far that it felt like her arms
were being pulled out of their sockets.

   Fearing to move her head, Susan glanced out of the corner of her eyes towards
her husband. He was still secured to the board and it was set up just like it
was before. His body inverted on the board. Torso tightly strap by the barb
cable to the board, arms and legs locked into place by manacles behind the board
with them press between the board and the cabin structure bulkhead, red painted
groin shoved out obscenely. Mouth sealed tight with a large dildo. Piss and shit
solution was pumping into his gullet.

   As Susan hung there upside down spread-eagled to the maximum. She watched
Frank and Robert (who had the score box) walk over and sitting down on deck
chairs.

   "Bitch! We're going to play a nice little game of darts... A game of cock
darts! And you, bitch, are going to be the scorekeeper. So pay attention as I
explain it to you."

   "O-God poor James! These sadistic brutes are going to deliberately pierce his
genitals with sharp pointy darts. They'll destroy his cock and balls. He will
never be able to have sex again.

   "The game is simple, bitch. Each player had ten throws per turn. Stick a dart
into the gentiles receive five points, in either tit area that's painted red
three points, any where else on the body one point. As scorekeeper bitch you
needed to keep track of the scoring. I'm going to be the left tit player."

   Robert pushed the button on the box that read "Left Tit" Susan was jolted by
a current of electricity that ripped through her left nipple through her spongy
breast flesh and thundered into her chest, driving all of the air from her
lungs. Susan gasped for air as Frank continued.

   "That Bitch was level three, we normally play at level five, but it can reach
level ten. A level I strongly recommend that you try to avoid. So pay attention
and don't screw up. Robert's the right tit player.

   Susan gasped for breath again as her right breast was charged with
electricity as Robert pushed the "Right Tit" button.

   Frank drone on "Bitch! The player who turns just ended will press his proper
tit button for ten seconds. This will let you know whom's score to added up
bitch. Then bitch the five-point button will be press once for each dart that
stays stuck in to the cock and or balls at the end of the turn.

   Robert pressed the "Five Point" button, three times, sending three separate
bolts of electrical current down the wire to her clit. Her clit felt like it had
just been set on fire.

   "Slut! What would the total be on that?" asked Robert.

   Gasping Susan responded "Fifteen Robert. Three jolts to my clit equals
fifteen point scored on the gentiles, Robert."

   In a monotone voice Frank continued. "Then the proper tit button for that
player will pressed for each of the remaining point score that round, bitch."

   Robert pressed the "Right Tit" button eight times "What's the total Slut!"

   "Twenty-three Robert. The total score for that players turn was twenty-three
points scored Robert." Gasped Susan

   "That's right slut! Now after you total the score for that turn announce the
players name, his sub total for that turn the added the previous turn grand
total with this turn sub total and announce the new grand total. Then slut,
announce Frank's total score followed by mine." Robert informed Susan.

   "Okay bitch now that you got the scoring down Robert will set the box to the
fifth setting. Take head to these warnings. If you mess up on the scoring the
setting will be bumped up to the next setting. If you are caught doing anything
but keeping score the box will be set to ten and all three buttons will be held
down till we decide to stop. So no stargazing no talking, no pleading, and no
anything else. Just keep the score BITCH." Frank said sternly.

   In unison Frank and Robert yelled, "LET THE GAME BEGIN!"

   Frank and Robert became enthralled in the game of cock darts as Susan
struggled to keep the score straight. She was never very good at mathematics.
Saddle with the additional burden of the pain from the electrical charge that
hammered through her body made it even harder for Susan to keep the scores
straight and accurate. Already Robert had increase the settings twice, The dial
was now sitting on seven Susan was sure that the last increase was done out of
pure spite not due to any error in math that she did. But what could she do. She
was trapped there. A human electrical score board. No not human not even a lowly
worm. Just an object to pump shit and piss through and something to hammer
agonizing pain into. God, how she wished that they would just stop filling her
body with electricity and simply beat her with their belts.

   On one of Frank's turn he push and held the left tit button for ten seconds
then he press five point button three times sense he manage to get three darts
to stick into James cock for a total of 15 points for the five pointers. Next he
pushed the one point button twice two darts stuck in to James's body else where
giving 2 points for the one pointer 15+2=17 points for Frank for that round
95+17=102 points for the game so far for Frank.

   "Frank has just gotten seventeen points this round. Frank had ninety-five
points before. Frank's total score so far is one hundred and two points. The
game score now stand's at Frank's one hundred and two points to Robert's
forty-eight points. Its Robert's turn." Susan gasped.

   "Shit Frank I'm never going to beat you at this game" Robert complained.

   "It's all in the wrist little brother. It's the wrist action that dose it"
Frank responded.

   "Well I'm thirsty. I'm going to get some of that fancy beer they got down in
the galley's reefer. Want some" Asked Robert.

   "Sure little brother. I'll just sit here and relax until you get back."
Responded Frank.

   Never in her wildest dreams did she ever think that she would be in this
position. Keeping score for two sadistic bastards; who was using her husband as
a dartboard. As the Pacific sun hit its zenith Susan realized it had been less
then six hours since her family's horrifying ordeal had begun.

   There was a lull in the game right now as Robert went to get some beer from
the galley. After all dart throwing was very thirsty work. Susan hung upside
down with her eyes closed thinking to herself.

   **********

   Just six short hours ago she and her husband had christen the main cabin of
the yacht. After leaving Honolulu and setting course for San Francisco James had
left Robert and her daughter on the bridge. Coming down from the bridge and into
the galley. James had come up behind her as she was putting a glass that she had
been drinking orange juice from into the sink, and started to nip the back of
her neck. "How bout braking her in." James softly whispered romantically into
her ear while nibbling on it, his eyes glancing to the yacht's main cabin.

    "Oh! James!" Susan moaned as she squeezed her thighs together as a delicious
itch roared up into her loins as James swiped her off her feet into his arms and
carried her into the main cabin.

   Dropping her onto the queen size bed James smiling down at her, started to
remove his clothes, said in his most sexy voice. "She's not really a ship until
we christen her. Bad luck, if we don't you know."

   Smiling and looking up at James's muscular, handsome body reached down
between her legs and cupped her pubic mound through her bathing suit as James's
swollen shaft came into view. It wasn't the largest that she ever had but his
use of it always made her mouth water and her cunt quiver with anticipation.

   As he, straddled her and begin to peel her bathing suit off her James
breathed in deeply as her magnificent breast came into view. They were large,
round and full. Despite being near forty there was very little hint of sagging
was evident. On top of her sand-dollar size, raspberry color aureoles sat a pair
of, inch long nipples. Bending over and sucking the left nipple in to his mouth
and letting his tongue flick and twirled the nub, he felt her inhaled rapidly
and gave a groan of ecstasy. Shifting to the right nipple, Susan arch her head
back and let her tongue run in little circles around her lips moaned and
shuddered.

   Susan felt James kissing her chest between her breasts and worked down her
torso as he pulled her bathing suit down her lean supple body. As he went a sea
of warm juices flowed in and around her pussy. As his lips brushed through her
thick auburn pussy hair and locked down on her sheath that her clit was peaking
out of, and begin sucking on her clit, her entire body shook in a fit of
passion. As her bathing suit cleared her feet she reached down with both hands
slipped them under James arm and guided him back up her torso muttering, "Well
then; we better brake her in then. We wouldn't want old King Poseidon to put a
curse on her. Do we now? Take meee!" cooed Susan.

   "OWWWW! OWWWW! ARRRGGG! O-God OWWWW!" Susan's mind was savagely snapped back
to her present predicament. Her eyes popped wide open as all three buttons were
held down for at lease thirty seconds Susan shacking her head back and forth
fighting the burning pain that the streamed into her from the electrical charge
from the scoring box.



CLOSE LOG ENTRY 14




   Log Entry Number 15:

   rigging a cargo hailer

  

   When Al returned from the galley he had his belt in his hands. He saw Edna
huddled in the fetal position with tears running down one set of cheeks and
gooey spunk dripping from the other set of cheeks. Al crouched down next to the
teen. Making a noose with the belt and slipping it over Edna head and pulling it
tight, restricting her airflow. Al then hiked Edna bound wrist up her back as
far as they would go. Looping the bitter end of the belt around her wrist to
keep them in place high up on her back. If she tried to move her wrist the belt
would tighten around her neck. Edna stared up at the overhead of the bridge as
Al rolled her onto her back. Standing up between her legs, Al kicked Edna's
sleek lean legs further apart.

   "Damn!" he said, as his leering eyes were locked on her twat as she lay there
with her moist pink lips slightly spread by the microphone peeking out of her
deflowered fuck tunnel. "It's slipping," he muttered. Rearing his foot back and
letting it fly forward the toe of his steel toe boot smashed into her twat
driving the microphone deeper into it.

   Edna howled at the top of her lungs as the searing pain sent stars bursting
in her mind. Writhing like a fish out of water across the deck in agony, she
felt her bile rise from her stomach. It sprayed out of her mouth like a fountain
and rained back down onto her face, breasts and tummy. Al nearly fell from
laughing so hard.

   As the big man's laughter died down he notice that some of the bile had
splashed onto him, "Shit Fucktoy look what you did." Al picked up the antenna
and used it to slashed across Edna's heaving melons several times adding to her
misery, then he tossed the antenna back on to the chart table. Al thirteen-inch,
wrist thick dong stood out rigidly from a thick forest of curly black hair like
a flagpole with deep purple veins running up and down it, the mushroom head
pulsing. The scrotum hung low with two balls the size of chicken eggs in it. The
cock and balls swung freely as he moved around the bridge. He looked out the
bridge aft window to check on the progress of his brothers and there victims.
Chuckling as he saw Susan being held over her husband's mouth by his brothers.
Turning back to the teen at his feet Al barked "On your knees and lick up this
puke.

   Still dizzy from the boot that was slammed in to her cunt, that sent pain
shooting through her body, Edna let out a deep rattling moan, and tried to get
to her knees. After her third attempt failed she slumped to the deck panting
heavily and eye's fluttering.

   "You don't seem to have anymore energy?" he asked in a merry voice, "Well I
should be able to fix that for such an energetic Fucktoy like you. Something to
really give you some get-up-and-go." Standing over Edna, smirking Al reached
down and grasped Edna around the throat and hauled her up into the air.

   Edna gasped and kicked wildly her face turning purple from the lack of air.
But before she passed out Al draped her over the Captain's chair.

   Al's beady rat-like eye's darted around the bridge. Locking on the boat's
curved, chromed-metal engine throttle bar on the console, a bent rod with a
gleaming round ball for the handle. Al chuckled at his own joke,
"Get-up-and-go!" he smirked. Ripping the throttle loose with one swipe of his
massive hand. "I'm going to ram this throttle up your ass, then when I want you
to go, I'll just turn on the gas!" His high pitch obscene laugh made Edna
cringe.

   "NOOOO!" Edna screamed. She clamped her eyes shut and squirmed on the arm of
the captain's chair, vainly trying to cross her legs and clenched her ass
muscles down tightly, as Al crouched between her trembling legs. Pressing the
thick, cold, chrome-plated ball against the dark star of her rectum.

   "UUUUHHH! AYEEEE! AAARRGGH!" she howled. Stung by the cold metal and sharp
press of pain, as the chrome ball parted her tight asshole and glided smoothly
up her poop-chute. "AAARRRGH! OOOOOH! YEEEOWWW!" she yelp with pain as the ball
was pushed over the bump created in thin membrane that separated her sopping
fuck tunnel and her seething shit passage by the microphone that was still
jammed inside her cunt. The screaming teen now had four inches of cold steel
jammed up her rear.

   Al continued pushing, driving the long curved handle up her poop-chute. "Does
the Fucktoy likes that," Al asked, entranced by the spasmodic movement of her
limber frame.

   "YES! YES!" she lied, hoping that would ease his savage desire for
humiliation and cruel pain.

   "That's a good little Fucktoy!" Al shouted, shoving the handle into her ass
the remaining five inches. "Done!" he stated as he stood up. Holding on to
connection fitting of the throttle handle with his left hand, Al grabbing her
right breast in his right hand he pulled Edna to standing position. "Now Fucktoy
were going to test this set up!" Al chuckled.

   When Al let go of her breast, Edna stood on wobbly on rubbery legs gasping.
She could feel the thick round ball of the throttle deep in her. Edna wrenched
her hips backwards and tilted forward sharply at the waist, and stood bow
legged, as she tried to adjust to the bend of the bar and its unyielding force.

   "Oh the poor little putt, putt needs gas?" Al giggled.

   Shivers of pain shot through her ass, as Al yanked back on the throttle.
"Ugh! Ugh! UNGGGGHHH! Edna screamed, and lunged forward on her shaking legs.
Edna twisted her hip to the left swing her left leg forward, then twisted her
hip to the right swing her right leg forward. Waddling her hips back and forth
like a duck.

   Al had Edna waddled around the bridge three times, as he walked behind her
holding on to the throttle. Yanking on her ponytail Al brought Edna to a Stop in
front of the starboard hatch. Al then checked the microphone in Edna's cunt.
Finding it protruding out, he pushed the microphone back up into Edna's cunt.
Twisting the microphone until the key-button was lodge into the lining of her
cunt. "Gassing" the throttle, Al and Edna went through the starboard bridge
hatch.

   "Fucktoy lets go see how mommy and daddy are doing." Al whispered into Edna's
ear.

   As Edna and Al started their trip back to the rear of the boat, she thought
that she was going to die, as the pain ripped through ass and cunt as she walked
down the bridge ladder. As she took a step down and before Al step down to the
same level the throttle would be yanked up forcing the thick ball head of the
throttle to strain the tender, fragile wall between her poop chute and twat
pushing harshly against the microphone. The pain was nearly overwhelming.

   Al let her stop twice; they weren't really rest stops but pain stops. While
they were stopped Al would slurped, her tit cones, after sucking as much tit
flesh as he could into his mouth, he would chew on her tit flesh that was in his
mouth for a while. Then clamping his teeth tightly down on the tit flesh and
pulled his head back causing the breast to be stretched taunt, he would allow
the breast to slip from his mouth scraping the breast skin with his teeth then
nipping the tit nubs severely making her howl. He did this to each breast five
times before "gassing" her to move on down the ladder once more. It was the
longest ten steps she had ever walked.

   Once on the main deck he checked the status of the microphone in her twat.
Finding it sticking out he shoved it back in with his hand till it bumped
against the ball of the throttle. Turning her so that she was facing towards the
bow, he yanked on the throttle to give her some "gas". Edna continued waddling
her hips back and forth like a duck as she headed toward the bow of the boat.

   With a quizzical look she glanced over her shoulder not understanding why
they were heading towards the bow, instead of heading aft where everybody else
was. Seeing the wide grin on his face Edna moaned as she realized that he was
enjoying her misery too much and he wanted to prolong it.

   As Al saw her looking back at him, his grin got even wider. "More gas" he
chuckled yanking hard on the throttle.

   Edna waddled her hips faster; again he "gassed" her to move her even faster.
Sweat leached from her pores. Steaming down in small rivers, as she strained to
keep up her pace.

   When they reached the bow of the boat Al shoved upwards on the throttle in
her ass lifting Edna up off the deck. "AAAAGGGHHH!" She cried as the throttle
slammed into her pelvic bone.

   Released his grip on the throttle Al bellowed, "Rest stop Fucktoy!"

   Edna fell back to the deck on legs that would no longer support her; she
collapsed to the deck in a semi-unconscious state, onto her side. Gasping Edna
watched Al, rummage through her father's tackle box and pulled out a spool of
fishing line, three long leaders, three weights and four..."Oh GOD! Noooo Please
no!" wailed Edna with her cracked voice, as she saw the four fishhooks come out
of the tackle box. Lastly he took out a pair of tackle pliers.

    Sitting on the Bow anchor hatch Al sat the spool of fishing line, and the
pliers on the deck in front of him. Then he attached three of the hooks to the
three leads. Setting two of the hooks with leads on the deck next to the other
items.

   "On your back legs spread wide, Fucktoy." Al commanded.

   Edna rolled on her back, spreading her legs wide. Straddling Edna Al sat down
on Edna's stomach. He could feel the microphone and the ball of the throttle
that nested in deep within her body, pressing against his ass as he settled
down. His thirteen-inch cock, lay in the valley between Edna's succulent tit
mounds.

   "Omff! Arrggee!" Edna groan as air rushed out of her lungs. Mix with pain
from her cunt, ass, and wrist as her body took the strain of Al weight as he sat
down on her stomach. Raising her head and looking down her body she could see
the knob of his cock sticking out from between her breasts, looking like a huge
purple plum. She glanced up into Al's face. He looked back at her with a wide
grin.

   Chuckling "Cargo time, Fucktoy." With that he grabbed the pliers off the
deck. Edna gave out a hoarse howl, as Al grasped her left nipple with the pliers
and pulled it taunt. Al placed the point of the hook on the bottom of the breast
just behind the large dark pimply aureole.

   Edna's body grew stiff as she watched Al begin to push the hook in to the
soft under tissue of her breast. "Please! No! Why are you doing this?" she asked
in a meek, trembling voice.

   "We need to move cargo, Fucktoy" Al said in a voice so seriously that Edna
would have laugh if not for the fear and pain that rattled her body. PLOP! The
sudden piercing of her flesh by the hook made Edna's blue eyes bulged, and she
started a long guttural shriek as the hook continued to pass through the spongy
tissue. Searing white-hot agony ripping all through her helpless naked body. The
pain blistered her senses. She was screaming and screaming in sheer agony, but
it only came out as a low creaking, nasality, crackle.

   PLOP! The shinny barb of the hook popped out the top of her breast. Small
dabs of blood oozed from both points where the shank of the hook ran through her
breast.

    Edna was bucking and squirming on the deck as the searing pain rip through
her. Suddenly Edna went rigid, "OH! GOD! NOT AGAIN! Nooooo! Not again!" she
pleaded, as Al grabbed her right nipple with the pliers and stretched her right
breast, pressing a second fishhook to the underside of it. PLOP! Edna once again
was screeching hoarsely, as a new flash of agonizing pain raced through her
body. PLOP! Edna was gasping for air, her vision clouding, her mind dimming, as
the second fishhook was embedded into her spongy breast tissue. Watching Edna,
Al leaned back and sat on his heels. Smiling deeply, he let his breath out
slowly and licked his lips as he watched the teen's suffering.

   Edna was breathing heavily her breasts rising high every time she sucked in
air into her lungs. The shinny hooks that ran through her breasts glittered in
the sun as they rose and fell with her breasts.

   He was enjoying torturing this young girl. As he watched her face twist and
contort in pain, thinking to himself, "She only thinks she's in pain. Wait,
Fucktoy just wait." His cock was stiff as a board once again. Standing up Al,
picked up Edna's long ponytail and secured it around the forward port mooring,
cleat. Using two mooring lines he secured her wide spread legs to the starboard
bow railing support stanchions. Then he knelt between Edna's legs.

   The microphone was protruding out of her twat. Grasping the microphone he
jerked on it popping it out of her twat. Cooing at her, "Fucktoy, it's lube
time." As he rammed his massive cock into her twat chute once more. Laying on
top of her he drove his cock in and out of her like a jackhammer, with no regard
for her comfort, while he pulled and twisted on the hooks that were sticking
through the spongy tissue of her breasts. As he felt his jism about to boil out
of his cock, he pulled it out of her and stood straddling her body, over her
boobs. As the jism spurted from his cock he hose down her breasts and face with
his sticky jism. Paying particular attention to the hooks in her breast and
allowing it to pool in her eye sockets.

   With a gurgling, raspy voice Edna sang sweetly, "Thank you My Lord and
Master, for using Fuck Central for your, cum deposit on my titties and face."

   Kneeling between her legs again with the Glowing red cylinder Al pressed in
into Edna's flesh again. Now Edna body bore six usage brands. Two burnt into the
soft tissue of her abdomen's upper left quadrant for twat usage. Two branded
"A's" on her chest above her left breast for use of the oral cavity. And two on
her left buttock for the trips down the poop chute.

   "What's that Fucktoy? You seem to be out of radio contact. Well let's see if
I can fix that for you. Okay!" Picking up the microphone off the deck Al jammed
it deeply back into Edna's twat. Patting her tummy he ask her "How's that
Fucktoy? Crystal clear? Perfect reception? Good." Slapping her twat hard he
continue talking to Edna. "Now you can send out you radio massage again,
Fucktoy."

   Holding the third hook and grinning as Edna droned out the radio massage once
again. At the top of her lungs which now only came out as meek croaking sound
that was barely audible. Edna interrupted her message every now and then by a
crackled yelp or a hoarse scream as Al pierce both the outer and inter pussy
lips on each side of her cunt slit with a single hook.

   With the spool of fishing line in hand, Al sled back up on Edna's stomach.
Starting at the base of the left breast Al wrap the fishing line tightly around
the breast going up it and stopping just below the aureole, then back down to
the base then securing the line. He did the same to the right breast. The
fishing lines that were wrap very tightly around each breast made them stick out
from her chest like twin torpedoes.

   "I can't hear that radio massage Fucktoy!" scolded Al. With grater force
behind it Edna croaked out the radio massage yet again.

   Al crawled back between Edna's spread legs with the last hook and the pliers.
Laying flat on the deck he inched forward towards her pussy. Reaching out with
his tongue he lanced it into the sheath that hid her clitoris. Edna flinched and
trembled as Al using the tip of his tongue rolled and flicked the head of her
clitoris around like a little jack ball. As his lips formed a seal around her
clitoris, he started to gingerly apply suction to it, while his tongue continued
its action around the clitoris and its sensitive tip.

   Rocking her hips and giving a soft gurgling moan of ecstasy, Edna's juices
begin to flow and her vaginal muscles started to quiver. As Al felt Edna
approaching a climax he started pulling his head back as he maintain the suction
on her clitoris and the tongue action. A small section of her clitoris shaft was
exposed. With a grin befitting Satan himself Al reached up, griping the exposed
clitoris shaft tightly with the pliers.

   As the pliers bit harshly into the shaft of Edna's clitoris, the massage that
she was droning out stop, as she let out a constant blood-curdling scream, her
body thrashing about spasmodically causing her tight wrapped breast to wobble
like high-rise buildings in an earthquake. Sitting up with the devilish grin
still plastered on his fiendish face, Al maintained his grip on Edna's clitoris
shaft. Using the last hook he skewer the head of Susan's clitoris with it.

   Susan's thrashing about cease as if a light switch had been turned off and
she began foaming at the mouth as the excruciating, apocalyptic pain seared her
nerves like a caustic acid. As her last grating, howling screech became still,
as the Sandman blissfully escorted her to the Land of Nod.

   As Edna laid on the deck in painful slumber, Al opened the hatch to the
anchor hold and went down in to it. Emerging from the hold with the ship's
anchor attached to a line. Placing the anchor on the deck next to the slumbering
teen.

   Walking over to the bow equipment locker, opening it he took out the first
aid kit taking out the ampoules of smelling salt and two self-adhering
eye-patches then threw the rest of the kit overboard. Sitting back down on
Edna's chest just below her breasts. Leaning forward Al held one of the ampoules
under her nose and snapped it open.

   Edna moved groggily for a few seconds then went still. Sighing deeply Al
broke open another ampoule, this time Edna stayed on this side of conciseness
but barely. Giving the teen a few moments, Al reached over for the tackle box,
setting it right next to him and opening it up. Snapping a third ampoule under
Edna's nose he mumbled to himself "Here we go!" as he felt Edna's body shudder
and watch her eyes flutter open. Once again she was firmly entrenched in Al's
demonic world.

   As the madding pain returned to her ravaged body Edna open her mouth to
scream but only a rattling air came out. The constant hollering, yelling, and
screaming had done its job. Edna Ann Garner, the Fucktoy, would no longer have
her hypnotic Lorelei singing voice to caress the universe ears. Perhaps with
expensive surgery she could get her voice to sound somewhat feminine, but at
best it would only be a raspy bass-baritone, her sweet ambrosia, mezzo-soprano
voice was gone forever.

   As Edna's cloudy eyes focus on the sadist that was sitting on her chest. Al
spoke softly but in a firm voice. "Welcome back Fucktoy. My, my don't we, snooze
quit often? Don't we? What's the matter? The harlot back there, weaned you too
early? The snooty whore of a mother didn't let you suckle long enough to get
proper nourishment as a piglet? Well Frank has a cure for that. Remind me to ask
him for you. But in the mean time you just must stay awake. Now where were we?
O-Ya! Rigging for cargo carrying. Reaching in to the tackle box Al took out two
large No-Knit Fas Snaps and two large lead weights.

   Edna shook her head back and forth as puffs of air rattled out of her mouth
as the muted teen tried to scream, as her tightly bound breasts were force
upward towards her shoulders by Al leaning forward on them.

   Al remarked, "Boy O Boy is this comfy. Fucktoy." Turning her head from the
left then to the right he removed her pearl earrings, then he clipped one of the
No-Knit Fas snaps to each ear lobe. Edna gasped as her breast sprang back up
like twin torpedoes, due to the way that they were tightly bound as Al sat back
up as he said "There now Fucktoy, those are much more useful then these..."
Dangling the earrings he just removed from her ears. "They are totally useless
for a Fucktoy..."tweaking her nipples with the earring pins, what should we do
with then?" Scraping the earring pins around her aureoles "Keep them for latter
or throw them away." Pushing the pins into the center of the nipples. "You
decide, keep or throw."

   Edna try to scream for Al to keep the earrings that held deep sentimental
value to her, but the only thing that came out of the teens mouth was a rush of
gurgling air.

   Al continued her tormenting with the earrings. "Well if you don't care enough
about them to even answer me," Rearing back his arm "I'll just get rid of them."
He thrust his arm over her head releasing the two lead weights he had palmed and
palming the earrings, as he threw the weights overboard. "These useless fucking
things."

   Tears of remorse weld up in Edna's eyes as she heard what she thought were
her earrings hit the water. Sobbing, to her self, "Daddy gave those to me on my
tenth birthday. After all the guests went home from the party and mom tucked me
in to bed for the night. Daddy sat on my bed and told me that I was no longer a
little girl, but a young woman. As he open the jewelry box daddy said that a
young woman needs these. In the box were the black pearl earrings. And tomorrow
I'll take my young woman in to the beauty pallor for a make over and get her
ears pierce. He never called her little girl again. It was the happiest and
proudest day in her life. And now this brute has thrown them over board.
Returning the pearls to the depths sea for eternity." Tears ran down her cheeks
as she sobbed in muted silence.

   Roaring with laughter as he put the earrings in to the tackle box "Stupid
cunt, these things are worth twenty, twenty-five grand easy." Al thought to
himself, "No fucking way am I going to throw away that kind of money. But let
the bitch think so."

   Pulling out two weighted, pro lite jigs, each had a simulated fish weighting
about sixteen-ounces each. At the head end was a small fishhook and on the tail
was a leader. Al grabbed Edna's left breast and bent it towards him, and drove
one of the jigs hook through the bottom of her nipple just above the breast
aureole.

   Edna cried out in a raspy gurgle that was barely audible and thrashed around
in agony as her left nipple was speared with the hook.

   Smirking Al spoke, " Now that's what I like, Fucktoy. A fuck toy that knows
how to be silent." He giggled as he repeated the process with the right nipple.
Edna's eyes begin to flutter again.

   "Now, now Fucktoy, no napping. You got cargo to haul," warned Al as he broke
another ampoule under Edna's, nose. Picking up the spool of fishing line and
cutting off a ten-foot length of line, Al tied one end of the line to the tail
end of the jig in the left nipple then threading the line through the snap
swivel in the left ear lobe. Edna watched Al as he repeated the process on the
right nipple and ear lobe. Picking up the three twenty ounce weights, he
attached a weight to each breast fishhook leader and tucking the weights between
the towering breast. Sliding down between Edna's spread legs and attached the
last weight to the fishhook leader going through the clitoris. Cutting one, last
length of fishing line and tied it to the hook going through the cunt lips.

   Standing up Al removed the bindings around Edna's ankles from the bow railing
support stanchions and her ponytail from the mooring cleat. "Get up Fucktoy."
When Edna didn't move he rapped her in the head with his steel toe boot. "I want
you to get in the kneeling position now! Fucktoy!" Al roared.

   Struggling and wincing as the objects in her twat and shitter shifted around
as Edna rolled onto her stomach. The pain in her tightly bound breast increased
as the pressure against the twin towers increased and all four of the fishhooks
in them were grind between the deck and her body as she drew her widely spread
knees toward her belly. She felt hundreds of fiery needles race through her
clitoris, as the weight attached to the fishhook that was implanted in it tugged
and stretch the clitoris, as her creamy, well striped ass rose into the air. As
she straiten her torso, her breasts felt like they were on fire as the weighted
fishhooks that were grappled into them tried to drag the twin towers to the
deck. Edna finally managed to get to her knees. Kneeling with her knees spread
wide, mouth open in a silent scream. She never knew such incredible pain,
torment and distress as the weights pulled on the fishhooks that were stretching
the flesh of her breasts, nipples and clitoris.

   Through teary eyes Edna saw, Al standing in front of her shamelessly
massaging his grotesquely huge prick-meat. "Fueling time Fucktoy." Edna heard Al
say as he rammed his grotesquely huge prick-meat deeply into her gapping mouth.
With the musty scent of Al's crotch drifting up into Edna's nose that was
smashed into his hairy groin, her chin resting between his sweaty balls and his
cock buried deep down her throat, she waited for him to face fuck her again.
Suddenly, her stomach churned and bile rose up as Al started to PISS down her
throat.

   Al bellowed, " Drink it Fucktoy! Drink all of my piss down that gullet,
Fucktoy!"

   Edna's flat tummy bulged out as the vile acidic liquid streamed down her
throat.

   Watching the kneeling teen stomach churn and hacking Al warned her in a stern
voice, "Fucktoy if you dump that expensive fuel you will lap and suck it back
up!"

   Edna gurgled pathetically as Al added another usage brand to her upper left
chest.

   As Al pulled his cock out of her gaping mouth, leaving a trail of piss behind
it, Edna closed her mouth and fighting the argue to vomit Edna looked up at Al
with swollen teary eyes. After wiping Edna's teary eyes, Al placed the
eye-patches over Edna's eyes, completely obscuring her vision Edna felt
completely used and degraded.

   "On your feet, with them spread wide, Fucktoy!" Al commanded.

   With her legs muscles twitching from strain Edna stood with her feet wide
apart, as Al place the ships anchor between her wide spread legs. Kneeling
behind Edna he attached a mooring line to the base of the throttle that was
sticking out of Edna's asshole. Then he tied the anchor line to the fishhook
that pined, Edna's pussy lips together.

   "OK! Fucktoy your cargo bay is all hooked up and you're all ready for
hauling." Al snickered.

   Standing up behind Edna, he grasped the two lines that were tied to the tail
end of the jigs in her nipples that pass through the snap swivel in her ear
lobes, and the line tied to the throttle sticking out of her asshole.

   Al yanked back hard on the throttle line. As Edna wadded her hips back and
forth like a duck, all of the weights that were hanging from the fishhooks that
were set in her flesh begin to swing back and forth like a pendulum. Which cause
the breast and clitoris to oscillate in unison with the weights, causing more
searing pain to radiate through her.

   As Edna started moving forward the slack in the anchor line became taunt. She
let out a long guttural howl as her pussy lips were yanked and stretched
backwards, as she towed the anchor across the deck behind her. As Edna
approached the port railing Al yanked back hard on the left nipple line, until
Edna turned left facing aft. Shivering and shaking with effort, bathed in sweat,
humiliation and purgatorial pain Edna continue on her long journey towards the
stern of the yacht in darkness, to join her parents and the two younger Anderson
brothers. Towing the yacht's anchor across the deck behind her with her pussy
lips. Once again Al yanked back hard on the throttle line. Edna wadded faster
intensifying her pain as the swaying of her breasts and clitoris increased.

   Giggled with elation, Al walked behind Edna, her plump meaty ass cheeks
jiggling as she waddled in front of him. As Al place his hands on the meaty
globes, he said, "Keep moving Fucktoy". As he kneaded the meaty ass cheeks, he
felt the muscles tighten then relax with each step that the tormented teen took,
made his cock tingle and twitch. Using his forefinger of each hand he trace the
line that separated creamy white flesh from the golden tan flesh running across
each flexing meaty globe caused by the swimsuit she had on as she was
sunbathing. Sliding the fingers down between her legs to her pussy, he pushed
the fingers into her pussy. One above, one below the fishhook that held the
pussy lips together. He felt the microphone resting on the narrow the ledge of
the fishhook's shank. Using his fingers he flicked the microphone back and forth
like a badminton shuttlecock.

   Feeling his balls tighten up Al thought to himself "Hold on big boy. Don't
explode yet, I'll get you some thing to spit into." After pushing the microphone
further up Edna's twat, he pulled his fingers out of it. As he straitened up he
raked his fingers across her wobbling, creamy ass globes then swatted them like
tom-toms. Leaving bright pink handprints behind on the creamy white parts of the
globes. Walking behind Edna, Al looked down at the anchor she was towing with
her pussy lips. Breaking his stride Al planted his left foot on the anchor,
stopping it cold.

   Edna let out a silent raspy gasp as the anchor she was towing came to an
abrupt stop, as it did her pussy lips were stretch to there maximum by the
fishhook that skew them. Stumbling from the sudden stoppage of the anchor, Edna'
forward momentum caused her to pitch forward. Edna sucked in deeply a lung full
of air, as the deck raced up. All of the air in her lungs splutter out from the
combination of a silent scream of pain from her breasts, being squished, and
scraped on the deck by the fall and the impact with the deck. Once again she
laid face down on the deck helplessly, her body in agonizing pain, gasping for
air.

   Walking by her Al snapped, "Kneel, Fucktoy!"

   All of the nerves in Edna's wrack breasts felt as if they had been set afire.
Panting and heaving she struggled up onto her knees. To be greeted by Al,
grabbing both her ears. As he, begin to pull her head forward, Al utter a single
word.

   "Open!"

   As Edna complied with the command, Al plunged his massive cock into her mouth
and down her throat. In quick rabbit like movements Al jerked Edna's head back
and forth by her ears, along his fuck rod.

   As Al ground his fetid groin into her face Edna trembled and heaved at the
thought that Al was going to urinate in her mouth once more. Monuments later a
wave of relief washed through her as, jism instead of urine burst forth from his
piss slit. It streamed from his cock, swirled around in her mouth, and squirted
down her gullet.

   Al roared, "Drink it Fucktoy, and swallow every drop of that cream."

   Edna knelt there in the dark drinking down every drop of his jism.

   After Al fired his wad in to Edna's mouth he let go of her ears commanded
Edna to suck on his dong. Edna went about sucking on Al's phallus. A short time
later he sprayed another load of jism into her mouth. Al shuddered with pleasure
as his cock jerked and quivered with every squirt of jism. As the last drop of
his cream was milked from his cock as Edna continue sucking on Al's fuck rod as
he pulled it out. Then he added two more of the "A" usage brands Edna's upper
left chest.

   Edna mouthed, "Thank you, My Lord and Master, for using Fuck Central for
your, cum deposit in my mouth." But only raspy, gurgling air came out.

   Kneeling in front of Edna, Al slid one of his hairy paws under each of her
breast and begin to stroke them gently as he bent over and started to softly
chew on her tittys, while speaking in soothing voice, "Very nice, Fucktoy.
You're learning, next time though Fucktoy, let's have some tongue action along
with the sucking." Reaching down to the weights that were hanging from her
breasts, lifting them up a ways, and sneered, "But its time to get to work." Al
dropped the weights, as the weights fell they yanked her hooked breasts downward
to the deck. Then as Al stood he grab the lures sticking out of her nipples and
dragged her up with him to a standing position. Salty tears stream from her eyes
to pool behind the eye patches. Her, face became contorted and air splutter out
of her mouth. As her breast were pulled in two opposite directions almost
simultaneously.

   Once they were both on their feet Al drop the lures, causing her breasts to
be pulled in one direction downward towards the deck. As the lures bottomed out
Edna did an uncontrollable little gig, causing all of the weights and their
associated body parts to send ripping pain through her.

   Al took up his position behind Edna and picked up the three control lines. Al
yank back hard on the throttle line. Edna lurched forward and resumed her
waddling to the aft of the yacht, towing the anchor behind her as she went.
Seeing his little brother stepping out of the galley Al called out to him as he
"gassed" Edna's throttle. As Robert turned and waved at him, Al "gassed" Edna
twice more.

   Waving as he turned towards the source of his beckoning, he saw the teenager
in front of his oldest brother. The weights hanging from her body caused her
breast and clit to sway bounce and jerk around as she waddled towards him.
Robert grinned like a Cheshire cat as he saw his brother behind the teen driving
her towards him. "Hay-Ya, big brother!" Robert replied.

   As Al came up to his brother he jerked both of the lure lines back, harshly
jerking both of Edna's nipples up towards the sky and back to her shoulders.
Pain ripped from Edna's hooked nipples through her cone shaped breasts to the
core of her chest.

   Edna came to a shuttering halt. How she wished that the pain would go away.
Even, if it were only for a second, she would be so grateful. Just for a second,
even her breathing caused new ripples of pain in her breasts. The weights
bobbing up and down as her breasts rose and fell with each breath. Pain radiated
throughout her groin, from the combination of the microphone stuff in her cunt,
the throttle jammed in her ass, the stretching of her cunt lips by the ship's
anchor and most of all by the weight that was trying to rip her clitoris out of
her pussy. These were just the most intense of her pains. Her entire body was
wrack in pain, from the top of her scalp from being hanged by her ponytail to
the sole of her feet that were beaten by a curtain rod. God she wished the pain
would just disappeared.

   Standing there as the brothers talked, her lean torso glistened in the midday
sun as sweat leached from her pores mixed with the sperm that coated her body
causing a new torment. A madding itch an insatiable, insane itch that Edna's
could not relive. As the dreaded itching increased Edna begin to squirm. This
caused the weights to sway, sending even more pain to rattle through her.

   "I see that you got some new transportation there," Remarked Robert.

   "Ya! It's a sleek, compact model. It's practically new only one user so far.
Al giggled.

   "Well, well, I'll just have to try her out sometime?" continue Robert.

   "Sure, no problem," replied Al.

   "How does she handle?" inquired Robert

   "Will she's a bit slow, and need some front-end work, she wobbles fearsomely.
It makes the whole thing to shake, rattle and roll like crazy. But it dose make
the rear bumpers jiggle delightfully, and the front bumpers sweep to and fro in
true ecstasy. And she can move along at a steady pace. Over all she is a sensual
pleasure to drive" Al informed his brother.

   Edna turned a bright reddish-pink as her humiliation deepened, as Al and
Robert talked about her as a truck.

   "It's runs so quietly. Remarked Robert.

   "Ya! It was real noisy at first, but I fixed that. No more sing-song shit for
this model." Al replied, as he swatted Edna's rump to prove his point

   Edna spluttered out a pathetic silent gurgling yelp as the flaming impact of
Al's hands on her bottom caused the weights to jiggle thus increasing her
languishing pain.

   "Sweet, real sweet." Cooed Robert, rubbing his hand on Edna's just swatted
ass.

   "Well it seems that it's a pretty nice little rig how well does it haul?

   Don't know yet Bobby, this little hauling rig hasn't been tested with a load
yet. Its just been putting around with a empty cargo bay so far." 

   "Well were just going to have to test it, won't we," suggested Robert, as he
spun Edna's breasts in circles via the fish shape lures hooked in her nipples.

   Edna wept behind the patches covering her eyes. She had thought she herself
was the cargo hauler and the anchor was the cargo that she was hauling with her
pussy lips. But now she found out that she was wrong. She was only the engine
part of the set up and the anchor was the cargo hauler. And she had yet pulled a
load, with her pussy lips. Edna shuttered to her core at the thought of pulling
even more weight with her pussy lip, that were already aching, throbbing and
sending sparks of pure agonizing pain up through her hooked and stretched pussy
lips to explode behind her eyes like fireworks. She didn't think that she could
do it.

   "So what's up aft?" quizzed Al.

   "Just playing a little game of darts with the faggot and the slut is helping
to keep the score. I just came back here for some beer." explain Robert.

   Al grinned at the thought of James being used as a dartboard and Susan being
wired up to keep score sent ripples of delight through him. Well let's get back
there then.

   Edna tried to phantom why her farther and mother would be playing a dart game
with these fiends.

   "Okey-dokey! Just give me a sec to get some beer for Frank," Robert stated

   "What's that Fucktoy? You want me to get the beer, while Bobby, service you.
Let me check. Robert can you service Fucktoy?" Snickered Al.

   "No problem, no problem at all. I'll service this rig of yours while you get
the beer." Giggled Robert.

   Smirking as stood in front of Edna, Robert stop spinning Edna's breast by the
lures that were imbedded in her nipples. Pulling the lures in opposite
directions, that forced the teen's breasts to be spread far apart from each
other as Al stepped through the hatch into the galley.

   "Piglet! I want you on your knees and sucking and licking my nuts till I tell
you differently." Snarled Robert.

   Edna dropped to her knees as Robert yanked the lures towards the deck
savagely. She banged her nose on Robert's thin, ten-inch long prick as her
tongue lanced out for Robert's scrotum. Her taste buds were accosted by a putrid
cheesy taste. She scooped up one of his testicles with her tongue. Lobbing it
into her mouth, and begin sucking on it.

   "Lick it, Piglet! Use your tongue!" Robert demanded as he griped her hair.

   Edna twirled her tongue around his testicle vigorously as she continued to
apply suction on it. The wiry hair scratch her tongue as it flicked around the
testicle that was in her mouth. She sucked and twirled, twirled and sucked.

   "Don't forget the other one Piglet!" Robert snapped.

   Edna let the nut in her mouth to pop out and shifted to the other nut,
sucking and licking avidly. She alternated between them. Slurping, sucking,
licking and blowing on Robert's nuts.

   "Now the shaft, Piglet!" Robert barked

   Starting at the hairy root of Robert's cock she began bathing his prick with
her tongue sliding up and down the long slender shaft. As her tongue flicked
pass the slit at the head his cock she wiped the pre-cum off of it. She could
feel Robert's cock quiver every time her tongue whipped around the tapered cock
head.

   On one of the pass across the slit Robert thrust his hips forward popping
just the head of his cock into Edna's steamy mouth. Twirling her tongue around
the tapered cock-head as she sucked, Robert shuddered with pure pleasure. Slowly
he pumped his cock in and out as Edna maintain the action around the entire
length of his cock shaft. Just as the first sprits of jism squeezed out of the
cock slit Robert rapidly pulled his cock out of Edna's mouth, grasping it with
his hand he hose her face and breast with his jism.

   When the last bit of jism squirted out, Robert rammed his cock back in her
mouth while commanding her to "Suck my prick, Piglet! Suck it hard."

   With Robert's cock sliding deep down her throat Edna sucked as hard as she
could, vacuuming the last of his jism till his ball sack was drained dry and his
cock begin to soften. Thinking that the lewd act was over and he was about to
pull his cock out of her mouth Edna let out a sigh of relief as she continue her
hard sucking of Robert's cock. Then her taste buds were bathed in piss. Once
again she had to endure someone pissing in her mouth. She started choking and
bile rose up from her stomach.

   "DRINK IT, PIGLET! Drink all of my piss down, Piglet! Keep sucking till I
tell you to stop." growled Robert as he grabbed and twisted the lures in her
nipples.

   Edna gulped down Robert's piss down her gullet, as he dumped twice as much
piss as Al did. When the piss stream stopped she continue to suck on Bob' cock
until Robert pulled his cock out of her mouth." Stand, slut," Robert commanded.

   Edna struggled to her feet once again, fighting the urge to puke as the piss
churn in her stomach. "Thank you, My Lord and Master, Robert, for using Fuck
Central for your, cum and piss deposits in my mouth." With two loads of piss
moistening her parch throat and two loads of slimy spunk coating her vocal cords
Edna's thank you came out with a hoarse raspy guttural male sounding crackle
that was barely audible.

   As Edna was giving Robert, his blowjob Al had return from the galley with a
plastic milk crate full of beer and ice. He sat it behind Edna on top of her
"cargo bay" which was the yacht's anchor.

   As Edna stood up Al asked, "Yo! Bobby did you log your usage?"

   Tracing the five branded, letter "A's" on Edna's chest Robert responded,
"Gee, Al I sure didn't."

   "Well Bobby how are we going to keep track of who is using Fucktoy's holes
and how often a particular hole is used?"

   Instead of the red cylinder Robert pushed the green cylinder button as he
responded to his brother. "Sorry about that Al I forgot that we were keeping
track. Now are we keeping track of the number of times we use her or for each
service that she performs?"

   "Each performance, Bobby. The chest for oral service, the tummy for the twat
and the heinie is for poop chute packing."

   "Well then lets see this little piglet force cream and piss from me. So
that's two oral service usage entries right?" Asked Robert.

   "You got it." Replied Al.

   Edna let out a low gurgling hoarse howl and her knees begin to buckle as
Robert burned her flesh with the green cylinder leaving behind a letter "R".

   Robert pressed the glowing green cylinder twice into the upper right side of
Edna's chest as far from Al's brands as he could get. How's that Al?" Robert
asked as he returned the green cylinder to the necklace.

   Al looked at the two branded "R's" on Edna's chest as he responded, "Perfect
Bobby." Al picked up the three control lines and Al beckoned his brother to come
behind Edna. "Well little brother are you ready to test drive this rig?" asked
Al.

   "You bit I am!" chirped Robert.

   Al started to speak in an educational tone to his brother, "Well then stand
behind her as I explain the controls." Al handed the two lines that were
attached to the lures, hooked into Edna's nipples." These have two functions.
The first is steering. Pull on the left line to turn left the right one to go
right. Give it a try." Robert pulled on the lines separately turning Edna first
left then right. Al continued, "The second function is to bring her to a stop by
yanking both lines back harshly together." Edna nearly fell over backwards as
Robert yank the two lines back. Handing his brother the last line Al concluded
his instructions. "This line is her throttle. Yank on it to start her moving. To
speed her up yank on it again to give her some more "gas". Okay lets start, and
watch out for the cargo."

   Smiling Robert yank back on the throttle line. Edna started her waddling once
again, but stopping short as the slack in the pussy line, became taunt. The
weight of the milk crate full of beer and ice had nearly doubled the weight that
her pussy lips had to move. The pull on her cunt lips was severe.

   Robert looked over at Al with a quizzical expression.

   "It seem to bog some what with a load give it some more "gas" Al said, made a
jerking movement with his hand.

   Robert yanked the throttle line back harsher this time.

   "It also may need a bit if tweaking" Al said, as he kicked the weight hanging
from her clit and sneered at Edna, "Pump them hamhocks, Fucktoy!"

   Stars leaped before Edna's eyes as the mind-blowing, excruciating pain rip
through her clitoris. Slowly the anchor with the crate atop it started to move
along the deck, as Edna's legs trembled with the strain as she put forth grater
effort.

   She waddled faster as Robert "gassed" her again. With the eye-patches
obscuring her vision Edna plodded forward blindly her pussy lips stretched
obscenely backwards. The searing pain in her clit increased, as the weight
hooked in it swung and bounced around wildly as she waddled along. As Edna and
party cleared the cabin structure Robert yanked on the left nipple line to turn
her left, then taking about five paces towards the yacht's center line, when
Robert yank on the right nipple line to turn her right. Robert "gassed" Edna
once more. Edna waddled forward ten feet while all three brother hovering around
her there hands roaming all over her. Then as Robert yanked back on both nipple
lines to bring her to a stop, Al started to talk about his adventures with his
Fucktoy.

   As Edna waddled in the darkness, towing an anchor behind her with her pussy
lips. Atop the anchor sat a cargo of beer and ice in a milk crate. Edna thought
to herself. This torment! I can't take much more of this, I surely going to die!
This bondage is so awful. The slightest movement causes me hideous, agonizing
pain. The rapes, O-God the rapes and forced to act like a pickup truck. And now
all three of them are prodding, twisting and poking me as Al describes in detail
what he has done to my poor abused body as he trace each Letter branded into my
body. From ripping my clothes off, to pulling this milk crate, full of beer out
here. Oh! I'm so exposed and in so much pain. Why do they have to be so cruel?
I'll gladly fuck and suck their cocks all day if only they would stop the pain.
My whole existence seems to be nothing but suffering and humiliation. What more
can they do?  I already am nothing but a fuck toy for these men pervert, sexual
gratification. What more can they do, I'm lower then whore. So what else can
they do to me?

   Mom! Moootheeer is th..th.that you? Noooo! Pleeeassse O-God Nooooo. Let me
die! Just let me curl up and die. I want to die. "MOOOTHHHHERRRR!" Edna croaked
barley above a whisper.

  


CLOSE LOG ENTRY 15




   Log Entry Number 16:

   Refreshment Delivery


   "Welcome back TRULL ..." through the haze of renewed burning pain in both her
breast and clit Al was hissing at her. "I have a gift hear for you I thought you
would like to see it.

   Through blurry eyes Susan tried to assimilate the scene in front of her. As
her vision cleared Susan gasped too stunned to speak. In front of her was her
teenage daughter in the most bizarre set up that Susan had ever had seen or herd
of.

   Standing in front of Susan, completely nude, glistening in the sun from the
sweat and cum that cover her trembling body, was her daughter. She was haunch
slightly forward, with her legs spread wide, her eyes covered with eye-patches.
Her arms were pulled high behind her back and secured there. Her breasts were
wrapped tightly, giving them the appearance of two traffic cones that jutted out
from her chest. Weights hung from fishhooks that were impaling both breasts
pulling them downward towards the deck. What, seem to be two fish with fishhooks
as teeth were suckling both of her nipples.

   The fishes had fishing lines running from their tails, through both of her
daughter's ear lobes, down her back into Robert's hands. Another line ran from
Robert's hand to a metal rod that stuck out of her daughter rectum A weight hung
from a fishhook that went through the head of her daughter's clitoris,
stretching the clitoris towards the deck. And pinning her daughter's cunt lips
together was a fishhook that was tied to a anchor with a milk create full of
beer and ice sitting atop the anchor that sat on the deck, that grossly
stretched her daughter's cunt lips backwards.

   On the upper left side of her daughter's chest above the breast were five
"A's" burnt into the skin. On the left side of the chest were two "R's" scorched
into the flesh and on her daughter's stomach just below the left rib cage were
two more "A's" branded into the skin. All, three of the Anderson brothers were
prodding, pitching, poking, over her entire body, and yanking on the hooks. Now
Al's was reciting step by step every perverted and lewd act he has done to her.

   Cursed? Poseidon didn't curse them. He DAMMED them! He turned her and her
family straight over to Hades, who had condemned them to Tartarus for there
blaspheme. To suffer in a perpetual world of utter misery with no reward just
unimaginable agony and humiliation.

   "Oh! Edna what have I gotten you into" moan Susan.

   "MOOOTHHHHERRRR!" Edna croaked barley above a whisper.

   "It's a new putt-putt. Would you like to see it work? You would! Okay, here
it goes." Snickered Al.

   "Can I show the bitch how the putt-putt works?" Asked Frank.

   "Sure Frank, take her for a spin." Replied Al.

   Frank retrieved the control lines from Robert as Al snapped at Susan "Trull!
Watch Frank demonstrate how to use your new putt-putt! If you don't Trull..."
Holding the score box in front of Susan' eye's he turned the settings control to
all the way up to the tenth level. "I'm going to burn those boobs and clit off
with this!" Al hovered his fingers over the three buttons on the score box.

   As Al stood back Susan shifted her attention to Frank and her daughter Frank
was pulling on the line that was tied to the fish that was chewing on her
daughter's left nipple. As Frank continue to pull on the line, her daughter's
conical, bound left breast was pulled up towards her left shoulder as her
earlobe was pulled down towards it, forcing her head to cock to the left. Slowly
her daughter turned to the left. As her daughter face the bow Frank stopped
pulling on the line and her daughter stopped turning.

   Frank yanked sharply back on the line that was tied to the metal rod sticking
out of her daughter's ass. Her daughter started moving forward slight haunch
forward with her legs spread wide, swaying her hips back and forth in a lewd and
perverted fashion as she waddled towards the bow. Her daughter came to a
shuddering halt as the line leading from the hook in her pussy lips to the
anchor and milk crate full of beer on the deck became, taunt. Frank yanked
violently back on the metal rod line. Susan saw her daughter's leg muscles
quiver as she exerted greater effort to over come the friction the deck was
putting against the anchor. As the anchor begin to slide, Susan saw her
daughter's pussy lips stretched horribly as small drops of blood splattered to
the deck from the holes in her daughter's pussy lips where the fishhook pass
through them. As her daughter dragged the anchor across the deck Susan heard low
pitiful gurgling noises emitting from her daughters throat.

   Al hollered "More Gas!"

   Susan saw Frank yanked back on the metal bar line which caused her daughter
to waddle at an accelerated pace towards her husband. Just before the pair
reached her husband, Frank pulled back on the right breast line forcing her
daughter to turn in wide arc and headed back towards her. From the front view
waddling at a rapid pace towards her, Susan could see her daughter's conical
bound breast and grossly stretched clitoris bobbed around like a drunker, as the
weights attached to them swayed and bounced around in conjunction with her
waddling movement. As Frank and her daughter approached there starting points Al
stepped on the milk crate, stopping it and the anchor. Susan saw her daughter's
body shuttered and plummet face first, to the deck as a barely audible croaking
scream gurgled from her daughter's throat. Susan started screaming, bucking and
trying to rip herself free of her binding. But it was to no avail; the bindings
held her tightly.

   "Shut the fuck up, Trull!" roared Al then slammed his hand down on the three
score box buttons.

   Suddenly Susan's clit and tits felt as if they had burst into flames. She
jolted against her bindings but they held her immobile, She felt the fine hairs
covering her body stand up on end as the electrical current flowed like a river,
cascaded through her entire body. Her head lashed from side to side and her
tense muscles rippled across her body. The electricity bore into her spongy tit
flesh and clit, swelling them until they felt as if they were about to explode
off her body. Susan shouted, yammered, sobbed and grew lightheaded as the
electricity seemed determine to fry her body.

   There wasn't enough electrical current to permanently damage her much-less
kill her but Susan didn't know that. All she thought was that she was in the
final stages of being electrocuted. As her spongy tit flesh and clit were burned
away, muscles cramping terribly while every cell in her body was popping like
popcorn. The current caused her stomach muscles to ripple and clamp down
squeezing the stomach like a wine bladder, forcing the contents of her stomach
to jet through her chattering teeth and out of her mouth. Piss and shit shot up
into the air like water from, a water fountain.

   "That should be enough for now." Al said to no one in particular.

   Then it stopped! Susan gasped for breath, hanging upside down feeling the
painful pulling against her elbows, shoulders, knees, and hips joints. Her tits
and clit still felt as if the had been burned off. Every muscle in her body
ached and still rippled as spasms shot through them.

   Susan herd all three of the Anderson's crowed in laughter like demons just
released from hell as they watched her tortured body squirting her own shit and
piss from under her panties to mix with the vile solution already being pump
through her pussy and shitter.

   "Are you ready to apologize and behave, Trull?" asked Al.

   Stuttering, through a swollen and bleeding tongue and crack teeth Susan
answered. "Yes Al, I'm ready to behave. I'm sorry for behaving so badly. Forgive
me Al. Please forgive me."

   Frank walked over to Susan and picked up the weights hanging on her nipples.
"I told you bitch that you didn't want to experience the tenth level didn't I.
But did you heed my warning? No you didn't, did you. BITCH what you just felt
was a fifteen second burst. The next one will be a full minute, BITCH." Frank
dropped the weights he was holding in his hands.

   Susan choked back a yelp as the weights dropped towards the deck, dragging
her tit flesh with them. But as bad as the dropping weights made her tits feel
the pulling of her pussy lips and the constant chewing on her clit. It must be
nothing like the agony her daughter's breasts; nipples, cunt lips and clit must
be going through. Her weights were only clipped on, where her daughter's were
hanging from fishhooks piercing her flesh.

   Al yanked Edna off the deck by her hair until she was kneeling facing her
mother. Barking at Susan "Trull! Lock them peepers on that!" Al was pointing at
Edna. Then whispering into Edna's ear. "Fucktoy! I'm going to remove the
eye-patches now. You are to keep them peppers open and looking straight ahead."
Al grasped both patches and yanked them off the teen's eyes in one sprightly
movement.

   As Al jerked the patches off her daughter's eyes two pools of tears that were
trapped behind the patches splattered over her daughters tightly bound breasts.
Susan watched her daughter raptly blink her eyes as they adjusted from being in
the dark to the bright, Pacific sun.

   Edna tried to keep her eyes open as the eye patches were ripped from her eyes
but the harsh sunlight made her squint and blink. As they became adjusted to the
brightness Edna gasped, as she absorbed her mothers plight.

   "Fucktoy, stand up." Commanded Al.

   Gasping Edna struggled to her feet while keeping her eyes locked on her
mother's inverted form.

   "Fucktoy, my brothers and I are very thirsty. Turn around and drop to your
knees." Snapped Al

   Edna turned and fell painfully to her knees in front of the milk crate full
of beer.

   "Fucktoy, open that sweet mouth of yours and get a beer from your cargo bay."
Al commanded.

   Edna opened her mouth wide and bent over the milk crate and tried to pick one
up with her mouth, but the can was slightly too large to fit into her mouth.

   Al knelt behind Edna grasping the weight hanging from Edna's clit. Then in a
seething voice Al growled at Edna "Fucktoy, I know that you can open that mouth
wider then that, you did it when you were sucking my cock. So unless you want me
to yank on this..." Al tugged lightly on the weight that he held in his hand
witch pulled her clit."...until it rips out of your clit, you'll get that
fucking can in that mealy mouth of yours."

   Edna place her lips around a can of beer then jacked her jaw wider open
painfully until her teeth slipped over and around the can top.

   "See Fucktoy, you can do it! Now, Fucktoy standup and face me.

   Edna struggled to her feet and turned to face Al and her mother who hung
upside down just behind Al.

   "Fucktoy take that beer in your mouth to Robert on the fantail. After giving
Robert his beer drop to your knees and get another beer from your cargo bay and
deliver that one to Frank standing over there by the FAGGOT. Then get one for me
and bring it to me." Snapped Al.

   Edna look to the stern where Robert sat on the stern bench then shifted her
gaze to Frank who was standing next to her father's tarp covered body changing
her father's cocktail mixture container. A low mournful groan escaped from
behind the beer can wedge in her mouth.

   Al yanked on the fish that were suckling of Edna's left nipple and barked,
"Get moving Fucktoy!"

   Susan watched with tears welling up in her eyes as her daughter turn towards
the stern and started waddling towards Robert, to deliver his beer to him.
Dragging the anchor and milk crate full of beer behind her.

   "Fucktoy, you're not on a sightseeing tour. Your delivering beer so get those
ham-hocks a pumping or I'll go over there and gas you!" barked Al.

   Fearing to even blink to avoid being shocked again Susan let out a heavy sigh
of remorse, as she watched her daughter's entire body shaking with strain from
the increased the speed of her waddling towards Robert. Susan's own body
shuddered to the core at sudden bellowing from Al.

   "Drat! Trull, I need to go get the tackle box from the bow. Why don't you
just hang around here until I get back." Al chuckle as he headed towards the bow
of the yacht.

   Robert savagely yanked the beer from Edna's mouth as she pulled-up in front
of him. As Edna turned and dropped to her knees in front of the milk crate she
open and close while rotating her aching jawbone. Trying to work out the
soreness that was in her jaw from the unnatural position it was force to assume
with the beer can lodge in it. Edna bent over the crate and jacked her jaw wide
open to get Frank's beer. Just as her lips wrapped around a can, Robert kicked
the weight hanging from her clit. Edna shuddered and pitched forward her upper
teeth slammed into the can that she was trying to pick up. Edna let out a low
guttural squeal of pain caused by both her clitoris and upper teeth.

   Robert roared at Edna, "Piglet how am I suppose drink this! It's sealed! Get
that piss-guzzling kisser of yours up here and open it.

   Edna lifted her head out of the milk crate, turned on her knees. Robert was
holding the can of beer out towards her. Edna grabbed the pull-tab on top of the
can with her teeth and opened the can. A fine mist sprayed across her face as
the built up pressure was released. Before she could straiten Robert placed his
foot between Edna's breasts and shoved her backwards. Edna landed with a thud on
her back as a whooshing of air rattled from her lungs from the impact and stars
dance around her head as it thudded against the deck.

   "Frank is waiting for his beer Piglet!" Bellowed Robert.

   Edna laid on the deck gasping for air trying to refill her lungs while
fighting to clear the cobwebs from her head.

   Robert grabbed both of Edna's truss-up breasts in his hands and pulled them
towards himself until Edna was back up on her knees while he screamed, "What the
fuck! It's nowere near sack time, Piglet! Get that fanny of yours in gear and
deliver Frank's beer. NOW, Piglet!"

   Still gasping Edna turned back towards the milk crate, jammed a can of beer
in her mouth. After struggling up on her feet, Robert leaned forward grabbed her
throttle and "gassed" her twice. At a rapid pace Edna wobbled towards Frank with
his beer jammed in her mouth. As she approached her mother she saw that Al was
no longer in sight. Edna slowed down and was looking her inverted, suspended,
stretched taunt mother over. As both mother and daughter locked eyes on each
other both flushed with shame and pity. As she past her mother she heard Frank's
booming warning.

   "Piglet! If you don't get over here pronto with my brew, I'm going to go over
there and drag you here by your clit!"

   Edna sped back up.

   Edna tried to get a glance at her father as she came up to Frank's location,
but her father was completely covered with a tarp. As she stood next to Frank,
the can of beer was unceremoniously ripped from her mouth once again. Then using
her teeth Edna open the can. After dropping to her knees and getting Al's beer
into her mouth Edna stood and looked around for Al. Not seeing him anywhere Edna
began to fidget back and forth on her feet uncertain of what to do. Smack!
Smack! Edna jump as Frank swatted each of her ass cheeks with an open palm,
leaving behind bright pink handprints on her heinie.

   "Piglet, Albert is at the bow take him his beer. Starboard side!" Frank
snapped.

   Edna turned right to head for the yacht's bow. Just as she got the anchor to
over come the friction of the deck, Frank grabbed the steering lines attached to
her nipples and yanked back on both of them forcing Edna to come to a stop.

   "Piglet turn around, I want to show you something." Chuckled Frank.

   With a hoarse and dejected moan Edna turned and faced Frank. Grabbing the
fish that was embedded in Edna's right nipple Frank pulled on it until Edna was
leaning over her tarp covered father.

   "Just look at that FAGGOT'S cock and balls! Now isn't that a beautiful sight
to behold?" Stated Frank as he pulled the tarp off Edna's father.

   Edna gasped and started crying heavily as she look down at her father. Her
father semi-conscience bound body was riddled with small puncture wounds,
especially around his red painted groin area. His cock and balls supported over
three-dozen puncture wounds. Blood still was seeping from several of them, but
most of them had small brown scabs forming on them.

   Frank pulled Edna back to the standing position by the fish imbedded in her
right tit, as he barked, "Deliver my big brother his beer, Piglet." As Frank let
go of the fish, he yelled "NOW Piglet!" Then yanked up harshly on the throttle
buried deeply up her shitter until Edna was up on her toes. "Stay like that!"

   Remaining perched up on her toes Edna headed for the Random Access's bow at a
quick waddling pace up the starboard side as she dragged the anchor behind
agonizing pain lance through her cunt lips. When Edna reached the bow Al was
sitting on the hatch cover leading down to her parents' stateroom.

   "I'm waiting for my beer, Fucktoy," giggled Al.

   Edna groaned pathetically as she climbed up on the cabin structure. She
strained and stretch in an attempt to get to Al, but no mater how hard she tried
she could not lift the anchor and milk crate full of beer and ice up on to the
cabin structure with her pussy lips. Even with the coaxing of the antenna that
Al slash her back with. After five minutes of very painful exertion Al
effortlessly reached out the required six inches that all of Edna's agonizing
straining could not traverse. He pluck the can of beer from Edna mouth and had
her pop the can open.

   Al guzzled down the beer in one long gulp. "Another," Al giggled as he
bounced the empty can off Edna's head.

   The teen sobbed heavily as she slid off the cabin structure, over the milk
crate and down onto the bow deck upon her knees. Despondently she jammed another
beer can into her mouth and climbed back up onto the cabin structure. After
another five minutes of straining and stretching Al once again easily retrieve
the beer from Edna's mouth and had her open it wit her teeth.

   "Another beer for Bobby," chuckled Al, as he sipped the beer."

   Jamming a fifth can of beer in her mouth Edna headed for the stern.  She had
traveled down the port side about ten feet when Al called out to her.

   "Fucktoy, come here."

   Edna return to the bow and stood in front of Al. "Yes, My Lord and Master"
Edna croaked tearfully around the beer can in her mouth.

   "Did you come up that side?" Al giggled.

   Shaking her head back and forth in a negative response as she spoke around
the beer can, "No, My Lord and Master, I didn't come up the port side. I came up
by the starboard side, My Lord and Master." Edna croaked.

   "Well!" Snickered Al.

   The dejected teen let out a deep sigh of anguish as she headed for the
starboard side. She had pulled the anchor down the starboard side almost
twenty-five feet before Al's voice chirped out once again.

   "Oh Fucktoy, come back here, you forgot something."

   Edna wanted to howl. She wanted to tell Al to take a flying leap. She wanted
to totally ignore Al. She wanted to die. But Edna returned to the bow to stand
in front of her grinning sadistic tormentor.  "I'm sorry for being so forgetful,
My Lord and Master." Croaked Edna around the beer can. Though she had no idea
what the hell Al was talking about.

   Al tried to sound serious but his statement came in spurts of giggles.
"That's all right Fucktoy. But I regretfully have to inform you that you have
used up your last discretionary point. Your account is now due. Remove Bobby's
beer from your maw and crawl up here, lay on your back, legs spread wide."

   Tremulously Edna put the beer back into the milk crate, and then crawled back
up on the cabin structure. As before she stretched and strain towards Al before
she rolled over on to her back and spread her legs wide. She cringed as Al
scooted up on to her coned breast and sitting on them.

   Al pressed his fingertips of his left hand on her pubic mound and briskly
rubbed his fingers back and forth through her thick patch of cuntal hair. His
jagged, sharp, dirty fingernails rasp the under laying skin until it was raw.
Then Al coated every square inch of her cuntal hair with a thick coat of Nair.

   "You are to leave the stuff on your twat alone. Don't touch, whip smear or do
anything else with it. Just leave it the fuck alone!" Al warned Edna.

   Al slid back off Edna's coned breasts and inserted his massive cock into the
teen's mouth. Slowly he fuck Edna's mouth as he watch her squirmed and thrashed
as the chemical action of the Nair reacted to her abraded skin as it dissolve
her cuntal hair at its roots. After firing a load of spunk down the twitching
teenager's gullet Al marked his usage with yet another branded "R" on the left
side of her chest.

   "Thank you, My Lord and Master, for using Fuck Central for your, cum deposit
in my mouth," Edna croaked with an anguishing yammer.

   "Carry out your assignment, Fucktoy. "

   Edna slid off the cabin structure on her back being careful not to muss up
the hair remover coating her pubic area. As she jacked her mouth open to get
Robert beer Edna's mind fought with a dilemma. Was it her Lord and Master's
blowjob the thing she forgot to do? Or was it something else? She couldn't
recall Al or his brother instructing her to give or receive a blowjob. If it
wasn't the blowjob what was it then?

   As she stood with the beer can jammed in her mouth Edna darted her eyes
around the bow trying to figure out what it was that she had supposedly forgot
to do. She looked mournfully at Al who had a wide chicken-shit grin plastered on
his face.

   "What's the matter Fucktoy? Still can't remember what you forgot to do? I'll
tell you what, I can tell you what it is for a payment of one stroke across each
of your boobies per word. Or you can risk the penalty for not carrying out the
required task?

   If you want to pay for the information climb back up here on your knees as
far as you can and present your boobies to me. Or you can start heading back to
the stern to deliver Bobby's beer and suffer the consequence for failing to
perform the task. Go ahead and choose." Al seethed icily, all traces of humor
gone.

   With dread and foreboding Edna crawled back up on the cabin structure upon
her knees. She pulled and strain mightily against the unyielding force of the
anchor and milk crate full of beer and ice. She lean forward as far as she could
with out toppling over and thrust her coned breasts out to their maximum
extension.

   "Remain as you are! If you brake from your pose will receive a hundred
strokes across each nipple. Then be sent on your way so Frank can deliver an
equal number of blows to your clitty with the implement of his choice. Followed
by Bobby popping you ass little star, with his favorite toy. That is six
hundred, merciless blows to your most private parts. Now we'll start with the
information exchange." Al warned.

   With the Random Access fiberglass antenna in his powerful hand, Al got down
from the cabin structure and stood on the deck to the left of Edna so he had a
clear shot of her left breast. SWOOSH THWACK! Al moved around the cabin
structure for a clear shot of her right breast. SWOOSH THWACK! Two deep furrows
appeared across each of Edna's thirty-six inch melons, at the junction of her
chest and breast. "When..." Al mover back to Edna's left side. SWOOSH THWACK! To
the right side. SWOOSH THWACK! "...you..." two more welts appeared just below
the first welts.

   Throughout the information exchange Al moved slowly back and forth after each
blow. The time spent moving spaced out the impacts to Edna's breasts. This
allowed the teen to experience each and every agonizing blow to its fullest
extent. Instead of merging it in to one long burst of pain. Each set of welts
was place in between the coils of fishing line that coned her breasts.  Each
set, were delivered just below the previous set of welts so each blow landed on
a fresh bundle of nerves for maximum effect. The last two slashes brought up
welts just behind Edna's nipples.

   Though each of the blows were delivered with equal amount of force, To Edna
the blows seam to become more intense as Al worked from her chest to her
nipples. This was due to the way the nerve clusters became denser towards the
nipple end of the breasts.

   By time Al was finish the teenager had fifteen deep purple welts across each
of her firm youthful breasts. But none of the blows had broken her skin.

   All, toll Al had delivered thirty blows to Edna's breasts as payment for
fifteen words which were. "When you departed the bow, you forgot to take the
tackle box with you, Fucktoy."

   With her nostrils flaring in and out Edna sounded like an exhausted horse as
she breathed heavily through her nose, her. She was weaving perilously but she
remained in her position waiting for permission to break her pose. As she knelt
there straining with her blistering breasts thrust out, Beer leaked down her
front across her welted breasts from the beer can jammed in her mouth, that was
punctured by her teeth as her breasts were beaten. As she knelt there with the
anguishing pain throbbing through her breasts, Edna thought about those fifteen
simple words.

   "God its over. I've survived. "The tackle box." That's what I, was suppose to
do? Bring the tackle box with me.

   All of those, savage lashes to my poor breasts, for a stupid tackle box. God
he beat my tender breasts with that wicked antenna thirty times.

   The only words that I really needed were "Tackle box." That would had cost me
only four blows across my breasts. Hell I could have figured it out with just
the word "Tackle." That would have only cost me two slashes across my breasts.

   I shouldn't even have to pay that. I didn't forget, nobody told me to bring
that stupid box back with me. God thirty lashes for some thing that's not my
fault. Stupid; tackle box.

   "Tackle box."

   Dear God that was the last thing Al had told my mother as I was heading for
Robert to deliver his beer to him. Al said "I need to go get the tackle box from
the bow." Al never mentioned that I; was suppose to do it for him. It's just not
fair." Edna's was rattled out of her deep thoughts as Al pulled on the line of
the throttle sticking out of her ass, "gassing" her twice.

   Edna crawled back down to the deck and look over at the tackle box sitting on
the deck next to her. "I'm suppose to take that tackle box with me. But how my
arms are secured tightly behind my back? How am I sup..."

   Al grabbed the throttle in her ass and "gassed" her again with enough force
to get her up on her toes

   "Dear God I'm rigged up as a cargo hauler. Al wants me to haul the tackle
box. But how? How do I get it in my cargo bay? Cargo Bay." Edna ran her tongue
around the beer can in her mouth. "My cargo bay." Edna lean over the milk crate
filled with beer and ice. She jacked her jaw around and forced her mouth to open
wider. Using her tongue she pushed the punctured can until the can was worked
out of her mouth.

   She turned back towards the tackle box and dropped down onto her knees. She
flicked the handle of the tackle box up with her tongue; she then grasped the
handle with her teeth. Edna didn't realize how heavy the tackle box was. It must
be all of the lead fishing weights that made it so heavy. She couldn't lift the
tackle box strait up with her teeth. She had to jack and cock her head and jaw
around, until her lower jaw was wedged between the top of the tackle box and the
handle. With great effort she lifted the tackle box into her cargo bay. Once the
tackle box was sitting on top of the milk crate. Edna jammed another can of beer
into her mouth. Standing she saw Al grinning at her from his perch atop of the
hatch leading to her parents stateroom, once again.

   "Very creative, Fucktoy I just might forget the fact that you helped yourself
to some beer during the information exchange, for your ingenuity. But I doubt
it. Get the hamhocks a pumping; you are way passed due in delivering Bobby his
beer. Boy is he going to be piss. To say nothing about Frank who is also
parched."

   Edna didn't consider what the added weight of the tackle box would do to her
cargo bay, until the anchor line snap taunt. The seventy-five pound anchor, the
forty pounds of beer, ice and milk crate, and the tackle box that weighed close
to fifty pounds. Edna was dragging close to one hundred and sixty-five pounds by
her pussy lips. A part of her anatomy that was never design for the task she was
performing with them. She was dragging fifty-seven pounds more then her own body
weight of one hundred and eight pounds. And the anchor that was acting as the
cargo bay was not exactly design to slide smoothly across the non-skid texture
of the deck. Between the combine weight of the three items and the friction with
the deck, Edna had to strain with all of her might to get the anchor and its
cargo to side across the deck. Between the agonizing pain that radiated from her
pussy lips to explode in her head like a disabling migraine and the tearing
sensation she felt in her pussy lips Edna was sure that any second now that the
fishhook skewering her pussy lips would rip out.

   But like the whippings and beatings that Al had dish out to her so far, Al
used three years experience at the fine art of torturing when he had set the
fishhook. He knew just how much force it would take for the fishhook to be rip
out of her cuntal flesh.  He knew that the teenager could easily take another
eighty pounds of added weight before the fishhook skewering her cuntal tissue
would be ripped out.

   So it didn't happen the fishhook stayed imbedded in her cunt lips. Stretching
them horribly out of shape, as she plodded down the starboard side of her
father's yacht. If someone happened to place a snail next to her, the snail
would seem like a cheetah compared to the speed she was making. Edna had to
strain with every ounce of her strength just to keep her cargo moving.

    When Edna got to the starboard bridge ladder Al was sitting on it grinning
at her. As she passed him Al stood up and tightly wrapped Edna's ponytail around
his right hand. Al then yanked up on Edna's hair until she was standing straight
up on her toes. The unforgiving curved throttle handle that was jammed up her
poop-chute sent mind-blowing pain as it tried to punch its way through the thin
membrane that separated her vagina and rectum. As tears streamed from her eyes
Edna tried to scream but all that came out was a rush of air and a deep
gurgling, barely audible noise. That pain was mild compare to the pain that
followed. Al had reaches between her legs and grabbed the throttle then wrenched
up on it until Edna's toes were lifted off the deck. Al was hanging her in
mid-air by the throttle. Edna was certain that the throttle torn the membrane
that separated her two holes. Edna thrashed and bucked, sending all of the
weights and there attached body parts to bounce and jerk around madly.

   "Fucktoy I told you that this was not a sightseeing tour! Get your ASS
moving!" fumed Al. Lowering Edna so that her toes were once again touching the
deck Al half carried, half pushed, Edna towards her mother. Leaving behind a
trail of blood, as Edna's pussy lips were stretched to their maximum and start
to tear as the anchor, milk crate of beer and ice and tackle box was pulled
behind her.

   Seeing Al practically carry her daughter by the rod in her ass, Susan resumed
her struggles to get loose from her bonds as she screamed. "Stop doing that to
her, you sadistic pig! You're killing her! You fucking bastard let my daughter
go! Get your fucking hands off of her! You son of a bitch relea...."

   Edna crumpled to the deck gasping and dissolving into tears as Al releasing
his grip on her. Picking up the score box and walking over to Susan; Al Bellowed
in a bloodthirsty cackle, "Trull, you are a slow learner, aren't you! Oh well
let's see if ten full minutes of the box will teach you something."

   "GOD ALMIGHTY! NOOOOO! Please Al don't I'm sorry. Pleeeasee, Al dooon't!
AAARRRGGGEEE UUGGG OHHH!"  Susan caterwauled as Al pushed the three buttons on
the score box. Susan writhed up, down and all around within her tight bounds as
the electrical current boiled through her.

   As the current chew away at her nerves, Susan continued to convulsive,
spasmodically as Al barked at Edna. "Fucktoy! Get off your ass and bring Bobby
his beer! Or I'll come over there and "GAS" you again.

   Wishing that she had just a few more moments to "lick her wounds", Edna
squirm to her feet to deliver Robert, his beer as the weight of the anchor and
its cargo ripped her cunt lips further. Pulling up in front of Robert at the
stern, he grabbed the can of beer from her mouth. Holding it out to her, Edna
opened the can with her teeth.

   After jamming another beer from her cargo bay in her mouth for Frank, Edna
slowly started to get back up on her feet to deliver it to him. Edna never
completed the task on her own as Robert grasped Edna's ponytail and throttle.
Like his older brother Robert half-carried and half-dragged Edna at speeds the
she never could obtain on her own.

   When Frank got his beer Robert dropped Edna on top of the milk crate. When
the teen had a can of beer in her mouth for Al, Robert aided Edna to scurry over
to Al. Where Edna presented him with a beer in her mouth and to open it for him.

   "Fucktoy! On your knees right in front of the Trull and watch her." Snapped
Al as he guzzled the beer down.

   Robert released his hold on the teen and she slid to her knees to the deck in
front of her mother. She watch her mother thrash about like a crazed bronco.

   After about ten minuets, Al released the box buttons and set the box on top
of the milk crate. Susan stopped her bucking.

   "Now Trull are you going to behave?" asked Al

   Hanging limply in her bonds Susan moaned through her swollen and bloated
tongue  "Yes Al, I'll behave. I'm sorry for behaving so badly. Please forgive me
Al."

   "If not the next session will be fifteen minuets in duration." Snarled Al.

   "I'll behave Al. No more please Al. No more electricity, please Al. I won't
cause you or your brothers any more trouble. Please Al. I'll be a good little
slut." Susan gurgled, babbled and squeaked.

   "We'll see! Fucktoy, scoot closer towards Trull and to your left a little."
Barked Al. "That's far enough Fucktoy."

   Edna complied with Al's order. With her slightly haunch over position in
order to relive some of the pain that the throttle that was shoved up her ass
was causing. Edna's head hung over the wash tub that her mother was suspended
over.

   "Trull, you've seen how hard Fucktoy has been working (Al was holding his
beer can in front of Susan's eyes. While sloshing the remaining beer in the can
as he shook it back and forth.) ? Don't you think that Fucktoy needs a cool
refreshing drink? Go ahead Trull, ask Fucktoy!" Snapped Al.

   Susan nervously chewed her lower lip while asking her daughter, "Fucktoy, are
you thirsty? Would you like to have a nice cool, refreshing drink to quench your
thirst, Fucktoy?"

   Edna turned beet red as her mother called her Fucktoy. It was one thing for
this brutal sadistic rapist to call her that. But for her mother to confirm what
she was. A fuck toy! Nothing but a fuck toy; for Al and his brothers to
humiliate abuse and use at their whim. Her own mother knew what she really was.
Her mother knew that she was nothing but a fuck toy. Edna sunk completely into
disparity.

   Al knelt next to Edna flicking the weight hanging from her right breast,
while whispering in her ear, "Fucktoy, you need to answer your mother. Before
she gets angry with you."

   Edna swallow hard then mouthed "Yes, mother I am very thirsty." While,
shacking her head in an affirmative response.

   "Hear that Trull, your new putt-putt here is thirsty. Would you mind if she
wet her whistle with some go juice?" Al asked Susan.

   "Please Al don't..." Al started to reach for the score box. "No, no, Al. I
think it would be a great idea if Fucktoy would wet her whistle with some go
juice. Please Al let Fucktoy drink!"

   What should Fucktoy drink Trull?" ask Al

   "Al I think that the fuck toy would like to drink some beer." Susan replied.

   "Wrong answer Trull. Try again and get it right this time. And tell Fucktoy
not me. Nice and sweet where to get it from, where it is comings from and drink
some of it yourself to show Fucktoy how good it is." Al snapped as he picked up
the box.

   Tears swelled up in Susan's eyes as she looked at her daughter kneeling over
the tub. Knowing what the sadistic brute, which was tormenting them wanted her
to say, Susan shuddered at the thought of it. How could she tell anybody to do
such a vile thing, much less her own daughter?

   "Fifteen minuets!" Snapped Al.

   Fearing the jolting of the electricity more then the shameful act she would
need to tell her daughter to perform, Susan spoke to her daughter. She spoke to
her like a mother trying to convince a toddler to drink something the toddler
didn't like. "Fucktoy, sweetie you can drink the nectar that's collecting in the
tub as it bubbles out of my cunt and ass. Go ahead dear it is very tasty."
Sucking some of the vile liquid that flowed down pass her lips into her mouth
and swallowing it. "See sweetheart it very tasty, try some. Just bend over and
drink ok Angel. Its very, very yummy for your tummy."

   "Boy O boy hear that Fucktoy, your mom wants you to drink that shit and piss
cocktail. So what do you want to do? Do you drink some of that cool refreshment
or do you want to continue delivering beer.

   Edna looked between her mother, Al and the liquid in the tub. Letting out a
deep sigh she bent over the edge of the tub and started drinking. As, her
tastebuds were coated by the vile liquid her stomach churned, bile rose up her
throat filling her mouth and jetting out between her teeth to mix with the
solution in the tub.

   "Both of you drink!" Al commanded

   Susan sucked in more of the fluid that pass by her mouth and swallowed it
while her daughter lapped it up like a cat.

   "Tasty isn't it!" cackled Al, as he placed the box back on the crate.

   "Yes Al this is a very tasty refreshment." Susan replied as her daughter
vigorously nodded her head up and down to indicate yes.

   "Trull keep your peepers locked on Fucktoy here!" snapped Al as he opened the
tackle box and took out a pair of fishing vice-grips. "Stand Fucktoy and spread
them!"

   Susan watched her daughter struggled to her feet and spread her legs wide.
Once standing Susan was staring straight into her daughter's cunt. She saw Al
kneel behind her daughter. First he untied the line from the anchor, and then
using the tackle pliers he cut the barb off the hook that went through her
daughter's pussy lips, and pulled the hook from the pussy lips. Al inserted his
fingers into her daughter's pussy and started to wiggling and flexing them as if
he was adjusting something inside of her daughter.

   "Fucktoy lock your knees and remain standing or I'll reattach your cargo
hauler to these, (Al patted her pussy lips lightly.) And have you drag it while
adding weight to it until your pussy lips are ripped off. Understand Fucktoy?"
Al barked.

   Edna locked her knees while shaking her head in an affirmative response and
mouthed "Yes My Lord and Master I understand."

    Pulling his fingers out of her daughter's pussy, Al glared at Susan from
between her daughter's spread legs. And snickered, "Trull, watch this your
really going to enjoy it! If you don't it will be box time"

   "I'll watch Al. Please don't shock me any more. Please, no electricity, I'll
be a good little slut and watch." Susan wailed. She watched Al grabbed the metal
rod sticking out of her daughter's ass and pushed it further in to her ass until
her daughter was standing on her toes. Al then stuffed his fingers back into her
daughter's pussy and fiddled with what ever was in it.

   Popping his finger out of Edna's cunt and plunging them into Susan's mouth Al
commanded her to clean his fingers off.

   Susan felt sick to her stomach, as she sucked and licked on Al's fingers that
were covered with a mixture of her daughter's pussy juices and blood, with Al
jism.

   As Susan continue to suck and lick Al's fingers he pulled them out of her
mouth with a wet pop as he informed Susan, "Watch closely now Trull! This is the
fun part."

   Susan watched Al grasped both hands around the metal rod sticking out of her
daughter's ass and in one swift movement yanked the rod from her daughter's ass.
As, the round ball of the rod popped out. Susan saw a microphone jet out from
her daughter's pussy and crash on to the deck below. Susan watched her
daughter's rosy pink skin to blanch making the red and purplish marks from her
numerous beating to stand out vividly.

   Immense pain roared through Edna, as Al yank the throttle out of her ass and
causing the microphone to pop out of her cunt. She felt the blood rush from her
head and her entire body trembled as she tried to remain standing. But before
she could collapse to the deck, Al stood up grabbed her ponytail, hoisting her
back on to her feet. "I told you to stand Fucktoy." Al waited until he felt Edna
feet take her body's load then slowly eased the tension on her ponytail until
she was standing on her own, wobbly; but on her own. Grinning and purring with
pleasure Al whispered in Edna's ear. "Fucktoy, are you going to remain standing
now or do I put the throttle and microphone back in?"

   With tears streaming down her cheeks Edna shook her head affirmatively.

   Al continued to whisper in Edna's ear as he patted her buns lightly. "Good,
good Fucktoy." Picking up the scoring box then squatting down next to Susan
waving the box before Susan's eyes. "Trull I got something for you! Stretch you
head forward and open wide!" cooed Al.

   With her eyes fixed on the scoring box in Al's hand Susan trembled violently
with fear, as she crank her head as far forward as she could and open her mouth
wide as she possible could.

   "Fucktoy, move forward and thrust that nasty twat of yours into mommies
face."

   Edna complied with Al's command. Edna stood on wide spread legs thrusting her
hips forward. The teen's Nair coated pussy was now pressed up against her
mother's wide gaping mouth.

   "Thirty minutes of zapping or licking Fucktoy's twat clean. Choose NOW
Trull!"

   Susan zipped her tongue out and lapped up a tongue full of the pink goop
covering her daughter's pussy mound. With the tongue full of pink goop a patch
of her daughter's red cuntal hair went with it."

   "Swallow every mouth full, Trull!" snapped Al.

   Edna swallowed the Nair that she had lapped up along with the patch of her
daughter's cuntal hair that came with it. Susan lanced her tongue out again and
lapped another tongue full of Nair and cuntal hair.

   That's it Trull, now you keep on lapping until you're given permission to
stop. And Fucktoy you're not to move from this spot. I need to have a little
powwow with my brothers so you two bitches behave. I'll be back in a few." Al,
Frank and Robert huddled on the stern to work out the next few rounds of fun
with their newest acquisitions.

   Susan was staring at her daughter's groin that she had just licked bald of
cuntal hair. The bald pussy that was in front of her face look more like forty
year old, twenty dollar whore who had been plying her trade several times every
night for years and years. Instead of a eighteen-year-old teenager who was
before today a virgin.

   Her daughter's pussy lip should have been soft, moist and pink. They were
instead a set of lip that were stretch and twisted all out of shape that hung
down from the pussy slit obscenely. Large oblong, holes were the fishhook had
been imbedded were ripped and torn that were dripping blood. The once baby soft,
virginal skin was inflamed, cracked, blistered and bleeding. The surrounding
tissue was an angry purple color from the myriad of brutal whippings. Edna's raw
and red cunt was crusted with jism that was speckled with gooey, milky pink jism
that was still leaching out. The once pristine pink little clitoris was now red
as a lobster. The ablaze, clitoris was all bloated and stretched almost twice as
long as it had been by the weight that dangled from it. Every time it pulsed
blood squirted from where the fishhook passed through it.

   "TRULL! Have you finished lapping down all of your daughter's yummy twat
hair?" Al roared, as he picked up the shit-covered throttle off the deck.

   Susan stopped licking her daughters bald pussy long enough to answer Al,
"Yes, Al, I have lapped down all of my daughter's yummy twat hair." Then Susan
resumed snaking her tongue over her daughter's hairless pubic area.

   Al reached between Edna's wide spread legs and grasped the weight dangling
from her clit. He forced the teen away from her mother's waggling tongue by
pulling her backward by her clit. Once Al had separated mother and daughter by a
few feet he dropped the weight.

   When the weight snapped her clit downward, Edna let out a gurgling raspy cry
while her rubbery legs gave out. She writhed upon the deck sobbing heavily.

   "Fucktoy, on your back and spread them," Al growled. 

   The young whimpering teen rolled over to her back atop of her bound arms. She
spread her trembling legs as wide as she could get them. Edna's twin torpedo
shape breasts wobbled around as she gasped in and out as she sobbed.

   Edna quickly glanced down at her bald pussy. All traces of her womanly, hair
was gone. Her hairless pussy stared back at her like a baby girl's.

   Al step between Edna's wide spread legs and placed his left foot on her bald
pussy mound and push down on it. "Fucktoy, thank mommy for removing all of that
nasty hair so everyone can now easily see your nasty twat."

   "Thank you, mommy for removing my nasty hair so everyone can easily see my
nasty twat." Edna sobbed bitterly over the lost of her thick mat of pubic hair.

   Just as Edna finish thanking her mother for licking her pussy clean of all
cuntal hair; Al raked his foot across her bald pussy. He spun around and slammed
the throttle into Susan's gut. Al then stoop down and whispered in to Susan's,
ear.

    Gasping as she repeater what Al whispered. "You are welcome Fucktoy. I must
say Fucktoy that now all of nasty twat hair is no longer hiding your nasty twat
I can see all the beautiful improvements you have made to your nasty twat.
Fucktoy, the improvements make your nasty twat make it look so succulent that I
want to suck on your nasty twat all day long. Fucktoy, my mouth is just watering
up a storm in wanton anticipation for the future improvements that you will have
done to that nasty bald twat of yours, Fucktoy." Then Al jammed the ball of the
throttle that was covered with her daughter's shit in her mouth.

   "It's a Tootsie pop, Trull. So start sucking and licking until I tell you to
stop, And Trull you best not drop it." Al roared.

    Susan closed her lips around the shaft and started to lick and suck on the
shit covered steel ball that filled her mouth. She watching Al retrieved a pair
of wire clippers from the tackle box. Then lifted her daughter up into the air
by her ponytail.  Al lifted Edna until her feet of her wide spread legs lifted
off the deck.

   Tears of relief and pity sprung from Susan's eyes. As she saw the anguishing,
contortion spread over her daughter's face as Al clipped the microphone cord
from her daughter's wrist. Susan remembered how painful it was when her own
wrists were freed from being bound tightly behind her back. As her daughter's
arms flopped down to her sides. Like hers were, her daughter's hands had a dark
blackish-blue hue to them.

   "Fucktoy, I'm going to let you rest for awhile so I can take care of your
parents." Al whispered sweetly in Edna's ear. He lowered his hand holding Edna's
ponytail until she was lying upon her back on the deck.

   Edna mouthed platitudes. She let out a heavy sigh as the tension from weights
was relived as they too rested either on her chest or on the deck. Her tightly
bound breast wobbled as she sucked in deep breaths. Edna closed her eyes and
tried to relax and forget about the pain that wracked through her young tortured
body.

   A flash of envy went through Susan as she watched her daughter resting on her
back.  She wished that she too could be unbound and lowered to the deck to lie
on her back also. A dragging noise drew her attention towards the bow. Susan saw
Al and Frank dragging her husband towards them. While sucking and licking on the
steel ball in her mouth, Susan saw her husband red painted limp cock for the
first time sense the dart game and shuddered. As her husband was dragged between
her and her daughter and sat down, Robert cut the tape that was holding the
dildo in James's mouth. Then he yanked the dildo out.

   With deep sorrow James looked over his daughter well beaten and abused body
lying upon the deck. He wanted nothing more the to kill the Anderson brothers,
Steve Lipton, the shit-head that brought Robert aboard and..." James shifted his
lamentable eyes off his daughter. James shot steely daggers of pure hate from
his eyes towards his inverted bound wife. "...you bitch for talking me into
hiring Robert! All of you deserve to die horribly. And I will do it! So help me,
I will kill all of you!" James shifted his concern gaze back to his daughter
moaning on the deck.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 16




   Log Entry Number 17:

   A family that sails together, plays together


    "Now that we got the whole gang what should we do?" Asked Al.

   "Fuck the piglet till it squeals!" Sang Frank and Robert in harmony.

   "If you mother fuckers touch my daughter I'll kill you all!" Roared James.

   "Shut the fuck up FAGGOT!" Snapped Robert.

   "Well who's going to fuck Fucktoy first?" quizzed Al.

   "Since you already made the piglet squeal; I think Robert or me should have a
go at making Piglet squeal. Remarked Frank.

   "You shit heads touch her and I'll rip your hearts out! Steamed James.

   "My brother told you to shut up, FAGGOT! So do it!" Frank said in a warning
tone.

   "That's fine with me I've got something in mind for Trull here" Remarked Al.

   "If you chicken-shits didn't have me bound to this board I would beat the
crap out of all of you!" raved James.

   Susan watch Al and Frank walk over to her husband, flipping the board he was
bound to over causing him to fall on his bloated belly onto the deck. Al then
jumped on the board and Susan saw the vile liquid that had been bloating his
stomach seep across the deck. Al then got on his knees.

   As Frank popped the throttle out of Susan's mouth, Al snapped, "Trull is this
FAGGOT a lefty of righty?"

   Bewildered Susan answered, " James is righ... Ow! Ow! Ow!" Susan screamed as
Robert slashed her breasts with his belt.

   "Try again Slut, and get it correct this time." Robert barked.

   Sobbing Susan once again answered Al's question, "That faggot is a righty,
Al. The faggot uses his right hand."

   Frank slammed the throttle ball into the pit of Susan's stomach making her to
dump her stomach contains once again, while yelling "You really are a fucking
slow learning one aren't you Bitch." Frank then stuffed the throttle back into
her mouth.

   "Fucktoy, were are going to listen to some really good music now. Not, that
trifle that you spewed from that gutter mouth of yours, that you called singing.
This is going to be sweet sounds that will wrap around you and flow through you
straight to your core." Stated Al.

   Firmly grabbing the center bone of James's pinkie on his right hand with a
pair of vice-grips Al wrenched the finger backward until it touched the back of
the hand. Then he tightened the vice-grips around the center bone until it
cracked. Al gave the vice-grips a half of a turn then released the pinkie.
Sliding the vice-grips between the hand and the second knuckle of the right hand
pinkie Al crushed that bone also and twisted it a half a turn in the opposite
direction from the first twist. James howled and screeched at the top of his
lungs as he thrashed about under Al.

   As James bellowing quieted down Frank asked Susan "Now Bitch isn't that the
sweetest sound you ever heard?"

   Trembling Susan gave a muffled response around the throttle ball stuffing her
mouth. "Yes Frank that was the sweetest sound I ever herd."

   "Trull, isn't the FAGGOTS singing much better than Fucktoy's squawking?"
asked Al.

     Sobbing Susan answered Al. "Yes the faggot's singing was much sweeter than
the squawking that the Fucktoy has."

   In unison the three brothers bellowed. "Then let the concert begin."

   Al grabbed the center of James's right hand ring finger and repeated the
steps that were done to James pinkie. Al did this to the rest of James's fingers
and thumb of the right hand. All the while James thrashed and screamed.

   Edna tried to cover her ears with her bloated purple hands but they just
flopped around uselessly. 

   "Percussion?" Al requested.

   Robert handed Al a thirty-ounce ball-peen hammer. Al raised the hammer above
his head and brought it down with all of his might and let the ball-peen end of
the hammer to smash into James elbow shattering it Al repeated the steps to
James's shoulder. Suddenly the thrashing and howling stopped as James passed out
from the pain.

   "Intermission time" Robert giggled as he got a beer for his two older
brothers and himself. The three brothers open their beers and drank them down.

   Frank broke a smelling salt ampoule under James nose. Waving it back and
forth until James woke up screaming.

   Tossing the empty beer can at Susan and picking up the hammer. Al smashed the
flat head of the hammer into the back of James's hand until every bone was
smashed in the hand. Shifting back to the ball-peen end Al smashed James's wrist
bones. Robert grabbed James's forearm and pulled his crushed hand through the
manacle that was clamped around it. The spikes ripping the flesh as the hand was
drawn through the manacle. Once the right hand was free of the manacle, Robert
let it flop to the deck then Al smashed both forearm bones in three different
locations and his upper arm bone in two different locations.

   Frank had to use the smelling salt five more time before Al was finished
smashing James right arm and hand to a bloody pulp. 

   Switching back to the vice-grips Al grabbed the Achilles tendon on James's
right leg. Al crushed and twisted it until it snapped and tore. Then Al repeated
the cruelty to James's left Achilles tendon. James would never be able to walk
unaided again.

   James screaming ceased as he passed out once again. Al stood, up and step
down to the deck. Then Al and Frank flipped the board over so that once again
James's limp cock was thrusting up high and his head was near the deck. James
right arm just flopped around like a wet noodle. The two brothers pushed the
board around until James's knees banged against the skiff and his head pointed
towards Susan.

   Frank once again held smelling salt until James regain conciseness and
screamed at the top of his lungs.  

   As James's screaming subsided Al stood over him and barked. "Now FAGGOT are
you going to keep your fucking trap shut like Frank and Robert told you to? If
not FAGGOT, you got another hand and arm that I can smash for you! If that
doesn't work FAGGOT you got two feet and legs that I can also smash for you!"

   Grimacing from the pain of his smashed right arm and hand, James nodded his
head and whimpered in a gurgling pain filled voice. "Yes I will remain quit."

   "Good! Now that I have every ones attention I'm going to give you three some
standing order to follow. Fucktoy, has already has heard the standing order so
this is mainly for you two." Al recited the standing orders that he had given to
Edna on the bridge. "Now that we got the standing orders straight where were
we?"

   "Deciding who gets to fuck Piglet first." Offered Robert.

   Oh, yea! Now let's see? It was going to be you or Frank wasn't it?" Al was
stroking his chin as if in deep thought. Well little brothers I can't really
decide. Crouching down next to James head Al grabbed James's nose with the
vice-grips and clamped it down, then barked "FAGGOT, you decide who's going to
fuck Fucktoy first, Frank or Robert?" Tightening the vice-grips around James
nose and shaking his head back and forth by the nose Al snapped. "Well FAGGOT,
nice and loud. Who is going to be?"

   In utter-defeat and with a nasally sounding voice James answered Al.
"Robert."

   Using the vice-grips Al lifted James's head off the deck by his nose. Al
growled. "Robert? What the fuck do you mean "Robert"? What is it that Robert can
do?"

   With anguish added to the nasally sound James answered. "Robert can fuck my
daughter first."

   "Fucktoy come here!" Al commanded.

   Edna Felt the weights tug on her nipples, breasts and clit once again as she
rose to her feet. She walked over to Al who was standing in-between her mother
and father. "Oh God!" Edna thought to herself. "I can walk I don't have to do
that vulgar waddle. I can walk like a human again and hands. Looking down at her
hands as she rotated and flexed them. "They still hurt something awful and I can
barely move them, but I have hands again."  Edna continued to think to herself.

   From off to her right Edna heard her mother's trembling voice sweetly ask.
"Piglet what are you?"

   Turning beet red Edna clasped her hands behind her back as high as she could
manage then spread her legs open very wide and bent over at her waist. She
started to rock her shoulder back and forth; causing her weighted breasts to
sway and gyrated her hips lewdly. With the weights pulling and stretching her
flesh Edna squeaked in a very raspy voice. "Hello my name is Fucktoy. I am a
fucking station with three-fuck tunnels ready for use. Please use any one of my
fuck tunnels, or use two of the fuck tunnels or even all three, fuck tunnels for
your sexual pleasure. The best fuck tunnel is at my rear. Thank you for using
Fuck Central for all of your cum deposits." Edna then tilted her head way back
and cranked her mouth open as wide as she could and waited.

   Hearing gasps from both of her parents Edna quickly glance at them out of the
corner of her eyes, without moving her head. Her humiliation deepened as she saw
the shocked and horrified faces of her parents as they listen to her speech and
witness her perverse performance.

   "Fucktoy, did you hear your father?" asked Al as he stroked her pussy mound.

   Tears rolled down Edna's face as she mouthed,  "Yes my Lord and Master. My
father wants My Lord and Master, Robert to fuck me."

   "WELL!" Roared Al as he swatted her gapping bald cunt.

   "My Lord and Master, Robert will you please use my fuck tunnels for your
sexual pleasure."

   Robert stood behind her gliding the round head of his cock through Edna's ass
crack, over the puckered little asshole, down between the inflamed pussy lips
and bumping into the shaft of her clit that was being pulled towards the deck by
a weight, then back up again.

   "My, my, Piglet the FAGGOT didn't say which hole to bung! I guess it's up to
me to decide. Let's see which one?  I think that I'll ream-out this one."
Centering his cock on the hole he selected, with a brutally, savage thrust,
Robert shoved the little wrinkled sphincter star inside the tight steamy
poop-chute as he slammed his long pencil cock into Edna. Using both hands Robert
grasped Edna's hips so tightly that his nails dug into her skin. With Robert
thrusting his hips forward while yanking back on Edna's hips, Robert's cock was
driven to its base.

   Edna gasped and moaned as she felt her asshole spread as the hot throbbing,
bullet shape cock-head skewered her. Her shitter was still tender from the rape
of her ass by Al and the impaling, the jerking and the ripping out of the
throttle. Though Robert's prick was shorter and much thinner, it was still
causing her terrible pain as she felt every inch of his prick slammed deep
inside her gut, until his balls sack slap against her cunt slit and the front of
his thighs smack the backs of hers.

   The friction caused the tears in her rectum caused by Al's rape of her ass to
open back up. Fresh blood mixed with the old blood and what was left of Al's
jism was Edna's only lubrication. As Robert commenced drawing his prick on its
backstroke Edna felt as if her guts were being sucked out with it. Robert's cock
then bore its way back inside her guts. The weights hanging from her breasts,
nipples and clit swayed and jerk in tempo with the savage assault of her rectum.

   Robert's prick hammered in and out, out and in with the speed and power of a
locomotive. Edna felt Robert's prick stiffen and blossomed larger, then
exploded. Hot gooey liquid fire; sear her guts as Robert's jism filled her ass
up.

   "Yee-Ha!" Bellowed Robert as his jism jetted from his cock. "Wow, Boy-O-Boy!
Hey FAGGOT, you should try Piglet's corn-hole!  It's the tightest one I've, had
in a long time. The muscles grip your cock like a vice. The suction that's
created as you pull out threatens to rip your cock off. The way the ass trembles
sends ripples of pure delight through your cock." Continue Robert gleefully.

   Edna turned a beet red as Robert talked about fucking her rear she just
received to her father. She could feel Robert's cock become soft and slide out
of her asshole, followed by cum that leaked from her rectum now that Robert's
prick no longer plugged it. The jism leaked down through her ass crack through
and around her pussy lips to drip to the deck from her pussy mound.

   "Thank you, My Lord and Master, Robert, for using Fuck Central for your, cum
deposit in my steamy poop-chute, my best fuck tunnel." The humiliated teenager
chirped in front of both of her parents. Moaning silently, her head hanging low
between her arms, as tears of pure shame dripped to the deck

   "Here you go Robert" Al said as he handed Robert a "U" shaped dildo. It was
made from rigid hard plastic. The dildo end of the "U" was eleven inches long
with a girth of four inches. The dildo was textured with, gnarled, knotty,
bumps. The Other end had an eyebolt imbedded in it.

   Frank tied a quarter inch line tightly to her ponytail, as Robert rammed the
"U" shape dildo to its base up Edna's steamy, gooey poop-chute. Frank then
threaded the line through the dildo's eyebolt, Frank pulled on the line, which
drew Edna's head back towards her rump. When her head was pulled back as far as
it would go Frank secured the line to the eyebolt. Edna now had her head drawn
back so that she was staring at the back of the yacht's cabin structure, as a
long, very thick, unyielding plastic dildo was painfully corking her asshole.
Her knees buckled as Robert swatted both meaty globes of her rump.

   "Now that should prevent Piglet's head from drooping." Robert chuckled.

   As Robert stepped away from behind Edna, Frank took his place ramming his
cock into Edna's cunt. Frank's cock squeezed painfully into her cunt. Edna felt
his cock rubbed against the dildo plugging her ass through the thin membrane
that separated the two passages. Frank pounded his cock in her like a rabid dog,
giving it to her as if she was a bitch dog in heat. With the awful, gasping
breaths Edna silently wept as the humiliating image of two dogs fucking set in
her mind. With each sobbing breath her chest heaved causing the weights to
torment her breasts and nipples.

    Her shame deepen as Robert stood in front of her and Barked "Lick it clean
Piglet!" as he slipped his cock into her mouth.

   Groaning silently Edna flick her tongue across Robert's semi-hard phallus.
The raw earthy taste of her own shit mixed with her blood and Robert and Al's
jism assaulted her taste buds. While Frank savagely drilled her pussy, she
licked Robert's cock clean. She felt the semi-hard cock grow in her mouth. As it
became longer the harder it became. When Edna's tongue removed the last of the
shit from Robert's cock he commanded her to suck on his phallus as he started to
hump her face. Now Edna had three fuck rods in her, one fake plugging her ass, a
short thick one fucking her pussy, and a long skinny one reaming her throat. The
two real fuck rods relentlessly drilled into her body. They drilled without any
regular tempo. At times Frank's rod would lunge her forward while Robert's rod
would thrust her backwards. Every now and then the two real fuck rods that were
skewing her tried to meet each other as they squished her body between them like
an accordion. Edna felt the two pistoning; fuck rods that were pulsating in her
mouth and cunt swell, twitch then sticky, gooey seminal fluid filled her vagina
and oral cavity.

   "Swallow that cum Piglet and lick it clean!" roared Robert.

   As Frank withdrew his rod from Edna cunt, she swallowed Robert's jism down
into her gullet and licked and sucked on the flaccid male member until once
again the fuck rod was iron hard. A thin strand of spittle stretched from Edna's
lips to the glistening spit covered prick of Robert, as he pulled his fuck rod
from her mouth.  Edna stood bent over with jism leaking from her pussy to drip
on to the deck.

   Thank you, My Lord and Master, Frank, for using Fuck Central for your, cum
deposit in my nasty twat. Thank you, My Lord and Master Robert, for using Fuck
Central for your, cum deposit in my mealy mouth.

   Frank and Robert swapped positions.  Once again her pussy was being speared
as she lick and suck Frank's prick. As the two-fuck rods were jack-hammering her
vagina and mouth, she heard her mother scream. While Frank's rod pounded her
mouth she glance out of the corner of her eyes towards her screaming mother, but
all that she could see was Al's back.

   Susan moaned pitifully as she watch her daughter being brutally fuck at both
ends her view was obscured by Al crouching down in front of her. Susan trembled
as she looked into Al's sadistic, grinning face.

   "Trull I notice how much you admired Fucktoy's jewelry. And I know how
jealous you can become when you are not out sparkling Fucktoy. So I've decided
to give you the same jewelry set.

   Susan screamed around the throttle ball that was stuffed in her mouth. She
screamed at the top of her lungs from the searing white hot pain ripped through
her, as Al pierce her left breast with a large fishhook just behind her aureole,
then he pierce her right breast the same way. Susan continued to scream as Al
hooked her nipples just behind the alligator clip attached to her nipples with
fish shape lures. He then hung two weights to each of the hooks. Al dropped each
weight causing the hooks to yank viciously at her breasts and nipples flesh as
the weights tried to reach the deck. Al stood up and grabbed the alligator clip
that was biting into her left pussy lip pulling it, taunt Al pierce the lip with
a large hook. Dropping the left pussy lip clip, Al then stretched the right
pussy lip and piercing it with the same hook that was piercing the left pussy
lips, causing the lips of her cunt to wrap around the strap that ran through her
cunt. Al then hung six weights from the hook that ran through her pussy lips.
Susan howled and buck as Al decorated her breasts and pussy lips with hooks and
weights.

   "How's that Trull? Don't you look all gussied up with your fancy jewelry?" 
Asked Al as he popped the throttle out of Susan's mouth.

   Choking back her sobs Susan answered Al." They are very lovely My Lord and
Master, Al. Thank you very much for giving me this beautiful jewelry to wear. I
love the way it adorns my breasts and pussy lips."

   As Frank and Robert shot their load into Edna's cunt and mouth once again and
withdrew the softening fuck rods from her holes. Edna thanked each brother for
using her fuck tunnels and for leaving there cum deposit in her.

    With out moving her head Edna shifted her eyes to look over at her mother
and saw what caused her mother to scream. Remembering how painful the piercing
of her own flesh with fishhooks was Edna cringed. Her mother's hooks bore twice
the weights that were hanging from her hooks. With the weights that were already
hanging from the alligator clips made the weight hanging from her mother's body
three times the weight her own body supported. The teen shivered to the core as
Al approached her.

    "Fucktoy, would you like to have your hair release from your butt?" Al
asked.

   Edna mouthed croakingly, "Yes, My Lord and Master, Al, Please!"

   "Okay I'll do it for you but if you start drooping that pretty little head of
yours I'll retie it back even further!  Understand Fucktoy?" roared Al.

   Edna once again mouthed her response. "Yes, My Lord and Master, I will keep
my head raised, I won't let it droop at all." 

   Al walked over to Edna and untied the line from her hair to the "U" shaped
dildo then cooed "Fucktoy, did you listen to me when I explain to Bobby your
usage?"

   In a barely audio squeak Edna answered, "Yes, My Lord and Master, I did."

   "Well then I think you need to thank Frank for his cream deposits and ask him
to record his usage. Nice and loud, Fucktoy!"

   Edna's trembled as she straitened up and screamed as loud as she could. The
once sweet sounding voice rolled out of her mouth as rasping crackling voice
that was barely audible.

   "Frank thank you for using..." SMACK! "OW, Ow, Ow!" Cried Edna as Al slapped
he across the face.

   "Title, Fucktoy title!"

   "My Lord and Master, Frank, Thank you for using fuck central for your, cum
deposits. Would you please record your usage?

   Pressing the button on the blue cylinder, Frank giggled as he asked, "Piglet
where should I record my usage at?"

   "My Lord and Master, Frank, for depositing cum in my oral fuck tunnel, please
record your usage on my chest above my titties, please."

   Edna yelped and groaned as Frank press the blue cylinder into he flesh.
Leaving behind a letter "F" in the center of her chest between Al's "A's" and
Robert's "R's". Where should the second entry be place?"

   "My Lord and Master, Frank, for depositing cum in my twat fuck tunnel, please
record your usage on my tummy, please."

   After Frank place his "F" brand into the center of Edna's abdomen she went
over and stood before Robert. Robert grabbed Edna and jerked her up on her toes
by her clit, then placed his brand on her abdomen and chest.

   As Robert lifted the Green cylinder off her chest he released Edna's clit and
slapped her breasts as he barked, "Present you ass Piglet!"

   Edna turned around and bent over at the waist giving Robert a luscious view
of her derriere. Robert gripped and twisted her clit while he branded her flesh
with another "R" on her right globe.

   "Fucktoy, I'm going to be nice to you. I'm going to let you take a bath. Drop
to your hands and knees and crawl over to the wash tub and lay down on your back
in it with the top of your head pointing this way."

   Edna complied with Al's order she was laying in the tub looking up at her
mother hanging above her as the piss and shit solution flowed down her mother's
torso to splash onto her own body.

   "Fucktoy; pull the dildo from your poop chute. Place it in your mother's
mouth and let her suck on It." Al commanded.

   Using her ass muscles Edna shitted the rigid hard plastic, gnarled "U" shape
dildo from her rectum. Reaching between her legs Edna caught the dildo as it
popped out from her rectum then lifting the shit, covered dildo up to her mother
lips.

   Susan opened her mouth wide and let her daughter slide the dildo into her
mouth and begin sucking on it.

   "Deeper" roared Al

   Edna pushed the dildo further into her mother's mouth until her mother
started gagging on it.

   "All the way in Fucktoy!"

   Edna pushed the fake cock into her mother's mouth until all eleven inches of
it was lodge in her mother's mouth and throat.

   Susan struggled to get enough air passed the dildo that was lodge deeply down
her throat to fill her lungs with life sustaining air. As her daughter stopped
pushing the dildo into her mouth, Susan grasped the dildo with her lips and
started sucking on the shit, covered dildo.

   "Fucktoy, unbraid your hair."

   Edna reached behind her head and unbraided her hair.

   "Now wash it, Fucktoy!"

   Edna slid down into the tub and washed her hair with the vile smelling piss
and shit solution.

   "Fucktoy, pull the dildo from your mom's mouth and insert it completely into
your nasty twat.

   Edna reached up and pulled the "U" shaped dildo from her mother's mouth and
slipped it into her cunt. She gasped as the gnarled, knotty, bumps rasped her
sensitive, damaged cuntal walls. She pushed the dildo until all eleven inches of
it was buried deep in her pussy.

   "Fucktoy, crawl out of the tub and kneel next to your father so that your
mother can still see your dad's cock. And don't let that dildo fall out!"

   With her left hand index finger looping through the eyebolt atop of the dildo
to hold the dildo in her pussy, while piss and shit dripping from her hair and
body, Edna knelt next to her father. She saw Frank inject a milky solution into
the base of her father's soft phallus. Edna watch her father's phallus begin to
swell and become hard.

   Edna had never seen her father's phallus hard before but as it grew longer
and longer the contorted face of her father told her that this was not a normal
erection. As her father's phallus stopped growing it was close to reaching the
same length and girth as the dildo that was buried deep in her twat. She watched
Robert grasp her father's engorged phallus and vigorously rubbed the bulbous
head with sand paper until all of the red paint was removed from it to be
replaced by blood that leached from the sanded flesh. Then Robert sanded the
paint off the long, hard phallus shaft.

   Edna's eyes followed Al as he walked over to her father with three lengths of
sisal cord. Edna watch Al squat down next to her father. Al begin tying one of
the sisal cords around the base of her father's cock then tightly wrapped each
of her father's testis with the line until they were a pair of separate little
red painted balls popping up from the groin. Al then made a slipknot with
another line he looped her father's left testicle with the slipknot and drawing
it down tightly. He repeated the process with the third line around her father's
right testicle.
When Al was finished tightly tying James's nuts he turned towards Edna and
grasped her trembling right hand and squeezed out a large glob of cream, from a
tube of muscle rub into her palm. "Fucktoy, coat your father's puny dong with
that!"

   The strong menthol odor whiff up Edna's nose as the chemical action made the
nerves in her hand tingle. Edna wrapped her hand around her father's bloody
phallus and rubbed the cream into it.

   "Hand, Fucktoy!" Al bellowed.

   Edna held her hand out as Al filled it with more of the muscle rub cream. She
rubbed that hand full of cream over her father's phallus.

   "The balls too Piglet!" Robert snapped.

   Edna coated her each of her father's tightly wrapped testis with the cream.

   "Hand!"

    Edna held out her hand as Al refilled it. The Edna continued to coat her
father's entire phallus and testicles with the cream. The cycle was repeated
until the entire tube of muscle rub was used. A thick layer of the cream coated
her father's entire male organ.

   "Bend over and raise that derriere of yours high, Fucktoy!" barked Al.

   As Edna bent forward and push her rump up into the air she saw Al screw an
enema nozzle on another tube of muscle rub. Al inserted the nozzle up Edna's
rectum and squeezed the entire tube of cream up her poop shoot. Almost instantly
Edna felt the cream burning her rectum.

   "Kneel, Fucktoy!" Barked Al.

   Edna dropped her ass down and squirmed up to her knees as the cream continued
to burn her rectum. Al and Frank picked Edna up off the deck and held her over
her father's overly engorged, cream covered cock. With Robert helping lining up
her father's phallus with her sphincter Al and Frank lowered Edna on to her
father's phallus. Al and Frank then bent her legs back and tied the two lines
that were tied around each of her father's testis to her ankles. The ankles were
tied in such a way that her toes barely touch the deck.

   "Fucktoy, you are to bounce up and down on your daddy's puny dong until he
fills your poop chute with his jism. You are not to use your hands to help you
to bounce. You can use them to hold the dildo in your twat and hold one of the
weights hanging from your body, but that's all that you can use them for. You
are to use your feet to aid your bouncing. But DON'T let your father's puny dong
slide out of your poop chute. And keep your head held high. Start bouncing now,
Fucktoy!" Commanded Al.

   Edna forced her feet to the deck she felt her father's testicles being pulled
under her ass cheeks and down towards the deck. Edna knew that every time that
she would used her feet to help her bounce she would be painfully yanking her
father's testicles. But she had to. Al had ordered her to do it. She prayed that
her father would forgive her.

   "Fucktoy, start bouncing!" Al barked.

    "Edna held the dildo in her pussy with her left hand and uncertain which of
the five weights to hold, Edna planted her feet on the deck and started bouncing
up and down on her father's hyper-extended phallus. As she bounced the five
weights jerked and twisted her flesh in unison. Edna immediately grabbed and
held the weight hanging from her clit. All of the weights caused her immense
pain but the one hanging from her clit nearly caused her to pass out from the
horrific pain that ripped through her clit. Edna continue to bounce up and down,
down and up on her father's rock hard phallus, holding the dildo in her pussy
with one hand while the other hand held the weight that was attached to the hook
in her clit. The muscle rub cream that acted as a lubricant for her anal canal
caused a mind-blowing, burning sensation. The more she bounced the fiercer the
burning sensation became. The burning was so intense that she started to squirm
her ass in little circles as she continued to bounce. Her anal muscles twitch
and rippled along her father's phallus.

   Edna's swollen red eyes were brimming with tears, as she whimpered. Not
because of the torturous pain that ate away at her, own body, but for the pain
that she knew she was causing to her father's sanded phallus and wrapped
testicles. Tears flowed from her eyes, to roll down her cheeks, dripping down
onto her chest and running onto her coned breasts. Which flick the tears in
every direction as the bound, weighted breasts jerked and twisted with her body
movements. Through blurry eyes Edna watch the three Anderson brothers walk over
to her mother's hanging form.

   Looking up at his daughter as she bounce up and down on his prick James felt
the cream burning his prick that was sanded raw by Robert. He also felt his
balls being wrench as his daughter yanked on them every time she used her feet
to bounce her body up. However agonizing those pains were, they nothing but a
minor tickle compare to the purgatory pain that washed over him from his smashed
and mangled right hand and arm. He used every bit of his mental control to choke
back the screams as his daughter's bouncing movements' cause his shattered arm
to jerk around.

   Remembering what the milky fluid did to her husband's cock Susan knew that
her daughter would be having her ass reamed by her husband's cock for a long,
long time. She also knew how the chemical heat of the muscle rub cream was on
the external skin. How it must be scorching her daughter's mucous membrane
lining the rectum and her husband's sanded cock. And her husband's once
powerful, right arm and hand was all bloated with a nasty purple hue to it. The
only time it moved was in response to jerking motion caused by her daughter's
cock riding. Susan cringed as she watched the three Anderson brothers approached
her.

   "My, my Slut will you look at those two go at it! The Piglet sure can ride
that FAGGOT!" Giggled Robert.

   "Ya man it's just like she gets corn holed every day!"

   "Fucktoy is Frank right? Has that FAGGOT daddy of yours been packing your
steamy poop chute whenever he can't get a little boy's?"

   With the muscle rub burning the lining of her rectum as she bounce on her
father's phallus, Edna whimpered hoarsely, "Yes, My Lord and Master, Al. My
faggot daddy packs my poop chute every day."

   "Well now here I thought you were a virgin?"

   Edna's eyes darted fearfully around from Al to his two brothers. "I sorry for
fibbing to you about my virginity Al My Lord and Master, forgive me please. 

   "I bet you two have been hiding this little escapade from mommy. Haven't
you!"

   With her body a bright red hue from shame Edna glanced at her mother. "Yes,
Al, My Lord and Master, my faggot daddy and I have been keeping our sexual
activities from mommy."

   Well now don't you feel better now that mommy knows about your games with
your pervert FAGGOT father."

    Edna turned beet red from humiliation. "Yes Al, My Lord and Master, I'm glad
that my perverted faggot father and I can now enjoy ourselves even more now that
mommy knows about it."

   "Well then Fucktoy you go right ahead and bounce away. Well, well Trull it
seems like Fucktoy is busy and you're doing nothing but hanging around. Would
you like to entertain us?" asked Al.

   Glancing at all three of the brothers Susan responded "Yes, Al, My Lord and
Master, I would love to entertain you and my other Lords and Masters."

   "All-right! Lets get started then." Chuckled Al. "Frank, Bobby release her
arms."

   As Susan felt the tension on her arms released Al disconnected the tube that
fed the dildos that were in her cunt and ass. Then he placed the tube in her
mouth.

   "Drink!" snapped Al

   Susan started to swallow the vile liquid that was being pumped into her mouth
as Al lowered her in to the tub.

   "Trull unhook the hoist hook from the spreader bar, climb out of the tub and
stand next to the anchor."

   It was difficult to grasp the hook with her bloated numb hands but Susan
managed to unhooked the spreader bar from the hoist hook. Climbing out of the
tub was even more difficult with her legs still spread wide by the spreader bar
attached to her ankles and the weights that pulled and twisted her flesh as she
moved. Susan crawled across the deck to the anchor and struggled to her feet.
Susan stood on shaking legs sucking down piss and shit. Susan yelped and jumped
as a belt slashed across her ass cheeks.

   "Trull, bend over pick up the anchor line, feed it through the spreader bar
center eye-bolt and tie it to the hook that's going through your cunt lips." Al
commanded.

   As Susan complied with Al's orders, she watched him set the tackle box and
score box on the deck, then take out the remaining beer out of the milk crate.
Frank then place a twenty-four volt battery into the crate. As she stood up
straight she watch Al picked up and disconnect the power strip that the score
box and pump were plugged into from the hoist external power connector. As
Robert picked up the pump and pulled the suction hose of the pump from the tub
then hooking it to a container of piss and shit solution while Frank picked up
the score box. The three brothers place the items they were carrying in the milk
crate. Susan watched Al hook up the power strip to the battery, as the
connection was made the pump started back up. Susan sucked and swallowed the
vile fluid that was pumped into her mouth, as she watched Al set the dial on the
score box to its first setting. Grinning up at Susan, he pushed and held down
all three of the score box buttons. Susan's body shook as electricity streamed
into her. The current wasn't jarring; it was more of a harsh nibble on her
nerves. Frank handed Al a length, of duct tape, which he used to tape the three
buttons down so that the current flowed constantly.

   As Al stood up he grabbed the fish shaped lure that was piercing Susan's
right nipple, pulling on it as he barked. "Follow me, Trull."

   With Al pulling her behind him by her nipple Susan turned and followed Al.
With the spreader bar keeping her legs spread wide Susan, as her daughter before
her had to waddled her hips back and forth to shuffle her feet forward. The
waddling caused all of the weights hanging from her body to swing like
pendulums. They painfully tugged and stretched her tit and cunt flesh. Susan's
body shuddered and she whimpered as the slack in the anchor line became taunt
and pulled her cunt lips straight down towards the deck as she towed the anchor
and its cargo behind her. Al let go of the lure that he was pulling her by, as
they got to the spot where her daughter was brutally and repeatedly doubled
raped by Frank and Robert. Al reached into the crate and turned off the pump,
then barked at her.

   "Trull, look at that mess that Fucktoy made!"

   Susan looked down at the deck and saw two pools of jism that had dripped out
of daughter's fuck holes.

   "Drop to the deck and clean it up with your tongue, Trull." Commanded Al.

   Taking the tube from her mouth Susan bent over and lowered herself gently to
the deck with the aid of her hands. Trying to avoid jarring the weights too
much. Just as she started to lick up the jism on the deck Robert slashed her ass
with his belt.

   "Slut! My brother told you to drop to your knees not to snuggle down all nice
and comfy like. Get back to your feet pronto!" Robert snapped at her as he
slashed her ass with his belt three more times.

   Disregarding the pain that the weights caused her, Susan scrambled back to
her feet as fast as she could. She stood trembling and fidgeting her hands while
Robert slowly circled her.

   "Well Slut it seem that you can't follow a simple order. Tisk, tisk!  Now
what are we going to do about it?  Let's see!  First, since you seem to be so
tempting to use them you have lost the privilege of having them free. Place, you
hands behind your back, palm to palm.

   Susan muffled a sorrowful sigh as she place her hands behind her back, palm
to palm. Robert took the line that dangled from her left wrist cuff and started
to wind it firmly around both her wrists horizontally, then loop the line
vertically between the arms and palms cinching down on each loop and securing
the line. Then Robert took the right cuff line and wrapped it around both her
arms. As he continue to loop the line around her arms he place each consecutive
loop atop the previous loop, cinching the line so tight that it bit deeply into
her flesh. As Robert spiraled the line up her arms Susan's elbows were drawn
together until they touched he then secured the line. As her elbows were drawn
together she felt her breast thrust out against the rubber "brassiere".

   "Now ain't that a lovely sight" Robert cooed as he walked around Susan.
"Slut, shake those titties!"

   Susan rock her shoulders back and forth causing her tits to sway as the
weights jerked them in unison with her shoulders.

   Stepping behind her, Robert reaching down between Susan's legs he grabbed the
spreader bar that was attached to her ankles. Then Robert barked, "Now slut I'm
going to teach you how to drop to the deck." As Robert finished his statement he
yanked the spreader bar back and up. Susan's feet followed the bar on its
journey up.

   With no support beneath her gravity took control of Susan's body and hurled
it towards the deck. Susan let out a screamed as she plummeted to the deck. Her
scream was cut short when her body impacted with the deck forcing all the air to
race out of her lungs. Susan withered in agony on the deck trying to force air
back into her lungs.

   With mirth in his voice, "That's how you drop to the deck, Slut!" as he let
go of the spreader bar. "Now craw on your belly to those pools of cum and start
licking, Slut!"

   Susan wiggled and squirmed until her mouth was over the first and smallest
pool of cum. Sticking her tongue into the gooey male seminal fluid Susan begin
lapping it off the deck. While Susan clean the jism off the deck she heard Al
giggling at her daughter.

   "My, my Fucktoy you sure are a sex crazed little nymphet. I bet you wish that
your FAGGOT daddy could ream your poop chute forever don't you?"

   "Yes Al, My Lord and Master I wish that my faggot daddy could ream my poop
chute forever."

   "Then Fucktoy, stop bouncing and sit on daddies groin, with his cock buried
deep in your poop chute. Spin around and face the skiff."

   Wiggling to the larger pool of cum Susan watched Al and Frank approached her
daughter and husband with several tie-down straps. As Susan lapped up the large
pool of sperm, she watched the two elder Anderson brothers wrap the tie-downs
around both her daughter's and husband's hips and thighs. After Susan licked all
of the male seed off the deck she watched Al ratchet the tie-downs that were
wrapped around her two family members. Al ratcheted the tie-downs so tight that
the broad nylon webbing dug deeply into their flesh, nearly fusing the two
bodies into one.

   "Stand Fucktoy, with your feet flat on the deck and keep your knees locked."

   Edna felt her father's testicles pulled and stretch between their fleshes as
she forced her feet to the deck. The nylon webbing dug further into there flesh
and Edna knees nearly buckled as she bore the weight of her father as Frank
lowered the jack that held her father's hips up. Frank then release and remove
the barbed wires that held him to the board.

   "Lay on top of your father Fucktoy."  Al snapped.

   Edna squatted down until her farther was once again resting on the board with
her sitting on top of him. As she lean back she felt the still hyper extended
phallus that remained deeply imbedded in her bowels press against the dildo
stuffing her vagina. Edna laid across her father's chest the top of her head
resting on the chest slightly below her father's chin.

   Al again ratcheted the tie-downs to remove any slack that resulted from the
tie-downs taking on their first load. "Hang on tightly to the board Fucktoy." 
Al stated to her as Frank and Robert turned the board that both Edna and James
were on top of. James screamed and passed out as he was rolled over onto his
shattered arm. Edna was now press between the deck and her father. Frank then
unbolted the shackles that encased James's ankles and left wrist from the board.

   "Let go of the board, Fucktoy, and resume holding that dildo deep in your
fuck tunnel and whatever weight you want to hold."

   Edna pushed the couple inches of dildo that had slid out, back into her
vagina and held it tightly there as she grasped the weight that was attached to
her clitoris.

    Robert removed the board that James had been tightly lashed to for nearly
eight hours. Then Al and Frank using the barbwire lashed James's ass and back
until every square inch of them were covered with deep, angry, purple welts that
were oozing blood.

   Susan whimpered like a baby as she watched her husband's backside beaten to a
bloody pulp.

   As his older two brothers were beating James, Robert turned the score box
dial to it's maxim setting for a few seconds then drop it back down to the first
setting and leaving it there. Susan howled, gurgled, drooled and bucked like a
fish out of the water, on the deck as the electricity burned into her tits and
clit flesh like a fiery torch.

   "Now that I got your attention, you lazy Slut. I want you on your feet facing
the bow. PRONTO!"

   Susan dragged her wide spread knees under her and lifted her rump up into the
air. But without the use of her hands to assist her she could not lift her head
off the deck, no matter how hard she tried. Panting from the effort, Susan knelt
there, legs spread wide with her butt raised as six weights dangled from her
cunt lips, while her face kissed the deck.

   "On your feet Slut!"  Susan howled as Robert grabbed her wrist and wrenched
them up until she was standing on her feet. When Robert let go of her wrist
Susan almost collapsed back down to the deck. But using skills that she didn't
know that she possess, Susan managed to maintain the delicate balance and remain
standing. Shuffling on her wide spread feet Susan turned until she was facing
towards the bow.

    The three Anderson brothers rolled Edna and James onto James's back.

   "Stand Fucktoy."

   While keeping her hands firmly grasping the dildo and weight Edna rose to her
feet. Lifting her father's pelvis that was welded to her gluteus maximus as she
rose, Edna's legs trembled from the strain of the extra weight.

   Grasping both fish shape lures that were embedded in Edna's nipples Al barked
one word "Follow!"

   The muscles in Edna's shapely long legs quivered from strain as she
half-carried and half-dragged her father's limp form. Al pulled her along until
she was facing the bow and standing next to her mother. Then Al let go of the
lures.

   "Fucktoy, Look at your mother. Do you know why her arms are trussed up like
that? Well it's because she used her hands to make compiling with an order
easier on herself. So now she's lost the privilege of having them free. So if
you don't want the same thing to happen to your arms you will only use your
hands only for what your ordered to use them for. Understand?"

   Shacking her head in an affirmative response, Edna in a barley audible
squeaking voice, "Yes, My Lord and Master, I will only use my hands as ordered
to."

   "Good Fucktoy. Now pull the dildo out of your fuck tunnel and lick it clean.
After you take the dildo out of your fuck tunnel you're to release the weight
you are holding. You may release it in whichever method you choose. Then stick
at less three fingers into your fuck tunnel and swirl them around as you lick
the dildo clean.

   Edna did what was order to do, as she watch watched Al stick the pumps
discharge tube back into her mothers mouth and turned on the pump. As she heard
the gurgling noise as the piss and shit solution filled her mother's mouth.
Edna's bladder suddenly screamed for attention. Meekly Edna squeaked as she
continued to lick the dildo clean. "Al, My Lord and Master?"

   "Yes Fucktoy what is it?" Al responded.

   Edna continued in her meek voice but it was once again quickly becoming just
a rush of air escaping from her mouth. "I need to go to the bathr. . . head real
badly. My Lord and Master."

   What is it that you need to do in the head, Fucktoy? Nice and loud so we all
can hear you."

   Edna's face turned a rosy pink as she croaked out as loud as she could, which
was barley above a whispered. "I need to tinkle, My Lord and Master."

   "Fucktoy, if all you need to do is piss you can do that right here, right
now.

   Edna's face went from rosy pink to a dark beet red as she glance between the
three Anderson brothers and her mother.

   "Fucktoy! Piss! And keep wiggling those fingers up your nasty twat and
licking that dildo as you piss. PISS NOW Fucktoy!"

   Edna had thought that she was beyond further humiliation. But she released
how wrong she was as she started to perform one of her most private acts in
front of six gawking male eyes and her mother's. She felt the warm urine run
over her fingers that were stuff up her snatch. The yellow liquid puddle in her
cupped hand until it overflowed to the deck below her As her bladder emptied she
heard the three brother talk about the way she look stand there pissing as her
father hung from her ass while his prick was buried deep up her rectum. They
also commented on how golden her piss was and how they should have saved it for
her to drink. She shuddered at that thought and was relived that they didn't
think of it earlier.

   As the last drops of urine splashed to the deck Al barked, "Toss the dildo in
the milk crate. Then pull your fingers from your nasty twat and lick them and
the hand clean, Fucktoy."

   Edna tossed the dildo she had been licking in to the crate and slip her piss
covered fingers from her twat to her mouth and cleaned them and her hand off
with her tongue. Her taste buds were assaulted by acidic, bitter taste of her
own waste fluid, but she was happy it was only a trace amount instead of a
container full of it.

   "Fucktoy, Trull we are going to have a cargo hauling race and you two are
going to be the putt-putts. Fucktoy, you are to race up the port side to the bow
then return down the starboard side to the stern where I'll be sitting. You may
use your hands in any fashion you wish to aid you. Excluding these conditions.
First you are not to touch the cargo with your hands. Just encase your not sure
what your cargo is, I'll tell you. It's that FAGGOT hanging out of your
poop-chute. DO NOT touch it with your hands. Second don't take or touch anything
that is strapped, binding or hanging from your body with your hands. And third
if you run across Trull here you are not to aid her with your hands. You may use
your hands to help you climb over her but not to aid her in any way. Robert will
follow you to encourage you to make the best possible speed you can achieve.
Understand Fucktoy?"

   Shacking her head in a affirmative response, Edna mouthed "Yes, My Lord and
Master, I will use my hand only as I been instructed to."

   "Trull you are to race up the starboard side, to the bow then down the port
side to the stern where I'll be sitting. Because of your misbehaving you have
lost the privilege of using your hands. They will remain bound as they are. So
be careful. If you fall no one will aid you to get up again. You've already
realized how difficult that is to do with no hands to help you. Your cargo is
the anchor, the milk crate and all the stuff in it. And so that you are not too
sluggish your power level will be set at four. (Frank turned the dial to the
score box to the forth setting causing harsh nibbling of her nerves to be change
to her nerves being chewed raw.)  Frank will follow you to encourage you to make
the best possible speed you can achieve. Understand Trull?"

   Susan responded with a resounding, "Yes, My Lord and Master, I understand."
Susan's muscles started twitching as the increased current flowed into her body

   "One last thing before we start the race. The winner will have all of the
weights removed from their clitty and boobies. Also their boobies will be set
free. The looser will receive the winners weights and have her ass lashed with a
belt on each ass cheek until the looser sucks the winners twat until it
explodes."

   In unison the three Anderson brothers bellowed "Ready-Set-Go!"

    Both mother and daughter lunge forward on their race around the yacht at
their top speed.

  

  

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY 17




   Log Entry Number 18:

   the race

  

   Straining hard Edna dragged the limp form of her unconscious father behind
her through the pool of her piss. Though her father was unconscious he was
moaning in agony, from the pain of his shattered arm and flagellate backside.
Edna dug her heels into the deck as she struggled to keep moving forward. Each
time she swung a foot forward it was stopped mid stride as the line that was
tied around her ankles became taunt jerking and stretching the testicle of her
father's it was secured to, which hobbled each step that she took. Edna trudged
ahead as through she was moving through thick mud. She suddenly gasped and
nearly collapsed to the deck as Robert started slashing the top of her rump with
a riding crop.

   "Piglet you're falling behind; MOVE IT!" Robert snapped as he continued to
lash between her rump and her father's upper groin area with the ridding crop.

    Edna's meaty upper globes of her bottom were soon streaked with long thin
angry red lines. With tears flowed from her puffy eyes, she glance over to her
mother who was just reaching the end of the cabin structure. Her own progress
was only three-quarters of her mother's achievements. The thought of what would
happen to the looser of this competition encourage her to propel herself
forward. With every muscle in her well defined, long tapered legs bulging out
under her smooth skin like steel cables Edna double her efforts. Breathing
heavily, she struggled on at a power-walk pace, with her father fused to her
fanny like an over size tail. Robert discontinued his slashing of her red-hot
buns, as Edna entered the narrow open passageway between the cabin structure and
the port railings. Passing the galley her father started to moan louder then
scream and started twisting to his left as he tried to get off his back. The
powerful movement slammed Edna against the port rails and was dragged down to
the deck.

   Robert kicked James's shattered hand, which had been trailing behind  "On
your back FAGGOT!" bellowed Robert.

   James rolled back over onto his back forcing his daughter to be rolled onto
her pierce and bound tits. Robert then kicked James in the head, stepping up on
his chest.  With a bouncy stride Robert walked across James's torso up onto
Edna's rump and across her back to step down on the deck in front of Edna. Each
bouncy step that Robert took caused the person under him a considerable amount
of pain.  Especially when Robert bounced across the part of Edna's back directly
over her cone shaped, tightly bound breasts.

   Turned as he thumping the crop lightly against his right thigh Robert
snapped, "Rest period over Piglet back on your feet and get moving." He started
slashing Edna's back with the riding crop. 

   Wishing that she could just lie there and never have to get up again Edna
sighed deeply as she struggled onto all fours then pushed and heaved her way to
her knees. Grasping stanchion the next to her, Edna used it to haul herself back
onto her feet, panting heavily and near exhaustion.  Robert's riding crop rained
blows upon her back the entire time.  With the hot rays of Pacific sun gleaming
off the sweat that was streaming down her taunt, supple young body, Edna with a
Herculean effort channel all of her remaining strength to her legs to continue
her downtrodden journey around the yacht.  Her father tried to muffle his
screams but Edna could hear every heart-wrenching scream of anguishing pain as
she dragged him along. Edna shuddered as she reached the bow and passed over the
spot where Al had skewer her mammary glands, vaginal lips and clitoris with the
fishhooks turning her into a cargo hauler. 

   Robert notice Edna looking at the dried cum and bloodstains on the deck. 
Laughing as he slashed each of her breast four times "Piglet your not on a
sightseeing tour.  However such a historic spot should be commemorated.  So
we'll stop here and immortalize it. Drop to your hands and knees, Piglet!"

   Painfully Edna dropped to her knees, which jarred the weights hanging from
her flesh. Bending, over she place her hands on the deck just below the dry cum
and bloodstain on the white deck.  Then Robert grabbed her father by the ears
and pulled him up off the deck and onto her lashed back. Her father bellowed as
his shattered arm fell like a wet noodle over Edna's right shoulder. Edna
strained to remain up on all fours with the added weight of her father on her
back.

   "Piglet take the FAGGOTS right index finger and pierce it with any of the
hooks sticking out of you!" Robert commanded.

   As gentle as she could Edna lifted her father's busted index finger and
pierced it with the large hook jetting through her left breast and held it there
as blood started to flow around her breast and drip to the deck from her nipple.
Seeing the blood dripping Robert instructed Edna to use the finger to write
with. Her father howled in her left ear the entire time she wrote with the
shattered finger, despite her attempt to be gentle. When Edna finished writing
and signing the dedication Robert grabbed her by the hair and yanked her and
father onto their backs. As James right arm whipped through the air and smashed
to the deck he bellowed at the top of his lungs and lapsed back into oblivion. 

   Lying on her back atop of her farther gasping for air Robert kicked her legs
apart and knelt between them.  Lifting the weight that was hanging from her clit
Robert yanked it straight up and burst out laughing.  "Just look at this funny
looking thing, Piglet." He barked with mirth in his voice

   Edna looked between her grossly discolored cone shape bound breasts, to see
her once pristine pink little clitoris was now red as a lobster. The ablaze
clitoris was all bloated, and stretched almost twice as long as it had been. 
Every time it pulsed blood squirted from where the fishhook passed through it.
Edna watched Robert drag her clitoris over her bald pussy mound towards her head
by the weight.  He dragged and stretched it until it was half way to her belly
button.

   "Hold that twittle-dee right where it's at, Piglet!" Robert barked, as he
handed her the weight.

   Despite the pain that roared through her extended clitoris right to it's
root, Edna held her clitoris where Robert wanted it.

   With the hook out of his way Robert slammed his cock into her cunt and
hammered away. Robert reached up grabbed and squeezed both of her cone wrapped
breasts for support as he drove his cock in and out of the tortured teen's tight
cunt.

   Edna moaned in pain as Robert twisted and pulled her breasts as he worked her
pussy over with his fuck rod. With every thrust and retraction of his phallus
she could feel it bump over her father's rock hard prick that was still impaling
her rectum through the thin membrane that keep the two channels separated.  The
tension on her clitoris eased slightly then snapped back as Robert rabbit like
fucking movement punched her pussy.

   "Well, well what do we have hear?" Frank asked with an astonished voice. 

   Edna glanced over to the starboard side and saw Frank and her mother,
standing there, watching Robert fuck her.

   "A commencement ceremony, read the dedication."  Remarked Robert as he
continued to ream his cock in Edna's cunt.

   **********

   With her legs still spread wide by the spreader bar Susan started to shuffle
her feet as she started her journey around the yacht. Shuffling her feet to and
fro gave her the best possible speed and the less amount of pain from the
weights that hung from her body. Though the pulling of her pussy lips was
extremely painful, the anchor, milk crate and all of its contents were much
lighter then the weight of her husband that her daughter had to pull. So right
off the bat she was pulling ahead of her daughter, as she shuffle along. It
pained her to think that if she won the race that her daughter would receive her
weights. And Edna would receive a beating across the rear. But that couldn't be
helped. Her weighted stretched flesh and her all ready stripe body just couldn't
take any more abuse. If it did she was sure that she would die. She was equally
sure that her daughters young body was better equip to handle the addition of
her weights. "Arggeee!"

   Susan had shuffle towards the bow about five feet shy of the bridge ladder
when Frank suddenly lashed her tender inner sides of her thighs briskly several
times with his riding crop, as he bellowed. "Bitch! Stop shuffling along. Pick
up your feet completely clear of the deck with every step."

   Moaning as she lifted her left foot up off the deck and swung it forward and
place it back on the deck, followed by the right foot done in the same manner.
Though the waddling movement was slower then the shuffling it did cause the
weights that were pulling on her breasts, nipples, and pussy lips to swing and
yank with greater force. And she was sure that it was the effect that Frank was
after. He wanted her to suffer more pain then speed. He did not care in the less
if she were to loose. It was not he that would have to endure the tortures
reserve for the looser. He was just interested in making her suffer for his own
perverted pleasure. So she waddled along at a slower but more painful pace. But
even at the slowed pace she was still out pacing her daughter who was straining
to just keep moving as she pulled her husband behind her. She was going to win
this race with ease. All she had to do was maintain this pace or even a bit
slower and the race would be hers. Then the weights that were tormenting her
flesh would be removed.

   Looking back over her shoulder as she heard leather striking flesh. Susan saw
that Robert was slashing her daughter's rump with his riding crop. She saw her
daughter's leg muscles bulge as she put forth-greater effort to increases her
speed. Suddenly she pitched forward. Realizing that she had drifted of course
and plowed in to the bridge ladder. Screaming as she fell, landing on her
breasts with a thud onto the steps of the bridge ladder. Her exposed breasts and
nipples were scraped and pulled as she slid down the steps until she was resting
on her knees on the deck. Sobbing as she lay there from the pain that was racing
through her breasts. Her sobbing turned into a bone-chilling scream as Frank
planted his foot into her pussy.

   "You fucked up bitch!  This is no time for a nap!  You're in a race!  Get
back up and start racing."  Frank snapped as he lashed her rear with his riding
crop.

   With the gut wrenching pain in her pussy and pain of her burning ass cheeks
as Frank continued to whip them, Susan struggled back to her feet. She waddled
backwards a few paces then turned towards the starboard passageway, then moan
deeply as she looked at the passageway. Looking up at Frank, who was leaning on
the bridge ladder railing, just inside of the passageway grinning at her.
Stammering as she spoke, "Frank it's too narrow. With my legs spread wide by the
bar I can't fit through. Can you take the bar off so I can fit through?"

   Stepping forward Frank grasp both hooks going through her breasts and yanked
them up sharply until Susan was standing on her toes howling, as he scowled.
"Didn't my brother tell you that you would not get any AID? If you don't want me
to rip these out of your BOOBIES, (Frank tugged on the hooks in his hand.) then
you best figure a way to continue the race. And SHUT THE FUCK UP."

   Sobbing silently she waddle up to the narrow passageway. Turning sideways
Susan pivoted on the balls of her feet so that her heels swung towards the bow.
Susan then pivoted on her heels, swinging her toes towards the bow.

   "Didn't I tell you to pick them feet up!" roared Frank as he slammed a fist
into Susan's gut.

   "Unhf! Arg!"  As air whooshed out of her lungs, Susan double over and
collapse to the deck on her knees.

   Frank grabbed her hair and yanked her head back then jammed his cock in
Susan's gapping mouth and roared, "Suck!"

   Between sucking on and run her tongue over the prick that filled her mouth,
Susan gasp in enough air to refill her lungs. Bobbing her head up and down on
Frank's prick, Susan continued to suck and twirl her tongue around the phallus
until Frank dump his gooey load. Susan gulped down every drop of the male seed
then continue to suck on the softening prick until Frank jerk it out of her
mouth with a loud slurping pop.

   Still holding her head by the handful of hair Frank slapped Susan back and
forth across the face several times as he barked. "Get moving you lazy bitch!"

   Susan struggled back to her feet facing the cabin structure bulkhead and her
rump pointing out towards the blood red hull of the Anderson brothers' vessel
tied up to the starboard side of the Random Access. Due to the way her ankles
were attached to the spreader bar she had about an inch of play. So Susan lifted
her right foot about six inches off the deck stretch the leg out until all of
the slack was removed then planted back on the deck. Then lifting her left foot
up and drawing the leg together to create slack before returning the foot to the
deck. Like a Sumo wrestler, Susan moved towards the bow of the yacht two inches
at a time.

   "Higher!" barked Frank.

   Susan lifted her feet a full foot off the deck. "Aaarrrggg!"

   Striking her each of her hooked nipples with his crop, Frank roared. "I said
higher bitch!"

   Susan lifted her tootsies two feet off the deck. "Aaarrrggg! Aaarrrggg!"

   "Bitch!  If I don't see those hoofs of yours higher I'll strip the hide off
your titties."

   Susan lifted her feet a full, three feet off the floor and brace herself for
another lash from Frank. When it didn't come Susan prodded along. As the weights
swung back and forth, they pulled and stretched her breasts, nipples and cunt
lips further then the distance her progress towards the bow. The hook that
pierced her pussy lips felt as if it was being ripped out as she slowly pulled
the anchor and milk crate along. Glancing up at Frank she saw him grinning at
her while he stroke his stiff cock.

   With sorrow in her heart Susan gasped and groaned, when she cleared the cabin
structure at the bow of the yacht,

   "Well, well what do we have here?" Frank asked with an astonished voice.

   Susan saw her husband on his back with their daughter laying on her back on
top of her father. Robert was rabbit fucking her daughter's pussy. Pity, despair
and humiliation filled both females eyes as mother and daughter eyes locked on
each other.

    "A commencement ceremony, read the dedication."  Remarked Robert as he
continued to pound his cock in Edna's cunt.

   **********

   "Read us the dedication Bitch!"  Snapped Frank.

   Looking to where Frank was pointing Susan read in a loud crisp voice what was
written on the white deck in blood, as the squishy noises of her daughter's
raping session went on in the background.

   Historic Marker #5

   Edna Ann Garner

   Piglet The Fucktoy

  

   Here on this spot I, Piglet The Fucktoy received my first set of real
jewelry. Not those cheep bobbles that my FAGGOT father forced me to wear which
were made for a trashy whore. This set of jewelry is classy, highly stylish and
elegant fishing tackle jewelry specially made by a highly skilled craftsmen for
my

   BOOBIES and POOHTANG

   Sign by Edna Ann Sullivan

   Piglet The Fucktoy   

   Special commencement activities presented by

   Piglet The Fucktoy's TWAT

   Piglet The Fucktoy's TWIDDLE-DEE

   Piglet The Fucktoy's BAZOOMS

   and

   Piglet The Fucktoy's TWAT HUMP

   Ink and Stylus provided by:

                             My father the FAGGOT

           Clean up performed by:

           My mother the BITCHEY SLUT

  

   "Drop to your knees and watch the ceremony, Bitch." Barked Frank.

   Susan dropped to her knees and watched Robert rape her daughtert. As she
knelt there Frank reached behind her and grabbed the lanyard that hung from her
bound wrist and hooking it to the center eyebolt of the spreader bar holding her
legs spread wide.

   In a sweet tone Frank spoke to Susan. "Bitch I'm going to be real nice to
you. I'm going to set the box to its first setting for the ceremony. As long as
you stay in you present position and watching the ceremony the box will remain
at the first setting. If you move or show any signs of rebellion I will set the
box to its maximum until you finish the race. Understand Bitch!"

   As Frank turned the dial down to decrease the voltage Susan blubbered "Oh
yes! Yes, yes! I will remain kneeling right hear and watch the ceremony. I will
not move or cause any trouble at all. Thank you Frank for being so kind to me." 
Susan watched the ceremony unfold before her eyes.

   "Pull it tighter, Piglet!" roared Robert

   Edna pulled on the weight in her hand, stretching her clitoris even more as
Robert's seminal fluid spirited from the slit of his prick to fill her pussy up
with the sticky, thick substance. Robert pulled his flaccid prick from her
steamy fuck box with a squishy plopping noise.

   "Thank you, My Lord and Master, Robert, for using Fuck Central for your, cum
deposit in my nasty twat." chirped Edna.

   Scooting back Robert and picking up the riding crop, he swatted Edna's soggy
fuck cavity with the crop ten times in rapid succession. Standing up and moving
to Edna's side, he slashed the crop across Edna's stretched out clitoris briskly
five times. Taking the weight from the sobbing and withering teenager, Robert
stretched her clitoris taunt in the opposite direction and lashed the top of it
briskly five times also.

   Robert released the weight letting gravity take control of it. As the
invisible hand of gravity took hold of the weight and pulled it to the deck,
Edna's clit slithered after the weight. Just before the weight reached the deck,
Edna's clit plucked the weight from gravity's mighty hand. Edna's clit fought to
maintain control of the weight as gravity wrestled to take the weight back. Edna
screamed silently as she twisted and thrashed about madly atop her father as her
clit was jerked and stretched violently towards the deck as her clitoris and
gravity played a game of tug-a-war.

   Placing one foot on Edna's flat stomach Robert snarled. "You best calm down
and remain still or it well be harder on you, Piglet!" Leering down at her with
a bedeviled, sadistic grin that had spittle seethed from between his teeth.
"Grab them fishes nibbling them titties and pull them to your shoulders!" 

   With shacking hands Edna grasped the fish shape lures that were hook through
her nipples and pulled on them until the fish tails were resting on her
shoulders. Edna's coned breast were bent backwards, exposing the soft creamy
undersides  

   "Don't move!"  Robert then slashed the well-presented boobs ten times each.
After he slashed her breasts with the riding crop he continue raining the crop
over Edna's entire torso. Starting at the base of the coned breasts and slowly
inch-by-inch worked the crop down her chest and across her tummy. Robert stopped
his downward movement with the crop as he came to Edna's bald pussy mound. He
slashed her bald pussy mound ten times with the crop.

   "Spread them titties wide, Piglet!" 

   Edna pulled on the lures straight out separating her twin cones. Robert
slashed the wicked crop along the deep valley between her breasts fifteen times.
Then up the inner side of the left breast, laying down five angry purple lines
with the crop, along the bound breast and down inner side of the right breast
living behind five more angry purple lines.

   "Pull them straight down and stretch the really taunt, Piglet."

   Edna pulled the lures straight down her torso bending the twin cones until
they were bent flat across her chest. Robert slashed the top of her tit flesh
fifteen times for each breast, ninety degrees out from the deep purple lines
that Al had laid down. The results made the tops of Edna's breasts look like a
grid, with one hundred and ninety-six little squares on the topsides of each one
of Edna's thirty-six inch mammary glands.  As Robert finished lashing Edna's
breast he walked over to Susan. With the aid of his brother he dragged Susan
across the deck and between Edna's legs.

   Kneeling between her daughter's legs Susan got a close look of the riding
crop marks that she had just watch Robert give her daughter. The welts covered
the front of daughter's body completely from the tops of her breasts to the hood
of her stretched out blotted clitoris. None of the crop lashing had broken
Edna's, skin but all of them were a deep angry purple color.

   Frank's hand slapped the back of her head hard as he bellowed "Bitch, pick up
that clit weight of Piglet's with your teeth and place it on top of her twat
hump. Then clean out that nasty twat box with that sewer mouth of yours. And let
me know when you're done."

   Susan lifted the weight that her daughter's clit was attached to with her
teeth and deposited it atop of her daughter's pussy mound. Susan then planted
her mouth on her daughter's cuntal opening and started sucking and licking the
jism deposits that was leaching from it and pooled in it.

   She had been so proud of her daughter for her decision to abstain from sexual
activity. Especially in today's society of high number of kids having kids. But
now as she looked at her daughter's genitalia Susan wished that her daughter had
been a little looser. Susan wished that her daughter had loving sexual relations
with several of her boyfriends.

   Yes, Susan actually wished that her daughter had been sexually active
resulting in many blissful orgasms. But that didn't happen. Her daughter's
introduction to sex was at the hands of the sadistic Anderson brothers. Susan
sobbed mournfully as she lapped up tongue full after tongue full of Robert's
spunk from her daughter's bald, beaten pussy. Her daughter would never know the
pure joy of sexual ecstasy. Only humiliation, torture, agonizing pains, and
rapes, would be Edna's only sexual experience.

   "Keep them titties pulled taunt and open wide, Piglet."  Roared Robert as he
straddled Edna and squatted down on the upper portion of her breasts. Robert
feed his long cock into her mouth and started to fuck her throat with it.

   As Susan sucked the last bit of jism from her daughter's snatch, Susan pulled
her head back and look up at Frank and said "Frank, My Lord and Master, I'm
finish cleaning all of the jism from Piglet's twat box. What do you want me to
do now, My Lord and Master?" 

   "Lean back Bitch" Frank snapped.

   As Susan leaned back Frank stepped between her and her daughter and plunged
his flaccid stubby cock into her daughter's pussy.

   "Bitch lick out my asshole while I full Piglet's twat box with piss."

   Susan licked and sucked Frank's asshole as he pissed in her daughter's cunt;
which raptly filled up. Choking off the piss stream Frank turned and shoved his
prick in Susan's mouth and letting his piss to flow once again. Susan swallowed
rapidly not letting a single drop escape from her mouth. As the piss stream ran
dried Susan sucked the last remaining drops from Frank's prick. With his piss
spent Frank stepped out from between the two captive and tortured women.

   "Empty that twat box, Bitch!  I'll be right back!" snorted Frank.

   Susan planted her mouth over her daughter's pussy and sucked all of the piss
that was in it out. Yes nothing but a sexual world of humiliation, torture,
agonizing pain, and rapes." Susan screamed to herself, as her tears mixed with
Frank's piss that she was lapping up from her daughter's pussy.

   Leaning back as she finished removing the piss from her daughters pussy Susan
looked around for Frank. Not seeing him she spoke to Robert. "Robert, My Lord
and Master, I've completed the task that My Lord and Master, Frank gave me to
do. What do you want me to do now?"

   Looking back over his shoulder at her Robert barked "Lean forward over Piglet
so she can grab your fishes. Piglet keep a hold of your fishes and grab the
Slut's!"

   Reaching up Edna grasp her mother's nipple fishes.

   "Now Slut straighten up and lean back slightly, and keep your titties over
Piglet's tummy. Stay in that position! If you don't, I'll set your power setting
to the max. Piglet you are to yank on them fishes alternately like a steam
engine. And you best yank on them hard! I want to see blood dripping from them.
If I don't see blood dripping I'll whip that little body of yours all over again
and I'll draw your blood with each and every stroke."

   Susan and Edna complied with their orders. As the first drop of blood
splattered onto Edna's torso Robert resume his deep throating.

   Feeling his balls rise in his sack and his cock throbbing, Robert stood and
quickly turned allowing his jism to spray across Edna coned bound breasts. He
watched Edna who was still savagely pulling on her and her mother's nipples.
Robert scanned his eyes over Edna's striped torso, to Susan who kneeling between
her daughter's, legs leaning back. As her own daughter pulled and stretch her
nipples. As Edna continue to jerked on the four nipples, more and more of
Susan's tit flesh was pulled through the two nipple openings of the rubber
"brassier" as drops of blood splatter to Edna's torso to pool and mix with her
daughter's blood as the young teen sang out.

   "Thank you, My Lord and Master, Robert for using Fuck Central for your, cum
deposit in my mealy mouth. 

   Laughing at their plight Robert let losses a stream of strong smelling piss.
Which sprayed over both of the tormented girls. Clamping his prick with his hand
Robert cut off the stream of piss. He wanted to save some for James's. Squatting
back down over the still open mouth of Edna, Robert lined up his asshole with
her mouth. Clenching down with his rectal muscles Robert force a thick solid
turd out of his rectum. The long steamy turd filled Edna's mouth like a snake
heading into its burrow. When Edna's mouth was packed full he pinched off the
turd flow. "Close that yap of yours and hold that shit there. "Let go of the
Slut's fishes but keep holding yours."  Standing up he walked over to Susan and
shoved her backwards. Knowing what Robert was going to do, Susan opened her
mouth wide as Robert squatted over her mouth and filled it with shit also. "Both
of you harlots start chewing. And don't either one of you harlots swallow. You
will continue to chew and hold your chocolate candy in your mouth until you are
given permission to swallow." Waking back to Edna's head he grabbed a hand full
of hair and dragged Edna back to her feet. Once again gravity tried to drag
Edna's, weighted flesh to the deck. She sucked in a lung full of sea air through
her nose, as pain wash through her tormented flesh. Standing on shake legs
chewing on a mouth full of excrement.

   "Piglet cup your hands together and hold them below your twat."

   Letting go of her fishes Edna's twin cones pop straight up and wobbled a bit
before settling down. Edna had to haunch over slightly to get her hands cup
below her pussy. Her legs trembled as she maintained her stoop position.

   Robert place his asshole over her cupped hands and squeezed out the remaining
shit from his bowels. "Piglet stuff that candy bar up your twat box and hold it
in there."

   Edna slid the excrement into her pussy. The semi-firm stuff felt like a soft
cock sliding into her twat, but as she pushed it in the tube shape piece of shit
it disintegrated and became a squishy glob that filled her cunt up. Edna used
both of her hands to hold the shit in her pussy. She herd her farther moan
painfully as Robert picked up her father's crushed hand and wiped the shitty
residue from his ass crack then dropped it to the deck. Standing over James face
Robert relived the remaining piss from his bladder and pissed in James's face.
James started screaming as soon as he came back on line.

   "Shut the fuck up FAGGOT or I'll bust your other hand."  Roared Robert.

   James muffled his screams but that didn't satisfied Robert he kick James
shattered wrist while bellowing, "I said to shut the fuck up. This is your last
warning the next peep I hear from you and I'll start busting your left arm." 

   James grinded his teeth and chewed his lip raw to prevent any further noises
from escaping from his lips.

   Grinning as he saw Frank come around the corner carrying the footlocker of
torture equipment, two more containers of piss and shit solution and a six pack
of beer. Robert kicked James's arm twice more before going to join his brother.

   "Hi Frank the harlots are chewing on chocolate candy bars and the faggot is
still wining about the minor bruises on his arm."

   Placing the footlocker he was carrying into the milk crate he handed his
little brother one of the beers. Both brothers open their beers and clanked them
together then in unison "We now proclaim this Fucktoy Historic Sight open!" Then
they chug down the beers.

   As Frank hooked up a full container of cocktail to the pump feeding Susan,
Robert open the equipment footlocker and took out a heavy duty staple gun,
vice-grips and a ball-peen hammer. Robert walked over to James and knelt next to
him. Robert placed the vice-grips and hammer on James chest.

   "FAGGOT! One more peep and I'll use those!" Robert then went about firing
staples into James chest. James struggled to keep silent as Robert use the
entire clip. James's chest had fifty staples imbedded in it.

   As Robert was placing staples into James, Frank crouched next to Susan who
was still laying on her back chewing the shit that still filled it. The
consistency of the shit no longer needed to be chewed. Mixing with her saliva
the shit had devolved into a semi-liquid state. She only made chewing movements
because Robert told her to chew and had not given her permission to stop.

   "Bitch, stop chewing and swallow your candy!" Frank barked.

   As Susan swallowed Robert's shit and stop her chewing motion, as Frank slid
the pump discharge tube in her mouth. Then Frank turned the pump on at its full
volume flow.

   Susan swallow as rapidly, as she could in a desperate attempt to keep pace
with the pump, that was pumping mouth full after mouth full of the vile liquid
into her oral cavity. But with the all stuff she drank before the race started.
The gallon of cocktail she drank on her way to the bow. And the jism, piss and
shit that she took in to her gullet at the bow, made it increasingly more
difficult to find room in her already cramping bloated belly to swallow much
more of the piss and shit cocktail. Frank stood over her grinning sadistically
twirling the riding crop on his index finger. She lay, there gulping frantically
then it happened. A thin trickle of cocktail trickled out of the corner of her
mouth. Frank's reaction was immediate and harsh.

   Frank started to lash the portions of Susan's breasts that were sticking out
of the tight fitting "brassier" with the riding crop. He beat the tit flesh with
such aggressiveness vigorously and speed that Susan could have swore that a
dozen men were whipping her breasts with spiked cables instead of one insane man
with a smooth riding crop. Susan howled and thrashed like an epileptic, having
fits.

   As Frank rained the crop over her tit flesh he bellowed "Bitch! You best stop
wasting the cocktail and start sucking it down into that gullet!" When Frank
stopped lashing her tit flesh with the riding crop he unclipped the lanyard from
the spreader bar and roared "Bitch! Get to your feet." 

   Sucking and swallowing frantically Susan started to struggle to her feet.
Glancing down at her throbbing breast. The tit flesh that was bulging through
the cup opening of the "brassier", were a pair bloody, pulps. The flesh been
stripped from them only raw pulverize meat stared back at her.

   Frank walked over to James carrying the equipment footlocker. Setting the
footlocker on the deck next to him. Frank helped his brother lift James onto
Edna's back as she stood bent over at the waist with her hands plastered to her
cunt holding Robert's shit in it. Frank rummaging through the equipment bag he
removed four more tie-down straps from the bag.

   "Piglet! Drop your hands."  Snapped Robert.

   Edna let her hands fall away from her pussy and let them hanged limply just
inches from the deck. She wanted desperately to use her hands to help her
support herself and her father who was lying across her back.  Watching her
mother's struggling efforts to get to her feet with out the use of her hands,
Edna didn't want to risk using hers with out explicit permission or command from
Frank or Robert. Edna felt Frank and Robert place the four tie-down straps
around her and her father's torsos. One strap went around her upper chest just
above her coned bound breast. The second one went around her chest just below
her breasts. The last two went around her waist just below her rib cage and
above the hipbones. Once the tie-down straps were in place, they were ratcheted
so tight that the straps dug deeply into the flesh of both father and daughter
and fused the two bodies into one.

   "Piglet, put them hands back and stir your chocolate."  Robert barked.

   Edna snapped her hands back over pussy. Slipping her index finger of her left
hand deep into her vagina she swirled the shit that was stuff in it.

   Reaching into the footlocker once again Frank pulled out, a long chrome,
phallus shape tube with a "T" handle at its base. The tube was two feet long
with a girth the size of a penny. The base of the tube flair out to a disk with
the circumference of a soda can, that the "T" handle was attached to. Frank gave
the "T" handle two complete turns and the tube's girth increased in size to
about a quarter. And the round tip began to open. Satisfied that the mechanism
was working properly he reset it.

   Stepping behind James and Edna, Frank line the round end of the tube up with
James' sphincter as Robert stood in front of the them, placing his hands on
Edna's shoulders and held them tightly. Frank then rammed the entire two feet of
the tube up James's poop-chute. The launching of the tube up James's rectum
propelled, father and daughter forward, only Robert's firm grip on Edna's
shoulders prevented the pair from sprawling across the deck.

   Frank started turning the "T" handle and the girth of the tube that was lodge
deep in James's ass increased in size. Frank turn, and turned, and turned the
"T" handle. The Tube increasing in size the entire time and with it James
poop-chute. James's rectum was stretched, first to the size of a quarter then to
a silver dollar, up to a 12-ounce beer can. As the rod continue to stretch the
poop-chute that it was buried in, Edna felt her father's body shudder and his
breathing increase to short rapped, raspy puffs vented through his nose on the
back of her neck. Her father remain silent not even a grunt pass his lips, as
both father and daughter watch Robert rock the ball-peen hammer back and forth
on his left index finger and twirled the vice-grips on his right index finger.
As James's rectum reached the size of a two liter soda bottle, Frank stopped
turning the "T" handle and disconnected the "T" handle and the turning mechanism
from the tube.

   "Ready little brother."  Remarked Frank.

   Robert reached down to the footlocker and placed the hammer and vice-grips
into the locker. Pulling out a shoebox. As he removed the box top he barked at
Edna "Piglet! Cup your hands in front of your face"

   With her shit covered hands cupped together in front of her Robert place the
box over them and dump three heavy steel softball size globes into her hands
from the box. The globes bristled with small sharp spikes that stabbed into the
soft flesh of Edna's palms and fingers. Edna's eye's bulged and her father
became absolute still as they look at the steel globes that were in her hands.

   Holding the box under Edna's cupped hands he bellowed. "Piglet! Your daddy
needs those to pack his shitter, Place them gently in the shoe box."

   Edna lowered her hands in to the box and slowly parted them and let the steel
globes gently slide through her hands to rest in the box. The sharp barbs
pricked her flesh as the globes slid into the box.

   Rocking the box back and forth allowing the steel globes to clink against
each other so that Edna and James could hear them Robert joined his brother
behind the joined pair. "Piglet! Stir your chocolate with the first two fingers
of each hand. Robert growled.

   Edna snapped he hands to her pussy and inserted the four designated fingers
into her vagina and twirled them around.

   Seeing that Susan had finally managed to get to her feet, Frank barked
"Bitch! Let that FAGGOT suck them titties!"

   Shuffling forward on her spread legs to stand in front of her husband and
daughter. Groaning Susan plopped her left breast atop her daughter's shoulders.
Scooting forward, twisting and stretching Susan presented her left breast to her
husband.

   Seeing his wife's bloody tit flesh James as gently as he could ran his tongue
over the bleeding flesh, hoping that the action would satisfy Frank and cause
the less amount of pain to his wife. But all hopes of that vanished as he felt
the vice-grips clamp and locked down on his left-hand pinkie.

   "Faggot you best start chopping and sucking that bitch's titty hard or Robert
here is going to start busting every bone in your left hand."  Roared Frank.

   As James's felt Robert twist his pinkie backwards until it snap, he open his
mouth wide and sucked in a mouth full of raw bleeding tit flesh and clamp down
on it.

   Susan screamed and howled at the top of her lungs as her husband chewed
viciously on her already mauled tit. Susan jerked her body backward causing her
to crash to the deck. As she jerk back her husband's teeth raked the tit flesh,
which scraped a thin layer of flesh off her breast. Both of the sadistic
brothers roared with laughter as Susan thrashed and howled about the deck.

   With mirth in his voice Frank giggled, "Bitch, your going to pay for that bit
of disobedience. Now quiet down or Robert will rip out your tongue with the
vice-grips."

   With tears streaming from her eyes, Susan choked back her cries to a muffled
roar as she clamped her mouth shut. With purgatory pain racing through it Susan
looked at her burning and throbbing left breast she saw the teeth marks that
were place there by her husband.

    Frank drop one of the spiked steel globes down the tube that was sticking
out of James's poop-chute, a sharp metallic clanking could be herd over Susan's
muffled cries. As the globe rattled to the end of the tube, Frank used a rod to
hold the globe in place then pulled a half of foot of the tube back out of
James's rectum. As the tube was withdrawn James's stretched rectum collapse
completely around the softball size steel globe, the spikes digging into the
soft tender lining of the rectum. Frank dropped another globe into the tube, it
also clanked down the tube to impact into the flesh above the first one.
Withdrawing the tube another half-foot sealing the second globe in it's own
isolated section of the rectum, as the pointy steel teeth tried to chew its way
out. Frank dropped the last globe in the tube then pulled the tube the rest of
the way out. Now James's had three, spiked softball size steel globes weighing
five pound each imbedded in his rectum that were trying to chew there way out as
the stretched tissue tried to return to it's original shape. A small trickle of
blood leeched from James's ass as he squirmed and moaned painfully atop his
daughter's back.

   Frank collapsed the tube back to it's original shape as he walked around to
footlocker and place it back into the footlocker along with the "T" handle and
the expending mechanism, as Robert talked to James.

   "FAGGOT, do you mind holding the vice-grips for me?" (The vice grips were
still clamped around James's broken left-hand pinkie.)  James was about to
answer Robert when Robert did it for him. Robert started to hold a one-person
conversation. "You will! Gee thanks FAGGOT. What's that FAGGOT? You want to hold
the hammer for me also. Well that's being very helpful, I sure do appreciate
this." Taking the ball-peen hammer and a roll of duct tape from the footlocker.
Then grasping James's shattered right hand Robert taped the hammer to the
shattered hand then dropped the hand letting the hammer yank it down towards the
deck. Robert then picked up the footlocker and placing it in the milk crate that
was atop the anchor attached to Susan's pussy lips. Bellowing at Edna "Piglet,
straiten up and start pumping them hamhocks you have a race to finish.


CLOSE LOG ENTRY 18




   LOG Entry Number 19:

   the winner is. . .


   Edna assumed a posture that was best suited to bear the load that was strap
to her back. Edna's thrust her rump backwards as far as she could manage. Then
she flexed her spine forward creating a shadow depression along her lower back. 
And finally stooping her torso forward just far enough to counterbalance her
father's weight. Edna struck a delicate balance to keep herself upright. Slowly
and with care so that she wouldn't loose her center of gravity and fall, Edna
took a step towards the starboard side of the yacht. When she didn't topple over
Edna took another then another.

   As Edna approach the starboard passageway Robert bellowed "Halt, Piglet! Face
the slut!"

   Edna came to a complete stop and turned towards her mother. She was panting
heavily. She had walked less then five feet and already she was exhausted. Edna
shook with fear and strain and sweat rolled down her naked flesh as Robert
double-checked the straps that welded her father to her back and rump. Not
satisfied with the tautness of several of the straps he ratcheted them even
tighter, while Frank stopped the pump feeding piss and shit to Susan.

   "Now Slut what's needed to bring Piglet's usage tally up to where it
belongs?" Robert asked as he activated his usage cylinder.

   Fighting to control her sobbing from the pain lancing through her tattered
nipples, Susan responded to Robert's inquiry in short raspy coos as sweetly as
she could. "My Lord and Master, Robert you owe Piglet five usage brands."

   "Where and for what, SLUT?" Roared Robert.

   "My Lord and Master, Robert, you need to place three of your usage brands on
the upper right side of Piglet's chest. One for depositing your sweet cream in
her mealy mouth, another brand for pissing in her mealy mouth, and the last
brand for the candy she is chewing."

   Susan watch her daughter tremble and smoke rise up from her daughter's chest
as Robert seared three "R's" into her.

   "My Lord and Master, Robert, you also need to place a usage brand on Piglet's
abdomen for filling her nasty twat up with your sweet cream and another branding
for allowing her to carry candy in her nasty twat."

   Once again Susan watched her daughter tremble and smoke rise up from her
daughter's flesh as Robert burned two more "R's" into the teen.

   Susan looked mournfully at her trembling daughter and her freshly branded
flesh. Just a few hours ago she was beaten into submission as she tried to come
to her daughter's aid after Al rip her virginity away. Now she was giving
directions on branding her daughter like cattle for each perverse act that was
done to her daughter's mouth and pussy.

   With a deep regretful  sigh Susan mewed, "My Lord and Master, Frank, you need
to brand Piglet's abdomen twice for depositing your sweet cream and piss into
Piglet's nasty twat."

   Frank branded two "F's" in the center of Edna's abdomen.

   "My Lord and Master Frank and My Lord and Master, Robert, Piglet's usage
indicators are now accurate." Susan cooed.

   Robert grasped the two fish shape lures hooked through Edna's nipple and
began twirling her breasts with them. "Piglet, is mommy's tally correct?"
Giggled Robert as he snapped Edna's breasts coned wide apart.

   Edna shuddered violently as her legs crumpled beneath her. She dropped to the
deck on her knees with a heavy thud. She would have fallen completely to the
deck if it were not for Robert's firm grip on the lures hooked through her
nipples. The tormented teen looked up at the man she had just a few hours ago
was happily learning how to pilot her father's yacht from. Now as she looked up
at him pass her up stretched coned breasts, she trembled in pure fear.
Dejectedly she rocked her head back and forth to indicate a negative response.
Edna crumpled to the deck as Robert released his grip on the lures hooked
through her nipples.

   Edna watched Robert storm over to her mother. He grabbed the set of fish
looking lures hooked through her mother's bloody nipples. He shook her mother
around by her tattered breasts like a rag doll.

   "Slut did not my brother tell you to pay attention to the dedication
ceremony?"

   "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master. My Lord and Master Frank told me to pay
attention to the dedication ceremony?" Stammered Susan as she sobbed

   "And did not my brother tell you that you would be tested?" Growled Robert as
he snapped her breasts wide apart.

   "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master. My Lord and Master Frank told me I would be
tested"

   "Well SLUT you failed the test!" Snapped Robert as he jerked Susan's breasts
upward until she was standing on her toes. "Frank if you please."

   THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!
THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!

   "AAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGBGEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!"

   Edna looked passed her screeching mother to Frank. He was standing behind her
mother slightly to one side. In his hand was a leather strop with numerous very
sharp pointy steel spikes sticking out of it. Blood was dripping from the
spikes. And a pool of blood was forming on the deck beneath her mother. When
Robert released his grip on her mother's nipple lures she instantly collapsed to
the deck. Edna winced as her eyes locked onto her mother's rear. Like her
father's back and rump and her mother breasts Edna's mother's two meaty globes
had been beaten to a bloody pulp.

   "Well SLUT! What did we leave out of Piglet's tally?" Snapped Robert as he
kicked Susan on her bloody rear.

   In short agonizing gasping sobs Susan stuttered, "Me! Robert My Lord and
Master I left my sucking and cleaning of My Lord and Master, Frank jism and piss
from Piglet's nasty twat."

   THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!
THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!

   "AND!" Bellowed Frank after lashing Susan's rear a dozen more times with the
metal spiked strop.

   Susan writhed across the deck as the strop ate its way through her ruptured
rear. Franticly she ran through the horrid sexual acts done to her daughter's
pussy and mouth during the dedication ceremony. But she couldn't come up with
anything else to add to the usage tally. Pleadingly she looked up at the two
grinning brothers towering over her.

   THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!
THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!

   "On your back Slut!" Snapped Frank after he once again slashed Susan's
tattered rear a dozen more times.

   It was shear agony for Susan as she twisted over onto her back. Her flaming
rear sent a new wave of agonizing pair to rip through her as her tattered
bleeding rump made contact with the deck.

   "Piglet get over here!" Snapped Robert

   Edna's legs trembled with effort as she struggled up on her feet with the
burden of her father strapped to her back. She scurried over as quickly as she
could to stand in front of Robert. He guided her until she was straddling her
mother's head

    "Well Slut does this help spark anything in the void between your ears?"
Growled Robert.

   "Robert My Lord and Mas...AAARRRGGGEEE!!!!" Susan's response was cut short as
Frank's deck-shoe slammed into her pussy.

   "Now little brother you know that there isn't even the most minuscule bit of
gray mater in the bitch's head to generate a spark. So let me provide the bitch
with a itsy-bitsy spark to help her out." Giggled Frank, as he picked up the box
that, control the electricity flowing into Susan through her nipples and clit.

   "Sure Frank, help the slut out." Snickered Robert.

   Susan began to thrashed and bucked wildly and let out a continuous gurgling
howl as Frank twisted the voltage output dial from the first setting to the
tenth. After several minutes the powerful bolts of electrical current slamming
into her was cut in half.

  

   "Well slut now that Frank was kind enough to help you out has that pea brain
of yours come up with Piglet's missing usage?" Giggled Robert.

   Susan looked up at her daughter who was still straddling her head. Her eyes
locked onto her daughter's fingers as they twirled Robert's shit stuffing her
pussy. "Robert My Lord and Master. Piglet needs a usage mark for her finger
action in her steamy twat." Susan mewed passed her chattering teeth.

   "Interesting response slut we'll make note of it. But is wrong. Frank if you
please." Giggled Robert.

   Once again Susan started howling and thrashing as Frank spun the control knob
to the tent level. Susan suffered through ten more minutes before full force of
the electricity was dropped back down to the fifth setting.

   "Well slut?" Robert smirked.

   Susan stared up at her daughter standing over her. What could it be? Her mind
reeled. What else was done to her daughter during the dedication ceremony? The
beatings, it had nothing to do with her daughter's pussy or mouth. But the
beating did include her daughter's clitoris.

   Could the beating that her daughter's clitoris had been subject to qualify
for usage branding? Susan fixed her eyes on her daughter's, descended clitoris.
It was swaying in time with the weight that was stretching it. The more that her
daughter's legs trembled the wider the arc the weight wound up swing. With each
heartbeat little spurts of blood would jet out from both sides of the clitoris
where the fishhook shank skewered the sex organ. The inflamed bloated erectile
organ was horribly stripped with nasty near black welts.

   Susan was at a lost. She had no idea what the brothers wanted her to say. She
had already paid a terrible price for this sick little game they were playing
with her. She desperately wanted to avoid another blast of electricity at the
tenth level. The fifth was bad enough. But what to say, she had to say something
before she angered the brothers.

   "Robert My Lord and Master. Piglet needs a usage marker for the beating you
gave to her clitoris." Sobbed Susan through chattering teeth.

   "Wrong!"

   "AAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!"

   "Come now slut. I know you're embarrassed by it. And it's a truly nasty
shocking thing for the FAGGOT to do to his own daughter. But is out in the open
now. So go ahead and say it. After all, Piglet has already let the cat out of
the bag. And you yourself admitted to your incestuous act with Piglet. So go
ahead and say it."

   Susan's eyes darted to the spot where her daughter's rear and her husband's
groin were joined. "Robert My Lord and Master. Piglet needs a usage brand for
the faggot's incestuous act of packing Piglet's shitter her best fuck tunnel."
Gasped Susan through chattering teeth.

   "Well slut we have a problem. There is nothing to brand Piglet with for
incestuous acts. So keep track of those perverted acts you and the FAGGOT did to
your sweet little girl. Not to mention slut your suggestion, about a usage brand
for Piglet playing with herself. You can ask Al about it later."

   "Dear God!" Susan sobbed to herself. "I've created two new categories of
branding for my daughter. Dear God forgive me."

   "Get them hamhocks pumping, Piglet!" Robert barked.

   Edna turned back towards the starboard side of the yacht and once again
started her rigorous march towards the stern of the yacht to where Al was
sitting. As Robert position himself in front of her.

   "Piglet, stop dragging your feet. You're to lift your legs until your knees
make your titties bounce, then swing them forward until the FAGGOTS nuts are
snapped forward. And to make sure that you don't dilly-dally I'm going to use
this (Robert snapped a clip that were attached to a leash onto the fishhook
skewering Edna's clit. Then he pulled on the leash) to set your pace."

   The pulling of her clit by the leash caused Edna followed Robert as he
started walking backwards. Struggling to maintain her balance as she lifted her
knees high with each step. The weighted, hooks threatened to rip out of her
breasts and nipples as they bounce from Edna's knees slapping against the bottom
of her breasts.

   Her clitoris was yank and twisted as her thighs brushed the weight that hung
from her clitoris to swing and spin. Sweat ran down her supple body in streams.
The salty liquid burned the angry purple welts of her chastise young body. She
could feel the snap of her father's testicles along her bottom as she propelled
her feet forward. With each step she took she could feel the shit that was
stuffing her pussy squishing around as she continue to twirl the shit with the
fingers that were also stuff up her pussy. As her fingers twirled around inside
her pussy she could feel her father's still hard phallus that was buried deep in
her rectum through the thin membrane that divided her two channels. With every
stride she took her father shifted slightly which cause the staples that were
imbedded in her father's chest to rake across her tenderized whipped back. Her
right thigh caused the hammer and her father's right arm to dance the twist.
Edna struggled to keep her balance and speed up under her burden, as she trotted
along on trembling legs, suffering every step of the way. And if her speed
slowed down too much Robert would snap her clitoris via the leash to speed her
up.

   Her high stepping gait reminder her of the time she went to a stable with a
sorority sister who was an equestrienne. She remembered how she howled with
sidesplitting laughter as her sorority sister put her horse through its high
stepping training. The horse looked so silly as it prance around the paddock.
She loved the way that the riding crop sounded as it impacted with the flesh of
the horse whenever it broke its stride or error in anyway. The slapping sound
made her skin tingle all over. Now that horse's karma had come back for payment.
And it was she. Now she didn't find that horse's plight so amusing now nor her
own as two vicious strokes of Robert's riding crop lashed across each of her
breast, followed by a cruel inhuman demoniac laugh mixed in with a simple one
word command.

   "Higher!"

   Edna thrust her knees even higher then she had been thrusting them making her
breasts bounce around more violently.

   Robert was enjoying watching the weights jerk and twist the flesh that they
were hooked into, as the striped, high stepping teenager strain under the weight
of her father. The way the sun glistening off her sweat cover body, making the
deep purple welts shine and glow brightly. The way her face was twisted and
contorted from the excruciating pain she was experiencing. The way the muscles
of her long legs stood out like steel cables. The way her jaw rotated like a
cow, chewing cud. And the way her nostrils, flared as she sucked in lung full
after lung full after lung full of life sustaining air. He loved the complete
package of the, cock hardening, suffering teenager. "Swallow!"

   Edna stopped chewing and swallowed Robert's fecal matter. God how her jaws
hurt from the constant chewing motion, she was delighted to stop.

   Seeing the brief flash of relief flash across the teen's face Robert in a
humorous tone spoke to Edna. "Piglet since you've been such a good little
oinker, I'm going to let you have some more candy. Go ahead and get it from your
twat box.

   Sighing Edna scoop a handful of Robert's fecal matter from her pussy with her
left hand and inserted it in her mouth.

   "All of it, Piglet!"

   Reaching deep into her pussy with her right hand she scooped out the
remaining excrement from her vagina and place it in her mouth to join the first
hand full. Once again her mouth was full of Robert's night soil.

   "Chew!"

   Though the gelatinous shit didn't have enough substance to need chewing, Edna
started her aching jaw in motion anyway as Robert commanded.

   Tugging on the teen's clitoris to hasten her pace Robert continued to speak
to Edna. "Wash your face!"

   Edna Brought her shit soiled hands up to her face and rubbed them vigorously
across her face as if she was applying a facial scrub.

   "Scrape your box out and wash your eyes!"

   Edna reached deep into her pussy and scraped the residue of the reaming
excrement from her vagina then scrubbed her eyes with it. The action made her,
eyes burn and water and blur her vision. With Robert leading her and keeping her
pace up Edna continued her high stepping trot to the stern of the yacht.

   Laughing hard as he watched the reaction that the shit had on Edna's eyes.
"Now doesn't that make that make that hog face of yours feel better, Piglet?"

   While still chewing Robert's fecal materiel Edna vigorously shook her head in
an affirmative response.

   As the pair clear the cabin structure Robert looked over his shoulder and
blurted, "Oh-Oh! Piglet will you look at that!"

   Edna looked towards the stern. Through her watery burning eyes she saw three
blurry figures at the stern. Her already rock bottom spirits plummeted even
further. "Dear God, O-God!  I have lost! My mother has won!  Now I'm going to
have to suffer all of the torment the Al promise the looser. The looser!  Oh
dear God that's me!  My whole body is already wrack with the purgatory, pains of
hell. Now my poor breast, clitoris, rump and mouth were going to be further
tortured, just because her mother won the race. She was going to suffer more
pain and humiliation because of her bitch of a mother. A bitch who care for
nothing but her own comfort, a fucking, whorish bitch that wanted her own
daughter, to suffer instead of her. A fuck-up slimy whore of a bitch who had
needled and demanded of her poor farther to hire Robert, a blood sucking bitch
who. . . Oh-God my leg!"

   As Edna's left calf muscle cramped and locked up Edna lost her balance.
Carried by her momentum Edna pitched forward and crashed to the deck. She laid
face down, sprawled across the deck, completely crushed by her father's weight,
Her wind squeezed from her lungs. Her calf twitching uncontrollably. It was all
over now! She would just lay on the deck and let her father's weight press the
life sustaining air from her lungs and die. She would no longer be tormented by
the Anderson brothers she would find bliss in death! Yes it was all over!

   But like the doomed crew of the cursed vessel of Cycrops, death was not an
option aboard the Random Access only perpetual torment in Poseidon's domain.

   Robert pulled up on the leash in his hand that was hooked to her clit. Robert
jerked Edna's clit up. The young teen thrust her rump up off the deck and got to
her knees.

   Robert briskly tugged twice on Edna's clit while barking. "Crawl, Piglet! Or
I'll yank it off!"

   Edna pushed her chest up off the deck as Robert jerked her clit four more
times. With tears streaming down her face from the hideous pain that ripped
through her clit Edna scrambled towards the stern on her hands and knees.

   "Piglet! I'm going to twang your clitty until you are kissing Al's toes. So
it's up to you to set your own speed Piglet!" Growled Robert, as he viciously
yanked Edna's clitoris another four times. 

   With Robert yanking her clitoris viciously four times every fifteen seconds
Edna crawled as rapidly as she could towards Al.  With her tears flushing the
sting shit from her eyes, and the closing gap between her and the stern, Edna
realized that the two blurry figures that flank Al's massive bulk was not Frank
and her mother. They were the unfocused forms of another pair of nude females.

   **********

   You, too Bitch! Get up on your feet! It's time to finish the race!"  Barked
Frank.

   Stammering as she begged "Please Frank. I hurt, so bad. My breasts and rear
are all mangled and bleeding. Please let me rest a little while. Please Frank
just for a little while. I'll do anything Frank, anything at all. If you just
let me rest. Please Frank"

   Lightly running his index fingers around the outer edge of Susan's aureoles,
which still caused immense pain in her tattered breasts, Frank snarled. "Bitch
if you don't get to your feet, and get to them now I'm going to, (Flicking her
nipples forcible with his index fingers.) bite these off.

   Sobbing as the weights imbedded in her breasts and nipples pulled and yanked,
Susan struggled back to her feet. Waddling towards the port passageway until the
line to the anchor snapped taunt. Susan howled as Frank slashed her bleeding,
bitten lift nipple.

   "Haul ass!" Frank snapped, slashing Susan's other nipple.

    Like her daughter's, the muscles in Susan's legs bulged as she strained to
get the anchor moving with its milk crate of cargo and now the footlocker of
torture equipment. As the anchor inched forward Susan could feel the hook
ripping her pussy lips.

   After her tenth step Frank giggled. "Bitch what did the last part of the
dedication say?"

   Stammering Susan replied, "It said, clean up performed by, my mother the
bitchy slut."

   "And who is this bitchy slut?"  Snickered Frank.

   Still stammering Susan answered. "It's me Frank. I am Piglet's slut of a
mother. It's me. I'm the sluttish mother of Piglet."

   "Well then you best start cleaning! Clean up every spot of jism and blood
with your tongue!"

   Groaning Susan turned around and returned to spot where the fuck juices from
Robert, Frank and her daughter pooled on the deck. She dropped to her knees, and
begin licking.

   Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack! "Faster Bitch!" Frank screamed as he slashed each
of Susan's raw ass cheeks twice with his riding crop.

   Susan darted her pink little tongue back and forth like a crazed snake. While
she licked Frank priced her pussy lips with four more fishhooks. And attached
them to the anchor. Now the weight of the anchor and its load was spread over
five points of her pussy lips. It sent more agonizing pain to surge through her
pussy lips but it lessen the chance that any one of the hooks would be ripped
out, as she towed three hundred and twenty-five pounds with them.

   Once she licked up the sticky jism residue she struggled over to the pool of
blood that leaked out of her husband's ass. Then to her own blood pool that
resulted when her rear was beaten raw. After Susan licked up the blood she rose
up on her knees and stammered. "Frank I'm finish cleaning up the jis. . ." 
Suddenly air whooshed out of Susan's lungs as Frank planted his foot in her gut.

   "You call that clean!  Look at that mess!" Following Frank's pointing finger
Susan looked at the trail of blood that led off towards the starboard
passageway.  "Get back to cleaning."  Frank growled as he laid six quick blows
to Susan's bleeding rump with his riding crop.

   Leaning over and with near insuperable effort she dragged the anchor and
cargo behind her along the blood trail. Susan licked up every drop of blood.
Stopping at the large pool of blood that formed as Robert retightened the straps
that bound her daughter and husband together. And where she had directed the
branding of her daughter's flesh. Susan rapidly lapped up the pool of blood, and
then started down the starboard passageway following her family members, licking
blood as she went. Susan had to lift one leg high like a dog taking a piss to
fit down the narrow passageway.  After she licked up a spot of blood Susan
pressing her face to the deck, which allowed her to scoot the knee still on the
deck forward. Once her knee was in the new forward position, Susan lifted her
head off the deck and thrust it forward over the next drop of blood and licked
it up. Then plopping her face back on the deck. Scoot, lick, plop, scoot, lick,
plop; it was slow and tedious but Susan slowly moved towards the stern of the
yacht licking up the blood trail. Once in a while she even licked up some shit.
Every time she try to rest her hoisted leg on the railing, Frank would lash her
ass and telling her to stop being lazy. Creeping along as she was, Susan knew
that she would never win the race. Every time she lifted her head to thrust it
forward she saw the combined form of her daughter and husband get further, and
further away. She shuddered at the thought of the extra weights that soon would
be dangling from her flesh. Maybe after seeing that she was pulled from the race
to clean up after her fellow suffers Al would be merciful.

   Sighing deeply Susan knew better, in the few short hours, since this insane
ordeal started Susan had come to realize one thing for certain. The sadistic
Anderson brothers had no mercy. So Susan resigned herself to the fact that her
already battered and torture flesh would be further abused by extra weights.

   Scoot, lick, plop, scoot, lick, plop, Susan drone on, towing the anchor and
cargo behind her by her stretched and torn pussy lips, which were dripping blood
of there own. So as she was cleaning her husband's blood off the deck with her
tongue, her pussy lips and rear were laying down a fresh trail of blood, which
was smeared as the anchor was pulled over her blood trail.

   Frank also knew that Susan was going to lose the race. He knew she was going
to loose for sometime now. As a mater of fact Al, Frank and Robert knew it from
the start of the mock race. No mater how fast Susan was Frank would make sure
she lost the race. So as she scooted along licking up the blood that was
dripping from her husband's ass, he smiled and began stroking his prick at the
image of Susan's future torture sections. Frank licked his lips with
anticipation as he thought of the next round with Susan. If she survived there
was a long list of tortures she would have to endure. If she died that wouldn't
be a problem either; after all there was a never-ending supply of bitches around
Hawaii to torture. With that salivating though in his head and his prick rock
hard and throbbing Frank walked over Susan's body and knelt in front of her.
Grabbing Susan by her ears he barked "Open, bitch!" then thrust his throbbing
prick into her mouth.

   Frank knelt there as he hammered Susan's head back and forth letting his
prick plunge in and out of Susan's throat. As Frank felt his nuts tighten he
yank Susan's head back and popped his prick out of her mouth. Jism shot from
Frank's piss slit he sprayed Susan's face with it. With sticky, gooey jism
dripping from her face Frank slammed her face in to the deck busting her nose as
he stood. "Clean, Bitch!"  Frank roared as he walked back over her body behind
her.

   Susan lapped and sucked up the blood and jism as fast as she could. However
the blood flowed out of her nose faster then she could lick it up. As she lapped
and sucked her own blood she heard someone approaching from the stern.

   "Frank! Slut has loss the race. Piglet finished several minuets ago. Al wants
the looser at the stern pronto, to receive payment."  Robert chirped gleefully.

   With equal gleefulness Frank replied. "Sure, little brother, here hold this." 
Frank grabbed the spreader bar attached to Susan's ankles and handed it to his
brother. The action caused Susan to flip over onto her back atop of her bound
arms. The anchor line was treaded through the spreader bar cause the anchor to
slammed into Susan's head and yanked her pussy lips painfully. "Let's get going
Bobby."

   Frank and Robert started dragging Susan by the spreader bar towards the stern
at a raped pace. Susan groaned and wept as she was dragged. Her shoulders burned
as the skin was sanded off her back by the non-skid on the deck. Her pussy lips
were being yank in a constant harsh pull instead of the stop and go that she had
been doing, that had given her pussy lips a brief rest as she licked up the
blood off the deck. As she was dragged pass the cabin structure she started to
choke on the blood that was still flowing from her busted nose.

   The two brothers stop dragging Susan. Giggling as he turned, Frank remarked.
"Aw! Poor little Bitch is having trouble breathing, Bobby. Tell you what I'm
going to do for you, Bitch!  I'm going to wash your face off." Frank started
pissing on Susan's face.

   Susan heard both brothers laughing as Frank's piss splashed across her face
causing her to choke and gag even more. As Frank's piss stream drop off to a
trickle, Robert straddled her.

   "That was awfully kind of you to wash Slut's face for her, Frank. But look at
them titties covered with crusty blood. Don't you think they need washing too?"
Robert giggled and started pissing on Susan's breasts.

   Susan howled as acidic piss splashed across her tattered breasts while the
brothers giggled jubilantly. When Robert's piss stream ended, Frank cut the line
attaching pussy lips and anchor together. Then brothers grabbed the spreader bar
and commence dragging Susan to the stern once again. After the small band got to
the stern Frank and Robert hauled Susan to her feet directly in front of Al.

   With blood and piss dripping from her Susan gasped at the sight before her.
Between Al's legs with her husband still strapped to her back was her daughter's
head bobbing up and down on Al's massive fuck pole. As sickening as that scene
was to Susan it was the two well-bruised and welted nude females flaking Al that
shocked Susan. Here were two total strangers witnessing her family's humiliating
plight. It didn't mater that it was obvious that the two witnesses were also
victims of the sadistic Anderson brothers. No longer was it just her family and
their tormentors, but now there were witnesses to spread the knowledge of how
the Garners groveled before the Andersons. So as Susan sighed deeply her beaten
and bruised body flush beet red from pure shame.

   Susan looked over the two witnesses that were standing to either side of Al.
The one on Al's left seemed to be in her late teens or early twenties. She had a
very narrow waist, which flared out to wide hips and a plump round ass. She was
completely nude. Not only did she not have a stitch of clothing on but also her
entire body was devoid of hair. She was truly nude. The only things that cover
any part of her was the leather collar around her neck and a necklace of what
seem to be made up of human teeth hung loosely around her neck. Her pale white
skin was covered with angry welts and deep bruises. She had no ears, well at
less any external lobes just a set of grotesquely looking scars where the ears
should have been. Her nose was askew and the tip was missing.

   When the young woman saw Susan looking her over she curled her lips back and
open her mouth wide to revile a set of toothless gums. And deep in the back of
the mouth waggled a short stump that use to be her tongue. Her arms were bound
behind her in some fashion that Susan could not see. And her legs were kept
spread wide in a similar fashion that held Susan's legs spread wide. A large
ring was imbedded in her clit.  A line tautly stretched her clit down to the
eyebolt in the center of the spreader bar. Each of her pussy lips also supported
a ring, which dragged her pussy lips towards each end of the spreader bar by
lines that ran between the pussy lips, rings and spreader bar ends.

   She had large breasts that drooped towards the deck as the weights that were
hanging from the rings that went through each breast just behind the aureoles
pulled them towards the deck. Both breasts had stretch wrinkles on them as
though they had been much larger quit recently but now they were much smaller.
Her nipples were clamped with two bells that jungle as her breasts bounced up
and down as she fucked herself in the ass with a long, thick dildo that was
mounted atop a pole fix to the deck.  On the abdominal area was a picture of a
large scorpion and a nude girl on her hands and knees. The scorpion had its tail
thrust into the girl's cunt. The picture was burned deep into the soft tissue of
the hairless girl belly. She had been savagely branded.

   Susan shifted her gaze to the witness on Al's right. This one appeared to be
closer to her, own age. This witness was decked out and bound in similar fashion
as the hairless and toothless witness. Her belly even supported the same brand;
that of a large scorpion fucking a girl with its tail. There were a few major
differences between the two bound witnesses. First, this one had hair long
beautiful auburn head of hair with a thick bush of matching pubic hair. Second,
were the cute, delicate well-formed ears. Third, through a painful grimness was
a set of pearly white, perfectly formed teeth. And lastly her breasts supported
no weights through there were rings. Nor were there any bells clipped to her
nipples. Her breasts were huge. They were the largest breasts Susan had ever
seen. The skin was so taunt that it shone. The sheer weight of them made the
breasts droop towards the deck. And from the nipples leaked a white fluid to the
deck. This witness was lactating. Her huge breasts were bloated with milk!
Though the color and consistency wasn't quite right for human breast milk. From
the contorted face Susan knew that this poor bound witness was in immense pain
from her bloated breasts.

   "Ahhh! That was much, much better Fucktoy. Your cock sucking is improving.
We'll have you sucking cock like a pro in no time." Moan Al.

   "Thank you, Al, My Lord and Master for using Fuck Central for your, cum
deposit in my mealy mouth." Edna chirped.

   "Present titties."

   Edna lifted her torso up strait and thrust her cone bound breasts towards Al.
He reached forward and activated his branding cylinder. When it was ready Al
burnt yet another "R" into Edna's flesh above her left breast for the blowjob
she had jus given him.

   "Now go stand next to Gumby while I talk to mommy."

   Edna strained to get to her feet lifting her father in the process. Walking
over and standing next to the bald, toothless girl on trembling wide spread
legs.

   "Trull!" Al snapped.

   Susan's attention was riveted on Al as he barked at her.

   "What's the first thing that the race looser would have to endure?"

   Biting her lower lip Susan spoke in a loud and clear voice. "The looser of
the race would have the winners weights added to her own, Al, My Lord and
Master."

   "Well?"  Al growled.

   "Al will you please add the weig. . . Aaarrrggg!" Susan suddenly yelped as
both of her ass cheeks were slashed with two different riding crops at the same
time.

   "Al doesn't have any weights, you dumb Bitch! He wasn't even in the race! 
Try again and get it right, Bitch!" Roared Frank.

   As her ass cheeks grew hot from the whipping they were receiving Susan
redirected her quires to her daughter. "Piglet the Fucktoy will you please add
your weights to my body?  Please Piglet."

   Snickering Al said. "Go ahead Fucktoy. Go to Frank and he will cut the
weights from your hooks. Then you will tie the weight to the same hook that it
was removed from you on your mommy. Once the weight is attach to mommy you are
to drop the weight.. Shake your head if you understand me Fucktoy.

   Edna nodded her head vigorously and scurried over to Frank. Frank grabbed and
pulled the weight hanging from the fish shape lure passing through her right
nipple. Stretching the right breast until the fish line was, taunt. Frank then
cut the line close to the lure, allowing Edna's breast to spring back. After
handing Edna the weight, she then scurried over to her mother and transferred
the weight to the right fish shape lure imbedded in her mother's right nipple.
Once the line was secured Edna drop the weight.

   Susan howled as the falling weight snapped her tattered nipple towards the
deck. Edna scurried back over to Frank where the cycle repeated with the rest of
the weights.  And Edna tied them to her mother then dropped them. That is until
Edna carried the weight from her clit over to her mother. Nervously Edna glanced
at Al.

   "Gumby, halt." Roared Al

   The bald and toothless girl stopped bouncing up and down on the dildo in her
ass and waited for the torment that she knew was coming.

   Cooing Al asked. "What's the matter Fucktoy?  Mommy is hiding her clitty from
you?  Well just add the weight to Gumby's clitty. And we'll punish mommies
clitty later for hiding from us."

   Edna scurried over and tied the weight she was holding to the bald and
toothless girl's clit.

   "Start reaming Gumby" Snapped Al.

   The bald and toothless girl started bouncing up and down on the dildo in her
ass once again only this time her clit was pulled and twisted by the weight with
each stroke.

   "Trull shake them titties and see how them new weights feel!" Snapped Al.

   Susan didn't need to shake her breast to tell Al how the extra weights made
her feel. Just the added weight and the dropping already was causing, her
immense pain. But Susan knew if she didn't shake her breasts, the added pain
from the action would be minuscule compare to the punishment she would receive
for disobeying Al. So Susan shook her breasts causing all of her weights to
sway.

   "Now isn't that much better, Trull?" Giggled Al.

   Though the pain in her tattered breasts was extricating Susan answered Al.
"Yes, Al My Lord and Master. My titties feel just wonderful. Thank you, so much
for letting Fucktoy add the extra weights.

   Snickering Al said. "Your welcome, Trull. What's the next bonus for being a
looser?" Giggled Al.

   "Al, My Lord and Master, The looser will have her ass beaten as she sucks the
winners twat until it explodes."  Susan stammered as she looked over at her
daughter's bald pussy.

   "Fucktoy on your back."

   Edna leaned backwards until she fell over atop of her father who was still
strapped to her back between Al legs and spread her legs wide as she waited for
her mother.

   "Trill stop shaking your titties. Stand between Fucktoy's legs. While keeping
your knees locked, plant your face into Fucktoy's twat and start sucking."

   Susan was delighted to stopped shaking her breasts. Though the weights
pulling her flesh were still very painful it was not as nearly as painful as the
jerking of her tormented flesh by the swaying weights caused. Susan sighed
deeply as she hobbled over to stand between her daughter's wide spread legs. No
sooner then she bent over at the waist and planted her mouth over her daughter's
gapping bald pussy, both of her ass cheeks felt as if they were set on fire, as
Frank and Robert begin slashing her tattered rump. Susan frantically sucked her
daughter's pussy hopping that it wouldn't take her daughter long to climax.

   "As a special bonus for being the winner of the race I'm going to remove the
hooks from your clitty and titties. Would you like that Fucktoy?"  Ask Al in a
soothing voice.

   Edna vigorously shook her head up and down and mouthed which some came out as
an audible croaking noise. "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master, I would very much like
it if you would remove the hooks from my clitty and titties. Please, My Lord and
Master."

   "Then present your Clitty to me Fucktoy." Al stated.

   Edna grasped the hook skewering her clit and pulled it towards Al as far as
she could stretch the bloated organ. Al leaned forward and clipped the barbed
head off the hook going through her clitoris.

   The little female sex organ snapped back in to its sheath as the smooth shank
slid through Edna's clitoris.

   Al then removed the hook in her left nipple. As Al reached over to her right
nipple he saw Edna's facial expression chance from a pleasant smile to one of
shock and bewilderment.

   "Thank you daddy, for using Fuck Central for your, cum deposit in my steamy
poop-chute my best fuck tunnel." Edna chirped.

   Laughing Al Asked. "What's the mater Fucktoy?  Did daddy just give you a nice
hot and gooey enema?"

   Edna shook her head up and down as Al clipped the barb off the right nipple
hook. "Yes, My Lord and Master, Al, My daddy gave me a hot gooey enema right up
my steamy poop-chute, my best fuck tunnel."

  


CLOSE LOG ENTRY 19




   LOG Entry Number 20:

   Captain's mast!

  

   As Al slid the remainder of the hook from her right nipple Frank hissed onto
James's ear. "Well FAGGOT did you dump your sissy spunk into your daughter's
poop chute?"

   "Yes!  Yes, got damn it! That drug you bastards injected me with has worn off
and I uncontrollable ejected the pined up load of seminal fluid up my poor
daughter's rectum. I'm going to kill you bastards when I get loose, for doing
this to us, you fucking bastards.

   As Edna heard her father rage on, she felt the over engorged phallus that had
been stuffing her rectum shrivel within her, creating a very strange sensation.

   "Well, well the FAGGOT thinks he can take us on. What do you say Al? Should
we let the FAGGOT beat us up?" Robert asked as he giggled.

   "Sure Bobby. We got Quack hear to treat any wounds that the FAGGOT will
inflect on us. Isn't that right Quack?" Al stated.

   "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master, I can treat any wounds that the faggot will
cause to you and my other Lord and Masters."  The bound lactating girl stated.

   "Go ahead and release the FAGGOT!"  Boomed Al.

   As Frank and Robert loosen the bindings that held father and daughter upper
torsos together, Al begin to clip the barb off the hook imbedded in Edna's left
breast. As Robert unclasped the vice-grip from James's left pinkie, Frank
removed the hammer from James's shattered right hand. Al pulled the hook shank
from Edna's left breast. Then Al clipped the barb off the right breast hook
while Robert removed the clip holding James's right wrist and ankles together
behind his back. Frank then release the last strap holding the two torsos
together. Frank and Robert untied the leather thongs that ran from James's nuts
to Edna's ankles.

   "Stand Fucktoy!"

   As she stood her father's limp cock slid out of her ass along with globs of
jism.

   Frank grabbed Susan's hair and yanked her away from her husband. Once mother
and daughter were clear of daddy, Frank and Robert lifted him up off the deck
and threw him. James howled as he landed atop of his shattered arm on the deck
with a loud thud.

   "Face me Fucktoy! Trill, clean your daughter's poop-chute!" Snapped Al.

   Both mother and daughter complied with Al's command. Edna stood on wide
spread legs in front of Al facing him while her mother's tongue lance into her
just vacated shitter.

   Edna gasped and hopped from foot to foot as Al Started to unwind the fishing
line that held Edna's left breast in its cone shape.

   "Hold still Fucktoy, or I'll stop and put every back on."  Al stated in a
soft soothing voice.

   Edna nostrils flared like a wild, over heated horse, as she breathed heavily
through her nose and she chewed her bottom lip raw but she remain perfectly
still as Al pulled on the fishing line that was tightly wrapped around her left
breast. Edna's left breast, wobbled like a small top as Al continued to pull on
the fishing line. As the last of the windings from the fishing line were pulled
from her left breast, it plopped down to her chest. Where the fishing line had
been angry red lines circled her sore breasts. They stood out in vivid contras
with the checkerboard whipped marks that Al and Robert had lain across her
breasts.

    Al started unwinding the fishing line around Edna's right breast. As Edna's
right breast plopped free of the windings, almost simultaneity her mother stop
lancing her tongue up her ass and begun to suck her father's gooey jism out of
her ass. For the first time since Al had bound her wrist on the yacht's bridge
Edna's voluptuous and sensual young body was completely free of all bondage.

   Speaking softly Al said. "Sit down on mommy's face and watch your daddy kill
my brothers, Fucktoy."

   Edna turned and sat on her, mother's face who resumed sucking her ass. As she
watch Frank and Robert drag her father by his ankles a few feet from the stern,
Al reached over Edna's shoulders and gently massaged her sore tender breasts.

   After dropping James's feet both Frank and Robert stomped on James's lower
abdomen. James howled as the spikes of the steel balls that were imbedded in his
rectum ripped open new wounds from the double foot stopping. In unison Al's
younger brothers barked. "Come on you sissy FAGGOT, here's you chance to show
how much of a man a FAGGOT can be."

   James didn't have a chance of inflecting any damage on the Andersons. As he
rolled over and tried to stand up he found that his snapped Achilles tendons
prevented him from standing. So the best James could do was get to his knees
with one shattered arm hanging limply at his side. The spiked steel balls in his
rectum grinding and chewed at the soft lining every time he moved. Blood leeched
from his rectum from the already damage rectal tissue. The pinkie on his left
hand was busted and his chest had staples imbedded in it. So James didn't stand
a chance as the fight started.

   Frank step towards James, James, took his first and last swing at Frank,
which Frank easily dodged. Then Frank and Robert rained blows and kicks all over
James's body. They even picked him up off the deck above the heads and slammed
him to the deck several times. The last thing that Frank and Robert did to the
unconscious form of James was to drag him by the two leather thongs that were
still tied around his nuts to the hoist hook. After they tied the thongs to the
hook Frank lifted him by the nuts until only his shoulders and head were
touching the deck.

   Crying in mock pain, Robert walking up to Gloria. "Ow, ow, ow! It huts.
Quack, it hurts! Ow, ow, ow! My knuckles hurt where that FAGGOT slammed his face
into them. Quack, make them feel better."

   Gloria cooed. "Oh you poor baby let Doc. Quack make them feel better." 
Gloria kissed and licked each of Robert's knuckles. After she lick and kiss the
knuckles she cooed "Robert dear, you need to wrap your left hand in something
warm to keep the swelling down. Here use by twat box."

   Robert jammed his hand into Gloria's cunt then pinched and scratched the
delicate cuntal lining. Then he coiled his hand into a fist and started to
pistoning his fist up and down in Gloria's cunt.

   Gloria winced and tears flowed down her cheeks as she cooed. "Now there
doesn't that make your knuckles feel all better?"

   "Yes Doc. Quack it's so soothing."  Robert giggled as he continued to fist
fuck Gloria.

   "Trull kneel in front of me!" snapped Al

   Susan scooted out from underneath her daughter, rolled over and struggled to
her knees in front of Al as he continue to massage her daughter's breasts. "Yes,
Al, My Lord and Master." Susan chirped.

   "Robert here tells me that you have been a very bad little girl. He said that
you refuse to let your husband nibble on your titties. Is this so, Trull?"  Ask
Al.

   Stammering Susan said, "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, I pulled away when the
faggot nibbled on my titties. I'm sorry Al My Lord and Master. I'm very sorry
for pulling my titties away from the faggot, but they hurt so badly after Frank
whipped them. I won't do it again, I promise. Please forgive me Al My Lord and
Master."

   "Well Trull, what do you think should happen to you for being such a bad
little girl?" Al asked

   Nervously Susan replied. "Al My Lord and Master, I should be punished for
being a bad little girl."

   "That's right Trull. And sense I was not there I'll let Frank and Robert
punish you. Is that OK Trull?"

   With dread Susan responded, "Yes, Al My Lord and Master. My Lord and Master
Frank and My Lord and Master Robert should punish me for being a bad little
girl."

   Al placed his foot between Susan's breasts and shoved her backwards. Susan
fell on her back atop of her bound arms as Al seethed. "You just lay there and
wait for them to punish you."

   Robert popped his fist out of Gloria's cunt and joined Frank who was standing
next to Susan.

   "Well little brother what do you think we should with this disobedient Bitch?
First she wastes nearly a half of gallon of the yummy cocktail all over the
deck, then she denies FAGGOT there a chance to see what a whore's titty taste
like."  Inquired Frank.

   "Well Frank I think that Bitch should forfeit some of that fancy jewelry
adoring her body, for starters." Replied Robert

   "That sounds good to me. What about you Bitch are you willing to loose some
of your fancy jewelry as partial punishment for being so rude to that FAGGOT and
wasting your yummy cocktail?" Asked Frank.

   Not quit sure what the two brothers were up to, but the suggestion of loosing
some of her "jewelry" sounded great to her. Maybe they would take some of the
weights off of her or even the hope of hopes they would take out some of the
hooks, like Al did for her daughter. Susan responded with a shaky voice. "Yes
Frank I'm willing to loose some jewelry for being a bad little girl."

   Giggling Frank ask his brother "Bobby which set of jewelry should, Bitch
loose?"

   "I don't know Frank. Slut has so much jewelry it's hard to decide. Let's see
now which ones?  Hmmm!  Well Frank the fishes seems to be the prettiest how
about those?"  Asked Robert.

   Well Bitch how does that sound to you?  Do you want to give up your little
fishes?" Frank asked Susan.

   Thinking how great it would be to have the hooks taken out of her mangled
nipples. This wasn't punishment it was a heaven sent gift. "Yes Frank, I'll give
up my fishes. Take them out of my breasts, Frank. Take those fishes as
punishment for me being a bad little girl."

   Grinning at each other than at Susan the two brothers each place a foot on
Susan's chest just below her breasts and lean over. Each grabbed a fish shape
lure with one hand and placed a pair of wire cutters near the barbed of each
lure with the other hand.

   "Bitch, there's going to be pulling and pain is that Okay" Frank asked

    There going to do it there are going to remove those horrible hooks out of
my poor tattered nipples. Almost jubilantly Susan said, "That fine Frank. I can
take just a little more pain and discomfort as you remove the hooks from my
nipples."

   Laughing out loud and cackling together both Frank and Robert screamed at
Susan. "A little pain? Who the fuck said anything about a little pain? Were
talking about real pain mind-blowing, gut-wrenching, totally agonizing pain. You
stupid fucking BITCH."

   With their mini speech completed, they both yanked with all their might and
ripped the hooks that the fish shape lures were attached to right out of Susan's
nipples. Leaving the buds of the nipples in tatters.

   Susan howled as she never howled before. Her thrashing was so violent that
she dislocated both of her hip joints and she sprang both wrists before she
passed out from the excruciating pain.

   The air reverberated with cackles as all three of the Anderson brothers burst
out with side spiting laughter.

   Edna started thrashing and crying hysterically.

   Al growling at Edna, "Fucktoy!  You best stop that bucking and crying." Al
squashed and twisted Edna's nipples hard. "Or these will be the next set to be
ripped off."

   Edna stopped her thrashing but could not stop crying as Al continued to talk
to her.

   "Fucktoy, remember when I told you that Frank had a cure for your constant
snoozing?"  Asked Al

   Edna shook her head up and down.

   "Quack get over here and kneel!"  Barked Al

   Gloria waddled over and dropped to her knees in front of Al and Edna.

   "There it is Fucktoy, Just wrap your lips around one of those nipples and
start suckling and when that one is empty switch to the other. That should take
care of the problem that Bitch caused when she wean you too early."  Al pushed
Edna's head forward in to Gloria's left breast and held her there until he heard
Edna sucking on Gloria's nipple. "That's it Fucktoy drink it all down."  Al
stood up "Quack talk to Fucktoy, if she is still crying when I get back both of
you will have very painful and tattered nipples." Al growled,

   He grasped Bonnie's throat tightly and lifted her up off the dildo she had
been reaming herself with. Once the dildo popped out of her shitter Al lowered
her to the deck and released his grip. "Gumby follow me."

   Coughing, hacking and wheezing, Bonnie followed Al. They pass Frank and
Robert who were hoisting Susan up off the deck by the fishhooks running through
her pussy lips. She followed Al to the rear of the cabin structure where he
jammed the nozzle of the fire hose deeply up her gapping twat.

   "Take that to Frank." Snapped Al.

   Bonnie waddled with the nozzle painful protruding from her cunt over to Frank
who was standing next to the partially suspended forms of James and Susan.
Trailing behind her like a long tail was the yacht's fire hose. The toothless,
nineteen-year-old blushed a deep red as she heard the all three Andersons laugh
at her plight. After reaching Frank he harshly yanked the nozzle from her twat,
then pressed his foot on the line running between Bonnie's clit and the spreader
bar that was fasten around her ankles and pushed. Bonnie clamp her mouth tight
and let out a gurgling muffled whimper as she sank to her knees. Bonnie's clit
was pulled tighter and tighter as Frank pushed on the clit line.

   Once Bonnie was on her knees Frank grabbed her necklace made from teeth and
rattle them as he giggled. "Gumby, you won't bite me if I let you suck me?  Will
you?"  He then thrust his rock hard prick deep into Bonnie's toothless mouth.

   Hearing the teeth of necklace clatter against each other as Frank's ridged
cock filled her mouth, Bonnie groaned deeply. "Bite!" Oh, no there would be no
biting no biting ever again. The best she ever will able to do would to gum
anything that was place into her mouth. Bonnie closed her lips tightly around
the phallic that filled her mouth and started sucking. Bonnie shuddered as her
mind flashed back three months earlier.

   ***********

   Bonnie was in her hotel room just off Waikiki Beach. She had just checked in
from a long hot trip from Port Arthur, Texas to compete in the Miss Coppertone
Beauty Contest she had shucked her travel clothes and was viewing herself it the
hotel room full-length mirror.  She had a young girlishly face of extraordinary
loveliness which was framed by reddish-gold colored hair that fell in thick
waves to the top of her buttocks. She had dark reddish thick eyebrows. Her eyes
were a cool sparkling green; her nose was thin and straight; which ended with
just a hint of an up lifted button.  Her lips were full and rich. With out
makeup their color was like ripe strawberries. And through those succulent wet
lips, shone a set of high gloss, perfectly formed pearly white teeth. Her, chin
that was rounded and smooth helped accent her high and graceful cheekbones. Her
breasts were large melon size globes with silver dollar size aureoles that were
capped with long pointy nipples. Her hips were lean; her wide jutting pelvic
bones gave her narrow waist a waspish look to it. Her Venus Mound supported a
thick, fluffy, reddish bush of hair neatly trimmed and groomed. The mound hair
curled and thickly covered her plump outer labia with a narrow band that hid her
thin, delicate rose-colored inner labia that lead into her vagina. Two long and
perfectly sculptured legs held her up. Her taunt youthful skin was as with any
contestant in a suntan beauty contest was a deep golden copper tone. Bonnie was
jubilant in her confidence of winning the contest.  As her hands flowed over her
curvaceous form while daydreaming about winning the beauty contest she was drawn
back to reality from a soft knocking at the door and her name being called. 

   Knock; knock. "Miss Turner?" Knock, knock, knock. "Miss Turner, I have some
forms that the show producers need you to sign before the contest. Miss Turner?" 
Came a soft but masculine voice through the door.

   Bonnie Turner slipped a thick white terry cloth hotel bathrobe over her
luscious nude body. After wrapping her body with the robe and clenching the
waist belt tight, she opened the door. In front of her was a ruggedly handsome
young man who could have easily won a beauty contest himself. He was wearing the
same tan sport coat with the pageant logo that all of the contest staff members
wore.  He had an armful of brightly color folders stuffed with papers. The one
on top had the same logo that the sports coat bore it and had her name on it.

   "Excuse me Miss Turner, but the producers are having me go around to all of
the contestant before the show starts. They need signature for the new
television release forms and a few other things that are missing from their
folder. May I come in and go over yours with you? It's important and you can not
participate in the contest until everything is signed."

   "Well I was just about to take a shower, but I guess I can delay it and sign
the forms. Come on in."

   Stepping into the room the young man asked in a low soothing voice, "May I
set these on your bed?" Ask the man, as he lifted the stack of folders he held a
little higher.

   Bonnie replied. "Sure, no problem. Go ahead. Uh?"

   Smiling as he sat the armful of folders down on the bed. "Tim. Timothy Blake,
Assistance to the Executive Producer."  Actually Miss Turner it's just a fancy
name for a all around gofer."  Tim giggled as he placed her folder on the desk
between the two beds. As Bonnie sat down, Tim opened the folder and said. "This
is the TV release form and three forms need your signature where the blue dot
is. Make sure that you read and understand them before signing them, Miss
Turner."

   Bonnie started to read the TV release form. It so far appeared to be the same
form that she had all ready signed. It covered how she was giving her permission
for her image to be broadcast and use for promotional spots.  She continued to
read it thinking there must be something minor had been changed. Suddenly an
odorous white rag covered both her nose and mouth. Bonnie struggled for a few
moments then the world went dark.

   When she regained consciousness Bonnie found herself stuffed in a box that
was half her height. As the box pitch to and fro she tested the strength and
space of her confines. Realizing that the screaming, pounding and kicking were
not getting her anywhere, she stopped her pounding, and then she realized that
she was nude. She no longer had the hotel bathrobe on. As the box rocked she
heard the rumbling of an engine and the splashing of waves. After an
undetermined amount of time, Bonnie heard a loud thud then chains rattle around
her box. Then she felt the box being lifted then sat back down. Once again she
heard the chains rattle then a long period of silence.

   Bonnie blinked raptly as her dark confines were washed with bright sunlight,
as the box lid was open. When her eyes adjusted to the bright sunlight Bonnie
saw two strangers and Timothy Blake staring down at her with sinister grins
across their faces. Before she could utter a single sound Timothy Blake whom she
found out was not his name and he had nothing to do with the pageant but in fact
was Robert Anderson, dragged her from the box whereupon the three Anderson
brothers beat, tortured and raped her repeatedly.

   When Frank tried to make her suck him off for the third time Bonnie became
rebellious and decided to fight back. When Frank's cock was fully in her mouth
she started to bite down on his prick with every intention of biting it off.
However he must have anticipated her act for just as her teeth started to sink
into his cock tissue he slapped her with all of his might. Bonnie went sprawling
across the deck. Then all three of the Anderson's started to beat and kick her
until she passed out. When she came to Bonnie found her self, strap tightly down
to a table in a very cold room. Around her hanging by there wrist were a dozen
gagged, nude females, looking down at her.

   Frank leaned over her with drool seething through his teeth and snarled.
"Bitch I show you what we do to harlots that bite." He pried her mouth open and
clamped a pair of vice grips on her tongue. He then pulled her tongue out of her
mouth as far as he could then slammed, the heal of his hand against her chin.
The force of the blow was so hard that as Bonnie's mouth slammed shut she bit
off her own tongue. Bonnie let out a gurgling howl as her mouth filled with
blood from her severed tongue. Frank sat the vice grips with the part of the
tongue that was severed down on the table next to the bound teen. "See how it
feels bitch?"  Frank seethed. Picking up the same instrument that dentist used
to keep a mouth open when he works, Frank braced Bonnie's mouth wide open with
it. Frank then picked up a soldering iron with a broad tip that was glowing,
red-hot. Frank inserted the red-hot iron into Bonnie's brace open mouth and ran
it across her bleeding tongue, cauterizing the bleeding stump. Bonnie howled,
and howled from both the severing of her tongue and the burning sensation from
the cauterization. Frank left the howling teen to her misery and joined his
brothers who were playing with his niece.

   After several hours Frank returned to the room that held the sobbing teen and
the suspended females. Frank picked up off the table a pair of dental tooth
extractors. "Now BITCH to make sure that you never try to bite me again I'm
going to remove these pearly whites."  Frank reached in to Bonnie's mouth with
the tooth extractor and began pulling her teeth. By time the eighth tooth was
pulled from her mouth Bonnie passed out cold. When she regained conciseness
Bonnie was sucking on some thing that was in her mouth. When the teen realized
that it was the severed portion of her tongue, Bonnie spit it out in horror.
Bonnie's severed tongue landed with a wet plop in the valley between her
breasts. Bonnie remained tightly bound to the table, blubbering hysterically her
bleeding mouth filled with immense agonizing pain.

   When Frank returned he was caring a small jar that was filled with her teeth.
Each tooth had a small hole drilled into it. In Frank's other hand he held a
thin wire that was threaded through a needle. He let loose a belly-rolling laugh
as he saw where Bonnie's sever tongue had landed

   "Like the taste of your titties do you?" Frank mused as he picked up the
tongue.

   Straddling Bonnie Frank slipped his cocked in Bonnie's mouth and ordered her
to suck. Though it was extremely painful to do so Bonnie started sucking on
Franks cock. As Bonnie sucked Frank strung her teeth onto the wire. When half of
the teeth from the jar were hanging from the wire Frank threaded the severed
tongue onto the wire then added the remaining teeth. After Frank shot his wad of
jism into Bonnie's mouth Frank climb off of her and secured the tooth necklace
around Bonnie's neck, then place the sever tongue in her mouth and told her to
suck on it until he told her to stop. From that point on Bonnie did whatever she
was told to do with one exception.

   About one month after the tongue was severed it had become so rotten it would
not stay on the wire. Al had ordered her to swallow it and when Bonnie refused
too, Al started to clip her nose with wire cutters until she change her mind and
swallowed the rotting severed tongue. After swallowing her tongue Al sliced her
ear lobes off and feed them to her also.

   **********

   Bonnie's mind drifted back from her past and take root in the present. Bite? 
No!  Bonnie would never bite again. She knelt on the deck sucking on Frank's
cock flicking her scared tongue stump across the piss slit.

   Once he felt Bonnie's lips close tightly around his shaft and applied suction
to it, he hollered over his shoulder to his eldest brother. "Let her rip!" A
high-pressure stream of seawater shot from the nozzle that Frank was holding,
slamming into James and Susan's dangling forms.

   With Frank spraying the two elder Garner with a steady stream of seawater he
was having his male member service by Bonnie as Al was rummaging through the
cleaning locker. Back at the stern the youngest Garner was suckling on Gloria's
left breast as Gloria spoke softly to the crying teen.

   "Honey you need to stop crying. Al wasn't kidding about tearing our nipples
up like your mother's. So please stop crying, Okay. My name is Gloria, what's
yours sweetheart?" 

   The fluid that Edna was sucking from the nipple that was in her mouth, though
warm it was refreshing. It had a sweet, rich creamy flavor, which coated her
parched throat and vocal cords. Edna glanced upwards with her eye examine the
women who's breast she had been suckling. Nervously Edna stopped suckling on
Gloria's nipple and assumed her position. With a cracking voice that was barely
audible Edna chirped. "Hello my name is Fucktoy. I am a fucking station with
three, fuck tunnels ready for use. Please use anyone of my fuck tunnels..."

   Gloria watched and listened to the battered teen's speech. She knew from the
conversations that Frank and Robert held while waiting for Beth to finish her
morning run yesterday morning, that this wretched teen before her offering
herself for sexual usage was the virgin that the two brothers had been talking
about. Quickly glancing over her shoulder to determine the where about of their
tormentors. Satisfied with their locations Gloria continued to talk to the young
teen. "Thank you for the offer Fucktoy, but you must continue sucking my breast.

   Edna broke out of her pose, dropped to her knees, latched on to Gloria's left
nipple and started vigorously sucking it. 

   "I know that "Fucktoy" is what Al, Frank and Robert calls you, but what is
your real name?"

   From around her breast Gloria heard the teen gruff, voice. "It's Edna,
Mistress Quack."

   "That's a lovely name. Edna the rest of us girls use our real names whenever
we can. So I'll use yours and you can use mine, its Gloria. All right Edna?"

   "Yes Mistress Gloria." Edna chirped then resumed her suckling of the mammoth
left breast.

   "Edna, I'm not your mistress. I'm in the same position as you are in, as are
all of the females on board are. I see that they did a number on your voice so
I'll try to answer some of the most common questions that are ask by new
arrivals and some general warnings, while you continue to drink from my breasts.

   First and foremost do what they want I'm sure you've already discovered they
can become extremely brutal if you get them angry. Take Bonnie there, the one
the Andersons call Gumby. Frank yanked out every one of her teeth and made a
necklace out of them, when she tried to bite him.

   I'm not sure what your mother did; but you've seen what they did to her
nipples. So do what they tell you to do. In the long run it will be less
painful. Though we try to use our real names whenever possible you must always
use our captive name whenever the Andersons are around or you think they can
hear or see you. I'll try to show you where the video cameras and microphones
are located. Right now as far as I know there are eight females and two males.
Though I haven't seen Timothy for quite some time now and I fear that he is
dead. Then theirs Al's wife who is always keep in a tank." Gloria decided that
she would wait and tell Edna later just what squalor Linda lived out her life in
that tank.

   Then there is Elizabeth. Al's fourteen-year-old daughter she is a sexual
slave like the rest of us. However she is our overseer, obey her commands to the
letter when she gives them. She is the only one who is allowed to move around
with out being escorted by Al, Frank or Robert. Sometimes she will do the
escorting and some of the torturing though it's plainly visible that she is
being force to into the torturing. She is also the only one that feeds us.
Though all of us are older then Elizabeth we all have to talk to her as if we
were babies talking to their mother. Address Elizabeth as, My Most Wise and
Wonderful Mistress. Though Elizabeth is being sexual abuse by her father and
uncles don't try to get her to turn against them. The last three who tired were
horrible tortured to death. The last one Vicky was hung up side down and Frank
literally skinned her alive. He still has the cured skin tacked to his cabin's
bulkhead. We are made to kiss and lick it whenever were taken to his cabin.

   Edna, you need to switch nipples."  Gloria waited until Edna started suckling
her right nipple before continuing. That makes twelve of us, fifteen counting
your family. Were always kept in some form of bondage and were tortured and
sexually abused often. We are assigned tasks to perform, everything from
scrubbing the bulges to being a milk dispenser. That's the task I am now
performing. Also when the Andersons take a boat, like yours were are put to work
striping it down for parts that the Andersons sell. How well you did either in
the sexual department or job assignment will determine how badly you are
punished.

   Generally our captive name reflects our primary job. Such as mine is 'Quack'
I use to be an Emergency Medicine Physician, now I'm the ships doctor. And
Mary's captive name is Helm, she's steers the Scorpion. Then some of us are
named because of a physical destination, like Bonnie ever sense her teeth were
pulled out she has been called Gumby. 

   Whenever you are offered any thing to eat, eat it. Though we are feed it is
at very irregular times and only sixteen ounces of terrible tasting gruel per
feeding. This goats milk you are drinking might be the last chance that you'll
get to have a full stomach. So drink all that you can. You need to be ver. . ."

   Quack, Fucktoy!  Get over here pronto!"  Snapped Al.

  

  

   

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 20




   log Entry Number 21:

   Fucktoy gets new jewelry 

  

   The two girls rose to there feet. Edna because she was totally unfettered she
got to her feet first and started to help Gloria, but she stop cold when Gloria
panicky barked

   "NO!  Edna never asset any of us with out express permission from Al, Frank
or Robert or any one they direct. Both you and the one you aided will be
severely punished. So never ever help one of us to achieve a set goal."  Gloria
cautioned the teen as she got to her feet. "Edna get going don't wait for me the
way I'm trust up it will take me some time to waddle over to where Al wants us.
If you wait for me you'll be punish for dilly-dallying around. So please get
moving."

   Edna scurried over to Al he was standing next to the washtub that her mother
had been hanging over. She watched her father and mother spin and twirl at the
end of the hoist hook as Frank sprayed them with seawater. Bonnie was on her
knees sucking Frank's cock like her life depended upon it, which it most likely
was. Edna bent over at the waist, spread her legs wide, clasp her hands behind
her back as high as she could, and crank her head back. She swayed and jiggled
her breasts while grating her hips. "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master." Then she
jacked her mouth wide open.

   "Did you suckle enough to fill that tummy of yours?"  Asked Al.

   "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master, my tummy is full with My Lord and Master, Frank
cure for my constant snoozing."

   "Good Fucktoy, that should keep you awake for a long while. Here hold, these
and you best not drop them." Al jammed a stiff bristle deck scrub brush deep
into Edna's twat followed by a long tapered neck bottle of disinfectant cleaner
shoved up her poop-chute.

   Edna winced as Al shove things into her holes. The most painful was the scrub
brush bristles that dug into the tender lining of her vagina, every time she
moved.

   Now I want you to dump the washtub contents over your FAGGOT daddy and whore
of a mommy, Frank and Bobby will aid you.

   Edna had to squeeze her cunt and ass muscles to prevent the items that were
shoved up them in place as she waited for Frank and Robert.

   "Stand Gumby!" Frank barked

   Bonnie was still sucking on Frank's cock though he has ejaculated some time
ago. She continue to suck on the flaccid cock that that was in her mouth if for
no other reason then she had not been given permission to stop sucking. Bonnie
even continued to suck on Frank's cock as she got off her knees and on to her
feet.

   Bonnie stood on wide spread feet, with her hands secured behind her back,
bent over at the waist and sucking on Frank's limp cock. Frank closed the fire
hose nozzle, cutting off the flow of high-pressure seawater that had been
pounding James and Susan. He jammed the nozzle back into Bonnie's cunt. Frank
stepped back to the wash tub and help his younger brother carry it to and hold
it over to the two soaking wet forms that were partially hanging from the hoist
hook, all the while Bonnie keep her lips wrapped around Frank's cock as she
sucked on it.

   While Frank and Robert held the washtub over strung up captives Edna, tipped
the washtub until the piss and shit solution cascaded over her parents. As the
vile liquid flowed down her parents bodies Edna heard Al growling.

   "Where the fuck have you been you lazy fucking whore?" Smack, smack, smack,
smack! "You think I have all day to wait around for your lazy fucking ass?"
Smack, smack, smack, smack!

   Gloria fell to her knees from the powerful blows across her face by Al's
backhand. "I'm sorry Al, My Lord and Master for making you wait for so long. I'm
just a lazy worthless fucking whore." Gloria stammered as she groveled at Al's
feet.

    "Fucktoy!  Clean the wash tub with the brush and disinfectant."

   Edna turned away from her parents, as Frank and Robert tossed the washtub
onto the deck in front of her. Edna pulled the cleaning items from her twat and
poop-chute and dropped to her knees next to the tub. As Edna started to clean
the shit, piss and bile from the washtub, she heard Al's continuing his despotic
treatment of Gloria's servile kneeling form.

   Whack, whack, whack, whack!  For being so lazy you've earned two hours on the
exercise cycle before your rest period." Roared Al. Whack, whack, whack, whack! 

   "Thank you, Al, My Lord and Master as a lazy and worthless whore, I need the
benefits that being place on the exercise cycle for two hours will do for me." 
Gloria gasped as Al continued to strike her face with the back of his hand.
Whack, whack, whack, whack! 

   "Fucktoy, yank that nozzle out of Gumby's nasty twat, rinse out then fill the
tub!"

   Edna scrambled on her knees over to Bonnie who was still standing bent over
sucking on Frank's cock. Edna grasped the fire hose nozzle that Frank had shoved
up Bonnie's cunt. Keeping her lips wrapped around Frank's cock as she sucked on
it, Bonnie let out a pitiful muffled wail as Edna yanked the nozzle from her
cunt. Edna scrambled back to the tub and began to rinse it out.

   Whack, whack, whack, whack!  "Full rigging!"

   "Yes Al, My Lord and Master, I am to be in full rigging for the time on the
exercise cycle."  Sobbed Gloria.

   After she finished rinsing the tub out Edna begin to fill the tub with the
fire hose.

   "Fucktoy, pour half the cleaner into the tub as you fill it."  Whack, whack,
whack, whack!  "Quack, explain to Fucktoy, step by step how the exercise cycle
works, while I go get some things." Snapped Al.

   Gloria spoke in a clear voice with a tone of mock ecstasy in it to Edna.
"Fucktoy, the exercise cycle is a marvelous device that was design and built by
our Lord and Master, Robert.

   It's a standard one-wheel exercise cycle with a pair of steel wrist cuffs
fixed to the handlebars. The pedals are a set of heavy steel restraint boots.
There is a durable, heavy leather waist clincher affixed to the seat back to
prevent the exerciser from falling off the seat. There are two holes along the
centerline of the seat. There are three plastic coated steel wires that are
secured to a set of levers and gears on the frame of the cycle that are driven
by the pedal gear. Each wire is capped with an alligator clip on the long end
and a plug at the short end. The three short ends are plugged into a voltage
control box. The voltage control box, as two more wires running into it, one is
from the Scorpion's main power and the other to a bike wheel generator.

   There is a second set of levers and gears, which are also driven by the pedal
gear. Attach to this second set of levers and gears are two huge rubber dildos
jutting through the holes in the seat. The dildos have hollow centers and tubes
running from their base to a hot air blower. On the back of the cycle seat is a
long curved loop that is narrow enough to prevent the rider from falling
backwards, with two sets of leather binding straps. Behind the cycle cradle in
its own support brackets, is a wheel that is driven by a chain from the pedal
gear. Attached to the wheel are five leather strops and five plush lamb's wool
pads, which are alternate place along the wheel outer circumference.

   All of these improvements that our Lord and Master Robert made to the
exercise cycle truly makes it a marvelous peace of equipment to make sure that
we whores do not become to flabby on the long luxurious cruises we take with out
kind benefactors. They only ask us for some light entertainment and easy jobs
which takes up very little of out time. The rest of the time we travel about the
blue Pacific Ocean in complete luxury for our own pleasure and recreation.

   Shutting off the stream of water, Edna shuddered to her core and became more
and more horrified as Gloria described the ghastly exercise cycle in detail.

   "Fucktoy, any of us that is feeling a little flabby can use the exercise
cycle at any time, even you can ask to use it. All you need to do is set the
cycle in the cen..."

   "Put that nozzle back where you found it Piglet."  Bellowed Frank.

   Edna scrambled back over to Bonnie and shoved the fire hose nozzle deeply
back into Bonnie's cunt and returned back to the tub, as Gloria continue to
spiel forth her harangue recitation of the exercise cycle.

   "All you need to do Fucktoy, is set the cycle in the center of Helen's Toybox
and plug it into power supply of the Scorpion. Then ask for some assistance from
one of our kind benefactors. Then to work off some of your flabbiness, you will
sit astride the cycle. The seat will sink a little as your weight compress the
springs of the seat, which allows the dildos to penetrate about an inch into
your nasty twat and steamy poop chute. Our kind benefactor will then secure your
wrists, feet and waist tightly into their appropriate restraints. Also the two
chest straps are tightened one just below the breasts and one just above the
breasts. These two straps will make sure that you'll maintain the proper posture
on the cycle as you exercise. Then our kind benefactor will turn on the hot air
blower. The hot air blowing out of the dildos into your nasty twat and poop
chute will aid keeping your nasty twat and steamy poop chute dry from any messy
fluids that might start leaking.

   Oh! Fucktoy, this is one of the most pleasurable parts of the cycle's set up.
Our kind benefactor will suck and lick your nipples until they are rock hard.
Once your nipples are hard our kind benefactor will pick up two of the alligator
clip, capped with wires. Then our kind benefactor will then pinch open each of
the alligator clips, place one clip around each of your hard nipples and let the
alligator clip snap onto them.

   As the sharp pointy teeth dig into your hard nipples you feel like you were
just sent to heaven. Boy-O-Boy, Fucktoy that is nearly the most enjoyable
sensation that you can experience even if you don't exercise you need to beg one
of our kind benefactors to snap a pair of alligator clips to your nipples. That
way you can totally enjoy the pure pleasure of it.

   OOPS! I'm sorry Fucktoy; I get all dreamy whenever I think about having my
nipple clamp tightly between those sharp pointy teeth of the alligator clips.
Once the alligator clips are chewing into your nipples the wires are adjusted so
that they stretch your breasts taunt.

   Now Fucktoy, for the best part of the set up it's even more enjoyable then
having your titty nippers clamp with alligator clips. Fucktoy, you really got to
beg our kind benefactors extra hard or they might deny you this pleasure. Our
kind benefactor will tease your clitty out of it's hiding place then snap the
last pointy steel tooth alligator clip right on the head of your clit.

   Fucktoy doesn't just make your mouth water with anticipation. I tell you
Fucktoy, it make my nasty twat cream all over the place. That's why I am so
grateful to our kind benefactor Robert, My Lord and Master. The way he fixed up
the hot air blower to dry out that sticky stuff. As with the nipple clips the
slack is taken out of the clit wire until clitty is also stretched taunt."

   As the image of the diabolical exercise cycle formed in her young mind Edna
became paler and paler. It took every ounce of will power to fight the urge to
grasps her nipples and clit as Gloria described the placement of the alligator
clips. Edna knew that what Gloria said about enjoying the bite of the sharp
tooth clips was just nonsensical spiel, which the three Anderson brothers forced
Gloria to learn and recite like a parrot. Just like her; "What / Who Am I"
speech. Edna knew that those infernal alligator clips would cause hellish pain
to any girl's nipples and clitoris. Not fanciful spiel of joy and pleasure that
Gloria spewed forth. Edna also knew that when the time came she would grovel and
beg to have her nipples and clit clipped with sharp steel tooth alligator clips.
She would also tell all that would care to listen, how much she loved to have
her nipples and clit painfully clip. Or any other painful, horrific,
humiliating, or debasing act required of her. Yes! Just like every other victim
at the hands of the sadistic Anderson brothers, Edna would perform any
outlandish thing command of her and lie about how much she enjoys the abuse for
her Lords and Masters enjoyment.

   "Fucktoy, once you are all set up the exercise session can begin. To loose
some of your accumulated flabbiness you will start peddling. Your peddling
action will cause the dildos to piston up and down in your nasty twat and poop
faster then anything you have ever experience before. Your peddling will also
cause the wheel behind the cycle to spin. As the wheel spins a leather strop
will strike your back follow by a soft stroke of the lamb's wool on same spot
that was just hit by the leather strop. Then your back is delivered another blow
from the next strop, then a gentle stroke from the next lamb's wool pad. A harsh
whack across your back followed by a soothing stroke. The pattern repeats itself
as the wheel continues to spin.

   Your peddling action causes the gears and levers that the three wires capped
with the alligator clips to rock back and forth. Over and over in a continuous
cycle from the resulting peddling causes your nipples and clit first to be
stretch even further than they already are then slacken. Once you reach the
speed of fifteen mile per hour on a simulated twenty-degree hill slope, our kind
benefactor will turn the power on to the voltage control box.

   Now Fucktoy, this is where the real fun begins. As long as you keep peddling
the cycle at fifteen miles per hour the little wheel generator provides enough
power to keep the voltage control box circuit open. If you do not keep that
speed the wheel generator doesn't provide the current needed to keep the circuit
open. When the voltage control box circuit closes one hundred and twenty volts
of electricity slams into the your body through your nipples and clit. The last
thing that our kind benefactor performs is to set the automatic cutoff timer to
the desire time.

   Now you have a choice of having your boobies and clitty yanked and stretched
the nasty twat and steamy poop chute reamed by massive dildos and blow dried by
hot air, as your back is whipped then smoothly rubbed. Or have one hundred and
twenty volts of electricity burn through your body. It's a very simple chose
Fucktoy. Knowing how flabby we can get on these luxury cruises we all prefer to
work off the flabbiness and receive all of the fabulous and exquisite stimulus
that the attachments that our Lord and Master Frank so thoughtfully provided for
us instead of recharging our whorish bodies with energy. Fucktoy, you will
simply love the exercise cycle though you may have a hard time reserving it for
your usage considering how much in demand the exercise cycle is in."

   Edna groaned mournfully and her body shook violently at the thought of her
breast and clitoris being obscenely stretched. Having her cunt and asshole being
savagely pistoned by artificial cocks until they were rubbed raw. While hot air,
dried any possibility of lubrication. And having her back flogged. Edna didn't
think that she could manage a few minuets much less the two hours that Gloria
had been condemned to. But then how could she live through the electricity
surging through her body.

   Once in the eighth grade one of her friends handed her a book that was titled
"The Shocking Truth, About JFK and Marilyn Monroe". With her curiosity peeked
Edna opened the book and received a mild shock from a nine-volt battery. That
low voltage raced through her body making every nerve in her body scream from
the jolt. As she scream, (more from astonishment then real pain.) Edna dropped
the book and ran home crying hysterically. Edna was so frighten and furiously
angry from that incident that she never spoke to, or associated with her friend
again.

   That shock; was from a joke book powered by a merely nine volt battery. This
exercise cycle would send one hundred and twenty volts of electricity through
her breasts and clit. Siding with Gloria's. lampoonist euphoria decision she
knew that she too would pedal the exercise cycle at the required speed and
receive the torturous punishment to her back, breasts, asshole, pussy and
clitoris instead of being electrocuted.

   "I'm back."  Giggled Al as he set the dreaded footlocker full of torture
devices between Gloria and Edna. Al opened the footlocker, reached into it and
removed a small zip-lock bag from the footlocker. After Al closed the lid he sat
on top of the footlocker, clutching the small zip-lock bag in his burly hand.

   "Fucktoy did you enjoy what Quack told you?' Al asked with a throaty chuckle.

   Edna looked at Al as he sat atop of the footlocker. Grinning like a demonic
demon, with his is rock hard massive prick bobbing between his hairy spread
legs. The two huge testes hung low in their sack. Croaking meekly Edna replied.
"Yes, al, My Lord and Master, I found Quack's description of the exercise cycle
very exciting."

   Still chuckling Al asked. "And which part excited you the most, Fucktoy?"

   Edna cried and though to herself, "Dear God help me!  Please help me!"  Then
out loud stammering as she croaked, "The alligator clips, Al My Lord and
Master."

   "What is it about the alligator clips that excites you so much, Fucktoy?" Al
asked quizzically as he continued to chuckle.

   Nearly sobbing openly Edna croaked. "The way that Quack described the sharp
pointy teeth nibbling into the tender flesh of nipples and clit, made my mouth
water and my twat cream Al, My Lord and Master."

    "They do!  Well, well now just look at what I found!"  Giggled Al.

   Edna groaned silently as tears streamed down her youthful face, she watched
Al as he reached into the zip-lock bag.  From the small plastic bag Al pulled
two shinny alligator clips between his fingers.  A short length of jewelry chain
ran between the two alligator clips, connecting them together. As Al continue to
pull the alligator clips out of the zip-lock bag, a longer jewelry chain that
was attached to the center link of the short jewelry chain. As the long chain
clear the plastic bag, Edna saw that another alligator clip dangled from the end
of the long chain.  Edna watched the zip-lock bag flutter to the deck as Al held
the alligator clips that were connected by the short chain by the forefinger and
thumb of each hand. Al separated the clips in his hands causing the three
alligator clips to from a "Y".

   Al then flicked both wrests making the alligator clips and chains to dance
around, as he barked a single word. "WELL!"

   As the streams of tears rolled off her face to the deck below, Edna croaked
with the sexist voice her damage vocal cords could muster. "Ohhhhhh! Yummy
alligator clips! My pussy is just slopping wet from just looking at them!
Please, Al, My Lord and Master will you snap those sharp pointy, yummy alligator
clips on my perk little nipples. Please, Al, My Lord and Master!  Please!"

   As the harsh laughter from Al resonating from deep down of Al's gut he
sweetly spoke to Edna. "Well Fucktoy if you slither over here on your tummy and
boobies I may just fill that request of yours."

   Edna plopped down on her breasts and slithered over to Al like a snake on a
hot sun baked asphalt road. She stopped between Al's spread legs. Cranking her
head back Edna looked pass Al's rock hard prick jutting from his groin, like the
Greek god Priapus. Atop his bulbous cock head danced a shinny sharp tooth
alligator clip dangling from a fine jewelry chain. Edna's eyes traveled up the
twirling chain and gazed into Al's demonically grinning face. As tears streamed
from her eyes and splashed down onto the deck Edna beg Al with a sexy, raspy,
sobbing voice. "Please, Al, My Lord and Master!  Please snap those yummy
alligator clips on my perk nipples!  Please, Al My Lord and Master! Pretty
please."  

   "Well aright just sit right here and I'll oblige you." Snickered Al as
waggled his blood engorged cock back and forth.

   Edna quickly stood up, straddled Al's legs and sat on his lap. Before Edna
body weight was resting fully on Al's lap, Al backhanded Edna across her face
with enough force that Edna flew off Al's lap and crashed to the deck five feet
away. As Edna cowered on the deck Al roared at her.

   "Fucktoy!  Were you supposed to sit on my lap like a good little girl?"

   Edna's entire body shook from fear as she sobbed. "No, Al My Lord and Master,
I was not to sit on your lap like a good little girl."

   Al waggled his massive cock as he continued to bark at Edna. "Fucktoy! 
Where; should a sluttish sex crazed nymphet such as yourself, should have sat?"

   Through tear streaked bloated eyes Edna watched Al's cock rock to and fro, as
she sobbed. "A sluttish, sex crazed nymphet like myself should sit on your cock,
Al My Lord and Master."

   "Well then Fucktoy, sashay over here and plant this, up your poop-chute!"
Growled Al as he continued to waggle his cock."

   Edna scrambled on shaking legs to her feet. Imitating the prostitutes that
she had seen in movies, Edna shook, rotated and pranced herself as lewdly as she
could back over to Al. When she straddled Al legs this time Edna wiggled and
rotated her ass around until she felt Al's bulbous cock head poke her star shape
entrance of her anal canal.

   Her face contorted with pain and gasped as she slowly lowered herself down,
allowing the mushroom head pop into her rectum. Though Edna had had Al's massive
cock up her rear several times already. Along with his two brothers cocks that
reamed her ass and her own father's artificially inflated cock that filled her
rectum as she dragged and carried him around for hours, Al's cock still felt as
if it was ripping her in two. With tears streaming down her contorting face she
gasped and groan pitifully as inch after inch of Al's massive cock invaded her
distorted rectum. After Edna had about six inches of Al's cock in her, she felt
Al's burly hands upon her shoulders as her roared at her.

   "Fucktoy, I said SIT!"

   Edna let out a hoarse gurgling cry as Al shoved her downward. The remainder
of Al's thirteen-inch long, beer can thick cock speared deep into her guts.

   Al tweaked Edna's left nipple as he cooed. "Fucktoy, why are you sitting up
here all prim and proper for?"

   In a weak hoarse, whimper Edna replied. "Al, My Lord and Master, I'm sitting
on your wonderful cock all prim and proper waiting for you to attached those
lovely alligator clips to my perky little nipples."

   "Well then Fucktoy, without further ado I present you with your very own set
of titty nibblers."  Al passionately murmured to Edna as he snapped one of the
alligator clips onto Edna's left nipple.

   Edna trembled and howled hoarsely as the sharp, pointy steel teeth of the
alligator clip bit into the soft tissue of her nipple. Before Edna could gasp
another breath to continue her howling Al snapped the right nipple with another
clip. The short chain that separated the two alligator clips was so short that
Edna's nipples were pulled so that they faced each other. Edna started to reach
for the clips that were savagely crushing her nipples.

   "Fucktoy, touch them alligator clips and I'll replace the fishhooks back in
your boobs and twat, then I'll hang weights from the fishhooks until the
fishhooks are rip out of your flesh!"  Snarled Al.

   Edna clinched her dainty little hands into fist as droplets of blood seeped
from her nipples where the alligator clips sharp steel teeth bit into her
nipples. Her entire body shook from the pain and all of her muscles quivered as
she fought to control the urge to remove the clips from her nipples. Even her
anal muscles quivered around the fuck rod that was impaling her rear.

   Al sigh deeply with pleasure as Edna give Al's prick an erotic massage, with
her quivering anal muscles. Al reached down and grabbed Edna's long shapely legs
just below the knees and pulled them up until Edna's knees were pressed into her
breasts. "Wrap your arms around your legs and hold them in that possession."

   Even though the pain in Edna's nipples increased dramatically as her thighs
caused the alligator clips that were snapped onto her nipples to be shoved into
her breasts, Edna wrapped her arms around her thighs and held the thighs tightly
against her breasts. Edna teetered slightly as she held herself in a jackknife
position as Al's massive prick horridly distorted her rectum. Edna gasped and
winced as Al burly hands tightly clasped her hips and spun her one hundred and
eighty degrees so that she was facing away from Al's muscular torso.

   Al then barked. "Release your legs, clasp your hands behind your back, sit
straight, waggle your boobies and bounce"

   As Edna complied with Al's command, her breasts begin to sway and bounce
while she rode his massive cock.

   Whispering sweetly into her ear, Al asked. "Happy now, Fucktoy?"

   As Edna continue her travailing ride atop of Al's phallus, in mock jubilance
she answered Al's question.  "Oh yes, Al My Lord and Master!  I love this fine
set of titty nibbler jewelry that you have given me. I love the way they glimmer
as they bounce and twirl on the ends of my nipples. Thank you very much for
them, Al, My Lord and Master. I love them so much that they make my fuck tunnel
cream up a storm. Thank you so very much for allowing me to wear the titty
nibblers on my nipples, Al. My Lord and Master."

   As Edna continued to bounce her ass on Al's massive cock she watch Robert
walk over to her father. Even in his unconscious state Edna could see her father
was in immense amount of pain from being hung from the yacht's skiff hoist by
his testicles. Robert knelt down next to her father and plunged another syringe
and injected more of the milky fluid into her father's groin. Almost immediately
the injected drug started its cruel job. Before Edna's eyes she watched her
father's limp phallus start to stiffen. Her father's phallus continue to stiffen
as Edna shifted her gaze back to Robert who was laying out the straps that had
previously wielded her farther to her rump and back.

   Robert saw Edna watching him and started laughing. Jovially barked at Edna.
"Just getting this FAGGOT ready for you, Piglet."

   While she continue hump on Al's prick Edna sobbed heavily as Robert finished
with the straps then rolled her father on to his face. Then Robert locked her
father's left arm and ankles together behind her father's back with manacles.
Edna watched in horror as Robert picked up her father's shattered right arm and
looped it into a loose knot.

   Robert dropped James's arm and walked over to Edna, grabbing the alligator
clip that was dancing from the end of the long jewelry chain. Edna fought to
remain sitting up straight on Al's cock, as Robert pulled on the chain forcing
her breasts to stretch. Chuckling as he spoke to Edna. "That FAGGOT father of
yours is all ready for you, Piglet."

   "Thank you for getting that faggot ready for me, Robert, My Lord and Master." 
Edna sobbed as she continued to bounce on Al's cock while rocking her breasts
back and forth as Robert held her breasts taunt.

   Robert shook the jewelry chain in the opposite direction that Edna shook her
breasts while he asked in a jovial tone. "What are these, Piglet."

   "Robert, My Lord and Master they are a fine set of lovely titty nibblers
jewelry that I begged My Lord and Master, Al to give me to wear on my nipples."

   "Do they do anything for you, Piglet?"  Chuckled Robert.

   Woefully Edna replied "Yes Robert, My Lord and Master. The titty nibblers,
makes my nasty twat cream."

   With a totally mock astonishment Robert gasped. "They do! Let me see!" 
Robert curled his fingers onto a cone and jammed all four of his fingers and
thumb at the entrance of Edna's cuntal opening. Robert rammed his hand, which
was about the size of a three-pound, teardrop, canned ham deep into her pussy.
Wiggling his fingers around inside her Robert giggled gleefully. "They sure do! 
This fuck box is all sopping wet."

   With Al' massive cock impaling her shitter and Robert's hand thrust deep in
her cunt, Edna shuddered violently and let out a gurgling hoarse howl of pure
agony as powerful fingers scratched and jabbed her delicate cuntal tissue as
Robert toured the insides of her vagina.

   Though Edna continue to howl at the top of her lungs the decibel of her
howling drop to near zero as her damage vocal cords gave way.

   Once again only muted gurgling noises escape from Edna's mouth. Edna
convulsed with mind-blowing pain as she felt Robert exploring all the ligaments,
tendons, interior muscles, nervous plexus, reproductive organs and bony areas
deep within her.

   Robert clamped the base of the teen's internal urethra duct between the nails
of his thumb and index finger. "Piglet I'm going to give you something to remind
you of your first twat fisting," Robert cooed.

   Al and his brothers burst out laughing as Edna went ridged when Robert ran
his tightly pinched fingernails along the entire length of the thin rope like,
greasy piss duct. "There you go Piglet, now every time you tinkle you'll
remember this fun activity."

   "My fuck rod is getting bored, Fucktoy," Al cooed into Edna's ear.

   The anguishing teen restarted her bouncing on Al's massive cock, as Robert
continued his painful and humiliating probing of Edna's vagina. As Robert's
debasing examination found the thin membrane that separated Edna's vagina canal
from her anal canal, Robert started to press, scratch and pinch the thin
membrane. With astonishment in his voice in his giggling voice Robert asked
Edna, "What's is that thing that's moving behind this wall, Piglet?" Robert
giggled as he pinched the thin membrane viciously. Squirming from the pain that
Robert's pinching was causing her, Edna turned beet red from the shameful
defiling question of Robert's, as she answered. "My Lord and Master, Robert,
What you feel sliding up and down my poop-chute is the cock of My Lord and
Master, Al as I bounce on it."

   "Piglet, are you enjoying the ride on my big brother's dong as it slides up
and down your poop-chute?" Robert asked as he raked his nails across the thin
membrane.

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, Robert I am loving, this ride on this lovely cock
of My Lord and Master, Al."  Edna answered in her sexiest cracked voice.

   Robert yanked his hand from Edna's cunt and held it in front of her face.
"That's good to hear Piglet. Just keep entertaining Al's monstrous hunk of meat
and he'll give you a nice gooey gift for your poop-chute. Piglet, while you wait
for Al's gift here's a goodie for you to lick and suck." Guffaw Robert; which
soon turned into a round of cachinnates that was joined by the other brothers.

   While the gruff male cackling went on around her Edna licked and sucked on
the fingers that had been in her cunt. She was treated with the combine flavors
of male jism, her own cuntal juices, urine and shit. Though the combine flavors
were extremely distasteful and repulsive Edna slurped and lapped it up like it
was candy. As she cleaned Robert's fingers off, Al shot his load of spunk into
her ass.

   "There's your poop-chute gift, Fucktoy."  Al barked as he stood up.

   Edna slid off of Al's still ridged cock, dropping to her knees upon the deck.
She would have collapsed completely to the deck, if Robert had not still retain
his grip on the alligator clip chain set that was attached to her nipples.

   Edna scrambled to her feet then her toes gasping and weeping as Robert pulled
her breasts higher and higher. As Edna stood trembling on her toes the three
brothers drooled over her pulchritude teen form. "Well, Piglet!! What do you
have to say to me and my brother?"

   Though it was soundless the muted teen mouthed "Thank you, My Lord and
Master, Al, for using Fuck Central for your, cum deposit in my steamy poop
chute. My best fuck tunnel." Then she mouthed, "Thank you, My Lord and Master,
Robert for using Fuck Central for your... for giving me a fisting in my in my
nasty twat and allowing me to lick your hand clean with my mealy mouth."

   "Edna remained on her toes as Robert released his grip on the chain allowing
Edna's breasts to rest on her chest with the nipples nearly touching each other
as the alligator clips retain there bite on them. She shuddered as Robert
branded an "R" into her abdomen on her right side while Al seared an "A" into
her left buttock.

   "Fucktoy! Sashay over to the tub and lay down in it." Al barked.
Rotating her hips lewdly, Edna waddled over to the washtub and stepped into it.
Every nerve in her whipped and bruised body screamed, as Edna sank into
disinfectant water. She wanted to jump out of the water but instead she meekly
obeyed Al's orders. Sobbing heavily from anguishing pain, shameful debasing acts
that she was force to perform and her own self-abasing, burlesque caricature of
how much she was enjoying the torment she and her parent's were going through.
As the disinfectant in the water stung her nerves, Edna watched Robert disappear
behind her and Al tower over the knelling form of Gloria.


CLOSE LOG ENTRY 21




   log Entry Number 22:

   the great escape  

  

   "Shit! What the fuck is this!" Al rammed his foot into Gloria's right breast.
"You were suppose to let Fucktoy suck them dry." Once again Al planted his foot
into her tender right breast. "Were you trying to steal Fucktoy's nourishment
for your greedy self?"  Snarled Al.

   Choking back sobs Gloria answered. "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master, I was trying
to steal Fucktoy's food and hoard it for myself."  Gloria howled at the top of
her lungs, as Al hooked his index fingers through the rings piercing her breasts
and jerked her up.

   Shaking Gloria back and forth like a rag doll by her breasts Al roared. "Well
we know what we do to food thieves don't we WHORE?" 

   Gloria was barely able to remain standing on her shaking legs as Al held her
breasts spread wide apart by the rings, replied. "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master,
I'm am not to be fed during the next feeding, when the other toys are fed.

   "Very good Quack, however the fact that you were stealing food when you were
serving it you are going to have an additional punishment. You will have these
udders... (Al shook Gloria's breasts.) ...constantly filled for a week with the
nipples tightly clamp shut so you won't steal any of the milk. You will also
supply milk to drink at every meal for my brothers and me for that week. Before
and after each person takes a drink from these udders... (Al vigorously shook
Gloria's breasts again.) ...they will warm  up the milk in them by whipping each
breast with a strop five times."  Al growled.

   Gloria gasped and howled from the immense pain that was surging through her
abused breasts. Breasts that Al lifted her from the deck then shook her around
with. Gloria's mind flash with how much more pain her breasts would be in. As
they were stretched taunt from being bloated with goat milk. Then whipped a
minimum thirty times per meal for three meals per day for a week.

   "Well!" Growled Al.

   Gloria fought to get her howling under control as she responded in a
inflection that made her sound that a solid week of breast torture was the best
thing in the world that could bestowed upon her.  "Thank you, Al, My Lord and
Master for allowing me to serve you and your brothers with warm and tasty milk
with your meals. Thank you very much Al, My Lord and Master."

   "That's better Quack... (Releasing his hold on her breasts.) ...turn around." 
Al snapped.,

   Gloria gasped and staggered backwards a few steps and nearly collapsed to the
deck as Al released her breasts. Gloria straiten up and turned her back towards
Al. "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master. Arrgggeee!!"

   Al swung his booted foot between Gloria's wide spread legs. He slammed his
boot straight into her cunt, as he hissed. "Quack!  Where do you think your
running away to? Get that ass back over here!"

   Gloria bit her lower lip to prevent herself from screaming out as Al again
kicked her in her crotch. Waddling backwards Gloria return to the spot where Al
had held her by the breasts. "Al, My Lord and Master I'm sorry for trying to run
away." Gloria groaned.

   While Al removed the rough hemp rope that tightly coiled up Gloria's arms, he
hissed. "For trying to run away you are going to receive ten across the slit, at
the next toy meeting by each attending toys." When the rope fell from Gloria's
arms Al barked. "Face me, Quack!"

   "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master."  Gloria turned and faced Al, her throbbing
purple hands hanging limply at her sides.  "Al must want me to use my hands for
some thing or Al would never have unbound my arms. Whatever the reason I'm
grateful for the brief freedom of my arms.

   "Well, Quack! Do you think that's sufficient punishment for trying to run
away?"  Al asked with a grin on his face. Before Gloria could even begin to
respond, Al continued to talk for her. "You don't! You think a crewmate that
tries to abandon her fellow crewmates deserves more. Well how much more Quack?" 

   Gloria waited for Al to continue his rambling suddenly; Al backhand lashed
out and struck her across the face several times causing her head to whip bank
and forth.

   "Well!"  Al roared at Gloria.

   Gloria cringed as she responded. "Double Al, My Lord and Master, I think I
should get twenty very hard slaps across my twat with a prickly strop for trying
to abandoning my fellow crewmates."

   Slapping her face even harder with the back of his hand Al roared. "And!"

   Gloria dreaded what she was about to say. "In addition to having twenty hard
strokes across my twat, I am to receive twenty strokes across the sole of each
foot with a thin bamboo cane."

   "Well Quack, I think that we can handle those penalties for you. Even though
they are very minor. I must, becoming an old softy allowing you to get off so
easily. Especially, to a whore that has no regards for her crewmates, by trying
to abandon them. Which would have made them work even harder to cover your job
assignments. What do you have to say, Quack?"

   "Al, My Lord and Master, I thank you in advance, for being so merciful to me.
At the first opportunity I will apologize to each and every one of my fellow
crewmates."  Though her verbal response was clear and apologetic, Gloria wept
inwardly. The small unavoidable three backward steps she took when Al released
his grip on her breasts that he was viciously stretching had turned into an
escape attempt. For which she would be severely punished for and will have to
apologize to her fellow captives.

   Apologize in the same manner that the young seventy-five pounds, Elizabeth
apologize earlier that day. Now she had been instructed to apologize. To
apologize she would have to climbed up on her fellow captives upturned breast.
The forty-five pounds of increase weight over the fourteen-year-old on their
breasts would be pure hell for her fellow captives. She then would momentary
suck and lick their clits. The sucking and licking would be so brief that it
wouldn't give any pleasure at all to the inverted, tautly stretched, hanging
girls. Then clamping their clits between her teeth and slide down off the
breasts to the deck raking the clits through her teeth. No, there wouldn't be
any pleasure at all, only agonizing pain. Yes she and her fellow captives would
go through pure hell for those three small unavoidable backward steps.

   "Fucktoy!  Shove that brush up your twat!"

   Edna shuddered with pain, as she pushed the deck scrub brush that she had
been cleaning the washtub with, into her pussy. The disinfectant that was
soaking the brush burned and ripped the sensitive inner lining of her vagina.

   Quack!  Get that lazy ass of yours over to Fucktoy, and scrub her down from
the top of her head to the tips of her toes. And I do mean SCRUB!!!" Al roared.

   Gloria knelt next to the tub that held Edna. As she reached for the brush
that was jammed in Edna's pussy, Al roared at her. "Quack! That food that you
were hoarding let Fucktoy suckle it down. I don't want to here a peep out of
either one of you."  Al looked over at his brothers and Bonnie. Bonnie was still
sucking on Frank's cock, which had become ridged once again, while Robert was
slamming his cock up Bonnie's shitter with quick hard thrusts. Al walked behind
Gloria and jammed his middle finger up her ass as he barked. "Quack! Continue
letting Fucktoy suckle, as you scrub her and get to your feet." Al then jerked
his hand up lifting Gloria to her feet by her asshole. Once Gloria was on her
feet Al rammed his massive cock into Gloria's snatch.

   As Al pounded his prick in and out of her twat, Gloria scrubbed the coats of
piss, shit and jism off Edna with the stiff bristle scrub brush, while teen
sucked on her right nipple with all the gusto she could manage.

   All three of the Andersons fuck rods were being service. The first cock to
dump its load of cum was the one in Bonnie's toothless mouth. Which had been
diligently sucking on Frank's rod managed to coaxed jism from Frank's balls for
the third time since she had started to suck on it. While Bonnie gulped down the
jism that filled her mouth, Frank looked over at the hanging forms of James and
Susan.

   He saw and heard the first signs of consciousness returning to Susan. Susan
let out a low pitiful moan and her head begin to roll around under it's own
power. As Bonnie vacuumed the last drops of jism from Frank's spent rod, He
grinned and called to his brothers. "Yo; guys the bitch is coming back online
hurry up."  Frank pulled his fuck rod from the still sucking mouth of Bonnie and
walked towards the Scorpion. Frank paused momentary to kick James's unconscious
form several times in the head. Then continue his leisurely stroll towards the
Scorpion.

   The second fuck rod that spewed its load of jism was Robert's. After firing
his jism deep in Bonnie's shitter he slapped both of Bonnie's ass cheeks with
his palms repeatedly as he withdrew his rod. "Gumby lets go help Frank." Robert
chuckled as he grabbed the line that was stretching Bonnie's clit taunt. As
Robert headed for the Scorpion he towed Bonnie behind him. Bonnie's pink ass
globes jiggled as she waddled backwards as fast as she could. Her breasts were
jerked around violently by the attached weights that were swinging as Robert led
her to the Scorpion.

   Finally Al's massive fuck rod fired its load in Gloria's cunt. Al pulled his
still ridged thirteen-inch fuck rod from Gloria's twat, as he barked. "Both of
you stand and face me!"

   With her entire body burning from the scrubbing Gloria had just given her,
Edna struggled to her feet facing Al, with disinfectant dripping from her
lobster red body.

   Before Gloria could straighten and turned to face Al. He grabbed the rings in
Gloria's breasts, jerking them up until she was standing on her toes. "Quack did
you let Fucktoy suck your udders dry or are you still hoarding?" 

   Nervously Gloria responded. "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master, I let Fucktoy suck
all of the goats milk from my udders. No I am not hoarding any more of Fucktoy's
food, Fucktoy got it all."

   "We shall see!  Yes Quack; we shall see!  Fucktoy put the brush and bottle of
disinfectant where they belong while I check Quack's udders out."  Growled Al.

   "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master." Squeaked Edna as she bent over and picked up
the stiff scrubbing brush and the bottle of disinfectant that was on the deck
next to the washtub. The teenager shoved the brush up her pussy and the thrust
bottle up her shitter.

   Al released Gloria's breasts. Though she gasped as her breasts sprung back in
place she remain up on her toes and didn't budge an inch. Thinking that Al was
going to start sucking on her nipples. But Gloria was aghast when instead of
having her nipples sucked, Al begin wrapping her breasts with the rough hemp
line that had previously been binding her arms together. Al wrapped her breasts
in a figure eight configuration until they projected from her chest like a
couple of balloons. Al stepped back grinning. "Ah ha!  Caught you, you fucking
lying WHORE!  Look at that!  You are still hoarding food."

   Gloria was reduce to quivering jelly and groaned with pure misery as a few
drops of milk dripped from her tightly bound breasts. "I'm sorry, Al, My Lord
and Master. I am a totally greedy whore."

   "Your greediest has earned you two more feeding periods without nourishment.
Because you like to hid food in those udders you will stand with your hands
clasped behind your head legs spread wide and holding a whip up your twat at the
entrance of the Toybox. You will asked each toy to yank the whip from your twat,
slash each breast hard ten times with the whip, and then jam the whip back into
your twat for the next toy to use. You will do this until the next feeding that
you're allowed to participate in.

   Now both of you get your sorry asses over to Trull. Fucktoy! Once over there
you will get to your knees and clean out Quack's box with your tongue and
mouth."

   Clamping her cuntal muscles together to keep the scrub brush and her anal
muscles to keep the bottle of disinfectant in her lower body cavities Edna race
over to her mother. Behind her a trail of disinfectant drip to the deck from her
body. Turning her back to her mother she dropped to her knees and waited for
Gloria. Edna watched Gloria waddle towards her. Gloria's bound breasts jiggled
around and her stretched clit glistened as Al's cum leached from her snatch and
coated her clit.

   Edna had never had a lesbian sexual encounter before. Just as with her
heterosexual experience, Edna was a virgin to the homosexual realm. But as
Gloria waddle up to Edna, she open her mouth wide and planted over Gloria's
pussy and started sucking hard. What Edna lacked in technique she made up for in
determination. Gloria thought she was being sucked inside out. As Edna continue
to suck Gloria felt her own juices starting to flow. Gloria let out a low moan
of pure pleasure her first in a very long painful time.

   **********

   It had been ages since she had received any pleasure in associated with a
sexual act. It was before the medical seminar that she had come out to Hawaii
for. It was Eric Clark a banker that she had been going with for about a year.
Though he was fairly decent in the lovemaking department he was a total bore
socially. Before leaving San Francisco she had broken up with him. She told him
that she needed more excitement in her life that even lovemaking was becoming a
bore with him. The next day she left for Hawaii, determine to find a new mate
that had more zip in life. That's why when Robert came into her life on the last
day of the seminar talking about adventures in exotic locations and romantic
interludes she jump for it.

   Though she was in a pleasant pasture, Gloria had decided to jump for a
greener one. However she landed in purgatory. If only she had been content with
her life she would be in San Francisco right now with Eric instead of having her
body constantly tortured by three sadistic men. But in the here and now Edna was
giving her some enjoyment even tough her breasts and clit were throbbing from
their bondage and her pussy still hurt from Al massive prick stretching it all
out of shape and the brutal kicks he had delivered to the sensitive womanly
flesh. Gloria moaned even deeper as Edna switched from sucking to licking.

   **********

   "QUACK!!!"

   Gloria nearly climbed out of her skin as Al bellowed.

   "Quack just what the fuck are you doing?  Are you trying to get off? Well
we'll see about that!"  Al shoved Edna out of his way then started to slam his
knee into Gloria's cunt until she collapse to the deck howling. Al grabbed the
line that was stretching her clit and pulled up on it lifting Gloria's ass up
off the deck. With Gloria screeching at the top of her lungs, Al kicked Gloria
in her pussy over and over. Gloria was barely conscious when Al stopped kicking
her pussy. Gloria bounced on her ass as Al released his grip on the line
attached to her clit ring. "If I ever catch you even thinking about enjoying
yourself with your nasty twat again, I will pour drain cleaner into it and
staple it closed you worthless fucking whore!  What were you told about being a
slutty fucking whore? And messing up the place with that disgusting slime of
yours?"  Seethed Al.

   With agonizing pain racing through her clitoris and pussy Gloria wailed. "Al,
My Lord and Master as worthless fucking whore, I should never get enjoyment out
of any form of sexual act. As worthless whore, my body is nothing but a
receptacle for my loving Lords and Masters. I only provide my body and holes for
My Lords and Masters pleasures alone and no other. Yes, Al My Lord and Master.
If I'm caught again enjoying myself with anyone but My Lords and Masters, I
should have drain cleaner pour into my nasty twat and have it stapled closed."

   Al continued to seethe as he spoke. "Very good Quack, remember that. Now you
fucking worthless whore, (Al hooked his forefingers in Gloria's breasts rings.)
get to your feet. Al yanked up on the breast rings forcing Gloria to scramble to
her feet. Once Gloria was on her feet, Al released her breasts and barked. "Stay
put whore!" 

   Gloria's breasts, cunt and clit were wrack with nerve shattering pain that
was ebbing away what little energy that she had left. But Gloria managed to call
up hidden reserves to keep her standing, though it was on very wobbly legs.

   "Fucktoy!"

   Edna cringed as Al barked at her. "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master."  She managed
to croak out barely above a whisper.

   "Fucktoy, you need to learn when your told to clean something you clean it,
you don't play with it. The only ones, and I mean the ONLY ONES; you give any
sexual gratification to are your Lords and Masters! Now assume your position.
And you best not drop the brush or bottle in the process."

   Edna clamped down with her cuntal and rectal muscles. With out the aid of her
hands... (Because Al didn't give her permission to use them.) ... scrambled to
her feet in the bent over position with her legs spread wide and head tilted way
back with her mouth gaping wide open.

   "Fucktoy, you are going to receive five swats across each of these cherry red
globes." Al rubbed his hands across Edna's just scrubbed ass cheeks. "You are to
remain in position, without making a sound and don't drop the brush or bottle.
If you do your twat will receive a sampling of what Quack's twat received."
Simultaneously Al laid five quick hard blows across Edna's ass cheeks with both
of his palms. The reverberating sounds of the twin ass smacks sounded like five
loud firecrackers going off. "Straighten up, Fucktoy."

   Though Edna knees buckled with each of Al's powerful blows across her red
rump Edna manage to remain in her bent over position. The last dual blows nearly
pop the bottle from her shitter, Edna manage to tighten her rectal muscles a bit
more around the bottle's neck, preventing it from popping completely out.

   Edna stood up straight on wide spread legs. As bad as both of her red buns
were burning from the blows delivered to them by Al, Edna knew that the burning
was minor. The pain in her heinie was next to nothing, compare to Gloria's pain
that Edna just observed Al put Gloria's breasts, pussy and clitoris through and
the promise future tortures. Edna felt guilty.

   After all it was she that didn't suck all of the goat's milk from Gloria's
breasts even after two attempts, and it was her sucking and licking that coaxed
Gloria's pussy to release some pussy cream and gave her some pleasure.

   Her inability to perform two simple jobs properly had caused Gloria so much
pain that it made her spanking seam like love taps in comparison. Edna felt more
pain from her shameful and incompetence acts towards Gloria then the pain she
felt from her rump.

   Al leaned over and started licking Edna's spanked rump. "Mmmm! Very tasty!
Fucktoy, you have a set of very sweet ham hocks."  After several minutes of
licking Edna's derriere Al straighten up and yanked the bottle of disinfectant
from Edna's shitter and threw the bottle at Gloria. As the bottle hit Gloria Al
growled. "Quack!  Get Trull back on line pronto."

   Gloria, who had been standing in a stupor, cringed as the bottle of
disinfectant struck her left breast. She waddled as fast as she could to the
footlocker she removed a small green duffel bag bearing, a red cross. She then
waddled over to Susan and set the bag on the deck next to Susan's head. Knelling
just above Susan's head Gloria open the bag. Withdrawing several ampoules of
smelling salt, and began to bring Susan back to the conscious world.

   While Gloria perform her medical duties, Al led Edna over to her unconscious
father by the chain dangling from the alligator clips attached to her nipples.
Edna stood watching Al as he untied the leather thongs that held her father
partly suspended off the deck by his balls from the yacht's hoist hook. After
dragging her father clear of the hoist by the leather thongs that were still
tied to his testicles he return to the footlocker. Al withdrew something from
the footlocker before sitting upon it.

   "Fucktoy!"  Al Cooed sweetly as he hooked his thumb towards James's crotch.

   Edna groaned deeply as she scrambled over to her father and straddled him
over his rock hard hyper extended phallus facing his feet. And crouch down over
her father's phallus. Grabbing the iron hard throbbing male member in her dainty
hands she glided it to the star shaped entrance of her rectum. Pausing nervously
she glance over her shoulder and look woefully into her father's grimacing
unconscious face. Wishing that somehow her father would regain consciousness,
jump up, defeat Al and his brothers and save her, her mother and the other poor
wretches that were enslaved by the Andersons.

   Alas it was not to be. There would be no heroic rescue by her father, as Al
cooed sweetly but with a menacing tone. "FUCKTOY!"

   Understanding the consequences that laid under that tone Edna squatted down
even further allowing her father's bulbous head of his hyper extended phallus to
slip pass her tight star shape ass sphincter and invade her anal canal. As she
continue to squat, Edna's ass gobbled inch after inch of her father's dick,
until she had all eight inches in her steamy bowels and was sitting atop of her
father's groin.

   "Oh Fucktoy did we forget something in your rush to have that FAGGOT ream
your tight little ass?" Al asked giddily once Edna was fully seated atop of her
father's groin.

   Edna looked over at Al in his hand were two tubes of muscle rub, meekly she
croaked, "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master, I forgot the cream for my fagot daddy's
cock and my steamy poop-chute."

   "WELL!"

   Edna let out a nearly mute howl of anguish as she rose up off of her father's
prick. She quickly scurried over to Al.

   THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!

   Edna was driven to her knees by the powerful blows that Al delivered to her
breasts with a leather strop.

   "If you ever let that FAGGOT ream that pooper of yours without first
lubricating that sissy prick of his and our pooper I'll whip them titties of
yours till every inch of skin is strip from them." Growled Al.

   Edna quickly scrambled off the deck and took the two tubes of muscle rub from
Al, She then franticly applied one tube of muscle rub to her father's prick and
the other tube up her own ass. After impaling her ass back on her father's prick
Al began to wrap and tightly ratchet the cargo straps in and around her and her
father's hips and pelvic areas together. Once the two pelvises were tightly
bound, as if they were one, Al snapped. "Fucktoy! On your back!"

   Edna flopped backwards atop her father's chest. Once she was lying down, Al
used more cargo straps to tightly weld father and daughter torsos together as he
had done to the pelvises. Al was careful to make sure that Edna's breasts stuck
out between the webbing of the cargo straps so that they would be available for
the Andersons to amuse themselves with. After all of the cargo straps were
ratcheted tight, Al rolled the pair over onto Edna's stomach then aided her to
her hands and knees. Once on her hands and knees Al checked all of the cargo
straps and tighten any that were loose. Then Al aided Edna to her feet after
satisfying he was satisfied with tightness of the cargo straps Al led Edna by
her breasts towards the stern.

   Edna groaned with pure misery with each step she took. Her all ready acing
leg muscles were twitching and bunching up. She wanted to collapse to the deck
as she did before. She was willing to have her body slashed with a belt or
riding crop or anything else Al choice to strike her with. But with the
alligator clips digging deeply into the flesh of her nipples, Edna knew that
dropping to the deck would cause the clips to tear her nipples to shreds like
her mothers. So Edna plodded towards the stern, one agonizing step after
another. When master and sex slave reached the stern Al force Edna to turn
towards the bow of the yacht.

   Edna looked down the long length of the yacht towards the bow. She didn't
know where she would find the energy to make another circuit of the yacht.
Despondently Edna lifted her left foot off of the deck in perpetration of taking
a step, before Al started pulling on her breasts via the alligator clips.

   Instead of pulling on her breasts Al shoved Edna backwards. Edna was caught
in mid stride; she wobbled on one leg before her burden dragged her backwards.
Father and daughter landed with a thud upon the stern bench. While Edna was
thrown into a panic, she gasped, yelped her arms and legs thrashing about like a
turtle on its back.

   "Stay put Fucktoy!"  Al warned Edna.

   Even if she could Edna had no plans on getting up and going anywhere. She was
extremely grateful for the chance to just sit. Al sat next to her, popping the
brush out of her snatch. He swung the stiff brush across Edna's bald twat as if
he was polishing shoes.

   "Quack! What's Trull's status?  Is she back on line yet?"  Roared Al.

   In a neutral monotone voice Gloria answered Al's inquires. "No, Al My Lord
and Master, the trull is almost back on line. Just a few minutes more and she
will be. I've stopped the bleeding from her ripped nipples, cleaned and put
ointment on her open wounds. Both her hands and breasts are very close to being
permanently damage from the poor circulation from being bound too long. When she
regains conscious she is going to be in terrible pain. She is close to shock.
May I take her down and cover her up to aid in treating the shock?"

   "Quack didn't you tell me that the feet should be elevated to treat shock? 
Or were you lying to me!"

   Nervously Gloria responded. "No, Al, My Lord and Master. I wasn't lying the
feet should be raised. But the Trull's are raised too high. They should only be
raised a few inches."

   "Quack!  Your giving me a headache with all of this gobbledygook you're
spewing. Will lowering Trull get her back on line faster?"

   "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master, it will."

   "Do it then. And if you get Trull back on line before Frank and Bobby returns
I'll think about releasing Trull's arms and breasts."

   "Thank you, Al My Lord and Master. Trull will be back on line very soon." 
Gloria stood up and waddled over to the hoist controls and lowered Susan to the
deck. Looking around for something to prop Susan's feet on. Gloria waddle over
to where the fire hose lay on the deck and used it to prop Susan's spread feet
on. As Gloria treated Susan for shock she tried he best to ease the pressure on
Susan's bound arms.

   Al continue to polish Edna's bald pubic mound and lips with his left hand and
tracing the checker board welts on the top of her breasts with his index finger
of the other hand while he cooed softly in her ear. "Fucktoy, now that you have
that FAGGOT daddy of yours bunging your poop chute and you have a lovely pair of
titty nibblers suckling your nipples, what else do you need to make your clitty
cream pop all over the place?"

   Stuttering and shaking with pure fear Edna replied "Al My Lord and Master, I
could get my clitty to pop if you would be so kind as to adorn my clitty with a
tit...clitty nibbler. Will you please do that for me? Pretty please, Al My Lord
and Master!"

   "For you Fucktoy anything you want is yours for the asking." Giggled Al as he
dropped the brush then peeled back Edna's clitoral hood with the hand he had
been using to buff her pussy with. Grasping the alligator clip that dangled down
from it's two sisters, Al held the alligator clip in front of trembling teen's
eyes, as he open and closed the steely tooth jaws of the alligator clip "Are you
sure that you want this on your clitty?" Al asked.

   Remembering how Gloria had said how she would have to really beg for her own
clitoris to be tortured Edna answered in her sexiest and sweetest voice that her
damage vocal cords could manage. "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, Please! Oh pretty
please adorn my clitty with that beautiful clitty nibbler. I'll do anything that
you want if only you would allow me to wear that adorable piece of jewelry.
Pretty please, Al My Lord and Master!"

   The expression on Al's face change and his eyes darted around wildly as if he
was a little boy checking to see if anyone was about to catch him sneaking into
the cookie jar. "Well, all right Fucktoy, but we must be quiet about it. I
wouldn't want anyone to start thinking I'm becoming a old softy and letting you
butter me up."

   While Al yank the alligator clip downward, pulling her clipped breasts behind
them, Edna let out a painful muffled squall as she choke back a scream. When Al
snapped the alligator clip over Edna's sensitive button of her clitoris, a
guttural scream reverberated throughout the vessel for a few seconds before the
teen went mute again. Which was shortly follow by her mother's own horrific,
continuo high pitch screams.

   As Susan's eyes fluttered open Susan let out a series of agonizing groans,
which turned into a continuous blood, curdling scream. Susan instinctively tried
to bring her hands around to her damage nipples, but the bindings around her
arms held them tightly behind her back. Gloria comfort Susan as best as she
could while Susan wailed away. When Susan's screaming died down Al's ominous
form came in to Gloria's view.

   "Quack! Is Trull coherent?"  Boomed Al's voice.

   Looking up at the omnipotent form that towered above her. Gloria squeaked.
"Yes, Al My Lord and Master, Trull is coherent. Barely but she will understand
you and can respond."  Gloria answered nervously.

   "Good! Very good! Now get your ass over to that FAGGOT and bring him on line"
Al snarled as he crotch down next to Susan.

   Gloria scrambled to the stern with the medical kit, where Edna sat with her
father strapped to her back, to bring James back to the world of consciousness

     "Trull!" Al lightly slapped Susan face. "Trull!  Do you hear me?"  Al cooed
softly.

   Susan's glazed eyes shifted from there aimless rolling and locked onto Al
rugged face. Meekly she whispered. "Yes I hear you."

   "Good, good. Now tell me Trull do you want your arms untied?"  Al asked
sweetly as he gently stroke Susan's cheek that he had just slapped.

   "Oh, yes!  Dear God yes! I would very much like to have my arms freed?"

   "Trull, if I set your arms free you promise, not to touch your titties?"

   "Yes, yes, yes!  I promise!"

   "When I show you some kindness and untie your arms, what nice thing will you
do for me?"

   Susan raced through the sexual acts that she could perform in her current
state. Her cunt and ass hole were still stuff with dildos that were held in
place by the rubber strap running between her legs. Her breasts hurt too much
for them to be used sexually so Susan decided that her mouth would perform the
sexual act to please Al for untying her arms. Whimpering softly. "I will suck
your beautiful cock until it cums, to thank you for untying my arms."

   "Very well then, I'll untie your arms. But heed this Trull, If I see your
hands anywhere near your titties I will rebind your arms. I will rebind them
with the cable Frank used on the FAGGOT; the barbed cable will be wound around
your arms twice as tight as they are now. No mater how much Quack pleads they
will remain tied for the rest of your life or until they rot off!  Now let me
hear what you want, what your not to do, what will happen if you do what your
not suppose to do and how you are going to thank me for releasing your arm
bindings."  Sneered Al as he twirled Susan's hair.

   Susan begin speaking in a meek low voice "I want you to untie..."  Owww,
owww, aarrgggeee, owwww!"  Susan howled as Al yanked her head back by her hair.

   "Trull!  WHO AM I!"  Al bellowed.

   With her head bent painfully backwards Susan stammered. "You are My Lord and
Master."

   "Then you best refer to me as such or I'll leave your arms as they are and
hoist you up by them."  Roared Al. relaxing the grip on Susan's hair and begin
gently stroking her hair while changing his tone to a sweet coo. "Now Trull,
shall we try again. Clear and loud so that your daughter sitting on the stern
bench can hear you."

   Susan spoke as if she was addressing a crowd, in a firm, distinct, loud voice
"Yes, My Lord and Master. My Lord and Master, if you would be so kind as to
untie my arms, I promise not to touch my titties. If I do touch my titties, I
want you to retie my arms with barbed wire, making sure that my arms are bound
twice as tight as they are now tied and that you will suspend me by my arms.
After you release my arms I will suck and lick your beautiful cock until you
tell me to stop, My Lord and Master."

   "Very good Trull, lean forward."  As Susan leaned forward Al snapped his
fingers towards Gloria. Gloria scrambled back to Al and produced a pair of
emergency medical shears and handed them to Al, then scrambled back to the
stern.

   Using the shears Al first cut the line that held Susan's elbows together then
the cords that bound her wrist together. After peeling the lines off of Susan's
arms and letting the cut lines drop to the deck, Al throw the shears at Gloria
who promptly picked them up and replace them in to the medical kit. Placing his
left hand at the base of his massive boner jutting from his groin and waggling
it as he stood up strait Al bellowed. "Well Trull!  I'm ready!"

   Susan felt her elbows separate as Al cut the bindings that coiled around her
arms. When the bindings that held Susan's palms together were cut they slid from
around her back to plop on to the deck. Susan glanced at each of her arms as
they dangled lifelessly down her sides. What Susan saw was two deep purple
bloated logs of flesh with deep groves spiraling down each arm to the shinny
steel cuffs that still tightly circled her wrist.

   Hearing Al bellowing at her, Susan struggle to straighten up to service Al's
cock but just as her lips parted to allow the one eye monster into her mouth she
collapsed to the deck howling. Every nerve in both of Susan's arms scream as
they were enkindled, as a fresh supply of blood surge through Susan's arms. As
Susan withered and howled across the deck she heard Frank's jovial voice ring
out. "Yo there big brother what are you up to?"

   "Just waiting for Trull to keep up her part of a bargain we made. But it seem
that she just wants to lay around the deck singing."   Al remarked with a
soulful tone.

   "Ya!  That Bitch is always trying to back out of deals. But we got solutions
for that don't we, big brother. Don't we!"  Snarled Frank.

   "Oh God!  Please no more!  Please!  I'll suck Al's cock!  I wasn't trying to
back out of sucking his cock!  It's just that I was in so mush pain that I... " 
Wailed Susan as Al grabbed her wrists.  Susan, continued to plea and wail as Al
wrap her arms with barbed wire then she was hoisted off the deck strappado
fashion. Susan howled with excruciating pain as she slowly spun by her bound
arms.

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY 22




   log Entry Number 23:

   the scorpion gets new crewmembers 

   

   Edna was looking down across her breasts that were being dragged downward to
the alligator clips that had her nipples clipped so that the nipples were nearly
touching each other. She gazed pass the chains that was pulled taunt to the
alligator clip on her clitoris that was being stretched upward, while Al was
cutting her mother's arms free. On hearing Frank's voice Edna looked up from her
tormented sex parts that were being stretched to see Frank and Robert return
from the Scorpion. Behind Frank were five seminude females. At the end of the
line was Robert lashing the last girl in the line with a belt across her rear.
Edna gasped with horror at how the females were attired.

   Each captive was in a leather corset like her mothers, which were pulled much
too tight around their waists for comfort. Around their slender throats were
wide leather collars with several rings hanging from it. At the front if the
collar was a spike resting just under the chin, which forced each captive to
keep her head held high. The wrists were encase in steel cuffs and were drawn up
behind their backs in a double hammerlock and attached to the collars at the
back of the neck. Each captive girl bore a set of shackles around her ankles
that prevented the shackled feet from taking more then a half-foot step at a
time. To keep them quit each mouth had been gagged as her father had been. The
plastic tube came from the gag to a butt plug then another tube went from the
butt plug to disappear into the pussies.

   "Commode, pittle!" Al snapped.

   Edna watched the forth girl in amazed horror as a yellowish liquid flowed
from her pussy through the tube to disappear into the ass. Then a brownish
liquid flowed from the ass up through the tube and into the mouth. As Edna watch
the forth girl swallow, Edna realized that each of the captive girls could and
did give themselves there own piss and shit cocktail to drink every time they
had to urinate.

   All ten breasts were bare. Each of the breasts was ballooned out by rubber
bands. Just behind each breast aureole was a ring that pierce the tit flesh. The
outer and inter pussy lips of each lip set had its own ring piercing them so
that there was one ring on each side of the pussy slit. A large dildo penetrated
eleven inches up each pussy. A rod pass through the left pussy lips ring through
the base of two long poles and the base of the dildo which sat between the
poles, then through the right pussy lips ring. The two poles rose from the
girls' pussies in the shape of a large "V" stopping right at the level of the
navels. The rods were then attached to the bottom of a large metal box. The top
of the boxes had an eyebolt at each of the outer corners of the box; a line was
tied to each eyebolt and was threaded through each of the rings behind the
breast aureoles. The lines were pulled taunt and secured. Each captive girl had
a box that was held in place by her pussy lips and breasts.

   By looking at the fifth girl, Edna could see what the boxes were for the
fifth and smallest of the captive girls, who were still having her ass beaten by
Robert. Her box was filled with five rods, a bag of charcoal, starting fluid, a
small barbecue pit and several other items. The boxes Edna released were for
carrying things around. As items were added to the box, their weight would pull
and stretch the captives' cunt lips and breasts. Each of the five girls that
Frank led was rigged with one.

   A ring went through the clit just behind the sensitive head and hanging from
the clit ring was a pouch full of tools. Each nipple was capped with an
alligator clip that had strings attached to each clip. The set of strings went
through the earrings of the girl in front of her and down the front and attached
to the girl's nipples. The first captive girl inline was Bonnie and her nipple
lines were in Frank's hand as he walked the lines pulled on Bonnie's, nipples
force her to follow him. The second captive followed Bonnie; the third followed
the second, so on and so on. The train of girls followed Frank, keeping their
legs spread as far apart as the short length of chain around their ankles would
allow them. They were tethered so closely that if one girl was out of step she
would step on the heal of the girl, in front of her.

   Frank stopped his train of captive females in front of Susan who was dangling
by her arms that were secured behind her back.

   Robert snapped at Gloria. "Quack!  Set it up!"  As he stop whipping the fifth
girl's ass, then removed starting fluid and matches from the fifth girl's box.

   Gloria scampered from the stern where she had brought James back to the world
of living hell, over to the fifth girl in the train and started to remove the
items that were in her box. First was the barbecue grill, which Gloria set up
between the train of girls and Susan. The second was to rig the bellows to the
leg of the barbecue pit. Next she open and dump the bag of charcoal into the
barbecue pit, then Gloria place atop the coals the iron rods which turned out to
be branding irons with the designs that was burnt into the flesh of each captive
girl. After getting the barbecue pit set up Gloria took a pair of heavy wilder
gloves over to Frank. Dropping to her knees Gloria bowed until her forehead
touched the deck with her hands stretched out above her head presenting the
gloves to Frank. In a clear and loud voice, "Frank, My Lord and Master the toy
marker awaits your pleasure.

   After Frank took the gloves from Gloria, she scurried backward keeping her
face to the deck until she was next to the barbecue pit. Once there in her
servitude position she backed into the bellows handle until it was lodge deep
into her pussy and waited.

   While Gloria was setting up the barbecue pit Al secured Susan's spreader bar
to the deck. The results left Susan stretched taunt between the deck and the
skiff hoist. Al removed the rubber strap running through her crotch and ass
cheeks. Al then removed the tight fitting corset. Susan's entire midsection was
speckled with little red dots of blood where the spikes on the corset had dug in
to her skin. Al wrapped a rope tightly around Susan's waist then fed the line
between her ass cheeks through her pussy slit then back through the loop around
her waist. Al passed the line through an eyebolt in the deck and pulled on the
line until Susan's belly was tautly bowed out.

   Robert arranged the train of girls into a semicircle facing towards Susan's
bowed stomach.

   Frank poured the starting fluid over the charcoals and lit a match to start
the charcoal burning

   With Susan tightly secured for her next phase, Al went to the stern to fetch
Edna. Al brought Edna over to the group on her hands and knees with her father
riding atop of her groaning from the pain her breasts and clit were in. Al led
Edna to a spot between her mother and the barbecue pit. Edna could feel the heat
from the barbecue pit as the charcoal burn.

   Frank had put on the thick welder's gloves and was churning the branding
irons, when he bellowed a single word. "STROKE!"

   Upon hearing that single word, Gloria begin bobbing her ass up and down. With
the handle of the bellows still inserted deep into her cunt the action of her
ass going up and down started the bellows to pump air across the charcoal making
them burn hotter and hotter, as Frank churned the iron rods in the burning
embers.

   Al started to speak to the assembled group around the barbecue pit with a
tone of reverence as if he was addressing a group of students at a graduation
ceremony. "From time to time our small group allows new plebes to try out for
our little band. Today we have three such plebes. There's the FAGGOT, Trull a
slutty bitch and Fucktoy the rompish little Piglet. All three of them wish to
become full-fledged members of Helen's Toybox. All three of them have passed the
entrance exams and only await the decision of the current toys. How do ye vote?"

   In unison the five captive girls standing in a semicircle and Gloria who was
still pumping the bellows with her cunt cried out. "YES!"

   Al continued his presentation. "That is six votes for admittance and zero
votes for rejection with three members of the crew absent and not casting a vote
on this admittance. The yes vote carries. Frank the toy's logos if you please." 

   Al and Robert knelt on each side of Edna as Frank approached James's rear
with one of the branding irons from the barbecue pit that was glowing white-hot.
Frank aimed the iron rod at the center of James's left buttock then press the
branding iron into the left buttock.

   Though Edna could not see behind her she knew instantly when Frank had press
the branding iron into her father's buttock. She felt her father's entire body
tense up and she smelt the so familiar sickening odor of burning flesh as her
father gurgling painfully.

   Frank held the hot branding iron against James's Left buttock for thirty
seconds before lifting it clear of the buttock. Frank then replace the branding
iron back into the barbecue pit and took out another branding iron and repeated
the steps with the right buttocks. When Frank was finish with the right buttock
Al and Robert released the tie down straps that held James's chest to Edna's
back. After the tie downs were removed Al and Robert tilted James's body
backwards, until it James's was laying on his back. Then Al and Robert each
place a foot atop of James's chest and held him down, as Frank pressed a third
branding iron into James's belly.

   As the third rod sunk into James's belly James let loose a muffled scream and
started bucking but was held in place by Al and Robert. How ever Edna was
slammed down into the deck and was shook around like a rag doll by her father's
powerful leg spasms. As Frank return the third branding iron to the barbecue Al
sat on James's chest and Robert stretched out James's left arm.

   In the deep solemn tone that he had been using Al continue his speech. "Hear
Ye, Hear Ye!  All of thee who are present, be it known that the FAGGOT shall
henceforth be known as Noodles the FAGGOT."

    In unison the six captive girls sang out sweetly. "Welcome to Helen's Toybox
Noodles the Faggot. We all welcome you to the fold."

   As the voices of the six captive girls died down Frank knelt on the deck next
to James's stretched out left arm and repeated what was done to James's right
arm. Before Frank was finish smashing James's left arm to a bloody pulp he had
once again pass out cold. His daughter who had his cock up her ass and was bound
at the hips was groggy from being thrashed around by her father's legs.

   The three Anderson brothers jubilantly rose from the deck, Al and Robert
headed towards Susan while Frank headed for the barbecue pit. Al and Robert
grasped Susan's hips tightly to give Frank a nonmoving target for his branding
iron.

   "Fucktoy on your knees and watch mommy!"  Roared Al.

   As Edna struggled to her knees she watched Frank approach her mother with a
white-hot branding iron. As the iron burned it's way into Susan's bowed stomach
Susan screaming at the top of her lungs.

   With the brand of a scorpion fucking a girl with its tale seared into her
abdomen, Al released the line bowing her stomach out. Once Susan was spun around
so that her creamy full ass was facing the assembled group.

   With Susan howling and pleading for them to stop, Frank stepped up to Susan
with a glowing branding iron. When Frank finished with Susan's left buttock he
changed the branding iron then branded Susan's right buttock.

   Edna stared at the brands that were seared into her mother's rump. The right
cheek supported a figure of a girl with highly exaggerated breasts in a full out
running pose. The left cheek bore a large scorpion that appeared to be chasing
the girl on the right cheek.

   Al tripped the free fall lever and Susan crashed to the deck. Susan was
stunned almost to unconsciousness

   Al and Frank flipped Susan onto her back, while Robert went to the stern and
rummage through the medical kit that Gloria had left when she brought James back
to consciousness. He removed two items that were wrapped in vacuum-sealed packs.
Returning to Susan's side Robert handed the packs to Frank.

   Once again Al spoke in his academic tone. "Hear Ye, Hear Ye!  All of thee who
are present, be it known that Trull a slutty bitch shall henceforth be known as
the Titless Wonder."

   Again in unison the six captive girls sang out sweetly. "Welcome to Helen's
Toybox, Titless Wonder. We all welcome you to the fold."

   Al and Robert each grabbed a fishhook that was embedded in Susan's breasts
behind her aureoles of each breast. Al and Robert pulled on the fishhooks until
Susan's breasts were stretched taunt. Frank then open the vacuum sealed packs
and handed a surgical scalpel that he removed from the packs to Al and Robert
then went back to the barbecue pit.

   All three of the Anderson brothers were grinning like Cheshire cats. Al and
Robert place their scalpel against the flesh of Susan's breasts just at the edge
bra openings that her breasts were protruding from. In one swift movement Al and
Robert sliced the protruding portions of Susan's breasts off.

   Susan let loose a blood curdling scream, that lasted a few seconds before she
fainted dead away. Edna screamed then collapse to the deck in a fetal position
mumbling incoherently. The six captive girls were aghast with horror as they
watched blood squirting from the sever breasts. The only thing that prevented
the blood from rushing out was the rubber bands that were tightly wrapped around
the base of Susan's breasts. Through the vial of darkness that surrounded
Susan's unconscious form, she thrashed about under Al's and Robert's feet and
let loose a purgatorial gurgling scream as Frank pressed two flat oval white hot
irons atop her severed breasts. The hot iron disks instantly cauterize the two
gaping wounds on Susan's breasts.

   After placing the severed parts of Susan's breasts in a zip-lock bag and
sealing it, Al and Robert left Susan moaning pitifully and writhing
unconsciously on the deck, Al and Robert cross the short distance From Susan's
crumpled body to stand towering over the babbling, fetal form of Edna.

   Al tossed the zip-lock bag that contained Susan's severed breast portions at
Gloria as he bellowed. "Quack! Keep track of that bag and get Titless Wonder
back on line."  Nudging Edna with his toe and whispering sweetly. "Fucktoy, get
up it's your turn."

   When Edna didn't respond to Al, he grabbed Edna's wrists and lashed them
together. Al then slipped her bound hands over the hoist hook. As Robert went to
the hoist control

   "Fucktoy! When I say get up, I mean get up now not when it suites you!!"  Al
roared as Robert pushed the up button on the hoist control.

   Edna whimpered and pleaded with Al as she was dragged across the deck and up
into the air by the hoist. Hanging from the skiff hoist hook by her bound wrist
and her father who was still tightly bound to her rump with his hyper rigid cock
planted up her ass, Edna's body was stretched tautly. Her luscious well-whipped
teen body glistened as sweat beaded and ran down her body.

   Gleefully Al asked. "Fucktoy! Now that you are up shall we continue?"

   Mournfully Edna replied. "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master." Then watch with
wide-eyed horror as Frank approached her with the branding iron with the
Scorpion's logo. Edna snapped her head back and lot out a gurgling howled,
thrashed her feet about wildly, as the white-hot branding iron burnt its way
into Edna's soft skin of her stomach, just above the usage brands that were
already seared into her flesh. Edna gagged as the sickening odor penetrated her
olfactory as the iron seared is design permanently into her flesh. From this day
forward she would bare the mark of a Scorpion sex toy.

   Al continued his solemn dissertation. "Do to an incestuous need to be
constantly fuck by her father the FAGGOT, Fucktoy has been given a special
dispensation. At this time Fucktoy will not get the two toy logos on her heinie.
They will be presented at a time when the FAGGOT isn't bunging her poop chute.
Now that has been settled let's get back to the mater at hand. Hear Ye, Hear Ye! 
All of thee who are present, be it known that Fucktoy the rompish little Piglet
shall henceforth be known as the Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy

   For the third time in unison the six captive girls sang out sweetly. "Welcome
to Helen's Toybox Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy. We all welcome you to
the fold."

   "Quack!  Get your ass over here with the suture kit pronto!"  Al barked.

   Gloria got up from the deck where she had been treating Susan and retrieved
the suture kit from the medical bag sitting on the yacht's stern bench. After
waddling over to Al she dropped to her knees, looked up at the towering form of
Al as she spoke. "Yes, Al My Lord and Master."

   "Quack, your are to sew the FAGGOT'S fuck pole into Fucktoy's poop chute
through Fucktoy's twat. Start just behind the FAGGOT'S knob and place one
hundred tight stitches between Fucktoy and FAGGOT.

   Gloria groaned to herself as she threaded a curved suture needle with the
heaviest suture thread in the kit. Gloria coned her fingers and slipped her hand
into Edna's vagina as gently as she could and began the task that Al had given
her. Never in her wildest dreams did she think that she would be putting her
medical skills to such use.

   Edna had stitches once before. When she was seven she had cut herself on her
index finger. She had been helping her mother cut vegetables for the stew that
was being prepared for dinner. Though she remembered crying as the doctor
stitched her up it really didn't hurt at all. She was crying more from fright
then the actual pain. She remembered the tingly feeling that the painkiller gave
her. But the stitches that Gloria was placing in the lining of her vagina were
excruciating painful.

   With no form of painkiller Edna sobbed heavily and her tears flicked off her
heaving breasts, Her legs flayed about wildly each time the needle passed
through the thin membrane that separated her two passages. Edna felt her
unconscious father shudder every time Gloria passed the needle through his hyper
extended phallus. As agonizing after agonizing stitch was performed, Edna
pleaded and begged first with Gloria, then Al, then her parents and lastly to
God, for Gloria to stop. But all of her pleads went unanswered. Edna continued
to hang by her wrist while Gloria stitched her father's prick to her.

   After Gloria tied off the last stitch she with drew her hand and the needle
from Edna's vagina. Turning and looking up at Al she nervously spoke. "Al, My
Lord and Master, I have finished sewing Noodles the Faggot cock to Piglet the
sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy poop-chute. What can this worthless whore do for you
or my other My Lords and Masters now?"

   "Get your ass back over to Titless and get her back on line!"  Snapped Al.

   Gloria scrambled over to Susan and started treating her once again. Gloria
wished that she had some type of painkiller or sedative that she could give to
Susan but the Andersons didn't allow any relief from pain except brief lapses
into unconsciousness for their victims. So Gloria did the best she could with
the water from the washtub and the rubbing alcohol from the medical kit. While
Gloria treated Susan she heard Al speaking to her fellow captives once again.

   "These ceremonies are now at a close. My brothers and I wish to welcome the
three new toys to the Helen's Toybox!"

   Gloria stopped her treatment of Susan to join the five other suffering
captives of the Andersons welcoming statement. We the current members of Helen's
Toybox welcome the new toys to the fine and luxurious motor vessel Scorpion. We
the old toys wish to welcome, Noodles the FAGGOT, Titless Wonder and Piglet the
sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy as full fledge members of Helen's Toybox. As full
fledged members of Helen's Toybox you are entitled to participate in all of the
fun activities that our generous and kind benefactors bestow upon us during our
luxurious cruises."

   Al stepped up in front of Edna and tightly pinched her nipples between his
forefingers and thumbs as he bellowed. "Well!!"

   Whimpering Edna replied. "Thank you for letting me joi..." Suddenly Edna
started to scream. "Owwww! Owwww! Arrrrggg! Owwwwww!."

   Al brutally twisted her nipples then yanked them in opposite directions as he
seethed. "That didn't sound very sincere. And sense the excitement was too much
for your parents, they seem to have gone nightie-night on us you'll have to
thank my brothers the old toys and me for them. Now Fucktoy nice and sweet."

   Edna gasped then spoke syrupy. "On behalf of my parents and I, I wish to
tha... Arrrrggg! Owwwwww! Arrrggg!" 

   Al yanked Edna's nipples up as he bellowed. "Who?"

   Fighting to control her inflection Edna started over. "On behalf of my father
Noodles the Faggot, my mother Titless Wonder. and myself, Piglet the sex crazed
Nymphet Fucktoy, I wish to thank our kind benefactors and fellow toys, for
allowing the three of us the prestigious honor of joining Helen's Toybox on
board the fine and luxurious motor vessel Scorpion. I thank you very much."

   While Edna was giving thanks Frank and Robert walked over to Gloria. Reaching
down Frank grabbed a hand full of Gloria's hair and yanked her to her feet as
Robert picked up the medical kit. Once Gloria was on her feet Frank released his
grip on Gloria's hair and barked, "Quack!  Are you hiding anything?"

   Gloria gasped as she stretched her arms straight out from her sides with her
finger spread wide and her palms towards Frank. "No, Frank My Lord and Master, I
am not hiding anything." Gloria stated then opened her mouth wide.

   Gloria stood passively as Frank jammed his hand into her cunt and swished his
fingers around. Then he jammed two of his fingers up Gloria's asshole; finally
he ran his fingers through her mouth and hair. Satisfied that she had not hidden
anything from the medical kit in any of her cavities or about her body he
checked Susan and the surrounding deck. Not finding anything he took the medical
kit from Robert who had been inventorying it.

   Once Frank had the medical kit he begin inventory it as Robert inspected
Gloria's cavities and body for hidden items. After the double inspection and was
satisfied that all items were accounted for Frank handed Gloria some gazes and
the bottle of rubbing alcohol before closing the bag. "Get back to work!" Robert
roared. Gloria dropped to her knees to treat Susan.

   Lifting Edna's chin Al spoke sweetly to her. "Fucktoy since you and your
parents put on such a great shows I'm going to let you and them set out this
work section. However you are to watch your fellow toys perform there assign
task so you will know what to do next time. Take care." 

   Edna watched Frank and Robert remove the alligator clips from the breasts of
the line of captive girls. Then she watched Al stand in front of the third and
largest of the captive girls. The third captive girl was built like an Amazon.
Strapped to her back was a modified saddle complete with stirrups. From the
Amazon's box Al took out a bridle. After removing the dildo from the Amazon's
mouth, Al tightly fitted the bridle over her head and inserted the bit into her
mouth. After draping the reins over the Amazon's shoulders, Al walking behind
the Amazon then he mounted her.

   Sitting in the modified saddle while testing the reins Al barked. "Quack do
you have any thing to say to the toys?"

   Gloria struggled back to her feet and clasped her hands behind her head. "My
fellow toys I need to inform you all that earlier I tried to run away. But
thanks to our Lord and Master, Al whose magnanimousness had showed me the errant
of my ways, I decided to remain a member of Helen's Toybox. Though Our Lord and
Master, Al has forgiven me for that cowardly act, I feel that I owe all of you
an apology. So for nearly causing each of you to assume a greater workload that
my running away would have cause, I beseech each of you to whip my nasty twat
with a studded strop twenty times. If each of you toys would do that for me I
would be truly grateful."

   Gloria flopped on her back, lifted her wide spread legs up until her toes
touch the deck then grasped the spreader bar to keep her legs in that position.
This blatantly exposed her cunt to all. "The Toys of Helen's Toybox, my nasty
twat awaits you. Please each f you whack my nasty twat twenty times each,
please."

   Frank unhooked Bonnie's left arm from her collar and handed her a studded
rubber leather strop. Bonnie scurried over to Gloria and started delivering the
first of the one hundred strokes across Gloria's cunt, for the three backward
steps she took when Al released her nipple rings. Three steps that Al had
proclaim to be an escape attempt.

   THWACK!! "One! I'm sorry for trying to abandon you Gumby. Please deliver
another of your nineteen remaining strokes to my nasty twat." THWACK!! "Two! I'm
sorry for trying to abandon you Gumby, Please deliver another of your eighteen
remaining strokes to my nasty twat." THWACK!! "Three! I'm sorry for trying to
abandon you Gumby, Please deliver another of your seventeen remaining strokes to
my nasty twat." THWACK!! "Four! I'm sorry for trying..."

   Edna shuddered and cringed each time the strop slammed into Gloria's pussy.
After Bonnie delivered her twentieth blow to Gloria's cunt she return to Frank
and handed the strop to him. Frank reconnected Bonnie's free hand back to her
collar. Then Frank unhooked the next sex slave right wrist from her collar and
handed her the strop.

   THWACK!! "One! I'm sorry for trying to abandon you Galley Slut. Please
deliver another of your nineteen remaining strokes to my nasty twat." THWACK!!
"Two! I'm sorry..."

   So it went, Edna watched each of the girls that Frank and Robert had brought
aboard her fathers yacht take their turn in delivering twenty strokes to
Gloria's pussy. Edna was astonished by Gloria's ability to remain in her
position for each and every stroke. The only thing that denoted the abuse that
Gloria had just been through was the angry deep purple flesh around Gloria's
crotch, and her crackling sobbing voice.

   "Twenty! I'm sorry for trying to abandon you Pony Girl. Thank you very much
for delivering twenty strokes to my nasty twat for my pathetic, self absorbing
attempt at running away."

   "You are welcome Quack Bitch. May I do anything else for you?" Asked the girl
that Al was sitting atop of.

   With racking sobs Gloria pleaded to Lori. "Yes, please Pony Girl if you and
the other toys whack the bottoms of my feet with a bamboo cane to help me to
remember not to run away again I would be truly grateful." Gloria then release
the spreader bar that she had been holding on to and thrust her feet towards
Lori until they were hovering six inches off the deck.

   Frank exchanged the strop in Lori's hand with a bamboo cane. Which Lori,
slashed across the sole of Gloria's left foot.

   WHOOSH!! SMACK!! "Left foot, one. Thank you Pony Girl for helping me to
remember not to run away again. You have nineteen strokes remaining to deliver
to my left foot. Please deliver a stroke to my right foot, please. WHOOSH!!
SMACK!! Right foot, one. Thank you Pony Girl for helping me to remember not to
run away again. You have nineteen strokes remaining to deliver to my right foot.
Please deliver a stroke to my left foot, please. WHOOSH!! SMACK!! Left foot,
Two. Thank you Pony Girl for helping me to remember not to run away again. You
have eighteen strokes remaining to deliver to my left foot. Please deliver a
stroke to my right foot, please."

   As before Edna watched each of the other toys deliver their brutal strokes to
Gloria. However on the third girl's fifteenth stroke to Gloria left foot, Gloria
dropped her suspended feet to the deck as she let out a agonizing howl.

   "Quack present heinie! Snapped Al.

   Gloria sobbed heavily as she rolled over and thrust her rear up high.

   "Galley, deliver forty on the heinie!" 

   WHOOSH!! SMACK!! "One! I'm sorry for being a lazy whore, Galley Slut, please
deliver another blow to my heinie you have thirty-nine more to go." Wailed
Gloria as Betty slashed both globes of Gloria's ass at once.

   After the fortieth blow to her rear Gloria flopped back over on her back and
lifted her feet back up. And Betty picked up where she had left off. When Betty
completed her twentieth stroke to Gloria's right foot, Gloria sobbed pitifully

   "Please Galley Slut forgive me for being a worthless lazy whore. Please start
over your aid to help me remember not to try to run away again. Please Galley
Slut."

   Betty slashed Gloria's left foot once again with the bamboo cane.

   WHOOSH!! SMACK!! "Left foot, one. Thank you Galley Slut for helping me to
remember not to run away again. You have nineteen strokes remaining to deliver
to my left foot. Please deliver a stroke to my right foot, please. Right foot,
one. Thank..."

   Edna remembered how in gym class leg lifts made her stomach burn just after
twenty-five reputations. So Edna could image the agonizing pain that Gloria's
abdomen was going through as she held her feet just six inches off the deck as a
bamboo cane beat them. Edna watched Gloria's stomach muscles ripple and her leg
muscles twitch. Edna knew that Gloria would use every once of energy to keep her
feet off the deck. Edna had witnessed that failure to do so would earn Gloria
nothing but more slashes from the cane.

   WHOOSH!! SMACK!! "Right foot, twenty. Thank you Gumby for helping me to
remember not to run away again. I wish to thank each of Helen's Toys for
caressing my nasty twat and feet. I beg you all to forgive me for trying to run
away."

   A chorus of "You are forgiven Quack Bitch. We are proud to have helped you to
see your errant ways and correct them. You are once again a member in good
standing of Helen's Toybox." ranged out from the girls that had just beaten
Gloria.

   "Quack if you and the other toys are finish playing with each other, I
suggest that you get Titless back on line." Snap Al from atop of Lori.


CLOSE LOG ENTRY 23




   log Entry Number 24:

   Salvaging

  

   Edna watched Gloria roll over to her hand and knees and crawl over to her
mother and begin treating her to get her back on line. With Gloria on her hands
and knees Edna got a good view of what three little stumbling steps backwards
had cost Gloria. Both of the bottoms of her feet were a mass of dark purple
welts that were dripping blood from the one hundred and twenty lashing of the
bamboo cane across them. Her inner thighs and pubic area was a solid black from
the one hundred whacks of the leather strop driven into the delicate tissue. Her
rump was crisscross with forty dark purple welts that ooze blood for her failure
to keep her feet six inches off the deck as they were caned. For each of the
stumbling steps that Gloria took her body paid for it, just over eighty-six
times.

   Frank snapped a padlock to the spreader bars on Susan and Gloria's ankles and
a length of chain. Frank then ran the chain to James's left ankle and secured it
to his ankle cuff with another padlock. Now Edna, James, Susan and Gloria were
chain together.

   Edna's attention was drawn from Gloria's, well-beaten flesh as she heard Al's
gruff voice.

   "Gumby and Galley Slut you two go with Frank, Commode Tart and Barbie Doll
you two go with Bobby."

   Before the last gruff word came from Al's mouth, Edna watched Robert stepped
behind the fifth captive that he had earlier been whipping and kicked her
between her legs right in her cunt. Edna heard the captive howl, in anguish and
watched her drop to her knees.

   "Barbie Doll!  Get your ass in gear!"  Roared Robert.

   Before the gasping captive that Robert was calling Barbie Doll could move
Edna watched Robert begin lashing her back and ass viciously with his belt.

   "Move it, Barbie Doll!"  Robert roared as he flayed the hapless captive at
his feet.

   Edna look on with horrified terror as Robert rain his belt over the already
well-welted backside of the captive she knew only as Barbie Doll. As Barbie Doll
struggled to her feet and turned towards the yacht bow Edna witness the
transformation of Barbie Doll's back and rump. It turn from a blanched white to
a rosy pink, to scarlet red and finally to a angry purple with blood dripping
from open wounds that were placed upon her body by the belt wheeling from
Robert's hand.  Once Barbie Doll started walking towards the bow Robert stopped
beating her with the belt. However her tormentor started performing an even
crueler act then the beating he had just delivered.

   While Edna hung from her wrist she watched Robert's temerity towards Barbie
Doll. Every fifth step that Barbie Doll took Robert would kick the tool pouch
that hung from Barbie Doll's clit. The action cause the heavy pouch filled with
tools to yank and jerk her clit causing Barbie Doll excruciating pain as she
shuffle forward. Edna watched Barbie Doll head towards the bridge ladder with
Robert kicking her tool pouch at every fifth step, while Commode Tart walked
meekly beside them. Edna shifted her gaze from Robert's group to Frank's. Frank
was herding Gumby and Galley Slut, towards the Galley's aft hatch. Though both
captive girls lugubriously marched in front of Frank neither one nor Commode
Tart was tortured like Barbie Doll was.

   "Quack!  You best get these two back on line! And your heinie best be
sticking up high as you do it."  Roared Al as he yanked on the reins forcing the
saddle Amazon to turn to the left. "Giddyap up, Pony Girl!"  Snickered Al as he
swatted the Amazon's breasts with the thin bamboo cane.

   Edna watched the tall Amazon built captive girl that Al was calling Pony Girl
struggled with the burden of Al's massive form upon her back as she trotted
towards the bow of the yacht.

   Once all three of the Anderson brothers and there charges were out of sight,
Gloria broke down and sobbed heavily as she continue to treat Susan's wounds
with her welted ass thrust high.

   Al trotted up and swatted Gloria's well-presented rump with the bamboo cane.
"Quack, quit that blubbering and tell Fucktoy about the toys namesake."

   Choking back her sobs Gloria begin the tail of the toys of Helen's Toybox.

   "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy we the members of Helen's Toybox are
so named due to the toy that you saw Our Lord and Master, Robert treating so
wonderfully. That is the Barbie Doll toy. She has been a toy of the Andersons
the longest almost three full years. Her real name is Helen Marsh, she is the
last of the original four high society girls that started our kind benefactors
on their toy collecting." Chirped Gloria.

   "Listen to, Quack closely Fucktoy, so you can thank the proper toy for your
and your parents current lifestyles." Snickered Al as he slashed Lori's Breasts
and trotted off.

   Edna listened intently to Gloria as she reviled the historical event that had
lead to her parents and her personal tour of Tartarus at the hands of the
Anderson brothers.

   Gloria continued her chirping of the origin of the toys of Helen's Toybox.
"Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, Our most kind Lord and Master, Robert
had asked the Barbie Doll to the home coming game dance. The Barbie Doll was
aghast by his request. She felt that he was total beneath her. She viewed Robert
as being an illegitimate bastard, while she was one of the elite the creme de la
creme. So she and three of her sorority sisters and their boyfriends snatched
Robert.

   Then they begin Robert's lesson in his placement in the social order. They
striped him completely nude. Then the four boyfriends, who were members of the
football team, painted Robert completely green. Then the group dragged him out
to the football field while the eight, collage teens bantering him.

   He was staked out on the fifty-yard line spread eagle. After the group
urinated and defecated on Robert, The Barbie Doll sat a toy Barbie doll on his
cock and snapped, "That's the only pussy that deformed wang of yours is suited
for. So enjoy your sex toy you fucking pervert!" Helen then took several
Polaroid photographs of him.

   The Barbie Doll and her friends, left Robert stacked out in the middle of the
football field. As they left, Helen's boyfriend Greg warned Robert that if he
try to even talk to Helen again he would cut off Robert's cock and balls then
feed them to him.

   Robert was left stacked out over night until early the next morning when the
grounds, keeper released him. After Robert was released he raced into the locker
room shower and scrub himself clean. The green paint wouldn't completely come
off so as he left the locker room fully clothed his hands and face still had a
green tinged to it.

   It was this color that he thought that everyone he passed was laughing at.
Robert resolved that he could live through this slight embarrassment. He had
learned his lesson. He would never go near another prissy stuck up society bitch
again. Robert figured that after he removed all of the green paint from his body
the ruckus would die down in a few days.

   When Robert entered the student hall, a group of females near the student
bulletin board wrinkled their noses and squeaked "Ugh!  It's the sewage boy!
Yuck lets get out of here."

    Robert thought that some of the odor of the piss and shit had remained on
him, he begin to sniff hard to see if he could detect any odor. However when he
glanced at the bulletin board he was thunderstruck. There pined on the board
were the pictures of him covered with piss and shit with the toy Barbie doll
sitting atop his green groin, which Helen had taken. Below the picture was a
caption that read, "This is how a illegitimate bastard has sex. First he coats
himself with piss and shit then he tries to fuck a toy with a deformed limp
prick. 

   Mortified Robert raced from the Collage campus and return home to Hawaii.
Four months later he returned to San Francisco and with his brothers help he
abducted The Barbie Doll, her boyfriend Greg, the other three stuck up bitches
and their boyfriends. These eight teens were brought aboard the Scorpion.

   As the Scorpion set sailed for Hawaii, Robert informed Helen that she was his
Barbie Doll and that her friends were now sex toys for his brothers and his
enjoyment. The first thing that Robert did after the Andersons had strip and
secured the eight collage kids firmly, was to rape each of The Barbie Doll's
sorority sisters in front of her and there boyfriends.

   Once that was done and the three-sorority sisters were rebound, Robert cut
Greg's genitals off and stuffed them into The Barbie Doll's mouth. Robert placed
a strip of duct tape across The Barbie Doll's mouth, to prevent her from
spitting her boyfriend's severed, male member backs out. Then the Andersons and
the other seven, collage kids watch as Greg bleed to death from the gapping
wound where Greg's genitals had once proudly hung.

   Greg was the first who had humiliated Robert on that campus football field to
forfeit his life for that action by the hands of the Anderson brothers.

   Within the next three weeks the other three males were put to a slow
agonizing death, as the Scorpion slowly made its way back to Hawaii.

   One had a chain secured tightly around his neck and was hoisted up until he
stood on his toes. He was left like that as he screamed, howled then pleaded to
be release until fatigue over came him and he collapsed thus hanging himself.
Another died from being keelhauled. The last male was strapped into a life
preserver to keep his head above water then small cuts were place along his legs
and torso. Then he was place overboard in shark-infested waters while the
Scorpion towed him at trawling speeds. Within fifteen minutes several sharks had
attack the teen. When Robert hoisted the teen aboard once again there wasn't
anything left of the teen below the ribcage. Everything below and all of his
interns had been ripped out and eaten by the sharks.

   After that each of the girls were repeatedly rape and painfully tortured by
the Andersons until one by one each of the coeds teens had died horribly with
the exception of The Barbie Doll who was force to watch each of her friends
tortured to death until only she was left. Then the Andersons started on her
torments. The Andersons especially Robert have rape, beaten and tortured her
every day. Not enough to kill her but enough to make every second of awareness a
living hell.

   The Andersons enjoyed the raping, torturing and murderess activities so much
that they have continue to do it even to this day with the addition of your
family. The Barbie Doll truly wishes that she had not been so prissy and simply
told Robert that she was already going to the dance with someone else. Rather
then doing what she and her friends did that night on that football field three
years ago. That tormenting of Robert has doomed all of us and God only knows how
many more to a life of nothing but pain and suffering, as toys of Helen's
Toybox."

   So it was Helen Marsh who had released Cerberean in the form of the Anderson
brothers, from Tartarus to wrack pain and misery on her, her family and untold
numbers of others. If she could Edna would snuff out Helen's life force. Maybe
that would please the god of the underworld and he would recall his minions. 

   Edna knew Helen Marsh's type she had dealt with them herself, the upper crust
that regarded the ones beneath their station in life as worthless bugs to be
stepped on and squish without any regard. Now the tables had turn on her. Now
Helen was the bug and the Andersons were the foot. The problem was that foot not
only was squishing Helen, it was squishing everything living thing, including
her.

    "The one that is called Commode Tart is Marsha Clark She is the phy..."

   Gloria started describing another captive. On seeing Al and Pony Girl came
back into view Edna broke into Gloria's description. "Al is coming!"  Edna
croaked warningly.

   Gloria fell silent and devoted all of her attention to Susan's treatment. As
Al rode pass on his way to the stern the first signs that Susan was regaining
consciousness made it self known as a low pitiful groan and a weak attempt to
pull her left hand forward.

   On Al's return trip from the stern he had his mount stop next to Edna. She
watched the captive named Pony Girl pant and strain to remain standing under the
burden of Al's massive form. After half carrying her father around the yacht
Edna knew exactly how the girl turned horse felt. The box that hung from Pony
Girls breasts and cunt lips was stuff with items of value from her parents,
stateroom.

   "Quack! Are you done with Barbie Doll's tail?" Growled Al.

   "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, I have told the tail of why Piglet the sex
crazed Nymphet Fucktoy is now a honored member of Helen's Toybox." Gloria
responded.

   Slashing Gloria's up turned ass with the bamboo cane, Al growled, "Then you
best shut the fuck up and get these two back on line and ready for their next
assignment or I'll slice your breasts off!"  Roared Al, he then slashed his
mount's breasts as he barked, "BRIDGE!"  The human pony took off towards the
bridge at a fast gnat.

   As Gloria worked on Susan feverishly, Edna watched Al and his steed enter the
bridge. A few minutes later Al and his steed emerged from the galley area with
two of the four girls that had followed Frank and Robert in tow behind Pony
Girl. All three of the boxes were filled with items. In Gumby box was food from
the storage lockers, stuffed in her mouth was a pepperoni log and a log of
cheese protruded from both twat and poop chute, while Commode Tart box was
filled with stuff from the bridge. With Al riding atop Pony Girl he leaded the
coffle of girls to the Scorpion.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 24




   Log Entry Number 25:

   the scorpion prepares to get underway

    

   Once Al had his loaded coffle aboard the Scorpion he guided them down into
the cargo hold. After dismounting his steed he secure her reins to an eyebolt
embedded in the bulkhead. He dogged the hatch behind him plunging the three
captives in total darkness, as they were seal into the cargo hold.  Al made his
way to the bridge of the Scorpion. The sounds of his daughter moaning in
ecstasy, above the slurping and sucking sounds of Mary made Al burst out
laughing as he entered the bridge.

   At the sound of her father's laughter Elizabeth snapped her head from the
radar viewer to the bridge hatchway where her father's massive form stood. Every
muscle in her young body tense up as her father walked over to her and Mary's
location.

   "Sweet Pea what are you suppose to be doing?"  Al sternly asked his daughter.

   "Captain, I am watching out for approaching ships within fifty miles of the
Scorpion. Thus far there have not been any."  Elizabeth responded in a tone that
betrayed the rapture that her young body was going through, as Mary continue to
suck and lick her young pussy.

   "Well it seems to me that you are putting more attention into your own
pleasure then sincerely watching out for approaching ships?"  Al asked sternly
as he started to release his daughter from her bondage on the barrel in front of
the radar.

   Close to tears the young fourteen-year-old responded in a way that she knew
her father wanted her to. "You are right Captain I have been ignoring my duty
assignment and have been concentrating on my own pleasures. I am very sorry if I
have endanger the ship through my negligence."

   "What was it that you felt was more important for you to enjoy over the
safety of the ship?  Al inquired.

    Looking up at her father with tearful eyes Elizabeth fazing stated.  "My
twat, Captain. I was enjoying Helm Bitch licking and sucking my twat and clitty
more then safe guarding the ship. I'm very sorry Captain."

   Holding his daughter by the chin in his hand he asked softly. "What should we
do about your indiscretions?"

   "Captain, I think you should whip my twat a dozen times, for my bad
behavior."  Elizabeth stammered.

   "All right then get me the bamboo crop then climb up on the chart table and
present yourself."   Al stated as he released his daughter's chin.

   Al watch in amusement as his daughter got up off the barrel that she has been
on for over twelve hours. The top of the barrel and the face that sticking up
through the top of the barrel was soaked with his daughter's pussy cream. He
watch his daughter walk over to the chart table with her cream drooling down her
legs. When Elizabeth bent over to open the bottom drawer to retrieve the bamboo
cane Al got a intoxicating view of his daughters blood engorged pussy lips which
glistened as droplets of pussy cream clung to the fine peach fuzz cuntal hairs.

   After Elizabeth retrieved the bamboo cane from the chart table drawer she
delivered it to her father then scrambled back to the chart table. Elizabeth
then climbed atop of the chart table laid on her back and spread her legs wide.

   "Captain, My twat awaits is its just deserts."  Elizabeth stated jubilantly,
though she felt just the opposite.

   Al walked up between Elizabeth's outstretched legs. Stroking his daughter's
sopping wet cunt as he spoke to her sternly. "Sweet Pea, you are to remain still
with these sweet legs of yours stretched wide for the entire count. You are to
count each stroke and thank me for each. Understand, Sweet Pea?"

   Aye, aye Captain, I will remain still with my legs spread wide and count the
strokes that are delivered to my twat and thank you for each one."  Elizabeth
responded with mock gleefulness.

   WHACK!! Elizabeth shuttered and groaned as her father slash her left pussy
lips with the bamboo cane. Though it stung like the dickens Elizabeth knew it
was a very mild stroke that her father delivered upon her cuntal flesh. Gulping
a lung full of air to help her regain her composure she barked as sweetly as she
could. "One! Thank you Captain. May I have another, please?" WHACK!! This time
the cane struck her right pussy lips with the same force that the first blow was
delivered, and using the same inflection Elizabeth barked. "Two! Thank you
Captain. May I have another, please?" The pattern repeated itself, a slash with
the Bamboo cane to the left pussy lips then to the right for the remaining
twelve strokes.

   It became harder and harder for Elizabeth to maintain control. She
desperately wanted to close her legs and thrust her hands over her cunt to
protect it. However she knew if she did, her father would tie her down tightly
and repeat the punishment to her cunt. He would triple the strokes, strike
harder and come up with additional punishments for her disobedience. So
Elizabeth remain as she was and counted off the strokes that her father
delivered to her cuntal flesh, thanking him for each blow.

   WHACK!!  As the last stroke fell across her right pussy lips, Elizabeth's
once clear loud voice had been reduced to a meek quivering voice that was racked
with sobs "Twelve!  Thank you Captain. May I have another, please?"

   "Sure you can!"  Al remarked euphorically as he slash the bamboo cane down
dead center on his daughter's gapping cunt with twice the power he had been
using on his daughter.

   Elizabeth howled like a banshee as the bamboo cane viciously slashed into the
center of her cunt the tip of the cane biting the head of her clit. While
Elizabeth writhed atop the chart table, she bewailed. "Thirteen! Thank you
Captain. May I have another, please?"

   Al looked down at his daughter's cunt. Her blood engorged sopping wet pussy
lip now glowed, a bright red; her clit was stiff and throbbing. Al clasped his
hand over her tender pussy and started kneading it, he giggled. "Not now Sweet
Pea, you have things to do, get dress.

   When Al took his hand off of her tenderize cuntal flesh Elizabeth slid off
the chart table. On wobbly legs she went over to where her rubber panties laid
and pick them up. She had one leg in the panties and was about to insert the
other leg when her father bellowed at her.

   "Sweet Pea!  What are you forgetting?"

   Sobbing Elizabeth replied. "I forgot to show Helm my twat, Captain."

   "That's right Sweet Pea!  Now get you ass over here and touch your toes." 
Growled Al.

   Holding her panties up the leg that was inserted in them Elizabeth scurried
over to where her dad was. Once in front of her father she turned around, bent
over and touched her toes. The panties that she was holding up dropped to the
deck around her left ankle as her ass stuck out towards her father.

   Al lashed his daughter's derriere hard with the bamboo cane ten times. Five
on each cheek then bellowed. "Continue!"

   Elizabeth straiten up, stepping out of her panties and scurried over to the
barrel that Mary was still in with her head poking out of the top. Straddling
the barrel Elizabeth pushed her cane pussy into Mary's face and sang. "See my
pussy. See my pussy. My bright red pussy. See how it glows. See how it glows.
All nice and bright. I love the way it glows. My bright red pussy. I got my
bright red pussy from a sweet, sweet caning. A caning for being a very bad girl.
And if I'm bad before I sleep, I wish I may, I wish I might get a much brighter
red pussy."  Elizabeth pulled her pussy back from Mary's face and turned around.

   Once turned she thrust her rump into Mary's face and began singing once
again. "See my tushie. See my tushie. My bright red tushie. See how it glows.
See how it glows. All nice and bright. I love the way it glows. My bright red
tushie. I got my bright red tushie from a sweet, sweet caning. A caning for
being a very bad girl. And if I'm bad before I sleep, I wish I may, I wish I
might get a brighter red tushie."

   After singing to Mary, Elizabeth scurried back over to her rubber panties.
She sipped them up her legs until the twin metal dildos bump into her torso.
Reaching down and grasping the dildos she lined them up with her two lower fuck
holes and inserted them. She then finished pulling the panties up until they
were completely on, with the dildos fully imbedded in her cunt and rectum. The
hard rubber knobs that lined the inside surface of the tight fitting rubber
panties dug painfully into Elizabeth's caned flesh. Then she walked over to the
to the charging station. Inserting a fresh power pack into the dildos control
pack. The metal dildos roared to live. The one that stuffed her twat sent, a
mild electrical charge, that tickler every nerve in her twat including her clit.
And the dildo that packed her ass started vibrating. Once finished Elizabeth
stood with her hands clasped behind her head with her legs spread wide and
waited for her father's next command.

   After Elizabeth was finished dressing and replacing the dildos power supply
Al walked over to the radar and looked down at the girl whose head was poking
out of the barrel. "Yuck!  Sweet Pea, get over here and clean this mess you
made!"  Al roared.

   Elizabeth scampered over to the barrel to lap up her pussy cream off the top
of the barrel and Mary's face. Elizabeth winced as Al's hands begin kneading her
budding breasts through the tight fitting rubber brassiere. The hard rubber
knobs that had been painfully pressing into her budding breasts for close to
thirteen hours now with her father kneading them, the knobs sent wave after wave
of excruciating pain that radiated throughout her budding breasts.

   After licking the last of her pussy cream off of Mary's face Al yank his
daughter upright by her hair and barked. "Sweet Pea, it seems that Galley Slut
is busy helping your Uncle Frank so you'll need to fix your uncles and me
something to eat. Make it steaks and fries. Serve your uncles first then bring
me mine with a six-pack. You are not to eat anything or even sample the food,
unless your uncles offer you some of there food. You are not to ask or beg them
for anything; they have to offer it of there own volition. I'll be watching
you." 

   After giving Elizabeth her orders Al propelled her towards the bridge hatch
by her hair. She landed in a heap on the deck by the bridge hatch. As she picked
her aching body up off the deck she watched her father turn his attention
towards Mary who was moaning in sheer agony from cramping muscles and insatiable
itching.

   Al released the clamps that trapped Mary's wrist that were sticking out from
the sides of the barrow. Then he opened the padlock and the hasps that held the
top of the barrel that Mary was stuffed in. After popping the two halves of the
barrel off he grabbed Mary's ponytails and jerk her out of the barrel by her
hair.

   Mary howled as she dangled from her hair as her toes desperately sought the
deck as Al shook her like a rag doll. Laughing loudly as he bellowed. "We need
to shake out those nasty cramp muscles now don't we."  Al continued to shake
Mary by her hair as he walked to the Scorpion's helm. As he walked he bellowed
over Mary's screams. "Sweet Pea!  Coffee!"

   "Aye!  Aye!  Captain!"  Elizabeth responded. She stepped over to the coffee
maker and started a pot brewing.

   Al continued to shake her by her hair. The ripping pain etched its way across
her scalp Mary screamed and screamed, as she was swung about by Al.

   With the coffee brewing Elizabeth stepped through the bridge hatch. As she
made her way down the ladder she heard her father's voice over Mary's screams

   Setting Mary on the deck Al roared. "Well Helm have you rested enough to get
back to work?" 

   Choking back her heavy sobbing and though she dreaded the thought of being
hooked back up to the to the series of lines and pulleys that pulled and
stretched her breasts, cunt lips and clit Mary gave a exuberant response to Al's
question. "Yes, Captain I have had enough time to rest, and I would very much
like to resume my station and get back to work."

   Al released his grip on Mary's hair then sat in the captain's chair as he
calmly stated. "Very well then prepare yourself for helm duty."

   "Aye, aye Captain," Mary responded as she stood behind the Scorpion's helm
wheel. After Mary spread her legs wide she reached down and clasped her ankles
into the leg irons that were bolted into the deck. With her legs held wide by
the leg irons Mary reached down to the left side of the helm wheel and picked up
the four lines that hung from a hook by their lanyard clips. Each lanyard clip
had a number attach to it. Mary took lanyard clip with the number one on it and
clipped it to the ring that was braided into her ponytail on the left side of
her head. Clip number two was snapped onto the ring that pierced her left
nipple. The lanyard clip number three was hooked to the ring that pierced her
left pussy lip. The forth clip was snapped onto the ring that went through her
clitoris.

   After hooking the four lines to the left side of her body Mary retrieved the
four lines hanging on the right side of the helm wheel. She snapped the four
lines to their appropriate rings on the right side of her body. After all eight
lines were clipped to their designated ring Mary snapped the shackles that were
bolted to the helm wheel around her wrists. "Helm manned and ready, Captain." 
Mary piped with an official sounding tone. Then she brace herself for what she
knew what was coming next.

   Sitting back in the Captain's chair Al open the left armrest of the chair
exposing a row of buttons. With his left index finger Al pushed the first
button. A soft whirling noise of electric motors filled the bridge. Mary's twin
ponytails were pulled up towards the overhead as the motors took up the slack in
the lines that were attached to the rings braided in her hair. As the motors
drone on it drew Mary's hair tighter and tighter. Al released the first button
when Mary was force up on the tips of her toes.

   The whirling of another set of motors filled the bridge as Al pushed the
second button down. Mary's breasts were pulled away from each other until they
were pulled painfully taunt, before Al lifted his finger off the second button.
Al pushed the third button and Mary's pussy lips were pulled taunt. The last
button stretched Mary's clit down towards the deck until it also was stretched
taunt.

   Al closed the panel on the left armrest as he barked. "Quite during the test,
Helm! HARD PORT!"

   Mary turned the wheel hard to the left, as she did she herd three electric
motors whirled to life. They pulled on her stretched left breast and left pussy
lip dragging them another two inches further then they were already stretched
and her clit was yank two inches further downward. Mary's face contorted with
pain but she managed to stifle her screaming.

   Al waited a full minute before he issued the command. "AMIDSHIPS!"

   Mary gasped with relief as she return the wheel to its center position, the
severe tension on her left breast, left pussy lips and clit was eased back to
just being stretched taunt.

   "HARD STARBOARD"

   Mary turned the wheel hard to the right. This time her right breast and pussy
lips were grossly pulled to the right while her clit was yanked downward by two
inches. Again she suppressed the urge to scream.

   After another minute Al gave the command. "AMIDSHIPS!"

   Mary sigh as the painfully straining of her flesh on the right side of her
body was eased.

   "Test throttle!  FULL AHEAD!"  Was Al's next command.

   Mary pushed the Scorpion's engine throttles forward electric motors whirled
to life. Squeals escaped from Mary's lips as her toes left the deck, as both
ponytails were pulled up four inches and her clit was pulled downward two
inches.

   Her hair suspended Mary for a minute while her clit tried to pull her back to
the deck, before Al barked. "ALL STOP!"

   Mary's toes were lowered to the deck just enough to support her weight and
her clit was return to its post suspension tautness as she eased the throttles
back to its neutral position. Gasping and trembling heavily as beads of sweet
rippled down her taunt flesh Mary brace herself for the next command with dread.

   Al licked his lips and grinned as he barked. 'FULL ASTERN!"

   Mary let out a pitiful squeal as she pulled the throttles back. All of the
little electric motors that were attached to Mary begin to whirl simultaneously.
Mary toes were lifted off the deck by her hair, her breasts and pussy lips were
pulled sideways and her clit was yanked downward. Before the little motor stop
whirling Mary began screaming at the top of her lung and continued to scream as
Al got up from the captain's chair. He walked over to the chart table and
retrieved the bamboo cane that he had used on his daughter's cunt and rump.

   Taking up a position just to the right of the screaming teen Al begin to
slash Mary's rump with the cane, as he growled. "When I say shut the fuck-up, I
mean shut the fuck-up!  I'm going to beat your heinie until you do.

   Mary struggled desperately to control her screaming, but it was over thirty
brutal, welt rising strokes of the cane across her rump before Al was satisfied
with her progress and stopped beating her with the bamboo cane. Hanging by her
hair Mary held her screaming in check while she stifled her sobbing.

   Mary's hair roots, breasts, pussy lips, clit and her inflamed ass all sent
horrific, nerve-racking pain to her mind. Each demanded immediate attention but
the pain signal from her clit screamed its way through her clouded mind the
loudest. Mary wanted to appease her tortured body parts; her hand even trembled
on the smooth polish metal of the throttles in anticipation of returning the
Scorpion's engine throttles to their neutral position. But Mary knew that if the
engine throttles found its way to the neutral position before Al gave his
permission, the pain her body was going through would seem like a picnic in
comparison to pain Al would inflicted upon her young body. So Mary's mind had to
disappoint the tortured parts of her body and tell the trembling hand grasping
the throttle to standby.

   After Al slashed Mary's rump with the bamboo cane he returned it to the
drawer in the chart table. Then he checked the radar for any other ships in the
area. Satisfied that there were no other ships with in fifty miles of the
Scorpion and the Random Access, Al meandered over to coffeepot and drew a cup of
coffee from the urn. Settling back into the captain's chair Al took several sips
of coffee from his mug. Smacking his lips as he admired the view that hung
painfully before him. Calmly he commanded. "ALL STOP!"

   Mary's shaking hand push the throttles back to their neutral position. The
motors whirled and Mary found herself on her toes once again as her grossly
stretched body parts were returned to their taunt state. Mary's hair roots,
rump, breasts, pussy lips, and clit still ached, but they were no longer
screaming. She stood on her toes panting with rivers of sweat streamed down her
body waiting for Al's next command.

   Satisfied that the rigging that Mary was fix to was working properly Al
settled back in the captain's chair and continue to drink his coffee as he watch
the teen in front of him. He briefly glance at his daughter in the monitor then
reaffix his eyes back on Mary's sweat glistening nude form. He sat the coffee
cup down and got up from the chair. His monstrous thirteen-inch long wrist thick
blood engorged cock swung freely as he approached the stretched out teen.

   In the galley Elizabeth was cooking two T-bone steaks that were two inches
thick and a bag of French fries for her uncles. Another steak sat on a plate
next to the griddle for her father. Her body shuddered as yet another orgasm was
teased from her seething pubescent sex box by the consent electrical zaps from
the artificial replication of a male phallus that was stuffing her cunt.

   Sense leaving the bridge her young body had been wrack with four orgasms.
Between wearing the dildos earlier in the day and Mary's thirteen hours of
licking and sucking, Elizabeth had climaxed over fifty times today alone and
before she would be aloud to go to sleep she would have many more orgasms that
would explode, wracking her young body.  Her father and uncles went through
great pains to make sure that their captives' vaginal areas remained dry. They
treated her vaginal area completely opposite. Her sex box was kept constantly
sopping with pussy cream. When she was not being fuck by her father or uncles,
the artificial metallic phallus electrical fingers or one of the captives...
(Normally it was Mary, as she sat on the barrel looking for hours on end into
the radar screen.) ...were teasing the cream out of her,  Whichever method was
use Elizabeth's  sex box was always dripping with cream. Elizabeth was kept as
her Uncle Robert, like to call "Hot to trot!" 

   Elizabeth sighed as she turned the steaks over and shook the fries; she
longed to have a normal fourteen-year-old life. Elizabeth wished that she were
sitting in class at school being bored with the rest of her classmates by a
extremely dull teacher waiting for the last bell to ring so she could take off
for the mall with her friends. But it was not to be. Her life of normalcy flew
out the window when her father's massive thirteen-inch phallus ripped into her
eleven year old virginal vagina for the first time, after he had return from
that trip to San Francisco to avenge her Uncle Robert. How she hated Helen Marsh
and her seven friends, forever changing her father and uncles.

   Then after her mother caught her father, her two uncles and herself
enthralled in an orgy even the pretense of normalcy vanished as her mother and
herself was dragged aboard the Scorpion.

   "Dear God! Mommy! I needs to talk to daddy about mommy."

   Elizabeth knew that her father and uncles had fucked her more times in three
short years then a five-dollar whore has during a lifetime of selling herself.
She could never have a normal life again. No sweet sixteen, coming out party, no
prom night, no first love, no collage parties, no marriage, no children. Twice
the seed one of the three men in her sexual life sparked life to bloom with in
her and twice it had been quashed. Elizabeth would never have any of those
normal things.

   She had grown use to having all three of her holes repeatedly fucked by her
father and uncles. And though the damnable rubber suit with its hard rubber
knobs that chewed at her young nerves that she wore was painful, it was
bearable. The constant teasing of the fake phallus that coaxed orgasm after
orgasm from her or the licking and sucking that kept her sex box "HOT TO TROT!" 
And when she was beaten they were never as bad as the other captives. None of
these things led to a life of normalcy. A snotty rich bitch and her seven
friends ruined her entire life. God; how she hated Helen Marsh.

   Elizabeth cried openly, her tears sizzled as they hit the hot surface of the
griddle that she was cooking her uncles' steaks on. The only thing that the
young fourteen year old girl once known as Elizabeth Alice Anderson, but who was
now only known as Sweet Pea daddy's little sex muffin, had to look forward to
was to fulfilling her father's and uncle's bizarre sexual gratification's.

   Aboard the Random Access Edna was sobbing heavily as darkness descended upon
the two vessels casting eerie shadows. Her shoulder joints were screaming for
release, as she hung from her wrist and her father weight try to pull her down.
Edna watched Frank towing Galley Slut behind him from the galley to the
Scorpion. Like the other three captives that Al led Galley Slut's box was filled
with stuff, all of which came from the supply lockers and the galley.

   The loud slapping of leather on flesh drew Edna's teary eyes towards the
yacht's starboard bridge wing. She watched Robert drive his Barbie Doll down the
bridge ladder with his belt. As the couple reached the yacht's main deck Edna
watch Robert continue to slash Barbie Doll's body with his belt driving her
towards the Scorpion. Edna notice that every squire inch of Barbie Doll's body
except for her face was a deep purple and welts were crisscrossing her body. The
box that hung from Barbie Doll's breasts and pussy lips was also filled to the
brim with stuff from the bridge. As before every fifth step Robert pause his
whipping long enough to kick the tool pouch that hung from Barbie Doll's clit,
then he resumed his slashing with his belt. Edna watched the two disappear as
the yacht's skiff obscure her view of them, as they boarded the Scorpion, but
she still could hear that belt striking Barbie Doll's skin.

   Edna's mouth started to water and her stomach begin to growl as she got a
whiff of cooking meat. Though she had suck nearly two gallons of goat's milk
from Gloria's mammary glands like a baby... (Which barley replaced the fluids
that she had lost through sweating and vomiting.) ...and God knows how much jism
and piss she had suck down her gullet the tortured teen had not had anything to
eat since yesterdays bon voyage dinner in Honolulu. She had skipped breakfast
and opted to drinking just a glass of orange juice. A decision she now
regretted. Now after the most strenuous day of activity that she has ever
performed in her young life she was starving.

   Edna looked over her shoulder and towards Gloria who was still working
diligently on the unconscious form of her mother. Choking back her crying she
squeaked cautiously. "Quack...Gloria, are they going to feed us soon?"

   "I don't think so Edna."  Gloria responded.

   "But Gloria they are cooking over there, I can smell it. They must be getting
ready to feed us."  Whined Edna.

   Gloria looked up at the hanging eighteen-year-old teen. Knowing that this
young girl had never had to go for an extended length of time with out food.
Mournfully Gloria informed the teen. "I'm sorry honey but the food you are
smelling is not for us. It is for the AL and his brothers only."

   "But, Gloria!  When do we eat?  They do feed us. You haven't starved to
death!  So they do feed us."  The teen started crying again.

   "Yes honey, your right they don't let us starve to death. They want us to
live so they can continue to enjoy torturing us. They will keep you hungry all
the time though. At very irregular times they will feed you a sixteen-ounce
bottle of gruel. It consists of cereal filler and some type of raw meat. It
taste awful, but it's the only thing that we are given to eat. The milk that you
sucked from my breasts may be the last good tasting thing you ever receive
again. Except for male spunk and pussy cream if you can develop a taste for it.
You'll get plenty of both. Even the water you drink is disgusting. It's soapy
wastewater that is left over from dish washing and bath water. And you best get
use to eating shit and drinking piss, for they are on your menu too.

   Gone are your days, of three-square-meals a day and fine meals. When will the
feed us I don't know. They won't let you starve you to death, but you will wish
you would die a thousand times over."  Edna let her head fall forward and begin
to sob heavily, while Gloria continued to treat her mother.

   Aboard the Scorpion the girls in the cargo hold also smelled the cooking
meat, as Frank and Robert empty their boxes and stow the stuff. The fragrance of
the cooking meat started their mouths to water and there empty stomachs to
rumble also. But unlike Edna they knew they were not going to get feed any time
soon. After all they had just been feed this morning. Though the meal they had
eaten was neither filling nor lasting, they knew they were never feed twice in
the same day or even in two days in a row. But that did not stop them from
dreaming that the wonderful smell of cooking food wasn't a banquet meant for
them.

   Elizabeth entered the cargo hold carrying a tray contain two six packs of ice
cold beer and two plates that held the T-bone steaks and a mound of steaming
French-fries smothered with ketchup, for Frank and Robert. The hungry captive
girls could not control their drooling, or the rumbling that their stomachs
made. Edna sat the tray up between her uncles and the chain of girls. Frank and
Robert pulled up two empty crates and begun to enjoy there delicious meal in
front of the hungry, salivating girls with rumbling tummies.

   After taking several bites of the steak and a mouth full of fries Frank
washed it down with a swig of ice-cold beer. Smacking his lips He spoke to his
niece. "Very tasty, Sweet Pea. The T-bone is cook just right. It's a rosy pink
on the inside and charred on the outside. It's nice, juicy and tender.

   Now go fix your daddy's meal. When you take it to him bring a zip-lock bag
with you. When daddy is finished eating put the bone, the scraps, and the juices
into the bag then come back here for ours. We are going to give Piglet a treat."

   Elizabeth wasn't sure which one of the new captives Frank was calling
"Piglet" but she knew as the other girls in the cargo hold knew what the treat
was. With sorrow in her heart and a orgasm rippling through her young cunt yet
again, Elizabeth return to the galley to fix her father's meal, leaving her
uncles who were tormenting the hungry captives, as they enjoying there meal in
front of them

   With mirth in his voice Robert chirped. "Aw, Frank will you look at that! 
Barbie Doll and her toys look a tad hungry if you don't mind I would like to
give each of them some nourishment. OK?"

   "Go right a head little brother I don't mind it at all."  Chuckled Frank.

   Robert got up and with a piece of fat in his hand that was dripping stake
juices, went over to the captives Robert wiped each set of dry parched lips with
the dripping piece of fat. After smearing the meat juices across their lips he
stood in front of Helen and sneered. "You, you stuck up bitch gets something
extra then your toys!"  With that Robert punched Barbie Doll squarely in the
nose. Blood rushed down her nose to mix with the meat juice that was smeared
across her lips. Sitting back down he barked. "Lick, Bitches!"

   Four tongues darted out of four mouths and licked eight lips. At the same
time Gumby who no longer had a tongue to lick with sucked on her lips. All in
the cargo hold knew that the brief taste of the steak juice would increased the
hunger pains of the five hungry girls ten fold. After a brief bout of laughter,
both brothers dug into their meals.

   Elizabeth delivered her father's dinner to him and informing him of her Uncle
Frank's wishes. Elizabeth then checked the radarscope for ships in the area.
After announcing that the area was clear she change the battery pack in her
dildo control box.

   "Sweet Pea, start her up!"  Al commanded

   Elizabeth stood next to Mary and grasped the throttle. Opening the throttles
to their start positions caused Mary's toes to be lifted up off the deck by her
hair and her clit to be pulled downward. Elizabeth then pushed the engine start
buttons. As the engines came to life Elizabeth pulled the throttle back to the
neutral position. Which allowed Mary to return to standing on her toes with her
clit stretched taunt.

   "Blow the pipe!"  Roared Al.

   Elizabeth Dropped to her knees and scurried over between her father's legs
and begun sucking and licking his massive thirteen inch phallus as he ate his
T-bone, fries and guzzle down beer.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 25




   Log Entry Number 26:

   bilge pumping 

  

   As darkness descended upon the two vessels the night air was shattered by
Edna's mother screams. Edna whipped her head around and peered into the
darkness. She could barely make out the two forms struggling on the deck behind
her.

   Through her mother's screams Edna could hear Gloria say. "I know that your
breasts hurt terribly, Susan but you mustn't touch them just yet. Please Susan,
calm down. Susan the sharp pain will slowly fade. You must calm down, Susan."

   As she hung by her wrist Edna watch Gloria try to control her screaming
mother's thrashing. Shuddering Edna stared down at her own breasts. They still
showed the marks from the hours of abuse and the alligator clips still savagely
chewed and stretched her tender nipples and force them to point towards each
other and downwards towards her clip clitoris that was being stretched upwards.
Her breasts were wrack with excruciating pain from the bleeding nipples to the
roots, but at less, they were in one peace unlike her mother's.

   Edna nearly climbed out of her skin when the Scorpion's engines roared to
life. She hung there staring at the spot where the Andersons lead the cargo
laden sex slaves aboard the Scorpion.  Edna heard sharp report of bare skin
being hit before she saw Barbie Doll stumble into view. She was being driven by
a thin bamboo cane that Robert was wheeling from atop of Pony Girl with the
remaining three sex slaves being towed by there nipples behind Pony Girl. All of
the sex slaves were still decked out in the bizarre cargo carrying rigging.

   The coffle stopped in front of Edna and Robert dismounted from the back of
Pony Girl. Robert walked behind Edna and kicked her father's shattered arms.
Robert's actions brought low agonizing groans from the unconscious form hanging
from Edna's rump. Robert then walked over to Susan and Gloria and barked,
"QUACK! GET TO YOUR FEET!"

   Gloria scrambled to her well-beaten tenderized feet and laced her fingers
behind her head. She stood there as agonizing pain lanced through the soles of
her feet, waiting for her next command.

   "Quack! What were you told to do?" Robert asked.

   Responding in a clear firm voice, "Robert, My Lord and Master, I am to get
Titless Wonder and Noodles the Faggot back on line and ready for their next work
assignment."

   Robert placed his foot atop Susan's left breast and racked it across the
burnt and scared breast. Susan screamed at the top of her lungs from the pain.
"It sounds like Titless is back on line to me. So why are your still over here
playing with her instead getting that FAGGOT back on line?"

   Gloria knew that she was in serious trouble no mater how she answered so she
just stated the truth. "Robert My Lord and Master, I was trying to stabilize and
comfier her a little more before moving on to Noodles the Faggot."

   Though she saw Robert fist fly towards her Gloria held her position. After
the fist sunk into her stomach Gloria bent forward ever so slightly as air
rushed out of her lungs. Gasping she immediate straightened back up and in short
breathless gasps she sputtered, "Thank you My Lord and Master, Robert. May I
have another?"

   Completely ignoring Gloria's mock platitude and request, Robert grasped her
nipple rings and twisted them as he barked. "I don't recall any mention of
making Titless nice and comfy, did you?"

   Gasping from the pain roaring through her breasts and shortness of breath
Gloria responded to Robert's inquires. "No, Robert My Lord and Master, there
wasn't anything said about making Titless Wonder comfortable. I'm very sorry for
not following my orders. I'll get right over to Noodles the Faggot and get him
back on line right away."

   Robert released his grip on the rings imbedded in Gloria's breasts and
barked, "Bend over, spread them buns and I best not hear a single peep from that
sewage trap of yours!"

   Gloria bent of at the waist and used her hands, to spread her ass cheeks wide
and bit into her lips as she prepared to receive her punishment.

   Robert slashed the cane down the wide spread furrow of her ass. The tip of
the cane land on the tight star shape rose bud at the entrance of her rectum.
After fifteen quick and savagely hard blows Robert grabbed Gloria's clitoris
line and dragged her backwards until she stumbled over James.

   Robert remounted Pony Girl and barked, "QUACK! If I see any slack in your
clit line I'll cut your clit off and stuff it in your mouth and have you chew
it."

   Gloria snapped her legs, strait and locked her knees. He clitoris was
painfully stretched by the line that was tied off to the ring in her clitoris
and the spreader bar that keep her legs spread wide.

   "Quack, your are to remain silent, not even a peep. When you get FAGGOT back
on line you are to stand bent over in front of Piglet and strum that clit line
like a banjo until your are given something else to do." Robert swatted Pony
Girl's breasts with the cane and barked, "BRIDGE!"

   Edna watched the coffle head for the Random Access, bridge while Robert
slashing Barbie Doll with the cane every step of the way. As the coffle entered
the bridge Edna felt the deck beneath her surge as the Scorpion got under way
with the Random Access in tow.

   Edna hung in the moonless, Pacific night listening to her mother withering
and sobbing on the deck next to her. She also herd Gloria working on her
unconscious father hanging from her rump with his drug induce erection planted
deep in her rectum. Suddenly the cool night air was shattered by agonizing
screams when her father regained consciousness. As her father howled and
thrashed from pain Edna thought that her arms were being ripped from their
sockets.

   Edna wined "Please daddy don't move your hurting me." The sobbing teen was
relived when her father did stop thrashing about. Now all three of the Garner's
were awake each suffering from there own nerve-wracking pain in the Pacific
night. Edna watched Gloria step in front of her bend over and begin strumming
her clit line. While Edna hung there by her wrists from the skiff hoist hook
watching Gloria plucking the line that was stretching her clitoris, her father
fired his load of spent up spunk into her bowels. Edna felt her father's prick
soften in her rectum but it remained buried deep in her anal canal by the
sutures that were binding prick and rectum together.

   From the darkness Edna heard a pitiful whimper, "Edna honey are you all
right?"

   "O-dear God mommy I hurt all over especially where daddy's cock is sewed to
my rectum. Please mommy let me down. My shoulders really do hurt. Please mommy
just for a little while.

   "Dear God! I'm so sorry Edna. It's my entirely my fault. I should never
convince your father to let that fiend on board. I am so sorry. Please forgive
me."

   "It's not your fault mommy it was..." Edna's reply was cur short by Frank's
booming voice.

   "Do I hear some toy's violating standing order number seven?  You bitches
shut the fuck up!" Roared Frank. "Quack what are you doing?"

   "Frank My Lord and Master, I'm plucking my clitty line like a banjo as per My
Lord and Master Robert's command."

   "Well you only need one hand to do that use the other to alternately yank on
your breast rings!"

   Moaning Gloria begin to yank hard on her breasts via there rings as she
continue to pluck her clit line.

   Frank unlocked the padlock from Susan and Gloria's spreader bar and barked
"Quack! Backup five feet!"

   Without stopping her plucking and yanking Gloria waddled backwards the
required distance.

   As Frank unlocked the chain that ran between James and Susan he bellowed!
"Pluck and yank harder bitch!" As Gloria complied with Frank's command Frank
went to the hoist control. Sweetly Frank asked, "Would Piglet like to be
lowered?"

   "O-Yes Frank My Lord and Master, I would very much like to be lowered. My
poor shoulders hurt something awful. Please Frank My Lord and Master lower me
down." The young tortured teen begun to spout platitudes as her feet touched the
deck. As the hoist continued to be lowered Edna collapsed towards the deck.
Frank stopped the hoist when the battered teen was resting on her knees.

   "Is that better Piglet?"

   "O-Yes Frank My Lord and Master, thank you very much." Wept Edna.

   Frank grabbed Susan's spreader bar and dragged her in front of Edna. He
unhooked Susan's legs from the spreader bar. He then cut the barb off fishhooks
holding Susan's cunt lips together and slid the hooks out of the lips. Frank
then pealed the tight rubber panties off of Susan. The two long fake cocks made
rude slurping popping sounds as they popped out of her lower holes. Once the
panties were removed Frank rehooked Susan's spreader bar to her ankles then hung
Susan on to the hoist hook with her facing away from her daughter. Frank asked,
"Is our little Piglet hungry?"

   Looking up at Frank mournfully. Yes, My Lord and Master, I am very hungry."
Edna replied.

   Reaching between the two hanging bodies Frank patted the teen's stomach while
he giggled, "What's the matter Piglet your tummy didn't get enough creme, candy
and juice today? Well you'll get much more tomorrow but in the mean time I have
something to tie you over until your next load of cream."

   Opening up a zip lock bag Frank started to pull out pieces of fat, meat and
fries left over from the meals that the Andersons ate from the zip lock bag and
stuffed them into Susan's snatch. Frank then lifted Susan's spreader bar up off
the hoist hook and spun her around so that she was facing her daughter. He then
hooked the spreader bar on the hoist hook. Now mother's cunt rested just under
daughter's nose. Frank poured the meat juices into Susan's cunt and smeared the
over flow in her pussy hair. Frank finished wiping his hand clean in Edna's
hair. "There we go your trough is full. Taste it Piglet!"

   Edna whipped her tongue across her mother pussy and started salivating as the
meat juices coated her tongue. She shuddered at the thought of eating the table
scraps from her mother's pussy but with every thing that had pass through mouth
today and her grumbling stomach she decided to amuse Frank and satisfied her
hunger pains and eat the food out of her mother's snatch.

   Edna was about to plow her face into her mother's cunt when Frank snapped,
"Not yet Piglet! I'll let you know when!" Walking back to the hoist controls
Frank stated, "We all know Piglets stand when feeding so!" Frank pushed the up
button on the hoist control and lifted mother and daughter up until only the
very tip of Edna toes touch the deck. Frank then stepped behind the hanging sex
slaves. Reaching down he grabbed James hair and pulled, twist, and flex James
until James was thrust between his daughter's legs.

   With his hips still strapped to his daughter's hips and his back bent
painfully backwards, and his head sticking through his daughter's legs facing
the deck. Stepping in front of the group Frank wrapped the chain around James's
neck and padlocked in place. Frank then padlock Susan's wrist cuffs to the chain
around James's neck. Frank then tied a line to Susan's hair and rammed a "J"
shape dildo into Susan's rectum. He threaded the line that was tied to Susan's
hair through the eyebolt in the "J" shape dildo. Frank pulled on the line until
Susan's head was pulled back as far as it would go and secure the line.

   Reaching into the zip lock bag, Frank remove two of the three T-bones from
the zip lock bag. He jammed the long end of one of the bones that had a lot of
meat still on it into Edna's left nostril. Next Frank coated the "T" part of the
bone with super glue and set it on the outer right edge of Susan's cunt. Frank
repeated the steps to Edna' right nostril and the left side of Susan's cunt with
another meaty bone and super glued that bone in place also. The last bone that,
had all of the meat, remove from it and sharpen to a fine point was insert with
the long end into Edna's mouth and the "T" end into Susan's cunt. Once the bone
was in Susan's cunt he turned the bone like a key wedging the "T" into the
delicate flesh of Susan's cuntal walls. Lastly he looped a line around Edna's
neck and through the line clinched around Susan's waist after pulling the line
tight trapping Edna's head in place then the line was secured.

   Laughing as he looked at the distorted face of the tormented teen between her
mother's legs, "Bon appetit! Piglet!"

   The dejection youthful teen let out low despondent languishing moan as her
tongue lanced out of her mouth. Her tongue barley brush her mother's cuntal
hairs but she got the full flavor of the meat juices on her taste buds. Every
time she breathed in the teen got a mouth-watering whiff of the food that was
stiffed in her mother's steamy snatch. Edna could neither pull away, do to the
line around her neck. Or get closer, because of the sharpen bone, in her mouth
would spear the back of her throat and ram the bones in her nose deeper. The
succulent food remained out of reach as saliva drooled from her mouth and her
stomach rumbled maddeningly.

   Plow through your trough Piglet. It's the only thing you are going to eat
until you get more cream, candy and juice tomorrow. I best not find my bones
anywhere but where I left them!" Walking back to the hoist controls Frank pushed
the up button lifting the bound and tortured trio until only James's chest was
resting on the deck. "QUACK! Exercise time! Move it!"

   Remaining in her bent over position while continuing to pluck her clit and
yank on her breasts, Gloria waddled towards the Scorpion with Frank following
her. Just before boarding the Scorpion Frank bellowed.

   "You two bitches are already in trouble for violating standing order number
seven so I best not hear a peep out of either three of you. If I do or anyone
lets me know that you three are caught speaking to each other, I'll cut out each
and every one of your fucking tongues out!"

   Edna waved and stretched her tongue trying desperately to snag the single fry
sticking out of her mothers cunt when she herd savage whopping of naked flesh.
She watched Robert's coffle pull up before her.

   "Well, well what do we have here? A Piglet at her feeding trough gobbling
down, a tasty meal of pussy slop." Dismounting Pony Girl, Robert rammed his cane
into Susan's cunt. Pulling the cane out of Susan's cunt. He then pulled the
rubber cock out of Galley Slut's mouth and thrust the cane dripping with meat
juices into Galley Slut's mouth then barked "SUCK!" After sucking the cane clean
Robert yank the cane out of Galley Slut mouth and slash top each of her breasts
five times. Robert then walk up to Barbie Doll and slashed each breast five
times before jamming the cane back into Susan's cunt. Robert repeated the
procedure with Commode Tart, Gumby, Pony Girl and Barbie Doll. However on Barbie
Doll's turn to suck the cane dripping with meat juices clean Robert yanked
Barbie Doll's butt plug out and jammed the cane up Barbie Doll's ass then had
Barbie Doll suck the cane. After the cane was sucked clean not only were Barbie
Doll's breast slashed five times each but she had her cunt slashed twenty-five
times also.

   Remounting Pony Girl, Robert asked, "Don't you agree that Piglet has some
very tasty pussy slop?"

   All of the cargo laden sex slaves answered in unison, "Yes, Robert, My Lord
and Master, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy's pussy slop is very yummy for
her tummy. Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy is very luck to have such a
fine meal."

   As the coffle sang out, Frank reappeared wheeling a four by two-foot box with
a very youthful head sticking out of it. Setting the box in front of Edna. Frank
then locked a training and discipline collar around each of the Garner's necks.
Stepping back Frank spoke to the youthful head sticking out of the box, "Sweet
Pea you are to watch Barbie Doll's new toys if they misbehave or talk push the
button with your chin. You are to hold it down until either your father, Uncle
Robert of myself show up. Understand?"

   Yes, Uncle Frank I understand.

   "Good, good Sweet Pea." Stated Frank as he removed the collar from around
Pony Girl's neck. "Sweet Pea, tap the button very briefly so that the new toys
will know what will happen if they misbehave or talk."

   Elizabeth tapped ever so briefly on the button under her chin. Instantly all
of the sex slaves yelped and jerked with the exception of Pony Girl as they were
jolted with a surge of electricity from there collars. Edna suffered the most
for when she jerked her head it drove the two bones up her nose deeper and the
bone in her mouth to jab the back of her throat. Edna now had blood leaking from
her nose and mouth.

    That is a sample of what each and every one of the toys will receive if
anyone of you misbehaves or talk. Do you three understand?"

   Three meek and mournful voices responded together, "Yes, Frank, My Lord and
Master I understand."

   "Good! Now Sweet Pea you know what will happen to you if you're caught giving
these three any slack?"

   "Yes Uncle Frank. I will have to sit on the horsy with my arms hoisted very
high behind me for an entire day." Responded the head sticking out of the box.

   With the resounding smack across Barbie Doll's blistering shoulders Edna
watch the coffle head towards the Scorpion. Edna attention was drawn back to
Frank as he spoke, "Piglet did your FAGGOT daddy go pop in your poop chute yet?"

   As blood continue to drip from her nose and mouth Edna replied with a nasally
muffled response as she talked around the bone in her mouth. "Yes, Frank, My
Lord and Master my faggot daddy shot his cum up my poop chute."

   "Did you thank the FAGGOT"?

   Feeling a deep flush of humiliation Edna sang, "Thank you, Noodles the
FAGGOT, for using Fuck Central for your, cum deposit in my steamy poop chute. My
best fuck tunnel."

   Edna watched Frank walk behind her. The hanging teen realized what Frank was
up to when she felt her father's cock swell and become hard inside her rectum.
Once again her father had been injected with the accursed milky solution.

   "Sweet Pea, after I'm aboard the Scorpion tell the new toys a bed time story
about the horsy and only the horsy. After you are finish, your story, you are to
remain quit until you are given permission to speak again. Understand?"

   "Yes Uncle Frank. Only the horsy tale."

   Laughing as he remounted Pony Girl and headed for the Scorpion Frank
snickered "Night, night don't let the bed bugs bite!"

   The Garner's first day of torture was over but their first night of restless
agony had just begun.

   Elizabeth didn't think that the three bound people in front of her were in
any shape to listen to her description of the "horsy" but she went ahead and
described it to them anyway. With the fake phallus vibrating in her ass and the
fake phallus sending a tickling charge of electrical current through her cunt
and clitoris, that constantly teased orgasm after orgasm from her young body,
Elizabeth begin describing in a tone that denoted her sexual state, the "horsy".

   "The "horsy" is a sawhorse that comes to a very sharp point at its apex.
Jutting out of the top is a ten-inch metal butt plug that is very thick. A girl
is made to straddle the sawhorse and insert the metal butt plug in her ass. Once
the girl is fully seated upon the metal butt plug her legs are pulled wide apart
in a nearly impossible split. This forces the pussy to gape open with the pussy
lips resting on opposite sides of the sawhorse. Then the girl hands are tied
behind her back and drawn up high. This forces the girl to lean forward until
her clit is resting on the sharp apex of the sawhorse. This position places all
of the girls weight smack dab on the center of her clit and jams the fake butt
plug into the spine. Once the girl is in position hot soapy water is pumped
through the metal butt plug painfully bloating the guts. The longer she sits on
the horsy the more painful it gets. Most girls, screams bloody murder with in
two hours. That is the horsy ride." Elizabeth could tell that her description of
the horsy had an effect on the teenager from the way her eyes were bulging. 

   Though the horsy description was bland compare to Gloria's description of the
exercise cycle Edna still shivered as the image of a girl upon the horsy with
her own body crushing her clit formed in Edna's mind. Edna was stupefied at the
shear number of ways that her young body could be tortured and this was only her
first day in the incubus clutches of the Anderson brothers.

   Though everything that her father and uncles had done to these three hapless
souls was brutally cruel and heartless, Elizabeth thought that what her uncle
Frank had done to the teen was especially mean. Taking someone that is very
hungry and who had never gone hungry before and place the bones so that food
constantly reminded them how hungry they were but far enough away that they
could never have any of the food was truly a hateful thing to do to any person.

   Edna looked at the youthful head sticking out of the box. Thinking to
herself, "This must be Elizabeth Al's fourteen year old daughter that Gloria
spoke of. I wonder what is keeping her in a sexual bliss. It's quite obvious
that the young fourteen-year-old was having orgasm after orgasm within the box
while herself after seventeen years of life as a virgin then having her hymen
rip from her and repeatedly rape in every one of her hole by four cocks, had yet
had have even one orgasm. Edna envied the fourteen year girl sexual bliss.

   As the moonless, Pacific night wore on no one aboard the Random Access got
any sleep. Six times throughout the night Elizabeth nodded off. When her head
droop down onto the button the screams from the bound trio snapped her awake and
she lifted her head up. As a mater of fact the only ones that got any restful
sleep on board the two vessels were the three Anderson brothers who got eight
hours of blissful sleep.

   When Elizabeth nodded off all of the sex slaves aboard both vessels were
treated to a powerful jolt of electricity. Even Al's wife got jolted in her
sewage tank as current roared through the muck she was sitting in. And Helm not
only had to put up with the jolts but also went through the pains inflected upon
her stretched flesh as the vessels course and speed was constantly changed every
fifteen minutes. She even had to put up with her poop chute being reamed out by
one of the brothers through out the night as each took a turn on watch.

   Just before dawn With Frank on the bridge Al woke up and went to the reefer
where the six sex slaves were hanging up side down in their mooring stations.
First he removed the hypodermic needles from Gloria's breast that was pumping
goat milk into them and tightly clamp caps over the nipples to keep the goat
milk trapped in the breasts. Al then released Gloria from her mooring station
and had her apologize twice to the other five suspended sex slaves. After the
apologies were delivered Al cuffed Gloria hands behind her back and bound her
elbows tightly together. He then released Galley Slut from her mooring station
and bound her elbows tightly together. Al then tied a line from Galley Slut's
clit ring to Gloria's clit ring and led the pair out of the reefer by hooking
his index finger in Galley Slut's left nipple ring into the galley where Galley
Slut begin fixing breakfast. While Al was getting breakfast ready Robert helped
Frank moored the Scorpion in the secluded cove. By time breakfast was ready Al's
two brothers joined him in the galley. After breakfast was eaten and washed down
by tasty goat milk that was warmed up by whipping Gloria's breasts, Galley Slut
and Gloria were returned to their mooring stations. Gloria even had her
hypodermic needles reinserted into her breasts to refill them with goat milk for
the next meal. Then Frank and Robert went to the engine room and Al went to the
bridge.

   On the bridge Al had Mary torture her own hair, breasts, cunt lips and
clitoris by the rigging she was fasten in as she work through all of the helm
controls. While the throttle was in full reverse, which held the young teen, up
off the deck by her ponytails and stretched her breasts, cunt lips and clit out
over four inches Al rammed his massive thirteen-inch cock up her ass. After
firing a large load of spunk into Mary's guts Al released her from the helm
rigging and had her lick and suck his cock clean then the large pool of spunk
that had drip from her shitter through out the night. After the deck was clean
Al dragged Mary by her hair to the reefer that was marked in bright red
lettering "HELEN'S TOYBOX" and hung Mary upside down in a mooring station as the
other six sex slaves in the reefer were hanging. 

   After Mary was secured, Al hung two liter bottles filled with dirty soapy
dishwater from each suspended girl's clit. Then he inserted a vinyl tube into
each bottle until it touched the bottom of the bottle. The other end of the
vinyl tube was inserted into each of the captives' mouth. After he had finished
placing the last tube in Gloria's mouth strolled to the reefer entrance. After
turning out the reefer light the only light that penetrated the cold locker was
the light that filtered around Al's massive form from the galley. "DRINK AND
HOLD!" barked Al as he closed the reefer door.

   After plunging the seven hapless, inverted, tautly stretched, hanging victims
as they suck down their dirty, soapy dishwater in total darkness Al went to his
stateroom and went to sleep. The parched sex slaves gulped down the water that
hung from their clits. All knew that the soap in the water would cause them
cramps but their dehydrated bodies screamed for any type of moister. Though each
sex toy had a catheter jammed deep into their urethras. Which led first to there
rectums then to the pipe that led to the sewage tank that Al's wife waddled in,
the "Hold" command from Al meant that each sex slave would have to hold there
urine discharge until they were given permission to relieve themselves.

   In the engine room Frank and Robert removed the deck plating that covered
Steve and Beth. Robert positioned a hoist over Steve and hook Steve's cuffed
wrist that were still attached to the "J" shape dildo embedded in his ass, over
the hoist hook. Frank then pressed the up button on the hoist control and lifted
Steve out of the bilge. Dangling high above the deck of the engine room by his
wrist and the super glued dildo jammed up his ass, Robert spun Steve, while
Frank dragged Beth out of the bilge by her hair to a standing position. As Frank
held Beth erect, Robert looped a cord around each of Steve's balls. He then
threaded the cords to Beth's pussy lip rings. Once the cords were pulled taunt
enough to force Beth on her toes Robert tied the cords off, while Frank replace
the deck plates.

   The hoist that Steve hung from was set in an integral track system that
threaded through the engine room. So when Robert started leading Beth through
the engine room by her clitoris, Beth towed her husband by his balls with her
pussy lips. Robert led her forward between the two engines then around the front
of the port engine then back aft. Robert had no trouble stepping over the port
shaft but with her feet shackled together with six inches of slack and her hands
still super glued to the undersides of her breasts Beth had to squirm and wiggle
over the shaft. Unlike the bathroom she could nether sit or crouch. The
connection between her pussy lips and her husband's balls kept Beth up on her
toes. Robert did let her lean against and use the engine room's aft bulkhead to
step up on to the shaft then back down giving her stretched pussy lips a brief
brake.

   Once Beth was once again between the engines Robert had Beth bend over and
wrap her lips around a pipe jutting out of the bilge and suck up a mouth full of
salty, oily bilge water and swallow it. Then Robert had her fill her mouth up
with more bilge water and had her hold it in her mouth this time. He then pulled
Beth forward between the two engines, around the front of the starboard engine
and back aft. Beth was lead through a open hatch in the aft engine room bulkhead
to a compartment that had several fifty-five gallon drums that line the port
bulkhead. Robert had her lean over one of the drums and spit her mouth full of
bilge water into the drum. Beth was then dragged back into the engine room and
over the starboard shaft to her starting point. Where Beth watch Frank climb up
on the port engine and start fiddling with the hoist that her husband was
hanging from.

   Releasing his grip on her clit then cupping her chin he spoke to the hapless
victim in front of him as tears streamed down her face. "Sweet Cheeks now that
you know the route you are to follow it until you suck the bilge dry. You are to
suck up one mouthful for each circuit you make. You may either drink the bilge
water or deposit it into the drums the choice is yours. But you will suck the
bilge dry. You are to complete each circuit even if you decide to drink the
bilge water. Twisting Beth's head around so that she could see several video
cameras around the engine room your progress will be monitored. If you're caught
deviating from your route or dawdling your dangling twiddle-dee will be cut
off." Robert cooed sweetly "Put it in gear Sweet Cheeks."

   Beth took a step but when the pulley tram didn't move she stop and look at
Robert quizzically whom, was grinning at her evilly.

   Grabbing her clit Robert jerked Beth and the tram forward three steps. He
then let her clit go and viciously slapping both of her breasts back and forth
as he bellowed, "I SAD TO PUT IT IN GEAR!"

    Beth stepped forward this time she pushed and strained with her toes until
the tram creaked forward with her step. Beth realized what Frank had done to the
tram. He had adjusted the brakes on the wheels of the tram so that she had to
strain hard to move it. Her pussy lips and her husband's balls were cruelly and
painfully stretched to their maximum limits in order to over come the resistance
of the friction on the tram wheels.

   Frank and Robert watch the bound couple from the upper level of the engine
room. After Beth completed her first trip in her long painfully laborious task
of bilge pumping Frank barked a single word "FASTER!"

   Beth increased her speed. Midway through her third trip both Anderson bothers
broke out with a roaring belly laugh as both Steve and Beth were jolted by a
surge of electrical current lancing from there butt plugs. Beth nearly lost her
balance.

   Robert giggled as he spoke, "Careful now Sweet Cheeks. Quack is all tied up
right now. So if you fall, you'll be hanging from your cunt lips until the rings
are ripped out. Now put it back into gear before I have to come down there and
move you myself. Then you'll be trotting along at my pace instead of that snails
crawl your doing."

   As Beth plodded ahead, on her bilge-cleaning task Frank gave another task for
Beth to complete, "Sweet Cheeks when your finish sucking the bilge dry you are
to lick the engines clean and you better do a good job of it."

   Frank and Robert watched her complete five more circuits before they too
retired to there state rooms to visit the sandman.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 26




   Log Entry Number 27:

   Servicing the bilge pump

  

   Some time during the night her father fired another load of jism into her ass
and she thanked him for it. Edna still felt the gooey substance seeping out of
her ass. The deflate cock of her father painfully pulled at the tissue that it
was sewn to. The pain that ripped through her, shoulders cause her to be sure
that her arms had popped out of their sockets. Alligator clips were still
chewing her perky long nipples and clit that were being drawn towards each
other. Every nerve in her body screamed out in agony. The slightest movement did
nothing for her except to increase the pain in her shoulders, so Edna just hung
in shear agony trying not to move.

   The abused starving teen had long sense given up trying to retrieve any of
the morsels that was stuffing her mother's pussy only inches away. But the aroma
of eggs and bacon frying that whiff in from the Scorpion on the light Pacific
breeze started her stomach to restart its grumbling, though Edna's dry cottony
mouth no longer watered. Edna renewed her efforts to retrieve the morsels from
her mother cunt. But as before the meaty bones that were stuff up her nose and
the sharp bone that poke at the back of her throat still deny her access to the
food that laid a few mere inches away. In total frustration Edna screamed and
thrashed her legs about.

   As the morning, Pacific sun cracked the darkness it appeared that the entire
sky was drench in blood, which coated the bound Garners. Edna wanted to scream
at the head that was sticking out of the box. Edna could see that the
fourteen-year-old was about to doze off once again. All ready the young girl had
dozed off six times during the long anguishing purgatorial night. Edna
desperately wanted to avoid another surge of nerve rattling current ripping
through her already well-tortured, young body. But knowing if she spoke, Al's
daughter would hold down the button until one of the three Anderson brothers
showed up. Sending a constant current through her body for God knows how long
instead if the brief jolt that was delivered as Elizabeth dozed off. Then Frank
would cut out her parents and her tongues. So Edna braced herself as she watched
the agonizing slow motion of the head sticking out of the box descending towards
the button. 

   "ARGG... OW... OWWW...OWWW... ARGGEEE... Ekkk UUUUHHH! AYEEEE! AAARRGGH!"

   Elizabeth snapped her head up as the screams from the three bound forms in
front of her. She was desperately trying to stay awake to avoid giving these
three lost souls and the other captives any further agony. But her father and
uncles had kept her awake and busy going on seventy-two hours now. The exploding
orgasm after orgasm had also robbed the youthful teen of energy. After the first
two hours of watching the three individuals in front of her the batteries that
drove her dildos went dead. The dog-tired young girl was fighting both fatigue
and boredom as she sat in her watch box. Already she had shock the three poor
souls in front of her and the rest of her father and uncle's sex slaves seven
times so far. The captives on both vessels were zap five more time as the
Pacific, sun reached for its zenith.

   The main thing on Edna's confused young mind was water as the relentless rays
of the harsh Pacific sun baked her skin and robbed her body of  precious
moisture. Beth was watching Elizabeth head begin to droop for the thirteenth
time when she heard Al's voice bellowing.

   "Good afternoon Sweet Pea!"

   Snapping her head up and swing it towards her father Elizabeth replied in a
chirpy voice, Good afternoon daddy. Daddy my battery is dead, I need fresh one."

   Riding up next to his daughter on the back of Pony Girl Al asked his
daughter, "How did your watch go?"

   "Helen's new toys were very good. They did not misbehave or talk all night
long."

   "Are you sure Sweet Pea?" Al asked as he dismounted Pony Girl and opened the
box that his daughter spent the night in.

   "Yes daddy."

   "All right, get out of the box and work the cramps out of your limbs."

   Beth watch Elizabeth wiggled out of the box on wobbly legs. Edna was suddenly
very envious. The young fourteen year old was not bound in any way and she had
on clothing, though it was a small tight fitting bikini it was still something
to cover her private parts up. Edna's envy deepened as she watched the young
clothed girl go through a series of exercises design to work out her cramp and
sore muscles. Her attention was drawn away from the frolicking youngster by the
now all too familiar sound of naked flesh being struck.

   Edna looked towards the Scorpion and saw what she was expecting. Robert was
once again driving Barbie Doll with a cane with the rest of the captive females
in tow. They were all deck out in their cargo hauling rigs, except for Quack who
brought up the rear. Edna notice that Quack's breasts were once again bulging
and her nipple had caps on them. Hanging from her clit ring was a box about the
size of a breadbox that made Quack walk slightly bow-legged. Her cunt had a
strip of duck tape over it.

   There was even one that Edna had not seen before, who was very close to her
own age. She was position second to last just in front of Quack. Frank was
walking behind Quack kicking her in the ass. The coffle came to a halt behind
the watch box that Elizabeth had spent the night in, as Robert punched Barbie
Doll in the gut. Edna watched Robert walk up to her and ram his cane into her
mother's stuffed pussy.

   Robert stirred the cane around in Susan's snatch then pulled it out and
looked at it. "Hey Frank! Piglet didn't touch the yummy food in her trough."
Stated Robert in a tone of total bewilderment.

   That's because we made the mistake of letting Piglet have some candy, cream
and piss juice. Now the stuck up swine doesn't want anything else.

   Stepping behind Edna Al whispered into her ear as he nibbled on it. "Fucktoy,
is that right you are refusing to eat anything but candy, cream and piss juice?"

   Though it was any thing but the truth Edna gave a garbled replied as her
dried cottony mouth spoke around the bone in her mouth with false enthusiasm.
"Yes, Al My Lord and Master, the yummy candy, cream and piss juice that all of
my loving Lords and Masters have given me has spoiled me. I do not want any
other food but my candy, cream and piss juice."

   Well Fucktoy, I think we can oblige you with that request. But you will have
to wait a little while. Is that all right?"

   "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, I can wait a little while for my candy, cream
and piss juice."

   Raking his fingernails harshly down her sunburned back Al Continued whisper
sweetly in her ear while nibbling on it  "That's a good little Fucktoy. For
being so good I'm going to give you something to fill up with to tied you over."

   Edna groaned pitifully to herself as she felt her father's cock expand in her
ass once again. "Thank you Al My Lord and Master for filling me up."

   "Sweet Pea!

   "Yes daddy."

   "Your uncles are waiting for their greeting."

   Yes daddy, I'll do it right away."

   Edna watched as the little fourteen-year old girl struggle out of her bikini
top. When Edna saw the small-inflamed dimples and the deep gorges that capped
her budding breasts that the tight fitting top caused Edna lost some of her envy
towards the petite youngster. Edna then watch Al's daughter Shove her hands into
the waistband of the bikini bottoms. She watch the young girl drag handful after
handful of pussy juice out of the tight fitting bikini bottom and spread it over
her torso as if Elizabeth was giving herself a bath. Once Elizabeth had coated
her torso and face with her own pussy juices she started to peel down the bikini
bottoms. As the bikini bottom was peeled down the slim waist what seem to Edna
to be gallons of pussy cream flood out onto the deck. The rest of Edna's envy
turned to sorrow and Edna gasped as Al's daughter continued to pull the bikini
bottoms down.

   Though the entire bottom of the young girl was also inflamed with tiny
dimples what made Edna gasp were the long and thick metal cocks that slid out of
the young girl's cunt and ass. Both were just two inches shorter then Al's cock
but the both were just as thick as Al's. Edna couldn't believe it. The petite
girl toped out at four feet eight inches and her waist couldn't be over eighteen
inches. But the young petite girl had manage to take two mammoth unyielding
metal cocks to the hilt in both of her lower holes. Edna then watched the
fourteen-year-old crotch down and give herself a bath with her own cunt juices.

   With cunt cream dripping from her body and cunt Elizabeth walked over to
Frank and sang chirply. "Good afternoon Uncle Frank which of my holes do you
wish to use on this fine afternoon or would you rather lick my cream?"

   Sitting down on one of the deck chairs Frank responded to his niece. "Hole
one Sweet Pea."

   Edna watched the young girl climb up on her uncle's lap insert his cock in
her cunt and begin bouncing up and down.

   While Elizabeth road her Uncle Frank's cock, her father unhook Quack from the
end of the coffle and led her over to where the deck chairs were. Sitting down
in the vacant deck chair Al yank the box between Quack legs forward and open it.

   Edna watched Al remove two items. One was a leather strop and the second was
a large sandwich. Then Al had Quack kneel between the chairs. After taking
several bites from the sandwich Al slashed Quack's left breast hard with the
leather strop five times. He then yank the cap off of the nipple of the breast
he, just slashed and started to suck it.

   Edna realized that she was witnessing one of Quack's punishments, which she
had caused when she didn't suck all of the milk out of Quack's breasts. Even
after two chances.

   While one of his brothers was eating lunch and sucking milk from Quack's
breasts and his other brother reaming his niece's cunt Robert decided to amuse
himself with the coffle. He went to each of the sex slaves and removed the
rubber cocks that were down their throats. "Are you sluts hungry?"

   In unison the coffle chirped, "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master, I am hungry."

   Starting with Pony Girl who was standing on her own, Robert went through the
same steps that he did last night. After ramming the cane in Susan's cunt he
inserted into Pony Girl mouth, allowing her to suck the juices off the cane.
Then Robert delivered five slashes across her breasts. After walking up to
Barbie Doll he delivered five slashes across Barbie Doll's breasts. Robert then
fed Helm with the dripping cane. Although she was not present at last night
feeding Helm sucked and licked the cane in her mouth like a pro. She was
rewarded for her effort by five brutal slashes across each of her breasts.
Robert worked up the line. After feeding Barbie Doll and giving her twenty-five
slashes across her cunt Robert return to the end of the line and repeated the
feeding.

   In the middle of third round of feeding as Gumby was sucking the cane he
heard his niece. "Good afternoon Uncle Robert which of my holes do you wish to
use on this fine afternoon or would you rather lick my cream?"

   With out breaking his rhythm as he slashed Gumby's breasts Robert barked,
"SUCK!" Elizabeth dropped to her knees and started sucking her Uncle Robert's
cock. After finishing the third run with the finial twenty-five whacks across
Barbie Doll's cunt, Robert asked, "Enjoy your lunch sluts?"

   "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master, it was a very fine and tasty lunch. Thank
you very much." Rang out the unified voices of the sex slaves.

   Robert then walk to the deck chair that Al had vacated. Elizabeth remained on
her knees with her lips locked around her uncle's cock sucking and licking, with
every step that her uncle took. After sitting down Robert took out two
sandwiches and joined his brother for lunch. While her uncles shared the milk
dispenser Elizabeth continue to give her Uncle Robert a class "A" blowjob.

   "Did you bitches get enough to eat?" Boomed Al.

   Though the only thing that sucking a few drops of meat juice off of Robert's
cane did was to make their hunger pains stab at their guts with grater voracity
the coffle chirped in unison. "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master, my tummy is
completely full from the scrumptious lunch that My Lord and Master Robert gave
me to eat."

   "Good!" Al reinserted the dildos back in the sex slaves mouths and resealed
them in place with duct tape he also popped Barbie Doll's butt plug back into
her ass. Al then barked a single word. "DRINK!"

   Edna watched in horror as all seven of the sex slaves begin to piss. She
watched yellow liquid flush through seven plastic tubes to disappear into seven
asses. Then brown liquid race through seven more tubes to seven mouths. Edna
watch seven throats flex as each member of the coffle swallowed their own shit
and piss cocktail.

   Edna's attention was shifted from the gulping sex slaves to Al as he spoke
softly to her. "Fucktoy, I know that snotty rich bitches like to join clubs and
shit like that. So do you belong to some type of cherry saving club?"

   Edna looked at Al with a quizzical look plastered across her face.

   Al reached between mother and daughter and tightly grasped Edna's breasts
then twisting them. "Fucktoy! I asked if you were part of a cherry saving club.
That keeps nasty twats pristine for some shit head reason like marriage?"

   With fiery pain ripping through her breasts Edna gasped as she spoke with a
dry cottony rasping voice around the bone in her mouth. "Yes, My Lord and
Master, I'm a member of Young Christian for Sexual Abstinence."

   "Do you know any of these professional cherries here in Hawaii? Asked Al as
he released Edna's breasts and begin stroking her hair.

   "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, I know about a dozen or so in Honolulu, Pearl
City and Kahului."

   "And does our little Fucktoy know how to get a hold of these pro cherries?"

   "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, I have their names and addresses in my..." Edna
shuddered as she watch a evil grin spread across Al face.

   Thumping his index fingers on Edna's eyes Al asked where are these pro
cherries address at?"

   Wincing from the pain that shot through her eyes Edna stuttered around the
bone in her dry mouth "In my address book, Al My Lord and Master."

   Al released Susan's wrist from the chain around her husband's neck then he
undid the line that keep Edna's head trapped over her mother's cunt. However as
Al walked over to rear of the coffle, Edna kept her head in the same position.

   Edna watched Al unclip the nipple lines of the new girl at the end of the
coffle from Galley Slut's nipples and lead her over to Pony Girl. After
attaching Helm to Pony Girl Al remounted Pony Girl. Al coaxed his mount in front
of the Garners. "Fucktoy look at me!"

   The two bones that were stuffed up Edna's nose and the one in her mouth were
pulled from their holes as the hanging teen groggily lifted her head up to look
up at Al. She watched him reach over to her bloated purple hands and cut the
cord that held her suspended from the hoist hook. Edna crumpled to the deck in a
heap.

   "Get to your feet and haul your buns to your room!" snapped Al

   Groaning and moaning on the deck Edna looked up pleading at the towering man
who was sitting on the back of the tall Amazonian belle.

   "FUCKTOY! If you aren't up on your feet and pumping them hamhocks I'll insert
the throttle up your nasty twat and gas you there at full throttle! So move it,
NOW FUCKTOY!" Al roared.

   Groaning deeply Edna first dragged herself to all fours, then to her knees
and finally up onto her feet. With thigh and calf muscles screaming Edna plodded
towards her stateroom dragging her father from her rump every step of the way,
with Al following her atop Pony Girl and the new girl being lead by her nipples
behind Pony Girl.

   "HALT!' Bellowed Al. The little group that was heading for Edna's stateroom
stopped right in front of Frank, Robert, Gloria and Elizabeth. "Sweet Pea!" 

   "Yes daddy." Responded the fourteen-year-old who was sitting on the deck with
her legs spread wide masturbating in front of her uncles.

   "Do you have something for Fucktoy?" ask the young girl's father.

   "Yes daddy I saved Uncle Frank and Uncle Robert's cream and they brought some
candy for her." Replied Elizabeth.

   "Well!" scowled Al.

   The young moppet sprang up off the deck. She picked up a small cup and held
it to Edna's lips. Edna open her parched lips and let the pubescent teen pour
the sperm that it held in to her dry mouth. After Edna swallowed the male spunk
Elizabeth place the cup on the table between the deck chairs, She then reached
in Pony Girl's cargo box and took out a two quart plastic storage container.
Elizabeth opened the container right under Edna's nose. The raw earthy smell of
shit assaulted Edna's nose.  

   There's your candy Fucktoy. EAT IT!" roared Al.

   Elizabeth scooped her hand into the container of shit and inserted the waste
into Edna's mouth. Instantly Edna started chewing the fecal mater.

   Before Elizabeth scooped a second hand full of shit from the container, her
father cooed. "Sweet Pea, your meal is inside Quack's twat. Hand Fucktoy her
candy and go eat your meal. Fucktoy! You are to chew each handful of candy
thirty times before you swallow it."

   Edna watched Elizabeth kneel in front of Gloria as she scooped another
handful of shit into her mouth and begin chewing it. As she chew Edna watched
Elizabeth rip the duct tape off Gloria's pussy. Elizabeth then inserted her
coned fingers into Gloria's cunt and withdrew a reddish-white paste with small
green and purple balls in it.

   Before Elizabeth had a chance to place the paste in her mouth Robert smacked
her on the back of the head and bellowed "Sweet Pea tell Piglet what you are
eating."

   "Piglet I am eating bananas, oranges, strawberries, and red and green grapes
mashed into a paste and stored in Quacks twat for me to eat." Elizabeth sang.

   Edna groan with pure misery as she scooped, chewed then swallow handful after
handful of shit paste, while the fourteen-year-old did the same with a paste of
fruit. After both girls finished eating there respective paste Elizabeth got up
and took a two liter soda bottle out of Pony Girl's cargo box and exchange the
empty shit container with the full soda bottle.

   "DRINK ALL OF IT, FUCKTOY!" Growled Al.

   Edna uncapped the soda bottle, raised it to her parched lips and gulped down
its contents. What Edna gulped down her gullet from the two-liter soda bottle
was neither soda nor water. What the soda bottle contained was piss.

   While Edna gulped down piss Al cooed to his daughter, "Sweet Pea, get dress
bottom only. After you start refilling the milk dispenser, you are to go to the
engine room and give the bulge cleaner some water then you may sleep until
supper time."

   Edna watched with a sorrowful heart as the young moppet reinserted the two
massive metal dildos back into her cunt and ass as she put the bikini bottom
back on. She then recapped Gloria's nipples.

   "On your feet Quack, and follow me." Chirped Elizabeth as she placed her
bikini top into the box hanging from Gloria's clit.

   "Yes My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress." Responded Gloria as she struggled
to her feet.

   Edna watched the pair head for the Scorpion just before stepping on to the
Andersons vessel Robert's voice boomed out, "SWEET PEA!"

   Elizabeth spun around, drop to the deck on wide spread knees, clasped her
hands behind her head, and chirped, "Yes, Uncle Robert."

   "Install Quack in the number one station. Save Quack's piss juice for Piglet.
Add lots of extra flavor to the water you take to the engine room. Bilge Rat is
to drink every drop. Every time she refuses to drink or if she spits any out you
are to jam five chart pins into each of her boobies until she does. Leave
whatever pins you stick in I want to see how you place them. You are not to
speak or make any sound in the engine room or Helen's Toybox. After Bilge Rat
finish drinking you are to restart her on her task by pulling on the start tab
dangling between her legs. Understand. Sweet Pea?"

   "Yes Uncle Robert, I understand.

   "Then put it in to gear, Sweet Pea."

   Elizabeth scrambled up off her knees and proceeded to carry out her orders.
In the reefer that was marked Helen's Toybox in blood red lettering, Elizabeth
had Gloria sit on the deck under the hoist marked with the number one. Elizabeth
clipped the hoist hook to the spreader bar that kept Gloria's legs spread wide
and hoisted Gloria up by her feet. Then one at a time Elizabeth unhooked
Gloria's wrists from her collar and rehooked them to the eyebolts imbedded in
the reefer's deck. Once the wrist were secured Elizabeth hoisted Gloria's feet
higher until Gloria was stretched very taunt then Elizabeth left the reefer.

   Even though Gloria out class Elizabeth in both weight and strength and could
have easily over powered the young teen, the procedures that Elizabeth followed
to hang Gloria and any of the other captives left it virtually impossible to
fight even if they wanted to. It made it very easy for the fourteen-year-old to
handle victims that were two to three time her age like babies.

   Gloria watched Al's daughter leave the reefer, knowing what the teen had left
for. Gloria sighed heavily and shuddered as she watch Elizabeth rolled the
squeaky cart that held the two gallons of cold goat's milk into the reefer.
Twice already today her breasts had been painfully filled near their bursting
points with the goat's milk. Now her breasts would be filled for a third time on
this first day of at less a solid week of being the Scorpion's milk dispenser.
"Aaarrrgggeee!"

   Both girls stared at the little speaker in the corner of the reefer when
Gloria yelped when Elizabeth inserted a needle into Gloria's left breast. Though
both knew that the Anderson brothers were busy aboard the Random Access they
waited for a scolding voice to boom from the speaker. After a few minutes of
intense staring at the little speaker Elizabeth held her index finger up to her
lips as she turn back towards Gloria.

   Understanding that the young teen wanted her to remain quite Gloria bit her
lips as a needle penetrated her right nipple. Gloria felt the bone chilling
liquid being pumped into her breasts as Elizabeth untied the box that held the
sandwiches from her clit ring and replace it with a empty two liter soda bottle.
Gloria winced as the young teen inserted a catheter deep into her piss canal and
placed the other end in to the soda bottle. Gloria knew that she could now piss
but was determine to hold back from pissing as long as possible. For when she
did piss her clitoris would be stretched as the weight of the soda bottle
hanging from her clitoris increase as her piss filled it. "Yes she would hold
her piss as long as possible." Thought Gloria, as she was plunged into total
darkness upon the closing of the large reefer door. 

   In the galley Elizabeth filled another two liter soda bottle a third of the
way up with antibacterial dish soap then filled the other two thirds with dirty
water. After capping it she shook the bottle as she made her way to the
Scorpion's engine room. As Elizabeth cracked open the engine room hatch she was
greeted by howls of pain and anguish from both male and female voices. On the
upper level of the engine room Elizabeth retrieved a box of chart pins and tuck
the box into the back of her bikini briefs, she then proceeded down ladder to
the lower level and waited in the spot where Beth had started her bilge cleaning
duties from. Elizabeth watched the hapless tortured older female that was at
less twice her age struggle over the port shaft then lean over the tube coming
out of the deck and suck up a mouth full of bilge water. Elizabeth placed the
box of pins atop the port engine intake manifold and opened it.

   Beth was in relentless, merciless pain. From her screaming shoulders, do to
the way her elbows had been drawn together to her twitching calf muscles. As she
was force to remain on her toes by the tautness of the cord between her husbands
testis and her pussy lips. Her pussy lips cast off the severest of the
purgatorial pains, as it was pulled and stretched as she pulled her husband by
his testis. So Beth didn't notice that a third entity was in the engine room
until she plodded into Elizabeth.

   At first Beth was startled by the seminude young teen. Then her flesh burst
out in a rosy pink as she realize that a pubescent girl was observing her
bizarre lewdly trust up body. Beth glanced from her purple throbbing ballooned
breasts to the inflamed dimpled budding breasts of the young girl standing
forlornly in front of her. Beth started to walk around the young girl but was
stop when the young girl grabbed her upper arm and jerked her back.

   Beth watched with bewilderment as the young girl made several hard swallowing
motions. Beth was startled when the young girl stomped her foot down on deck
causing the loose deck plates to rattle, then pointed at Beth then at her own
throat and swallow hard. Beth realized that this young girl's mimed motions were
telling her to swallow the bilge water in her mouth.

   After swallowing the muck in her mouth the human bilge pump begin to beg
desperately to be released from her torturous predicament. However Elizabeth had
heard each and every pled before from the numerous other victims that her father
and uncles had tortured in the past three years. So as in the past Elizabeth did
what she all ways did when she wanted one if the other victims to remain quit.

   As Beth pleaded with the young girl in front of her she watched her raised
her index finger to her lips then point at the video cameras in the engine room.
Beth stopped her pleading in mid sentence and shook to the core as she glared at
the video cameras. When the young girl tap her on the shoulder Beth shifted her
gaze from the video cameras back to the petite young girl before her and watch
her uncapped a two liter soda bottle.

   Beth could see the suds that formed atop of the water in the bottle as it was
held up to her lips. Remembering how the soapy water that she drank before Frank
and Robert abducted her from her home had made her stomach cramp horribly. She
had spent hours rolling and squirming in the bilge in total torment as wave
after wave of cramps ripped through her guts.  Beth wasn't sure that she could
remain on her toes if she was to suffer another wave of agonizing cramps so with
regret she shook her head in a negative fashion at the young girl that held the
bottle of soapy water to her lips.

   Beth watched the young girl recap the bottle of soapy water and place the
bottle on the deck. When the young girl stood back up she firmly grasped Beth's
left arm with her left hand while she picked up one of the chart pins in her
right. Beth howled and hopped from toes to toes as her breasts were jabbed with
pins. When the assault on her breasts was over Beth's breasts were adorn with
multicolor pin caps that formed two small "Vs" on each of her breasts. This time
when the young girl held the bottle of soapy water up to her lips Beth greedily
drank the stuff down. As she gulped some of the soapy water leaked out from the
corners of her mouth to splash down onto the deck plates. The young girl pulled
the bottle from Beth's lips and jab more pins into Beth's, ballooned breasts
expanding on the "Vs". When for the third time the bottle was held up to Beth's,
lips she locked her lips around the bottle. Beth gulped down the rest of the
soapy water without letting another drop escape.

   Elizabeth shuddered and unconsciously rubbed her rubber-covered pussy as she
looked between the legs of the women in front of her to what should have been a
little pink moist clitoris hiding in the folds of its sheath. What Elizabeth saw
instead was a long blacken dry dangling hunk of flesh. The clit was very cold to
the touch as Elizabeth wrapped her dainty hand around the destroyed organ.
Stepping to one side Elizabeth yanked hard on the cold dry clitoris.

   Beth yelped as the young girl yanked on her clitoris, sending a sharp
stabbing pain shooting from the root of the clit straight up her spine to
explode behind her eyes. Beth groaned deeply and took a short hobbled step
forward, follower by another and another. Beth cried out in agony as her pussy
lips were stretched backwards as she strained to over come the friction of the
tram via her husband's balls. As Beth rounded the front of the starboard engine
towards the fifty-five gallon drums she glanced down at her ballooned breasts at
the multicolored pins imbedded in them. She was hopping that the horrid little
girl would pull them out after she finished drinking the soapy water. But when
the hateful girl yanked on her clit, sending a clear massage to once again start
her bilge-cleaning task. Beth realized that she would have to endure the pain of
the pins in her tit flesh along with all of the other pains she was already
enduring.

   After recapping the empty bottle and tucking the box of pins back into her
bikini briefs Elizabeth watch the bound couple complete one circuit then exit
the engine room for her fathers stateroom. Elizabeth climbed into his bunk,
locked a shackle around her left ankle and plugged her dildos control box into
the ships power supply. Once the dildos sprang to life Elizabeth curled up in a
small ball at the foot of her father's bunk. The exhausted fourteen-year-old was
fast asleep before the dildo tickling her pussy cause it to exploded with its
first sleep period climax, while Gloria, Beth and James screamed out in pure
agony from their torment.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 27




   Log Entry Number: 28

   Preparing the engines for salvaging

  

   Edna was watching Al's daughter lead Gloria towards the Scorpion when Al's
booming voice startled her.

   "FUCKTOY! Your room now!"

   Edna Plodded wearily towards her stateroom dragging her father whom was
impaling her rectum. Al followed her riding atop of Pony Girl. In her stateroom
Al Barked.

   "Well Fucktoy where's this address book?"

   Though the room was in shambles from Al's previous search she saw the bright
green colored address book on the deck next to her dresser. Edna scrambled to it
and retrieved it. She then presented it to Al.

   Al's response was to slap Edna in her face, which sent the teen sprawling
backwards atop her father. "Fucktoy! Get off your lazy ass and show me those pro
cherries!"

   Edna struggled to her feet and began to go through the address book showing
him the names of her friends who were members in the Young Christians for Sexual
Abstinence in Hawaii. After showing him the fifth name Edna yelped as Al lashed
down with the riding crop in his hand across her sunburned back and bellowed.

   "Fucktoy! You got any pictures of these pro cherries?"

   Stuttering Edna responded, Yes, Al My Lord and Master. I have some pict..."

   "WELL!"

   Edna look on top of her night stand where she had place the photo album of
her friends that were taken at a church picnic just last week. Not seeing it
there she begun desperately to search the room for the album. While she was
searching Al voice boomed.

   "Fucktoy! Where are your dirty clothes at?"

   "They are in a hamper in the bathro... Aaarrrggg! The head Al My Lord and
Master. MY dirty clothes are in the head." Edna gasped as Al slashed her
sunburned back again.

   "Helm! Go get Fucktoy a hat!"

   The new girl that Al had called Helm move towards the small head, while she
continued to search for the photo album. Edna was puzzled by Al's command. She
had no hats at all much less one in the dirty clothes hamper.  Edna found the
photo album under her bunk. After retrieving it she opened it to the first page
and presented it to Al.

   Al glanced at it briefly then barked, "Fucktoy place both the Address book
and photo album in Pony Girl's cargo box then go stand in front of Helm and put
your hat on.

   Edna complied with Al's orders. Edna groan deeply as she stood in front of
the teen Al called Helm. Hanging from Helms teeth was a pair of her soiled
panties. With shaky hands Edna fitted the soiled panties over her head like a
hat. Once again she was looking out between the leg openings of a pair of
panties while the soiled crotch piece was draped over her nose. Every time Edna
breathed in she got a strong musty, sour odor assaulting her nose.

   Once Edna's hat was properly fitted on her head Al bellowed, "GALLEY". Once
the small group  was in the galley Al barked, "Fucktoy! Seeing you eat all of
that yummy candy has gotten me in the mood to have something sweet to eat also.
Get me the rest of the pie and milk from the reefer.

   The shit that she eaten was still churning in her stomach was anything but
sweet and delicious. Edna's mouth watered as she took out the apple pie and milk
then handed them to Al, who sat atop of Pony Girl.

   As Al munched on the pie he barked, "Match the pro-cherry mugs with there
location."

   Edna took the address book and photo album to the counter and started filling
out the name and address of her friends on the back of their photos, while Al
ate and drank.

   When Al finished the pie and milk he Frisbee the pie pan at Edna's head and
barked, "Speed it up Fucktoy!" Al finished off the milk then wiped his hands in
Pony Girl's hair.

   "Al My Lord and Master, I'm Finished addressing the photos." Squeaked Edna.

   "Give me the addressed photos then put the rest of the stuff in Pony Girl
cargo box." Snapped Al. While Al looked through the photos that Edna gave him he
growled, "Main deck!" the little band head out of the galley.

   The first thing Edna notice when she exited the galley was that the yacht's
skiff was no longer aboard and both engine covers had been removed. Her mother
was hanging upside down from the hoist trunk her legs still spread wide by the
spreader bar. Edna watch Frank and Robert set up a two seven foot poles five
feet apart, then carry her mother over to the pole and hung her upside down from
them. Then Robert peeled the rubber halter off of her mother. Susan screamed as
the halter was dragged across her burnt and scared breasts. Edna watched her now
nude mother twist and turn in pain as she hung from her ankles.

   Suddenly Al foot slamming into the middle of Edna's back, thrusting her
forward. Edna fell on top of the port engine. First her father fell atop of her
then he slid down between the engines dragging Edna with him. Both father and
daughter screamed as they hit the deck. As they lay gasping Helm fell on top of
them.

   "You bitches get to your feet pronto!" snapped Al.

   First Mary struggled off of the people underneath her to stand next to the
engine room ladder. Then Edna struggled to her feet to stand in front of the
teen she knew as Helm.

   "Fucktoy, you will find some tools in the pouch hanging from Helm's
twiddle-dee. You are to use them to disconnect all the fittings from the
engines. Then disconnect the engines from the shafts and mounts. You are to
place all fittings bolts, nuts, screws and any other part you remove into Helm's
cargo box. Helm! You are not to aid Fucktoy in any way!" Growled Al.

   Edna had never done any type of mechanical work before; she was at a total
loss as what to do as she looked at the port engine wondering what to do first.

    "FUCKTOY! If you don't start working I'm going to jam that throttle up your
twat and haul you out of there by it. Then I'm going to directorate your skin
like Bobby has done to Barbie Doll!" Roared Al.

   Edna grabbed a screwdriver and crescent wrench from Helm's tool pouch and
started undoing the exhaust bellows from the port engine exhaust manifold. When
she finished disconnecting the bellows Al roared at her.

   "Fucktoy! Climb up on top of the port engine!"

   Edna had to use every ounce of energy she had to climb up on the engine while
hauling her father behind her. Her father howled and shook violently as his
shattered arms flopped around as Edna climbed up onto the engine.

   "Fucktoy! Do you see that large blue line with the yellow end running up the
center of the engine?"

   "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, I see it." Squeaked Edna.

    "You'll need a 7/8 inch wrench to disconnect it. Climb down and get one from
Helms tool pouch then climb back up and disconnect that hose."

   By the time Edna had climbed down off the engine retrieved the 7/8 inch
wrench then climbed back up on the port engine, she notice that the three
Anderson brothers and the rest of the captives except for her mother were
standing around the opening of the port engine. Edna knew something dreadful was
about to happen to her from the way the three brothers were grinning down at
her. Edna wasn't disappointed, for as she loosen the fitting on the hose diesel
fuel started to spay out of the fitting drenching the teen with the fuel. Her
eyes burned as the volatile stuff got into her eyes. She herd the three men
above her roar with laughter as she continue to back the hose fitting off the
engine. The oily liquid made keeping her balance atop of the engine impossible
and she slipped and fell back between the engines atop of her father.

   As she laid there gasping Al controlled his laughter long enough to bark out,
"Fucktoy! Get off your lazy ass and close that yellow valve on the aft bulkhead
behind the port engine before you loose all of the fuel."

   Edna scrambled to the back of the engine compartment and secured the port
fuel valve.

   "The one on the starboard side also, Fucktoy!"

   After Edna closed the starboard fuel valve Al barked "Turn that dark green
handle coming out of the sea chest, so you won't flood the engine room, you
stupid fucking bitch!"

   Edna saw the handle that Al described and close the sea chest, valve. Though
she had no idea as what the valve did or how she would flood the engine room
with seawater if she didn't close the valve. 

   "Fucktoy! Get back on top of the engine and finish disconnecting the fuel
line."

   The slippery fuel oil made it extremely difficult to climb back up and remain
on top of the engine. But by grasping a hold of the lifting eye-bolt in the
center of the engine with her right hand, Edna manage to remove the fuel hose
from the engine with her left hand. When She got the hose off she looked up to
find out what Al wanted her to do next, but he wasn't there.

   Edna looked back down at the engine beneath her. Seeing the throttle linkage
needed a much smaller wrench. Groaning she climbed down the engine and swapped
wrenches then climbed back up to disconnect the throttle control. Edna worked
through out the day removing every thing that was attached to the port engine.
Her work was interrupted constantly by one of the three brothers as they fed her
load after load of cream and added more of their usage brands to her chest.

   As the sunset, floodlights from the Scorpion flooded the Random Access as
Edna continued to work. Her stomach, begin to rumble as she smelled stakes
cooking again. When she finished removing all of the fitting and attachments on
the port engine, Edna look over towards her inverted mother that had a snatch
full of table scraps and groaned as she moved over to the Starboard engine and
got back to work.

   A short while latter the one called Galley Slut stepped into the engine room
with a plastic container full of shit and a two-liter bottle filled with piss.
Galley Slut waited silently as Edna ate the shit and drank the piss. After her
evening meal Galley Slut retrieved the container and bottle as Edna got back to
work.

   Around, ten o-clock Al and Frank showed up and had Edna crawl out of the
engine room and walk over to her mother. While Al fitted steel wrist cuffs to
her wrist Frank stuff more, table scraps into her mother's cunt and pour the
juice over it. Then the two men rigged the bound trio, as they were setup the
night before. Once again Edna was denied access to the morsels that were
stuffing her mothers cunt as she hung by her wrist, while the fourteen-year-old
moppet who was in her box watched Edna and her parents.

   Down in the Scorpion's engine room Robert laughed at Beth as she licked oil
off the port engine. "Finish sucking the bulge dry, Sweet Cheeks?"

   "Yes Robert when I could no longer suck any more water from the bulge I
started to lick the engines as I was told to do."

   "Well they look very nice but look at the mess you made on the deck."

   Beth look down at the deck and saw a trail of splattered blood droplets that
leaked from her torn pussy lips as she dragged her husband on her bilge cleaning
route. "I'm sorry Robert I didn't mean to make such a mess. I'm very sorry."

   "Well you best clean my deck plate with your tongue, NOW!"

   Beth bent over at the waist as far as she could but with the cord keeping her
on her toes she could not get low enough to the deck to lick her blood droplets
off of them.

   "Sweet Cheeks! I gave you something to do or would you rather have your ass
buzzed."

   "Please don't Robert! I'm trying to lick the deck plates clean but I can't
reach them the way you have me tied up. Please don't shock me, Please Robert!"

   Robert squatted behind Beth and stroked her rump gently as he cooed, "Sweet
Cheeks, you don't seem to understand.  When you are given a task to do you are
to do it. No mater what your own discomfort may be. Take this job for an
example. I told you to clean the deck plate and here you stand there pretending
that you can't reach them. But I know differently." Robert grasped the short
length of chain that held Beth ankles together and jerked it up.

   As her feet were yanked upwards Beth face plummeted downwards until it
smashed into the deck plate. The pivot point was her stretch pussy lips. The
engine room filled with both male and female howls as Beth hung from her
husband's testis by her pussy lips.

   Over the howling couple Robert bellowed, "See you can reach the deck. Now
start licking or you'll hang there all night with your ass buzzing."

   Through a cloudy haze of pain Beth lanced out her tongue and lapped up her
blood.  As she lapped she felt her body being lowered. When her knees rested on
the deck the lowering of her body stopped. Beth pussy lips were still stretch
taunt but at less her knees, instead of her pussy lips, now supported her body
weight.

   Robert tied Beth's pinkie toes to her dangling clit, as he spoke to her, "Now
that we establish that you can reach the deck plates, you are to crawl forward
and clean every drop of your blood off the deck. You are not to stop until the
plates, shine nor are you to get off your knees. Now move it Bitch!" As Robert
stood he kick her in her rump.

   Beth felt blood run down her thighs from her torn pussy lips to splatter on
the deck between her legs as she lick up the blood in front of her. Beth sobbed
heavily as she crawl forward knowing that no mater how much of her own blood she
lapped up in front of her, a new trail would be laid down on the deck plates
behind her. She wanted to tell Robert that it was impossible for her to
completely clean her blood off the deck. But she didn't want to be hung from her
pussy lips again or have electrical current flow through her body so she
remained silent as she crawled forward licking up her own blood.

   As Beth crawled forward, Robert grab Steve's hair and jerked his head
backwards and in a calm voice ask. "Well Steve old boy what do you think of my
seafaring talent now?"

   Grunting through clenched teeth as his body was wrack with pain, from his
shattered knees, his bound and stretched testicles, his trust up phallus, the
steel phallus glued in his rectum that his bound hands were secured to as he
hung from the tram hoist hook. "I think you are a superb seamen Robert."

   What do you think of my ability of delegating job assignments?"

   "There superb Robert." Remarked Steve as he grunted with pain as his wife
pulled him backward by his testis.

   "Now don't you feel silly for calling me a know nothing beach combing
gigolo?"

   "Yes Robert, I'm very sorry for inferring that you weren't anything but a
gigolo."

   "That's all right Steve, it gave Sweet Cheeks here a chance to see what your
life at sea is like. Isn't that right Sweet Cheeks?" Robert asked as he kicked
Beth in the ass.

   Beth stopped licking the deck long enough to answer Robert. "Yes Robert I
very grateful for showing me what life at sea is like. Thank you very much."
Then she resumed licking up her blood off the deck.

   Robert left the couple to there misery. Beth wanted to scream vile curses at
her husband for plunging her into this hellhole but fear kept Beth's curses in
mute form as she crawled through the massive engine room. On her third trip
through the engine room licking up her blood, Robert returned carrying two,
one-gallon plastic containers filled with a brown viscous liquid.

   "Sweet Cheeks! I understand that you had a tasty refreshment earlier today?"
Robert asked.

   Remembering the soapy water that caused hours of crapping pain that the
little girl had given her to drink, Beth stopped licking the deck. Looking up at
Robert and the two containers with dread she answered, "Yes Robert I had a very
tasty refreshment earlier."

   "Well then you don't get any of this yummy piss and shit cocktail! Hubby here
will get it all!"

   Shuddering with relief Beth turned her head to follow Robert as he stepped
behind her. She watched Robert set the containers on the deck then lifted the
containers back up by fishhook that was secured to the containers by a short
piece of line. Beth gasped and Steve howled as Robert plunged a fishhook into
each of Steve's, breasts tissue. Then Robert inserted two plastic tubes that
were sticking out of the containers and inserted the tubes in Steve's mouth.

   "Now Steve your are to drink every drop of your piss and shit cocktail. If I
find any cocktail left in the containers or discover any of it on the deck I
will pour battery acid down your throat. Understand Steve!"

   "Yes Robert I understand." Croaked Steve.

   "Then start sucking! Sweet Cheeks! What the fuck; are you looking at get back
to cleaning my deck plates." Roared Robert.

   Beth snapped her head around and started licking the deck plates. As Beth
crawled forward pulling her husband behind her Robert left the engine room once
again, leaving behind the couple, one was licking her own blood up, while the
other sucking down two gallons of piss and shit cocktail.

   In the reefer marked Helen's Toybox hung six inverted girls with very sore
upturn breasts and stinging clits from teeth being racked over them. Quack the
seventh girl was siting astride the exercise cycle peddling madly trying to
prevent from being shock. The peddling caused two long thick dildos that had hot
air shooting out of the tips, to hammer in and out of her cunt and ass hole.
While her breasts, pussy lips and clit were horribly pulled, yanked and
stretched.

   Both Frank and Robert retired for the night while Al watch and prodded Quack.
After ridding the exercise cycle for two hours Al hung Quack upside down and
inserted the syringes in her nipples to refill her breasts with goat milk. Then
Al also went to bed.

   In the morning after the Anderson ate breakfast they reoutfitted the girls in
the salvage rigs and marched them to the Random Access.

   Will you look at that Piglet is still refusing to eat the tasty meal I
provided her!" snickered Frank.

   Al laughed as he responded to his brother's remark. "That's OK Frank. Fucktoy
is just waiting for her cream, candy and golden juice."

   After Al and Frank unhook Edna and her father from her mother and injected
more of the milky solution into her father's groin to make him hard once again
filling up her poop chute. Edna was then force to service each of the Andersons
cocks twice. First they plowed her cunt. Before they ejaculated they withdrew
their cocks from her cunt and inserted them in her mouth. After shooting their
load of jism down her throat, they had Edna suck on their cocks until each prick
exploded in her mouth. Edna gulped down each and every load of jism that was
delivered without spilling a single drop. The tormented teen thanked each
brother for each and every rape. After swallowing six loads of jism Edna was
given a container of shit and a bottle of piss to eat and drink, while the
brothers place there usage brands on her chest and stomach. Each brother branded
the teen with the letter for each twat fuck. And two more brands for swallowing
the double load of spunk.

   When Edna was finish her "breakfast", and Al was leading her and Helm to the
engine room Edna squeaked, "Al, My Lord and Master."

   "Yes what is it Fucktoy?"

   "I need to go, My Lord and Master."

   "Where do you need to go, Fucktoy?"

   "To the head, My Lord and Master. I need to pee and poop so could you please
let me go to the head. Please My Lord and Master."

   "Yo guys! Fucktoy is going to deliver some candy and juice." Al chuckled.

   Edna turned a deep red with embarrassment as the Andersons and Helen's Toys
gathered around her.

   "Sweet Pea get Fucktoy's breakfast container from Helms cargo box and hold it
under Fucktoy's twat as she tinkles."

   As Elizabeth held the container under her twat Edna let her piss flow freely
while everyone watched. Edna's piss stream lasted for only a brief few seconds
before the desponded teen let out a yelp. She clamped down cutting the piss flow
off. Edna didn't stop pissing because of so many on lookers, was embarrassing.
Though it was extremely humiliating. But what made Edna stop pissing was the
pain. Burning pain raced along the entire length of her piss canal as her
bladder fluid flowed through it.

   Through teary eyes Edna looked up at the Anderson brother laughing faces and
the mournful faces of the other sex slaves.

   "What's the mater, Piglet, Thinking about your first twat fisting?"

   Edna was indeed thinking about Robert's fist in her pussy and his raking of
his nails along her urethra. Yes, Robert, My Lord and Master, I'm thinking about
your sweet fisting of my twat and the gift you gave me." Edna cooed as sexy as
she could.

   Al slashed Edna's sunburned back with his riding crop several time cooed in a
tone of sweetness and kindness. "Fucktoy, I know that you get all dreamy and
excited when you think about Bobby's hand playing inside your nasty twat. But
sweet little Fucktoy you are holding everyone up. We have gone through great
expense in order for you and your parents to join Helen's Toybox. So we need to
strip this garbage scow of your FAGGOT daddy to help recover some of our
expenditures.

   Though all of this junk will only bring in a few meager pittances that won't
even put a dent in the amount of money my brothers and I spent on you and your
parents. So you can see that the longer you daydream about Bobby's fist in your
twat the more money we lose. So Fucktoy you need to finish pottying so we can
get back to work. Or we may just have to get start cutting expenses. We'll just
have to cut things we have in abundance. Lets see what do we too many of?
Hmmm..." Al seem to ponder. Then switching to a sinister tone. "I know tits and
clits! We'll just cut off your tittys and clitty. Unless you finish what you
started and go potty!!!"

   Edna did a little jig as she pissed long and hard. Immense burning sensation
surge throughout her piss duct as she ejected liquid bodily waste through it.

   As the last droplets splattered in to the container that Elizabeth was
holding under her pussy Edna look soulfully up at Al and mumbled pleadingly,
"Please Al, My Lord and Master, could you remove Noodles the FAGGOT, fuck rod
from my steamy poop chute so that I can poop?"

   "I'm sorry Fucktoy but that would upset your FAGGOT daddy. He want's to
constantly ream your derriere. So you are just are going to have to squeeze your
rectal muscles and pop them little turds out around your FAGGOT daddy's cock as
it remains buried up your poop chute."

   It was a weird and strange sensation that Edna experience as she bare down
with her rectal muscles causing her shit to ooze out of her ass around her
fathers cock. The stench that drifted up let everyone know that she had shited
while her father's stiff prick was buried deep in her ass. The teenager color
deepened to a bright red as the three Anderson brothers roared with laughter
while the sex slaves look at her with pity in their eyes.

   "Sweet Pea give Fucktoy her golden juice so she can drink it."

   Edna drank her own piss from the container that Elizabeth handed to her.

   "Time to get to work bitches!" Bellowed Al.

   The group broke up as Al shoved Edna into the engine room followed by Helm.
With out being told both girls scrambled to their feet. Helm took up her
position near the engine room ladder, while Edna resume her task of freeing up
the starboard engine. As the bright Pacific sun reached the sea Edna herd Al's
voice bellowing.

   "FUCKTOY, HELM! GET YOUR ASSES OVER HERE!"

   Both Edna and Mary scrambled out of the engine room and started for the stern
of the yacht where Al, his brothers and Helen's Toys were assembled. As Edna
approach the stern she saw Al and Robert sitting on the bench eating chicken.
While Frank was whipping Gloria's left breast as she knelt before Frank with her
back strait. The other tormented girls were lined up on their knees facing the
Anderson brothers. Elizabeth was going down the line of girls removing the long
thick rubber cocks from there mouths and placing the fake phalluses on top of
the full cargo boxes of each girl.

   As Edna and Mary knelt down at the end of the line, Edna watched Frank suck
on Gloria's left breast making rude slurping noises. When Frank finished sucking
Gloria's breast he took a large bite out of the chicken that he was holding,
while Gloria scrambled on her knees and position herself in front of Robert.
Robert whipped Gloria's bloated left tit flesh then he too sucked on the whipped
tit, Gloria the scrambled to Al.

   After Elizabeth removed Mary's rubber phallus from her mouth and placing it
in her cargo box, Elizabeth went to the bench and picked up a duffel bag that
was on the deck in front of the bench. "They are ready daddy." Chirped
Elizabeth.

   Al bellowed a single word, "Quack!"

   Gloria turned around on her knees and spoke to the assembly before her. "It
is now meal time. But because I was caught stealing and hoarding Fucktoy's food
for myself I will not be joining you in eating this scrumptious meal, nor will I
partake in the next meal." Gloria then turned back to face Al who immediately
started to whip her left breast then suck on Gloria's fiery red bloated tit.

   Edna watched Al's daughter reach in the bag she was holding and take out a
sixteen-ounce bottle filled with a reddish brown gruel. After opening the bottle
Elizabeth inserted it into Edna's mouth and squeezed forcing some of the gruel
into Edna's mouth. Though her stomach contained an ample amount of piss, shit
and jism Edna realized that this was one of the infrequent meals that Gloria had
spoke about. Edna gulped down the entire sixteen ounces of gruel that was
offered her. Gloria was also right about the taste. Other then the shit that she
ate and the piss that she drunk, the gruel was the worse tasting food to have
ever pass over her taste buds.

   After Edna finished gulping down her gruel, Elizabeth returned the empty
bottle to the bag and pulled out another full bottle. Edna watched Helm open her
mouth to get ready for her meal, but when Elizabeth passed her by and feed the
bottle of gruel to Pony Girl, Helm let out a soft pathetic moan.

   Edna wondered what the young teen had done to be denied a meal. As bad
tasting as it was, it was nourishment. Edna's heart went out for this girl who
Elizabeth pass by. Edna watched Elizabeth feed the other girls their gruel. When
the fifth bottle was pulled from the bag it had a bright blue band around it.
Elizabeth returned to Helm and feed her the contents of the blue-banded bottle.
Helm joyfully gulped down the gruel. To Edna the gruel appeared to be the same
stuff that she gulped down. Edna wondered what the blue banded bottle contained
that the other bottles did not and why did Helm get the special food. Edna's
sorrow for Helm withered away to be replaced by envy.

   Al, Frank and Robert watched the changing expressions on Edna's face and
burst out laughing. What's the mater Fucktoy? You want some of the yummy food
that Helm is getting? Well I'm sorry but Helm is eating a special formula
blinded especially for her and only her. The rest of you bitches will have to
settle for the normal meal." Giggled Al.

   While Elizabeth fed the rest of the captives their gruel she felt sorry for
Mary. Her father was making the other captives envies over what Mary got to eat.
It was her Uncle Frank's idea to mark Mary's bottle with the blue tape. Though
it was true there was something special about Mary's gruel. Elizabeth was sure
that if the other captives knew that Mary's special gruel had the remains of her
newlywed husband as the meat supplement to the dog food that made up the gruel
they too would feel sorry for Mary instead of being jealous of her. Starting
with the last captive that she fed Elizabeth reinserted and sealed the long,
thick dildos back into the captives' mouths.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 28




   Log Entry Number: 29

   bilge inspection


    "Al, My Lord and Master?" Squeaked Edna.

   "Yes, Fucktoy what do you want?" Cooed Al as he stopped sucking on Gloria's
right tit flesh.

   Looking at Al pleadingly Edna nervously asked, "Al, My Lord and Master my
parents? Please can they have some food also?" Though Edna knew that the
godoxious slop that she ate was barely palatable it was nourishment that her
parents desperately needed. So once again Edna asked Al as sweetly as she could,
"Please Al, My Lord and Master, can my parents have some of this delectable food
that I and the rest of Helen's Toy's had to eat?" Edna shuddered as she watch
Cheshire cat grins spread across the faces of the three sadistically evil men
before her.

   Al licked his lips as he watched the well-marked teen kneeling before him
tremble. In less then seventy-two hours he and his brothers had taken a proud
strong willed virginal teen with out a blemish on her, and transformed her into
a very servile, multicolor, stripe, bruised and branded sex toy. Though she no
longer objected to or tried to avoid any sexual act or task given to her, she
still had enough spirit left in her to try to get him to show some compassion
for her parental units. "I don't know about that Fucktoy? Would it be fair to
you and the other bitches? After all you and the other bitches have been working
very hard while FAGGOT and Titless, have been laying and hanging around doing
absolutely nothing since joining Helen's Toybox?" The three evil men burst out
laughing.

   Edna wondered what her parents thought about her as she groveled and pleaded
with Al for food for them. "Please, Al My Lord and Master. I know that Noodles
the Faggot and the Titless Wonder have not contribute anything to the group
effort. All they've done is to drain the resources of the group as they enjoyed
this wonderful excursion that you and our other kind benefactors had provided
for us. But; I besiege you Al My Lord and Master to allow Noodles the Faggot and
the Titless Wonder to eat. Please Al My Lord and Master."

   "Well Fucktoy it's not fair to the other bitches but I see what can be done
to feed FAGGOT and Titless." Al took a large bite out of the plump chicken
breast he was holding. "Sweet Pea! Is there anything leftover?" Al knew the
answer to his question even before his daughter replied.

   "Yes daddy there the bottle that Quack Bitch didn't eat that is leftover."
Elizabeth ruffled through the bag she held and produced the bottle of gruel.

   With a sorrowful tone Al spoke to Edna, "Tisk, tisk what bad luck Fucktoy!
There is only one meal left and two snotty, ritzy stuck-ups? So who is going to
get the meal? Only one of them can have it! There will be no sharing it's not
sanitary! So, who will it be; Fucktoy? Will it be FAGGOT or Titless? You choose
Fucktoy!"

   Edna fidgeted upon her knees anguishing over how she would choose one of her
parents to be fed. From behind her came a low painful, gurgling sound of her
father. "Mom! Let yor..."

   Though Edna could barely hear the mumbling of her father, it seemed that
Frank and Robert had no trouble hearing him. Both men rushed towards her from
the bench with such speed they were almost a blur. Each grasped one of her
father's ankles and locked a pair of vice grips around the little toe of each
foot. Frank and Robert twisted and bent the two toes until Edna herd the little
toes snap.

   While holding the little toes by the vice grips Frank and Robert begin to
stomp on James shattered arms while Frank bellowed, "FAGGOT! You were told to
remain quit! Not to blabber! So shut the fuck up!" James howled and thrashed
about as his arms were stomped on until he passed out from the pain. The two
younger Andersons continue to stomp upon the arms for a few moments longer then
they released his toes and sat back-down on the bench with wide grins across
there faces.

   "Now, Fucktoy where were we? Chuckled Al as he quickly slashed a strop across
Gloria's right breast. "Oh yea! You were deciding who was going to get to eat?"
Al mumbled as he slurped and sucked on Gloria's inflamed, bloated right breast.
"WELL!" Al barked as he stopped sucking and sat up locking his gaze on Edna.

   Edna dare not turn around and look at her groaning unconscious father. With
tears of grief for her father streaming down her face Edna responded to Al's
inquire, "My mother Al. Please feed my mother the tasty me..."

   "PIGLET! COME HERE!" roared Frank.

   Edna scrambled over to Frank on her knees realizing that she had use the
wrong format when she responded to Al. Before she had a chance to straiten her
back and spread her knees wide Frank grabbed the short chain that was attached
to the alligator clips that were biting savagely into her tender nipples. Frank
yanked the clips off Edna's nipple causing Edna to howl as her breasts bounce
apart.

   Before Edna could look down to see if she had any nipples left Frank's fist
slammed into her right breast. Frank's fist plunged into the soft and tender tit
flesh until Frank's knuckles progress was stopped cold by Edna's ribcage. Edna
howled as she was thrust backwards from the impact. She lay gasping atop of her
father as searing pain raced through her right tit. Al and Robert each grabbed a
handful of her breast flesh and hauled her back upright to her knees by her
breasts.

   As Al and Robert held her upright on her knees Frank scream into her face
letting spittle fly as he spoke. "THAT IS NOT HOW YOU ADDRESS MY BROTHER, YOU
FUCK-UP SWINE!

   As soon as Al and Robert released there grips of Edna tits Frank slammed his
fist into Edna's left breast. Once again Edna howled as she flew backwards. Al
and Robert dragged Edna back up to her knees by her breasts.

   "ALSO I DO NOT SEE ANY MOTHER ANYWHERE AROUND HERE!"

   This time when the two men released their grips on her battered breasts,
Frank plunged both of his fists into her breasts to the ribcage.

   "Piglet get back to your knees and try it again!" Snarled Frank.

    Gasping Edna struggled back to her knees from atop of her father, as mind
numbing agony raced through her breasts to her spine to explode in a glaring
white flash behind her eyes. Once she was back on her wide spread knees with her
back strait Edna turned slightly so she was facing Al. In a clear and sweet
voice Edna spoke to Al as tears streamed down her face and flowed across her
battered breasts. "If it pleases Al, My Lord and Master I, Piglet the sex crazed
Nymphet Fucktoy request that Sweet Pea be allowed to feed the Titless Wonder the
leftover food." As she spoke Edna's face corkscrewed with pain and she squirmed
and fidgeted as Al reattached the alligator clips back onto her bleeding
nipples. Once again Edna nipples were stretched and pulled so they face each
other and her clit was stretched upward.

   After reattaching the clips on Edna's nipples Al grabbed Edna's ears and
rammed his thirteen inch one eye monster all the way into Edna's mouth. As Al
bounce Edna's head up and down his long hard shaft by her ears, Al barked,
"Sweet Pea feed Titless!"

   As Al reamed her mouth with his meaty prick Edna heard Frank barking, "On
your feet bitches." As the thick rod stabbed down her throat Edna heard her
fellow captives, struggle to their feet. Edna heard rustling, behind her
followed by the impact of leather on naked skin, and the soft plodding of
multiple feet. When Al exploded Edna gulped down all of Al's gooey spunk.

   "Thank you, Al My Lord and Master, for using Fuck Central for your, cum
deposit in my mealy mouth." Edna woefully chirped,

   After Al finished dumping his load down Edna's throat he released his grip on
Edna's ears as he spoke to her softly. "Fucktoy, I have a gift for these." Al
started to gently massaging her breasts. "Lay back on the FAGGOT and I'll give
it to you."

   Edna leaned back until she was resting atop of her father as she watched Al
lean forward grinning. Edna trembled as she watched Al wrap a black plastic
cable wrap around the base of her left breast and pulled it unbelievably tight,
Al then bound her right breast the same way. Not only did the two tight bands
around her breast make them balloon out but the ballooning caused her nipples to
strain against the alligator clips that were biting into them, as the ballooned
breasts tried to pull away from each other. Edna watch through teary eyes as Al
place another of his usage brands on her chest then got up off the bench and
straddled Pony Girl.

   "Fucktoy! Get off your lazy ass and get back to work!" Roared Al.

   Edna struggled to her feet and proceeded back to the engine room dragging her
unconscious father hanging from her ass behind her. As she approached the engine
room Edna saw that Helm was all ready down in the engine room. Edna started to
climb into the engine room she stopped cold when Al bellowed.

   "HALT!"

   Edna was crouching down with one foot on the main deck and the other foot on
top of the right engine and her hands resting on the main deck on either side of
her body for support. Edna shook violently as she watched Al dismount Pony Girl
and crouch behind her. Edna let out a long sigh as she felt her father cock
swell up in her ass. Her sigh turned into a yelp as Al shoved her forward
sending Edna crashing to the engine room deck plates below.

   "Fucktoy I told you to get to get back to work! If your don't stop loafing
around down there I stuff the throttle up your twat and gas you for the rest of
the day!" Al roared from the main deck.

   Edna scrambled over to Helm on her knees and removed a half-inch wrench from
the tool pouch that hung from Helm's clit. Edna twisted and turned then
scrambled to the back of the starboard engine and commenced disconnecting the
starboard propeller shaft from the engine.

   "Fucktoy!"

   "Yes, Al My Lord and Master." Squeaked Edna as she looked up at Al. All Edna
could see was Al huge dark outline with the fiery redness of the setting Pacific
sun glowing around him. Suddenly a stream of liquid splashed across her face.
From the odor and salty bitter taste Edna released that Al was pissing on her,
however Edna remained poised as she was letting the piss stream flow over her.

   When Al finished pissing on the teen below him he remounted Pony Girl and
sweetly spoke to the piss drench teen. "Fucktoy, now that you've had a shower,
eaten a delicious meal and suck down some yummy cream you are set for the rest
of the day."

   Edna heard Al laughing as he rode off on Pony Girl. Edna turned back to the
shaft in front of her and returned to work as piss dripped off her face and
hair.

   Aboard the Scorpion Frank was unloading the items that were filling the
captives salvage boxes and storing them in the cargo hold with Elizabeth helping
him. Robert had hung Gloria back up in her mooring station. Then he rigged her
so that her breasts were being refilled with goat milk and an empty bottle
hanging from her clit ready to be filled by her piss. After sealing Gloria in
total darkness with in the reefer marked Helen's Toybox he proceeded to the
Scorpion's engine room to check up on Steve and Beth.

   Robert sat on the bottom step of the engine room ladder and watched Beth
licking up her blood as she crawl ever so slowly along the deck plates with her
ass jutting up high and her hands glued to the underside of her ballooned
breasts. A taunt line ran from Beth's blood dripping stretched cunt lips to
Steve's dark purple colored truss up testis, as he hung from his cuffed wrist
and the butt plug that was jammed and glued up his rectum. "Sweet Cheeks, are
you getting tired of the taste of your blood yet?" giggled Robert.

   Beth stopped licking the deck and looked at her "Apolloan" tormentor sitting
nude on the engine room steps. With parched lips and a raw swollen tongue she
responded, "Yes Robert I would like to stop licking up my blood. Please Robert."

   "Then get over here and suck and lick on this." Robert waved his hard cock
back and forth.

   The last thing Beth wanted to do was give this man before her any further
pleasure at her expense. But Beth did not want any further torment inflected
upon her bruised and battered body so she groaned as she crawled towards Robert.
Beth forward progress was stop just inches from her objective. The tram that her
pussy lips were pulling via her husband balls had ran into the end of track
block at the front of the engine room.

   When Robert held his blood engorged prick strait out towards her and Beth
stretched her tongue out as far as it would go, the two tips were barely able to
brush each other. But brushing was not what Robert had in mind. He reached out
and grasped Beth's ears and ruthlessly yanked Beth forward. As Beth was pulled
forward her knees left the deck and she hung in mid air from her pussy lips and
her husband's balls. Beth howled and jerked as she pivoted forward from her
pussy lips, her mouth sliding half way down Robert's ten inch, thin cock.

   Speaking in a soft sugary sweet voice Robert cooed, "Sweet Cheeks you are
going to remain in this position until you swallow my cum.".

   Beth locked her lips around the male member protruding into her oral cavity.
She then started to apply suction and flicking her raw tongue over the sensitive
smooth head of Robert's fuck rod.

   Robert let out a low moan of pleasure as Beth sucked and lick with a
maddening vigor upon his prick.  Robert gazed down Beth's back and over her
plump buns to the deck plates behind the suspended girl. Still using the sugary
sweet tone, but with a stern inflection Robert spoke, "Tisk, tisk Sweet Cheeks,
you were suppose to clean the deck plates not make a larger mess. I'm afraid
that you will have to be disciplined for this disobedience."

   Beth let out a pitiful cry of anguish as she continued to give Robert prick
service. She had endured hours upon hours of relentless agonizing pain licking
up her own blood. But the entire time was spent in vain as Robert accused her of
creating a larger mess and the promise of even more punishments.

   As Robert held Beth in place over his fuck rod he heard the upper engine room
hatch open and closed. Looking up behind him he saw his niece descending down
the ladder from the upper level of the engine room. Slung over her shoulder was
the duffel bag she used to carry food and drink in. "Sweet Pea, is Frank done
unloading?"

   "Yes, Uncle Robert, Uncle Frank is done unloading and has stowed the salvage
items. Daddy has sent me down here to feed our two guest."

   "Well Sweet Pea, as you can see Sweet Cheeks here is being nice to me and is
giving me a nice blow job. So start with Vanilla. Give him both drink bottles
only." Robert watched his niece squeeze by him and take up a position just in
front of Steve.

   Steve watched the fourteen year old in front of him remove a two liter bottle
of soppy water from the bag and inserted into his mouth. However when Elizabeth
squeezed the bottle he spitted the water out instead of drinking it. In a
guttural strain voice Steve pleaded, "Please Robert no more, please! I just
can't drink anything else. My bladder is already full. Please Robert no more
drink!"

   Robert chuckled as he spoke, "Well Steve you are among family and friends
here, why don't you just go ahead and piss!"

   "O-Dear God, Robert I've tried and tried, but the cord that Frank tied a
round my cock is preventing me from pissing. Please Robert, release my cock so
that I can piss. Please, I beg you Robert!"

   "Well Steve if your too shy to piss in front of us I can understand why you
don't want to drink, so we'll wait awhile. Okay?" Chuckled Robert evilly. "Sweet
Pea, leave your bag here and go back topside and report to daddy for class one
assignment." After the departure of his niece Robert leaned back and enjoyed the
blowjob the Beth was giving him until he exploded.

   When Beth finished gulping down Robert's hot gooey spunk down her throat
Robert released his grip on her ears. She swung back and crashed onto her knees
and face upon the deck plates. When Robert got up off the ladder Beth shuddered
as she steeled herself for her additional punishment promise her for not
cleaning the deck plates properly. She was surprised when instead of more pain
being inflected upon her already tormented body, the tension on the line that
was painfully stretching her pussy lips became slack.

   Robert lowered the hoist until both Steve and Beth were laying on the deck.
"On your back Sweet Cheeks." Cooed Robert.

   Groggily Beth rolled over on to her back and stared up at Robert standing
over her. She cringed when Robert squatted next to her and reached out for her
left breast. Beth let out la long rattling sigh when instead of inflecting
punishment to her breasts Robert instead yanked off the rubberbands forcing
Beth's breasts to balloon out. With her hands still super glued to her breast
Robert slid the rubberbands down over Beth's wrist to dangle on her forearm.

   Robert giggled as he watched Beth begin to howl as blood rushed into her
breasts.

   Giggling Robert left the two sobbing, squirming, moaning and groaning victims
on the deck as he went to the generator room to checked and service the
Scorpion's generator and to top off the day-tank with fuel. When he returned to
the engine room his niece was kneeling behind the couple on the deck with her
legs spread wide and her hands clasped behind her head.

   Upon seeing her uncle reenter the engine room and dogging the hatch to the
generator room Elizabeth chirped, "Uncle Robert, daddy and Uncle Frank are ready
for the class one assignment." 

   She watch her uncle pick up one of the training collar activation boxes that
were stationed throughout the Scorpion and crouch down in front of the couple
laying on the deck. Though Elizabeth didn't see a training collar around the
necks of the couple she did see the metal bases protruding out of their asses.
Elizabeth knew that both victims had large metal butt plugs that sent out a
stream of electricity even a more powerful then the training collars.

   Her errand topside was to let her father and Uncle Frank know that the
training collars were going to be activated. And to prepare for it so they were
not in harms way as the electricity surge through every one on board the
Scorpion and Random Access except for her father, her uncles and herself.

   "Now Steve let me know when you want to drink! Okay?" Snickered Robert.

   Elizabeth heard the couple howl and watched them writher across the deck
before her like fish caught out of water, as her uncle press the button.
Elizabeth watch piss squirted out from around the plaster lodge in the girl's
slit and shit squirted from around the butt plugs of both as streams of
electrical current course through there bodies. Thirty seconds later her uncle
released the button.

   "WELL?" When there was no immediate response Robert pushed and held the black
button down for another thirty seconds. "Well?" Asked Robert once again.

   This time without any delay a hoarse crackling male voice gasped, "Drink!"

   As Robert watch the squirming figures shake off the effects of the jolts he
sweetly ask, "Sweet Pea, if you would be so kind."

   Elizabeth retrieved the bottle of soapy water and pushed it into Steve's
mouth this time he gulped down every drop.

   As Robert stood up and replaced the training collar activation box back in
its holder he chuckled, "I knew you were thirsty." He then went to the hoist
control and pressed the up button. Robert held the hoist button down until both
Steve and Beth, were completely suspended in the air. Steve hung by his wrist
and ass from the hoist hook and Beth by her pussy lips from her husband's balls.
"Second bottle, Sweet Pea." Robert watched his niece climb up on the port engine
and held the second bottle of soapy water to Steve's lips. Who instantly gulped
it down.

    As agonizing pain burst from her stretch pussy lips tears streaming from
Beth's eyes to be soaked up by her hair, Robert sweetly cooed, "Sweet Cheeks,
you are to receive twenty slash across that derriere of yours. It's your
penitence for not cleaning the deck plates." 

   Beth howled and thrashed around on the end of the cord, as Robert mercilessly
laid a series of savage blows with a studded strop across Beth's rump,
alternating from cheek to cheek. On the sixteenth blow across her rump Beth
crashed to the deck unconscious. Between the savage blows of Robert's strop and
Beth's thrashing the rings imbedded in Beth's pussy lips ripped out.

   "Sweet Pea go tell daddy and Uncle Frank that class one assignment is over
then get Quack. Bring her, the medical kit and the piercing kit back here
pronto! And no talking to Quack!" After his niece scampered out of the engine
room Robert flipped Beth on her back he then lowered Steve until his mouth
rested on top of his wife's torn pussy lips. "OK Steve, start licking."

   Steve's tongue darted out of his mouth and he started to lap up his wife's
blood that was squirting from her torn pussy lips like a mad dog. He screamed
into his wife's plastered bunged cunt as Robert smashed a lead pipe across the
back of his cast legs shattering both the casts and the bones in the back of the
knees of both legs.

   When his niece showed back up with Quack, Robert hoisted Steve back up in the
air. "My, My Steve, look at the messy face. Here let me clean it for you."
Robert then scrubbed Steve's face with a wire brush dripping with battery acid.
Steve howled as the acid etched its way into his face. Steve's once rigged
handsome face was now horribly scared. "Quack I want Sweet Cheeks awake and on
her feet in front of hubby pronto! Sweet Pea, are you hot to trot?'

   Gloria rushed over to Beth's unconscious form and began treating her as the
fourteen-year-old answer her uncle's question. "Yes Uncle Robert, my pussy is
dripping wet and is all ready to be filled by your loving cock."

   "Well!"

   Steve watched in shock horror as the young girl shuck her tight fitting
rubber pants, pulling out the two long thick metal phalluses in the process. She
then bent over at the waist with her legs spread wide as Robert slammed his cock
into his niece's cunt. Robert rabbit fuck his niece until he shook and moaned
with orgasmic pleasure. After with drawing his softening fuck rod from his
niece's slopping cunt, the young teen spun around and drop to her knees and
begin cleaning the prick that was just in her cunt off with her mouth. Steve
watched the entire incestuous act between uncle and niece. His view of the young
teen reinserting the metal phalluses back into her cunt and ass was cut off as
Gloria helped his wife stand in front of him.

   Beth screamed and nearly collapsed when she saw her husband's scared face.
Only Gloria's firm grip on her upper arm prevented her from crumpling to the
deck. Beth rose to her toes as Robert grasped her hair and yanked it upwards.
She felt the shackles fall free from her ankles.

   Robert cooed sweetly into her ear,  "Sweet Cheeks, you were very bad. You let
your pretty rings slip out of your pussy lips to avoid your punishment! Now
you're going to stand here and let Quack replace your jewelry. Understand, Sweet
Cheeks?"

   "Yes Robert I will stand still and let Quack replace the rings in my pussy
lips. I'm sorry that I let the other rings slip out. Forgive me Robert." As
Robert lower her Beth spread her legs so Gloria had easier access to her cunt.
Beth let out a small yelp when Gloria repierced her pussy lips closer to the
base of her cuntal opening.

   After Gloria insert the rings that ripped out of Beth's pussy lips into the
new holes, Robert cooed sweetly into Beth's ear. "Now isn't that better, Sweet
Cheeks?"

   "Yes, Robert, thank you for returning my jewelry to me."

   "BREASTS!" Robert yelled into Beth's ear as her tighten his grip on Beth's
hair.

   Beth was confused by Robert's single word that was screamed into her ear,
until she saw Gloria stand up in front of her and place the piercing tool
against her left breasts just behind the aureole. Beth howled and shuddered in
place as the tool drove a tunnel through her left breast to be followed by a
heavy steel ring. Then Gloria pierced Beth's right breasts and inserted a steel
ring into it. Now Beth had four rings hanging from her body.

   Robert released his grip on her hair as he barked, "Turn and keep them spread
wide!"

   Beth kept her legs spread wide as she turned on wobbly legs.

   "What the fuck! HALT!"

   Beth shook to the core as she stopped turning.

   "QUACK! What is that on those cunt lips?"

   "Band-Aids to stop the flow of blood from her torn pussy lips, Robert, My
Lord and Master."

   "Quack, come here!" When Gloria got with in range of Robert he lashed out
with the back of his hand and slapped Gloria across the face with all of his
strength. Gloria flew across the engine room to slam against the starboard
engine then sank down to the deck. "I told you to wake her up and get her
standing. Not to play with her pussy lips!" Robert reached down and yanked the
Band-Aids off of Beth's pussy lips causing the blood to flow from them once
again. Robert then shoved Beth to her knees and bark, "Sweet Pea, feed her both
bottles."

   As Beth gulped down the gruel from the bottle that Robert's niece place in
her mouth she watch Robert kick and stomp on Gloria as he yelled, "You've been
warned before about doing things without permission. Now get off your lazy ass
and ring Vanilla's prick, nipples and tongue!"

   As Beth gulped down the second bottle of gruel she watched Gloria pierce and
insert steel rings into her husband's cock head, through the scrotum over each
testy, just behind each nipple and through his tongue. When Gloria was done
Beth's husband supported six rings three in his groin, two in his chest and one
in his mouth.

   "Quack test time! DONG and TITTIES!" Roared Robert.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 29




   Log Entry Number 30:

   Ring test

  

   From a peg on the aft engine room bulkhead Gloria removed two ten-foot cables
that had a lanyard clip on each of the ends. She clipped one of the cables to
each of Beth's newly installed breast rings then clipped both cables to the ring
going through the head of Steve's cock. While Elizabeth fitted a pole with a
metal cock fixed to the top of it, over the pipe that Beth had sucked the bulge
dry with.

   "Quack unplug Sweet Cheek's box." Robert barked.

   The long hours that Beth had laid in bulge water and the several times that
Beth had pissed had soften the plaster making it easier for Gloria to dig out
the plaster from Beth's cunt. When most of the plaster was dug out Robert lifted
Beth and dropped her over the metal phallus jutting up from the deck. The
phallus penetrated all of the way to the end of Beth's cunt. By stretching her
toes Beth could push herself up an eighth of an inch easing the stabbing pain at
the end of her cunt slightly.

   "Sweet Pea, Quack! Retrieve Vanilla by his ankles!"

   Steve screamed as his shattered knees were pulled and twisted as Gloria and
Elizabeth grabbed Steve's ankles and dragged him backwards. The two girls
dragged Steve backwards until the tram he hung from bumped against a large
compressed coil spring.

   "BRAKE!" Robert barked.

   Elizabeth climbed atop of the port engine and completely released the brake
of the tram.

   Robert stood next to Beth holding ball with a string running through it. He
tilted Beth's head back and inserted the ball in her mouth. Robert looped the
string from the ball to the spring release mechanism and pulled it taunt.
Giggling as he spoke "OK bitches I want a ten count, countdown. Sweet Pea, you
and Quack are going to use Sweet Cheeks breasts as a metronome. Sweet Cheeks,
when you hear the countdown hit zero you are to tilt your head forward until
your chin is resting on your chest. Sweet Pea you start! Nice and slow!"

   With all of the strength that she could muster Elizabeth slapped Beth's left
breast with her open hand. Whack! "TEN!" she bellowed. A bright pink out line of
her palm print appeared on Beth's left breast. A few moments later Gloria
smacked Beth's right breast with all of her might. Whack! "NINE!" Being stronger
then the fourteen-year-old Gloria's handprint was a darker shade of pink on
Beth's right breast.

   Whack! Elizabeth struck Beth's left breast again "EIGHT" she sang out. Whack!
"SEVEN!" Sang out Gloria. Elizabeth and Gloria took turns slapping Beth's
breasts. After Gloria slapped Beth's right breast and bellowed "ONE!" both girls
lifted their hands together and slapped there palms with all of there might
simultaneously across the tops of Beth's bright pink breasts and together
bellowed "ZERO!"

   Through the agonizing haze of her tender throbbing breasts Beth heard
Elizabeth and Gloria bellow zero. As Robert instructed her to Beth lowered her
head. As she did the ball in her mouth pulled the string attached to the release
mechanism of the spring. Like a pinball the tram that Steve hung from shot up
the center of the engine room. Howls filled the engine room as Beth's breasts
and Steve's prick were horribly yanked and stretched by the rings that was
imbedded in the organs as the two ten foot cables clipped between them snap
taunt bring the tram to a shuttering halt. The upper portion of Beth's body was
yank forward. Her entire body would have been yank forward if Beth's cunt had
not been impaled on the pole sticking out of the deck effetely pinning her lower
torso in place. Beth's entire body weight was placed on the upper end of her
vaginal canal as Beth kick her legs outwards as searing pain ripped through her
breasts. It took Beth several moments to regain control of her feet to enable
her to lift a small fraction of her weight off the end of her cuntal passage.

   Robert examined Beth's stretched breasts and Steve's reverse truss up prick
as if he was analyzing data from a scientific experiment. "Hum! I don't know?
The test is inconclusive. RESET!"

   Gloria pulled the ball out of Beth's mouth and cranked the spring back while
Elizabeth rushed to Steve and dragged his hanging form by his ankles back. After
the release lever snapped into place Gloria tilted the sobbing girl head back
and reinserted the ball in her mouth.

   After checking the setup Robert handed Gloria and Elizabeth a studded leather
strop and barked. "Countdown from twenty."

   Once again Gloria and Elizabeth alternated slapping Beth's breasts as they
counted down. This time however, instead of using their open palms to hit Beth's
breasts, they used the studded leather strops that Robert had given to them.
After the double strokes across her battered cherry red breasts and hearing the
synchronize zero, Beth rolled her head forward releasing the spring. The tram
once again shot across the engine room. Snapping tits and cock.

   This time when Robert examined Beth's breasts he hooked his index fingers
into the breasts rings. Robert twisted and pulled Beth's breasts around as he
examined them. When he checked Steve's prick he found that the sutures that had
secured Steve's prick deep in the furrow of his ass had been ripped out and
Steve's trussed up prick was jutting straight out from his groin. Like Beth's
breasts Robert twisted and yanked Steve's cock around as he examined it. "Yes,
yes that will do! Quack! Set up for the second test balls and lips. Sweet Pea
lets have a little mouth action."

   Elizabeth drop to her knees in front of her uncle and started to vigorously
suck and lick his cock, while Gloria transferred the cables from Beth's breasts
rings to her reinstalled pussy lip rings. She then transferred the cables from
Steve's prick head ring to his scrotum rings.

   Robert checked Gloria's work as his niece followed him around on her knees as
she continued to service his cock. "Quack, reset except for the ball."

   After Gloria reset the spring and pulled Steve back to the start position she
stood looking at Beth's sweat glistening body as she strained to remain on her
toes to minify the horrible pressure of her own weight on the end of her vaginal
shaft.

   Gloria looked at Beth's breasts dripping blood from the stretched ring holes.
Shuddered as she remembered her own ring test. Unconsciously Gloria brushed her
hands over her bloated nipples to the rings piercing her breasts. At the time of
her ring test there was a two hundred and fifty-pound weight hanging from the
hoist hook instead of a living being. Gloria remembered how she struggled to
remain up on her toes as the tram yanked her breasts, pussy lips and clitoris.
The clitoris dear God the clitoris! Gloria looked at Beth's clitoris. The
stretch bloated black colored clitoris dangling from its sheath.  Gloria gently
stroked her own clitoris that had an empty two-liter bottle dangling from it.
The bottle hung from her clit ring waiting for her to fill it up with her piss.
Robert had not had her insert a ring into Beth's clit. Gloria wondered if Robert
had written off the permanently damage organ or was he going to have Beth's
clitoris pierce later on.

   "Aha! That was nice Sweet Pea. Quack! Insert the start ball!"

   Gloria snapped out of her self induce trance at the sound of Robert's voice.
She tilted Beth's head back and inserted the ball into Beth's mouth. Elizabeth
handed her a very limber green bamboo cane.

   "Thirty count!"

   Gloria and Elizabeth begin to slash Beth's breasts as they counted down from
thirty. With each stroke of the canes angry purple welt appeared on the top of
Beth's breasts. At the end of the count Beth groggily tilted her head forward.

   Screams filled the engine room as pussy lips and balls sack were yank and
snapped taunt. Robert squatted down in front of Beth and twisted and pulled on
her pussy rings as he checked the results of the test on her pussy lips. When he
was satisfied with his examination he picked up Beth's dangling clit and pinched
the tip of the clit hard, digging his thumb nail it to the cold flesh. When he
didn't get any type of response from Beth he bellowed, "Quack is there any life
left in this twiddle-dee?" Robert shook the cold blackened clit back and forth.

   "I don't know Robert My Lord and Master. Sweet Cheeks twiddle-dee has been
deprived of normal blood flow for almost four days now. I do know that all of
the tissue elasticity is destroyed. It will always hang limply down form the
clitoral sheath. As for the blacken part of the twiddle-dee it is cold dry and
unresponsive. I can not determine how badly it is damage until I can see how
much blood flow returns when the leather thong around it is remove."

   "If the thong is remove well Sweet Cheeks feel any pain?"

   "Robert My Lord and Master, after the thong is removed, the amount of pain
she feels as the blood circulates through the twiddle-dee will indicate the
degree of permanent damage that has been done. The greater the pain means less
damage has been done. No pain may mean that the tissue is dead."

   "Well then; let's see how much pain this thing can generate! Get your ass
down here and remove the thong!"

   Gloria crouched down next to Robert and plucked at the tight knot of the
thong around Beth's clitoris. After Gloria removed the thong she held Beth's
clitoris between her index and middle finger and gently press her thumb into
Beth's clitoris. When Gloria didn't feel a pulse of any type, she gently
massaged the inflamed flesh where the thong had been.

   Robert was watching Beth's pain filled face, when he didn't see any change in
he bellowed, "Well Quack! Where's the action?"

   "Robert My Lord and Master, I'm afraid that the blood supply has been cut off
too long to Sweet Cheeks twiddle-dee. It's no longer a viable organ."

   "Hear that Steve-o-boy you killed your wife's twiddle-dee! But don't worry
there are plenty of other twiddle-dees to play with!" Robert grabbed the bottle
hanging from Gloria's clit and jerked Gloria's  upward as he stood. Gloria
screamed in agony as she fell backward onto the deck as Robert held her rump off
the deck shook her by her clitoris. "See!" Robert then let Gloria ass drop to
the deck. "RESET!"

   Gloria struggled up off the deck and removed the ball from Beth's mouth. Then
she reset the spring as Elizabeth pulled Steve back to the starting position. 

   Al's booming voice filled the engine room from the speaker in the overhead.
"Bobby I see that you're in the middle of a ring test but I thought you would
like to know that dinner is ready."

   "Be right there big brother." Robert pulled the rubberbands that were still
dangling around Beth's arms and reseated them around the bases of Beth's
breasts, making them balloon out once again. Then he inserted the spring release
ball in Beth's mouth.

   "Sweet Pea, Quack let's go!" The last thing that Robert did was to pat Beth's
tummy as he kiss her welted breasts tops as he sweetly spoke. "Sweet Cheeks,
you're free to move around or go to sleep, but no talking." Robert then followed
his niece and the doctor out of the engine room.

   Edna had spent another night hanging from her wrist. Her head poised over her
mother's table scrap stuffed cunt. The two meaty bones were jammed up her nose
and the sharp bone in her mouth scraped the back of throat. Edna no longer
wanted the food that was stuffed with in her mother's cunt. As a mater of fact
after three days the table scraps had turned putrid. The foul smelling stuff
made her gag every time she breathed in. However what did make Edna toss her
cookies was the maggots that crawled through the rotting food in her mother's
cunt, through her mother's pussy hair, up the three bones across her own face
and into her mouth. The only thing that her vomit seemed to have achieved was to
attract even more flies to crawl over her face and into her mouth.

   The relentless, Pacific sun burned her delicate skin as it rose towards its
zenith. When the Andersons came aboard just before noon. The only thing they did
was to release the fourteen-year-old watchdog from her box. Then the brothers
went about pulling the engines that she spent the last two days uncoupling. One
of the engines was already sitting on the deck of a self-propelled barge. While
the Scorpion's cargo hoist was lifting the other engine clear of the Random
Access engine room. Edna hung watching the Andersons strip the Random Access of
its power source as maggots and flies crawled over her face and through her
mouth.

   When both engine were sitting on the barge Edna expected the Andersons to
come over to her and begin to torment her but instead Frank and Robert boarded
the barge and got underway, while Al and Elizabeth disappeared aboard the
Scorpion. When Al returned he was riding atop of Pony Girl. Lashed together by
their tits the other captives marched behind Pony Girl. The captives were in
their rigging with one major change. The breasts and pussy lips now supported
large plastic bottles instead of the metal boxes. The bottles were the type that
sat atop of a water cooler that held five gallons. Elizabeth brought up the rear
carrying a hand crank fuel oil transfer pump over her shoulder.

   Al stopped the coffle at the port fuel tank fill tube and dismounted Pony
Girl. Elizabeth uncapped the tube and inserted the hand pump into it. Then
Elizabeth clamped the pump discharge hose onto Pony Girl's bottle and started
pumping the Random Access fuel oil into Pony Girl's bottle. When Pony Girl's
bottle was full Elizabeth move the pump hose from Pony Girl's bottle to Barbie
Doll's. After capping Pony Girl's bottle Elizabeth filled Barbie Doll's bottle.
After filling and capping all seven bottles Elizabeth mounted Pony Girl and led
the coffle back aboard the Scorpion with seven, fuel filled bottles. As
Elizabeth herded the captives back to the Scorpion the fuel oil in the bottles
slosh around causing the bottles to sway pulling and stretching fourteen cunt
lips and fourteen titties as gravity tried to pull the bottles towards the deck.

   Just before Pony Girl stepped on the gangway Al roared, Speed it up, Sweet
Pea!"

   With out any encouragement from her fourteen-year-old mistress, Lori doubled
her pace. She screamed around the rubber cock that stuffed her mouth as her
increased speed caused the sawing bottle to yank her breasts and pussy lips
harder. God how she wished she could kill the snotty slut behind her.

   The coffle returned with empty plastic bottles. After Elizabeth dismounted
Pony Girl she refill the bottles then headed back to the Scorpion. Edna realized
that her fellow captives were transferring the Random Access fuel supply to the
Scorpion. Edna knew that the tanks contain almost a thousand gallons of fuel
oil. Her father had topped off the fuel tanks a day before leaving Pearl Harbor.
There was enough fuel on board for the two-week trip to San Francisco. But the
Random Access had use less than a days worth of the fuel before the Andersons
seize control and plunged her and her parents into purgatory.

   Edna was left hanging to bake under the harsh sun by her wrist over her
mother's maggot encrusted cunt throughout the day, watching the coffle of
tormented girls removed the remaining fuel five gallons at a time. Al supervised
the proceeding from the comfort of a deck chair. Unlike Edna and her parents who
were baking under the relentless, Pacific sun Al sat under the shaded section of
the yacht's deck just behind the cabin structure. Next to the chair sat a milk
crate filled with cans of beer being kept cold by ice.

    Throughout the day whenever the mood struck him he would call his daughter
over to him. Elizabeth would scurry over to her father; remove her bikini
bottoms and the two metal dildos that filled her cunt and ass. After her father
fucked the hole of his choice she would reinsert the dildos and redon the bikini
bottoms and resume transferring the fuel. Just after sunset Frank and Robert
returned and handed Al a large wad of cash. The three men boarded the Scorpion
and moments later the aroma of stakes grilling filled the air.

   As Al, Frank and Robert ate there stakes and fries they watch the monitor
that flick between Steve and Beth in the engine room, the Scorpion's fuel tanks
fill tubes, the Random Access's fuel tanks fill tubes, the gangway between the
Scorpion and Random Access and the Garner's.

   "Any problem with George?" Al asked through a mouth full of food.

   Nope! He even gave us a little bit more then the last time thanks to Bobby
here. He's real smooth, but I think we need to swap buyers again I don't think
it would be wise to use George for a third time."

   "OK, Frank check into it." As the monitor image changed to the view of Steve
and Beth, Al hooked his thumb at the monitor and spoke to his little brother.
"Bobby, how's it going with him? "

   "Man-O-man! His bladder is about to pop! He'll be ready for Frank to add him
to the toys food supply shortly."

   "Well before it does let's reintroduce him to the Garner's. What about Sweet
Cheeks?"

   "She needs the ring test completed. Quack says that her clitty is deep six.
Should I let it stay and let gangrene set in or remove it?"

   Leave it dangling it looks cute that way. By the way Bobby what do you want
to name her?"

   "Well I'm going to keep her down in the engine room cleaning so it may as
well be Bilge Rat, OK!"

   So be it, little brother, her name is Bilge Rat."

   "Albert."

   "Yes Frank."

   "Bilge Rat's hubby? Do you want him set aside for Bilge Rat only? Or is he
for everyone?"

   Well, We're already have Helm chowing down on her hubby and that idea of
yours are enraging the others against her. Let's not dilute that. Add Vanilla to
the groups food supply."

   "What about Piglet's but plug, Albert?"

   "How much solution left, Frank?

   "Three vials. We've used four vials on Piglet already."

   Well we'll stop the injections but I want her to carry her father around a
while longer so lets feed daddy at the next feeding period. Which will be day
after tomorrow."

   "Albert in reference to food, I think we should rag on Quack for not
providing milk at tonight's meal."

   Al smiled as he agreed with his brother. "Sounds like a great idea. What do
you have in mind?"

   "The booby press!"

   "That's a great idea Frank! It would be neat seeing the goat milk squirt out
of Quack's boobs. Why don't we stake her out in front of Piglet and let the milk
spray over her face.

   All right Bobby we'll do that. By the way Bobby you need to go a little
easier on Barbie Doll if you want her to be around longer." Cautioned Al.

   "Aww all right Al I'll ease up on her. I'll stop constantly whipping her hard
for a while. I'll just keep her skin a cherry red."

   "Albert we need to do something with Galley Slut and Commode Tart. We haven't
done any thing fun with them since before we nabbed Vanilla and Bilge Rat! I was
thinking of the Crab and the Folder."

   That's sounds great, we'll set them up on either side of Quack in front of
Fucktoy and Co., Frank what do you want to do with Gumby tomorrow?"

   "She, Helm and Barbie Doll can play Sink the Eight ball."

   "Did we forget any toy?"

   "Yes Al there's Titless and Pony Girl left over." Stated Robert.

   "Well let's see. We'll leave Titless bound as she is but let's fill up her
poop chute. As for Pony Girl she gets the walker. Well that should take care of
sports day, now I would..."

   "Excuse me Albert."

   "Yes Frank?"

   "I think that Bobby here should put off being nicer to Barbie Doll until
after sports day. I think that Bobby should wail into Barbie Doll through out
the setup of the toys. Then lets salt her down."

   "Ya, man! That sound really great lets to that! Can we Al?"

   "OK, Ok we'll do it that way. But Bobby if we do you have to lay off all
whipping on Barbie Doll for at less two week. OK."

   "Aww, Al two whole weeks?"

   "Yes, Bobby two weeks. But don't worry you'll won't miss her. Here look these
over then pass them on to Frank." Al tossed the photos that Edna had addressed
onto the table. "While popping Fucktoy's cherry I got to thinking how nice it
would be if we all had a cherry to pop at once. Those photos are all cherries.
Their addresses are on the back. I want Frank and you to bring back three of
them. The photo on top is the one I would like."

   "Three cherries at once. Boy-O-Boy Al, you're right Barbie Doll can hang for
two weeks while we pluck these cherries."

   "Yea Al that would be sweet. Can you handle the toys by yourself? I would
like to take Sweet Pea with us. Bobby can use her as his pro cherry want-a-be
daughter as an intro."

   Laughing hard Al responded, "No problem Frank I can handle the toys. Go ahead
and take my..." Al started to laugh even harder. "...VIRGIN daughter with you.
You'll leave day after tomorrow right after the toys are put away. Well if
they're nothing else you two hit the sack I'll wake you up at midnight, Frank"
his two brothers headed off to their stateroom as Al watched the monitor. When
the monitor flicked to show his daughter slowly turning the pump as it filled
Gumby's bottle. Al leaned forward and flicked the microphone switch. "Sweet Pea
I've told you once to move it. If I catch you piddling again I'll tan your twat
and buzz the toys. So you best put a little hustle into that snail, pace of
yours!" Al watched his daughter speed up her pumping speed.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 30




   Log Entry Number: 31

   Salvaging can be very profitable

  

   Edna's shoulders burned like wildfire, she had spent another night hanging
from her wrist. She had watched the fourteen-year-old and her, charges complete
twenty-five of nearly nonstop round trips. Edna figured that eight hundred and
seventy-five gallons of fuel had been moved throughout the night by the coffle.
Edna remembered how painful it was just dragging things around the yacht by her
pussy lips, so Edna could imagine how painful it was to carry the bottle full of
fuel from pussy lips and breasts. She was sure that the moans and groans that
she could hear would be screams of pure agony if it were not for the mammoth
rubber dildos that were stuffing the captives' mouths. Edna was watching
Elizabeth begin to fill Pony Girl's bottle for the twenty-sixth time when she
heard Al's jovial voice.

   "Good morning Fucktoy! How are we feeling this morning?"

   Out of the corner of her eye Edna saw Al and his two brothers crossing the
gangway. Edna mumbled around the bone in her mouth, "Good morning Al My Lord and
Master. I am feeling fine this morning, Al My Lord and Master."

   Al stepped in front of Edna, then he unstrapped the line that held her head
poised over her mother's maggot ridden putrid cunt. Al grasped a hand full of
Edna's hair and jerked her head up off the bones that were up her nose and in
her mouth. "OPEN!" Al bellowed. Edna open her mouth as wide as she could as Al
scrapped the maggots that were crawling over her face into her mouth. Al then
slammed the heel of his hand against her chin and growled, "CHEW!"

   Blood trickle from Edna's tongue where she bit it when Al slammed his palm
into her chin. Her blood mixed with the maggots to form a paste as she chewed.
Bile rose up into her mouth behind close lips, adding its foul flavoring to the
paste.

   As Edna chewed she watched Al twist and yank the bones free from her mother's
cunt. "SWALLOW!" After Edna swallowed the bloody bile flavor maggot paste, Al
Barked, "OPEN!" Al yanked Edna's wide-open mouth down on to her mother's maggot
riddle rancid cunt and secured her in position with the line he had removed
earlier. Al then placed a clip over her nose cutting off any air reaching her
lungs through her nose. "Keep your lips seal around mommies pussy!" Al roared as
he stepped away.

   Now that she could reach the food that Frank had place in her mother's cunt
Edna wanted nothing to do with it. As she breathed through her mouth some of the
rancid meat juice, leftover piss and maggots were drawn into her mouth. The
contents of Edna's stomach once again rose up in to her mouth and were injected
into her mother's cunt.

   In front of her Frank and Robert were finishing mounting a five-foot wooden
"T" into the deck. Al barked, "Sweet Pea, bring Quack here!"

   Al daughter stopped turning the pump handle and went to the end of the line
of girls. After unhooking Gloria, Elizabeth marched her over to Al.

   "Sweet Pea, get her ready for mounting." Cooed Al.

   Gloria trembled as she glance at the "T" next to her, She had spent many
agonizing hours mounted on that "T" and she knew that the "T" had been set up
for her. However she stood passively as Elizabeth first removed the empty bottle
that hung from her sore pussy lips and breasts. When Elizabeth unhooked her
wrist from her collar she obediently place her hands palm to palm behind her
back and allowed Elizabeth to wind a wet leather thong tightly up her arms. As
the leather thong wound its way up her arms Gloria's elbows were drawn painfully
together. Gloria automatically spread her legs wide when Elizabeth unshackled
her ankles.

   "She ready for mounting Daddy." Chirped Elizabeth.

   Frank and Robert picked Gloria up and slid her over the "T". Gloria was
position so that her body was hanging in front of the "T" and her arms were
draped over the top of the "T" and down the back. Robert secured her wrist to
the back of the "T" Frank grasp Gloria's left ankle. He pulled it back and up to
the outer edge of left side of the "T's" cross-member. Frank secured Gloria's
foot in the abnormal position to the "T" by her big toe. While Frank was
securing Gloria's left foot, Robert was doing the same thing to Gloria's right
foot on the right side of the "T". Gloria gasped and worked her aching jaw
muscles as Al withdrew the long thick rubber dildo from her mouth.

   "Good morning Quack! Have we been productive?" Al sweetly asked as he popped
the cap over Gloria's left nipple off. Gloria gasped as Al kneaded her bloated
sore left breast.

   "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, I've been helping My Most Wise and Wonderful
Mistress, transfer fuel oil with the other Toys." Chirped Gloria.

   Al squeezing caused the milk that was trap in Gloria's breast to squirt out
of her nipple and coat Al's hand. "What is this?" Al asked as he smeared his wet
hand across Gloria's face.

   "It's yummy, nutritious milk that I am storing in my breasts for my Lords and
Masters so they have something to drink during their meager meals."

   Al licked the milk off Gloria's face. "Mmmmm that is tasty! Fucktoy you
should have some of this stuff." Al replaced the cap on Gloria's left breast and
started kneading both breasts. "If you are holding this tasty stuff for me and
my brothers I would like to ask you one thing?" Al stopped kneading Gloria's
breasts and slid his index fingers into her breast rings. "Where the FUCK were
you for last night's supper and this morning's breakfast! I don't remember
getting any of this tasty milk at either meal!" Al bellowed letting his spittle
fly as he yanked Gloria's breast's straight out by the rings.

   Tears swelled up in Gloria's eyes and ran down her face as Al savagely yanked
her tender breasts. Gloria arched he back in an attempt to relieve some of the
strain being exerted on her breasts by Al. But with every fraction of an inch
Gloria manage to thrust her chest forward Al pulled her breasts that much
further out. When she could no longer arch her back any further outward, Robert
slipped a pyramid shape block between the "T" and Gloria's back. The apex of the
pyramid dug into the center of Gloria's back between the shoulder blades. 

   "I'm sorry for not being at the meals to provide My Lords and Masters with
yummy, nutritious milk." Gloria gasped through the pain shooting through her
breasts.

   Al twisted Gloria's stretched breasts in opposite directions as he growled,
"And just what were you doing that was more important the serving me and my
brothers?"

   "I was helping My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress to trans... Arrrgggeee!"
Gloria screamed as Al jerked her twisted and stretched her breasts upward.

   "Sweet Pea! Are you more important then I or your uncles?"

   "No daddy I am not more important then you, Uncle Frank or Uncle Robert. I am
nothing but a lowly harlot. A harlot that is always hot to trot and badly needs
my daddy's and uncle's beautiful cocks buried deep in my holes." Chirped
Elizabeth.

   Well Quack! So much for your excuse! I think you need to meditate on the
proper protocols you are to follow!" Al roared.

   Stuttering violently "Thank you Al My Lord and Master, for allowing me to
reflect on my shortcomings."

   Frank slapped a 1X6" board under Gloria's uplifted, twisted, stretched
breasts. The board had three, threaded rod sticking out of it. There was a rod,
one-inch, from both edges of the 1X6 and one in the center. As Frank held the
board under her breasts, Al Yanked Gloria's breast down with her breasts pulled
down Robert slid another 1X6" board over the rods that stuck up from the bottom
board until it rested on the top of Gloria's breasts. Robert then spun wing nuts
on to the three rods sticking through both boards until the two boards were snug
on Gloria's Breasts. Al then released Gloria's breasts rings and stepped aside.

   "Fucktoy! Tilt your head up, keep your peepers glued to them titties and open
that maw." Al barked.

   Though it was painful and hard to do with her head strap as it was Edna
tilted her head back, jacked her mouth wide open and stared at Gloria's breasts.
Breasts that were, level with her eyes.

   As each of the Anderson brothers twisted a wing nut, Edna watched Gloria's
bloated breasts get thinner and thinner as they were being squished between the
two 1X6 boards.

   As the wing nuts were tighten Gloria's agonizing groans turned to cries of
anguish to nerve racking howls to blood curdling screams. Gloria's ballooned;
breasts were compress until less then an inch separated the two boards. Even
with the caps on her nipples the goat's milk that was trapped in Gloria's
breasts was squirting out. But when Al snapped the caps off two solid streams of
goat milk struck Edna squarely in the face. Edna kept her gaze locked on
Gloria's breasts as goat milk sprayed her face then stream down her face to pool
in her mother's cunt.

   When the stream of milk petered down to a trickle Al barked, "SUCK!"

   Edna plopped her open mouth down on her mother's cunt and started sucking up
the milk and rancid meat juices that lay within her mother's maggot riddled
cunt.

    "Now Quack, you can ponder where those titties should have been while Frank,
Bobby and me were eating. Sweet Pea! Get back to work!" Al barked over Gloria's
blood curdling screams.

   "Yes daddy." Elizabeth hollered over Gloria's screams. Before Elizabeth reach
the hand pump Gloria's screams were muffled by her Uncle Frank as he rammed the
long thick dildo back into Gloria's mouth and secured it there with duct tape.
Gloria thrashed about on the "T" from the searing pain of her squished breasts.
Screaming behind the dildo that stuffed her mouth. 

   Robert yanked on the "J" hook dildo that was imbedded deep within Susan's
ass. Her head was forced back even further then her head was already drawn as
Robert pulled. Al stooped down in front of Susan and cupped his hand under her
chin as the  "J" hook dildo popped from its nesting place. "Titless, see how
diligently the toys are carrying all of that fuel around for you? They were
wondering if you would hold something for them? You well! That's awfully kind of
you! Bobby if you please."

   Susan grunted as Robert rammed a tube deep into her ass. "Please Al no more,
Please! I beg you no more pain please Al! I'll do anything you want, please Al.
Oh please Al anything at all just don't hurt me any more... Aaarrgggeee! Ugh,
mmmmmmm "

   Al slapped Susan's face hard then stuffed a large dildo down her throat. Al
secured the dildo in Susan's mouth with duct tape. Growling as he stood 
"Titless! You best not drop any of the Toys stuff! If you do Bobby and I will
trim your titties down even more and slice that clitty completely off." Growled
Al.

   Susan never finished her plea as her mouth filled up with the shit and piss
solution. Susan swallowed the fowl liquid, praying that this was all that they
were going to do to her, but she knew better. Though drinking down the vile
stuff was disgusting and humiliating it wasn't painful. Pain! Horrible
unrelenting pain, that's what the sadistic Andersons crave. So Susan knew there
would be more then just sucking down shit and piss. Susan wasn't disappointed as
liquid spray out of the tube in her ass. Piss and shit bubbled out of Susan's
nose as she screamed into the gagged that filled her mouth. She bucked and
thrash in her bonds. Her guts felt as if they were lit on fire. Susan didn't
know what was mixed in the water gushing into her bowels, but it fiercely burned
the entire length of her guts. Susan desperately wanted to expel the burning
liquid. But Susan knew that if she did Al would fulfill his promise. Her breasts
still throb with excruciating pain, from where Frank and Robert had sliced the
ends off and the cauterized them.

   Al kicked James squarely on the nose with the point of his steel-toed work
boot. "Morning FAGGOT! COMFY?" Al asked as he walked behind Edna's hanging form
and her backward bent father.

   The once proud strong man, who was already in immense pain from his shattered
arms and the spherical spike steel balls that were imbedded in his rectum.
Sobbed like a baby as blood flowed from his shattered nose. "Yes, Al, My Lord
and Master, I am very comfortable."

   "That's nice to hear, FAGGOT. Oh! I see that your still bunging your
daughters poop chute." Al slammed his booted foot into James's gut. The impact
caused James to howl as the spikes of the three spherical steel balls dug into
the lining of his intestines. Blood once again started to leak out of his rectum
to pool in the small of his backwards-bent back. Al asked, "Enjoying it are you,
FAGGOT?"

   Fighting to control the excruciating vitriolic pain in his guts James
whimpered, "Dear-God Al STOP! I can get you lots of money. Please stop this,
please!"

   Al was about to kick James in the guts again when he herd the word "money",
instead he grasped the line that were lassoing James's nuts and jerked the line
outward. "Money! What money? It best not be the two hundred thousand dollars
that Frank found in that pitifully wall safe he found behind your love nest head
board!" Al tugged harder on James's nuts. "Too late it's ours already!"

   James gasped as he spoke. "No Al it's millions of dollars."

   Al released his grip on the lines attached to James's balls. He raced around
the front and jerked James's head further back by his hair. "Where would you
hide that much money on that scow of yours!"

   Through tear-drenched face James stuttered, "It's not aboard the yacht it's
in banks. I can get it for you, if you stop this torture and let us go."

   "Yea, right! We'll just pop over to your bank and withdraw a couple of
million dollars from a missing guy's account. No problem! Al released James's
hair and reached between mother and daughter. Al dug his fingers deeply into
Susan's shortened burnt breasts as he growled, "I should cut the rest of these
off and stuff them in your mouth FAGGOT!" Al roared.

   "No! No! Please don't Al!  The money is not traceable back to me it's in off
shore accounts that can be transferred electronically. It's yours! Just please
no more torturing! I'll give you all of the codes! All of them please, Al just
stop and turn us loose! Please Al! For-God-Sakes let us go!" James blubbered.

    Al looked over his shoulder at his brothers who were unhooking Barbie Doll
from the coffle of damsels with full bottles of fuel oil. "Bobby leave Barbie
Doll alone and come over here. You too Frank."

   Frank and Robert looked at each other then at their brother quizzically. This
was not part of the plan as they discuss it last night. Both brothers stop
midway in unhooking Barbie Doll from the coffle and went over to their big
brother. "What's up Albert?" asked Frank as he and Robert got next to their
brother.

   Al informed his brothers as to what James told him then turned to his little
brother and ask, "Well Bobby is what FAGGOT says plausible? Can we get to the
funds without them being trace back to us?"

   You bet your ass big bother! These rich fucks are always hiding money from
the government to avoid paying taxes. All we need to know is the bank, the
account number, the access code and password. Once we have those we can move the
money out of FAGGOT'S accounts to our account, or we can leave it where it's at
and change the access code and password so only we can gain access to the
funds."

   "Well let's get the info and get you to Kailua right away!" Al stated
excitedly.

   No need to big bother. SWEET PEA! Go get my laptop and cell-phone and bring
them here pronto!

   By time that Elizabeth returned with her uncle's computer and phone James had
been debowed from between his daughter's legs and was laying on the deck on his
back. His daughter was lowered so she was resting on her knees with her bound
hands resting on her lap.

   "Sweet Pea, go get Quack's med kit and some ritzy clothes for the Garner's
they will be leaving our little group shortly." Al commanded.

   Elizabeth handed the computer and phone to her Uncle Robert who was sitting
in a deck chair next to James's head. She then turned and scurried back to the
Scorpion completely puzzled. Since the abduction of Helen and her seven friends
three years ago her father and uncles had never released any of the captives.
They either died under extreme torture or were still living as their merciless
tortures continued. But they were never released. "No witnesses!" her father
always stated.

   Robert hooked his laptop to the cell-phone, fired-up the laptop and launch
his financial / banking software. Now FAGGOT lets start shall we?"

   Though Edna was grateful that she had been allowed to rest on her knees and
have her arms lowered she shuddered as she stared at her mother shorten burnt
scared breasts that were level with her eyes. Behind her she heard her father
croak out bank names, account numbers and passwords, followed by key clicks on
Robert's computer. For the first time in days Edna had hope. Her father's money
was going to get them out of this living nightmare. She was furious however at
her father for not getting them out of this horror sooner.

   "Daddy I got Quack's medical kit and some ritzy clothes for..." Elizabeth was
at a lost as what to call the three tormented souls before her. Her father had
used their real name. She didn't know if her father wanted her to do also.
Hesitantly she continued, "...the Garner's to wear when they leave." Elizabeth
tried not to cringe when her father arm started to rush towards her.

   "Place them on the deck then go fix some sandwiches, for the Garners. Four
each I think and some milk." Al commanded.

   Elizabeth let out a deep sigh of relief as she placed the bungle of clothes
on the deck where her father was pointing. She then scurried back to the
Scorpion.

   Gloria's contorted face and squished breasts came back into Edna's view as Al
lowered the frame that her inverted mother was hanging from. Gloria's was
continuing her muffled delirious shrieking as she thrashed about on the "T". The
only thing that her thrashing achieved was to cause her clitoris that was being
dragged downward through the center of her wide spread quivering pussy lips by
the tool pouch to bounce and jerk her clitoris viciously about.

   Edna shifted her gaze from Gloria to her mother who was lying on her back
between her and Gloria. Al had already removed the dildo that was feeding her
mother piss and shit with. Edna watched Al, reach between her mother's, wide
spread legs grasped the enema tube that was up her mother rectum and gently
eased the tube out.

   After hanging the enema nozzle on the enema bag Al squatted next to Susan's
head and cooed, you may relive yourself whenever you wish to."

   Upon hearing Al granting her permission and without any modesty Susan ejected
the burning liquid from her bowels. As large pool of brown liquid formed between
Susan's legs Al removed Edna's cuffs from her wrist. Edna yelped as blood race
through her numb hands.

   "563-GF-678 LL-8...." James stopped reciting the account number he was giving
to Robert when he heard his daughter's yelp. With fear in his voice James
nervously asked as he looked at his daughters sun burnt, striped back. "Edna,
are you all right? Robert what's Al doing to my daughter?"

   Leaning over James with his fingers poised on the keyboard of his laptop
Robert in a soft but firm voice spoke to James. "Continue with the account
number. Your daughter is fine; Al is just taking her cuffs off. Show daddy your
hands!"

   "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master." Edna lifted her bloated purple hands up and
let them drape across her shoulders.  "See Noodles the Faggot my kind Lord and
Master Al has graciously allowed me to kneel. And he was kind enough to remove
my wrist cuffs. I'm sorry if I disturb you with my unwarranted out burst. Please
continue Noodles the Faggot on aiding My Lord and Master Robert with his
endeavor."

   Lightly tapping James's nose Robert asked, "Well what shall it be? Are you
going to continue? Or does Al replace those spiked cuffs around those dainty
little wrists of your daughter and hoist her back up?"

   "Bank of England Central Hong Kong Branch, Account number 563-GF-678 LL-851,
Access code 555-58-58-85 password Coridan"

   Robert's fingers danced over the laptop keys. "Got it, next!"

   As James and Robert continued running through James's bank accounts Elizabeth
walked up to her father carrying three plates of sandwiches and a gallon of
milk. Al placed all of the sandwiches on one plate then handed his daughter one
of the empty plates back to her.

   "Sweet Pea lay down between Susan's legs and empty out her box. Place the
goodies you take out on the plate." Al watched his daughter plop down into the
pool of brown liquid that had squirted out of Susan's rectum. He watched his
daughter push her hand into Susan's cunt and scooped out the maggot ridden
putrid meat scraps and French fries and placed them on the empty plate. As his
daughter emptied Susan's cunt he feed Edna two of the sandwiches and let her sip
some milk.

   Wiggling through and rolling around the brown liquid that Susan had ejected
from her ass, Elizabeth cautiously chirped, "I'm done emptying Susan's nasty
twat box daddy."

   "Susan, are you going to behave?"

   "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, Al I will behave." Susan responded.

   "Remove all of Susan's attachments except for the collar, Sweet Pea." Al
watched his daughter get up and head towards the footlocker. "Susan not a single
peep. Just lay there and be quit." Al watch his daughter, lay back down between
Susan's legs with a pair of fishing tackle pliers, and begin removing the
fishhook from Susan's pussy lips. "Sweet Pea when your finish that task you are
to get some of the fancy soaps and oils from Susan's stateroom. Then fill the
tub with fresh water. You're going to bathe the Garners."

   Some two and a half, hours later Robert closed his laptop. Looking at his
brother's with a wide grin he spoke with a nearly uncontrollable excited voice.
"Al, Frank I would like to congratulate you in becoming the newest members of
the millionaires club."

   Frank with equal excitement asked, "How much, Bobby?".

   "A mere fifty-five million smackers!" Replied Robert.

   "Gees! That's over eighteen million apiece!" Exclaim Frank.

   "I'm sorry but that's wrong, Frank!"

   What do you mean little brother! I'm no whiz like you but I can even do
simple math fifty-five million dollars three ways eighteen million and something
each."

   "You misunderstood me Frank the fifty-five million is all ready been split
three ways from one hundred sixty-five million dollars." Robert's grin grew
wider as he watched pure shock wash over both of his brothers' faces. "Ya, I
siphon hundred sixty-five million dollars from the FAGGOT'S slush accounts. I
left about a million in each account to keep them active, so the integrate web
that the FAGGOT had woven will continue to feed funds into the accounts. We'll
make about six to ten million dollars a week. At the end of each month I'll
transfer the acclimated funds to our accounts.

   "FAGGOT thanks for the dough. Now what am I going to do with you?"

   "Please Al let us go! Please!" Wept James.

   "I don't know about that FAGGOT. The first thing the three of you would do is
run to the cops. I don't think so!"

   No, no Al! I promise that we will never go to the authorities." James
stuttered.

   "Well you're a rich man FAGGOT you could hire some fancy detective outfit to
track us down and cause trouble for us."

   "I won't do that Al. I swear that after you release us my wife, daughter or I
will never interfere with your brothers and yours affairs. I well even leave the
bank account as they are so you'll receive millions of dollars every month. Just
let us go. Please!" Pleaded James.

   Well FAGGOT, I'll talk it over with by brothers and let you know. In the
meantime I want you and the girls to behave yourselves. Understand?"

   "Yes Al we'll behave ourselves." James wept.

   "Well, well! We do have something to celebrate now don't we!" Al boomed
jubilantly.  "Sweet Pea, bring Barbie Doll over here."

   "Yes daddy." Elizabeth scampered over to the coffle of girls and removed
Helen from the line and removed her bottle. Elizabeth then delivered Helen to
her father, who was standing just to the left of Gloria. As soon as Helen was
with in range Al lance out with his hand slapping Helen across the face with
enough force to send her sprawling across the deck.

   "Get off that fucking lazy ass and assume your position bitch." Roared Al as
he kicked Helen hard in her cunt.

   Helen scrambled to her feet and stood with her legs spread as wide as her
shackled ankles allowed her. She clasped her hands behind her head and jutted
her breast forward.

   Al walked around Helen several times looking over the well whip marked body
of the girl that started it all. He stopped behind her and swatted her ass
cheeks with his massive hands. "Up on your toes and rotate them buns, bitch!"
Roared Al.

   Helen nearly fell from the force of the impact to her rump from Al twin
blows. She rose up on the toes and started gyrating, her hips.

   "Now bitch, you best be in this position with them hips moving when I get
back. Let's go Sweet Pea!" Al started towards the coffle of girls with their
burden of fuel oil with his daughter following him.

   "Please Al could you release me from my daughter? Please Al." James begged
meekly.

   Al stop and turned towards James with mock bewilderment asked, "I don't know
what you mean FAGGOT. Just what do you want?"

   "Please Al My Lord and Master. Would you Al My Lord and Master allow the
release of my faggot prick from Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy's poop
chute? Please Al, My Lord and Master."

   "I would oblige you but as you can see Quack has a pressing engagement. So
you will just have to hang in there." All three brothers laughed at the duel pun
that Al made. "Titless, feed the FAGGOT some sandwiches while I'm gone. Oh by
the way FAGGOT the way you, Titless and Fucktoy behave during the Sports Day
activities will weigh heavily on my brothers and my decision on whether or not
to free the three of you. So I'm sure the three of you will behave and fully
cooperate and participate in the Sports Day activities." Al, Frank and Elizabeth
headed for the coffle of girls as Robert stepped in front of Helen with a
leather strop in hand. Robert reached up and pulled the long thick dildo from
Helen's mouth. "My, my Barbie Doll you look kind of bland and lusterless. Would
you like me to give you some color and put a shine on you?"

   "Yes, Robert My Lord and Mast... EEEKKK! OWWWW!" Helen shuddered from the
impact of the strop across her left breasts. She let out a yelp as the searing
pain roared through the bouncing ballooned tit flesh.

   Shut the fuck up Barbie Doll! You were not given permission to speak!" Robert
roared as he slashed Helen's right breast even harder.

   Helen managed to keep from squealing from the second blow of the strop, but
she dropped from her stance on her toes to the balls of her feet. Just before
her heels touched the deck Robert lifted her off the deck by her breasts when
Robert hooked his fingers into her breasts rings and pulled them upward.

   "BARBIE DOLL! Didn't my brother tell you to stay on your toes and to keep
that tush of yours in motion?"

   "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master!" Helen wailed

   "Then I suggest you do it or I'll hang you... (Robert shook Helen by her
breasts) by these." Robert lowered Helen until she was standing on the balls of
her feet. "WELL! Toes or hang?"

   "Toes, Robert My Lord and Master!" Helen sobbed as she rose up on her toes
and gyrated, her hips.

   "Now stay like that and I best not here a peep out of you!" Robert roared as
he released her breast rings. He swatted both her breasts six times in rapped
section. Helen shook from the impacts but she remained on her toes gyrating, her
hips as she remained completely silent.  Robert then slashed Helen just under
her breasts. He slashed and slashed the front of Helen's body from her neckline
to her toes. After whipping her front Robert took up a stance behind Helen and
slashed the soles of her feet then up the back of the legs, across her rump and
up her back stopping just below the neck. Stepping in front of Helen he slashed
her breasts once again.

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY 31




   Log Entry Number: 32

   Sports Day

  

   Edna watched Robert strike Helen entire body savagely with the strop as he
circle Helen. Though Helen flinched and wobbled from each impact of the strop,
Helen silently remained in position up on her toes, hands clasped behind her
head jutting her breasts out for each and every blow. Robert whipped Helen until
Al returned. Behind Al walking sideways were Commode Tart and Helm Bitch who
were carrying a bench by their breast rings. Next followed Galley Slut and Gumby
carrying a gallows rigging in the same manner. Behind them was Pony Girl towing
a treadmill behind her by her pussy lips. Al's daughter was struggling to
carrying the dreaded footlocker of torture devices and bring up the rear was
Frank who was carrying three six packs of beer.

   Commode Tart and Helm knelt to Quack's left while Galley Slut and Gumby knelt
to the right of Quack. Pony Girl stop to right of Galley Slut and Gumby.
Elizabeth placed the box she was carrying in front of Quack. After removing a
tube from the box Elizabeth stood to the left of Commode Tart and Helm.

   "Titless! Sit on the deck in front of Piglet and watch the show!" Barked
Frank. Susan stopped feeding her husband and sat in front of her daughter.

   "Barbie Doll! Go to Sweet Pea!" Roared Robert.

   Mother and daughter watch the fourteen-year-old open the familiar tube of
muscle rub and rub the cream into the just whipped flesh of originating source
of there pain and anguish. Their attention was drawn to the bench by Al's gruff
commanding voice.

   "Commode! Bench! Head aft!"

   Susan and Edna watched Marsha lay down on the bench with her head hanging off
the edge closes to them. Al secured Marsha to the bench with two leather belts
that were part of the bench. One went around Marsha's chest just above her plump
breasts. The second one went just under the breasts.

   Al pulled the belts so tight that they were drawn deep in to Marsha's flesh.
Al then secured Marsha's head backwards to the bench legs by two stretched
bungee cords hook into her nose. While Al was securing Marsha to the bench Frank
and Robert drove two eye bolts into the teak wood deck six feet apart some three
feet in front of the bench. Now that Marsha was secured to the bench Al secured
the bench to the deck while Frank and Robert attached a line to each of Marsha's
ankles cuffs and feed the lines through the just installed eye bolts.  Marsha
was folded in half and her legs were drawn wide apart as Frank and Robert pulled
on the lines. When Marsha's toes touched the eyebolts the lines were threaded
through her breasts rings then secured. Marsha had to keep herself in the folded
position with her legs spread wide toes touching the eyebolts or stretch her
breasts. Already her back was beginning to ache from her unnatural position.

   "Comfy?" Giggled Al.

   Though she was anything but "comfortable" Marsha replied in her sweetest,
sexist voice. "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, I am very comfortable. Thank you for
allowing me to rest. Though I enjoy working for My Wise and All Knowing
Mistress, Sweet Pea, she is a harsh taskmistress. I thank you for letting me
lounge around."

   "Barbie Doll! Come here!" Roared Robert.

   With a frothy coating of muscle rub scorching her whipped flesh Helen
scampered over to Robert.

   "Assume your position! Up on your toes and waggle them buns." Snapped Robert.

   No sooner then Helen got in to position Robert, begin to strike her savagely
with his leather strop while Al and Frank secured the gallows rig to the deck.

   "GALLEY! Get your ass over here!" Bellowed Al as he finished securing the
gallows to the deck.

   Betty scrambled over to Al who unhooked her wrist from her collar and removed
the short chain that was attached to her ankle cuffs. Once her feet were
unshackles she sat down under the gallows with her legs drawn up to the front of
her chest. After Al handed her two halyard clips, Betty separated her feet until
her heels touch eyebolts in the gallows support frame.  Then she hooked the
halyard clips to the eyebolts and her ankle cuffs. Once she had her ankles
clipped wide apart Betty, laid down and place her palms on the brace on the
gallows on each side of her head. While Frank secured her wrist cuffs to the
base, Al clipped a "Y" sling that hung from the gallows hook to Betty's breasts
and clit rings.

   "WELL!" Barked Al as he grasped the crank handle on the vertical beam of the
gallows.

   With her voice cracking and stuttering Betty sweetly asked, "Al, My Lord and
Master would please help me up. Pretty please!"

   Sure Galley, I'll help you out." Snickered Al as he started to rapidly turn
the crank.

   Betty pushed her torso upward in an attempt to keep pace with Al's cranking
that pulled her breasts and clitoris upwards. When Al stopped cranking Betty was
standing on her hands and feet with her back bowed backwards. Her breasts and
clit were painfully stretched taunt, but if she held her backwards arched
position Betty would not hang from her body parts.

   "Comfy?" Al asked as he swatted Betty's gapping cunt. 

   "Yes Al My Lord and Master, I'm very comfortable. Thank you for allowing me
to take a break from helping My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress from moving the
fuel oil to the Scorpion.

   Robert who had be whipping Helen savagely throughout Betty's setup stopped
and walked over to the footlocker that Elizabeth had sat down in front of Gloria
and removed a box of salt and three brown paper bags. After handing Helen the
salt he hook his thumb towards Elizabeth, then handed one of the bags to each of
his brothers.

   Helen rushed over to Elizabeth with the salt. "Please, would you My Most Wise
and Wonderful Mistress, would you please... (Betty handed Elizabeth the box of
salt.)  "...rub this salt into my whipped flesh." Begged Helen as she took up
her position in front of Elizabeth.

   Mother and daughter watched Helen struggle to remain still and quit as
Elizabeth rubbed salt into the angry purple welted skin, as each of the brothers
stood before a gaping cunt with their little brown bags. Susan's and Edna's view
was block by the three male Andersons, but the agonizing moans, groans and yelps
coming from the three bound girls confirmed that the three men were doing
something horribly cruel to Gloria, Marsha, and Betty.

   Several minutes later Al was the first to finish cooed sweetly as he stepped
away from Gloria, "Titless, Fucktoy, just look at this cute little butterfly."

   Al giggled as Susan and Edna gasped in horror at what they saw. Gloria's cunt
and ass hole were obscenely stretch wide open by fishhooks. Gloria's outer pussy
lips had been pierce by four fishhooks, two at the top and two at the bottom.
The outer pussy lips were drawn unbelievable far apart, which formed an
hourglass shape box. Another two hooks were driven through the center of
Gloria's inner pussy lips and they were also pulled wide apart. Al had removed
the tool pouch from Gloria's clit and had pulled it up over her pussy mound.
Long pins were jammed through the head of the clit and into her mound to hold
the clitoris in its stretched position. The head of Gloria's clit look like it
had antennas. The entire set up did make Gloria's pussy look like a pink
butterfly. Gloria's star shape anal entrance was pulled wide open by four hooks.

   "Well, what do you think? Isn't that the prettiest butterfly the two of you
have ever seen?"

   Together mother and daughter responded, ""Yes, Al, My Lord and Master, its
the prettiest butterfly I have ever seen."

   "Are you two sure about that? What about this butterfly?" Robert asked as he
stepped away from folded over form of Marsha. Marsha's cunt and rectum had been
cruelly stretched out in the same way as Gloria's.

   "Yo! SLUTS what about this cute little butterfly?" Guff Frank as he stepped
aside.

   Betty's cunt and ass was treated the same as Gloria's and Marsha's. The only
difference was Betty's clit. It was not pined to her mound like the other two.
Instead it was being stretched taunt as it aided in keeping Betty in her crab
stance. However the clit head did have two long pins sticking out of it like
antennas.

   "Well Titless, Fucktoy! Which butterfly do you two like the best?" inquired
Al as he squatted in front of Susan and Edna. "I'll tell you what, I'll give you
two a few minutes to examine each butterfly then one of the butterflies will be
selected as the winner will be released the losers will remain bound as they are
and be further tortured!" Al rose up and joined his brothers who were standing
by the treadmill.

   "Barbie Doll! Get your ass over here!" Roared Robert.

   With salt crystals glistening in the sun from her sweating body Helen rushed
over to where Al, Frank and Robert were standing on wobbly legs. Without being
told she got up on her toes, clasped her hands behind her head, jutted her
breasts forward gyrating her hips lewdly. She braced herself for the leather
strop from her tormentor that she had teased and embarrassed on a distance
football three long agonizing years ago.

   She was not disappointed, no sooner then she was in position she felt the
brutal slash across her left breast. For the third time today her entire body
was going to be beaten. "God! Hadn't she already paid in full her penitence for
her high and mighty actions on that football field with Robert." thought Helen
as her knees buckled slightly as Robert slashed her right breast.

   "Pony Girl! Treadmill!" Snapped Al.

   Lori mounted the treadmill and stood between two stanchions. Al clipped four
springs from the stanchions to the bottom of her saddle. The springs would hold
Lori in place so she could nether get off the treadmill or fall, but allowed her
to move about freely on the treadmill. Al shoved two long thin dildos that had
two hose leading down from each dildo to the base of the treadmill into her cunt
and ass. Next Al attached cables to her pussy lips, clitoris, and breast rings.
Lastly he hung two heavy weights from each of the rings.

   "Trot!" barked Al.

   Lori's pussy lips, clit and breasts started to be jerk outward then snap back
alternately as the mechanical connections on the cables attached to Lori's rings
started to rock back and forth. As she trotted the weights hanging from her
rings bounced around pulling at her flesh. As feet plodded along the tread moved
beneath her causing a small pump to inflate the dildos up her snatch and poop
chute to inflate. The two dildos expanded to the size and shape of a football.
When the pressure in the dildo reached ten pounds a pressure release valve on
top of the dildos would pop open and the air would rush out of the tip of the
dildo. The rushing air acted like an atomizer and drew Tabasco sauce up the
second tube and sprayed a fine mist of the Tabasco sauce into Lori's pussy and
rectum. As the sauce settled on the mucus membranes it made Lori, think that her
lower holes were afire. As soon as Lori felt the air release from the dildos
inside her she clamp down with her cuntal and anal muscles to prevent the dildos
from jetting out from her holes. After all of the air in the dildos was released
the pressure valve closed and the cycle would repeat.

   "Faster Pony and lift them knees!" Roared Al.

   Lori increased her trotting speed and lifted her legs high enough so that her
ballooned breasts were bouncing off her thighs.

   "Helm, Gumby, position yourselves in front of your lesbian partners." Roared
Al.

   With one final savage stroke to her cunt, Robert barked. "You too Barbie
Doll!".

   Paring up as they always do Gumby stood in front of the gapping pussy of the
crab stance form of Galley Slut to form team Frank. Barbie Doll stood in front
of the folded form of Commode Tart to form team Robert. And lastly Helm stood in
front of Quack hanging from the "T" for team Al. Al's daughter Sweet Pea hooked
the left wrists of Gumby, Barbie Doll and Helm to there collars. Then place a
paddle in each of there free hands.

   The paddle was made from stout teakwood. From the center of the paddle was a
wooden rod eight inches long with a diameter of one inch. Fastened atop each rod
was a black number eight, pool ball.

   Once Sweet Pea finished handing out the paddles she remove the gags from
Commode Tart, Galley Slut, and Quack's mouths. Next she took a grease gun out of
the box and filled their cunts and asses with grease.

   "The pockets are ready, Daddy." Chirped Elizabeth as she finished pumping
grease into Marsha's poop chute.

   "Helm, stand so that Fucktoy and Titless can see Quack's nasty twat." As Mary
moved to the left of Gloria Al explain to Edna and Susan what was about to
happen. "Fucktoy, Titless we're are going to play Sink The Eight Ball. Helm
demo!"

   Without hesitation Mary swung her paddle plunging the pool ball into Gloria's
cunt until the paddle slapped Gloria's wide spread pussy lips.

   SMACK! "ONE-TWAT!" Gloria cried out.

    After a resounding smack Mary yank the pool ball out of Gloria's cunt. Once
Mary had her arm arc all the back she let her arm fly forward plunging the black
number eight, pool ball into Gloria's gaping poop chute.

   SMACK! "ONE -POOPER!" Gloria cried out.

   In rapped successive smacking blows Mary slammed the pool ball first into the
gapping holes of Gloria's twat then the poop chute. SMACK! "TWO-TWAT!" SMACK!
"TWO-POOPER!" SMACK! "THREE-TWAT!" SMACK! "THREE-POOPER!" Gloria cried out after
each blow. SMACK! "FIVE-POOPER!"

   "HALT!" Boomed Al.

   On hearing Al's command, Mary stopped in mid stroke and started to eagerly
flick her tongue over the pool ball.

   "What's the count Helm?" Al asked.

   Mary continued to slurp and lick on the pool ball as she answered Al. "Five
in the nasty twat pocket and five in the steamy pooper pocket. That's ten, eight
balls sunk, Al My Lord and Master.

   "Quack?"

   "My Lord and Master, The most talented Helm Bitch has successfully sunk five,
eight balls in my disgusting twat pocket and five, eight balls in my stinky
pooper pocket. I enjoyed the ten exquisitely place eight ball in my sluttish
holes for our extremely kind benefactors, billiard enjoyment." Sobbed Gloria.

   "PADDLE!" Barked Al.

   Mary scurried over to Al and presented the paddle to him. Al popped the eight
ball off the stick and held the ball so that the hole where the stick was
inserted in front of Edna. "Fucktoy, what do you see?"

   Edna peered down the hole bored into the pool ball and relayed what she saw
to Al. "I see a number ten, Al, My Lord and Master."

   "Very good Fucktoy. Quack, Helm and you agree on the total." Stated Al as he
replace the pool ball back on the stick and handed it back to Mary. "Get your
buns back in place!"

    Mary scurried back to stand next to Gloria with the paddle at the ready. She
let out a deep sigh of eternal gratitude at having approach Al and was allowed
to withdraw from him without Al inflecting further pain on her young body. Mary
shuddered, as she looked at the girl fifteen years her elder hanging from the
"T" with her breasts being squished. She glance at Gloria inflamed cunt and ass
that was being held wide open by the fishhooks. She knew that the ten wicked
blows she had just delivered was just the beginning not the end of the blows to
the already redden tissues.

   "Fucktoy, Titless, now that you know how "Sink the Eight Ball" works we will
start the game. Our three sluttish players will have thirty minuets to sink as
many eight balls as they can into the provided pockets.

   Both members of each team will keep the score. The sinkers will count
silently while the pockets will count out loud. The counter built into the eight
ball will verify the count. If any of the scores don't mach with the counter
five lashes will be awarded for each point that was in error to both team member
boobies.

   After thirty minuets the team with the highest score will share this. (Al
held up a single cherry.) Here Fucktoy you can hold the prize. (Al shoved the
cherry up Edna's left nostril.) The second place team will receive a gallon each
of yummy piss and shit cocktail. The team with the lowest score will be treated
to Titless, scrumptious pussy dinner to eat. (Edna glanced down at the plate
that had the putrid maggot ridden meat and fries that Elizabeth had scooped out
of her mother's cunt.) Now that every one knows how Sink the Eight Ball is
played, let's get started. READY SET..."

   "EXCUSE ME ALBERT!" Frank voice boomed cutting Al off in mid command. However
a single resounding smack rang out as Bonnie slammed her paddle into Betty's
twat. "But we have a additional way of keeping track of the scoring."

   "What is it Frank?" inquired Al.

   "The two new bitches can help keep track of the scoring. Piglet can keep
track of balls sunk in Quack. And Titless being a expert score keeper can keep
track of balls sunk into Commode and Galley." Responded Frank as he walked over
to Bonnie.

   Cupping the chins of Susan and Edna in his massive hands Al ask, "Does that
sound like a fun thing to do?"

   In unison mother and daughter answered, "Yes, Al, My Lord and Master it does
sound like fun."

   "Then so be it! Fucktoy, You will join Helm's team and Titless you will join
Barbie Doll and Gumby's teams. Now where was I? O-Ya; getting this little event
underway but first Frank if you please."

   Bonnie had frozen in place after she impaled the pool ball in Betty's cunt.
Now she was flying across the deck as Frank slammed his fist into her gut as he
barked, "Fifteen point penalty for that false start, Gumby! Start over!"

   Before Bonnie landed back on the deck Al roared, "READY, SET, GO!" The
resounding sounds of smacks against flesh rang out as Gloria cried out
"Six-Twat" while at the same time Marsha Cried out "One-Twat". With pain
wrenching through her guts Bonnie scrambled back to her feet and rushed back
over to Betty. By time she pulled the pool ball out of Betty's cunt and plunged
it back in she was twenty-nine points behind Mary and fourteen points behind
Helen (Which didn't included her fifteen, point penalty.).

   With three different sets of numbers being screamed out around her Edna was
having trouble keeping track of the proper counting of the blows to Gloria. Edna
realized that if she was having trouble keeping track of her counting her mother
must be at a total lost trying to keep track of Marsha and Betty's eight ball
count. She also couldn't see how the Three bound girls having their pussies and
poopers savagely beaten could keep track of the number of time they were
penetrated by the pool ball as they scream and howl. Edna also saw the three
Anderson brothers slash the backsides of the paddlers with leather strops as
they barked "HARDER!" or "FASTER!" sometimes both depending which the brothers
thought was appropriate.

   "TIME!" Roared Al.

   The three sweet drench paddlers stopped there vigorous whacking and stood at
attention with their shackled feet spread as far as the short chain allowed them
too. They then started to suck and lick the bloody pool ball paddle.

   The nude Elizabeth, (she had removed her rubber bikini suit and had provided
all three of her holes to her father and uncles cocks during the event.) prance
up to the folded form of Marsha and asked, "Galley Slut what was your count? The
sobbing girl answered Elizabeth, who wrote down the information on a clipboard.
Elizabeth next moved to the squished tits form of Gloria hanging from her "T",
then to the crab stance form of Betty writing down the figures that were given
to her on the clip board. Next Elizabeth asked Bonnie for her tally as she took
the paddle from Bonnie's hand and rehooked Bonnie's wrist back to her collar.
After writing down Bonnie's response she took the paddle apart and recorded its
reading. .

   As Elizabeth moved to Mary, Bonnie sashayed over to Frank and bent over at
the waist in front of him. Waggling her hips lewdly, with a hard to understand
mumbling, (Do to her tongue being cut out.) she asked , "Frank My Lord and
Master, could you please fill one of my worthless stinking fuck tunnels with
your magnificent male seed. Please Frank, My Lord and Master."

   "SUCK!" Bonnie spun around and dropped to her knees and started to suck on
Frank's prick.

   After recording Mary's tabulation and her pool ball counter, Al selected
Mary's poop chute to ream after presenting and offering herself to him.

   When Helen made her offering Robert kicked her squarely in her cunt with his
steel toe boot as he yelled, "TOES! HIPS!" Helen struggled back up to her feet.
She rose herself up on her toes and gyrating, her hips and thrust her breasts
out. Thwack! Helen's, ballooned left breast bounce up and down as Robert slashed
it with his strop. He would partake, his spunk spurting with Beth down in the
engine room later. This would be the last time for several weeks to give a
thorough body whipping to his little Barbie Doll. Oh he'll give the titties
there punishment whipping for the inaccurate eight ball score keeping but he
want one last thorough body whipping before he left for Pearl.

   With his beer can thick cock buried in Mary's poop chute, Al jerked Mary back
and forth along it's thirteen inch length by her breasts that were being grasped
in his massive hands. On seeing his daughter finish writing down Susan and
Edna's totals Al growled, "Well!"

   "Helm Bitch is the winner daddy she sunk the most balls in Quacks pockets."
Responded Elizabeth.

   "Well then Sweet Pea, give the winners their prize."

   "Yes daddy." Elizabeth pulled the cherry from Edna's nose. Holding the cherry
high over her head Elizabeth sang in a sweet and loud voice, "Hear-ye, here-ye
for all that are present let it be known that Helm Bitch's team has won the Sink
the Eight Ball contest. Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy as one of the
three winners of the Sink the Eight Ball contest you are awarded the CHERRY! 
May, all of your future competitions be as fruitful. Elizabeth broke off about a
third of the cherry and inserted it in Edna's mouth. Then Elizabeth moved to
Mary and repeated her speech and fed her a third of the cherry. After delivering
the victory speech for the third time Elizabeth gave Gloria the last of the
cherry.

   Elizabeth picked up the two gallons of piss and shit and held them over her
head. "Hear-ye, here-ye for that all that are present let it be known that
Gumby's team has come in second place in the Sink the Eight Ball contest. Umm,
daddy I have only two gallons of piss and shit should I split it thr.."

   "Sweet Pea, Come here!" Al roared. Elizabeth rushed to her dad who had
released one of Mary's breasts. "Sweet Pea what's the matter with these? (With
his free hand Al jammed his index and middle finger into his daughter's eyes,)
Can't you see that your Uncle Frank has Gumby's mouth full right now? So how is
she going to drink that yummy cocktail? Just give the two cocktails to Titless
and Galley and give Gumby's to her later when you have gotten another gallon of
cocktail."

   Squinting through her throbbing eyes Elizabeth held the two jugs above her
head and sang, "Titless Wonder as one of the second place winners of the Sink
the Eight Ball contest you are awarded a gallon of sweet piss and shit cocktail
for you to drink!  May, your endeavors in future competitions be more
successful." Elizabeth slipped the suction tube into Susan's mouth and placed
the jug of piss and shit on the deck before her. Elizabeth sang out the
congratulation speech for Betty then inserted the suction tube in Betty's mouth.

   Elizabeth started to place the cocktail container on the deck when her father
barked, "Tummy!"

   Elizabeth place the gallon container on the stomach of Betty making it harder
for the twenty year old to maintain her crab stance while putting more strain on
her tautly stretched breasts and clit. Betty even had to be cautious when she
breathed so that she would not cause the container on her stomach to fall to the
deck.

   Elizabeth's, voice changed from the sweet sing tone to a seething hateful
one. The fucked-up lazy whorish Barbie Doll came in a pitiful third. I don't
think there should be any prize awarded to her and her team members for such a
dismal display of enthusiasm. However do to my father and uncles kind and tender
hearts they will receive a fine meal to eat provided by Titless Wonder.

   Elizabeth picked up the plate of rotting maggot ridded meat scraps and fries
that she had dug out of Susan's cunt high over her head. In the same seething
hateful voice Elizabeth bellowed, "Hear-ye, hear-ye for that all that are
present let it be known that Barbie Doll's team has come in last place in the
Sink the Eight Ball contest. Titless Wonder, here is your portion of your prize.
(Elizabeth slip the jug suction hose from Susan's mouth then scooped up about a
teaspoon of the rotting food off the plate and shoved it in to Susan's mouth.
After reinserting the jug's suction hose in Susan's mouth Elizabeth move on to
the folded form of Marsha. Elizabeth fed Marsha a teaspoon amount of the rotting
food, after Elizabeth recited her speech.

   Robert slashed Helen's pussy mound with his strop then barked, "KNEEL!" After
Helen dropped to her knees Robert stood behind Helen and resume his relentless
slashing of his collage coed.

   With the plate that still contain most of the rotting food, Elizabeth walked
up to Helen's kneeling form and kicked Helen in her pussy. "Though your other
teammates bare some of the responsibly for the pitiful performance displayed
during this event it was your worthless lazy ass that was the main cause of your
team coming in last place. You were so slack-ass that Gumby with a fifteen-point
penalty caught up with you and pass you easily. Even after my kind Uncle Frank
gave you a nice warm-up." Elizabeth once again kicked Helen in her cunt. "So it
really ticks me off that you get any type of prize, much less this
mouth-watering succulent meal." Elizabeth delivered a third kick to Helen's
cunt. "However I will honor my father's and uncle's benevolent wish and allow
you to enjoy this tasty meal." Elizabeth scooped up a handful of the rotting
food with wriggling maggots and shove in into the Helen's mouth.

   With tears streaking down her face, Helen shuddered under the impact of
Robert's strop across her rump as she chewed on the vile food. Just as she
swallowed Elizabeth kicked her in her cunt once again, then stuff another hand
full of the putrid food into her mouth.

   She had truly tried her best to maintain a high rate of speed as she slammed
her eight ball into Marsha twat and ass. But the near constant whippings had
taken their toll on her energy. Even throughout the contest Robert had savagely
beat her. Though she started out at a good clip the pool ball paddle soon felt
like a lead weight. No mater, how hard she tried she wasn't able to maintain the
same speed that the other two paddlers could maintain.

   After the seventh kick to her cunt by Elizabeth and swallowing the forth
mouthful of maggots and rancid food Robert barked "TOES!" Helen struggled up on
her toes and gyrating her hips, as Robert walked in front of her.

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY 32




   Log Entry Number: 33

   Two new crew members

  

   "Daddy all of the prizes for the Sink the Eight Ball contest has been
distributed." Chirped Elizabeth.

   "Sweet Pea, what's the result of the tally record?" Al asked his daughter?

   "Daddy, Helm Bitch had no errors, Quack Bitch count was off by three and
Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy was off by nine. Helm Bitch team has a
total of twelve point error witch has earned sixty penalty points.

   "My, my were getting quite good at this aren't we, Helm?" Al cooed as he
fired his load of jism deep into Mary's bowels. With his still ridged cock still
buried up her poop chute Al pulled Mary upright by her breasts and cooed in her
ear, "I'm going to give you a special treat later for being such a good little
counter."

   "Gumby was off by six points, Galley Slut was off by eight and Titless Wonder
was off by twenty five. That's a total error of thirty-nine for a total one
hundred and ninety-five penalty points.

   Barbie Doll was off by four, Commode Tart was off by six and Titless Wonder
was off by eighteen. That's a total errors of twenty-five for one hundred and
twenty-five penalty points."

   Robert walked up to Marsha and squatted over her face. "Well brothers what
did I tell you this fancy number crunchier is totally worthless. She can't even
count properly. We were right in assigning her position." Robert released the
bungee cord from Marsha's nose and pulled her head up until her nose slipped
into the furrow of his ass. "OPEN!" Marsha opened her mouth wide allowing the
long dark turd slithering from Robert's rectum to fill her oral cavity up. Once
Marsha's mouth was filled with shit Robert's turd continue to descended and coil
across her face. "CHEW!" Marsha begin chewing on the shit in her mouth as Robert
stood up. "However I think that we should try to at lease try the teach the
bubble headed slut how to count." Robert used Marsha's hair to wipe his ass as
he continued to speak. "So you worthless, fucked-up slut for the rest of the day
Barbie Doll here is going to play solitaire Sink the Eight Ball. So you can
learn to count. Every now and then Sweet Pea will collect the tallies. This
cycle will continue until you have ten tallies in a row with out any errors."

   "That sounds like a great idea Bobby." Giggled Al as he walked over to Gloria
with Mary still impaled on his thirteen-inch ramrod stuffed up her poop chute.
Standing in front of Gloria, he popped the dildo stuffing her mouth out. In a
firm menacing tone he barked, "Titless get your ass over here pronto!" Susan
scrambled over to Al and stood shaking like a leaf.  "Quack! Can Titless,
boobies take the three hundred and twenty penalty strokes?" Al growled as he
tweaked her bulging nipples.

   The hanging form of the once proud and independent thirty-three year old
medical professional, look past her bloated nipples that were sticking out from
the boards that were squished her breast flat. Before her stood the nude Susan.
Gloria looked at Susan's breasts that had the nipples and the ends of the
breasts cut off. Viscous, yellowish-white pus leaking from the edges of Susan's
scared blacken breasts. Choking back her sobs Gloria spoke in a wobbly cracking
voice, "Al My Lord and Master, Titless Wonder's breasts are very infec...
Eeeekkkk!"

   Al rammed his burly fist up her cunt. Did I ask for any gobbledygook? I don't
think so!"

   "NO!!!" Howled, Gloria in pure agony. "No, Al My Lord and Master, Titless
Wonder boobies can not take three hundred and twenty penalty strokes across
them."

   "Awe shucks! Did you hear that Titless? Quack here doesn't think you can take
a few soft-caressing strokes on your lovely-modified boobies. Now just what are
we going to do? I know you would love to have your boobies caress. But we can't
go against the sound medical advice of such a world-renowned doctor? Now can we?
What? Yes I know your heart is broken up about it, but doctor's orders are
doctor's orders. What? Are you sure? Now that's what I call a true act of
kindness. Without any of your normal bitchy jealousy on your part you want to
donate your soft-caress to Pony's boobies instead of yours. Well why don't you
sashay over to Pony and ask her if she would like her boobies lovingly
caressed?"

    Susan waddled over to Lori like a cheap street hooker looking to be picked
up. In a Sweet and sexy voice Susan asked, "Pony Girl due to medical advice from
Quack Bitch I can not have my boobies lovingly caress. Would you like to have
your boobies lovingly caress instead?"

   Lori who had been trotting at a rapid pace on the treadmill for over an hour
gasped both from the exhausting pace and the pain she was in. "Yes Titless
Wonder, I would love to have my boobies lovingly caress."

   Susan sashay back over to Al. "Al My Lord and Master, Pony Girl would like
her boobies caressed."

   "That's nice to hear." Al walked Susan back over to Lori.

   Thwack! "One! Thank you sir may I have another!" Gasped Lori. Thwack! "Two!
Thank you sir may I have another!" Thwack! "Three! Thank you sir may I have
another!" Thwack! "Four! Thank you sir may I have another!"  Al savagely rapped
the tops of Lori's breasts four times, two across each bouncing breast with a
thin springy bamboo cane. Four angry red streaks sprang up across Lori's
breasts.

    "I'll tell you what, because you are so sweet and kind I going to let you
caress Pony's boobies yourself." Al handed Susan the cane. "Now Titless you are
to caress Pony's boobies with the same tender loving care that I just did for
the remaining three hundred and sixteen loving strokes. If you don't we just may
give you double the amount of loving strokes (Al slapped Susan's cunt hard.)
across this."

   With all of her might that she was able to muster Susan lashed down on Lori's
left breast as it bounced up off of Lori's left knee.

   "Five! Thank you Titless Wonder may I have another!"

   With dread Susan lashed the cane with equal force across Lori's right
bouncing breast. Then the left followed by another sting blow to the right. Lori
counted each blow and asked for another one. As Susan continue to slash Lori's
breast she heard the sound of another cane striking skin and the agonizing voice
of Gloria sing out "One! Thank you sir may I have another!" Soon a warble,
wassailing chorus broke out as more canes struck flesh.

   There was so much agony in her utterance it was barely understandable Lori
screeched and balled, "Three hundred and twenty! "Thank you Titless Wonder may I
have another!"

   It had been nearly an hour later when Susan landed her last blow across
Lori's right breast. She stopped and turned around to find every set of eyes
lock on to her. "Al My Lord and Master I'm done lovingly caressing Pony Girl's
boobies."

   "My, my aren't we the slow one! That's OK you'll learn to speed things up."
Giggled Al. "But in the mean time why don't you apologies to each toy for making
them wait around for you. Kiss each and every nipple."

   Starting with the breasts that she had just whipped Susan gingerly kissed
Lori's left nipple.

   "TITLESS!"

   Susan nearly crawled out of her skin as Al roared.

   "That is not a proper kiss! Suck that titty in that maw of yours."

   Susan sucked Lori's left nipple deep into her mouth.

   "Now bite down hard!"

   Susan bit down hard on the nipple in her mouth.

   "Pull your head back until that titty is nice and taunt!"

   Keeping her teeth tightly clamp around the nipple crushed between her teeth
Susan drew her head back until the breast was, taunt. Susan had trouble keeping
the breast taunt every time Lori's knee slapped the underside of her breast as
she continue to perform a high stepping trot on the treadmill.

   "Now release the grip on the titty slightly and let it slide through your
teeth. Just like hubby did with yours"

   Susan heard Lori low guttural whine as her teeth scraped a thin layer of skin
off Lori's nipple as it slid over her teeth. Lori's breast shook like a bowl of
Jell-O as it popped free of Susan's mouth.

   "Right titty!" Growled Al.

   Susan repeated the steps to Lori's right nipple.

   "Next set!"

    Susan moved on to Betty and "kissed" her nipples. Do to Betty's crab stance
her breast were already being stretch taunt so Susan had to pull her head back
in order to scrape Betty's nipples. Susan worked her way around the semicircle
of girls "kissing" nipples. Her own daughter was the last set of nipples that
she "kissed". Every set of female breasts that she "kissed" showed signs of
being savagely beaten with a cane. The only breasts that were not marked by a
cane were the young budding breasts of Elizabeth and her own puss dripping
shortened breasts.

   "Helm, Gumby move it!" Bellowed Frank.

   Drudgery Mary and Bonnie Followed Frank, as he headed for the Scorpion, with
Robert taking up the rear. After Frank and Robert lead their charges off Al
rearranged the Garner's Susan was now laying on top of the crab stance form of
Betty. James who still had his cock stitched in his daughter's rectum, was
strapped to her back. Edna knelt next to Gloria with her father strap to her
back. Now all of the captives were arrange in a semicircle with Al laying back
in a deck chair drinking beer and eating sandwiches. The young fourteen-year-old
Elizabeth was doing one of four things. When she wasn't tallying up Marsha's
Sunk the eight Ball scores she bounced up and down on her father's massive
thirteen inch one-eye wonder sliding in and out of her cunt or poop chute. Or
she was sucking and licking the massive male tool. When ever her father shot his
load of jism into her mouth Elizabeth would retain the last mouthful walk up to
Edna and spit the gooey spunk into Edna's face.

   Aboard the Scorpion Frank and the two girls entered the cargo-hold. Frank
outfitted Helm and Gumby in salvage hauling rigs. Then placed the barbecue pit
and branding equipment in one cargo box and a set of stanchions and rods in the
other.

   Robert headed for the engine room. As he open the hatch low pitiful moans and
groans cascaded out. Robert chuckled as he walking up to Beth. She was still
impaled on the dildo shape rod jutting up from the bilge. Her thighs and calves
muscles twitched and quivered sporadically as she strain to remain up on her
toes to ease the ripping pain that the metal dildo was causing to the apex of
her cuntal tunnel. Beads of sweet rolled down her straining nude form. She still
had her head tilted back with the rubber ball stuffed in her mouth. Robert
punched Steve in the balls to quell Steve's pleads. 

   "Well Sweet Cheeks did we have a nice rest period?" Robert asked as he
removed the rubber ball from Beth's mouth.

   "Dear God no more! Please Robert no more! I'll do anything you want, but
please no more pain... OHHH...GOD...NO...NO...PLEASE...GOD...NOOOO..." Beth
screamed as Robert slipped his index fingers into her breasts rings. Beth's
pleads melted into screams of pure anguish as Robert brutally twisted and yanked
on Beth's breasts via the imbedded breasts rings.

   "That's not what I ask you now is it?" Robert cooed as he jerked on Beth's
breasts like an out of control steam locomotive.

   "AAAAARRRRRGGGRRRUUU! OWWW! OWWW! AAARRRGGG! NOO FFRRRAANKKK ITTT
WAAASSSNN'TT I'MMM SOOOORRY!" Screeched Beth.

   Robert watched with enjoyment Beth's breasts rebound and wobble when he
released them. "Now Sweet Cheeks shall we try it again? Did you have a nice rest
period!"

   "No Robert! (Gasping as she spoke.) The position you have gotten me in would
not let me rest at all. "O-God my poor pussy hurts very badly, Robert. Please
Robert... EEEEEEKKK! AAARRRGGGHHH!"

   Robert kicked Beth's feet out from underneath her. "What was that I didn't
quite get what you said? How rested do you feel?"

   Choking back her cries Beth gasped and sputtered as she reformulated her
utterance, "Yes Robert! Yes O-God yes! I am very rested. I never had such a
restful slumber in all of my life. Thank you very much for this tranquil
period."

   "That's good to hear. Now that we are all rested up shall we get back to
work?" Robert asked as he traced the outline of the metal phallus that Beth was
impaled upon, with his index finger.

   "Yes, Robert I am ready to return to work." Beth groaned.

   Robert lifted Beth up off the dildo and placed her on the deck. "Stand!"
Robert whispered. He held Beth until she was supporting herself before letting
go. Beth stood on trembling legs leaning against the aft engine room bulkhead
Robert whispered sweetly into her ear, gently stroking Beth's cheek as he spoke.
"Sweet Cheeks, didn't I ask you to stand?"

   "Yes Robert you did." Squeaked Beth.

   Robert reached up and yanked on the rubber ball tripping the spring release
mechanism for the hoist tram. The hoist tram that held Steve suspended under it
sped across the engine room.

   When the cables that were attached between Beth's pussy lips and Steve's
balls snapped taunt, Beth (Who was no longer held in place by the metal phallus
that had been up her twat.) was yank off her feet. She slammed down onto the
deck and was dragged across the engine room deck plates on her back, by her cunt
lips. Both Beth and Steve howled in agonizing pain.

   After Beth skidded to a stop Robert roared. "Then I suggest that you stop
lounging around and STAND!"

   Sobbing heavily Beth struggled up on her feet to stand wobbly in front of
Robert.

   Robert removed the phallus pole from the bilge suction tube and barked,
"PUMP!"

   Beth scurried over to the pipe. She bent over at the waist and wrapped her
lips around the bilge suction pipe and started sucking. Before she had filled
her mouth up with oily bilge water she felt Robert ram his cock into her tender
pussy.

   "Keep pumping slut!" As Robert banged his male member in and out of Beth's
penile receptacle she sucked and swallowed bilge water down her gullet. When
Robert filled Beth's twat up with his jism Robert pulled his still rock hard
fuck rod from Beth's dripping cunt. Robert savagely ripped the metal phallus
that was glued up Beth's rectum out and slammed his fuck rod into her bleeding
poop chute. After firing his second load of spunk deep into the bowels of Beth's
ass he dragged Steve back to him and Beth by the lines attached to Steve's
balls.

   Robert replaced the ten-foot long cables from Beth's cunt lip rings and
Steve's balls rings with the shorter lines. Robert adjusted the lines until Beth
was once again standing on her toes. Robert then readjusted the trams brakes so
that the wheels had a heavy drag on them. Reaching underneath Beth, Robert
grabbed her left breast ring and pulled on it until she was facing towards the
forward engine room bulkhead. Standing in front of her his semihard phallus
waving back and fourth across her nose Robert bellowed,  "CLEAN!"

   Beth swallowed the oily water in her mouth then she started to suck and lick
on Robert's prick. As she serviced Robert's semihard fuck rod it became fully
erect once again.

   Beth licked and sucked until Robert male seed gushed out and coated Beth's
face. He reached between Beth's quivering legs and grasped the cold dangling
clitoris giving it two savage yanks. With gooey spunk dripping off her face Beth
headed forward and around the port engine dragging her husband by her cunt lips.

   Robert watched Beth struggle to complete five full circuits of bilge pumping
before he stepped in front of her impeding her progress. Robert grinned at the
puffed cheek face before him. "Sweet Cheeks, we're having a little commemoration
topside." Robert slid a gasket knife that he had retrieved from the engine room
toolbox, through the deep valley of the ballooned cleavage before him. "Would
you like to get out of the engine room for a little while and participate in it?
Robert giggled as the puffed, cheeks bobbed up and down frantically. Robert
reached up with the knife and cut the cord that was holding Steve suspended
beneath the hoist.

   Steve plummeted downward a few moments latter with a loud clattering the deck
plates shook violently as Steve plowed into them. Robert grasped Steve's left
ankle and stuffed the left foot through the gap that was formed by Beth's left
arm and her side when her left hand was glued to her left breast. Steve's right
foot was treated the same. Robert reached down and cut the cord binding Steve's
wrist to the "J" dildo rammed up his ass.

   For the first time in nearly a week Steve hands that had been bound behind
him in a warehouse on the docks in Pearl Harbor commercial zone. Steve wanted
nothing more then to wrap his just freed hands around Robert's throat and choke
the life out of him. But the best that Steve could do was to barely drag his
bloated purple hands in front of his face. What felt like millions of needles
being jab into his skin from his fingertips through his hands and up his arms to
his dislocated shoulder joints that felt as if they were afire. Steve groaned in
pain as Robert stepped on his throbbing hands. He watched Robert's nude
Apollonian form come in view as Robert crouched down.

   Robert grinned at the contorted acid etched face before him as he yanked
Steve's head back by his hair. "Steve, old buddy you and Sweet Cheeks are going
to attend a small commemoration top side. I'm sure you'll enjoy it. There is
only one thing that I should mention. If you loose my favorite dildo I'm going
to very upset!" Robert slammed James's face into the deck. Lashing out with a
leather belt, as he barked. "Squat, Sweet Cheeks!"

   Beth shuddered as the belt landed across her rump; she dropped to a squatting
position between her husband's legs. She was jerked backward almost into a
sitting position by harsh yanking on her cunt lips. Robert adjusted the lines
between her cunt lips rings and her husband's balls rings. When the two sets of
rings clanged against each other, Robert tied the ring sets together.

   Standing with Steve's hands under his feet, Robert rocked from hand to hand.
"Okay Sweet Cheeks it's time to leave for the commemoration."

   Ripping pain roared through her pussy lips as she lifted her husband's lower
torso as she stood. Beth took three steps before coming to a halt. No mater how
hard she strained she could not move another step. Looking back over her
shoulder, across her husband's back and along his stretched out arms was Robert
grinning evilly at her as he stood on her husband's hands.

   "Sweet Cheeks, your going to be late to the commemoration top side if you
don't get a move on." Chuckled Robert as he lashed her back with his belt.

   As leather rained down across her back Beth renewed her effort to move. Even
clamping down on her husband's legs that rested in the crooks of her arms, she
could not budge the combined weight of her husband and Robert.

   Robert watched with glee, as Beth strain and strain to move forward as his
belt scoured her back. With Beth's leaning forward and legs muscles rippling
from maximum effort Robert shifted his weight from the balls of his booted feet
to the heels. Steve's bloated hands slid out from underneath the boots, which
rasped the skin off the top of his hands.

   Beth screamed as she surged forward crashing into the engine room ladder. She
laid moaning and panting on the ladder with tears streaming down her face. When
Robert's belt once again drummed across her back Beth struggled to her feet and
started ascending the ladder. Her task became slightly ease halfway up the
ladder as her husband managed to aid her slightly.

   With great effort Steve had managed to use his hands and push himself up. In
a wheelbarrow like fashion he climbed up the stairs on his hands. This not only
aided his wife ascends the ladder but it eased the horrific strain between his
testes and his wife's cunt lips. It also eased the strain on his shattered
knees.

   When the three of them were on the upper level of the engine room Robert
bellowed, "HALT!" Walking in front of Beth, Robert slammed his fist into Beth's
left breast. "Where is the refreshment you were holding for the commemoration?"
screamed Robert as he punched Beth's right breast. "How rude!..." (Punch to the
gut.) "Showing up to a fancy function with out a gift!..." (Knee slammed into
the crotch.) "Lucky for you that I notice, before we arrived at the
commemoration!... (Punch to the left breast once again.) "Here!..." (Robert
inserted an oil sample bottle into Beth's mouth and filled her mouth up with
engine oil. Then he punched her in the right breast.) "Best not loose this
gift!..." (Punch to the gut. Robert then slipped a burlap bag over Beth and
Steve's head, then securing them in place.) "Now I don't want to here a peep out
of either of you!..." (Knee to the crotch. Robert then pulled Beth's breast
rings together and clipped a dog leash to the rings.) "Now we are ready to join
the festivities!...". Robert headed out of the engine room. Beth had to double
her previous speed as her leashed breasts pulled her along.

   As Steve scrambled behind his wife on there way top side through the bowels
of the ship Steve found it easier and less painful when they transverse a level
deck to lay on his chest and push his body backwards by his hands. And when
acceding ladders to use the wheelbarrow method. Once topside Robert led the
couple behind him in front of the group assembled in a semicircle on the stern
of the Random Access.

   Edna watched Robert position the new female arrival between the two
stanchions that Frank had brought back with him. Edna shuddered as she wondered
how many more poor tortured souls the Andersons had control of. Edna eye locked
on the grossly descended set of pussy lips that had a set of balls secured to
them. Though Edna could not see the woman's face under the burlap bag, she could
imagine the contorted anguish that the face must surely be screwed in.

   Once Beth's legs were spread wide and secured between the stanchions Robert
started sliding rods through the two stanchions using the pre-drilled holes. The
first rod passed in front of Beth's ankles. The next one passed behind the
center of the calf muscles. The third rod passed right across the kneecaps. The
next rod passed behind the center of the thigh muscles. The next rod went in
front of the hip joints, the next behind the back just above the buttocks in the
small of the back, next rod in front across the stomach just below the rib cage.
The eighth rod went behind the center of the back. Rods nine and ten went across
the chest one just below the left breast and over the top of the right breast
and the other over the top of the left breast and under the bottom of the right
breast. The eleventh rod ran just behind the neck just above the shoulder
blades. The twelfth and final rod ran across the neck just below the chin bone.
When Robert was finished inserting the rods Beth looked as if she had been woven
into the stanchions and rods.

   Frank flipped Steve over on his back, which twisted and crossed his balls and
Beth's cunt lips. Robert slapped a pair of steel cuffs, which were lined with
one-eighth inch steel spikes. Once Steve's wrists were cuffed Robert hooked the
Random Access's hoist hook over the short chain of the cuffs and hoisted Steve
up off the deck by his wrist. Steve was lifted up until his head was above his
wife's.

   "From time to time our small group allows new plebes to try out for our
little band. Today we have two such plebes..."

   Edna shifted her attention from the woven hooded girl with the stretched
pussy lips in front of her to the barbecue pit to the right of the hooded new
comer that Frank had also brought with him. Mary had taken Gloria's place. Mary
was on her knees with her face plastered to the deck in a servile position with
the handle of the bellows stuffed deep in her twat. She was bouncing her ass up
and down in order to pump the bellows to keep the coals roaring hot.

   Frank grasped Steve's burlap bag while Robert grasped Beth's. There's Vanilla
and Sweet Cheeks." The burlap bags were yank off Steve and Beth's heads. "Both
of them wish to be come full fledged members of Helen's Toybox. They have passed
the entrance exams and only await the decision of the current toys. How do ye
vote?"

   In unison all of the captives arrange in a semicircle in front of Steve and
Beth including Edna and her parents cried out. "YES!"

   Beth was stunned beyond belief as her eyes focused on the scene before her.
Arrange in a semicircle around her were nine nude females. They range in ages
from a pubescent teen to her, own age. All but the pubescent teen was in some
form of bondage. The bondage range from the very light as the women her own age
that had her breast ballooned out as her own were and appear to be laying a
freely atop of a young twenty year old that was bent over backwards and standing
on her hands and feet. While her ringed breasts and clit were being stretched
skywards. Beth could see how the woman being used as a bench was straining to
remain standing on hands and feet under the weight that was atop of her. At the
other end of the group in bondage was a woman in her mid twenties strap to a
bench that was having her cunt and ass being pulled wide open by fishhooks. What
made this woman's bondage so horrible was not the way she was bound, but the way
her cunt and ass were repeatedly being violated by a pool ball attached to a
paddle, that was being swung by a very severely whipped woman. Directly in front
of her was the redhead that was at her home when this insane nightmare started.
The redhead who she knew only as Quack was the most severely bound. She was
hanging from a "T". Her arms ran down the back of the "T" base. While her toe
were secured to opposite sides to the "T" cross member. Like the women who were
being used as a bench and the folded women Quack's pussy and ass hole had been
force wide open by fishhooks. But what really made Quack's bondage so horrible
was the way her large full breasts were being squished to near nothingness
between two boards.

   Beth was so absorbed by what she saw in front of her that Al's entire speech
and the semicircle of captives' response were an incomprehensible buzz. Nor did
she notice that Robert had withdrawn the rod crossing the middle of her stomach.
That was until searing pain ripped through her mid section and the unmistakable
stench of burnt flesh assaulted her nose. Followed closely by searing pain to
both of her ass cheeks.

   "Hear Ye, Hear Ye!  All of thee who are present, be it known that the Sweet
Cheeks shall henceforth be known as Bilge Rat."

   After the initial wave of pain Beth realized that as with the females before
her she had been branded on her stomach and ass. This time she paid keen
attention to Al's blarney allocutions. She felt her husband body tense and shake
as his gluteus maximus were branded. In order to brand Steve's stomach Frank
trip the free fall lever on the hoist. Beth felt her husband crash to the deck
then the pungent odor of flesh being burnt. After being branded Al proclaimed
that her husband to be known only as "Piss Ant." As Al was wrapping up the
"commemoration festivities" her primary tormentor interjected.

   "Excuse me Al but Bilge Rat has a fine Bordeaux for our host." Snickered
Robert.

   "My, my that was awfully nice of Bilge Rat." Chuckled Al. "Fucktoy, Stand!"

   Beth watch the young teen that was kneeling next to Quack struggle to get to
her feet with the only male captive other than her husband strapped to her back.
Once the teen that Al had called Fucktoy was up on her feet, Beth saw that not
only did the teen have the large logo brand, but also the teen's chest and
abdomen speckled with a myriad of smaller brands seared into her flesh. 

   Beth watch Al gasped the chain that held the teen's stretched breasts and
clitoris. Al dragged the teen in front of her. Al had the teen squat slightly so
that the male's eyes were lined up with her mouth.

   "Bilge Rat, give FAGGOT the fine Bordeaux you've been holding for him."
Snapped Robert.

   Beth ejected the engine oil that she had diligently been holding in her
mouth. The oil sprayed across the face of Faggot to drip down onto the head of
his daughter.

   "Titless get your ass over here pronto!" roared Al

   Beth watched the woman who was laying atop of the bent over backward one.
Beth was at a lost as to why the woman was being called Titless. It was obvious
that she was well endowed in the breasts department. However when she got closer
Beth was aghast at the burnt scaring where nipples should have been.

   Susan followed Al, as he dragged her daughter behind Beth. Then he had mother
and daughter kneel and position them-selves over Steve's face.

   "FAGGOT do you have any thing to say to Piss Ant's about his choice of
replacement?" Al asked, as he picked up James's shattered left arm and twisted
it.

   Choking back his screams James begin to spew forth the mock platitude that
Robert had taught him during the sink the eight ball contest. "Piss Ant, I
Noodles the FAGGOT on the behalf of myself, my wife the Titless Wonder, and my
daughter, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, wish to thank you for
introducing us to Our Lord and Master, Robert. Who in turn introduce us to Our
Lord and Master, Al and Our Lord and Master, Frank. Piss Ant, I Noodles the
FAGGOT, am truly grateful for your choice of replacement. For without it my wife
and my virgin daughter and myself would never had a chance of the prestigious
honor of joining Helen's Toybox. As one Faggot to another, I invite you to pack
my poop-chute as a reward for introducing my worthless family to our kind
benefactors. Thank you, very much Piss Ant." With the bombastic speech to the
man that plunge him and his family into the hellish realm of the Anderson's,
completed Al reposition the Garners.


CLOSE LOG ENTRY 33




   Log Entry Number: 34

   The marines to the rescue?

  

   Al had Edna straddle Steve torso then had her back up until her father's ass
was near Steve's groin. Al then gave Susan a tube of super glue and instructed
her to coat Steve's trussed up, rigid cock with the glue. Once Steve's cock was
coated with super glue, Susan was directed to aim the cock at her husband's
rectal opening. Then Edna thrust herself backwards.

   Steve's cock slid up James's rectum until it banged up against the steel
sphere in James's rectum. Two of the sharp barbs sticking out of the sphere
skewered the bulbous head of Steve's cock. James Garner the computer software
billionaire now had four inches of cock up his ass.

   After a few minutes to allow the super glue to set Al tested the bounding by
having Edna crawl forward. When the bound held Al cut the lines holding Steve's
nuts to Beth's pussy lips. Steve would have drop to the deck when his balls were
freed but his prick that was super glued in James's ass prevented that. Stand
Fucktoy!"

   Edna's leg muscles bulged and quivered as she fully lifted her father and
half way lifted Steve as she stood.  

   "Titless follow and bring Fucktoy with you!" Al snapped.

   Susan followed Al and Edna with her burden slowly followed her mother. Susan
had taken just ten steps and Edna had barely started turning when Al spun
around. He slammed his steel toe work boot into Susan's cunt. Susan nearly
crumpled to the deck from the impact to her pussy but she managed to stay on her
feet as Al screamed at her. "BITCH! What did I tell you to do?"

   "Al, My Lord and Master, you told me to follow you and bring Piglet the sex
crazed Nymphet Fucktoy with me." Susan sobbed.

   "Then why is Fucktoy following you, instead of you bring her?" Al grinned at
Susan's bewildered face. "What's the matter Titless? Are you having trouble
getting that pea brain of yours to work? Here let me kick start it for you!"

   Al stomped down with the heel of his work boot on Susan's left pinkie toe
crushing it. Before Susan had a chance to collapse to the deck he grabbed her
left wrist and yank her backwards towards her daughter. He held her left pinkie
finger to the chain holding her daughter's breasts and clitoris. Then with a
pair of vice grips Al clamp the two together.

   Al reached down and started to twist Susan's crushed pinkie toe. "Now that
this pea brain of yours is on line let try this again. Titless follow and bring
Fucktoy with you!"

   Al released Susan's toe and stood up. Now Titless you are not to be more the
three feet behind me at any time. And Fucktoy you best keep pace with mommy. If
not I'll use this (Al hung the throttle around Edna's neck.) up your nasty twat
to insure that you do keep up with mommy.

   Al mounted Lori whom Frank and Robert had just released from the treadmill as
Al was scolding Susan. Slashing Lori's breast Al snapped, "BOW!"

   Lori turned and headed for the bow with Al atop of her. Due to her crushed
pinkie toe Susan hobbled after Lori. Edna was pulled along by her mother pinkie
finger that was vice grip to the chain clipped to her nipples and clitoris. As
James road atop of his daughter's back, with his prick sewn up his daughter's
rectum, James dragged Steve behind him by Steve's prick that was super glued up
his ass. The entire group made two circuits of the Random Access main deck.

   When Al reached the treadmill the second time he dismounted Lori. While Frank
and Robert hooked Lori back up to the treadmill Al shoved first Susan's face
then Edna's face into the gapping, bloody cunts of Betty, Gloria and Marsha.

    "Fucktoy, Titless! Which of the pretty little butterflies have you two
chosen?"

   Looking over to where Helen pounding the pool ball, into Marsha's gaping,
holes.  Thinking that Marsha could not possibly survive much longer from the
relentless cruel pounding. So nervously Edna responded to Al inquiry. "Al My
Lord and Master I believe that Commode Tart has the most beautiful butterfly on
display."

   Thinking back to what Al had said to her husband when he asked for his cock
to be released from Edna's rump. So nearly at the same time as her daughter
Susan responded with, "My Lord and Master Quack, has the cutest butterfly that I
have ever seen."

   Laughing as he strolled over to Gloria while he spoke, "Here that Quack?
Titless thinks that you got the cutest butterfly."

   Edna sighed silently to herself, thinking that Al had sided with her mother
and chosen Gloria. Though she knew that Gloria was in immense pain from her
bondage, Edna had hoped to stop the brutal assault to Marsha's pussy and rectum.
But she was happy for Gloria.

   Al gently stroke Gloria's pussy as he cooed sweetly, "So I guess it's you who
is going to be rele...  What's that FAGGOT? Oh, I see, you say, that Fucktoy
voted for Commode. By Gorge your right we do have a tie. Well I guess that we
won't have one of these (Al slapped Gloria's gapping cunt as hard as he could.)
fluttering around freely quite yet. Maybe we'll get a clear winner later, but in
the mean time lets see if we can get these three little darlings to flutter a
little bit more."

   Harrowing screams erupted from the three bound girls as the Anderson brothers
pulled and tighten the lines that were stretching the three gapping pussies even
more. Now there doesn't that truly enhance this butterfly collection. Boy it's
going to be really tough to choose a winner now. But I give you some time to
think on it."

   Beth shuddered as she stood weaved between two post. Her own pussy lips had
been painfully twisted and pulled. But it was nowhere near the extreme the three
"butterfly" cunts before her were being stretched. And that horrible
pop-slurping sound that was made every time the pool ball, paddle slammed in to
one of the folded women's gapping holes. All around her were women in hellish
agonizing pain.

   Al positioned his little train so that they were parallel to the rest of the
toys. He unhooked Susan pinkie finger from her daughter's nipples and clit chain
and turned her over to Robert. Al then sat down on the empty deck chair and took
the beer offered by Frank who was sitting next to him.

   Robert had Susan get on her hands and knees between Beth and her husband.
Titless you best not mess up this chair!" Robert growled ominously, as he sat
down on Susan's back.

    "I do not want to here a peep out of either one of you FAGGOTS until I give
you permission to. And I do mean not a PEEP!" Al growled sternly. "Class in now
in section, Sweet Pea start your potty training.

   Beth watched The young girl that had bouncing all over the place offering her
pubescent body for sexual service and scribbling down numbers from the folded
girl and her pounder, squatted over her husbands face. The young girl let loose
with a solid stream of piss over her husbands face.

   Cutting off the flow of her piss Elizabeth cooed as if she was talking to a
toddler. "See how easy that was baby. Why don't you try it?" Elizabeth grasped
Steve's trust up balls tightly and twisted them back and forth. "Come on you can
do it, sweetie. Just relax your bladder muscles like this." Elizabeth let her
piss flow freely once again over Steve's face. When the last few drops
splattered down on Steve's face Elizabeth sat down on his stomach and started to
rock back and forth on it as she continue to twist his nuts. "Come on baby do it
for mommy. Let's see some tinkle. Don't make mommy mad, Piss Ant. I want you to
start tinkling now for mommy. Sweetie you're making mommy very angry. Tinkle,
and tinkle now! That's it Piss Ant, mommy is going to have to take your favorite
toy away." Elizabeth stopped twisting Steve's balls and took the scalpel that
her Uncle Robert handed her. "Mommy is going to have to take her little baby's
dong string from him for being such a bad little boy and not pissing for mommy."
As cautiously as she could manage, at the speed her father wanted her to
Elizabeth cut the sisal cord that was trussing up Steve's cock. Dispute her
caution the scalpel slice a thin line up Steve's cock as it cut through the
cord.

   No sooner then the cord was cut away from his cock, piss roared out of
Steve's piss slit and into James's ass. James's body rattled with convolutions
as the acidic piss flowed over the three spiked spheres in his rectum burned the
rip and torn lining as the piss filled his guts up.

   "Is my baby pee-peeing yet?"

   Answer your mommy properly, Piss Ant!" Snapped Al.

   As nearly a week of built up piss continue to stream in to James's gut, Steve
answered Elizabeth like a toddler though it was distorted due to his busted jaw.
"Yes mommy I am pee-peeing for you, like a good little boy should."

   "That's a good little boy, Open your darling little mouth for mommy and
she'll give you tasty treat for going pee-pee for mommy." Cooed Elizabeth as she
slid back over Steve's face and planting her ass over his open mouth. A long
turd slithered out of Elizabeth's ass and into Steve's open mouth. "There you go
baby, chew your candy."

    Steve chewed the pubescent teen's shit, as he continued to piss into James's
guts. Due to the seal around his prick that the super glue created all of his
piss remained in James's gut. While Steve chewed and pissed, Elizabeth secured
his ball rings to his wife's cunt lip rings.

   "Fucktoy!"

   Edna who had been straining to remain standing during the pee-pee session
snapped her head around over to Al. On seeing Al index finger whirling around in
a circle, Edna groaned despondently. She turned towards the bow of her father's
yacht and prayed that she had enough energy left to complete yet another circuit
of the yacht. Edna only took six steps before the human chain became, taunt and
stopped her progress.

   "FUCKTOY!! Pump them hamhocks!" Al snapped as he lashed Edna's breasts with a
bamboo cane.

   Though Edna's leg muscles were twitching and bulging like steel cables as she
strain to move towards the bow, she did not move forward a single inch.

   Al stopped caning Edna's back and walked in front of the straining teen.
"What's the matter Fucktoy? Are you stuck in the mud?" Al asked as he swatted
her breasts with the cane. "Here let me help you out." Al grabbed the chain that
was snapped to Edna's nipples and clit and yanked.

   Edna let out a gurgling, hoarse howl and dropped to the deck on her knees as
the alligator clips were yanked off her nipples and clit. With tears streaming
down her face and agonizing pain throbbing in her breasts and clit, Edna felt
herself being drawn backwards.

   Edna looked over her shoulder and saw the reason for her backward movement..
Frank and Robert were pulling on the lines that were running through Steve's
balls rings and Beth's pussy lip rings. Edna was drawn backwards until the four
rings clanged together. Then the rings were secured together.

   Once again Steve was hanging from his wife's pussy lips. He was twisted oddly
upside down. His balls tied to his wife's pussy lips. Four inches of his flaccid
cock was super glued up James's ass. His own, ass was all distorted from the
mammoth butt plug glued in it. Due to his shattered knees his legs hung at odd
angles and searing pain radiating from his busted jaw as her chewed Elizabeth's
fecal mater like cud.

   However in spite of his current predicament Steve was happy. He had been
allowed to piss. Pissing! Steve never thought that something so simple and
natural would make him so happy.

   "On your feet Fucktoy!" Al snapped.

   Edna struggled up off her knees to her feet to stand before Al's massive
form.

   No sooner then Edna got to her feet Al slammed both of his fists into her
breasts. Edna reeled back from the double blow. Like a turtle Edna laid atop of
her father splaying her arms and legs about gasping heavily.

   Al then dragged Susan face down across her daughter, until Susan's mouth, was
even with her daughter's twat and her own twat was over her daughter's mouth.
Once the Garners were stacked atop of each other Al and Frank place straps
tightly around the doomed family, as Al spoke. I best see a couple of juicy
sloppy twats the next time I check so start lapping, cunt lappers!" Mother and
daughter started laboriously spearing their tongues into each others pussies"

   After the Garners were made into a sandwich Frank and Robert turn their
attention to, Helen and Bonnie. They were forced to lie down on the deck so that
their pussies touched each other. Frank then inserted a mammoth double dildo
into there twats. A special feature of the double dildo was the middle of both
artificial phalluses had knurl knobs that rotated which scraped and pulled at
the tender cuntal tissue. Then Frank tied their clit rings together and tied a
line to each breast ring of the two girls. The lines were wrapped around the
mooring cleats on opposite sides of the yacht. Frank and Robert then pulled on
the lines forcing the ballooned breast of the two girls to be drawn in opposite
directions.

   Both Helen and Bonnie squirm in the direction that their breasts were being
pulled. But when their clits were pulled so taunt they could no longer ease the
tension on their breasts as Frank and Robert pulled on the lines. After clits
and breasts were stretched as far as they could be the lines were secured.

   Al cooed, "Helm for your superb performance in keeping your tally correct
during sink the eight ball, I'll let you set this one out. Get in the watch
box!"

   Mary squeezed herself into Elizabeth's watch box. After Elizabeth had secured
Mary in the box she climb up on the box. Like on the bridge Elizabeth was
fastened to the box, by her father so that her cunt was pressed into Mary's
face.

   Without being told Mary begin lapping and sucking the pubescent teen's
snatch. After the box was repositioned so that Elizabeth could observe the
entire group of captives, Al sprayed itching power in to the box.

   "Sweet Pea, you've got the watch! No one is allowed to speak. If they do buzz
the group till I or your uncles show up!" Bellowed Al as he and his brothers
headed for the Scorpion. Just as Al step onto the Scorpion he barked over his
shoulder, "Quack! We're going to dinner now!" Then the three brothers broke out
in a robust laughter as they step aboard the Scorpion.

   Weeping Gloria looked down her squished breasts to the bulging well-whipped
nipples that were still dripping milk. She knew that when Al and his brothers
returned they would punish her further for not supplying them with milk with
their meal. The Andersons would be relentless in torturing her for failing to do
her assignment regardless of the fact that it was they, which had her bound to
the "T".

   For the second time in her brief sexual experience Edna was darting her
tongue in and out of a pussy. The first had been Gloria's now it was her own
mother's pussy she was spearing. As Edna vigorously licked and sucked on her
mother's pussy, her mother was doing the same to hers.  Edna's face was covered
with her mother's pussy cream that leaked out of her mother's pussy in streams.
Edna was busy sucking down her mother's pussy cream when Al's bellowing startled
her. Glancing out of the corner of her eye at Gloria as she continued to suck on
her mom's pussy.

   "Quack where the fuck have you been? Didn't I tell you that we were going to
dinner! Why didn't you serve us some delicious milk with our meal? Oh I see you
wanted to watch the two cunt lappers. Well, that's OK with me, but I don't think
that Bobby here will be as forgiving. After all he is a growing boy who needs
milk to grow on." Giggled Al as he twisted Gloria's nipples by her breast rings.

   "That's right you fucked up bitch!" Robert snapped as he slapped Gloria
across her face several times. "But we'll take care of your misbehaving later!"

   "Yes Quack you ponder what type of correction you should receive while we
resolve a contest." Snarled Al as he jammed his hand into Edna's cunt. "My, my
Fucktoy that's a mighty soggy fuck tunnel you have here!" Al giggled as he
pistoned his hand in and out of Edna's cunt. "Frank what's Titless fuck tunnel
like?"

   Edna whimpered as Al thrust his burly hand in and out of her tender pussy.
She watched Frank's huge hand pass over her face and slammed into her mother's
pussy.

   "This one is soggy also Al!" Giggled Frank as his forearm rasped over Edna's
face as he pounded his fist into her mother's pussy.

   My, my Fucktoy you are a little sex crazed nymphomaniac! Not only do you
constantly want your FAGGOT daddy to pack your cute little derriere you also
want mommy to eat out that twat of yours and you want to eat her out. Yep your
just one fuck toy that just can't get enough sex. Isn't that right?" Giggled, Al
as he grope around inside of Edna's pussy.

   "Yes Al, My Lord and Master, I just love all of this sexual fun." Grunted
Edna with mock joyfulness as Al continued to hammer his hand in her pussy and
grope the tender parts of her cunt.

   "Aren't you glad that you do not have to sneak around between mommy and
FAGGOT daddy to satisfied your hot incestuous, nymphomaniac desires."

   "Yes Al, My Lord and Master this much more fun then sneaking back and forth
between mommy and my faggot daddy. Thank you, so much for letting us play
together."

   "Your very welcome Fucktoy, but I'm going to have to interrupt your hot
section with mommy for a little while. Is that all right?"

   "Yes Al, My Lord and Master though I will miss sucking on mommies fuck tunnel
I will place my incestuous needs aside for a little while for you, Al, My Lord
and Master."

   "That's awfully nice of you Fucktoy! Now then shall we get on with taking
care of this butterfly contest? Fucktoy, Titless which butterfly is the cutest?"

   As Al probe, grasped and kneaded the internal parts of her pussy Edna mulled
over Gloria's promise future tortures for not providing milk to the Anderson
brothers. If only she had sucked all of the milk out of Gloria's breasts, Gloria
would not have been assigned to a week of dairy provider. Also Marsha was no
longer having her pussy and ass pounded with the eight ball paddle. So Edna
decided to go along with her mother and select Gloria as she gasped, "Al My Lord
and Master I cast my vote for the prettiest butterfly for Quack! Quack has the
most adorable butterfly I have ever seen. My Lord and Master.

   Shuddering as Frank brutally rammed his fist in and out of her pussy she
glance over at Marsha's folded form. Marsha's cunt and rectum were horribly
inflamed. Almost at the same time that her daughter spoke Susan sweetly cast her
vote, "Commode Tart's cunt is the most beautiful butterfly on display, Al My
Lord and Master."

   Al started laughing as he squeezed James's flaccid cock through the thin
membrane that separated Edna's two holes. "My, my we seem to have another tie.
Well, we well just have to have another round. Frank, Bobby!"

   Two loud slurping pops rang out as Al and Frank pulled their hands from the
two soggy twats that they were buried in. Both mother and daughter started to
change their choices back and forth as the three brothers, approach the three
bound girls that had their cunts spread out. Hollowing screams of pure agony
drowned out the ululations of mother and daughter as the Anderson brothers
pulled and stretch the cuntal flesh of Quack, Galley Slut and Commode Tart.

   "Now you two bitches best have a winner the next time or we'll have three
clitless butterflies!" snapped Al as he released his daughter from the box she
was sitting on. "Clean up your mess Sweet Pea!"

   Elizabeth scrambled off the box and started to lick and suck her pussy cream
off of Mary's face and the top of the box.

   Al strolled over to Pony Girl with a bamboo cane in hand. Lori had been
trotting on the treadmill for over six hours now. Her knees were still causing
her whipped and stretched breasts to bounce as they impacted the undersides of
her melons. With a single vicious slash across those bouncing breasts Al barked,
"HALT!"

   Immediately Lori stopped trotting. Panting heavily and near exhaustion Lori
gasped, "Please Al, My Lord and Master let me trot some more I am still a bit
flabby. Please let me tone up some more, please, Al, My Lord and Master!"

   Slashing Lori's buns with the cane Al snapped, "Not now BITCH!" After
unhooking Lori from the treadmill he mounted her and road her across the
stretched out forms of Gumby and Barbie Doll. As Lori treaded across the bound
girls beneath her Al bounce up and down in the saddle.

   Frank tied a line tightly around James's shattered wrists while Robert tied
Steve's ankles to the stanchions his wife was being held by.

   After having Lori walk back and forth over Helen and Betty, Al had Lori
position herself in front of the sandwiched Garners. "Sweet Pea, hook pony up!"

   Elizabeth stopped licking her pussy cream of Mary's face and picked one of
the coils of ropes her father had drop. Elizabeth crawled under Lori and snapped
the lanyard part if the line to Lori's pussy rings then the better end of the
line to the line tightly binding James's shattered wrists.

   While Elizabeth was hooking up Lori, her uncles were releasing Mary, Helen
and Betty. As each sex toy was released they were position next to Lori and
Elizabeth hooked them to James the same way she had hooked Lori up.

   After the four sex slaves were hooked up to James's wrist Al dismounted Lori
and clipped a leash to each of their clit rings. "Sweet Pea, check your baby."
Al giggled.

   Elizabeth scurried next to Steve's head. "Is my little boy finish going
pee-pee for mommy?" Elizabeth asked speaking in baby-talk tone?

   "Yes mommy I am done pee-peeing." Responded Steve.

   Elizabeth climbed up and sat on the junction where Beth's pussy lips and
Steve's balls joined. "Then it time for my little baby to come out of the potty.

   When Al herded the word potty, he started walking backwards. This caused the
four leashes he was holding to pull four clits. Four sex slaves, surge forward
in order to relieve the pain in their stretched clits. As the sex slaves move
forwarded they dragged the sandwiched Garners by four sets of pussy lips. Steve
followed the Garners as his prick that was glued up James's ass pulled him
along. The four sex slaves shuddered to a halt when Steve's legs that were
secured to the stations snapped taunt. But that didn't stop Al from pulling on
there clits. The four sex slaves strained to get the Garners moving again. To
encourage them to pull harder, Frank and Robert slashed the rumps of the four
sex slaves with bamboo canes.

   The string of four clits, four sets of pussy lips, two shattered arms, and
two shattered knees that were stretched taunt generated a chorus of agonizing
screams that vibrated through out the cove that the Andersons used as a base of
operation.

   Elizabeth was bouncing up and down upon her perch atop of Steve as she
screamed at the top of her lungs. "Come on baby. It's time for you to come out
of the potty. Your only suppose to be in the potty to go pee-pee come on out
now, baby."

   Elizabeth continued her bouncing and prattling until Steve's super glued
prick ripped out of James's ass. At separation Elizabeth tumbled off her perch
and landed with a splat on the deck as piss squirted out of James's ass.

   At the same time the four sex slaves surge foreword and crashed face first
into the deck. They weren't allowed to remain on the deck. While Al continue
pulling on their clits and slashing of the rumps by Frank and Robert, the four
sex slaves struggled back up on their feet. Once standing Al mounted Lori. And
spurred the four sex slaves forward by lashing four sets of breasts with a
bamboo cane.

   The Garners were dragged around the yacht by the four, sex slaves pussy lips
via James's shattered arms. He stopped the group next to Steve. "Piss Ant, if I
hear even a single peep out of you I'll have Frank burn your eyes out and crush
your nuts. Sweet Pea, take care of your baby."

   Elizabeth stopped rolling in the pool of piss that jetted out of James's ass.
She sat on Steve's face and started to twist and yank on his limp, bloody cock.
"Did mommies little baby hurt his little wee-wee, when he went pee-pee? Aw poor
baby, let mommy kiss her babies wee-wee and make it feel all better." Elizabeth
sucked Steve's bloody limp cock into her mouth and bit down hard on it. As
Elizabeth chewed on Steve's cock, she shit and pissed on his face.

   After ten minutes of hard, vigorous chewing, Elizabeth stopped chewing on
Steve's cock and lean back. She waggled the limp phallus back and forth. "There
you go baby that should make your wee-wee feel all better. Now would baby like
to play "The halls of Montezuma with his wee-wee?" Elizabeth took the syringe
that was filled with the erection solution from her Uncle Frank and injected
into the base of Steve's cock.

   When the solution had done its work Elizabeth painted the bulbous head of
Steve's hyper-rigid cock green. Then she painted a little face on the hard shaft
and glued a small plastic rifle to the shaft of the cock. "There you go baby
your very own wee-wee marine. Baby would you like to take your wee-wee marine
out and play with it."

   Elizabeth stapled a baby bib in to Steve's chest then strapped a baby bonnet
that had thumb tacks lining the inside, tightly over Steve's head. Lastly she
tightly wrapped a ace-bandage that also had thumbtacks imbedded in it, around
Steve's bottom like a diaper. However unlike a diaper that normally would cover
the penis Elizabeth wrap the bandage around Steve's penis so that it was jetting
out. "There your baby you can go out and play with your wee-wee marine."

   Elizabeth slapped Steve's hyper extended cock back and forth. "Baby my Uncle
Frank informed me that it was bad parenting on mommies part to take your
favorite toy away. So he has a new one for you." Elizabeth leaned back to allow
her uncle room to work in. With in moments the base of Steve's cock was trussed
up with sisal cord even tighter then it first was. Elizabeth then leaned forward
and batted Steve's cock around as her Uncle Robert step forward.

   Robert walked up next to Beth and grabbed both of her wrists. He yanked on
them until her glued hands ripped free from her breasts. "Release yourself
slut!" Robert barked.

   Lifting her bloody hands to her throat Beth slowly walked with the rod that
ran across the front of her neck just below the chin bone through her fingers
until it was free. Beth handed the rod to Robert who was standing next to her
with a hand stretched out.

   Using the rod that Beth had just handed to him, Robert slashed both of Beth's
breasts with it as he bellowed, "NEXT!" Beth removed the rod behind her shoulder
blades and handed it to Robert who used it to beat Steve's shattered left knee.
The next rod remove was used to beat Steve's right knee. As Beth remove each rod
and handed it to Robert, he used the rod to beat either Beth's breasts or one of
Steve's knees.

   Once Beth released her ankles from the stanchions Elizabeth slithered off of
Steve and started rolling around in the pool of piss. As Robert lead the
Lipton's towards the Random Access bridge by Beth's dangling clit in one hand
and a stack of index cards in the other.

   "Remember make mommy proud of her little baby and share your wee-wee with the
other playmates." Elizabeth cooed as she continued to roll around in the pool of
piss.

   "Well now James, me and my brothers have come to a decision. Due to your
generous donation of money, and your family's superb performance during Sports
Day activities and your promise not to interfere with us in anyway, your request
is here by granted.  You, your wife and daughter will be freed. Frank will take
the three of you back to Honolulu right after the butterfly contest is
concluded.  Is that all right with you?"

   "Oh-Dear-God yes Al! Thank you very much for freeing us." James blubbered.

   "Your welcome James. But remember our deal. No going to the authorities or
bothering me and my brothers ever."

   James had no intentions of going to the authorities and making public the
sadistic events that had transpired since leaving Honolulu at the hand of the
Andersons. No he wouldn't go near the authorities. But he would spend every last
dime of his fortune to tack the Andersons down. And have them pay dearly for
what they did to him and his family. But in the mean time James answered, "I'll
remember Al. You never will here from us again. I promise."

   "Dress them Sweet Pea! They're going to be leaving shortly!"

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 34




   Log Entry Number: 35

   Saying goodbye 

  

   Elizabeth scrambled over to the sandwich bound Garners and released the
straps that held the three together. Elizabeth helped Susan to stand then handed
her an elegant evening gown. As Susan slipped into the expensive gown, Elizabeth
help Edna stand up. Once Edna was on her feet Elizabeth handed her an equally
elegant evening gown to put on.

   Both gowns were one of a kind that were design and tailored made for each of
the wearers by a world famous European designer. Susan's was a midnight, black
gown that went from her mid neck, formed around and accented her once well
formed breasts. The dress clung to her waist until it flowed over her hips to
the deck. The gown looked stunning on her, as she stood mute watching Elizabeth
dress her husband.

   Edna's gown was a dark forest green that was marbled with glittering light
blue lines that gave the appearance of refreshing streams cascading throughout
the dress. The front of the gown dipped low which displayed a good portion of
Edna's cleavage. The gown normally would have drape tightly to the deck with a
slit on the left side coming half the way up the thigh. But due to her father
still strapped to her rear with his cock sewn up her rectum the gown rested
bunched up at the junction of her heinie and her father's crotch.

   Edna stood with excited anticipation of her pending release. The only thing
that remained to do in order to be set free was to pick the winner of the
butterfly contest. Her eyes darted around to each of the tormented girls before
her as Elizabeth dressed her father. Out of the corner of her eyes she saw her
mother taping two fingers on her thigh. Edna hoped it was a single that her mom
was going to select Gloria the next time that Al asked for the butterfly contest
winner. Slowly Edna also tapped two of her fingers on her thigh also. She hoped
that her mother was in sync with her and both would pick Gloria. Edna didn't
think that the grossly stretched vaginal lips could be stretched any further
then they were now stretched. Edna could see that the stretch flesh of each of
the girls was torn and dripping blood as they sobbed aguishly behind the dildos
stuffing their mouths.

   As gently as she could Elizabeth eased James's shattered arms into the silk
shirt then button it up. Next she placed a pair of pants on James though she
couldn't fasten the pants or close the zipper. Do to the way father and
daughter, were still strapped together. Then once again Elizabeth gently eased
James's arms through the tuxedo jacket and buttoned it up. Lastly Elizabeth tied
a black bow tie around James's neck finishing the formal dressing. Elizabeth
rushed over to her father, "Daddy the Garner's are dressed."

   "Very good Sweet Pea, back up on the box." Cooed Al

   As soon as Elizabeth position herself atop of the box Mary began worked her
raw tongue and aching jaw to lick and suck the pubescent snatch in front of her.
The box that was snug with Elizabeth sitting in it was positively crampish for
Mary who was two feet taller then Elizabeth was. And the powder that Al had
added to the box caused insatiable itching over her entire body. Though she was
in total misery crammed in the box Mary would rather stay stuffed in the box
with her cramping muscles, the itching and servicing any cunt or prick that was
place in front of her. Yes Mary would gladly stay in the box instead of being
hook up to the helm or any of the predicaments that the other Helen Toys were
currently in. Mary let out a deep sigh of relief as Elizabeth orgasm coated her
face. Flicking her tongue across the young clit head in front of her, Mary
continued eating young pussy as she heard Al's deep voice bellow.

   "Well, well now FAGGOT aren't we all deck out and ready to leave!" Al giggled
as he pushed Edna backward atop of her father.

   "Yes Al thank you very much for releasing us. I promise that you will never
hear from us again." Whimpered James.

   Al slid Edna's gown up and spread her legs. "FAGGOT do you mind if I gave
your daughter a goodbye fuck?

   Though James didn't want Al or his brothers anywhere near any member of his
family, he gave the answered Al wanted, "No, Al I don't mind at all." Hoping
that this was the last humiliating act that his family would have to perform.

     "Thank you FAGGOT." Snickered Al as he plunged his massive thirteen-inch
cock to the hilt into Edna's cunt. "I'm going to miss her tight little virginal
snatch. Al traced the myriad of usage brands on Edna's abdomen with the jagged
nails of his index fingers. "OOPS sorry it's not so tight or virginal any more
according to all of these usage indicators. Is it, Fucktoy?"

   Though Al's massive thirteen-inch prick still painfully stretched her vagina
as he continued to pound his monstrous male member in and out of her pussy Edna
responded sexily. "No it isn't Al My Lord and Master. My nasty twat is a very
well used fuck tunnel. My nasty twat is so well used that My Lord and Master's
wonderful thirteen-inch cock has no trouble sliding up and down in it. I sorry
that my nasty twat is no longer nice and tight for it."

   "That's all right Fucktoy, I'm still going to miss your nasty twat even
though it is loose as a goose. Are you going to miss my love tool?"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, Al I'm going to miss your love tool filling up my
three fuck tunnels."

   "Are you happy that you got to know it?"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, Al I am very happy to have gotten to know your love
tool. I wish to thank you, My Lord and Master, Al for introducing your
magnificent love tool to my mealy mouth, my nasty twat and my steamy poop-chute
my best fuck tunnel. Thank you very much for each and every usage of my fuck
tunnels, Al My Lord and Master."

   "Did you enjoy the fun and games? Like titty boxing and playing putt-putt.
And what about the tasty cream, candy and juice are you going to miss that too?"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, Al I totally enjoyed all of the games that I play
with all of My Lords and Masters and the other toys of Helen's Toybox. I
especially enjoyed playing titty boxing with you Al My Lord and Master. And I
got a total thrill out of playing putt-putt with all of My Lords and Masters. I
will miss those, fun and games very much, Al My Lord and Master. I will also
miss all of those yummy treats of cream, candy, and juice Al My Lord and
Master."

   "You will! I tell you what, even though it's a very long way to go how would
you like it if my brothers and me visit you in San Francisco? You can invite
some of your friends over and we'll have fun playing games. How does that sound
to you Fucktoy?

   "I would enjoy that very much, Al My Lord and Master. Please come to my home
in San Francisco with my other Lords and Masters and we'll have fun playing
games with my friends." 

   "Very well my brothers and I will see you there and we'll bring some yummy
treats with us for you to eat."

   "Thank you, Al My Lord and Master, Al I am all ready looking forward to that
day of fun and games with all of My Lords and Masters."

   "Well that enough chitchatting let me enjoy my last fuck. Titless plop that
twat of yours on Fucktoy's face."

   Edna was encased in semidarkness as her mother's gown draped over her. As
soon as her mother's pussy pressed against her lips, Edna started sucking and
licking her mother's pussy as Al hammered hers. After firing a load of jism into
her pussy Edna felt Al grope for his branding cylinder.

   "Thank you, for using Fuck Central for your, cum deposit in my nasty twat, Al
My Lord and Master." Gurgled Edna as she spoke through her mother's soupy cream
drench snatch.

   Al burned two more "R's" into Edna on for his fisting when he had check how
sloppy wet her pussy was after her mother had sucked it and one for drilling her
twat with his cock. When Al withdrew from her, Edna felt her pussy immediately
refilled by Frank's cock. After thanking Frank for dumped his seed in her and
his marking of his usage, Edna didn't know how long she laid atop of her father
with her legs spread wide as she ate out her mother's pussy, but eventually the
third Anderson slammed his prick into her. After Robert dumped his load of jism
and marked her, Robert withdrew his rod from her sloppy cunt and her mother got
off her face, Edna was dragged to a standing position.

   Thank you, for using Fuck Central for your, cum deposit in my nasty twat, My
Lord and Master, Robert.

   "Titless, Fucktoy before you leave we need a winner! Which butterfly?" Cooed
Al.

   In unison mother and daughter sang out, "Al, My Lord and Master, Quack Bitch
has the cutest butterfly."

   Well, well at last we have a winner." Giggle Al as he walked over to Gloria.
Scrapping Gloria's dried spread pussy lips with his index finger. "Quack's
butterfly sure is a beauty." Popping his finger into Gloria's cuntal opening and
swirling it around the gapping edge. "I'm going to miss it when it is set free."

   Sighing heavily Al reached for one of the lines that were stretching Gloria's
pussy lips open. Stopping just before he reached the line. With astonishment and
shock in his voice, "What's that you say Quack! You can't accept the honor of
having the cutest butterfly." Plucking the line that he was reaching for Al
continued his single sided conversation. "Why is that Quack? NO! You're kidding
me! It's hard to believe that!" Al was plucking each line that spread Gloria's
pussy lips. "Well if this is true I can see why you don't want to except the
honor. Hold on and I'll investigate this situation." Al cooed as he grasped
Gloria's pinned clit and shook it violently.

   Gloria's pinned clit popped free of her pussy mound as Al shook and twisted
it. Frank stood just to the left of Susan while Robert position himself next to
Edna. As Al jerked Gloria's clit straight out Frank and Robert slapped Susan and
Edna across their faces with enough force as to send both tormented girls flying
backwards. Susan landed on the deck with a hard thud while Edna landed atop of
her father. Both girls were dragged back to there feet by their hair.

   Growling harshly as he yank and pulled Gloria's clit, "Titless, Fucktoy!
Quack has informed me that you two conspired secretly with hand signals to rig
the butterfly contest!"

   "Dear God! Al saw me and mom." Edna thought to herself as she shuddered with
pure fright. The only thing that kept her on her feet was the grip that Robert
had on her hair. Suddenly all of her air whooshed out of her lungs as Robert
slammed his fist into her stomach.

   "Well bitches is it true! Did Quack and you two conspire to rig the contest
so that Quack could win?" Roared Al.

   Gasping to get air back into their lungs Susan and Edna answered together.
"Yes Al My Lord and Master I conspired with Quack Bitch and my daughter/mother
to rig the butterfly contest. I'm very sorry, Al My Lord and Master."

   Well I am very sorry to hear this. Now all of the goodwill that we had built
up between us is now shattered beyond repair. I can no longer trust you two
EVER! That means that I can no longer believe that either of you will hold up
the agreement that I made with the FAGGOT. So I regretfully need to inform the
three of you will no longer be released. You will remain members of Helen's
Toybox until the day you die!"

   Frank and Robert let Susan and Edna collapse to the deck in a sobbing heap as
James pleaded, "Please Al you can trust them! I'll make sure that they won't
speak to the authorities ever. Please Al just let us go!" 

    "I don't think so, FAGGOT!"

   "Ples... Arrrggg!!!" Screamed James as Frank and Robert stomped on James's
shattered arms.

   "Shut the fuck up FAGGOT and you two bitches best get back on your feet ASAP.
If not we'll just rip them fancy clothes off you three and restart your training
all over again!" Roared Al.

   James choked back his screams as his wife and daughter struggled to their
feet.

   I'll deal with you two bitches later, but in the meantime... (Al slammed his
fist into Gloria's gapping cunt.) ...what am I going to do with you bitch?" (Al
pistoned his fist in and out of Gloria's pussy as he held a one sided
conversation.) What's that Quack? You think that you should remain as you are
and let the other toys who were not involved in the deception be allowed to hang
a sixteen ounce weight on you titty rings. Yes, yes that sounds fair. SO BE IT!"

   Frank and Robert released Betty and Marsha. First their butterfly pussy lips
were released then they were released from their bizarre bondage positions.
After being released they were led over to Pony Girl and hooked up behind her.
As Frank started to insert the dildos into the three oral orifices of Pony Girl,
Galley Slut, and Commode Tart as Robert went to get Gumby and Barbie Doll. After
Gumby and Barbie Doll were added to the coffle and bunged, Elizabeth led Helm
over and hooked her up also.

   Frank mounted Pony Girl and led the coffle of girls to Quack while Robert
dragged Bilge Rat by her dangling clit behind the coffle. Elizabeth handed each
girl in the coffle a sixteen-ounce weight and Bilge Rat two of the weights. As
each girl passed in front of Quack, she hung her weight on one of Gloria's
breasts as Al hammered his fist in and out of Gloria's widely stretched pussy.
When the coffle girl finished hanging their weights Bilge Rat hung her two
weights one for herself and one for her husband that was being dragged by his
balls, behind her by her pussy lips.

   After the eight weights were hung on Gloria's breast rings, Elizabeth
attached each coffle girl's wrists to their collars. And she reglued Bilge Rat's
palms to the underside of her breasts.

   "Sweet Pea, get dress."

   "Yes daddy." Chirped Elizabeth. After she squirmed and wiggled into her
rubber suit she chirped, "Daddy the batteries are dead."

   "Then hustle your buns over to the Scorpion and get a recharged set, then get
back here pronto." Snapped Al.

   Elizabeth scurried off as Robert slapped Bilge Rat's breasts and yelled,
"WELL!"

   Beth shuddered from the impact of Robert's hand across her breasts. Choking
back a yelp Beth recited the speech that Robert had taught her. "Attention,
attention! Helen's Toys may I have your attention please! I have a special treat
for you today. So if you will please follow me I will show you it." Robert
grabbed Beth's dangling clit and turned her around, then headed for the Random
Access, bridge. Frank mounted atop of Pony Girl, spurred her to follow Beth thus
forcing the coffle of girls to follow.

    "Titless, Fucktoy start pumping them hamhocks!" Roared Al. As Susan and Edna
passed Al he popped his hand out of Quack's snatch and followed every one up to
the bridge leaving Gloria hanging on the "T" by herself.

   When Elizabeth entered the Random Access, bridge Beth started reciting what
Robert had taught her. Attention Helen's Toys as a treat our kind benefactors
have allow me, Bilge Rat to conduct a tour of this garbage scowl. So please
remain quite and pay attention. You will be held responsible for any information
divulged during this tour. Now let us begin.

   Over in the starboard corner of the bridge is the chart table. It's the very
spot that our great Lord and Master Al popped Fucktoy's cherry. On the deck just
in front of the chart table is where Fucktoy learned to use her face, boobies
and tushie to wipe up spunk. Half way between the chart table and the galley
ladder Fucktoy poop chute was drilled for the first time. Now if you would
please follow me as I continue the tour below."

   Edna had turn a beet red as Beth recited to everyone except Gloria the
defiling acts of sexual abuse she had gone through. The group followed Beth into
her parents' stateroom. It was a tight fit for everyone to be in the cabin at
the same time. Above you is a dogging hatch wheel that Fucktoy hung from ...
(Edna shuddered violently as she remembered how her breasts were pounded by Al
as she hung from that wheel.) as she learned how wonderful titty boxing is. And
here next to Noodles the Faggot and Titless Wonder bunk, Fucktoy learned to eat
tasty sausage and cream.

   "Follow me please." Beth led the group back to the bridge. Standing in front
of the radio Beth continued her tour dictation. "Here is where Fucktoy learned
how to use the radio and send messages. Fucktoy could you give us a
demonstration please."

   Edna shuddered as she saw the microphone that had been stuffed up her pussy
lying on top of the radio. Glancing quickly at Al who was standing to her left
with the fiberglass antenna in his hand. Edna maneuvered herself in front of the
group and picked up the microphone. Edna lifted her gown up and spread her legs
wide. She inserted the microphone into her pussy. Once the microphone was in her
pussy Edna clamped down with her cuntal muscles and recited her radio massage.

   "MAYDAY! MAYDAY! ANY VESSEL MAYDAY! THIS IS THE PLEASURE FUCK-YACHT RANDOM
FUCK WITH A BITCH AND A FUCKTOY ONBOARD. WE DESPERATELY NEED TO GET FUCKED.
FUCKED IN OUR TWATS, POOP-CHUTES AND MOUTHS. WE NEED HUGE FAT COCKS IMMEDIATELY.
BUT ANY LONG HARD ITEM WILL DO. THIS IS A GENERAL CALL.

   As Edna looked out to her audience she saw nothing but sorrow in her fellow
toy's eyes and sadistic gleaming eyes from the Anderson brothers.

   "Thank you for the demonstration, Fucktoy." chirped Beth. "Now if I may
direct the groups attention..."

   Edna started to remove the microphone from her pussy when Al struck her
fingers with the antenna. "Fucktoy if you want to keep them hands free you best
leave that mic in that nasty twat of yours. You are to hold up your gown so
everyone can see your twat! If you drop that mic I will have Quack sew that
nasty twat close. Understand Fucktoy!"

   "Yes Al My Lord and Master." Squeaked Edna.

   "GOOD! Titless let's see your star! Bilge Rat continue!" Roared Al

   "Helen's Toys if you will please direct your attention to the helm console.
You will notice that the throttle is missing. Our most wise and resourceful
benefactor Al used it when he used it to transform Fucktoy into a putt-putt. I
understand that because Fucktoy just can't get enough poop chute reaming from
her father, Noodles the Faggot, that Titless Wonder will demonstrate how it was
done. So if you all will please turn around and observe the demonstration."

   Everyone turned around and looked at Susan. She was bent over at the waist
with her legs spread wide. Her gown was draping over her head and she was
holding her ass cheeks spread wide. Her tight rectal star winked out at
everyone. Frank had the missing throttle in his hand. Once he saw that all eyes
were focus on Susan's asshole he jammed the ball of the throttle into her poop
chute. Once the throttle was buried deep into Susan, Frank bellowed, "Hold that
gown up and stand up straight."

   After standing as straight as the curved throttle allowed her Frank "gassed"
Susan. He pranced her around the bridge several times. He even lifted her up on
the chart table and aided her to jump from the chart table to the helm console
by shoving up on the throttle in her poop chute thus lifting her by the
throttle. Once he had her back down on the deck he "gassed" her though the hatch
and down, the ladder with the rest of the group following them.

   As Edna passed through the hatch Al barked, "Fucktoy you are to continuously
broadcast your massage nice and loud whenever Bilge Rat is not speaking. And
keep that twat exposed. Sweet Pea, go with your Uncle Robert."

   As loud as she could Edna continuously sang out her radio message as the
group made its way to the bow of the yacht. Edna stopped transmitting when Beth
started up her spiel.

   "Hear at the bow is where our brilliant benefactor Al made major
modifications to the simple Fucktoy putt-putt. After the extensive modifications
Fucktoy was transformed into a versatile cargo hauling putt-putt.

   Edna started broadcasting as soon as Beth finished chirping, "This way
please." Beth followed Frank as he "gassed" Susan down the port side of the
yacht. Without stopping Beth chirped as the group passed the galley's hatch
"This is where Fucktoy the cargo hauler picked up her first cargo load. Which,
she made personal deliveries to each of our benefactors. The group stopped near
the spot where Edna was first double rape by Frank and Robert. "This is where
Fucktoy proudly proclaim her true nature. Fucktoy if you please."

   Edna groaned to herself as she stood in the exact spot where she was first
double rape. Standing on wide spread legs and bent over at the waist and her
head tilted backwards. She then lewdly gyrated, her hips and shook her breasts
back and forth as she sang out, "Hello my name is Fucktoy. I am a fucking
station with three fuck tunnels, ready for use. Please use anyone of my fuck
tunnels or use any two fuck tunnels or even all three, fuck tunnels for your
sexual pleasure. The best fuck tunnel is at my rear. Thank you for using Fuck
Central for all of your cum deposits." Edna then jacked her mouth wide open and
waited.

   With her father still strapped to her heinie and his prick still sewn in
place up her poop chute she knew that the Andersons would not fuck her in the
ass. So that left her pussy, which all three Andersons had fucked earlier, that
now had a microphone stuffed up it and her mouth. Which she suspected would be
the next target of the Andersons perverse desires. She was not disappointed as
Al massive cock slammed into her mouth.

   As the group watch Al ram his fuck rod in and out of Edna's mouth Frank
"gassed" Susan over to Gloria. Lifting the weights that were hanging from
Gloria's breast rings then he bellowed, "Quack you best start watching Piglet,
or I'll have every toy add two more weights...  (Frank tugged the weights back
and forth.) ...to keep these company. Then Frank dropped the weights he was
holding.

   It took every ounce of strength that Gloria had to squelch the screams that
boiled up inside of her as the weights tugged upon her squished tit flesh. She
turned her head and shifted her gaze from Frank's devilish grin to Edna who was
sucking on Al's massive one eye wonder as it pounded in and out of her mouth.

   With Gloria watching Edna, Frank "gassed" Susan and had her prance around the
stern of the yacht. Frank kept Susan moving at a fast paced clip until he and Al
traded places.

   When Al took over Susan's "gassing" Susan found out just how much pain the
throttle shoved up her ass could cause. When Frank "gassed" her it was a brief
backward yank on the throttle. But when Al "gassed" her he would savagely yank
back and forth on the throttle like a stick shift in a car. And when he was not
"gassing" her he shoved the throttle deep into her ass forcing her to remain up
on her toes as she prance around the stern of the yacht. When Robert and
Elizabeth came back aboard the yacht with a table and a large basket Al allowed
her to stop and help Elizabeth set up the table.

   Then Robert took over her "Gassing" he put a new spin on Susan's prancing.
Instead of grabbing the throttle from behind her and pulling backwards which
caused the throttle to be thrust forward towards her uterus and propel her
forward. Robert stood in front of her and pulled forward causing the throttle to
dig into her spine and force her to run backwards which Susan was not too
efficient at. Susan would constantly stumble and fall as Robert drove her
backwards. Robert would simply curse Susan out for being clumsy as he kicked her
breasts. Then reached down and dragged her to her feet by her hair. While he
held her up on her feet by the hair Robert would lift her up off the deck by the
throttle and shake her before setting her back down and resuming her backward
prancing as Robert "gassed" her. Susan was actually grateful when, Frank and
Robert traded places.

   After gobbling down the third load of jism and third branding for mouth
service. Edna heard Beth's sing out as she continued to suck and lick Robert's
cock.

   "It was just after a similar display of Fucktoy's sexual prowess that Fucktoy
shock and stupefied out kind benefactors and Titless Wonder by reveling a deep
dark secret about herself and Noodles the Faggot. Fucktoy would you care to
enlighten the other toys as to what secret you reviled."

   As Robert withdrew his fuck rod from Edna's mouth he twisted her head until
she was looking at the group. With tears streaming down her face and beet red
from total humiliation responded in a sweet sexy voice, "I informed out kind
benefactors and my mother the Titless Wonder, that I was not a true virgin. I
told them that ever sense I was a little girl that I had an insatiable desire to
have Noodles the Faggot, my daddy faggot prick. To hide the fact that Noodles
the Faggot and me, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy were having wild
rompish sex, my faggot daddy bung me in my poop chute. That way when Titless
Wonder, my over jealous and frigid mommy probe my love box with her hot tongue,
my cherry would still be in place. My faggot daddy and me snuck around for years
this way. But when our kind benefactors showed mommy what a hot time fucking
could be I begged Al, My Lord and Master if my faggot daddy could bung my poop
chute constantly in a attempt to quench my insatiable need for having my ass
corn-holed. I wish to thank Al, My Lord and Master for granting my wish."

   "Well there's much more exciting places to see on this tour such as Fucktoy's
day at the races and many other equally exciting spots. But I see that you are
all famished so if you would follow me to the refreshment stand we'll have a
quick snack before our tour continues."

   Helen's Toys followed their tour guide over to the table where Al and
Elizabeth were standing. Frank "gassed" Susan over to the table. Robert had even
released Gloria's twat bondage and taken her down off the "T", but the boards
that were squishing her breasts and the weights that were hanging from breasts
rings were left in place. Once all of the captives were around the table Al
barked a single word.

   "DRINK!"

   The captives that had their three holes plugged with rubber dildos started to
piss. The piss race through the tubing giving an enema to each girl and each
sucked down the piss and shit solution that the enema delivered to their mouths.
The remaining captives were bottle-fed a solution of piss and shit by Elizabeth.

   "I want each of you toys to hold the last mouth full of that yummy cocktail."
Roared Al. 

   Each captive held a mouthful of piss and shit solution as Elizabeth removed
the dildos that filling the mouths that had them. Once all of the mouth dildos
had been removed Elizabeth tilted each female captive head back and pop a
meatball into each mouth the seal the mouth up with duct tape. The two male
captives had a raw steak shoved in their mouth and had the mouth seal shut with
duct tape.

   "Now you toys may start chewing on your tasty treats. But none of you will
swallow until your are given permission to." Growled Al. All of the captives
chewed on there morsels for ten minutes when Al ask the group, "Aren't those
meatballs and steaks the most scrumptious things that you all had ever tasted? "

   Though the only thing that the captives could taste was piss and shit, every
captive gave a muffled affirmative response and nod there heads up and down
vigorously.

   "Good, good. Would all of you like to know what choice bit of meat you all
are gobbling up?" Chuckled Al.

   Again the group answered affirmatively with both grunts and nodding heads.

   "Very well! I'll let our fine chief tell you just what those tasty treats
are. Sweet Pea if you please."

   "Please daddy don't ..." SMACK! "AAARRRGGGG!" THUD!

   After crawling back to her feet from the brutal slap across her face by her
father Elizabeth address the group as tears streamed down her eyes. "Helen's
Toys I need all of you to stop chewing for awhile and look this way please."
Elizabeth waited until all of the captives' eyes were fixed on her. Except for
Steve and James who were laying on the deck staring at the backs of their wife,
(In Steve's case.) and daughter, (In James's case.) "With great pride and honor
I am happy to announce that for the sluttish bitch toys I have selected from my
extensive private stores the largest and plumpest faggot TESTIS."

   Elizabeth watched the faces in front of her twist into pure shock and horror
and cheeks puff out. Several noses ejected piss and shit. The tape over all of
the mouths bulged as tongues pressed against the tape in order to dislodge the
tape so they could spit out what was in their mouths. Three of the girls
collapsed to the deck. The Anderson brothers also collapsed to the deck. However
unlike Edna, Mary and Lori who had fainted, the Anderson brother collapsed to
the deck from side ripping laughter.

   After the roaring laughter quieted down a bit the Anderson brothers crawled
over to the three unconscious girls. Then snapping smelling salt ampoules under
the noses of the girls who fainted. While her father and uncles dragged the
three groggy girls back to their feet Elizabeth scurried around the table.
Crouching down between Steve and James she gently stroke their cheeks. "And for
my baby Piss Ant and Noodles the FAGGOT. They have grade A TITTY steaks. Donated
by Titless Wonder." Elizabeth watch the same facial contortions appear on Steve
and James.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 35




   Log Entry Number: 36

   The scullery

  

   Frank grasped a hand full of Susan's hair then he grabbed the end of the
throttle sticking out of Susan's ass. He shoved the throttle up lifting Susan up
off the deck by the metal rod. Once Susan was lifted up about three feet he
released his grip on the throttle. Susan dropped down towards the deck. The only
thing that prevented Susan from collapsing completely to the deck was Frank's
grip on her hair. As Susan hung by her hair Frank regrabbed the throttle and
shoved Susan back up in the air. Frank bounced Susan up and down in this manor
as he giggled, "Hey everyone look! Titless Wonder is so excited that the FAGGOTS
are munching on her titties that she is jumping up and down with pure joy." The
Anderson brothers, let loose another roundhouse of rip-roaring laughter as Susan
was bounced around like a marionette.

   "Ya! The slut sure is all wound up over having her titties munched." Giggled
Robert.

   "Well maybe we should allow Titless to provide some titty for the FAGGOTS to
feast on once a week." Chortle Al.

   Frank stopped bouncing Susan and seethed into her ear. "Would you like that
bitch!" Susan's face showed nothing but pain and anguish as she hung limply by
her hair. Not seeing any type of response from Susan he started shaking Susan by
her hair as he growled, "I see that you need some time to ponder. So what do you
say to a casual stroll while you mull it over?

   Frank yank back on the throttle as he released Susan's hair, forcing Susan to
once again prance. As Frank and Susan turn the corner and headed up the port
side of the yacht, Al mounted Lori.

   "QUACK; TOYBOX!" Snarled Al.

   Gloria started heading for the Scorpion and the dreaded reefer. As Gloria
moved out Al spurred Lori in to motion with several slashes across her breasts
with a cane. Lori trotted after Gloria towing the line of girls hooked up to
her. Robert grabbed Beth's clit and followed the coffle. As Robert followed
behind Helen who was the caboose of the coffle he kicked Helen ass with his
booted foot.

   "QUACK! Shake them TITTIES!" Roared Al as he swatted Lori's breasts with his
cane.

   Gloria rocked her shoulders causing the weights hanging from breast rings to
sway. The weights pulled and jerked the bulging tips of her breast that were
peeking out from between the boards that were squishing most of her breasts
wafer thin.

   "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, you need to follow my daddy and the
toys." Squeaked Elizabeth.

   "Edna followed the group just behind Steve who was scooting himself backwards
along the deck, as he hung from his wife's pussy lips by his balls. Glancing
down at her elegant evening gown that she was still wearing, Edna felt strange
as she followed the ten nude people in front of her. Even tough she was holding
the hem of her gown up so that all could see her pussy Edna felt shamefully
overdress.

   Once every one was gathered in the Scorpion's galley Al dismounted Lori and
open the reefer door marked "HELEN'S TOYBOX". Shoving Gloria just inside the
reefer he bellowed, "Sweet Pea, bring Fucktoy in here. As Al's daughter and Edna
made there way to the reefer with James in tow, Al had Gloria stand by the
number one mooring station inside the reefer with her legs spread wide. Al
yanked the dildo that was stuffed up Gloria's snatch. Then he jammed a rubber
whip up Gloria's snatch.

   Edna shuddered as she entered the reefer. She saw the rows of hoists with the
numbers one to ten painted on them. She saw Gloria was standing under the number
one hoist. She and Elizabeth stood under the number two, hoist. Between Gloria
and herself, Edna saw the exercise cycle and nearly collapsed from fright. In
front of Gloria stood Al grinning. Frank had lead Beth with Steve hanging from
her pussy lips to the rear of the reefer and left her standing, there, facing
Gloria. Then Frank left the reefer and a few minutes later striped nude except
for her collar and cuffs, Lori stepped into the reefer.

   "WELL Pony Girl?" Snapped Al.

   Edna watched Lori stepped up to Gloria and jerked the rubber whip from
Gloria's snatch and whipped each of Gloria's protruding nipples five times each.
After Lori finished whipping Gloria's nipples she rammed the whip back up
Gloria's twat. Then Lori went and squatted under the number ten, hoist.

   As Betty entered the reefer Al snapped, "Sweet Pea! Show Fucktoy how to put
away the toys!"

   Edna watched Elizabeth attach a spreader bar to Lori's ankles then hook the
spreader bar to the hook on hoist number ten. Then Elizabeth activated the hoist
control lifting Lori up off the deck by the ankles. Once Lori was suspended
Elizabeth hooked Lori wrists to eyebolts embedded in the reefer deck. Then
Elizabeth restarted the hoist motor until Lori was stretched taunt. Finally
Elizabeth disconnected the dildo from the tube coming out of Lori's ass and
connected the tube to a pipe running along the reefer bulkhead.

   By time Elizabeth was finished with Lori, Betty was squatting under hoist
number nine. "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, you hook up Galley Slut the
same way I hooked up Pony Girl." Chirped Elizabeth.

   Edna started to head for Betty when Al barked, "Let Galley squat there have
Fucktoy put away Commode next."

   Edna watched Marsha finish whipping Gloria's nipples, and then shoved the
whip back up Gloria's snatch. After Marsha squatted under hoist number eight
Edna hooked, hung and stretched Marsha up under hoist number eight. Still under
Elizabeth supervision Edna suspended Bonnie the same way.

   When Edna move to Mary under hoist number six Al barked, "Sweet Pea does
Fucktoy know how to put away the toys?"

   "Yes daddy she does." Replied Elizabeth.

   "Then take Galley and have her feed mommy then start cooking our food. Sweet
Pea you are to watch Galley very closely. She best still have her yummy testy in
her mouth when your uncles or I check. If it's not there the both of you well
regret it. You will get your heinie tanned. Galley will donate her clitty and
both complete boobies to the next feast." Elizabeth had just herded Betty out of
the reefer when Al Bellowed, "NO TALKING TO MOMMY, SWEET PEA."

   In the galley Elizabeth herd the lashing of Gloria's nipples continue as she
scoop a cup of dry dog food and pour it in to a large bowl. Then she filled a
sixteen-ounce bottle with dirty soapy dishwater. Elizabeth decided to leave both
of Betty's hands fastened to the collar and carry both containers until they
both reached the stern. Elizabeth didn't want to risk having Betty rip off the
duct tape and spitting out the testicle that was in her mouth. She was thinking
of feeding her mother herself when she ran into her Uncle Frank.

   He was having Susan prance around the stern of the Scorpion as he "gassed"
her. "Sweet Pea, what are you doing out here with Galley!" Roared Frank.

   "Me and Galley Slut are delivering food to mommy, as per daddies
instructions, Uncle Frank."

   Stepping in front of Betty Frank unhooked her wrist from her collar. "Hand
Galley, mommies meal then "gas" Titless to daddy. I'll see to it that your mommy
is fed."

   "Uncle Frank, daddy wanted me to have Galley Slut start cooking something for
you, Uncle Robert, and daddy when mommy was finished being fed."

   WHACK! "Then I suggest that after you deliver Titless to daddy you get your
buns back here and get Galley." WHACK! "Now move it."

   Both of Elizabeth cheeks burned where her uncle had slapped her. Gently she
pulled on the throttle sticking out of Susan's ass to get her in motion.
Suddenly her uncle reached around her body grasped her hand that was wrapped
around the throttle and savagely yanked back on it. At the same time he smacked
the back of his nieces head.

   "GAS THE BITCH!" Bellowed Frank.

   Elizabeth pulled on the throttle as hard as she could, causing Susan to lurch
forward. Susan glanced over her shoulder at the fourteen-year-old that was
jerking up on the throttle in her ass. Susan let out a remorseful, pathetic
groaned as she pranced towards the galley on her toes. As she and Elizabeth
headed to the galley, Frank and Betty headed aft to feed Miss Linda Ann
Anderson.

   Linda was startled and blinked repeatedly as the tank she was sitting in was
flooded by harsh light coming from the four floodlights in the tank. Then she
heard the hatch above her open up. Linda looked up and saw the night sky and the
outline of two people on the deck above. One of them was the short brutish
outline of her brother-in-law Frank and the other of one of the tormented
captive girls. "Please Frank let me out! Please Frank." Whined Linda.

   "Now, now Linda you should know better then that by now." Giggled Frank as he
threw a switch.

   Linda screamed at the top of her lungs and thrashed around as the sewage
sludge she was sitting in was charged with electricity. When the power stopped
surging through her body she heard Frank speaking to her.

   "After all it was you who said, and I quote "I would rather live in a shit
hole then live in any form of luxury while you assholes rape innocent girls." So
Albert granted your wish. He provided this wonderful shit hole for you to live
in." Frank broke out in a rip-roaring laughter. When he calmed down he ask, "Do
you want another jolt or would you like something to eat?"

   "Eat, Frank! I would like some thing to eat."

   "Galley! Feed her!" Snapped Frank

   Betty plopped down on the deck and lowered the bowl of dry dog food into the
tank Linda was in. With her stretching her arm out and Linda up on her knees,
Linda managed to fish out some of the nuggets of dog food from the bowl. The dog
food made crunching noises as she chewed it.

   AW! What's the matter Linda is your food, a tad dry. Here let me help you
with that. Galley on your knees." When Betty scrambled to her knees Frank pissed
into Linda's dog food bowl. "FEED HER!" Betty popped back down and stretched her
arm back into the tank. "EAT OR ZAP!"

   Linda got back on her knees and ate the remainder of her piss soggy dog food.
Then Betty held the bottle of soapy water to Linda's lips. When Linda was finish
with her meal Frank took the bowl that held the dog food in it and crapped into
it. Then he handed it back to Betty who lowered it into the tank.

   "Though you were a very bad little girl for asking to be let out of your shit
hole I'm going to give you a tasty treat.

   Without a peep for she knew that there was nothing but the painful jots of
electricity to fill her body Linda ate her brother-in-law's shit.

   "Now wasn't that a sweet peace of candy?" Giggled Frank as Betty withdrew the
empty bowl.

   "Yes Frank thank you for my delicious meal and candy." Whimpered Linda.

   "AND!" Roared Frank.

    And I'm very sorry for bothering you about letting me out of the shit hole I
asked to be put in." Cried Linda.

   "That's all right, nothing is to good for my brother's little old ball and
chain." Chuckled Frank as he closed and dogged the sewage tank hatch and turned
off the floodlights in the tank.

   Linda was once again plunge into total darkness with only leaches to keep her
company. The raw earthy taste of Frank's shit still coated her tongue. She had
no way to rid herself of that taste. The only thing that she had to wash out her
mouth was the ship's sewage that she waddled in. Just before Frank has closed
the hatch Linda herd her daughter's voice.

   Uncle Frank I'm here for Galley Slut."

   As Frank entered the Toybox Edna had just finish hanging her mother up and
Robert was showing Edna how to insert a catheter into her mother piss channel.
When Edna finished hooking her mother to the sewage pipe Robert towed Beth in
front of Gloria. With out being told Beth yanked the rubber whip from Gloria's
twat and delivered her quota of lashes and her husbands to Gloria's breasts.
Then Robert towed her out of the reefer by her clit.

   "Your turn Fucktoy." Cooed Al.

   After Edna delivered her ten lashes to Gloria's breasts, she watched Gloria
"apologize" to each of the suspended girl. Then Edna was taught how to hook
Gloria up to the exercise cycle. Once Gloria was peddling away Al had Edna
follow Elizabeth out of the reefer. The last thing Al did before he stepped out
of the reefer was to turn off the reefer light

   In the mess deck Al and Frank grasped Edna's nipples and stretched them
taunt. The two brothers held a knife to Edna's breasts as Al Growled. "You can
either swallow what's in your mouth or Frank and me can slice your titties off
inch by inch until you do!"

   Though it revolted her to do so Edna swallowed the chewed testicle that was
in her mouth rather then watch Al and Frank slice off her breasts like they did
to her mother.

   After Al watched Edna swallow he ripped the duct tape off her mouth and
inspected it. Glancing in to the monitor that showed Galley Slut cooking and his
daughter watching Galley Slut. "Sweet Pea! Haul your buns in here!" Roared Al.

   "Yes daddy?" Chirped Elizabeth as she entered the mess hall.

   "Take Fucktoy here show her where the engine room is. Turn her over to your
Uncle Robert. Tell him to show Fucktoy how bilge pumping is done."

   "Yes, daddy. Follow me Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy!" chirped
Elizabeth.

   Edna followed Elizabeth down to the engine room there she saw Steve hanging
from a hoist that was mounted on a trolley by a butt plug and his wrist. Two
lines ran from Steve's balls to Beth's pussy lips that force Beth to stand on
her toes. Steve still had the duct tape over his mouth but Beth did not.
However, over two dozen chart pins were sticking out of Beth's breasts. Edna
assumed and later learned that Robert had jabbed chart pins into Beth's breasts
until she swallowed the testicle that was in her mouth.

   Elizabeth told her Uncle Robert what her father told her then left the engine
room.

   Robert had Edna follow Beth around the engine room a couple of times then had
Edna help Beth to pump the bulges as he service the Scorpion's generators and
other systems.  About thirty minutes later Al informed Robert that the meal was
ready via the intercom. Beth and Steve were left alone in the engine room with
orders for Beth to finish pumping the bilge then start cleaning the engines with
her tongue when the bilge was pumped. Robert then escorted Edna back to the mess
deck.

   Edna, Betty and Elizabeth watched the Anderson brothers eat the steak and
fries that Betty had prepared for them. When the three brothers finished eating
they allowed Elizabeth to eat the meat scraps and remaining fries, as Edna and
Betty watched. After Elizabeth licked the plates clean Al barked, "Play time!"

   As Elizabeth begin stripping off her rubber suit Frank growled, "Galley!
Clear the table!" Once the table was cleared Robert climb up on the table and
lay down. Elizabeth climbed up on the table and squatted over her Uncle Robert's
prick. Elizabeth guided her uncle's cock up her ass. When Robert's cock was
fully imbedded up his niece's rump her Uncle Frank slid his cock into he niece's
mouth. Lastly Al rammed his thirteen-inch cock into his daughter's twat.

   As the three men pounded their cocks in and out of the pubescent teen Al
snapped, "Fucktoy push the second button on the monitor."

   Edna saw the reefer that the girls were suspended in and where Gloria was
peddling away on the exercise cycle appear on the monitor screen.

   "Now Fucktoy, go put Galley away."

   Edna went to the galley and squeaked barely audible, "Galley Slut. Al My Lord
and Master, wants me to put you away." Betty put down the plate she was cleaning
and headed to the reefer marked Helen's Toybox. She opened the reefer door and
entered the reefer. She squatted under the number nine hoist and waited for Edna
to hook her up.

   Once Edna had Betty suspended and hooked up to the sewage pipe, Edna stared
in disbelief at Gloria on the exercise cycle. She watched Gloria's breasts,
which were still trapped between the boards that were compressing them, being
jerked back and forth along with her clitoris. Edna saw Gloria's bright red back
from the constant whipping. Edna also herded the farting like sounds that the
hot air that was being blown through the two dildos that were spearing her twat
and poop chute, were making.

   Suddenly all of the hanging girls rattled in their chains, Gloria started to
jerk sporadically and Edna collapsed to the deck flopping like a fish out of
water. When the searing current died down Al voice came over the little speaker
in the corner of the reefer. "FUCKTOY! You were sent to put the Galley Slut toy
away! Not to gawk at the Quack! Get your ass back in here pronto or you'll get
another jolt!"

   Edna scurried to the mess hall so quickly that she didn't shut the reefer
door. When she got to the mess hall, Elizabeth's three family members upon the
table were still drilling her.

   "Fucktoy! Come here." Snapped Al.

   Edna stood next to Al who immediately slapped her hard enough to make her fly
backwards and land atop of her father. "BITCH! If you ever leave that reefer
door open again I'm going to hang you by your boobies from it for a week! And
everyone will whip that fanny of yours twenty times each whenever they enter or
leave the reefer! Now go and close it, then clean the galley!"

   Edna scrambled to her feet race to the reefer and closed the door then
hurried over to the galley scullery and began cleaning the galley. Just before
Edna had finished cleaning the galley Elizabeth appeared in the galley and
directed Edna to follow her. 

   Elizabeth took Edna to the engine room there the two girls removed two deck
plates. They had Beth get into one section and lowered Steve in the other
section. After removing the hoist hook, the deck plates were replaced and bolted
in place. Trapping Beth and Steve in the bilge. After leaving the engine room
Edna and Elizabeth went to Helen's Toybox. Their Edna helped Elizabeth unhooked
Gloria from the exercise cycle. After Gloria apologize to Betty, Elizabeth had
Edna hang Gloria from the number one hoist. Gloria began to buck and scream
behind her duct-taped mouth as Edna aided Elizabeth remove the boards that were
squishing Gloria's breasts.

   Gloria continued to buck and writhe, as Edna followed Elizabeth to the other
reefer. Edna watched Elizabeth place two gallons of milk on a cart then wheel
the cart back to the Toybox reefer. Edna watch Elizabeth set up the milk filling
process for Gloria's left breast then coached Edna through the same steps for
Gloria's right breast. Though Gloria was still in immense pain and her breast
still look squished Edna knew that soon Gloria's breasts would be bulging from
the milk that was being pump into them.

   Standing at the entrance of the reefer with Edna, Elizabeth turned off the
reefer light then sweetly cooed, "Attention Helen's Toys you are all given
permission to finish eating your treat. The next time your mealy mouths are
check every one of those testicles had best be gone or the entire toy collection
will suffer for it and the one or ones that acutely haven't eaten theirs will
loose their clitty. Then she chirped "Night, night don't let the bed bugs bite!"
Then Elizabeth handed a large jar to Edna and picked one up her self from just
outside of the reefer. The two girls at the entrance of the reefer uncapped the
two large jars releasing the mosquitoes that were in the jars. Elizabeth and
Edna stepped back and Edna closed the reefer door.

   Outside of Helen's Toybox Elizabeth place a set of shackles around Edna's
ankles that had only six inches of slack in them. Then Elizabeth drew Edna
elbows together and snapped a pair of handcuff around Edna's arms just above the
elbows. "Follow me and pay attention you will only be instructed this one time.
If you don't want additional painful punishment you will get it right.

   Edna followed Elizabeth into the food reefer. "These (Elizabeth pointed at
three fifty-five gallon drums are filled with the toys food. You are to use the
drum closes to the door first. If the drum is more then seven-eight's of the way
empty you are to notify Uncl... Your Lord and Master Frank. He will rearrange
the drums for you. Never open any other drum other then the one by the door.
Your Lord and Master Frank WILL DO IT! When given permission you are to fill a
sixteen-ounce bottle for each toy that you have been told to feed. These
(Holding up three blue striped bottle) are to be filled from the twenty-five
gallon drum over there on the opposite side of the entrance, whenever you feed
Helm Bitch and ONLY Helm Bitch. This is specially formulated for Helm Bitch. Woe
the pity to you if you are caught eating any of it. Or for that matter any food
with out permission."

   Edna followed Elizabeth as she stepped out in to the galley.

   "Whenever you clean dishes or wash clothes or clean anything else you are to
save the dirty water. When given permission to give one of the toys some thing
to drink you are to fill either a sixteen ounce bottle or a two liter bottle,
depending on your orders with the dirty water to give to the toys to drink. This
is the only food and drink the toys are given unless Your Lord and Masters tell
you different. Galley Slut will normally prepare Your Lord and Masters meals.
However if you are ordered to do it remember that each of Your Lord and Masters
gets a T-bone stake and a half of bag of fries smothered with ketchup with a
six-pack of cold beer to wash it down. One last thing always, do exactly what
Your Lord and Masters tell you to do. It will make your life a little less
painful. Now, finish cleaning the galley, and then clean the mess deck. One of
Your Lord and Masters or I Your All Knowing Mistress will be around watching you
so no goldbricking. Oh! By the way as on the bridge of that garbage scow of the
toy Noodles the FAGGOT, any cream, candy or golden juice you find are to be
wiped up with your body or licked up with your tongue. If you're caught using
any thing else you will be very sorry. Now get to work." Elizabeth left Edna
alone in the galley.

   Edna hobbled over to the scullery and continued to clean the galley. She felt
total foolish at being told what to do by a fourteen year old. But like the
other Andersons her word was law. Edna was scrubbing the stove when her father
grunted and she felt a pair of small hands lift up her gown in front, which
exposed her pussy. One of the little hands held her gown up while the other
probed the snatch.

   "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, what is this?" Coed Elizabeth sweetly
as she rocked the microphone that Edna still was clutching in her pussy.

   "My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress, it's a microphone that My Lord and
Master Al commanded me to keep up my twat."

   "What's it for Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy?" Elizabeth continued to
coo.

   "My Most Wise And Wonderful Mistress, it's so I can send out a distress call
so that Titless Wonder and myself the Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, can
get more hard cocks or any other hard item to fill our six fuck tunnels."

   Shoving the microphone deeper into Edna's snatch as she screamed at the top
of her lungs Elizabeth bellowed into Edna's ear, "WELL THEN BITCH YOU HAD BEST
START BROADCASTING!"

   In a loud clear voice Edna begin reciting the radio message that Al had
taught her as she continue to scrub the stove. Edna spent another forty-five
minuets cleaning the galley before moving to the mess hall. There was dried
spunk and pussy cream, almost everywhere. Edna groaned as she dropped to the
deck and crawled under the table where Al had been. Edna begin scraping the
dried cum off the deck with her teeth and flick up the flakes with her tongue as
she mumbled her radio massage.

   It was going on three hours since Edna had entered the dining room. She had
barely completed scraping and licking up a third of the dried sex juices that
practically caked every thing in the room. She couldn't believe how hard the
spunk and pussy cream could get. God how her teeth, tongue and jaw ached. She
was scrapping cum off the bulkhead and deck junction near where Frank had been
sitting when laughter erupted behind her. Edna looked over her shoulder to see
Robert standing behind her.

   "Piglet you sure do like that cream, don't you?"

   "Yes, Robert, My Lord and Master, I just love any type of cream." Edna
chirped sweetly.

   "Would you like some fresh cream instead of that dried crusty cream?"

   "Yes, Robert, My Lord and Master, I would love some fresh cream. May I please
have some fresh cream? Please Robert My Lord and Master."

   Then get your ass over here and lock your lip... (Robert waggled his prick to
and fro.) ...around this Piglet."

   Edna scrambled over to Robert and lavishly sucked and licked his prick. When
Robert started to ejaculate Robert let one tiny squirt enter Edna's mouth before
he pinch of the jism flow. "Now wasn't that tasty?" Robert chuckled as he shoved
Edna backwards atop of her father.

   "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master, it was very tasty cream."

   "Spread them!" Robert roared.

   Edna spread her legs wide expecting to be fucked in her pussy. But instead
Robert kicked her with his booted foot squarely in her cunt as he bellowed I
can't hear that message that you're supposes to be broadcasting.

   Shuttering from gut wrenching pain Edna stammered her radio massage at the
top of her lungs as Robert walked over to the table and sprayed the remaining of
his pen up jism across the table then used his prick to spread the jism out
thinly across the table.

   Robert walked back over to Edna and kicked her in her twat once again before
marking his usage on her chest. Then he headed for the galley. "PIGLET! Get your
ass in here NOW!" Robert bellowed from the galley.

   Edna struggled to her feet and scurried to the galley. "Yes, Robert My Lord
and Master."

   Seething Robert let his spittle fly into Edna's face. "Were you told to clean
this space before doing anything else?"

   Nervously Edna responded, "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master, I was..." SMACK,
SMACK! THUD! After two severe blows across her face Edna collapsed to the deck
in front of Robert.

   Shoving Edna's head with his booted foot until her face was smashed into the
crack between the deck and the stove. "LICK!"

   Edna shuddered as she lanced out her tongue into the crack. Her tongue picked
up bits and pieces of food and grease.

   "WELL! DO YOU CALL THAT CLEAN?"

   "Close to tears Edna stammered, "No, Robert My Lord and Master, it's not
clean. Aaarrrggg!" Robert dragged Edna back to her feet. Sliding out the stove's
drip pan, Robert scooped up a hand full of grease drippings. "OPEN THAT MAW!"
Robert lobbed the hand full of crud into Edna's mouth. "SWALLOW!"

   As she swallowed the fowl tasting grease and drippings, Robert smeared the
remaining goop in his hand across Edna's face. Then Robert picked up the pot of
cooking oil that the fries were cooked in. "WHY WASN'T THIS PROPERLY STOWED?"
Growled Robert as he dumped the cooking oil over Edna's head.

   With cooking oil cascading down her head and flowing over, through and under
her gown to pool on her father and the deck, Edna whined, I'm sorry, Robert My
Lord and Master, I didn't kno..." CLANG!

   Robert rapped Edna along the side of her head with the pot. "You dumb fuck up
slut! This is a boat! What would happen if we got underway and this pot was
still on the stove?"

   "It may slide off the stov..." CLANG!

   Robert smacked Edna with the pot again. "It would make a mess! Now wouldn't
it, SLUT!"

   "Yes Robert, My Lord and Master. It would have made a very big mess. I'm
sorry for leav..." CLANG! CLINK! Once again Robert hit her head with the pot,
then drop the pot onto Edna's head. "Now you are to do what you were told to do!
And it best be spotless the next time I check."

   Edna lifted the pot and watched Robert leave the galley as she groan to
herself "Dear God help me, please!"

   Just before exiting the galley Robert turned and snapped, "SLUT! Stop playing
with that pot and get to work. And get that dress clean!"

   Edna let the pot drop back down over her head and drop to her knees and begin
to wipe up the cooking oil with her gown. When the gown had sopped up as much of
the cooking oil that it could hold Edna got up on her feet. While peeking down
at the rim of the pot Edna made her way to the scullery. With her arms shackled
together and her father strapped to her rump Edna could not get the oil drenched
gown off. So while still wearing it she hand scrubbed the gown and wrung it out
the best that she could. Then she twisted and turned to clean her father. He
moaned and groaned pitifully as she cleaned him. Once he even let out a horrid
muffled scream through the duct tape covering his mouth when Edna tried to lift
his left arm. So Edna just left his arms on the deck and gently washed them off.
Then retrieved a sponge and bucket from under the sink. Though the galley was
spacious it was never design for some one dragging a person from their butt. So
with some difficulty Edna turned around and returned to where the cooking oil
was dumped on her and begin wiping up the cooking oil.

   "I can't hear you, SLUT!" Bellowed Robert.

   Edna droned out her radio massage as she cleaned up the cooking oil. The
sound of her voice rang loudly as it bounced around inside the pot.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 36




   Log Entry Number: 37

   	fixing a broken toy 	

  

   Edna didn't know how long she spent cleaning the galley. But just as she was
polishing the last of the fingerprints off the Toybox door and still droning her
radio message when she was interrupted, by the pot being lifted up off her head.

   "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, it's time for breakfast. Follow me."
Chirped Elizabeth as she opened the Toybox.

   Edna groaned as she followed Elizabeth into the Toybox reefer. As the two
made there way to where Betty hung Edna shivered from the cold air in the
reefer. Thinking to herself, "Oh-god its near freezing in here. I've only been
in here for a minute and I'm chilled to the bone. My mom and the others were in
this frigid cold all night." Edna glanced to the deck and saw the mosquitoes
that she and Elizabeth had released. They had all died from the cold. But before
they did they had feasted, as attested by the welts on the suspended sex slaves.

   Elizabeth instructed Edna on how to lower and unfasten Betty, then shackle
Betty's ankles and elbows together. 

   "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy. Whenever you take one of the toys out
of the Toybox you are to fasten them in this manor before taking them out of the
Toybox. Unless instructed otherwise by your Lords and Masters." Chirped
Elizabeth. Then Edna and Elizabeth escorted Betty to the galley. Edna watched
Betty start to mess up the galley that she had spent hours so painstakingly
cleaning, as Betty begun cooking breakfast.

   Edna was lightly tapped on the shoulder. Turning her head Edna saw Elizabeth
crocking her index finger. Edna followed Elizabeth down into the engine room.
Her father screamed madly and thrashed about wildly with every step Edna took as
she descended down the ladders. Several times her father muscular contractions
nearly made her plummet down the ladders. But luckily Edna managed to keep her
balance and follow Elizabeth. In the engine room Edna and Elizabeth, unbolted
the deck plates that the Leptons were trapped under. Then Elizabeth instructed
Edna on how to attach the tram hoist hook to Steve. In no time Edna had Beth up
on her toes performing bilge-cleaning duties.

   The ascent from the engine room back to the galley was even harder for Edna
to accomplish then getting to the engine room. Not only did her father thrashing
about make it difficult, but also she had to struggle with her father's weight.
Also ever time that she either tried to use the handrails or crawl up the
ladders Elizabeth would savagely strike her sunburnt back between her shoulder
blades with a bamboo cane. So Edna was near exhaustion when she reached the
galley, from dragging her father up the ladders. Who, had passed out from the
pain just before reaching the galley. Elizabeth led Edna back to the Toybox.
After removing the duct tape from Gloria's mouth and checked her mouth.
Satisfied that Gloria's mouth was empty Elizabeth showed Edna how to cap
Gloria's breasts, release Gloria from her station and escort her to the mess
deck where the three Anderson brothers were eating.

   Gloria rushed up to Al and thrust her left breast towards Al. "Al, My Lord
and Master, I have some very tasty milk for you. Would you like to warm it up
before you drink some of it?

   Al picked up the leather strop that was lying on the table. THWACK! THWACK!
THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! Al smacked Gloria's left breasts with the strop then he
jerked the cap off of Gloria's left nipple and started sucking on the nipple.

   "PIGLET! Return Galley to the Toybox!" Snapped Frank.

   Betty crawled from under the table with spunk dripping from her face and
headed for the galley with Edna following her. After hanging Betty up at her
station, and hooking her up to the sewage system, Edna returned to the mess deck
where she saw Robert sucking on Gloria's nipple.

   Continuing to suck on the nipple in his mouth Robert growled, "PIGLET! Is my
galley clean?"

   "No Robert My Lord and Master, the Galley is not clean. Galley Slu..."

   "WELL!" Snapped Robert.

   Edna returned to the galley. Her heart sunk as she surveyed the total wreck
that the galley was in. The once neatly spotless space was now in shambles.
Eggshells were everywhere, uncooked eggs were dripping from the counters and
stove, coffee grounds were spread across the floor, orange peels and pulp were
scattered all over. Strips of raw bacon were stuck to the bulkheads and overhead
and it appeared that every pot and pan had been used. It was quite obvious that
Betty had put in extra effort in turning the galley into a total wreck. Edna
went to the scullery and filled the sink with hot soapy water.

   As the sink was filling Edna started to gather the pots off of the stove when
Robert stepped in to the galley. "PIGLET! This space looks worst then before.
What have you been doing all night? Goldbricking?" Robert asked in a mock
astonish tone.

   "No! No! Robert, My Lord and Master, I was working very har..."

   "Well I guess that you need some toning up. You're getting a bit flabby.
After Quack is finish exercising on the cycle and is put away, you will spend a
half hour on the cycle."

   Edna shuddered as she sweetly spoke to Robert. "Thank you, Robert, My Lord
and Master, for allowing me to tone up some of my flabbiness on the exercise
cycle."

   "Where is your safety helmet, Piglet? Oh! Here it is!" Robert picked up the
pot that the morning fries were cooked in and dumped the cooking oil over Edna's
head and drop the pot over her head once again.

   The cooking oil was still hot. It was not hot enough to burn but it was hot
enough to cause Edna pain and turn her skin deep scarlet. With oil dripping from
her Edna carried the pots in her arms to the sink and placed them in the hot
soapy water. Then she cleaned herself and her father again. This time, while he
was still unconscious she was able to thoroughly clean him. After cleaning her
father she got the sponge and bucket, from under the sink and started sopping up
the cooking oil off the deck. Edna had just finished cleaning the deck and was
about to start cleaning the stove when Al bellowed.

   "Fucktoy! I need to take a crap! Get me Commode!"

   Edna stopped scrubbing the stove and went to the Toybox. She took Marsha down
and escorted her to the mess hall where Al was laying on a couch watching a
football game. "Al My Lord and Master, here is Commode Tart so you can take a
crap."

   Al sat up and glance over at Marsha then snapped, "FUCKTOY! Come here!"

   "UGH!" Edna dropped to her knees as Al's fist sank into her gut.

   Al lifted the French fry pot off Edna's head and flung it into the galley.
"How am I suppose to use Commode with it all sealed up, you fucked up bitch!"
Screamed Al as he kicked Edna several times in the breasts. "And the receptor is
way to high!"

   Edna's was gasping for air as she struggled to her feet. She pulled the duct
tape off Marsha's mouth then laid her down on the deck between Al's legs. Edna
watched Al scoot forward and squat over Marsha's face. Al dumped a load of shit
into Marsha's gapping mouth. Marsha rapidly swallowed Al's shit as fast as it
came out. When the shit flow stopped Marsha wiped Al's ass crack clean with her
tongue. She even speared her tongue pass Al's splinter and, up into his rectum
and cleaned out the remaining shit residing there. Once Marsha finished cleaning
Al's bottom she scramble to her knees and took Al's flaccid cock in her mouth
and sucked down Al's piss.

   After Al was finish reliving himself of his bodily waste products he lay back
on the couch and resumed watching the football game. "Fucktoy, put Commode back
then bring me some beer and pretzels."

   After hanging Marsha back up in the Toybox reefer. Edna scrambled back to the
mess hall with Al's six, pack of beer and a bag of pretzels.

   "Refill Quack, then get back to work." Snapped Al, as he popped open a beer.

   Edna quickly glanced around the room for Gloria. Edna shuddered when she
spotted Gloria. She was in a corner hanging from a rope by her breasts. Gloria
strained and stretched but only the very tips of her two large toes were able to
touch the deck to offer just a minuscule amount of relief. Gloria was screaming
but whatever was use to fill her mouth had effectively muffled her screams to a
very dull roar that couldn't be overheard by the ruckus of the football game on
the TV.

   Edna rushed over to Gloria and untied the rope holding Gloria up. Not knowing
how to use the cleat to control the line Edna grasped the line in her hands to
try to lower Gloria slowly. But Gloria's weight made the line race through
Edna's hands, producing rope burns on each of her hands as Gloria thudded to the
deck. "EEEKKK!" Edna cried out as she tucked her rope burned hands under her
armpits.

   "Shut the fuck-up back there if you make me miss any of my game I'll give you
something to caterwaul about. " Roared Al.

   Silently Edna waited for Gloria to struggle to her feet and then followed her
to the Toybox reefer. Once Gloria was hung up and rigged at her station Edna
left to get the milk cart. Knelling in front of Gloria with the hypodermic
needles in her hand Edna weep, "I'm sorry Gloria but I have to place these in
your nip... AAARRRGGGG!"  Edna's and every one of the captives were treated to a
nerve-rattling jolt of electrical current.

   "I told you to shut the fuck up not to continue to jabber! Now you've
disrupted my game. Start refilling Quack and get your ass back here pronto.

   Edna jammed the hypodermic needles into Gloria's breasts, started the little
pumps that sent milk into Gloria's breasts and race back to Al.

   "KNEES!"

   Edna dropped to her knees between Al's legs. SMACK! SMACK! Al slapped Edna
hard across each of her cheeks.

   "Fucktoy what is Standing Order Number Seven?"

   "I am not to communicate with my parents, any other toy, or life form. If I
do you or your brot..." SMACK! SMACK!

   "And what were you doing in the Toybox?"

   "Communicating with Quack!" SMACK! SMACK!

   "You went ahead and violated the standing order even after I gave you a
warning. Didn't you!"

   "Yes Al My Lord and Master, I did. I'm very sorr..." SMACK! SMACK!

   "Well then what do you think should be done?"

   "Al My Lord and Master I should be punish,." SMACK! SMACK!

   "Very well! Pull your left titty out of your gown."

   Edna watched Al wrap a cable tie around the base of her left breast then
pulled the cable tie unbelievable tight. Then Al produce a spool of fishing line
and wrapped the fishing line tightly around Edna's left breast forcing it into a
cone shape.

   SMACK! SMACK! "RIGHT TITTY!"

   With shaky hands Edna pull her right breast out of the gown's breast cup and
over the top of the gown. Soon as with her left breast Edna's right breast was
jetting from her chest like a traffic cone.

   "Lay back Fucktoy!"

   Edna flopped back on top of her father, she was rewarded by having Al thrust
his hand between her legs and into her snatch. Al grabbed and yanked out the
microphone that was in her twat. The microphone was thrown on the end table next
to the couch. Al then yanked Edna legs apart and rammed his massive cock into
her pussy. Al grasped Edna's coned breasts tightly and used them as an anchor
point as he pounded her twat.

   When Al planted his male seed in Edna's fuck tunnel, he sat back on the couch
and dragged Edna to his one-eye wonder by her coned breasts. "CLEAN!"

   Edna licked and sucked on Al's fuck rod and balls until another load of
sticky gooey spunk was ejected, which Al sprayed over Edna's face. Al jerked up
on Edna's coned breasts until she was on her knees.

   Once on her knees Al released his grip on Edna's right breast. With his free
hand Al picked up a fishhook with fishing line attached to the hook off the
end-table and plunge it into Edna' left breast just behind the nipple's aureole.
Edna did her best to squelch her screams. She even chewed on her lips. But her
attempts were for not. As Edna screamed, Al grasped her right coned breast and
plunged a fishhook in to it.

   Al leaned back on the couch and begin masturbating as he chugged beers down
as he enjoyed Edna's screams. By time Edna's screams died down Al had fired two
more loads of jism, one for each of Edna's breasts. "My, my Fucktoy aren't we a
noisy one. Well we have a fix for that. Open that maw wide. Good! Now stick out
that tongue as far as possible."

   When Edna stuck her tongue out Al slid two dowels over her tongue that was
held together by a threaded rod on each end of the dowels. One dowel went on the
bottom and one on top of her tongue. Like Gloria's breasts clamp, Edna's tongue
was squished between the dowels as Al tightened the wing nuts. Then Al took the
fishing lines dangling from the fishhooks imbedded in Edna's breasts. Al looped
the lines around the threaded rods on the tongue clamp. Al pulled on the lines
pulling and bending Edna's breasts up and back until her nipples were touching
the tongue clamp.

   After securing the lines Al giggled, "That should keep a Fucktoy quite! Now
finish cleaning the galley. And be quick about it! You still have this space to
clean.

   Edna struggled to her feet. Already her coned breasts were roaring with pain
and her tongue and jaws ached. She was just about to enter the galley when Al
roared.

   "GET YOUR ASS BACK HERE!"

   Edna reversed course and hurried back to Al.

   "KNEES!"

   Edna dropped to her knees. The drop caused her breasts to jerk causing a
nerve ripping pain to wash through her breasts.

   Leaning forward on the couch Al activated his usage cylinder hanging around
Edna's neck. He branded on Edna abdomen for fucking her twat and on her upper
chest for the blowjob. After Al replaced his usage cylinder back on Edna's
necklace he shoved her backwards with his foot and barked, "Both spaces best
spotless by dinner."

   Edna got back to her feet and turn towards the galley. Just as she took her
first step towards the galley Al bellowed, "HALT!" Al got up off the couch and
walked around in front of Edna with two more of the little branding cylinders in
his hand one a bright pink and the other a dull brown. "Fucktoy! How many times
did your FAGGOT daddy, pop in your poop chute?"

   As Edna held up nine of her fingers a garble and distorted response worked
it's way around the tongue clamp, "Al My Lord and Master, my daddy Noodles the
FAGGOT, has popped in my poop chute nine times."

   "Lean forward."

   Edna bent forward at the waist and was treated to nine searing brands from
the brown cylinder that left the word "FAG" burned in the space between her
shoulder blades. "Stand!" As Edna straitened she watch Al attach the brown
cylinder to the necklace around her neck to join the other three cylinders.

   "How many times did you suck twat and how many times was your twat suck by
one of the toys?"

    "My Lord and Master, I have suck nasty twats six times and my nasty twat has
been suck four times by two of the toys." Garbled Edna.

   Al branded six up right "P's" and four upside down "P's" into Edna's forehead
with the pink cylinder. "Now that we are all caught up with your usage. GET YOUR
ASS BACK TO WORK!"

   Edna let out, a deep sigh of relieve when she entered the galley without Al
calling her back or stopping her. Though her breast were in terrible pain and
she wished that she could withdraw her tongue back into her mouth and close it
she begin cleaning. Edna spent hours cleaning each and every nook and cranny in
the galley. Then she moved back into the mess deck. The mess deck was covered
with more spunk and pussy cream then when she had first started cleaning it.
Edna moved to the table and reached down with her wrinkled dishpan hands. With
crack and torn nails Edna started to scrape the dry jism off the surface of the
table.

   "COME HERE!"

   Edna groaned to herself as she stopped scraping jism off the tabletop and
scurried over to Al. When she was standing in front of Al he shoved her
backwards. Before Edna had a chance to catch her breath from landing on her back
atop of her father, Al rammed his massive cock up her snatch. After reaming, and
depositing his load of spunk in her twat, Al sat back on the couch and hauled
Edna to her knees by her coned, hooked breasts.

   "Has General Order Seven penetrated, (Al repeatedly jabbed his index finger
into Edna's temple.) that pea brain of yours?"

   Edna nodded her head slightly and a distorted, "Yes, Al My Lord and Master."
worked its way pass the tongue clamp.

   Al cut the lines pinning Edna's nipples to the tongue clamp. After removing
the tongue clamp Al leaned back on the couch and waggled his cock back and
forth. "You may thank me now, Fucktoy!

   Edna dove for Al's sausage and gobbled it down. Even after sucking down Al's
cream Edna continued to service his fuck rod until Al pulled her up to the
kneeling position. Tucking Edna's coned breasts into the gown's breast cups Al
cooed softly to her.

   "Time to get back to work Fucktoy. And don't forget to clean the cream up
properly."

   Edna scurried back to the table. Though her tongue still ached, Edna flick
the flakes she had scrape loose into her mouth and swallowed them. Then she used
her front teeth to scrape more of the dried spunk in order to lap it up.

   "Fucktoy, be a doll for me and mark your usage. I forgot." Al cooed sweetly.

   Edna stopped her spunk cleaning. She reached up to her necklace and removed
Al's red branding cylinder. She used it to brand herself in the abdomen and her
upper chest. After replacing the cylinder on her necklace Edna resume using her
teeth and tongue to clean spunk.

    "I need to whiz."

   Edna stopped her cleaning and went to the Toybox. She took Marsha down,
escorted her to Al who used Marsha as a urinal. Then Edna escorted Marsha back
to the Toybox and rehung her. When Edna returned to the mess hall Al was not
there. But Edna wasted no time pondering where Al was or what he was doing, as
she continued to clean spunk. Edna was cleaning up the last of the jism by the
couch when Al walked into the mess hall.

   "Not bad Fucktoy. Not bad at all. Meal for one." Al remarked, and then left.

   Edna got up off her knees, went to the Toybox and took Betty down. "Galley
Slut prepare a meal for one." Edna commanded her cocaptive. When both girls were
in the galley Al' voice boomed from the speaker.

   "Fucktoy, put Bilge Rat and Piss Ant away. Give Piss Ant, four liters to
drink. And only Piss Ant."

   Edna filled two of the two liter bottles with dirty, soapy dishwater. Leaving
Betty cooking in the galley Edna made her way down to the engine room dragging
her screaming father behind her. In the engine room Edna lowered Steve and Beth
in the bilge. Then she removed the duct tape from Steve's mouth and held one of
the water bottles to Steve's lips. Steve drank both bottles though Edna could
see that he did so reluctantly.  When Steve finished drinking she replaced the
duct tape over Steve's mouth and sealed the Liptons into the bulge. Edna
struggled back up the ladders. Although Elizabeth wasn't there to prevent her
Edna ascended the ladders without crawling or using the handrails. Elizabeth had
made it very clear that to her that she wasn't allowed those luxuries. So
fearing of what would happen to her if caught Edna returned to the mess hall
using only her cramping leg muscles. 

   Al was sitting at the table eating steak and fries and Betty was on her knees
under the table servicing Al's cock. "MILK!"

    After retrieved Gloria from the Toybox, she watched Gloria rush over to Al,
and thrust her left breast out towards him. "My Lord and Master, I have some
very tasty milk for you. Would you like to warm it up before you drink some of
it." Sang Gloria.

   Edna watched Al hit Gloria's left breast five times with a leather strop,
then sucked on the inflamed breast. Al pointed at the strop that was on the
table where Frank normally sat. "Fucktoy! Keep the milk warm!"

   Edna scurried over to the table and picked up Frank's strop and started
beating Gloria's breasts with it as hard as she could as Al ate.

   "MILK!"

   Gloria thrust her right breast in front of Al who slashed it five times
before sucking on it. Gurgling "Put Galley back up!" as he continued to suck on
Gloria's breast.

   Betty scrambled out from under the table her face covered with jism. Edna
escorted her back to the Toybox. Edna hung Betty at her station and attached her
to the sewage system. From inside of the Toybox reefer Edna and the rest of the
captives could hear blood-curdling screams from Gloria. For the captives hanging
in the Toybox reefer Gloria's screams were silenced when Edna closed the reefer
door. For Edna the blood curdling screams continued.

   On returning to the mess deck she saw Al's dinner plate and the remaining
food scattered across the deck. Gloria had been hog-tied and she was strapped to
the tabletop on her stomach. A length of fishing line that was lodge between
Gloria's upper back teeth as it pass through her mouth and was tied to her big
toes forced Gloria's head to be force backwards so that she was staring
glassy-eyed at the bulkhead. The tabletop had been separated in the middle as if
a tabletop leaf was going to be inserted. However Gloria's bloated breast hung
down in the open space.

   Al's robust laughter was drowned out by Gloria's blood curdling screams as he
shoved the split tabletops together. When the tabletops slammed together they
smashed Gloria's breasts causing milk to squirt out of them. Then Al pulled the
tabletops apart and slammed back together again. This cycle was repeated over
and over again until Gloria passed out. Al locked the tabletops in place so they
continue to squish Gloria's breasts. Then Al retired to the couch.

   Flicking through the TV channels Al barked "BEER!" Edna rushed to the food
reefer and got Al a six pack of beer. After handing the beer to Al, he removed
one of the cans and held it up to Edna. Edna leaned forward and pop the beer can
top with her teeth. After taking a few sips of beer Al barked, "SUCK!" Edna
dropped to her knees between Al's legs. She started sucking and licking Al's
fuck rod and balls, as he watched TV and drank beer.

   Al sighed with pure enjoyment. The fun he had with, this young virgin, her
mother and the rest of the toys this past week had nearly spent him. He doubted
that he would fire off another load of jism tonight, but he always enjoyed
having his, cock and balls licked and sucked. He also loved Star Trek especially
the original 1960's series. The TV had one of his favorite episodes on "A Piece
of the Action" so Al was totally happy. Even Gloria's painful moaning made him
happy. When the show ended Al was in impish mood. "Fucktoy go get mommy, the
throttle and four liters of water.

   Edna scurried to the Toybox and got her mother and the throttle. On the way
back to the mess hall with her mother Edna filled two bottles with water. As
mother and daughter stepped into the mess hall Al bellowed.

   "HALT!" Then in a sweet kind voice he cooed "Well, well hello Titless. You
look lovely tonight. I'm glad one of you bitches knows how to keep her clothes
clean. Your daughter seems to not be able to keep hers clean."

   Edna glanced down at her ruined gown that was torn and stained with cooking
oil, grease and grime.

   "But kids will be kids. Take my little nymph she creams so much in her
panties that I'm thinking about slapping a dipper on her ass, but enough, small
talk. Bend over, hike your gown above your fanny and spread your cheeks."

   Susan complied with Al's command not caring any thing about the prattle that
Al spewed.

   "Fucktoy the honor is yours!"

   Susan gasped as her own daughter shoved the horrid throttle all the way up
her ass.

   "Fucktoy bring mommy here nice and slow. And make sure you keep mommy on her
toes." Chuckle Al.

   Edna yanked up on the throttle until her mother was standing on her toes like
a ballerina and slowly walked to Al.

   Al snickered, "What's the mater Fucktoy is mommy stuck in first gear let me
see." Giggling hard as he took the throttle from Edna. Al jammed the throttle up
lifting Susan off the deck. While Susan was in the air he shook her around like
a rattle with the throttle. Susan toppled and crashed to the deck when Al
released his grip on the throttle. As Susan laid on the deck gasping and
twitching in pain Al reached under her gown and grasped Susan's cuntal hair and
lifted her up off the deck by it. Susan's howls turned to screams as Al gripped
the throttle again and jacked it around like car's stick shift as he held her
off the deck by her cuntal hairs.

   "Hmmm! Maybe her clutch is stuck." Continuing to hold Susan up by her cuntal
hair and shifting the throttle around he used his right boot heal and slammed it
into Susan's left nippleless breast. Susan screeched, shuttered and nearly
passed out from the pain. "Nope clutch is nice and tight. Lets try the break
maybe it's sticking." Al shifted around a bit then plunged his left boot heel
into Susan's right breast. This time Susan did pass out.

   "Hmmm! I think we need to put mommy on the rack." Al dragged Susan by her
cuntal hair to and up on the table so that Susan's pussy was in front of
Gloria's face. Releasing Susan's cuntal hair Al speared two fishhooks with
weights into Susan's pussy lips. Then Al dug into Susan's pussy and dragged her
clit out. Al tied the line that Gloria hung by her breast from earlier, around
Susan's clit. After securing Susan to the table Al pulled the tabletops apart,
which slid Gloria back a little. Braking open two ampoules of smelling salt Al
held them under Susan's and Gloria's noses. Soon Al had two screaming girls on
the mess table. 

   "Fucktoy come here and face the couch." Crouching down behind Edna Al grabbed
James's shattered wrist and tied them together with the line that was tied to
his wife's clit. "Ok, Fucktoy time to hoist mommy up." Al grabbed and pulled on
the fishing lines that were sticking out of the top of the breast cups of Edna's
gown. The fishing lines were attached to the fishhooks imbedded Edna's coned
shape breasts that were inside the gown's breast cups.

   Several things happen as Al pulled on the fishing lines. First Edna's breasts
popped out of the top of the gown. Then Edna stepped forward to ease the ripping
pain in her breasts. As Edna stepped forward she dragged her father with her.
James screamed as his shattered arms were stretched taunt as his daughter
dragged him. When James's arms were taunt the line that was tied around his
wrist pulled and stretch Susan's clit. In attempt to ease the agonizing pain in
her clit Susan tried to thrust her rump up to ease some of the pain. When Al had
Edna's breasts, James's shattered arms and Susan's clit stretched taunt Al
secured Edna's breasts lines to one of the many eyebolts that was welded on the
bulkhead in front of her. 

   "Fucktoy, now we can check mommy out and find out why she seems to be stuck
in low gear.

   Quack! What do you see? What? You're not sure. You need a closer look. Just a
sec." Al slammed the tabletops together, which slid Gloria towards Susan's twat
and smashed Gloria's breast flat causing milk to squirt out of them. The
slamming of the tabletops also cause the entire table to shake which tugged and
pulled the chain of taunt body parts.

   Al slid the tabletops apart. "Well Quack what did you see?" Not sure, you
need another look. No problem." Al slammed the table together again and again
and again until Gloria passed out once again.

   "Oh! Is that all?" Al stated with astonishment then slammed his fist into
Susan's cunt. "By George, I think your right Quack! The only thing that's wrong
is that Titless needs some lubrication." Al pulled his hand out of Susan's cunt
and left the compartment. Ten minutes latter Al returned with five tubes, of
muscle rub and a pair of rubber gloves. After donning the gloves Al emptied one
of the tubes of muscle rub into his gloved hand. Once the tube was empty Al
jammed his hand into Susan's cunt and spread the muscle rub cream through out
Susan's cunt. Al repeated the same steps with the other four tubes of muscle
rub.

   "There that should do it!" Al giggled as he took off the gloves. "Let's lower
mommy and test her out." Al cut the fishing line holding Edna's breast taunt,
which caused a chain reaction. That started with Edna flying backwards to land
atop of her father and ended when Susan's rump dropped to the table. Within
seconds of Al releasing the straps that held her down to the table and the line
tied to her clit, Susan begin to buck and writhe on the table like a wild
bronco, as the chemical reaction of the muscle rub made Susan think her pussy
was on fire.

   "Will you look at that Fucktoy! Quack was right. All that mommy needed was a
little lubrication." Al yanked Susan to her feet by her head hair. Grabbing the
end of the throttle that was sticking out of Susan' rump, Al jerking back hard
on the throttle. Al force Susan to run around the mess hall several times as he
held her up on her toes by the throttle. "Now Titless you keep them hamhocks
pumping in high gear. If you slip into low we'll have to put you back on the
rack." Chuckled Al as he released his grip on the throttle.

   Susan ran and ran around the mess hall. The more she ran the more it felt
like her cunt was afire. Though her cunt was burning horribly but Susan kept
running like she had never run before.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 37




   Log Entry Number: 38

   a game of fizzbin?

  

   "Fucktoy if you're going to wear clothing do it properly. Put them boobies
where they belong." Snapped Al.

   Edna squeezed her throbbing coned breast back into the gown's breast cups. As
her mother, raced pass her she heard a loud clang on the deck. Looking towards
the sound Edna saw the throttle that had been up her mother's ass lying on the
deck.

   "HALT!" Al bellowed.

   Susan stopped running and stood panting heavily.

   "Fucktoy, give Titless both bottles to drink."

   Edna held one of the bottles of dirty soapy dishwater to her mother's lips,
as Al left the compartment again. Susan guzzled down the water that her daughter
offered. She was just finishing the first bottle when Al returned. When Susan
finished the second bottle Al's giddy voice rang out.

   "Fucktoy, mommy dropped something put it back.

   Edna picked the throttle up off the deck spoke to her mother firmly. "Titless
Wonder, bend over, lift your gown and spread your ass cheeks." Edna slid the
balled end of the throttle against the star shaped splinter of her mother's
rectum. She was about to push the throttle into her mother's ass when Al Chirped

   "Fucktoy stop! It seem that mommy is a bit careless. It seems to me that she
needs a little help. Here put this on what mommy dropped." Al handed Edna a tube
of super glue. "Make sure you coat the ball and shaft with a generous amount."
Al watched Edna carry out his instructions. "That's it Fucktoy, now in one swift
move replace the throttle in mommy's poop chute."

   Edna lined the super glue dripping throttle up with her mother's anus then in
one swift movement she shoved the throttle all the way in her mother ass. 

   Al leaned on Susan's back and drummed his fingers along her back for a few
minutes "Ok Fucktoy, take the throttle out." Giggled Al.

   Edna pulled on the throttle it didn't budge.

   "Go ho Fucktoy pull really hard."

   Susan winced every time her daughter pulled on the throttle. Edna couldn't
see any movement in the throttle as she pulled on it as she tried to dislodge
the throttle. But to Susan it felt like her guts were being pulled out every
time her daughter yanked on the throttle. WHACK! Susan dropped to her knees from
the impact of Al's hand across her rump.

   "Will Fucktoy I guess mommy wants to really keep the throttle this time. Now
let's see where were we? O-Ya! I remember!" Al reached down grabbed the throttle
and jerked Susan up on her toes. "We were testing mommies hi gear! Start pumping
bitch!"

   Susan took off running as Al let go of the throttle. Susan's pussy lips were
stretched and twisted as her thighs caused the weight hanging from her pussy
lips to bounce around as she ran. Before as she ran Susan could feel the
throttle move slowly downward then pop out, but now the throttle stayed lodge
deep up her rump and pulled on her rectal lining as she ran; and God, how her
pussy burned.

   "Bitch your daughter can't see the improvements in your suspension. Hoist
that skirt up."

   As she continued to run Susan gathered the flowing skirt of her gown up over
her hips. Now everyone in the compartment could see the end of the throttle
sticking out of her ass and the weights hanging from her pussy lips, bounce
around.

   From the couch Al smiled evilly as he looked at Edna. She had such a
delightful, mournful expression plastered on her face as she watch her mother
run around the mess deck. Al glance down at the empty bottles in her hands and
his grin, widen. "Fucktoy! Get your buns over here and kneel."

   Edna scurried over to Al and knelt between his legs.

   "Fucktoy, you've got a new protocol to follow." Al place slipknots in the
fishing lines attached to the fishhooks in Edna's breasts. Giggling as he spoke,
"Fucktoy, from now on you are no longer allowed to carry food stuff or drinks
with your hands. You are to attach them, (Tugging on the fishing lines.) to
these and carry the foodstuff and drinks that way only. Taking the bottles from
her hands Al placed the slipknot over the top of the bottles and tightened the
nooses.

   Edna now had two empty bottles hanging from her breasts. Other than bouncing
against each other as Al thumped them with his index finger, Edna hardly notice
them at all.

   "Regardless of what other food stuff or drink you are carrying you are to
keep these two bottles on you at all times for emergencies. Now go fill them
then get your ass back here pronto."

   Now the full bottles were tugging painfully at her breasts as they swayed.
She scurried back to Al. After dropping to her knees in front of Al he hooked
the three beers that he didn't drink by the plastic holder over the neck of the
bottle hanging from Edna's left breast.

   "These are hot, get me six cold ones."

   Edna scurried off to the food reefer. As she was getting Al his beer Gloria's
blood curling screams rang out.

   Al stopped his smashing of Gloria's breasts to take one of the cans of beer
that were hanging from Edna's left breast. Holding the beer in front of Edna's
face for her to open it with her teeth. "Titless come here!"

   Susan stood next to her daughter, in front of Al panting heavily, as Al
sipped the beer in his hand.

   Al jammed the open beer can into Edna's mouth. Then slammed the tabletops
together smashing Gloria's breast. As Gloria screamed Al retrieved his beer can
from Edna's mouth and gulped it down. After Gloria's screams die down Al asked, 
"Fucktoy, do you know why Quack is having her boobies milked and why she was
being dried out earlier?

   Edna nervously glanced at Gloria bound atop the table with her bruise and
battered breasts hanging down between the tabletops and the image of Gloria
hanging from her breasts earlier. "No, Al My Lord and Master, I don't why Quack
Bitch has be so honor."

   "Well you see Quack decided on her own that she would rather help Sweet Pea
with her fuel oil moving project rather then provided nutritious milk for myself
and my brothers meals. So Quack decided to atone for her indiscretions with
these two activities. Quack has also agreed to another activity with her boobies
for missing another meal as she hung around watching the hot cunt lapping show
you and mommy put on.

   Edna shuddered as the image of Gloria hanging bound to the "T" with her
breast squished between two boards.

   "But that's for latter. Now we need to finish milking." Al tossed the empty
beer can at Susan then grabbed the tabletop and shoved. Just before the
tabletops smashed into Gloria's breasts Al stopped and with mock exhaustion
spoke, "Whew! This is sure hard work I would rather be having a little fun
instead. Fucktoy! What do you say to playing a few rounds of Fizzbin?"

   Edna had no idea what Fizzbin was or how it was played. But Edna was sure
that she was not going to like it. However she responded to Al enthusiastically
"Yes Al My Lord and Master, I would love to play Fizzbin."

   "Great! Lets see Quack still needs ten more pressings. What do you say we
play ten hands of Fizzbin? For every hand you win we'll deduct a pressing from
Quacks tally. Hmmm, lets see now what do we do if you do if you by chance happen
to loose a hand? What's that Titless? My, that sounds like a swell idea, we'll
do it. Hear that Fucktoy, mommy wants you to hang another sixteen ounce weight
from her nasty twat lips for every hand you lose." Taking another beer hanging
from Edna's breast and having her open it with her teeth. "Well lets get started
then, shall we."

   Al dealt out ten cards face up. Edna wound up with four queens with an Ace
kicker; Al got 2,5,6,8 and a king.

   Edna was pleased thinking that she had save Gloria one of the rounds of her
breasts being crushed, with such a strong hand.

   "Well, well, will you look at that; you have four bitches and I have a king.
KING rules! I win!" Al held a canvas bag out to Edna as he burst in to laughter.

    Edna's sprites plummeted as she reached in to the bag and took out a weight
and hung it from her mother's left pussy lip. Al dealt the cards again without
shuffling. Edna got two pairs 10's over 3's, while Al's cards showed 2,4,7,9 and
a jack.

   "Golly gee whiz! Will you look at that? I have a one-eye jack that makes my
hand a royal Fizzbin. I win!" Giggled Al as he held the canvas bag towards Edna.
Edna groaned to herself as she added a weight to her mother's right pussy lip.

   The rest of the deals played out in similar fashion. Edna would receive a
very strong poker hand while Al's would have been totally worthless in a real
poker game. But with Al's Fizzbin rules, Al always wound up winning.

   When Edna finished hanging the tenth weight from her mother's right pussy
lip. Al barked. "TITLESS! PUT IT INTO HI!"

   With tears streaming down her face, Susan took off running with twelve pounds
of lead stretching and twisting her pussy lips.

   Chuckling as he pulled another can of beer off of Edna's breast and having
her open it with her teeth. Then he lay down on the couch with his beer and the
bag of pretzels. "My, my Fucktoy! We did have a run of bad luck. Oh well better
luck next time. But right now I think Quack is waiting for you to finish her
milking. You are to wait until she stops her sweet bird song between each
pressing.

   "AAARRRGGG! EEEKKKKEEEKKK!" Gloria screamed as her breasts were smashed
between the tabletops. The pain ripping through her breasts was madding.
Starting on the day that the Andersons boarded the Random Access her breasts had
been continuously tortured. Starting with her breasts being bloated with frigid
goat milk that was force pumped in to them. To having a five-gallon jug hung
from her breasts and pussy lips then filled with fuel oil. She had spent over
eight hours moving jug after jug in that manor.

   "AAARRRGGG! EEEKKKKEEEKKK!" Her reward for that horrid task was to be hung on
the "T" and have her large full breasts that were still bloated with milk
squeezed nearly wafer thin. She was kept in that position for nearly a full day
because she missed serving Al and his brothers the milk in her breasts for two
meals. Then Al once again punishment for the two missed meals as he very nearly
hung her completely from her breasts and now having her breasts smashed between
the tabletops.

   "AAARRRGGG! EEEKKKKEEEKKK!" There were other parts of her body that were
horribly tortured. Like having her pussy grappled with fishhooks and spread out
like a butterfly. And the Sink The Eight Ball contest, the severe whippings of
her breasts and cunt, the time that she spent on the exercise cycle.

   "AAARRRGGG! EEEKKKKEEEKKK!" Even during what pass for rest time in the Toybox
her breasts were tortured. As goat milk was pumped back in her breasts as she
hung upside down in the bone chilling Toybox reefer. Normally the milk
dispensing duty was split up between all of the female captives. The number of
them was constantly changing. But each day the captive who had to supply milk
would change. However after Edna had suckled on her breast Al bound her breasts
very tightly to check them. When a few drops of milk dripped out of her breasts
Al had sentence her to a solid week of being the only milk dispenser for
hoarding food.

   "AAARRRGGG! EEEKKKKEEEKKK!" As her breasts were smashed again Gloria was
grateful that it was Edna that was now slamming the tabletops together. Though
agonizing pain still ripped through her breasts, Edna was smaller and weaker
then Al. Even tough Edna was trying her best, she could only generate a third of
the force that Al could. Edna's near exhausted state also contributed to amount
of force that she could deliver. Gloria was truly grateful.

   "AAARRRGGG! EEEKKKKEEEKKK!" Gloria was also grateful that Al allowed her to
scream. It was a small allowance. It really didn't relive any of the pain that
she was suffering. However mentally it helped to scream out loud freely. Gloria
knew that Al wasn't being kind to her by allowing her to scream. Al simply loves
to here the torturous agonizing screams of his victims. Unlike Robert, who
wanted complete silence when he tortured. It was Robert who had jammed a hand
full of Edna's soiled panties into her mouth when he had hung her by her breasts
earlier. Screaming into a gagged mouth just was not as satisfying as screaming
out loud.

   "AAARRRGGG! EEEKKKKEEEKKK!"

   "BEER!!" Edna scurried over to Al who removed one of the beers from her left
breast and held it up for her open it with her teeth. Al took one sip then
grunted, "Ugh! This shit is hot! (Shoving the beer can deeply up Edna's twat
until it disappeared into her fuck tunnel.) Get me some cold ones.

   As Edna scurried off to the food reefer she felt beer slush out of the can in
her pussy. The beer worked its way around the can to drip out of her cunt to the
deck. Which, her father wiped up as she dragged him behind her. Edna left the
can of beer up her twat, as she exchanged the remaining warm beers hanging from
her left breast with a cold six-pack.

   Edna's leg muscles were twitching violently from near exhaustion. She didn't
know how much longer she could remain on her feet with her father hanging from
her rump. But she knew she didn't want Al's retribution so she stood there in
front of Al on trebling legs as she popped open a can of beer with her teeth.

   Al took a sip of beer then giggled, "Quack is waiting!"

   "AAARRRGGG! EEEKKKKEEEKKK!"

   "Titless! If your having trouble staying in HI, we can hoist you back op on
the rack and relube you!"

   Though she was exhausted and her pussy lips felt that were being ripped off
by the weights as they bounced around, Susan increased her running pace.

   "AAARRRGGG! EEEKKKKEEEKKK!" Gloria shuddered as she felt Al's hand between
her legs, and stroked her pussy.

   SMACK! THUD!

   Edna crumpled to the deck from Al's blow to her gut. As she lay on the deck
with beer gurgling out of her pussy Al kicked her out of his way. So he could
grab the tabletop. With all force of his rested male might, Al slammed the
tabletops together.

   It took Gloria a few moments to realize that it wasn't her body being hit
that she had herd. She let out a deep sigh of relief. Then suddenly,
"AAARRRGGG!!!! EEEKKKKEEEKKK!!!!" Every thing flashed red and starbursts
exploded in her eyes as Al smashed her breasts for the final "milking" Gloria's
vision tunneled down then blackness as the Sandman scooted Gloria to the Land of
Nod.

   Collapsing to the deck with side ripping laughter Al worked his hand under
Edna gown and punched into her snatch. "Whoa! What's this Fucktoy?"

   "Al My Lord and Master it's a can of hot beer that I'm holding for you,."
Gasped Edna.

   Laughing even harder Al pulled his hand out of Edna's twat and pounded his
fist on her pussy mound until he felt the aluminum can that was in side Edna's
twat crush. "Fucktoy! Release Quack!" Chuckled Al as he got to his feet.

   Edna thighs and calves twitched and burned as she struggled to her feet, and
begin releasing the unconscious form of Gloria from her bondage atop of the mess
hall table.

   "Titless! Do you have to pittle?"

   The four liters of water that she had drunk earlier was giving her cramps and
was threatening to burst her bladder. "Yes My Lord and Master, I need to pittle
badly." Panted Susan as she ran past Al.

   "Well there is a waste receptacle just behind your daughter. Open it up and
use it." Al watched Susan start to squat over her husband face. "TITLESS!! Face
this way and let me see that snatch."

   Susan groaned as she turned around, spread her legs wide and pulled her gown
skirt up high.

   "That's better, Titless! FAGGOT if I see a single drop of golden juice on my
deck, your wife will stomp on your arms ten times every hour on the hour for
three strait days. TITLESS! Proceed!"

    Susan reached down between her legs. Yank the duct tape off of her husband's
mouth. As she bore down Susan's urethral prominence pooched out from between her
stretched pussy lips as piss streamed out into her husband's mouth. Who, gulped
down the piss. Susan turned beet red as she saw Al's eyes fixed on her twat as
piss gush out of it.

   "STOP!"

   Susan instantly cut off her piss flow.

   "Titless get your lard ass over here and present that nasty twat to me."

   Susan raced over to Al and thrust her groin towards him. Al jammed his fist
up Susan's cunt and pinched down on her piss duct. He zipped his nails down the
entire length of the greasy spongy tube before popping his hand back of her
cunt.

   "Piddle!"

   Susan raced back over and squatted over her husband's face. She winced and
cringed as her urine rushed through her just zipped urethra. She wanted to stop
pissing but she didn't dare to. She was grateful as the last droplets fell into
her husband's mouth.

   Al roared "Put it into HI, Titless!" Susan stood up and took off running once
again.

   When her mother took off running Edna turned around and face Al. "Al My Lord
and Master, I have finish untying Quack Bitch."

   "Is she awake or snoozing?" Snapped Al as he stood up.

   "Al My Lord and Master. Quack Bitch is still snoozing."

   "Wait right there and keep your peppers on mommy, until I get back. And let's
see that snatch of yours." Snapped Al as he exited the compartment.

   Edna pulled the front of her gown up exposing her pussy as she looked at her
mother. It was a totally ludicrous scene, a fully grown, women running around
the mess deck like a track star in an expensive evening gown. If that wasn't
laughable enough in it's self the fact that this fully grown women was holding
the skirt of the expensive gown up in front so all had a excellent view of her
snatch. And the twelve pounds of weights that pulled, twisted, and stretched the
associated lips as they bounced around as she ran.

   Edna blushed in pure shame, if this fully grown, women who was her own mother
look ludicrous. She could just image how much more ludicrous her appearance was.
Standing in an equality elegant and expensive evening gown that was torn,
stained and full of grease and grim. She also was holding the front of her gown
up so all could see her bald snatch that had a beer can peeking out of it. Her
gown was also hiked up in the rear do to her father who was strapped to her
rump. In front of the gown just below the bosom a couple of two liter bottles
and five cans of beer hung threatening to pull her tightly wrapped breasts out
of the gown's breast cups. The brands on her chest and forehead were visible for
all to see.

   Edna smelt the strong ammonia aroma of smelling salt. Then she heard Gloria
coughing and moaning that turned to screams, as the smelling salt took effect.

   "Well, well welcome back Quack! Up on your feet or we'll milk your boobies
thirty more times." Chuckle Al.

   Gloria scooted off the table and stood on wobbly legs. She almost fell to the
deck but caught herself on the edge of the table.

   "Quack! If you're having trouble keeping your boobies off the deck, we can
hang you by your boobies until you can. So what will it be, Quack? Hang by your
boobies or haul that lazy ass to the Toybox and assume the position?" Chuckled
Al.

   Gloria staggered to the Toybox reefer. Once in side she took a rubber whip
that was hanging on the wall of the reefer and stuffed it up her twat. Then she
stood next to the entrance to the reefer on wide spread legs, her hands clasped
behind her head and her tattered and bruised purple breasts thrust out.

   Al showed up sitting in a chair with Susan carrying the front of the chair
and Edna carrying the back as she dragged her father. Though both girls were
near exhaustion they didn't dare drop Al.

   "This will do bitches! Nice and easy!" Al commanded. Al and his chair, was
gently place on the deck in front of the Toybox reefer. "Titless! Just like last
night ten good ones across Quack's boobies." Snapped Al as he jerked a beer from
Edna's left breast and held it up for her open.

   Susan stepped into the reefer pulled the rubber whip from Gloria's twat and
slashed each of Gloria's well-abused breasts five times. Gloria howled and
trembled with each and every agonizing stroke. Then Susan jammed the rubber whip
back up Gloria's twat.

    After the whipping in which Gloria almost collapse to the deck Al barked,
"Put mommy up, Fucktoy."

   Edna strung her mother up in the prescribe method. Edna separating the twelve
weights that still hung from her mother's pussy lips, so she could spread her
mother's pussy open. After Edna inserted a catheter up her mother's urethra.
Edna grabbed the base of the throttle sticking out of her mother's ass and
pulled hard. When it didn't budge she look sorrowfully at Al sitting in the
chair watching the proceedings.

   "What's the matter Fucktoy? Mommy won't give you the throttle. Well try
moving it like a stick shift. Then retry pulling it out." Giggled Al.

   Edna did as Al instructed. She jerked the throttle around in the standard "H"
pattern and yanked up on the throttle to try to dislodge it. When the throttle
remained stuck up her mother's ass Edna looked mournfully at Al.

   "What's the matter Fucktoy, mommy still doesn't want to give up her throttle?
Well let's see hmmm. I know we'll play The Sword in the Stone. Each of you
bitches will shift the throttle and try to pull it out before and after you give
Quack her strokes. The toy who convinces Titless to give up her throttle will be
allow to sleep and rest for one day in a nice soft bunk. Fucktoy, hook mommies
piss tube directly to the sewage system. Good! Now take down Barbie Doll!"

   One by one Edna released then rehung the rest of the captives in the Toybox.
Who had two attempts to dislodge the throttle in Susan's ass, and give Gloria
ten lashes across each of her breasts. Twice Gloria was driven to her knees from
the impacts of the rubber whip across her breasts. Each time Gloria collapsed to
her knees Al had the toy dishing out the lashing to complete the ten lashings
then waited for Gloria to get back to her feet. Then had the toy that drove
Gloria to her knees, delivered another ten lashes.

   After Edna replaced the last toy in the Toybox who had whipped Gloria's
breast and tried to dislodge Susan's throttle, Al let Gloria try her luck with
Susan's throttle, then she staggered through the reefer "apologizing" to the
suspended toys. Then Gloria got one more chance to pull out Susan's throttle.

   "O-Well it seems that we don't have a winner in the Sword in the Stone
contest. We'll just have to try again latter. But for the here and now, Quack
cycle!"

   Gloria doggedly climbed up on the exercise cycle. Edna fitted and attached
the required straps, restraints and alligator clips on Gloria's body. Once
Gloria was up to speed Edna set the timer and activated the blower and
electrical circuit, turned off the light and stepped out of the reefer.

   Just before Edna close the door Al giggled, Remember Quack the other toys are
trying to sleep so no more of your prattling." Then Edna closed the Toybox
reefer's door. "Fucktoy, I'll be back at the end of Quack's exercise secession.
The galley and mess deck best be clean by then." Snapped Al as he left the
galley.

   Edna let out a deep sigh. She was dogged tired having been awake for nearly
two days now. And up on her feet for most of those hours with her father hanging
from her rump. Her thigh and calf muscles were twitching and burning from over
exertion. However she trudged over to the scullery and filled the sink with hot
water. She glanced quickly around the galley and was relieve. Betty had not
messed up the galley to badly and the worst part of the mess deck was the food
on the deck from Al's meal. So Edna was sure that she could have the two
compartments clean within the two-hour window that Al had given her.

   Gloria practically milted off the cycle when Edna released her bindings. When
Edna hoisted her up upside down and stretched her tautly. Gloria was actually
grateful. For it meant that her torturous day was nearly at an end. Only filling
up, of her well-battered breasts remain.

   From her inverted view of the world Gloria watch Edna enter the reefer with
the cart. However the two jugs of milk that was normally on the cart were not
there. Instead the one-gallon jugs that were filled with goat's milk were
hanging from Edna's breasts. The combined weight of the milk jugs and the soda
bottles had pulled Edna's coned breasts out of the confines of the gown's breast
cups.  It looked totally silly from Gloria's perspective. The jugs and bottles
appeared to be heading upward as they swayed. While Edna's breasts seem to be
chasing the containers in their upward travel. Silly looking, yes! But Gloria
wasn't amused in fact she had just sucked in a lung full of air, as she used her
remaining strength to choke back her screams as Edna plunged hypodermic needles
into her nipples.

   Edna wept as she shoved the needles into the pair of welted purple mammary
glands in front of her. She could not believe that anyone could survive the
brutal treatment she had witness Gloria's breasts go through. For that mater how
she or any of the captives could survive at the hands of the Anderson brothers.
But they were experts at torturing someone to the brink of death then bringing
the victim back. But if by chance the brothers went too far. Well there were
always other victims that they could procure. She and her parents were
testimonials to that.

   As she unhooked the jugs of milk from her breasts and sit them on the cart
Edna wondered why she has develop such an ardent soft spot in her heart for
Gloria. After all she had witness the horrid, brutal torture of the other
captives. Hell! Marsha was still walk oddly from having a pool ball slammed into
her pussy and ass for hours on end. So why did she feel more sympathy for Gloria
then the others? Was it because of the motherly comfort that Gloria showed her
when she was in hysterics on the stern of the Random Access, when Frank and
Robert had ripped out the fishhooks from her mother's nipples. Or was it because
she felt responsible for the tortures inflected upon Gloria's breasts because
she didn't suck all of the milk out of Gloria's breasts when she suckled on
them. Even after two attempts. Edna didn't know what the reason was but she did
know she held deep affections for Gloria as she started the pumps.

   Edna jumped at the thunderous boom that rang through the reefer when Al
clapped his hands together. "Will I think that's a wrap for today." Al
mirthfully giggled as he stepped into the reefer as he rubbed his hands
together. "Can any of you bitches think of anything left undone that needs to be
done before the closing of business today?" Twisting Gloria's breast around Al
examine the set up that Edna had just finished.

   Edna darted her eyes around the reefer, then in a meek quivering voice she
spoke. "Al My Lord and Master."

   "Yes Fucktoy." Al said grinning.

   "Al My Lord and Master, I need to work off some flabbiness. May I please use
the exercise cycle for thirty minuets? Pretty please, Al, My Lord and Master.

   "No problem Fucktoy. Go snuggle you twat on mommies maw, so the bitch will be
able to grab that can that's up your twat." Al walked up behind Edna and wrapped
his hand around her hair.  "Titless! Do you have a firm grip on that can?"

   Susan responded with a very muffled and distorted, "Yes, Al My Lord and
Master."

   "Good!" The sharp edges of the crushed beer can made thin cuts along Edna's
cuntal lining as the can popped out of Edna's cunt when Al yanked her backwards.
Al walked over to the cycle and removed the dildo that normally went up the ass.
Fucktoy! Stop lounging around and get your flabby heinie on the cycle.

   Edna straddled the cycle, however her rump was cocked to one side due to her
father strapped to it. That problem was solved when James screamed. Al had
picked James up by his shattered arms. He jerked and twisted James around until
Edna was sitting on the cycle seat properly, then Al dropped James behind the
cycle.

   After Al secured Edna to the cycle and attaching the alligator clips to her
breasts and clit he barked, "PEDAL!"

   Edna gasped as she pushed down with her foot. First her clit started being
stretched then her left breast along with the two-liter bottle hanging from it.
Then the huge dildo started sliding up her pussy. As she continued to pedal the
tension on Edna's left breast slacken as her right breast was stretched and the
dildo started to slide down her pussy. A leather strap slapped her back when the
dildo bottomed out.

   Suddenly farting noises erupted from her pussy as Al turned on the blower
that sent hot air through the huge dildo and into her twat. When Edna had pedal
hard enough to get the cycle up to fifteen miles per hour Al turned on the
electrical current to the clips on Edna's nipples and clit. Now if Edna slowed
down below fifteen MPH she would be shocked with electricity.

   Al set the cycle timer then went to the rear of the reefer. Where he lowered
Marsha until her head and shoulders rested on the deck of the reefer. Once he
had Marsha lowered he squatted over her face. After depositing both solid and
liquid bodily waste into Marsha's mouth Al lifted Marsha back off the deck and
stretched her taunt. Then Al shoved the rubber dildo he removed from the cycle
into Edna's mouth. "Fucktoy, you best keep that dong in that mealy maw of
yours!" Giggled Al as he left the reefer plunging the girls and James into total
darkness.

   Edna was in pure agony as she pedal and pedal and pedal in the darkness. She
wondered if any of the other captives had ever had a couple of two liter bottles
filled with water bouncing around at the end of fishhooks that were imbedded in
their breasts as they rode the exercise cycle. When the little bell on the timer
rang Edna let out a deep sigh and stopped pedaling. A decision she instantly
regretted as electricity slammed into her and her father through her nipples and
clit. Edna was now grateful for the dildo that Al has stuffed into her mouth. It
had saved her teeth from shattering as the muscles in her jaw along with the
rest of the muscles in her body to go spastic. Using every ounce of control and
strength that she could muster Edna pushed down on the pedal.

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 38




   Log Entry Number: 39

   reveille

  

   Edna didn't know how much longer she pedaled in the darkness. To her it
seemed like days, before a stream of light from the open reefer door bathed her
body. Through tear-swollen eyes Edna watched Al step up to her and flick off the
switch killing the electrical power to the cycle.

   "My, my Fucktoy are you still at it? I tell you I just don't understand why
you toys love this cycle so much. Well I'm going to my nice warm and comfy bunk
for some shuteye. You may continue to exercise as long as your heart desires.
But don't forget you have a full day of cleaning and other chores schedule for
tomorrow." Giggled Al as he exited the reefer closing the reefer door behind
him.

   Edna stared into the darkness at the reefer door. Cautiously she slowed her
pedaling speed down. When the searing pain of electricity failed to slam into
her body Edna stop pedaling completely. Though her body was wrack with immense
pain, within moments Edna was fast a sleep.

   Edna and her fellow captives screamed and she automatically started pedaling
when electricity stream into her young body from the collar around her neck. The
jolted that spurred her legs into motion was accompanied by the sound of
reveille blaring from a speaker and four floodlights wash the reefer with bright
light.

   "Zero-six hundred! Time for you bitches to open them peepers!" Robert's
recorded voice jovial roared. Then the lights went out

   Edna once again slowed her peddling. When her slowing failed to send
electricity into her body, she stopped pedaling completely. The only noise in
the reefer was the farting sound her pussy made as hot air was blown into it
escaped. As she sat in the dark upon the exercise cycle Edna released that she
had a cruel decision to make. Due to the way the cycle was design Edna had a
choice of having her left breast and clit severely stretched. Or having her
right breasts severely stretched and having the huge dildo stabbing so deep in
her cunt that the head of the dildo jabbed her cervix. Edna chose her right
breast and dildo.

   Edna was about to doze off when she and everyone else screamed, as lights
flashed on and the collars buzzed them. "Zero-seven hundred! Are those peepers
still open?" Roared, Robert's jovial voice. Every hour on the hour the captives
were shocked and treated to Robert's sarcastic question on the status of their
eyes.

   Edna was happy when she saw Al walked into the reefer just after the eleven
O-clock, announcement. Her eyes happily followed him as he went to the rear of
the reefer and used Marsha as a toilet. She happily watched Al release Betty who
race out of the reefer to cook. But her joyful mood plummeted when Al grinned
evilly at her and chuckled as he squeezed Gloria's breasts.

   "Fucktoy! If you are going to hog the exercise cycle start them hamhocks
pumping.

   Edna groaned pathetically as she brought the cycle up to speed. Al flicked
the toggle switch to the on position then exited the reefer. A short while
latter Betty returned and released Gloria and led her out. When Betty returned a
second time with Gloria, she hung and restarted filling Gloria's breast's back
up. Then to Edna's relief Betty released her from the cycle.

   "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, I need you to put me up now." Betty
informed the just released Edna. After Edna hung Betty and hooked her up to the
sewage system, Betty in a clear loud voice. "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet
Fucktoy, My Lord and Master, Al, wants that snatch of yours in his stateroom so
he can fuck it. His stateroom is on 02 deck at the head of the ladder."

   Leaving behind the other captives in the cold dark reefer Edna scurried to
Al's stateroom. Once there he set her to work cleaning his stateroom. While she
cleaned Al made use of her mouth and cunt and marking his usage in the
appropriate spots upon her tortured body. After cleaning Al's stateroom he has
her release Betty so she could fix Al's evening meal. Then as Al ate she rehung
Betty and release Gloria to provide him with milk. After the meal Gloria was
returned to the reefer to have her breast refilled. And Edna cleaned both the
galley and mess deck, before Al hung her up in the toy box.

   So it went for nearly a week and a half. Edna and the rest of the captives
would be woken up precisely at six each morning and kept awake every hour on the
hour, by a jolt of electricity from their collars and Robert jovial recorded
voice. With no fix time Al would show up and release Edna.

   It was up to Edna to release the other captives for their job assignments and
to return them when done. Normally it was one of the four that was used daily.
Betty for preparing meals, Gloria as milk dispenser, Marsha as receptacle of
Al's piss and shit, and Beth and Co. to keep the bliges dry and the engine room
clean. Edna herself cleaned a different compartment each day ranging from the
bridge to the auxiliary engine room, in addition to keeping the galley and mess
deck clean.

   Edna was also the primary receptacle for Al's gooey spunk whenever the mood
struck him, regardless of what Edna was doing at that monument. Edna didn't know
how much of Al's jism she had swallowed or flooded her snatch during those ten
days. But if the haggard teen wanted to find out all she would have to do is
trace her finger over the little "A's" in the appropriate spots on her body,
that Al left behind after each load of male seed he deposited to get a count.
Edna was grateful that Al had stopped feeding her shit and piss that privilege
was reserve for Marsha. Al only had her swallow his jism.

   The only extremely painful act bestowed upon her during those ten days was
when Al had Gloria insert rings in her and her mother's breasts, pussy lips and
clit. Edna had thought that once she had breast rings installed Al would
transfer the water filled bottles from the fishhooks to the rings and remove the
fishhooks from her breasts. But Al didn't. He continued to have her carry the
bottles around by the fishhooks.

   Edna even feed the captives twice in those ten blissful days. Yes, Edna and
the other captives counted those days as blissful. With the exception of Gloria,
whose breasts were slashed whenever she provided milk, the captives were not
beaten or tortured. Even Gloria's breasts were whipped with lackluster. Al only
beat them because it was part of her milk-dispensing task. Even Gloria's breasts
lashing before being put up for the night were discontinued. And other then the
wake up jolts which were stopped when Al first showed up each day were the only
times the collars were charge.

   None of the sex toys could ever remember going so long with out their flesh
being beaten. Even Helen who had been in the clutches of the Anderson brothers
from the beginning could not recall going so long without having her flesh
scorched. Other then the wake up calls, several of the girls went completely
unmolested for the entire ten days. They just hung in the Toybox in the standard
set up.

   Overall the ten days was a mini vacation for the sex slaves. But on the
eleventh day the tortures returned.

   Edna first realized that the all too brief vacation was over when she came up
from the engine room where she had started Beth on her daily bilge pumping and
engine room cleaning. Even before Edna got to the mess deck, she heard Gloria's
blood curdling screams. Edna was aghast as what she saw as she entered the mess
deck.

   Gloria was in the center of the mess deck with a thick rod shoved up her
cunt. The rod was of sufficient length as to deny Gloria's feet any contact with
the deck. Gloria's hands were tied palm to palm behind her back. Her hands were
hoisted up towards the overhead so high that they force Gloria to bend forward
at the waist. Her ballooned breasts hung inside a large glass case. Her breast
rings were slipped over two hooks on the bottom of the case at opposite ends
that resulted in stretching Gloria's breasts taunt. The lid of the glass fitted
very snugly around the base of Gloria's balloon breasts. Tough very
uncomfortably and somewhat painful it wasn't the way Gloria was set up that was
making Gloria scream and terrified Edna. What provoked such strong responses
from the two girls were the wasps that were in the glass case with Gloria's
breasts. They were swarming around and laying siege to what they perceive to be
a threat to there hive that was sitting on the bottom of the glass case between
Gloria's stretched breasts. Gloria's breasts were already a mass of welts from
the stinging insects.

    "Well good morning Fucktoy, lay in front of Quack so I can enjoy watching
our little insect friends play with Quack's boobies.

   The last thing that Edna wanted was anything inserted into her dried and
chaff pussy, much less Al's massive cock. But Edna position herself as Al wanted
and spread her legs wide. After all she was just a fuck toy. Her, well being
didn't matter at all. Only her Lord and Master wants and desires mattered.

   Edna, let out hurtful grunts as Al plunge his massive fiery erection deep
into her tenderize, dry, chaff, fuck tunnel. His prick felt like a file that was
rasping her cunt. The teen yelped as Al yank hard on the bottles that were
attached to the fishhooks impaled in her breasts. Edna's howling increased ten
fold, as her coned breasts popped out of the gown, she shuttered violently and
she thrashed her head from side to side as Al dug his steely fingers into her
tightly bound purple breast flesh.

   Al's cock was ramming deep into her twat, rasping her insides into a spastic,
burning mass of flesh as he twisted and yanked on her breasts. Al filled her dry
box with a surging tide of hot jism that foamed and spurted out around his cock.

   After firing his load of spunk into Edna's twat he stopped his thrusting but
left the still iron hard one-eye wonder buried deep in her now gooey fuck
tunnel.  He lay atop of her pressing Edna between his two hundred and
sixty-eight-pound body and her father's body, which she was laying on.  Al
continued to twist and jerk her breasts around as he watched the wasps, sting
Gloria's breasts. Edna's howls turned onto gasping gurgling noises when she had
the breath for it.

   When the wasps calmed down, Al pounded on the bottom of the glass case right
under the wasp nest. Al's pounding would whip the wasps back into frenzy. They
swarmed and attack the only thing available to them, Gloria's breasts.

   Slowly Al pulled his thirteen-inch fuck rod from Edna's tight fuck tunnel. As
Al's rock hard rod slid out the snatch it was buried in seen to try to reach out
and suck his cock back in. Al scooted up and sat on Edna's tightly bound coned
breasts. He jerked her head up and barked, "CLEAN!"

   Edna lanced her tongue out and ran it around Al's swollen phallus licking off
the male seed that clung to it. Edna held her head up and continued to lick Al's
cock as he released his grip on her hair. She shuttered as Al activated his
branding cylinder. She let out a guttural yelp but continued licking Al's
phallus as he pressed the hot cylinder into her chest. Edna whined in pain as Al
spun around atop of her breasts. Al yanked Edna's gown further up her body and
pressed the cylinder into her abdomen. Edna let out another guttural yelp as the
letter "A" was seared into her flesh.

   "Fucktoy! Did any toys snuggle up to this nasty twat recently?" Al slapped
Edna's gapping cunt hard.

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, Titless Wonder yanked a beer can from my twa..."

   Edna whined as Al spun back around. Grabbing the pink cylinder. Al branded a
upside down "P" into Edna's forehead. Edna's tightly bound coned breasts bounced
up like a set of purple traffic cones as Al stood up and walked away. When he
returned he was holding a purple color-branding cylinder.

   Sitting back down on Edna's breasts Al poked his index finger into Edna's
bellybutton as he spoke. "Hummm! Seems to be toning up nicely. How may hours
have you used the exercise cycle, Fucktoy?"

   "Al My Lord and Master, I am not sure how long I used the exquisite exercise
cycle that My Loving Lord and Master Frank modified for us flabby toys."

   "I'll let you slid this time, Fucktoy. But you best pay attention to what you
do with your time. The next time you're asked you best be able to account for
each and every second of your time. We'll call it twelve hours of exercising. 

   Edna squealed as Al press the purple cylinder into Edna's left thigh leaving
behind twelve "E's" seared into her skin.

   Spinning around on Edna's breasts Al clipped the purple cylinder on her
necklace along with the other branding cylinders then stood up. Grasping her
breasts tightly Al dragged Edna to a sitting position.

   "Any activity in the pooper?" Al asked as her removed the brown branding
cylinder from Edna's necklace.

   "Yes Al My Lord and Master. Noodles the FAGGOT is still bunging my pooper."

   "And has your FAGGOT daddy squirt anything in your pooper?"

   "Yes Al My Lord and Master. Noodles the FAGGOT as pissed up my pooper
fourteen times."

   Edna shuddered as Al pressed the brown branding cylinder between her shoulder
blades.

    "WHO ARE YOU!" Al snapped.

   Through teary eyes Gloria watch Edna scramble to her feet, bend forward at
the waist on wide spread legs. She watched the teen rock her shoulders causing
the bottles to sway as Edna recited her speech. When Edna finished reciting the
lewd little speech Gloria watch Al drive his knee into Edna's stomach. After
Edna collapsed to the deck gasping. Al repeatedly kicked Edna's breasts as he
informed her of the modifications to her "What Are You." speech.

   Though it agonize Gloria to watch the teenager being tortured for Al's brutal
sadistic gratification she was glad that Al was focusing his abusive attention
on Edna instead of her. The wasps had settled down in their nest and were no
longer sting her breasts. So as long as Edna was absorbing Al's attention, her
breast received a small but very welcome reprieved from the stinging insects. As
it was Gloria didn't think there wasn't a single squire inch of her well-abused
breasts that didn't bare a welt from a wasp sting.

   In a futile effort Gloria once again stretched her toes towards the deck. But
as with the attempts before her toes failed to reach the deck so she remain
fully impaled on the pole buried deep in her cunt. Having failed to give her
pussy any relief Gloria redirected her attention to Al who was dragging Edna
back to her feet by her breasts.

   "WHO ARE YOU?" Al grinned as Edna resumed her bent over position and recited
her modified speech. Al walked up to Gloria and tilted her tear stained face up.

   Patting Gloria lightly on the cheek as he spoke softly to her. "Quack, are
you enjoying watching Bobbies pets? You are! Then you won't mind waiting here
for a few moments while I take care of a few things? You don't! Gee that's awful
kind of you." Al turned and walked away. He only went a few feet before stopping
and returning to Gloria. "Quack be a dear and sing for Fucktoy. She looks
awfully bored over there just shaking her titties with no one other then daddy
taking her up on her offer of a nice fuck tunnel to bung." Al kicked the bottom
of the glass case several times then turned and left the mess hall.

   Gloria screamed at the top of her lungs as the wasps swarmed and attacked her
stretched breasts.

   Al smiled and stroked his hard cock while he listened to Gloria's screams as
he headed down below to take care of the generator and a few other things. After
taking care of the vessels needs he went to the engine room where Beth was still
performing her bilge pumping duties. "Bilge Rat! Are you finished pumping
Bobbies bilge?"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, I have suck My Lord and Master, Robert bilge dry."

   "Good, good!" Chuckled Al as he walked behind Beth. Plucking on the lines
that were stretched tight between Beth's cunt lips and her husband's balls. "My,
My, Bilge Rat these seem to be a bit loose. Shall I tighten them for you?"

   Though Beth was already up on her toes and her pussy lips stretched painfully
tight, Beth responded sweetly, "Yes, please, Al. I would appreciate it if you
would tighten those slack lines for me."

   Beth gasped as Al tightened the lines even tighter forcing her to stand on
the very tips of her toes like a ballerina. Al twanged the lines again. Yep that
should do it!" Then he punched Steve in his bloated discolored abdomen. Steve
let out a muffled scream through the duct tape over his mouth. "Whoa! What do
you think of that Bilge Rat? Piss Ant decided to relive his piss bag right into
his guts just like Frank said he would. Boy-O-boy is Frank going to really tick
off when he finds out he missed it.

   Beth didn't need to be told about her husband's plight. Earlier on her eighth
trip to the oil drums in the next compartment with a mouth full of oily bulge
water Her husband started screaming and begin bucking like a bronco bull. 
Startled by his sudden out burst and movement she had swallowed the bilge water
in her mouth. When she looked up at him she saw his belly expand and change
colors. She wasn't sure what had happen but now Al confirmed her suspicion.
Without any outlet her husband's bloated bladder had burst and the urine that
was in it had rushed into his abdominal cavity. Beth knew that her husband was
slowly dying in pure agony from peritonitis caused by his own piss. Though she
had always had been against the death penalty,  God, how now she wished that she
could kill each and every one of the Andersons slowly. O-so very slowly.

   Beth herself screamed as Al ripped her left hand free from the underside of
her left breast where it had been super glued. Al hung a bottle of degreaser and
a bottle of metal polish from Beth's breast rings. Hooking his thumb towards a
bale of rags at the front of the engine room while he growled, "This
compartment, best be spotless and gleaming by time I come back here. You may
climb, crawl, stand or squat on any of engine room items in order to clean.
However if you are caught or if there is any signs at all of tampering with your
twat lines, the hoist controls or Piss Ant, I will cut off all ten of your
fingers and stuff them up your ass. Then have you, finish cleaning with stubby
hands!" Al slapped Beth's ass. "Move it!" Al then left the engine room and
headed for the Toybox.

   **********

   Susan ran into the mess deck holding the skirt of her gown up above her hips.
The weights hanging from her pussy lips bounce around as she ran. The movement
of the weights yanked and twisted her stretched pussy lips, and the throttle
still protruded out of her rump pulled on her rectal lining. Susan ran around
the mess deck ten times then stopped in front of her bent over daughter.
"Gosh-golly-gee-wiz! What do we have here?" Susan asked in a tone of amazement,
as if she had made a discovery of a lifetime.

   Edna turned beet red as she recited her modified "What are you." speech, with
her mother's pussy poised in front of her face. When she finished her speech,
her mother thrust her pussy in to her daughter's face. Edna lanced her tongue
pass the descended pussy lips and into her own mother's, snatch. After the fifth
time her tongue slithered through her mother's cunt, her mother step back.

   "Oh Ohh! Oohhh! Uuuuhhhgggghhhhhh! Ahhh! Yeeeesssss! Dear God Yeeesss!"
Moaned Susan as if she was in pure ecstasy. "Boy-O-Boy! I am so very lucky to
have such trampish little slut of a brat who knows how to please her mommies
nasty twat with her sweet little whorish tongue." WHACK! WHACK! Susan slapped
her daughter's face hard. "Thank you, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy for
being such a trampish little slut." Then Susan took off running.

   Susan ran around the mess deck ten more times the stopped in front of Gloria
and glared into the glass case. "My, my Quack Bitch! What lovely little friends
you have. But they are awful hard to see hiding in the nest. Here let me help
you coax them out. Susan kicked the bottom of the glass case where the wasp nest
was. "Now that's much better. You can see all of them now. Look at how cute they
look as they fly around kissing your boobies. Well I have to trot now see you
later." Susan yelled over Gloria's screams.

   Susan ran around the mess deck ten more times then stopped in front of her
daughter. "Gosh-golly-gee-wiz! What do we have here?"

   The scene that Susan had previously played out with her daughter was
repeated. Then the scene with Gloria was repeated. So it went ten laps of the
mess deck, daughter, ten laps, Gloria, ten laps... Over and over Susan repeated
the cycle. Even after Al arrived with the rest of the toys in tow.

   Susan ran around, letting her daughter lick her twat and visit Gloria as Al
one by one took care of the other captives. Starting with Pony Girl, Al laid her
on the deck. Then he drew Lori's legs up towards her head. The legs were then
tucked behind Lori's arms, which were secured to her collar. Once Lori's legs
were behind her arms and head, her legs were secured in place. Lines were
attached to Lori's breast rings and the breast were wrapped tautly around the
outside of her thighs and secured. The line through Lori's clit ring was looped
around the breast lines and a two-liter bottle filled with water tied to the
clit line.

   After all of the girls that were in the coffle that Al has led into the mess
deck were trussed up Al pulled them up by there breast strings until the captive
were sitting on there rumps like wheebles. In there upright position the bottles
of water was drew their clits upward.

   "Titless! Get your ass over here!" Al trussed Susan up the same way that the
other girls were, but when he tried to set her up on her rump he ran into a
problem. The end of the throttle that was super glued in Susan's rectum was
sticking out preventing Susan to remain up right on her rump.

   "Aw! This one is broken!" Al grabbed the base of the throttle and dragged her
over in front of her daughter. "Fucktoy! How times did you play with this?" Al
lifted Susan up by the throttle and stuffed Susan's crotch into Edna's face.

   Edna let out a deep anguishing groan. "Al My Lord and Master, I have played
with the Titless Wonder nasty twat twenty-two times." Mumbled Edna through her
mother's twat.

   Al dropped Susan to the deck, he then activated the pink, branding cylinder
on Edna's necklace. Edna whined and shuttered as Al press the hateful little
cylinder to her forehead. Edna wanted to run from this madman. But fearing what
he would do to her when he tracked her down Edna stayed bent over with her head
tilted up. She fidgeted from foot to foot as she looked up at the grinning
sadistic face above her as he left a trail of upright "P's" seared into her
forehead.

   "Whoa! Fucktoy, you're out of space up here! If you don't curb that
insatiable wanton need of yours for twats I'm going to have to turn that head of
yours into a cue ball. But sense I don't have a razor handy, I'll just place the
two last twat lapping usage marks right here!" Al seared a "P" on each side of
Edna's nose.

   Tears streamed from Edna's eyes and washed over the two branding on her nose
before falling to the deck. Her tears were not only the results of the pain from
the awful branding. They were also from the prospect of loosing her beautiful
head of hair. Though the loss of her hair would not cause her any physical
discomfort the emotional trauma of loosing her last vestige of normalcy was
devastating to the teenager.

    "Well Quack what have we learned?"

   "My Lord and Master, under your most excellent tutelage I have learned that I
should be more attentive to My Lords and Masters needs. Instead of pussyfooting
around with My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress or to goggle over the other
toys."

   "Talking about the toys, would you like to join them?"

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, I would very much like to join the other toys."

   Al flipped a switch on a motor under the glass case. As the case filled up
with white smoke Al released Gloria's arms from the overhead. When all of the
wasps were laying on the bottom of the tank Al quickly removed the case top and
unhooked her breasts from the bottom of the case. As Gloria stood up strait Al
place a screen top over the case and pushed the case into a corner just as the
wasps begin to recover.

   While Gloria was still impaled upon the rod sticking out of the deck Al bound
her the same way that he had bound the other toys. After binding Gloria Al
pulled her off the rod and sat her on the floor with the other toys. She
teetered slightly on her rump before settling down. Gloria glanced around her at
her fellow captives. Al had come up with yet another way to bind them. Gloria
had no idea as to what Al was up to, but she knew that if she didn't stay as Al
had place her he would have another more painful torture ready. So She had to
concentrate hard to remain up right on her rump with the others.

   All right bitches we are going to have a little race. From here to the aft
railing and back to this spot. Fucktoy you are to follow the bitches and upright
any that wobble over. Keep track of which toy, you upright and how many times.
You bitches pay heed! Every time Fucktoy has to upright your lazy asses will
earn you a hour on the cycle to tone up your lazy asses. The looser will receive
thirty-five minutes of ass buzzing. NOW MOVE IT!"

   It was a totally ludicrous scene that unfolded before Edna's eyes. Seven nude
females with the legs folded up and secured behind their heads as they waddled
on their rumps heading for the hatch leading out to the aft deck. Their clits
being stretched upwards, swing back and forth in time with the bottles. Things
were going smoothly until they bunched up at the hatchway. With each girl trying
to be first through the hatchway all but Mary who arrived at the hatch first and
Gloria who arrived last toppled over. In no particular order Edna uprighted the
toppled girls. When she finally uprighted the last girl and followed her through
the hatchway, Edna saw that Mary had reached the stern and had turned around.
Mary was waddling like this was a normal mode of travel for the
eighteen-year-old. Her speed was about that of a slow walk while the other
waddlers were moving at a very slow snails pace. Edna had no doubt that Mary
would win this absurd race.

   Edna also notice that the first girl that she had up righted had toppled over
again . By time Edna got Betty back up on her rump and on her way, Betty
position had dropped from third to sixth. When, Helen saw how close Betty was to
her she put forth a sudden burst of speed in an attempt to pass Betty. Betty
sensing that she was about to be passed also increased her speed. The result was
that both girls toppled over.

   This is when Edna made her first conscious cruel act. She deliberately
uprighted Betty then went over to Marsha who had toppled over when she was
turning around at the stern and righted her. Then slowly she returned to Helen
and pulled her up on her ass by her hair. Holding Helen in place by her hair
Edna seethed, "All of this is your fault you snotty bitch!" Then she kicked the
bottle dangling from Helen's clit before releasing her.

   Edna gasped as she entered the mess deck. Her mother was dangling from the
overhead by the throttle super glued up her ass. Huddled around her were the
other captives. And Al was sitting in a chair by the mess deck table.

   "Barbie Doll, join the others!" Roared Al. When Helen was huddled with her
fellow captives Al cooed, "Fucktoy, be a doll and bring mommy to me by her
hair."

   Edna reached between her mother's ankles and grabbed a handful of hair; she
pulled her mother to Al, nervously. Before Edna had a chance to hand Al the
fistful of her mother's hair, Al slapped the two-liter bottle that was hanging
from her left nipple. The force of the water filled bottle as it swung caused
Edna's left breast to pop out of the gown's breast cup.

   "Fucktoy, look at the toys." Giggled Al.

   With the bottle still yanking and pulling on her breasts, Edna turned towards
her fellow captives, who were huddled together on their rumps, and lock her tear
filled eyes on them. She winced as Al drove his fist into her pussy. He twisted,
yanked, and pinched her clit.

   "Let mommy go."

   Edna watched her mother swing by the throttle buried deep in her ass, and
plowed into the huddled captives. The force of the impact toppled several of the
huddled captives over.

   "Retrieve mommy." SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

   Edna legs buckled from the force of Al's blows to her pussy. She scurried
over to her mother; she dragged her mother by her hair to Al, who took custody
of her this time.

   "Reset the toys."

   Edna reset the toppled captives back on their rumps, as Al stood up. With all
of the force he could mustard he flung Edna's mother into the huddled mass of
bound females, causing all of them to topple over.

   "Retrieve, and reset," Al giggled.

   Edna scurried over to her dangling mother and dragged her mother by her hair
back to Al. Edna then scurried back to her cocaptives and started setting them
back up on there rumps.

   Before Edna had a chance to upright all of the toppled captives, her mother
slammed into her. Causing her and the captives she had up-righted to topple over
once again. Edna stared up at her mother's hanging, swing form, which was joined
by Al's Cheshire cat, face. "AAARRRGGGEEE!" Edna screamed, as Al yanked her up
by the bottles hanging from her breasts.

   "No one said you could rest, you lazy ass bitch! You were told to reset the
toys, now get too it!" Growled Al, as he grabbed Susan's hair.

   Edna barely had time to place her fellow captives on their buns and stepped
back, when her mother sailed past her, smashing into the huddled females once
again.

   "Well Bitch!" Al snapped.

   Edna dragged her mother, by her hair back to Al. SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

   "Bitch! What are those titties doing out! I'll no longer will tolerate your
whorish peacocking, strutting and allow you to flaunt them boobies all over the
ship.  If I see them boobies out once more I'll staple them in place so you
won't be tempted flaunt them boobies in a vain attempt to use them to seduce me
or my brothers!"

   With shaky hands Edna squeezed her coned breasts back into the gowns breasts
cups. As she made her way back towards the toppled girls her mother sailed pass
her.

   POP! "EEEEEKKKK!" THUD, CRASH!

   Edna watch her mother soar over the toppled heap of female flesh. With
nothing to halt her mother's progress she sail on through to the far end of the
arc. With horror Edna watch the throttle pop out of her mother's ass, crashed
into the bulkhead and plop to the deck in a crumple heap. As soon as the
throttle popped out of Susan's poop-chute, ten days of acclimated shit sprayed
out of her shitter.

   "AW, it broke," Al manage to giggle through his sidesplitting laughter. While
Edna sat her fellow captives back on their rumps, Al walked over to Susan and
kicked her limp form repeatedly. "Oh well, these things happen." Al kicked Susan
until she was next to the butt sitting huddled girls.

   Al removed the dangling bloody throttle from the line it was hanging from. He
handed it and a tube of super glue to Edna. "Fix mommy, Fucktoy!" Al chuckled,
as he threaded the line through all of the ankle cuffs, except for Betty's.
"Food!"

  

CLOSE LOG ENTRY 39




   Log Entry Number: 40

   Honesty is the Best Policy

  

   Betty didn't know how she was going to fix Al's meal trusted up the way she
was, but she wasn't about to ask Al, so wobbling on her rump she made her way
towards the galley.

   Edna looked down into her mother's pleading eyes. "Forgive me mommy," Edna
sobbed to herself. With tears streaming down her face, Edna crouched down,
turned her mother over onto her stomach, push the gown clear of her mother's
ass, coated the bloody throttle with supper glue, then slammed the throttle buck
up her mothers bleeding poop-chute.

   The mess deck filled with muted moans and grunts that were emitted by the
huddle girls as they were hoisted up off the deck. The suspend girls were
arrange by Al so that their boobies were all facing outward, then he spun them.

   "Titless Wonder as been repaired, Al My Lord and Master." Squeaked Edna, as
she stood up.

   "Fucktoy, rearrange Galley, so she can prepare my meal. Then take the tube of
glue down with you to the engine room. Reattach Bilge Rat paw to her titty, then
put them away."

   When Edna opened the engine room hatch she was greeted by the agonizing
howling of a male's voice. She worked herself and her father down the engine
room ladder to find Beth scrubbing the aft engine room bulkhead. As Edna open up
the two deck plates to the bilge, where the Lipton's would be place, She glance
around the engine room and saw that it was gleaming from the deck plates to a
line that was obvious the limit of Beth's reach could get. Even the engines
gleamed. Remembering Standing Order Number Seven and the tongue press, Edna
stepped up behind Beth and tapped her on the shoulder. When Beth turned around
Edna grabbed her free hand squirted super glue into the palm, and then shoved it
to the underside of her breast. As Elizabeth had shown her, Edna grasped Beth's
dangling clit and pulled her to the open bilge. When Edna lowered the hoist that
Steve was hanging from, Beth climb into and laid down in her spot in the bilge
without any form of protest. However when Edna lowered her screaming husband
into the void next to her, Beth begin pleading.

   "Please, he's in so much pain. The peritonitis is killing him. Please ask
Robert for some medication. Please ask him to send that doctors down to help
him. Please he's in so much pain. Please dear God please, I'll do any thing you
ask, just get my husband some help, please."

   Edna looked at Steve's horribly discolored, bloated abdomen. Though she felt
pity for Steve's predicament, she was not about to place herself in harms way of
any of the Anderson brothers by asking for medical aid for him. If she would
plead for any medical help it would be for her own farther, not some fool who
had with her mother's aid got Robert aboard the Random Access. As she closed and
secured the deck plates over the Lipton's, she glanced back at her father. He
was staring glassy-eyed into space. He had been in shock ever sense his
shattered arms had been stretched taunt when her mother was hoisted up to see
why she was stuck in "low gear". "No," thought Edna as she sobbed. "I would ask
for help for daddy, if I had the courage to ask for any medical help at all."

   When Edna entered the mess deck, she saw Al sitting at the table eating. She
also noticed that Gloria and Betty had traded places. Gloria was whipping the
huddled, suspended girls with a leather strop. Her mother was directly under the
suspended girls, rolling and slithering through pools of piss and shit. Whenever
her mother face passed over a wad of shit she would drag her face through it.

   "Milk!"

   Gloria stopped beating her fellow captives; raced over to Al, thrust her left
breast out towards Al. Al slashed Gloria's breast with his own strop then
suckled on the inflamed titty. After Al stop sucking on her tit, Gloria rushed
back over to the suspended girls and started beating them again.

   "Welcome back, Fucktoy. Do you have anything to report?" Al asked as he
turned up the volume on the monitor that was locked onto the engine room deck
plates where the Lipton's were entombed in. Steve's gurgling howling filled the
mess deck.

   Edna realized that the entire scene in the engine room had been monitored.
She was glad that she had not spoken while she was in the engine room.

   "WELL!" Al barked as he lowered the volume.

   Nervously Edna responded, "Al My Lord and Master, Bilge Rat would like some
medical aid for Piss Ant."

   "Fucktoy, come here," cooed Al. SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! "Do I look like
the fucking ship's doctor to you?"

   Edna rocked back and forth on her feet as Al slapped her face. "No, My Lord
and Master, you don't. I'm sorry." Edna sobbed.

   SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! "WELL!"

   Edna almost fell from the repeated slaps across her face. She turned on
unsteady feet towards Gloria, who was still whipping her cocaptives.  "Quack
Bitch, Bilge Rat would like some medical aid for Piss Ant." Edna stuttered
through her sobbing.

   "I would love to, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy but as you can see my
schedule appointments are completely full, keeping these sluts nice and toasty,
so they won't catch cold." Gloria chirped as she continued to lash the dangling,
spinning, huddle of girl flesh.

   "Go get your mic, Fucktoy, and bring it here." Giggled Al.

   Edna scurried over to the end table at the foot of the couch, picked up the
microphone that had been ripped from the Random Access's radio, and then
scurried back over to Al. Once in front of Al he shoved her backwards atop of
her father. Without being told, Edna spread her legs wide.

   Al plunged the microphone deep into Edna's gapping twat, while he seethed a
new message for her to broadcast. Then Al dragged Edna back to her feet by the
bottles hanging from her titties. As soon as Edna was on her feet and Al had
release the bottles, she tucked her cone breasts back into the gowns breasts
cups.

   "Non stop!"

   As loud as she could Edna began to recite the new radio message. "THIS IS THE
FUCKING YACHT, RANDOM FUCK. WE ARE IN THE NEED OF A DOCTOR. THERE IS A WHINING
FAGGOT ON BOARD WITH A ITSY-BITSY TUMMY ACHE. SO IF THERE IS ANY LAME DOCTORS
OUT THERE COME ABOARD THE RANDOM FUCK, AND HELP THE FAGGOT OUT.

   ONLY DOCTORS WITH BIG HARD FUCK RODS NEED APPLY. I NEED BIG HARD FUCK RODS
FOR MY FUCK HOLES.

   THANK YOU AND HOPE TO HAVE A BIG HARD FUCK ROD UP MY NASTY SNATCH VERY SOON."

   THIS IS THE FUCKING YACHT, RANDOM FUCK. WE ARE IN THE NEED..."

   Edna watched Al hooked his thumb to the monitor that still showed a view of
the engine room. Flexing her cuntal muscles to keep the microphone buried deep
in her cunt, Edna blushed scarlet red as she without stopping her broadcast
returned to the engine room.

   Beth huddled in fetal position in her section of the bilge listening to her
husband howl in hideous agonizing pain. She prayed that the teen that was
dragging her father around would ask Robert to let the doctor help her husband.
Beth howled in anguish as she heard over her husband's cries the young teenager
bellow out her message. "Dear God they're gong to let Steve die. They are not
going to help him at all. Dear God please end Steve's suffering. Take him up
there with you. Please God Take him. Please!" Sobbed Beth.

   It didn't happen her husband continue to howl in agony as the teen droned on.

   "AAAARRRRGGGGEEEE!!!!!" Beth's own howls rang out as the butt plug up her
rear charged her body. She flopped around within her confined space. At the same
time there was a loud crash on the deck plates above her. Instead of the droning
message a third agonizing howl filled the engine room. When the bone rattling
electricity stop slamming into her she heard Al's booming voice.

   "RETURN!"

   Above her the teen restarted bellowing out the massage for a doctor with a
hard fuck rod as she struggled back to her feet, slowly the volume of the teen's
bellowing diminished as she made her way out of the engine room. It wasn't until
the teen's voice faded out completely that Beth notice that her husband was no
longer howling. She stared at the plating that separated the sections of the
bilge that she and her husband were in. Was her request to God answered? Did he
take Steve to heaven? As she stared intensely at the platting she heard a soft
gurgling painful groan from the other side of the plating. Steve was alive. He
hadn't been released from purgatory. He just got a small reprieve as he slipped
into unconsciousness.

   "Fucktoy, Quack bring the exercise cycle in here."  Snapped Al as Edna
stopped in front of Al. "And I best hear the Mayday message broadcasting nice
and loud!"

   Edna waddled behind Gloria to the Toybox, bellowing her Mayday radio message
in a continuous loop. Though she had performed every lewd, obscene act that she
knew about. And many more that she never dreamed of, Edna was still was deeply
humiliated as Al and all of the captives listened to her beg for big hard fuck
rods to be shoved up her fuck tunnels, over and over.

   It was a difficult task to carry out, especially dragging her father behind
her from her rear end, but she and Gloria finally got the exercise cycle set up
on the mess deck. Once the exercise cycle was sitting on the mess deck, Gloria
without being prompted restarted to whip her dangling cocaptives, as Edna stood
fidgeting, singing her radio message. Edna watched Al reach under the huddled,
suspended girls and dragged her piss and shit covered mother out by the throttle
super glued up her ass.

   "I was wrong Fucktoy, mommy here can't keep her clothes clean either." Al
giggled as he shook Susan in front of Edna's face like an upside-down rattle.
"Pew!" Al wrinkled his nose while he twisted his face in a look of disgust and
loathing. "Mater of fact she worse then you." Al hung Susan from the overhead in
front of the excise cycle.

   Al jammed his hand into Edna's cunt and dragged out the microphone. He tied
the microphone to Susan's clit with a piece of twine so it hung in front of
Susan's mouth.

   "Lick!"

   Susan darted her tongue out and lapped her daughter's cunt juices and Al's
jism from the microphone.

   "Fucktoy, what's the toppled wheeble count?" Al asked as he jerked both of
her coned breasts out of her gown by the bottles attached to them. "We need to
start on there lazy-ass tone-ups." Al chirped, as he yanked Edna's breasts in
opposite directions.

   Edna stop reciting her radio message, she gasped and stuttered out the totals
of the number of times she righted each of her cocaptives during the race and
the bowling game. When she got to Helen' count, Edna glanced hatefully at her.
"Barbie Doll toppled over six time during the race and fiv..."

   What was that last count, Fucktoy?" Al growled as he jerked Edna's twin coned
breasts strait up.

   Edna lurched up on her toes, her entire body shuddering from the ripping pain
that shot through her breasts. "Six, My Lord and Master. Barbie Doll toppled
over six times during the race."

   A sinister grin spread across Al's face. He was all ready going to castigate
his little fuck toy for causing Helen to loose the race. He was going to send
waves of nerve rattling electricity to course through her body for thirty-five
minutes instead of delivering them to Helen. Now he had caught her in a lie.
"Funny, I only counted Barbie Doll toppling over three time during the race. Now
why is that, Fucktoy?" Al seethed, as he shook Edna back and forth by her
breasts.

   "I'm sorry, My Lord and Master, I lied. You are right Barbie Doll only fell
over three time during the race." Edna sobbed, wishing that she could take back
the lie.

   "Your damn right you did. It was you're lying and cheating at the butterfly
contest, that condemn your family with live sentences as toys. I thought that
would have taught you not to lie and cheat. But NOOO it didn't." Al dragged Edna
up onto the exercise cycle by her breast and strapped her to it.

   "Maybe this will teach you not to lie to me or my brothers." Al snapped the
alligator clips to Edna's nipples and clit. "You now have earned every minute
that the other toys would have gotten for toppling over including the three
extra hours you dreamed up for Barbie Doll" Al plugged the cycle into the ships
power supply.

   "Please Al I won't do it again. I'll never lie to you or your brothers again.
It's just that I was so angry a Barbie Doll that I wasn't thinking strait.
Please Al, don't do this to me. Please Al." Edna sobbed hysterically, as hot air
blew into her pussy, causing it to make rude farting noises.

   "That's three more hours for improper title usage, and another hour for
trying to tell me what to do. NOW START PUMPING BITCH!" Snapped Al.

   Once Edna had the exercise cycle up to fifteen miles per hour, Al flipped the
power switch.

   "Refill time Quack," Al chuckled.

   Through tear-swollen eyes, Edna watched Gloria stop whipping the flesh of the
huddled suspended females, and scurry out of the mess deck. Edna let out a long,
deep agonizing groan. She was already dog-tired, and she could feel her energy
draining raptly away, as she peddled. Minimally Edna had thirty-seven hours of
peddling to perform. She didn't know if Al would make her do the entire
thirty-seven hours without a rest period. Edna prayed he wouldn't, but she knew
that like her other pleads to her God this one would also go unanswered.

   "I can't here your radio massage, bitch!" Bellowed Al as he stepped through
the galley / mess deck hatch behind Gloria.

   As her breasts and clit were yanked and stretched, while hot air blow dry her
pussy, it was reamed by a huge unyielding rubber dildo, and her back was whipped
repeatedly then rubbed, Edna sang out at the top of her lungs in raspy, cracking
voice her absurd radio massage. Over and over she ask for large hard cocks to
fill her fuck tunnels.

   Edna expect Al to return to lower the huddled suspended females, and escort
them to the Toybox to whip Gloria's breasts, before being put away for the
night. However that didn't happen. They were left folded in half, their breast
tautly, wrapped around the outsides of their legs, as they dangled from the
overhead by there ankles in a huddled group. Her mother, who was bound in the
same fashion as the other girls hung suspended upside-down by the throttle super
glued up her ass, right in front of the exercise cycle.

   Susan was sobbing in agonizing pain as her own weight threatened to rip her
guts out through he rectum. Even though she was in immense pain, she continued
to lick and sucked on the microphone that had been up her daughter pussy. She
watched her daughter's self torture, as she peddled away on the exercise cycle.
God! How she wished that she never had let Robert step foot aboard their yacht.

   Edna's long, lean legs were burning with agonizing pain. They throbbed and
twitched from peddling throughout the long night. Several times she had slowed
down below the fifteen miles per hour mark and was rewarded by searing
electrical jolts that rattled her tortured body, through the clips on her tits
and clit. The powerful jolts convince Edna to continue to torture herself as she
frantically kept the exercise cycle above it's fifteen miles per hour mark.

   Her purple, coned breasts and clit felt is if they were close to being ripped
from her body, each time the mechanical levers jerked the alligator clips that
were chewing on her tender flesh. Blood was being flicked in every direction,
off her jouncing, swollen titties, caused by the wildly bouncing bottles
attached to the fishhooks imbedded in the soft spongy tissue of her breasts.

   The dry, rasping, massive rubber dildo plunged in and out of her tattered
pussy. The relentless friction was causing the once soft, moist tissue to glaze
over. It made her once pristine vagina feel as if it was on fire.

   The back of Edna's elegant evening gown hung in tatters off her bloody back.
Even when the blood stained lambs wool pad brushed her tenderized backside she
winced in agonizing pain.

   The rest of the gown was drenched and dripping with sweat, that leached
profusely from every pore of her pain riddle body to pool on the deck beneath
the cycle.

   With a very dry throat that rattled out hoarse, cracking voice, Edna
continued to spew her pasquinade radio massage, barely above a guttural whisper.

   The only part of Edna's sleek young body that wasn't racked by purgatorial,
pain was her poop-chute. "God, I'm so happy to have you up my ass, daddy,"
thought Edna. She clenched and squeezed the flaccid fuck-rod of her father that
was sewn up her shitter.

   Edna groaned and shifted her dry, puffy, bloodshot eyes from her dangling
mother to the galley / mess deck hatch as the aroma of cooking food wafted
through air.

   The "exercising" teen watched Al nude form strut from the galley to the mess
deck / aft deck hatch. His rock hard, monstrous thirteen-inch long, wrist thick
fuck-rod and egg size balls swinging freely.

   "God, how I wish that my Lord and Master's hard cock was filling my nasty
twat with it's soothing, gooey spunk, instead of the hateful hot air spitting
rubber dong.

   "Fucktoy, I can't hear you!" Chuckled Al as he stepped through the hatch
leading out to the aft deck.

   Edna screamed as loud as she could, but her radio message still crackled out
of her just above a whisper. That was easily drowned out moments later by
leather striking bare skin and the youthful howling of Al's daughter.

   Shining through the open hatch, the bright, colorful, Pacific morning
sunlight bathing, Edna's sweat drenched body, as she peddled the cycle and sang
out her message, as Elizabeth strong agonizing cries reverberated throughout
mess deck.

   Edna watched Gloria emerge from the galley with three plates of steaming
food. After placing the plates on the table she scurried out of hatch leading
out to the aft deck. Gloria remade her appearance in the mess deck by flying
through the hatchway. She flew about ten feet then thudded and skidded to a stop
upon the deck. All three of the Anderson brother filled into the mess deck,
laughing hard. As the three sadistic brothers begin eating there breakfast,
Gloria scurried to her feet and rearrange Edna's mother and the huddled,
suspended girls for a game of "Bitch Bowling". Gloria scampered between her jobs
of providing milk for the Andersons to drink, resetting toppled girls on there
rumps, and delivering Susan to one of the three brothers, while they ate, drank
and bowled.

   Twice during the bowling, Edna's mother "broke" and was "fixed" both times by
Gloria. The first time the throttle ripped out of Susan's shitter, and while
still laying in a heap among the toppled girls, and before the throttle was
reglued up her ass, watery shit exploded out Susan's recently unplugged shitter.
Bathing the mass of female flesh with shit to the jovial glee of the three
brothers.

   Swabbing up the last remnants of his breakfast with a biscuit Al barked, "Aft
deck BITCHES!" the popped the biscuit into his mouth. "Milk!"

   While Al whipped and suckled Gloria's bloated breast, the other two brothers
gawked, poked, prodded, and shouted out various promise of torture for all but
the first sex slave to reach the aft railing, as the group waddled it's way aft
on there rumps.

   Finishing his suckling Al slammed his fist into Gloria's gut. As the
thirty-three year old medical doctor, gasped for breath Al trussed her up like
the other sex-slaves. Gloria waddled on her rump to join her cocaptives as
Robert reentered the mess deck.

   "Yo, big brother I'm going to get Bilge Rat. I'll be back shortly to give you
a hand," Robert stated.

   "OK!" Al responded, as he sat a chair in front of the exercise cycle. Al
jammed his left pinkie up Edna's right nostril, as he step up on the chair.  He
jerked her head up and back, "OPEN!" Al fed half of his massive cock down Edna's
throat and pissed down her gullet. Al withdrew his dripping cock from the
peddling teen's mouth, stepped down off the chair and applied his usage brand.
Moseying up to the teen's dangling mother Al cut the line holding her up. Susan
yelped as she crashed to the deck, Al grabbed the throttle sticking out of her
ass and dragged her to the aft deck.

   Edna was left alone to torture herself while she peddled the exercise cycle.
Her eyes drifted to the monitor that was still locked on the view of the engine
room, where the Lipton's were. She watched Robert drag Steve from the bilge. She
could tell by the way Robert was acting as he jabbed his finger-bloated stomach
that he was laughing his head off. She watched Robert stuffed a piss and shit
cocktail, rubber cock in Steve's mouth and duct tape it in place.  Then Robert
force Beth to sit on her husband's swollen gut, as he tied pussy lips and balls
together. Then the trio moved out of camera's frame.  While Edna peddled and
watched the monitor, Elizabeth's screams filled the mess deck.

   Al and Robert waltzed into the mess deck like two proud roosters. Al
unplugged the cycle from the ships power supply then both powerful men dragged
the entire exercise cycle along with Edna and her father to the aft deck. They
stop dragging the cycle when it was just behind the row of sex-slave toys
sitting on their derrieres.

   Being unable to be sit on her ass due to the throttle sticking out of it,
Edna's mother was laying on her back in front of the other toys. Her pussy lips
still had the six fishhooks imbedded in them that supported the twelve pounds of
lead weights. 

   Beth was standing next to the cycle on wide spread legs. Her husband hanged
from her pussy lips by his trussed up balls. She was causing her balloon breast
to bounce up and down by her hands that were super glued to them.

   Steve was laying face down on his bloated stomach with the J-hook dildo still
glued up his ass. He was sucking down piss and shit solution.

   Elizabeth was hanging upside down with her legs, spread very wide. As she
slowly spun around Edna could see that the fourteen-year-olds body was striped
from a multitude lashings from leather belts, especially her wide spread pussy
and her budding breast nubs.

   "Bitch, no one said that you could stop pumping and broadcasting!" Al
snapped, as he repluged the cycle to the ship power supply.

   Edna gurgled and her sleek young body jerked spasmodically, as electricity
slammed into her, through her clipped nipples and clit. Using every once of
strength she processed, Edna pushed her left leg down, then her right leg. Left,
right, left, right...soon Edna had the cycle backup to the proper speed to cut
off the current flow. Edna croaked out her message for big hard fuck rods for
her fuck tunnels.

   Edna's, droning was easily drowned out by Elizabeth's howling as her father
and two uncles lashed her pubescent body. Within short order the sobbing
fourteen-year-old was looking like Helen.

   "Now Sweet Pea, what was it, you ask Uncle Frank you wanted? Al seethed. "Go
on Sweet Pea ask me!"

   "Daddy..." WHACK! Al struck his daughter's gapping twat hard with his belt.
"...please..." WHACK! Frank slashed his belt across Elizabeth's budding left
titty. "...let..." WHACK! Robert laid his belt across the budding right titty.
"...mommy..." WHACK! Al hit his daughter's twat. "...out..." WHACK! Left titty.
"...of..." WHACK! Right titty. "...the..." WHACK! Twat. "...sewage..." WHACK!
Left titty. "...tank..." WHACK! Right titty. "...and..." WHACK! Twat.
"...let..." WHACK! Left titty. "...Quack..." WHACK! Right titty. "...examine..."
WHACK! Twat. "...her..." WHACK! Left titty. "...please..." WHACK! Right titty.
"...daddy..." WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Al laid three quick brutal blows across his
daughter's gapping twat.

   "Sure, Sweet Pea, no problem," Al stated. He spun her around and laid into
her ass with his belt. While her uncles slipped on heavy work gloves.

   Linda was slouching against the sewage tank bulkhead, in total darkness. She
had heard the commotion above her for hours now. She knew that someone was being
tortured up on deck from the anguishing howling she could hear. The deck plates
distorted the painful cries and speech, so she couldn't recognize the owner.

   Linda clenched her eyes tight, as a beam of bright sunlight flooded the tank
she was in, when the hatch above her opened up. "Elizabeth is that you?"

   "Shut the fuck up bitch! Kneel under the hatch!" Roared Frank.

   Linda groaned as she struggled to her knees, and position herself under the
open hatch. A barb steel cable lassoed her torso just under her breasts. With a
sudden jerk the cable tighten around her and she was hoisted out of her home of
the last two years. Linda hung above the sewage tank with human waste dripping
from her. Her body was a mass of open, pus dripping sores. Leaches adorn her
body.

   It took several minutes for her eyes that were use to total darkness to
adjust to see in the bright Pacific sunlight. When they did, Linda gasped and
shuddered at the scene that came into focus before her eyes.

   "Albert! Please stop!" Linda cried out.

   Without missing a stroke across his daughter's crimson ass, Al chirped with a
giddy voice, "Afternoon dear. Our daughter seems to be a little concern about
your health. Would you like to see a doctor?"

   Straining to control her sobbing, she answered her husband. "Yes, Albert I
would like to see a doctor, very much. But please stop beating our daughter.
Please!"

   "The doctor will se you shortly," Giggled Al, as his two brothers joined him
in thrashing his daughter's pubescent body.

   Linda swung madly at the end of the cable that held her suspended above the
sewage tank, as she screamed. "STOP! Albert, stop it! Stop brutalizing your
daughter!"

   "I would love to darling, but doctors are expensive Sweet Pea here has
volunteer to pay for your medical bills." Snickered Al.

   While his brothers continue to beat his daughter, Al turned and faced the
assembled toys. "With my lovely wife being a bit under the weather, I'm looking
for a volunteer to assume her duties until she is feeling better. So who wants
to volunteer for the job."

   All of the captives glanced around nervously none of them wanting to be place
down into the sewage tank.

   "Well I see that all of you are just aching to volunteer." Al giggled, as he
walk up and down the row of sex-slaves wobbling on their rumps, lashing them
with his belt. "But the one who gets this cushy job needs two special
qualifications. First the bitch must love to be constantly covered with piss and
shit. And secondly the bitch must be a..." Al reached down and grabbed the
throttle sticking out of Susan's ass and jerked her up off the deck by it.
"...MOMMY!" Al shook Susan like a rattle. "Like this thing!" Al walked over to
the sewage tank with Susan. "So I sorry to inform all of you dim witted, trashy,
whorish bitches that Titless here has the cushy job." Al dropped Susan into the
tank to land with a loud splash.

   Three grinning faces of the Anderson brothers watched Susan as she struggled
to keep her head above the muck. Bound as she was, Hands cuffed to her collar,
her legs bent up her torso and threaded through hollows of her arms and secured
behind her head. Her breasts stretched and secured around the outside of her
thighs she could only use her head, elbows and torso to squirm up the slanted
slope of the tank. The protruding base of the throttle made it impossible for
Susan to sit up. So she lay there sloshed over on her side with her neck cranked
back to keep her head above the sludge of human waste.

   Satisfied that Susan could manage to keep her head above the liquid Al
chuckled, "Don't worry Titless your bindings will rot away in a month or so.
Then you be as free as a jaybird in your new home. And I'm sure that with your
lazy ass soaking in that soothing muck you'll be able to shit that throttle out
in no time. But if you happen to drown down there I'm sure your body would make
a nice bed for your daughter to lie on when she replaces you. Now have fun in
your new home. I'll have some one show you how to do your job later on."

   With that said, Susan was plunged into total darkness, as Al slammed the
sewage tank hatch closed and dogged it. Susan screamed at the top of her lungs,
into the darkness her tears plopping down into the stinking sludge that was a
part of her new home. How she wished she were topside being fuck and used by the
Anderson brothers, rather then lying in human waste. When her screaming died
down, she could still hear the goings on above her, through the steel plates of
her new home.

   After her husband drop the unknown woman into the sewage tank and secured the
hatch, Linda was lowered to the deck until she was resting on her knees. She
glanced at the sewage tank's hatch. She was out of that accursed tank and she
never wanted to go back into it again. She would never disobey or mouth off to
her husband or his brothers ever again. Linda shuddered when her husband
bellowed.

   "Quack, clean her! Leave the leaches they look cute.

   Linda watched one of the strangely bound women brake out of the line and
waddled on ass cheeks over to her. No sooner then the bound, woman was next to
her the bound woman's tongue lanced out and begin to lick the piss and shit off
of her.

   "The rest of you bitches start orbiting the aft deck, and keep on doing it
until permission to stop is given. If you topple over roll your slutty ass back
over here and it will be taken care of." Snapped Al.

   Linda watched the rest of the folded, bound woman take off wobbling on their
ass cheeks. Linda unconsciously clinched her cuntal muscles, as Robert grasped
the dangling clit of the woman who was standing on wide spread legs, jiggling
her tits.

   "What's the mater Bilge Rat? You think you're to good to join the other
bitches?" Robert jerked the clit upward forcing the tit jiggling, woman up on
her toes. "I guess you are. Aren't you! Well then you can run, and I do mean
run, around the perimeter of the Scorpion." Robert released his grip on the clit
in his hand. "Now get them hamhocks pumping."

   Linda watched the woman Robert called Bilge Rat, take off running. Linda flex
her cuntal muscles once more when she saw Bilge Rat's stretched pussy lips that
were tied to a set of nuts, stretch even feather as she dragged the
semiconscious male body behind her. 

   Linda's skin crawled with disgust as it was licked clean by the woman called
Quack. She wanted to get away from that abhorrence tongue. But she didn't want
to antagonize her husband or either of her brother-in-laws. So Linda remained on
her knees totally passive.

   As the darting tongue licked her clean, Linda shuddered to the core as she
watched the young woman astride the exercise cycle. She couldn't understand why
the young woman would be torturing herself by peddling the cycle. And why was
she constantly repeating the same vulgar passage over and over?

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY 40




   Log Entry Number: 41

   Quelling a Mutiny

  

   Her husband and her brother-in-laws had stop beating her daughter. Linda
wanted to rush to her daughter. She wanted to release her daughter. She wanted
to comfort her daughter. She wanted to escape this hellish nightmare, with her
daughter and the other tormented woman. But Linda feared what the three men
would do to her. So Linda remained as she was. Allowing another woman lick piss
and shit off of her. While she watched her crimson striped daughter, hanging
upside down, and spinning slowly moaning in agony.

   "Like what you see darling?" cooed Al. "I hope so, Sweet Pea has given up a
awful lot for you. She has given up her right to roam around the ship freely.
From now on she will have to tote a fifty-pound steel ball secured to each one
of her ankles. And one of her hands will be shackled to her collar. Lastly a
hard rubber dildo will be lodge in her mouth. It will be remove only for
servicing... (Al, wave his huge prick back and forth) ...one of these. These
articles are in addition to the items she normally wears. She will also perform
all of her normal duties, plus some punitive duties. Also every day she will be
strung up like this and beaten for a strait hour. The number of beaters will
vary from one to the maximum number of people on board on any given day. You
will watch her being beaten for the entire hour. If at any time you refuse to
watch, her hour will restart, until you do watch her for an entire hour.

   These punishments will continue until Quack, say that you are fit to return
to your shit hole. Once Quack certifies you fit, the three of us will determine
when you are to be returned to your home and Titless comes out. Each time you
disobey or rebel, Sweet Pea will have five minutes tack on to her hour of
beatings. The times are accumulative but not deductible. So if you disobey once,
darling, Sweet Pea earns five minutes. From then on she will be beaten for one
hour and five minuets until you screw up again then it one hour and ten minutes
so on and so on. So you best be on your best behavior unless you don't give a
shit about your slutty daughter, nor the favor she's sacrifice herself for.
Understand, darling?"

   Linda's eyes darted between her husband and her daughter. She was agonizing
over her daughter's plight and her foreseeable return to the sewage tank.
Nervously and with a quivering voice, Linda responded to her husband. "Yes
Albert I fully understand. I won't give you or your brothers any trouble at
all." She squeaked.

   "Good! Now plant that ugly mug of your on the deck and begin kissing it." Al
sneered.

   Linda leaned forward; press her lips to the deck and started kissing the
metal.

   "Wet, sloppy loud ones, darling." Al cooed.

   Linda complied with Al's command. She left wet slobbering, noisy kisses on
the deck.

   "Good! Now hike that fat ass of your up high, spread them hamhocks nice and
wide, and pooch out that revolting twat," Al giggled.

   Linda skin tone turned to a rosy pink as she took up the humiliating
position, in front of her brother-in-laws, her daughter and the licking woman
called Quack.

   Whack! "Ass higher!" Al slashed his wife's ass with a thin fiberglass rod.

   Linda whined and jacked her rump up higher, as a burning, thin, red line
streaked across both of her buns.

   Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack! "Wider!"

   Tears started to stream from her eyes as her husband slashed the thin rod
against the tender flesh, of her milky white inner thighs. She spread her knees
out as far as they would go.

   Thwack! "More pooch."

   Linda let out a gurgling yelp as the horrid rod slice between her pussy lips
and struck her clit. She bareded down for all that she was worth causing her
urethral prominence to poke out as though she was taking the largest piss of her
life.

   "This is the position you will assume at all times, unless you are directed
to assume another by anyone or thing with a higher status then you. And that my
dear; is every living thing and most non-living things aboard this vessel.
Understand?" Al sneered, as he thrust the fiberglass rod deep into his wife's
twat and twirled it around.

   "Yes, Albert, I understand." Linda groaned, her hue deepening to a darker
pink, as her pussy, was violated by the rod.

   "Yuck!" Thwack! Al slashed the rod across his wife's twat. "That thing is
disgusting! Quack on your back!"

   Gloria tipped herself over and struggled onto her back.

   "Now dear scrape that mug of yours off the deck, straddle Quack's head and
plant that fifthly twat of yours on Quack's mouth.

   Linda quickly complied with her husband's command.

   "Clean it, Quack! Get it hot and sloppy" Barked Al.

   Linda quivered, as she felt Quack's velvet tongue lance into her pussy.

   "Now darling lift your head up and look strait ahead, straighten your back,
thrust them boobies out." Al waited for his wife to comply with his orders. "Now
it's time for a few lessons on shipboard protocol and rules. You are to remain
as you are. If I think that you move out of position, Sweet Pea will get five
minuets added to her next beating for ever inch you do move. Understand?

   "Yes Albert." Linda moaned as Quacks tongue ran across her throbbing clit.

   While I'm teaching you Frank and Bobby are going to amuse themselves with
Sweet Pea. Is that all right with you?"

   Linda noticed that her daughter had been taken down. She now was standing
bent over at the waist on wide spread legs, with her mouth jacked open wide.
Frank's cock was poised at Elizabeth mouth, the thick pulsating purple head
resting on Elizabeth's pouting lips. While Robert, smooth round prick head
rested at the entrance of her daughter's, well whipped snatch. Quivering with
fear, Linda answered. "Yes... AAARRRGGGEEE! OW! OW! Dear God help me!
AAARRRGGGEEE!"

   No sooner then the word "yes" left Linda's lips, her two brother-in-laws
thrust their steely cocks to the balls into her daughter in one swift movement.
While her husband laid several quick, hard blows with the fiberglass rod across
her full, firm left breast. The searing pain made Linda's eyes bulge out and
water, but she remained motionless.

   "Good!" Al chirped as he slashed the rod across right breast. First thing no
more of that fucking noise, you are to remain silent during these lessons.
Unless you are responding to my inquiries." THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! Al
struck each of his wife's breasts twice with the thin rod. Four bright, fiery,
red lines joined their brethren. "Now for the protocols. THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!
THWACK! More lines appeared across the tops of her breasts. "You are to address
everyone you speak to in a loud, crisp, sexy voice, by their name, then their
proper title. THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!   You will refer to my brothers
and me as, "My Lord and Master". THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! "Address your
daughter as "My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress". THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!
THWACK! "You will refer to any one of the female sex slaves as "Slutty, Whorish,
Toy" THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! And the male sex slaves as "Ass Packing
Faggot". THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! "All of the sex slaves will refer to
you as "Slimy, Sludge Meat. THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! "Now for the ten
Standing Orders. THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! THWACK!

   Al struck each of his wife's breasts the same number of time as the standing
order he taught her. He slashed her breasts twice for standing order number one,
a slash for each breast. Linda's breasts received four lashes for standing
number two. Two for each breast so on and so on, for all ten standing orders. Al
finished up with driving the rod into his wife's welted breast tops twenty times
ten for each breast.

   Though she had swayed and rock under the brutal blows of the thin fiberglass
rod across the tops of her battered breasts. Linda had remain with her back as
straight as she could manage. And her breasts thrust out to give her husband an
easy target to strike. She had chewed her lips raw to keep quit. Though several
muffled howls escaped especially towards the end of the lessons. 

   Throughout her lessons she watched her brother-in-laws rape and sodomized her
daughter over and over. Through tear streaked eyes she watched gooey male seed
dripping in long stringy strands from of Elizabeth's mouth, twat and shitter.
Linda had no idea how many times the two men spewed their spunk into her
daughter. But they were still pounding their stiff cock in and out of two of her
holes at the same time.

   Linda watched her husband sit down on the deck between her and their
daughter.

   "Sweet Pea, plant you poop-chute on daddy's fuck rod," Al cooed.

   Linda watched her daughter plopped down on her father's massive thirteen-inch
wrist thick dong. Linda watch in amazement as her daughter shitter gobbled the
entire length of the huge prick meat, all the way to the balls. Though her
husband had fucked her in the ass before, he had never had more the a third of
the massive male organ in her ass at a time. She could not believe that her
pubescent teenage daughter was taking the monstrous prick up her poop-chute as
if she was inserting her little pinkie finger up her rectum.

   Once Elizabeth impaled herself on her father's one-eye monster, Linda watched
Robert sit down in front of his niece and rammed his prick into her twat. When
both men's pricks were in her daughter body, Linda watched Elizabeth bounce up
and down. Her daughter was double fucking herself. Once Elizabeth got up a good
tempo of prick riding, Frank stepped up next to the trio. Linda watched her
daughter crank her head around and open her mouth to allow Frank's hard prick to
slide into her mouth. She closed her mouth tightly around the thick meaty stock.
Wet, slurping, sucking noise were made as Elizabeth bounced up and down. Linda
watched her fourteen-year-old daughter now servicing all three brothers, cocks
at once.

   "Slimy, Sludge Meat, assume your position," Al snapped.

    ""Yes, Albert My Lord and Master." Linda responded in her sexiest voice,
nice and loud and crisply. At the same time she planted her face on the deck,
giving it wet loud kisses. She jutted her rump high in the air, she snapped her
knee as wide apart as she could, and pooched her twat out obscenely. She could
feel her cuntal juices leak down the insides of her thighs that were stirred up
by Quack's talented tongue. The tops of her well-caned breasts rested on the
non-skid surface of the deck. Every time that Linda breathed in and out her
tenderized breasts felt as if a wood raspier was being dragged across them.

   With her face planted to the deck, Linda couldn't see anything but the deck.
However she could hear. She heard her daughter's guttural sensual moans and
groans over her cock sucking. Linda heard her husband's and her two
brother-in-laws make explicit, sexual comments on her daughter's performance.
Obscene, indecent, lewd comments like:

    "What a hot, tight, little ass you have for daddy!"

   "Man-O-man, Elizabeth, if you suck your Uncle Franks fat prick any harder
you'll turn him inside out."

   "That's it Elizabeth milk Uncle Bobbies prong with those vice like cuntal
muscles!"

   There were many more sickly lewd comments, and Linda was sure the guttural
sexual talk was being emphasized just for its humiliating effect for mother and
daughter.

   Linda felt the woman called Quack use her head and hands that had very
limited movement, struggle to get herself back up on her rear end. Once Quack
was sitting on her heinie, she tipped herself forward and plowed into Linda's
dripping pussy. Then resumed her twat licking. Linda imagined how much effort
Quack must have expended in order to lick and suck cunt flesh. Linda shuddered
violently as she also realize the fear that Quack was in, heart wrenching fear
of savage, painful retribution, Albert and his brothers would inflect if the
last order, or any order was not obeyed to the letter. Linda understood that
fear. It was what kept her in the ludicrous position she was in as she listening
to the raping and sodomizing of her daughter. Except for Albert and his
brothers, every single soul aboard the Scorpion showed signs of hideous torture. 

   As his niece warm, moist, sucking mouth slid up and down his fat sausage
Frank looked over at his blushing sister-in-law, and giggled. "Elizabeth, you
are doing a great job with daddy, Uncle Bobby and me, that I think you should
receive a nice reward. I tell you what, we'll let mommy suck all of daddy's
tasty cream from your steamy poop-chute and Uncle's Bobby's sweet cream and your
disgusting, scummy twat juices from that nasty twat, while all of the other toys
watch."

   All three men roared with laughter as Linda's skin tone turned from pink to a
bright red.

   "Will you look at that Elizabeth, mommy is all excited about sucking your
shitter and snatch dry."  Robert giggled.

   "Is that right Quack? Is my wife all excited about sucking her daughter's
sloppy holes out?" Al asked through a fit of giggles.

   With a bubbling, gurgling, muffled response to Al's inquiry, as she continue
her tongue lashing of Linda's pussy that was dripping with pussy cream. "Yes, Al
My Lord and Master. The Slimy, Sludge Meat is hot-to-trot. Slimy, Sludge Meat's,
disgusting snatch is flushing so much juice that it's hard for me to keep up
with the flow and suck all of the rancid cream down my gullet. Yes, Al My Lord
and Master. Slimy, Sludge Meat is very excited about sucking her daughter's
sloppy holes out."

   Linda groaned as her shame and humiliation deepened even further. It was
true. The talent velvet tongue that slithered through her pussy and around her
clit was making her pussy juices flow like they never had before. She could feel
a powerful climax building it's way towards an explosion. However she didn't
have the slightest interest in sucking Albert or Bobby's male seed from her
daughter's shitter and pussy.

   "Don't worry mommy. Daddy, Uncle Frank and Uncle Robert are just about ready
to fill my poop-chute, gullet and twat with their sweet, yummy cream. Then I'll
be over there and let you eat it." Elizabeth chirped sweetly and sexily, as she
continued to bounce and suck the three, fuck-rod that was penetrating her
orifices.

   The three brothers were still cachinnating when Frank noticed Edna slumping
motionless on the exercise cycle. "Yo, Albert, I think Piglet has gone
nightly-night on you."

   A scowl formed across Al's face as he looked at the slumbering teen on the
cycle. "Frank, if the bitch isn't peddling, how come the electricity is not
making her jump and buck in agony?"

   "I'm not sure. Give me a sec." Frank ran his eyes over the cycle's set up.
Alligator clips tightly attached to nipples and clitty, clips properly wired,
wheel generator engage, power switch on, electrical plug attach to ship's
pow...Whoa the plug. "Albert, look at the plug."

   "What the fuck! How did that happen?" Al growled

   "Well Albert if you look at the deck, you'll see a trail of piss and shit
solution running across the plug's wire. I think that Bobbie's faggot pulled it
out of the socket when Bilge Rat dragged him across it." Frank offered.

   Seeing Beth running pass Robert barked "Bilge Rat, get your useless ass over
here pronto, you fucked-up, slimy bitch!"

   "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master what may I do for you?" panted Beth, as she
stood before the four fucking Andersons.

   "Why did you and Piss Ant, do that?" Robert asked.

   Beth followed Robert's pointing finger to the plug lying on the deck. Having
no idea on how the plug had gotten that way, nor what the plug was even for, she
stammered. "I...I...don't...don't....know...
how...how...it...happen...Robe...Eeeekkk! Arrgggeee!" Beth dropped to her knees
when Robert yanked her dangling clit downward. And cried out when Robert ripped
her left hand from her ballooned left breast.

   "You don't know! Well bitch I'm going to give you two some time to ponder why
you two decided to sabotage a piece of equipment.

   "Haul that fucked-up useless ass over to the footlocker, get a set of
handcuffs and snap them around your ankles. Once you ankles are shackled haul
your fucked-up useless ass over to Slimy, Sludge Meat. Unhook the hoist hook
from Slimy, Sludge Meat cable. Attach it to Piss Ant's shit packer. Then hoist
Piss Ant up."

   Weeping Beth complied with Robert's command. When she was standing up on her
toes she stopped lifting her husband into the air.

   "No one told you to stop, Bitch! HOIST!"  Snapped Robert.

   With a trembling finger Beth pushed down on the hoist control lift button.
She strained her long sleek legs in a vain attempt to keep her toes in contact
with the deck. As the last of her connection to the deck lost it's traction
Beth's face crash to the deck. Beth hung from her husband's trussed up balls by
her grossly stretched puss lips. Only her head and the top edges of her shoulder
blades touched the deck. Beth whipped her free hand to her crotch. She grabbed
her husband's cold, hard, trussed up phallus and pulled. It eased some of the
nerve searing pain racing from her groin and spread through her body. Above her
howling she heard Robert bark a single word.

   "HOIST!"

   The pain lancing through her pussy lips increased ten fold as Beth release
her grip on her husband's cock. She couldn't believe how much pain her grip on
her husband's cock had relieved. With her hand trebling Beth reached for the
hoist control. When only the tip of the crown of her head was barely brushing
the deck, another of Robert's single word commands penetrated the foggy haze
clouding her mind.

   "HALT!"

   Beth's free hand streaked to her husband's fuck rod. She grasped it tightly
and with all of her might she pulled herself up. Beth slowly spun, as all
contact with the deck was lost. The agonizing pain in her crotch diminished. She
tightened her grip around her husband's phallus and pulled herself higher. Now
most of the burden of her suspended weight was transferred from balls and pussy
lips to prick and hand.

   Elizabeth stopped her bouncing, as her father and uncles fired their loads of
spunk into her. She sat there wiggling her hips back and forth, with her
father's iron hard, massive cock still buried up her poop-chute and her Uncle
Robert's softening cock snuggled up her snatch, as she finish sucking the last
few drops of her Uncle Frank's sperm down her gullet.

   "Mommy is waiting for you," Al cooed.

   Elizabeth jump off her father and uncle's fuck-rods, she scurried over to her
mother. She jerked her mother's head up by the hair. Elizabeth then assumed the
same position as her mother. Elizabeth thrust her spunk-dripping ass into her
mother's face. "Mommy, suck daddy's sweet cream from my poop-chute."

   Looking over her daughter's up thrust ass, she saw Beth hanging from her
husband's balls by her pussy lips. Linda shuddered. "Yes, Elizabeth My Most Wise
and Wonderful Mistress." Linda responded, then started sucking on her daughter's
rectum. Linda continued to watch Beth struggling to maintain her grip on her
husband's cock and hold herself up by it.

   Suddenly Linda saw Beth release her death grip of her husband's cock, started
bucking wildly and clutching at the collar around her neck. At the same time
Linda heard the multiple, howling screams. From her pass experience Linda knew
that her husband or one of her brother-in-laws had activated the punishment
collars. The only sex-slaves that were unaffected were herself and her daughter,
whose shitter she was sucking. Her own collar had rotted away long ago. Only the
metal parts remain, lying on the bottom of her home. Every now and then as she
squirmed through the muck she would run across a piece.

   Though she couldn't see her daughter's neck, Linda assumed her daughter
didn't have one of the punishment collars on.

   Her husband as he crotch down in front of her, shaking the collars control
box obscured Linda's view of the activities in front of her. His thumb was
holding down the box's highest setting button.

   "Enjoy it darling. It's the last time you and Sweet Pea will get a brake from
the punishment collar for a very long time." Al took his thumb off the button he
was holding down on the collar control box. The blood curdling screams died out
and was replace by agonizing moans and groans.

   Linda watched her husband stand and stroll over the cycle. Thwack! Thwack!
Thwack! Thwack! The young woman sitting on the cycle head snapped back and forth
from Al's powerful blows across her face.

   "Did any one give you permission to stop pumping and take a snooze?" Thwack!
Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! "I don't think so!" Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack!
"What do you have to say for yourself, bitch?" Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack!

   I'm sorry, Al My Lord and Master. I didn't mean too fall asleep. It's just
that I'm so tired. Please forgive me, Al My Lord and Master. Please!" Edna
sobbed.

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! "Yo, guys does, "I'm tired." remotely sound
like a plausible excuse for her to stop pumping?" Al asked his brothers.

   "Nope! Piglet is just lazy. You know that Albert. Shit she always snoozing on
you. Ain't that right Bobby?" Giggled Frank.

   "That's right Frank. She tried the same routine with me when she was suppose
to be cleaning the galley." Robert giggled.

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! "Is that true, Fucktoy? Are you pulling my
chain?" Al snickered, as he grabbed the chains attached to the alligator clips
clamped on Edna's nipples, and jerked down harshly.

   Edna was in a quagmire of despair. Her current predicament was brought on,
when she was caught lying to Al, about the number of times Helen toppled over in
the rump race. But she also knew that according to Standing Order Number Two,
she could never contradict any of the Anderson brothers. She was caught in a
Catch-22 dilemma. Edna looked despairingly at Al.

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! "Well Fucktoy, what do you have to say for
yourself?"

   Gloria who was struggling to get back to Linda's twat, after the shock from
her punishment collar made her topple to the deck in agony. She paused just long
enough to repeat what Frank was telling her to say. "What Frank My Lord and
Master, and Robert My Lord and Master, are saying is true, Al My Lord and
Master. Several times Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, has told me that
she was so very tired. But she always seemed to have the energy to have Noodles
the Faggot, give her a good corn holing. As she is now doing even as you speak
to her." With her speech done Gloria continue her struggles to get back to
Linda's pussy. 

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! "By-George, Quack is right. Frank, Bobby,
will you look at that. Fucktoy is letting that FAGGOT pack her ass." Al said in
a tone that denoted shock and astonishment.

   With her Uncle Robert feeding her lines to her, Elizabeth played her part in
the current torturous play. "Daddy, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, with
her silvery tongue told me that, she could fool you anytime about anything.
Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, is not tired at all daddy. Piglet the sex
crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, only wants to stop her exercising so, Noodles the FAGGOT
and her can get down to some serious poop-chute packing. Piglet the sex crazed
Nymphet Fucktoy doesn't care if she gets so fat the she will look like a hog.
Daddy don't let Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy trick you with that lying
silvery tongue."

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! "Open that maw!" Barked Al

   Al growled, "So Fucktoy you thought that you were going to trick me into
letting you go to bed so that you and the FAGGOT could get into a hot poop-chute
packing party. Tisk, tisk Fucktoy, what would your mother say about this
behavior if she were here? Oh-well I guess that I'm going to, have to discipline
you for her, though it pains me to do so.

   Edna let out a gurgling scream as Al clamped a vice-grip tightly on her
tongue.

   "Lets see, hmmm. I know I'll just slice this... (Al pulled Edna's tongue out
of her mouth with the vice-grips. Holding a sharp knife next to her stretched
out tongue.) ...off so you won't be tempted to waggle it to get you out of your
responsibilities."

   Edna went pasty white with fear as Al pressed the blade against her tongue.
The image of Bonnie's stump flashed through her mind.

   "Shit!" Al cursed, as he pulled the knife away. "I must be becoming an old
softy. I tell you what I'm going to do Fucktoy. I'll give you a choice of either
starting your exercise section over from the beginning." Pressing the knife back
against her tongue. "Or removing this. Witch will it be, Fucktoy?" Al withdrew
the knife from Edna's tongue and let go of the vice-grips.

   With the vice-grip still clamped to her tongue Edna response was very
distorted. "Start over! Al My Lord and Master I would like to start my exercise
session over from the beginning, instead of giving up my tongue. Please Al My
Lord and Master. Let me start over."

   Using her long red hair as a rope Al tied the knife to her head and let it
dangle down "OK, Fucktoy I let you start over. We'll just forget your last ten
hours and reset the timer back to thirty-six hours. You may now start pumping." 

   Edna struggled to peddle the cycle and begin torturing herself. When she had
the cycle up to the required speed, Al plugged the cycle back into the ship's
power supply.

   Al love forcing his victims to choose their own form of torment. All of the
choices were always agonizingly painful but one was always more hideous then the
others. Like this dejected teen, The last thing she wanted to do was to continue
pedaling, but the other choice that he had offered this despondent sex-slave
horrified her so much that she was motivated enough to peddle the cycle for
another thirty-six hours. Al knew that the exhausted teen would never last for
thirty-six hours. Hell she'll be lucky if she lasts another two hours. But he'll
deal with that later.

   Al stepped back to admire the struggling sex-slave torture herself on the
cycle. But he nearly fell when he bumped in to something on the deck. "What the
fuck!" Al yelled, as he looked down to see what he had tripped on. Seeing the
wiggling form of Marsha on the deck he burst out laughing.

   "What's up Albert?" Frank asked, on hearing his brother's yelp and laughter.

   "It's Commode. She attacked me." Responded Al.

   Frank and Robert joined their brother, who was now standing on Marsha. His
heels pressing into her well endowed ballooned, breasts.

   Pain ripped through her breasts as Al ground his heels into them. She would
never attempt to attack Al or his brothers. She feared their retribution too
much to even think about attacking them. Just the normal course of the Anderson
brothers, sadistic games were almost beyond her endurance to withstand.  So she
would never ever attack the Andersons. All she did was to obey Al command he had
given her.

   After the surge of burning electricity from the collar around her neck stop
its coursing through her body, Marsha rolled her toppled body back to where she
had started her trips around the aft deck, walking on her rump, along with the
others. She desperately wanted to tell Al that she didn't attack him. That his
stumbling over her was only an accident. But Marsha knew better so she remained
quit. She also knew that the pain in her breasts from Al's grinding heels was
only the beginning, the beginning of even more hideous, painful torture. Now
that she was the center of Al's attention. Marsha was not disappointed. Within
minutes, her three tormentors had her rig behind the exercise cycle, so that her
pussy was being constantly beaten and electricity surging through her body.

   Marsha's legs were spread wide and secured to the base of the platform the
cycle was on. She was bent over backward over a three foot 2X2 post that was
jabbing into the small of her back. A leather belt secured to the top of the
post to ensure that Marsha would not slip off of the post. The belt had
one-eighth inch long steel spikes lining its inside circumference. The belt was
compressing her waist so tight that her that it threatened to cut her in half.
To keep her bent over backwards on the post, lines ran from the rings embedded
in her ballooned breasts to the deck. Her breasts were pulled so tight that
Marsha thought that her breasts were being pulled off of her chest by the roots.
Her long red hair had been braided and threaded through an eyebolt at the base
of the 2X2 post. Her head was drawn so far back that she thought that her neck
was going to snap. Duct tape secured a dildo in her mouth that had piss and shit
solution pumping down her gullet. The gearing on the wheel that was whipping
Edna's back was change so that it now spun in the opposite direction. The strops
now slash there way across Marsh's twat. A medal dildo that was a foot long and
as wide as Al's thigh was super glued up her shitter. The mammoth dildo spread
her ass so much that her pelvic bones were shoved apart as if she was giving
birth. A wire ran from the base of the dildo to the cycle electrical box. It was
wired so that as long as Edna peddled the cycle, one hundred and twenty-five
volts of electricity would stream into Marsha's body.

   The three brothers had stood back to admire their handy work. They were
amused at the way Marsha's arms were flapping like a bird's wings. Marsha wrists
were still cuffed to the collar around her neck. But her elbows flapped wildly.
The way her hips flared out almost twice there normal dimensions, the way her
waist was squeezed down to a-quarter of its normal girth, and the way the
electricity made her muscles twitch spasmodically. And the way she was
thrashing, bucking, squirming and quivering within the limits of her bondage.

   "That will teach you not to attack me!" Roared Al giddily.

    The three men watch Marsha torment for a few minutes, then they turned their
attention to the rest of the toppled sex-slaves. The brothers inserted fifty
thumbtacks into each meaty ass-cheek and set the sex-slaves on their rumps. 

   "Bitches, get them buns hauling! And you best be hulling them in hi gear!"
Giggled Al

   The three giggling brothers watch their sex-slaves waddled rapidly on their
thumbtack studded rumps.

   "If Quack can right herself and resume her assign task, so can the rest of
you bitches. So you shit-for-brains, lazy ass bitches best not be caught
lounging around again." Snapped Frank.

   Noticing a tack on the deck, Robert grinned, "Each of you worthless sluts
best still have all one hundred tacks in your heinie when check. Five minutes of
ass buzzing for each missing tack."

   With the sex-slaves waddling on their tack-studded rumps as fast as they
could, the three brothers headed for Steve and Beth.

   "Oh, by the way, if any of you useless, pathetic, slugs ever attack my
brothers or me again, Commode's plight will look like a cake walk! UNDERSTAND!"

   Every sex-slave that was able to speak rang out, "Yes, Al My Lord and
Master."

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY 41




   Log Entry Number: 42

   Installing Rings Properly

  

   As he walked with his brothers Al saw his wife with her face still buried in
his daughter's ass, making sucking noises. "Sweet Pea, other hole."

   Elizabeth flipped over onto her back and jutted her cunt into her mother's
face. "Mommy, suck Uncle Robert's sweet cream and my disgusting, scummy twat
juices from my nasty twat."

    "Yes, Elizabeth, My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress." Linda whined, then
started sucking on her daughter's pussy.

   "Fucktoy! I can't hear you!"

   Edna croaked as loud as she could, "MAYDAY! MAYDAY! ANY VESSEL MAYDAY! THIS
IS THE PLEASURE FUCK-YACHT RANDOM FUCK WITH A BITCH AND A FUCKTOY ONBOARD. WE
DESPERATELY NEED TO GET FUCKED. FUCKED IN OUR TWATS, POOP-CHUTES AND MOUTHS. WE
NEED HUGE FAT COCKS IMMEDIATELY. BUT ANY LONG HARD ITEM WILL DO. THIS IS A
URGENT DISTRESS CALL. REPEAT, MAYDAY! MAYDAY! ANY VESSEL MAYDAY! THIS IS THE
PLEAS...." MAYDAY! MAYDAY! ANY VESSEL MAYDAY! THIS IS THE PLEASURE FUCK-YACHT
RANDOM FUCK WITH A BITCH AND A FUCKTOY ONBOARD. WE DESPERATELY NEED TO GET
FUCKED. FUCKED IN OUR TWATS, POOP-CHUTES AND MOUTHS. WE NEED HUGE FAT COCKS
IMMEDIATELY. BUT ANY LONG HARD ITEM WILL DO. THIS IS A URGENT DISTRESS CALL.
REPEAT, MAYDAY! MAYDAY! ANY VESSEL MAYDAY! THIS IS THE PLEAS...." The vice-grip
clamped to her tongue was bobbing around as she spoke made the words she spoke
almost unrecognizable.

   "Yo! Bilge Rat, what ya holding?"

   "Piss Ant's cock, Robert." Beth sobbed.

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Each Anderson brother slashed
Beth's breast twice with leather strops. The strops landed across the top of her
right breast that still had a hand super glued to its bottom.

   "Now Bilge Rat, is that any way to address me?"

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! The strops bit into the
outside of the same breast

   "I don't think so!"

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Four blazing streaks appeared
on the inside of the breast.

   "Quit that sniveling and try again!"

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack!
Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! The strops savagely kissed the nipple of the left melon.

   Beth choked back her howls, "I'm holding Piss Ant's cock, Robert My Lord and
Master."

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Al and his brothers beat the
valley between Beth's breasts.

   "Sweet Pea is that what Bilge Rat is holding?"

   "No Uncle Robert that is not what Bilge Rat is holding."

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! The inside surface of Beth's
right breast was slash by the strops.

   "Then what is she hold, Sweet Pea?"

   "Bilge Rat is holding by baby's wee-wee marine, Uncle Robert.

    Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! The strops kissed the
outside surface of Beth's right breast.

   "Try again slut!"

   Struggling to prevent herself from crying out in anguish Beth chirped, "I'm
holding My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress baby's wee-wee marine, Robert My
Lord and Master."

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! The blows of the three
leather strops danced across the top of Beth's right breast.

   "Did I ask for the owner of that thing?"

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Six fiery lines sprung up on
the bottom of Beth's bloody right breast.

   "I don't think so!"

   Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Thwack!
Thwack! Thwack! Thwack! Beth's right rosy pink nipple turned purple from the
onslaught of the three leather strops.

   "Try again, slut!"

   "I'm holding baby's wee-wee marine, My Lord and Master, Robert." sobbed the
dangling sex slave.

   "Why?" Robert ask, as Al hung a five pound weight on Beth's left breast ring,
while at the same time Frank hung a similar weight on the right breast ring.

   Beth tightened her grip on her husband's cock as ten pounds of lead increased
her weight she was supporting. "My pussy lips, Robert, My Lord and Master! They
hurt so bad!"

   "Does holding Piss Ant's dong help?" Five more pounds were added to each of
Beth's breasts.

   Beth was struggling to hold her own weight up plus twenty extra pounds. "Yes!
Yes, holding baby's wee-wee marine helps. It helps a lot. Robert, My Lord and
Master."

   "Well how does Piss Ant feel about it? After all he has a tummy ache." 
Robert giggled as he slammed his fist into Steve's piss bloated gut, as his
brothers added ten more pounds to Beth's breasts.

   Steve's glassy eyes bulge out and an agonizing howl escape passed the dildo
tape in his mouth. He shuddered violently. Piss, shit, bile and blood streamed
from his nose.

   "I...I don't know, angry maybe? Robert, My Lord and Master."

   "Is that all? Just angry? Don't you think that grip you have on Piss Ant's
dong is causing him a teensy-weensy bit of pain?" Another ten pounds were added.

   Of course she knew her husband's was in pain from her hanging from her
husband groin. But she was certain that holding herself up by his prick not only
ease the pain in her pussy lips but it also ease the pain in her husband's
sensitive testis. After all there wasn't a pulse in the stone cold phallus. It
had been cut off from blood flow ever since Sports Day.

   "No, Robert, My Lord and Master. I don't think baby's wee-wee solder can no
longer feel anything." Beth's felt her hand slid slightly down her husband's
cold shaft, as she fought with the forty extra pounds of weight.

   Robert tied twenty pounds of weight to Beth's clit and dropped it.

   Beth screamed as she ripped her right hand from her right breast and rushed
it towards her husband's cock. But it arrived too late. Beth screamed even
louder as her left hand slid off her husband's cock. Beth was now dangling from
her cunt lips with sixty extra pounds twenty from each breast and twenty from
her clit.

   Al and his brothers collapsed to the deck laughing as they watch Beth howled
and thrash madly about. They watched while Beth hands lanced to her crotch and
grope for her husband's dong. They watched their sex-slave grasped the truss up,
plum colored fuck-rod dangling above her. They watch their athletic sex slave,
arms strain with the effort of lifting her convulsing body and sixty pounds of
dead weight up.

   When Beth's ululations died down to pathetic whimpering, Al looked over at
his wife, "Darling have you ever seen any thing so hilarious. Isn't Bilge Rat
funnier then that whined slut Shelly Long, funnier then that go-go whore Goldie
Hawn? Hell, Bilge Rat is even funnier then that, dike bitch Ellen. I think that
Bilge Rat should win an Oscar for the best nasty twat in a comedy. Don't you
think so darling?"

   Tears streamed down Linda's face in sympathy for the woman held in midair
only by her pussy lips. It wasn't funny at all. It was gruesome. It was ghastly,
perverted thing to do. No it wasn't funny at all. Not at all! Everything her
husband and her two brother-in-laws did was horrific.

   However Linda stop sucking her daughter's cunt to respond, "No, My Lord and
Master, Albert. I have never seen anything so hilarious. The Slutty, Whorish,
Toy, Bilge Rat has the funniest comedy act that I have ever seen. The Slutty,
Whorish, Toy, Bilge Rat should win the Oscar for her comedic twat performance."

   Linda shuddered as she plowed her face back into her daughter's pussy and
resumed her sucking. She couldn't believe the number of grisly, lurid, sadistic
things she had witness in the brief time she had be let out of the sewage tank.
She couldn't image the myriad of sadistic tortures or the multitude of hapless
victims that had taken place during her two-year incarnation in the sewage tank.

   How could she been fooled for over twelve years. There must have been
something that should reveal her husband's true nature. There must have been
something, before she barged into her daughter's bedroom and discovered her
husband's sadistic world.

   Beth was gasping heavily in quick, short, raspy breath, as she held herself
up with an iron grip on her husband's stone cold prick. Through tear filled eyes
saw her Lords and Masters hovering above her. And Robert's sickly, sweet voice
filtered into her ears.

   "Bilge Rat, did your clitty feel that little tug?"

   "Little tug? Hell that bastard, drop twenty pounds of lead with my poor clit
tied to it. Did I feel it? God it nearly ripped my clit off." Beth thought to
herself, as she looked into the three grinning faces above her.

   The base of her clitoris and its crus were still burning and causing wave
after wave of excruciating pain to ripple through her, as the twenty pounds
dangled from her clit.

   Beth sucked in a deep breath and tightened her grip on the cold, hard cock,
as each of her Lord and Masters added a ten-pound weight to her breasts and
clit.

   "Yes, Robert, My Lord and Master, I felt that little tug on my clitty."

   "Well then, Bilge Rat, don't you think that Piss Ant can feel you holding his
dong like that?" Beth was bestowed with another thirty pounds.

   Beth only weighed one hundred and eighteen pounds. Now she was battling to
hold up one hundred and twenty pounds of lead along with her own. Beth was
losing. Even as she tightened her grip she could feel her husbands cock sliding
through her hands.

     "Yes, Robert, My Lord and Master. I do think that baby can feel me holding
his wee-wee marine."

   "You do! Then Bilge Rat don't you think you should take your grimy hands off
Piss Ant's dong?"

   Beth looked up at her tormentors, pleadingly. The cruel, sadistic faces
staring down at her show absolutely no hint of concern or pity. "Please, Robert,
no. Please, my pussy, the extra weight. Please don't make me..."

   "Bilge Rat if you don't let go of Piss Ant's dong, my brothers and I are
going to do a little carving. We'll cut off all of your fingers, toes, ears,
nose, tongue, boobies and clitty. We'll leave you with one thumb so you will
have something to stick up your shitter."

   Al placed a pair of garden shears around the bridge of Beth's nose. Frank and
Robert each grabbed one of Beth's ears and held dull knives against the ears.
The dull knifes would tear through Beth's ears more then cut them.  

   "Release that dong now and no caterwauling when you do it. NOW SLUT!"  Robert
growled.

   Beth snapped open her hands. She dropped towards the deck until her pussy
lips took up the entire Two hundred and thirty eight pounds. Despite Robert's
command Beth let out a continuos blood-curdling scream, as she thrashed and
bucked.

   Beth's hands groped for her husband's cock, not caring if the Anderson
brothers carried out Robert's threat. All she wanted was relieve from the
horrific pain she was now experiencing. Suddenly Beth found herself on the deck,
squirming around in agony. Then the blissful shroud of the Sandman enveloped her
as he escorted her to the Land of Nod.

   "Aw, it broke." Al stated sorrowfully, as he grabbed Beth's cuffed ankles.
"Get the fuck out of my way!" He growled, kicking his daughter in the head.

   Elizabeth quickly, crabbed crawl on her back to get out of her father's way.

   Al positioned the unconscious sex-slave's bleeding twat under his wife's
head. Then Al slammed the heel of his hand into the back of his wife's head. "I
best not find a single drop of blood on my deck."

   Linda clamped her mouth over Beth's split left pussy lip and started to suck
the blood that was bleeding profusely from it. Then Linda sucked up the blood
coming out of the damage right pussy lips. Back to the left lips then the right.
Linda switched her mouth back and forth between the two ripped, bleeding pussy
lip, in an attempt to keep Beth's blood off of her husband's deck. Bile roared
up from Linda's stomach and spewed over Beth's snatch. Which, Linda sucked back
down her gullet as she sucked up Beth's blood.

   Quack stop playing with that disgusting snatch and get your ass over here
pronto!" Bellowed Robert.

   Gloria stopped her tongue action with Linda's pussy, struggled up on her
rump, then waddled on it to where Robert was standing.

   "What are these?" Robert asked as he flicked the rings that had ripped out of
Beth's pussy, with his index finger.

   "Bilge Rat's nasty twat rings, Robert My Lord and Master." Gloria responded.

   "Then what are they doing up there, instead of being where they belong?"
Robert inquired.

   "Robert My Lord and Master they were ripped out when you....UGH!" Gloria's
response was cut short when Robert punched her in the face.

   "Yep, they sure did. What do you think cause them to rip out?" snickered
Robert, as he quizzicality asked Gloria.

   "Robert My Lord and Master too much weight made Bilge Rat's twat rings ri...
AAARRRGGGEEE!

   Grabbing a hand full of Gloria's hair he hauled her up by it until her eyes
were level with Beth's ripped out pussy lips rings. "It looks to me like it was
caused by shoddy installation. What do you think?" Inquired Robert, as he shook
Gloria by her hair.

   Gloria knew that the ripping out of the rings from Beth's pussy lips was
cause by the load that the flesh was subjected to. Not how the rings were
inserted into the lip flesh. But she answered, "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master
Robert My Lord and Master the installation I perform on Bilge Rat twat rings was
done very shoddily. I'm sorry Robert My Lord and Master."

   "Isn't this the second time you've fucked-up installing these twat rings?"
Robert growled, as he dropped Gloria.

   "Yes it is, Robert My Lord and Master. I'm sorry for being a totally fuck-up,
worthless, bitchy, whore that doesn't know how to do anything right. I'm very
sorry, Robert My Lord and Master.

   Robert hooked his index finger of his free hand through Gloria's cunt lip
rings. "Who installed these?" Robert asked as he yanked on the rings.

   "My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress, Sweet Pea, install the rings in my
nasty twat." Sobbed Gloria, as pain lanced through her pussy.

   As Robert lower the hoist that Steve was hanging from, he snickered, "They
look to be installed very well. What do say we test them?"

   Gloria wanted to yell out, "NO!" She wanted to shout, "NO MORE PAIN!" She
wanted to scream at the top of her lungs, "FREE ME!" But instead she chirruped
as if she was excited by the idea. "Oooo, Yes, Robert My Lord and Master. Pretty
please Robert My Lord and Master, test my nasty twat rings. Pleeeease, do that
for me. I beg you Robert My Lord and Master, to test the twat rings that My Most
Wise and Wonderful Mistress, Sweet Pea installed in my nasty twat. Pretty please
Robert My Lord and Master."

   "No problem, Quack!" Robert chuckled, as he attached Gloria's pussy rings to
Steve's balls.

   Gloria, howled as she was hoisted up in the air by her pussy lips.

   "SHUT THE FUCK UP! Robert growled, as he pushed Gloria.

   Gloria choked back her howls as she swung like a pendulum. She looked between
her ballooned breasts, down her lean torso to her crotch. She saw Steve's ashy,
dark purple, trussed up cock jutting down towards her head. She wholeheartedly
wished that she could grab the rigid hunk of male flesh like Beth had done. But
her wrist were secured to the punishment collar around her neck, denied her that
luxury. So she just hung there swinging by her pussy lips fighting the urge to
scream.

   "Looks like it's holding to me," Robert stated, as he jabbed his index finger
into Gloria's stretch cuntal tissue. "Sweet Pea's installation seems to be very
well done. Don't you think so, Quack?"

   "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master. My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress, has
done a superb job on installing my twat rings." Gloria knew that if she didn't
thrash and jerk around too much or additional weight wasn't added that the ring
in her pussy lips would not rip out. There would be the pain though. Agonizing,
relentless pain but her flesh wouldn't be ripped open.

   "Ya! My sweet little daughter is a studious, little worker. But just to be on
the safe side, Bobby, I think that Quack should have a safety harness. Just in
case. We would not want a worker's compensation clam filled against us now would
we?" Giggled Al, as he tapped the head of his cock and hooked his two index
fingers together.

   A wide grin spread across Robert's face, "Quack, what do you think about Al's
suggestion? Would you like a safety harness, just in case Sweet Pea's
craftsmanship turns out to be as shoddy as yours?"

   Gloria didn't know what the Anderson brothers were up to now, but she knew
that she was not going to like it. "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master, I think that
My Lord and Master, Al, idea is a marvelous one. I would very much like to have
a safety harness. Please may I have a safety harness, just in case My Most Wise
and Wonderful Mistress, Sweet Pea craftsmanship is as shoddy as my own."

   Gloria watched Frank hand a double halyard clip to Robert. Her eyes followed
the halyard as it was snapped over the ring running through the bulbous head of
Steve's cock. Her eyes widened and she started trembling when she saw where the
other end was heading.

   "There! Now if your twat rings slip out your clitty will catch you." Robert
chuckled, as he released the lines that were keeping Gloria's breasts wrapped
around her thighs.  "You wouldn't mind holding these would you?" Frank and
Robert, attached a five pound weight to each of Gloria's breasts.

   An agonizing squeal escaped through Gloria's tightly clenched lips, as her
just freed breasts and pussy lips were stretched. Knowing that thrash about
wildly would do nothing but add to her agony, and possibly rip the ring out of
her pussy lips then her clit Gloria hung passively. Her only movement was a
slight jerking and swaying that was transmitted through joined gentile flesh, as
Steve bucked madly about.

   Steve had been thrashing and bucking in shearing, anguishing pain, ever since
his wife dragged him out of the engine room on his piss filled gut by his balls.
He screamed the entire time. Oh, how he screamed, but only very muffled squeaks
manage to escape pass the huge rubber dildo that stuffed his mouth. When Robert
smashed his fist into Steve's piss bloated gut, Steve got a brief reprieve from
his pain as he slid into blissful unconscious. When Steve return from his
peaceful slumber, he felt the tissues and muscles rip and tear as his wife held
on to his prick. He felt every pound added to his wife in the root of his groin.
When Beth released her grip from around his prick the pain that shot through his
balls returned Steve to the nether world of slumber. When Steve's consciousness
returned he had the tall redheaded doctor hanging from his balls by her pussy
lips. His balls felt the extra weight that the Andersons added to the redhead
below him. Steve bucked, thrashed, and howled madly, as he continued his
spiraling decent into the abyss of purgatorial agony.

   "Would you like to learn how to properly install rings into disgusting, nasty
twats like these?" Robert asked, digging his index finger into Gloria's
stretched pussy lips where the rings pierced her flesh.

   "Yes, Robert My Lord and Master, I would like to learn how to install rings
into disgusting, nasty twats like the rings in my disgusting, nasty twat."

   "Sweet Pea, ring kit!" Robert snapped.

   Elizabeth scurried over to the footlocker and retrieved the piercing kit that
her uncle wanted.

   "Two collars!" Bellowed Al.

   With a deep mournful sigh, Elizabeth picked up two of the black color,
leather punishment collars.

   "Put one on, Sweet Pea." Al cooed to his daughter.

   With shaking hands, Elizabeth fitted one of the collars snugly around her
slim neck and locked it in place. She let her finger roam over the cool leather.
Elizabeth shivered knowing that the collar at any moment could send
nerve-searing jolts of electricity through her and any other collar wearer's
bodies.

   "Mommy gets the other."

   Elizabeth secured over to her mother and fitted the other collar snugly
around her mother's neck. She was about to fasten the lock when her father
bellowed.

   "TIGHTER!"

   Elizabeth pulled the collar around her mother's throat down another notch
making it very tight.

   "Sweet Pea, if you don't start listening to daddy, you will take Fucktoy's
place."

   Elizabeth pulled the collar down three more notches to the last notch in the
collar. When her father remained quit she snapped lock closed.

   Linda was having trouble just to exchange air due to the collar her daughter
had tightly placed around her neck. The collar was so tight that folds of skin
were puffed around and over the edges of the collar. The one-eighth inch long
studs dug deeply into her throat. Every time Linda sucked in a mouthful of
Beth's blood from the split pussy lips, Linda had to struggle to swallow and get
the blood pass the restrictive collar and down her gullet.

   While Robert swung the boom that Steve and Gloria were hanging from behind
Linda's up thrust rump, Al crotch down next to his wife. Al reached between his
wife's wide spread legs. Thrusting his fingers into his wife's cunt and latched
on to her clit. Al pulled the clit out of its warm moist hiding place into the
open jaws of the garden sheers. "Darling, your daughter is going to teach Quack
how to properly install twat ring. If you move that fat worthless ass...SNIP,
SNIP!" Al closed the blades of the sheers just enough to put pressure of the
sharp blades on his wife's clit. "Sweet Pea!"

   Linda cringed, shook violently and screamed, into the bloody pussy her face
was buried in as her daughter pierced her pussy lips and inserted rings into
them. But she remained in her degrading position.

   "CLITTY" Al bellowed.

   Linda snapped her legs closed, dropped her rump down onto her heels and
howled at the top of her lungs into Beth's pussy. At first she thought that her
husband had gone ahead and cut her clit off. But after the initial wave of
agonizing pain washed through her she still felt the cold sheer blades pressing
against her still present clit, and the sharp points of the sheers pressing into
her pussy mound.

   "Sweetheart, your daughter isn't done yet. Resume your position." Al cooed,
as he tighten the sheers against his wife's clit.

   Shuddering with relief, Linda jacked her rump up, thrust her knees as wide
apart as she could and pooch out her pussy, as she continue to suck blood from
Beth's pussy.

   Elizabeth fed a ring through the hole she punched through her mother's clit
that her father was stretching and threatening to clip off. For the millionth
time Elizabeth wished that her mother had not barged into her bedroom that
fateful day two years ago. Though she was glad that she had manage to get her
mother released from the sewage tank, she shuddered and wept as she pictured
her, mother's "medical bill" payments, as promise by her father. God; how she
wished that Helen had never born.

   "TITTIES!'

   Elizabeth plopped onto her back between her mother's wide spread knees. Then
slithered under her mother torso like an auto mechanic going under a car for
repairs. Elizabeth grasped her mother's large plump nipple of her left breast;
she then centered the piercing punch just behind the dark, pimply aureole and
snapped the punch close. After Elizabeth, slipped a ring through just holed
breast tissue, Elizabeth adorned her mother's right breast with another ring.

   Elizabeth watched the gleaming bits of medal in her mother quivering, full,
breasts. Suddenly a sharp stingy pain flashed through her left cheek. Elizabeth
wanted to scream out but she knew better. She lay the passively as her left
cheek was stung once again.

   "Those are for mommy's flabby sacks," Chuckled Al.

   Elizabeth reached up next to her sting cheek and picked up the two
rubberbands that were lying on the deck. She slipped one of the rubberbands over
and to the base of her mother's left breast that was dangling above her. The
other rubberband went around the base of the right. POP! POP! Two more
rubberbands stung Elizabeth cheek.

   "THE REST BEST BE DOUBLE!

   Elizabeth place the restrictive band around her mother's firm, ample left
breast, then she pulled the band back out from the breast gave the band a full
twist and reworked it over her mother's breast. The rubberband was now squeezing
the large breast very, very tightly.

   Elizabeth glanced down at her own little buds. She had once dream and pray
that her chest would fill out as large, full and firm as her mother's. She knew
men adored large breasted women. She had watched men even young boys from her
school ogle, leeringly at her mother's breasts. So she had prayed very hard
every day that her chest would develop the same 40-DD breasts of her mother's. 
But now she didn't even want the small nubs that were sprouting. After
witnessing the myriad forms of hideous tortures that her father and uncles
bestowed upon the multitude of large breasts in their clutches, she wanted
nothing to do with well-endowed mammary glands. Mater of fact she now was
praying that the buds that were now present on her chest would shrivel up and
disappeared.

   Not only did her father and uncles love large breasts, but also they wanted
those breasts to be super firm. The rubberbands around the base of each
sex-slave's breasts ensure that they were firm. The elastic bands compressed and
squeezed breast tissue removing any hint of droopiness. Normally ten rubberbands
around the base of each breast pulled the skin taunt and compressed the base of
the breasts. It made them jut out like balloons. But when her father finally
stopped popping her left cheek with rubberbands, each base of her mother's
breasts were being compressed by thirty of the bands. The bands were pulling the
skin so taunt over the ballooned surface of the breast that they appeared to be
ready to burst.

   "Quack! Now that you've seen Sweet Pea show you how, it's time to reinstall
Bilge Rat's twat rings." Chuckled Robert."

   A Y-strap with three lanyard clips hit Elizabeth in the head. Without being
told Elizabeth attached the two upper clips of the Y-strap to the rings in her
mother's newly installed breasts rings and the third clip to her mother's clit
ring. Once the Y-strap was hooked to the three points, Elizabeth shortened the
Y-strap.

   Linda's gasped and groaned as her breasts were dragged downwards and her clit
was dragged upwards, as her daughter shorten the Y-strap until the three lanyard
clips touched.

   "Sweet Pea! Stop playing with mommy and get your lazy ass up here."

   Elizabeth scrambled from under her mother and up on her feet. She saw her
father and Uncle Frank were holding, Beth up by her ankles.

   "Sweet Pea, look at mommy shivering. I think mommy has got a chill. Why don't
you warm mommy's tushie up, for her?"

   Elizabeth scurried over to her father; retrieve the leather strop that he was
holding, then scurried back behind her mother. As Elizabeth began "warming" her
mother's rear with the leather strop, she continue to watch Beth's plight.

   They were stretching Beth's legs so wide that Beth was on the verge of being
snapped in two like a wishbone. Beth's arms were secured behind her back at the
wrist and elbows. However, as Beth torso twisted and thrashed about, she was
struggling to get her hands to her pussy. Beth was pleading desperately to all
three of Elizabeth relatives. The only response Beth got from the three men was
cold, cackling laughter. Elizabeth watched her Uncle Robert swing Gloria, who
was still hanging from her pussy lips by Steve's balls, over Beth's pussy.

   "And they best be put in properly this time. Just like Sweet Pea showed you
on, Sludge." Robert growled.

   Beth howled, as for a third time her pussy lips were pierced and ringed.

   With Beth's pussy lips repierced, Elizabeth watched her Uncle Robert released
Gloria from Steve's balls and drop Gloria to the deck. With Beth thrashing and
bucking in an apoplectic fit, and howling with frantic, hysterical, pleads, as
her father and Uncle Frank held Beth under Steve, while Uncle Robert fastened
Steve's balls and Beth's new pussy lip rings together.

   As if a light switch was flip Beth froze as if she had gazed upon Medusa and
had been turned to stone, as her pussy lips took up the strain of her body
weight and the one hundred and twenty pounds of steel. Beth's feverish begging
continued as Al released the bindings around Beth's arms. No sooner than her
arms were freed Beth's hands zoomed to her husband's hard, cold cock. Once
Beth's hands had a death grip on the purple phallus she lifted herself up,
easing the immense pain spiking through her pussy.

   Beth didn't know how long her overwork; straining muscles could continue to
hold her up. Already her slender hands were slipping down her husband's cock.
Beth knew that when her hands completely slip off of her husband's trussed up
cock the rings in her pussy would rip out again. The ripped tissue from the
second set of rings was still bleeding. The blood flowed down Beth's inverted
torso before dripping onto the deck below.

   "Sweet Pea, mommies nasty twat looks a bit nippy." Al chuckled.

   Elizabeth changed the angle of her swing and slammed the leather strop across
her mother's gaping pussy. Elizabeth alternated the blows from the leather strop
between her mother's rump and pussy.

   Though the blows from her daughter stung like the dickens, especially the
ones to her pussy, Linda remained in her position kissing the deck with noisy
wet kisses. Her just pierced flesh was burning and throbbing intently especially
her breasts and clit that were being drawn together.

   "Well, Bilge Rat, would we like to continue our little jog around the
Scorpion, or do we need to hang around while we spend a little more time to
ponder our behavior?" Giggled Robert.

   "My Lord and Master, Robert, I would like to continue to jog around the
Scorpion." Beth gasped.

   "All right, Bilge Rat, but remember if we're caught tampering with any other
piece of equipment, the other toys, or yourself, your current pains will seem
like loving caresses. Robert scowled as he released Steve from the hoist hook.
Beth crashed to the deck, with Steve atop of her. "Are we going to perform any
further acts of sabotage?"

   Fighting to keep from screaming, Beth responded to Robert in short gasping
stuttering utterance, "I will not sabotage anything else, Robert My Lord and
Master."

   "Then haul them buns!"

   Beth struggled to her feet and took off running dragging her husband by his
balls behind her with her pussy lips. Though she was trying to run as fast as
she could Beth's speed was only barely above a power walk speed.  Between the
two hundred and forty pounds of her squirming husband hanging from her pussy
lips and the one hundred and twenty pounds of lead swing from her breasts and
clit, gave Beth an extra three hundred and sixty pounds to run with. But it was
better then trying to hold herself up by her husband's cock so the third set of
rings would not rip through her tattered pussy lips.

   "Sweet Pea, go get your shipboard clothes, then go to the cargo hold and get
a throttle, and two fifty pound weights. Then return here with the items,
pronto. I will keep mommy warm until you return." Al cooed.

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY 42




   Log Entry Number: 43

   Rewarding Hard Work

  

   "AAARRRRGGGGEEEE!!!"

   As Elizabeth took off running to carry out her assign task, Linda howled when
her husband took over her "warming". Al powerful strokes kept Linda "warm" by
only beating her cunt.

   Linda wanted desperately to close her legs and move out of the way of the
strop that was lashing her pussy. But after seeing the rings rip out of Beth's
pussy lips, and the positions that Marsha and Edna were in, Linda didn't want to
risk winding up in a similar predicament or maybe even worse. So Linda remained
in her position kissing the deck between howls.

   "On your feet darling, your daughter wants to show you something." Al cooed.

   Do, to the way her breasts and clit were being drawn together by the Y-strap
clips, Linda remained haunch over like a chimp, as she struggled to her feet.
Linda gasped in horror as she watched her fourteen-year-old daughter step into a
pair of rubber bikini panties that had two monstrous metal dildos jutting out of
the panties, crotch strip. Linda watched her daughter pull and squirm until the
monstrous metal dildos were buried deep in the pubescent teen's snatch and
shitter and the panties were fully in place.

   "Show mommy your training bra." Al cooed.

   Elizabeth walked up to her mother and turned the bikini bra inside out.

   Tears of sorrow flowed from Linda's eyes as she saw the little steel spikes
imbedded in the small cups of the bra. Linda wanted to reach out and console her
daughter, but the rusted steel shackles around her wrist and elbows kept her
hands pined behind her back, as she watch her daughter struggle in to the tight
fitting bra.

   "Buzz the twat and vibe the poop-chute." Al chuckled.

   Linda watch her offspring plug wires into the panties crotch that led to a
box that was being held in front of her eyes. She watched Elizabeth flip a
switch marked twat dong to shock and a switch marked poop-chute dong to vibrate.
Linda could hear a low buzzing noise and watch her daughter's stomach muscles
ripple.

   "Add your new companions, Sweet Pea." Al chuckled.

   With the monstrous metal dildos buzzing and vibrating inside her, Elizabeth
scurried over to the two fifty pound weights and attached them to her ankles.

   "Now Sweet Pea get a tube of super glue from the footlocker and bring the
glue and throttle over to me."

   Elizabeth started to shuffle over to the footlocker, but stop suddenly and
begin to tremble, as her father bellowed.

   "SWEET PEA!!! You best lift them dainty feet and their buddies completely off
the deck with each step or else."

   Linda watched her daughter struggle to lift her knee to her chest in order to
lift not only her foot off the deck but the fifty pounds of steel off the deck
also. Her daughter's thigh and calf muscles were bunching up and twitching with
effort, with each step.

   "AAArrrgggeee!!" Colorful streaks of light sprang up behind Linda's eyes as
she howled from the impact of Al's hand smacking the back of her head, as he
bellowed.

   "POSITION!!!"

   Linda dropped to her knees, she spread them as wide as she could, hoisted her
rump up high, pooch out her pussy, then planted her nose on the deck and laid
continuous noisy, wet kisses upon it.

   "Install it, Sweet Pea," Al cooed.

   Linda screamed and dropped her ass down, as her daughter drove the throttle
to its base up her rectum.

   "Time to teach Titless how to perform her duties. Sweet Pea, get a
container." Giggled Al.

   As Elizabeth retrieve one of the plastic gallon containers from the storage
locker, while her father was hooking the hoist hook to the throttle sticking out
of her mother's shitter, as her uncles undogged the sewage tank hatch.

   Linda screamed louder, as she was hoisted off the deck by the throttle
imbedded in her ass. She thought that her guts were being ripped out. Once she
was dangling over the sewage tank Al press the free fall button and Linda
plummeted into her home of the past two years. She was truly grateful when the
ripping pain in her rectum stopped. She struggled to keep her head above the
slimy muck she was laying on the bottom of the sewage tank, but at less the
horrible wrenching pain in her gut had stop. As Linda's eye grew accustom to
murky darkness of her home she saw Susan huddled against the sloping side of the
tank looking at her in bewilderment.

   "Darling tell Titless what her job is," Al giggled.

   Linda looked mournfully at the woman who had taken her place in the sewage
tank. "Titless, when ever the lights come on....Aaaarrrgggeee!"

    Linda blinked rapidly as the four powerful floodlights flooded the gloomy
tank with light while at the same time the tank's semi-liquid contents was
charge with electricity.

   Linda was gasping for breath and she saw Susan struggling to get her head
back above the muck after the serge of electricity faded away. "A container will
be lowered..."

   Elizabeth lowered the plastic container she had retrieved, into the tank with
her mother and Susan.

    "...You are to suck in a mouthful of piss and shit. Swoosh the solution
around your mouth. As you swoosh, use your tongue to locate and squish out any
lumps you find. Then spit the lump free piss and shit in to the plastic
container. Then you use your body to stir the sludge up before taking in another
mouthful. After each and every lumpless, mouthful is deposited into the plastic
container you are to stir the sludge up, before the next mouthful is gathered.
Your are to repeat this cycle until no more plastic containers are lowered and
the hatch is closed."

   "Demonstrate, darling," Al chuckled.

   Linda complied with her husband's command. When she had the container filled,
her daughter hauled it out of the sewage tank and lowered another, which Linda
also filled.

   "Darling, knell under the hatch, tilt your head back, open your maw and
drink."

   Linda assumed the commanded position and gulped down the piss and shit that
her daughter dump on her, as the lights in the sewage tank went out. When the
solution stop cascading over her the hatch cover was slammed shut, pluming the
two women into total darkness. Both women remained where they were. Linda on her
knees under the hatch, and Susan on her side huddled against the sloping side of
the tank. Neither, women spoke. The only noise in the tank was shallow breathing
and the noise of droplets dripping off of Linda into the muck below. Those
sounds were soon drowned out by the thunderous booms that reverberating through
the sewage tank.

   Above them on the aft deck Elizabeth was lifting her left foot high enough to
lift the fifty-pound weight attached to her ankle a foot above the deck, then
let the weight drop to the deck. Once her left foot was on the deck she repeated
the same step with her right foot. Elizabeth continued her high stepping in
place, as her father and uncles gathered around the gurgling, thrashing, nearly
unconscious form of Edna upon the cycle.

   "Fucktoy, I thought you told me that you would complete your full thirty-six
hours of exercise. Now here it is only three and a half, hours later and you've
stop peddling. Not only are you being neglectful with your exercise but also
you're depriving Commode's twat from its sweet kisses and her poop-chute from
its lovely buzzing. What do you think we should do to you for being so bad?"

   Edna wanted vehemently to tell Al that she just could no longer peddle. Her
long, sleek legs had knotted up and refused to move. No mater how hard she tried
to move them they would not budge. She wanted to plead with Al to forgive her
for stopping her "exercising". But the only thing the searing electricity, that
was coursing through her via her nipple and clit, would escape from her mouth
was gurgling, spittle flying, raspy howls. While her body went through spastic
bucking upon the cycle.

   "Albert, maybe Piglet is a bit tired. Maybe she needs just a tiny-bit of help
to complete her exercise period?" Giggled Frank.

   "Ya, maybe you're right, Frank. Go ahead and give her some aid." Al giggled
back.

   At first Edna wanted to thank Frank for talking his brother into giving her
aid. But that thought of platitude was washed away after Frank flipped some
switches on the cycle's control box.

   The exercise cycle started peddling its self; at twice the speed she had
peddled it. Her tits and clit were being pulled and stretched at thirty miles
per hour. The mammoth dildo was hammering her cunt at the same speed. Behind her
Marsha's cunt was being beaten just as fast. For five more minutes the
electricity ate its way through her body, then the current switch to Marsha's
body through the massive dildo up Marsh's poop-chute. Five minutes later it
slammed back into Edna. Back and forth the electricity jump, as the cycle
peddled itself.

   The three Anderson brothers were howling with laughter as they made there way
back to the sewage tank and open its hatch.

    "Darling, get out of the way, its Titless, turn!" Al growled.

   Both women in the sewage tank thrashed around in the muck and howled in pain,
when the floodlights flicked on and electricity surge through the muck. When the
current stop Linda scooted away from the hatch opening to the opposite side of
the tank from where Susan was huddling.

   With Susan's wrists cuffed to her collar, her legs bent up through the crooks
of her arms and secured behind her head. And with a throttle glued up her
shitter, Linda realized that Susan could do nothing but lie on her back or
stomach and squirm over to the dangling plastic container. Linda watched Susan
squirm through the muck barely keeping her head above the sludge. Linda watched
Susan lower her head into the sludge just enough to fill her mouth up with it.
After observing Susan's cheeks puff out from her tongue pressing against Susan's
inter cheeks, Linda watched Susan squirm around until she was propping herself
up on her left elbow, cranking her neck and eject the contents of her mouth onto
the plastic container. Susan then plopped on her back and wiggled back and forth
in the sludge to stir in up before filling her mouth up again. Over and over
Susan went through the cycles until she had filled up two of the containers.
Then like Linda, Elizabeth dumped the contents of the container over Susan's
head as Susan gulped down as much as she could.

   Without warning Linda was dragged across the sewage tank, into Susan and up
out of the sewage tank by the throttle super glued up her shitter. Linda was
then swung over the stern. Al hit the free fall lever and Linda plunged into the
waters of the cove. She was dragged back and forth through the water behind the
stern. Linda thrashed about wildly, fighting to get back to the surface. As she
fought, she thought that her husband was going to drown her. But as her
struggling ebbed due to a lack of oxygen Linda was hoisted back aboard the
Scorpion and was allowed to free fall to the deck. Linda lay upon the deck
gasping as her husband snapped a pair of leg irons with a six-inch chain onto
her ankles.

   "On your feet, darling!" Growled Al, as he unhooked the throttle from the
hoist.

   Linda was still gasping for air when she struggled to her feet, haunch over
like a chimp. She watch her husband hook her daughter's left hand to her collar
and place a tube of super glue between the cups of the bikini bra.

    "Sweet Pea, when you catch up with Bilge Rat put her hands back where they
belong." Al cooed, as he swatted her rump with a powerful blow.

   Linda watched her young teenage daughter high step towards the bow of the
Scorpion. When her daughter was amidships Linda screamed as Robert yanked the
base of the throttle up forcing Linda on her toes. Once up on the tips of her
toes, Robert took off at a fast trot. With her feet shackled with only six
inches of play, Linda had trouble keeping pace with her brother-in-law.

   When Linda stumble and fell to the deck, Robert stop long enough to jerk his
sister-in-law back to her feet, then resume his fast pace trot. Robert did this
whenever Linda fell.

   The fast moving brother-in-law and sister-in-law went by Edna who was being
tortured upon the cycle and by Marsha who was still bent over backwards behind
the cycle who was also being tortured by it. They trotted passed their young
high steeping niece/daughter. They whizzed passed, weighted down Beth as she
dragged Steve behind her. They trotted pass the bow of the Scorpion, then up to
the bridge then all the way down to the engine room and back up to the aft deck.
Where they rushed pass the other sex-slaves, waddling on their rumps with tacks
studded ass cheeks. They quickly moved once again by the bent over Marsha and
the cycle straddled Edna, and finally back to where the two started before
Robert released his grip on the throttle.

   "Change containers, bitch!" Growled Robert.

   Linda rushed pass Gloria who was lying on her side still tied up in the
wheeble position, and over to the open locker and took out another plastic
container, and returned to the sewage tank hatchway. She crouched down with her
back towards the tank hatch and grasped the line that hung into the sewage tank
and hauled the full container out of the sewage tank. Linda exchange the two
containers then lowered the empty one down into the sewage tank.

   "Place the full container on the deck, get a cap from the locker, cap the
container. After the container is capped your are to assume your position and
lick the container clean along with any over spill that dripped on to the deck." 
Roared Robert.

   After Linda lapped up the last of the piss and shit mixture off the deck she
remained in her position kissing the deck.

   "Get back to your feet slut!" Robert snapped as he kicked his sister-in-law
in the gut.

   After Linda scrambled to her feet her husband and two brother-in-laws walked
around her lashing her body with studded strops as Robert continue to speak to
her.

   "When you are finish cleaning the deck you are not to lollygag around,
Sludge. You are to immediately get back on your feet and complete the circuit
I've shown you. Once back here, Sludge, get Titless an empty container. Cap and
clean the full container. Clean the deck before setting out on your circuit
again. Sludge you're to continue until, one of your Lords and Masters give you
permission to stop. Sludge, if by chance you run out of empty containers dump
the full ones back into the sewage tank and restow them in the locker. Make sure
that Titless drinks as you pour. Here that Titless! Then start refilling the
containers. Now start them hamhocks pumping."

   Linda groaned, as she took off at a fast pace, then sped up when Robert
roared.

   "Oh, by-the-by my dear sweet sister-in-law. If your slutty ass is caught
moving slower then the pace I had you strolling at, you will find your slutty
ass hanging from your throttle. Then you will be beaten by your loving family
until your throttle pops out of your slutty ass."

   "Albert, what do you want to do with this one?" Asked Frank, as her kicked
Gloria in her cunt.

   "We could tack her ass and have her join the other waddling toys." Robert
offered.

   "Na, I got a better idea. Go retrieve my wife."

   Robert took off after Linda. When he returned with her he was half carrying
her by her hair and the throttle and allowing her to scurry along beside him.
Robert held Linda in front of her husband.

   "Darling why were you let out of the sewage tank?"

   "My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress, Sweet Pea was very worried about my
health and wanted me to receive medical attention, Albert My Lord and Master."

   "Well, darling, if Sweet Pea, is paying for that medical aid, don't you think
you should stay near Quack?"

   Linda glanced at Gloria lying on her side on the deck. "Yes, Albert My Lord
and Master, I do think I should stay near Quack for medical aid that My Most
Wise and Wonderful Mistress, Sweet Pea is paying for."

   "WHO!" Bellowed Al as he grabbed and shook his wife around by the strap
clipped to the rings in his wife's breasts and clit.

   "Slutty, Whorish, Toy, Quack Bitch! I should stay near Slutty, Whorish, Toy,
Quack Bitch for medical aid that My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress, Sweet Pea
is paying for."

   "Then, darling, assume your position."

   Linda dropped to the deck and started kissing it. When she felt Gloria's
tongue lance into her pussy slit Linda let out a deep sigh of relief. Though it
still disgusted her to have a woman licking her pussy it was much more
preferable then running around the Scorpion and changing containers for Susan.

   "Squat down and let Quack lick that leach sucking you belly button." Al
commanded.

   As Gloria licked the leach in her bellybutton, Linda felt a slight tugging on
her pussy lip rings. And cool flesh touching the lips themselves.

   Now darling doesn't that make your twat and tummy feel a whole lot better, to
have Quack treating you?

   "Yes, My Lord and Master, Albert, it does make me feel much better to have
the Slutty, Whorish, Toy, Quack Bitch treat me."

   "Well then darling, now that you feel better I think you should carry out
your loving, brother-in-law's instructions. Start them hamhocks pumping."

   Linda groaned with misery. It was just a hateful thing that her husband had
just done. Making her think that she had been reprieve from Robert's commands.
But now after a few quick licks to her cunt slit and bellybutton she would have
to carry out Robert's instructions anyway.

   Linda started to get to her feet but stop cold and dropped back down to her
knees howling along with Gloria. Linda realized what the slight tugging of her
pussy lips was as her bellybutton was licked. Her husband had fastened her pussy
lip rings to Gloria's breast rings. Linda couldn't believe the amount of pain
that roared through her pussy lips when she tried to stand. Her mind flash on to
Beth having her pussy lip rings rip out. Linda didn't have much time to dwell on
Beth's image as Robert grabbed her hair and the throttle dragging her to her
feet.

   "You heard Al, Sludge! Start them hamhocks pumping!" Roared Robert.

   On shaky legs Linda started moving as fast as she could. Her pussy lips
stretched out as she dragged Gloria behind her by the breasts.

   As Linda made her best speed towards the bow of the Scorpion her husband
called out to her.

   "Darling, aren't you glad that your daughter is getting her payment worth of
medical aid, now that you have Quack's undivided attention?"

   Sobbing heavily Linda responded "Yes, Albert My Lord and Master. I am very
glad that, Sweet Pea My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress, is getting her payment
worth out of the Slutty, Whorish, Toy, Quack Bitch."

   "Oh! By the way darling when you are cleaning the containers and deck let
Quack treat that disgusting twat of yours."

   All three brothers broke out with rip-roaring laughter.

   "You were right Al. That is a much better use of Quack then having her waddle
on her rump with a ass full of tacks." Giggled Robert.

   "Yep! I thought you would like it." Al giggled back, as he walked up to the
cycle with his brothers. He single Frank to cut the power to the cycle. Both
Edna and Marsha were unconscious and oblivious to the world around them. Though
the power was turned off both sex-slaves muscles were still twitching. Al and
his brothers watch the sight with glee.

   "I'm hungry! What do you say we brake for lunch and some ice cold brews?"
Inquired Robert.

   "Sounds great." Respond Frank.

   Yep, it sure does." Agreed Al. Then he bellowed, "You tacky ass bitches head
for the mess deck!" The three brothers giggled at Al pun as they also headed for
the mess deck.

   In the mess deck Al dragged Mary by her hair up onto the mess deck table. He
freed her wrists from her collar, released her legs and removed the rubberbands
from her breast. Then he flipped her over onto her stomach.

   "Helm, you may remove the tacks from your heinie. Keep track of the count and
let Bobby know it."

   As Mary remove the tacks from her ass Al cooed softly to her.

   "Helm, for doing such a superb job at the sink the eight ball contest and
coming in first in the wheeble race I am going to bestow several gifts on you.
First, except for your collar, your titty and clit rings. Or manning your
underway station you will be completely release from all bondage. Second instead
of being put up in the Toybox you will be allowed to sleep in Sweet Pea's
stateroom. And thirdly you will be allowed to eat the table scraps that my
brothers and I leave. The privileges will continue until you fuck-up.
Understand?"

   "Yes, Al My Lord and Master. Thank you very much for your kindness." Mary
answered cautiously. She knew from the time she had spent with the Andersons
that a show of kindness usually meant some form of horrible torture was shortly
to come.

   "How many tacks do you have, Helm?" Robert asked

   "Twenty from the left side of my heinie, and fifteen from the right side of
my heinie. I have lost fifteen of your tacks, Robert My Lord and Master."

   "And what were you promised if any of the tacks were missing? Robert asked,
as he held a massive metal dildo against the little star shape entrance of her
rectum.

   "Dear god! Here it comes I haven't been released from bondage for even five
minutes and they are going to torture me with electricity up my ass." Thought
Mary to herself. Then out loud, "Robert My Lord and Master, I was promise five
minutes of ass buzzing for each missing tack. I am due one hour and fifteen
minutes of ass buzzing, Robert My Lord and Master. Please may I have my ass
buzzing now, Robert My Lord and Master? Pretty please, Robert My Lord and
Master." She felt the cold blunted tip press against her ass hole entrance. Mary
braced herself for the insertion of the huge metal phallus that would shock her
for one and a quarter hour. Then it backed off.

   "I tell you what, Helm. You have been pardon from your ass buzzing, as long
as you stay in Al's good grace. So if I were you I would behave and not piss him
off."

   "Thank you for being so generous, Robert My Lord and Master. I will behave
myself and will not give cause for Al My Lord and Master to become cross with
me, or any of my Lords and Masters, and My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress."
Mary responded sweetly.

   "Good! Now stand up and put this on," Al cooed.

   Al handed her the very sheer outer lining of her honeymoon nightgown, the
gown that she was wearing when the Anderson brothers had abducted her and Mike.
They had burst into her honeymoon suite and plunge her and Mike into this
maddening hell before she and Mike could consummate their marriage.

   The soft pink satin opaque inner lining had been removed. The sheer outer
lining of the gown hid absolutely nothing as she slipped it on and buttoned it
up. The hem had been modified to fall just above her pussy mound. No panties
were offered so Mary's bald snatch was in full view.

   Al stooped down and applied bright red lipstick to her bald pussy mound and
lips. "You are to keep that pretty little twat looking just like that at all
times. You are to inspect it and touch it up whenever needed." Al cooed as he
hung the tube of lipstick on her clit ring.

   Mary felt more humiliated then ever, as she stood before the Anderson
brothers and the four remaining wheeble toys, in the sheer remains on her
honeymoon nightgown and brightly colored pussy lips and mound. The modifications
that were made to the gown that was meant only for her just married husband to
see her in, show the assembled group more then what her husband had seen that
fateful night.

   "When ever you sashay about you are to make sure you shake them boobies and
derriere. When you're not performing an assigned task and you are outside Sweet
Pea's stateroom. You are to stand on wide spread legs, your hands clasp behind
you head elbows in strait line with each outer. Your breasts are to be jutting
out and shaking about. Your pussy is to be pooched out and hips gyrating.

   When I or by brothers pass you while in this stance you are to ask "My Lord
and Master, whoever. I have a very hot twat, which is looking for something hard
and stiff to fill it. Would you please fuck my twat until you are happy, My Lord
and Master, whoever." Then you are to assume the position that you are ordered
to take for your fucking. You are to offer you twat each time you are pass, but
we may choose the fuck-hole of our choice.

   Now go over to Galley Slut grab her hair and follow Bobby to the galley."

   After Mary dragged Betty into the galley, Robert had her lift Betty atop of a
couple of milk crates that he had stacked. The diamond shape bottom of the
crates made a very uncomfortable platform to sit upon with a tack-studded rump.
At Robert's direction Mary released Betty's left hand. Then Mary retrieved three
T-bone stakes and a large bag of fries from the food reefer. After Betty started
cooking she returned to the food reefer with Robert. He showed her the drum with
the gruel and the bottles to put it in. As she filled the bottles, Robert took
the bottle with the blue band from the box of bottles and filled it from smaller
drum.

   "This is your gruel. You are to eat it just before you eat the offered table
scraps from Al, Frank and me. Only you are to be fed the gruel from the small
drum. Remember that. You will only eat when you are given permission to. Now
fill enough bottles from the large drum to feed all of the toys and my niece.
When enough bottles are filled, carry them out to the mess deck and set them on
the end table next to the couch. Then take up your stance by the mess
deck/galley hatch and wait for Galley Slut to tell you that our meal is ready.
Then you are to serve us our meal with a six pack of beer for each of us."
Robert left her alone in the reefer filling bottles with gruel.

   When Mary carried the fourteen bottles of gruel into the mess deck, Anderson
brother had the three remaining wheeble toys up on the mess deck table fucking
them. After placing the gruel on the end table she took up her stance by the
mess deck/galley hatch way, Mary watched her Lords and Masters bang away with
there chosen wheeble. Al was reaming Lori's shitter, Frank was deep throating
Bonnie's gullet, and Robert was spearing Helen's twat.

   When Mary delivered the meals, the three brothers withdrew their fuck-rods
from their wheebles holes and tossed them under the table. Once the three
brothers were sited the wheebles struggled up on their tack-studded rumps
between their Lords and Masters legs and begin sucking and licking the hard
shafts and balls. While the Anderson brothers ate T-bone stakes and steaming,
ketchup covered fries, that was washed down with ice-cold beer.

   "Helm, bring Galley Slut in here, then go round up my wife, daughter, and
Bilge Rat, and bring them here." Al barked through a mouthful of food.

    Mary returned to the mess deck with the three sex-slaves she was dispatched
for. Al had Mary go to the aft deck and released Edna from the cycle and Marsha
from her backward bent over position. And dragged there semi-conscious bodies to
the mess deck. Mary had no problem dragging Marsha but she had to struggle with
the Edna/James combo. But when she finally dragged the three semi-conscious
bodies into the mess deck. Then she resumed her stance by the mess deck/galley
hatch way and watch Linda and Beth racing back and forth between the mess deck/
aft deck hatch way and the mess deck/galley hatch way dragging their respective
loads by their pussy lips. Al's daughter was high stepping in place. Making sure
that the fifty-pound weights were lifted a full foot off the deck. Betty was
circling the mess deck on her tack-studded rump. Bonnie, Lori and Helen were
still under the mess deck table sucking and licking, cocks and balls. While the
Anderson brothers ate. The entire ships company was in the mess deck Except for
Susan who was in the sewage tank sloshing back and forth in the muck waiting for
Linda to lower an empty plastic container for her to fill with the piss and shit
cocktail. 

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY 43




   Log Entry Number: 44

   The High Priestess

  

   After the Anderson brothers finish their meal Al pushed back from the table
and patted his full tummy. "Helm sit down in front of the couch facing this way
and spread your legs wide. Pay heed, the rest of you bitches! As of now and
until your told differently you will refer to Helm as High Priestess of the
Twats! You all will align yourselves with your Priestess twat whenever you pass
it and chant, "I am nothing but lowlife useless twat. I adore my High Priestess
of the Twats. My High Priestess has the only worthy twat around here. May I pay
homage to my High Priestess twat and have my own worthless twat whip by my
wonderful High Priestess."

   Your homage will be in the form of ten quick passes with your tongue through
Helm's twat followed by a thirty second tongue lashing of Helm's clitty. Then
present your own useless twat for atonement to your High Priestess of the Twats,
your High Priestess will give your useless twat five brisk hard blows with her
open hand, then hook her finger through your clit ring. She will twist your
clitty a full turn and jerk it upwards five times. After your High Priestess of
the Twats delivers your atonement you will resume you assign task.

   Now pay homage to your High Priestess of the Twats and form a semi-circle
around her. Wheebles first then Bilge Rat, followed by Slimy, Sludge Meat and
Quack. Sweet Pea you are to aid Fucktoy, and Commode then pay homage to your
High Priestess of the Twats yourself." Al commanded.

   While the sex-slaves chanted, pay homage to and received atonement from,
Mary, Al collected the table scraps onto his plate. By design there was more
table scraps then ever before piled on Al's plate. The scraps total more then
what the Anderson brothers themselves had eaten.

   When Al and his brothers herd Elizabeth chirp out her chant then the loud
popping sound that Mary hand made on Elizabeth's pantie clad twat with her hand,
the three brothers strolled to the couch and sat on it. Al sat with the plate of
scraps to the right behind Mary brushing his hard cock through her hair. Frank
sat to Mary's left and Robert, sat to the right of Mary holding her blue strip
bottle of gruel.

   Frank gently tilted Mary's head back and held it there while Robert fed her
specially mark bottle of gruel. After Mary sucked the last drop of gruel from
her bottle, Al began feeding her the table scraps. The three brothers hand fed
Mary the table scraps on the plate Al was holding as the sex-slaves looked on
hungrily with drool dripping from there mouths. Even Al's daughter longed to
have some of the food her father and uncles were feeding Mary. The three
brothers were laughing hard as the watch the hunger pains flash through the
faces arrange in a semi-circle before them. It had been over five days since
there last feeding. When Mary had eaten three-quarters of the table scraps Al
place the plate with the remaining table scraps in front of his daughter.

   "That's yours Sweet Pea." Al chuckled.

   Robert passed the remaining bottles of gruel among his brothers. Each of the
brothers shook one of the bottles.

   "Are our little toys hungry?" Frank asked sarcastically.

   Various versions of "Yes I am very hungry, Frank My Lord and Master." rang
out from the semi-circle.

   "Well then would our little toys like some of this tasty gruel I made from a
secret recipe?"

   Once again the sex-slaves answered with their version of "Yes, Frank My Lord
and Master. I would love some of your secret recipe gruel to eat." They all
answered except for Al's daughter for she knew what the secret ingredients her
Uncle Frank's used in the gruel.

   Smiling at his daughter Al asked in a sweet soothing voice, "What about you
Sweet Pea do you want something to eat also?" As he picked up the plate of table
scraps "Or do I toss this away?"

   Edna's eyes darted between the table scraps, the bottles of gruel and her
father's smiling face. Nervously she answered, "Yes daddy I would like to eat."

   Al sat the plate of table scraps back down on the deck.

   "Well then who gets the first bottle? Hmmm lets see now who will it be? I
know my sweet sister-in-law. After all the only thing she ever had since coming
aboard was dry dog food so I think that she should get the first bottle." Frank
giggled.

   In unison the Anderson brothers bellowed, "Slimy, Sludge Meat come on down!"

   Linda stopped her wet, noisy kissing of the deck, rose up into her feet from
her servitude position, walked up to her brother-in-law and knelt before him,
just to the left of Mary.

   "Slime, what is that next to you?" Asked Frank as he giggled.

   "Frank My Lord and Master, it is my High Priestess of the Twats." Linda
responded.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   "WILL!!" roared Frank.

   After Frank delivered six savage blows to top of her breasts with a bamboo
cane, Linda scrambled between Mary's legs, chanted, pay homage, and received her
atonement, to and from her High Priestess of the Twats, Linda then knelt before
her brother-in-law once again.

   "Here you go Slime." Frank inserted a bottle of gruel into his sister-in-laws
mouth and gave the bottle a little squeeze. A few drops splashed down onto Linda
tongue.

   It was enough to give Linda a taste. It was revolting. It turned her stomach.
But with her hunger pains stabbing away at the pit of her stomach, Linda remain
on her knees with her lips wrapped around the bottle of gruel waiting for her
brother-in-law to feed her the rest.

   But before Frank squeezed the bottle again, Robert chirped, "Excuse me Frank,
but after our most generous oblation to the High Priestess of the Twats, don't
you think the High Priestess of the Twats devoted followers reciprocate in
kind?"

   Hmmmm! I don't know, what do you think Albert?" Frank giggled.

   "Sounds fair to me. But I think that the twat worshipers should decide for
themselves. How about it? Would you worthless bitches like to bestow an offering
to your High Priestess of the Twats?" Al asked in a very solemn tone.

   Several versions of, "Yes Al My Lord and Master, it would be a great honor
for me to bestow a charitable offering to my High Priestess of the Twats." rang
out from the assembled sex-slaves.

   "So be it bitches! From now on one quarter of your meals will be donated to
your High Priestess of the Twats. And on each seventh feeding, you bitches will
observe the Sabbath and donate your entire meals to your High Priestess of the
Twats." Al spoke in a soft solemn tone.

   Frank popped the bottle out of Linda's mouth and into Mary's. Mary gulped
down the four ounces of gruel that Frank squirted into her mouth. Then Frank
returned the bottle to Linda's maw. Frank squeezed the remaining twelve ounces
of gruel into Linda's mouth faster then she could gulp it down. Some of the
gruel sprayed from Linda's nose and leaked from the corners of her mouth. In all
Linda manage to get a little less than eight ounces of the godoxious gruel down
her gullet. Frank tossed the empty bottle across the mess deck the place his
foot in the valley of his sister-in-law's cleavage and shove her backwards atop
of Gloria.

   Linda struggled off of Gloria, prostrated herself before Mary's pussy and
went through the ritual worship of her High Priestess of the Twats.

   "Quack's turn." Chuckled Al.

   Then Linda crouched in front of Mary so that Gloria could go through the
ritual. Once Gloria was done with her worshiping and meal, Linda return to her
vacated spot resume her position and started planting noisy, wet kisses upon the
deck.

   "Darling let Quack treat your twat." Al barked.

   Linda dropped her high sticking ass down, plopping her pussy onto Gloria's
mouth. Pulling Gloria's breasts that were secured to her pussy lips. As soon as
her pussy was planted over Gloria's mouth, Gloria's tongue lanced through her
snatch.

   "The wheebles are next," Al stated.

   When Mary finish pulling on Laura's clit, Al reached down and dragged Laura
by her breast rings to his monstrous fuck-rod and plowed it down her throat.
Robert did the same to Helen and Frank followed suit with Bonnie. As the three
heads of the sex-slaves bobbed on the stiff pricks in their mouths, and Betty
was licking Mary's twat, Al's powerful voice resonated through the mess deck.

   "You worthless bitches might have notice that my daughter's status has
change. Her bleeding heart made her violate one of the rules that were set down
for her to follow. She has lost all privileges. So do not look for any more,
wishy-washy, bleeding-heart treatment from her. Such as this silly policy of
hers on letting you bitches eat in peace.

   From now on you're slutty asses, will continue to be tortured even while you
eat. If you happen to be busy doing some thing that prevents you from eating
when it is offered too, too bad. You will not be allow to eat during that
feeding period and your portion will be given to your High Priestess of the
Twats, to eat instead. Example: These three cocksuckers, here the only thing
they will be eating is our sweet cream. Frank if you please."

   Frank feed three bottles of gruel to Mary as Laura, Helen and Bonnie groaned
pathetically as they continue to service their Lord and Masters fuck-rods.

   Frank handed Mary a forth bottle of gruel. "Take your share then feed the
rest to Galley." Frank then lean back on the couch with his brothers and enjoyed
the face fucking. When Betty was back in her place in the semi-circle, Robert
hit Mary in the head with another bottle of gruel.

   "Piglet, your turn." Robert moaned in ecstasy as Helen's silky mouth and
flexing throat muscles milked his cock.

   When Edna finished worshipping her High Priestess of the Twats, she rose up
on her knees to receive her meal.

   "Fucktoy, are we forgetting something about your Priestess twat cream? Assume
your position." Growled Al.

   Edna struggled up to her feet. Standing on wide spread legs, she placed her
hands as high as she could behind her back. Bending forward at the waist Edna
rocked her shoulders back and forth to jiggle her breasts and the bottles
hanging from them on motion. Edna then tilted her head back as far as it would
go. "Thank you, for using Fuck Central for your nasty twat cream deposit in my
mealy mouth, My High Priestess of the Twats." Edna then jacked her mouth wide
open.

   "Helm do you know how the usage cylinders work?"

   "Yes, Al My Lord and Master. I know how the usage cylinders work." Mary
responded.

   "Then use the pink one on Fucktoy's face. When you have used up all available
space on Fucktoy's face you are to remove all of Fucktoy's head hair with Nair.
Then place the usage mark on her baldhead. Proceed." 

   Salty tears streamed over the "P" seared into Edna's left cheek just below
her eye socket, as she gulped down her gruel.

   Mary fed the rest of the sex-slaves, except for James, Steve and Elizabeth.
Al had ordered her to eat all of James's and Steve's gruel because all they ever
do is lay around doing nothing. So they did not deserve to eat. When the last
bottle of gruel hit Mary in the head then dropped to the deck, Mary glance down
at it and groaned. She didn't think that she could eat any more. After gulping
down her own sixteen ounces of gruel, eating a large portion of steak and fries,
the eighty ounces of gruel from the five captives whom entire meals she gulped
down and the thirty-six ounces of the other sex-slaves offerings. Yes Mary was
stuffed. She had never had eaten so much in one sitting in her life.

   Mary shifted her gaze from the bottle of gruel on the deck to Al's daughter.
Elizabeth had just finished paying her homage to her High Priestess of the
Twats. Elizabeth flopped on her back and jutted her rubber pantie clad pussy up
towards her High Priestess of the Twats, to receive her atonement.

   As Mary finished delivering five hard swats to Elizabeth's upthrust pussy,
she peeled the tight fitting rubber pantie crotch strip aside. Elizabeth's clit
didn't have a ring through it, so Mary worked her index finger and thumb into
the sheath that Elizabeth's clit was snuggled in. Mary pinched the young teen's
little clit and jerked it up.

   Elizabeth howled and shuddered but kept her pussy thrusting towards Mary. The
entire time her clit was jerked and her pantie crotch strap rasped her clit as
the thin rubber strip tried to snap back into place. With her atonement
completed Elizabeth scrambled to her knees. Through teary eyes she watch her
replacement as overseer of the sex-slaves, pick up the bottle of gruel off the
deck.

   "HALT!!!" Everyone but Al, Frank and Robert, jump with startled fear at Al's
bellowing.

   Frank grabbed Mary's hair and jerked her head back. "Open!" her growled.

   With her head tilted back and her mouth wide open, Al had no trouble scraping
the remaining table scraps from the plate into Mary. "That is my daughter's
offering." Al cooed,

   Mary chewed and swallowed the last of the meat and fries.

   "Feed her the entire bottle." Snapped Al.

   Elizabeth started screaming, "NOOOO, DADDY! PLEASE NO! I CANNOT EAT THAT
STUFF. IT HAS PEOP...AAARRRGGGEEEE...NOOOOOOO!!!!!!"

   The room exploded in a fury of activity as AL, Frank, and Robert vaulted off
the couch, leaving three toppled wheebles behind. When the fury of activity died
down Elizabeth was secured spread-eagled to the mess deck tabletop. Her mouth
was stuffed with a large rubber dildo with a tube running through it, which
snaked down her throat. Her father was lashing her crotch and stomach, while her
uncles were leaning on her with their elbows. The elbows were pressing the bra
cups with the metal spike into her budding breasts. 

   "HUNGER STRIKES WILL NOT BE TOLERATED AT ALL ABOARD THE SCORPION!!! THERE
WILL NOT BE ANY REFUSING TO EAT WHEN FOOD IS OFFERED!!! IT WELL, BE EATEN WITH
JOYFUL EXUBERANCE!!! DO YOU BITCHES UNDERSTAND?" Al bellowed, as he beat his
daughter.

   A chorus of frighten voices rang out, "Yes, Al My Lord and Master. I will eat
whatever and whenever something is offered to me to eat."

   "HELM! GET YOUR LAZY ASS OVER HERE AND FEED SWEET PEA HER GRUEL!" Al
bellowed.

   Mary scurried over to the table and attached the bottle of gruel to the hose
running through the dildo jammed down Elizabeth's throat. As Mary squeezed the
bottle forcing the gruel down Elizabeth's gullet Robert, removed the punishment
collar from around Mary's neck.

   Elizabeth's stomach churn with revulsion, as she was force, fed the dog food
mixed with human remains. Vomit rose up out of her stomach, but before it could
be expelled, the massive dildo that plugged her throat halted its upward
journey. The dildo barely allowed the exchange of air in her burning lungs. So
with no place for the vomit to escape to, it slid back down into her churning
stomach.

   When the bottle of gruel that was being force-fed to his daughter was empty,
Al cooed, "Helm, on the stern are some gallon containers of piss and shit. Empty
four of them into the sewage tank. Make sure that Titless is drinking as you
dump. Then take the four empty containers to the gruel drum and fill them. Once
the containers are full bring them in here and feed the gruel to Sweet Pea."

   Mary rushed towards the aft deck but stop cold when Robert's giggling voice
bellowed at her.

   "HELM! Your fateful followers will be praying for your swift return. There
slutty bodies will be all a buzzed with anticipation of your return so they can
worship your twat as you feed my niece."

   The three brothers roared with laughter and all of the sex-slaves except for
Mary howled in agony, as Robert activated the punishment collars. Mary took off
running as fast as she could to the sewage tank and its containers of piss and
shit.

   For the briefest of a moment Mary thought about using four of the empty
containers in the locker instead of emptying four of the full ones. But she was
free of bonds, completely untethered and without having her young body torture.
She did not want to jeopardize her new status. So she grabbed one of the full
containers and dumped its contents in to the sewage tank atop of Susan while
hollering "Titless Wonder, drink!"

   Mary couldn't believe how long it took for the piss and shit to pour out of
the containers. Looking down into the sewage tank, she once again told Susan to
drink the stuff that she was pouring. But Mary knew that Susan wasn't drinking,
Susan was thrashing in the sludge of human waste like a craze fish out of water
as the punishment collar around Susan's neck and the sludge she was in, pump a
continuous jolt of electricity through Susan.

   Mary looked down at her pussy. It was a mess. The lipstick that Al had place
on her pussy lips and mound was smeared and gone in spots. She quickly glanced
around the stern. In the container locker she saw a burlap bag and on the deck
at the stern where Linda had been hoisted back on board after her dunk in the
cove, was a pool of seawater.

   After the first container was empty, Mary rushed over to the locker and
removed the burlap bag and soaked it in to the pool of seawater. The she grabbed
another full container and empty it contents back into the sewage tank. As Mary
poured she used the dripping wet burlap bag to clean the rest of the smudged
lipstick off her pussy lips and mound. The rough burlap felt like sandpaper
against her tender & abused cuntal flesh as she cleaned herself up. Once she had
clean herself up the best she could with the salty burlap bag, Mary removed the
lipstick tube from her clit ring and reapplied the bright red lipstick to her
pussy lips and mound. With her pussy gaudily colored Mary replace the tube of
lipstick back on her clit ring, as she finished empty the forth container.

   Mary rushed through the mess deck that reverberated with the anguishing
animalistic screams of pure hellish agony, to the reefer that held the drum of
gruel. Once again time seem to crawl as she used the cup size ladle to fill the
four gallon size containers. Finally with the forth container filled Mary rush
back into the mess deck and hooked a container to Elizabeth's feeding tube. Mary
held up the gallon container of gruel with remnants of piss and shit mixed with
it. As Mary squeeze the container forcing the gruel down Elizabeth's gullet, the
hollowing around her dropped off to pitiful moans and groans. Moments latter
Mary felt a head butt up against the back of her thighs. Mary felt the head,
push through her thighs and a tongue lancing through her snatch. She spread her
legs as wide as she could, to give the cunt-lapper easier access to her pussy.

   Each of the sex-slaves licked and sucked on Mary's pussy and clit for fifteen
minutes, as Mary force-fed Elizabeth four gallons of gruel.

   When the four containers were empty Al handed her a strop. "Tap Sweet Pea's
tummy, Helm."

   Mary stood on wide spread legs having her cunt and clit licked and sucked,
while she beat Elizabeth, gruel bloated stomach as hard as she could.

   When each sex-slave finished her fifteen minutes of twat worshipping they
were escorted to Helen's Toybox by one of the brothers and put away. Except for
Steve and Beth. Robert escorted them to the engine room and put them away in
their spots in the bilge.

   When Robert returned to the mess deck he saw his sister-in-law on her knees,
kissing the deck just in front of Mary. Linda had her ass thrust up high just
under Mary's cunt. Gloria who's breast rings were still attached to Linda's cunt
lip rings had her torso slightly twisted which was stretching Gloria's left
breast and Linda's right cunt lip. The back of Gloria's neck was pressing into
base of the throttle sticking out of Linda's shitter. Gloria had her head crank
around as far as she could turn it and was lancing her tongue through Mary's
twat, while Mary continue to beat his niece's gruel bloated stomach.

   When Gloria completed her fifteen minutes of twat worshipping, Al grabbed a
hand full of her hair. He yanked her backwards and due to titty/twat connection
Linda was dragged from under Mary. Al held Gloria back keeping her breasts and
his wife's cunt lips tautly stretched. Then with a simple toenail clipper Al cut
the two leather thongs that held the two sets of rings together. Al lifted
Gloria off the deck by her hair and threw her against the bulkhead that
separated the galley and mess deck. Using the bulkhead she had just slammed into
to help her right herself on her rump. She then waddled on her rump behind
Robert to Helen's Toybox.

   After tossing Gloria like a rag doll Al slammed his foot into his wife's
cunt. Linda scurried on her knees back to Mary and started her fifteen minutes
of worshipping her High Priestess of the Twats. It was the last thing she wanted
to do. What she did want was to stop this seventeen-year-old teenager whose cunt
she was licking and sucking, from beating her daughter. But her in the few hours
of being out of the sewage tank, Linda had seen nightmarish tortures inflicted
upon the bodies of women for just the tiniest or even imagery act of rebellion.
So Linda remained on her knees paying homage to and worshipping a teenager that
was less then half of her thirty-eight years.

   "EEEEKKKKK!!!! Linda howled as her husband jerked her away from her pussy
sucking by the throttle in her ass. She was dragged the across the mess deck
through the galley to the reefer marked "HELEN'S TOYBOX". Her husband swing, her
back and forth several times before releasing his grip on the throttle base.
Linda flew into the reefer, crashing to the deck at its center, landing on her
back atop of her bound arms. Linda was gasping trying to regain her breath that
had knock out of her upon impact. With tear filled eyes she stared up in shock
disbelief at the forest of inverted nude women hanging spread-eagled above her.
As she lay there gasping, Frank and Robert grabbed her legs and fitted cuffs
with little steel pikes that dug into her flesh, tightly around her ankles. Then
her brother-in-laws flipped her over on her ballooned breast, spreading her legs
wide and placed a foot on each of her ass cheeks.

   "AAARRRGGGEEE!!!!!!! NOOOOO!!!!! ALBERT NOOOOOO! NOOOOOO!
AAAARRRRGGGGEEEE!!!!!" Linda howled as her husband grasp the base of the
throttle with both if his hands and yanked.

   PLOP! AAARRRGGGEEE!!!! AAARRRGGGEEE!!!! AAARRRGGGEEE!!!! Linda continued to
howl as the throttled that had been super glued in her shitter was ripped out.
Frank and Robert connected her wide spread legs to a spreader bar and hoisted
her up. Then they placed the same type of cuffs that were on her ankles to her
wrist. When the cuffs were tightly fitted around her wrist, Al, using bolt
cutters snapped the short chains of the rusty handcuffs around her wrist and
elbows. Handcuffs that her daughter had put on her. Handcuffs that were put on
her in her daughter's bedroom the day the bubble burst on what she thought was
the perfect little family.

   Linda renewed her screaming as Frank and Robert pulled, and stretched her
arms. Arms that had spent the last two years secured in the same position behind
her back. Linda's long dormant muscles felt as if they were on fire, as they
were forced into a "Y" shape and secured to the eyebolts in the reefer floor.
While Robert fished a vinyl tube into Linda's urethra, and Frank rammed a
butt-plug into her bleeding rectum, Al was tying the throttle he had yanked out
of his wife's shitter to her clit ring so that the bloody chrome ball rested
between her eyes. Once Linda was hooked up to the sewage system Al activated the
hoist that Linda was hanging from.

   By time her husband stopped the little motor, her body was stretched very
taunt. Linda believed that if her husband had let the hoist motor, run for a
single second more, her arms and legs would have been ripped off. Linda howled
and thrashed the only part of her body that could still move. The throttle
bounced off her head and slammed back into it as Linda thrashed it around.

   Al stooped down on his haunches in front of his wife and tightly clamped a
pair of vice grips onto her nose. Holding her head still via the vice grips Al
cooed sweetly to his wife. "Darling this is where the toys rest and relax after
a fun day of games and frolicking in the sun. Your yammering is disturbing them.
If you don't keep quit, regretfully. I'm going to have to revoke your speaking
privileges just like your daughter's were." Al pushed about an inch of a
force-feeding dildo into his wife's mouth. "Understand?"

   With a very muffled, nasally sounding voice Linda responded, "Yes, Albert My
Lord and Master. I will remain very quiet so the toys can rest after their day
of fun games and frolicking."

   "Good I'll just let you hold these to help you remember to keep quit." Al
stood up living the vice grip clamped to Linda's nose and the force feeding
dildo partially inserted in her mouth, and left the reefer with his brothers.

   Not only did Linda stop her screaming but she also stopped her thrashing.
With her nostrils, clamp shut, preventing the intake of any air. And the dildo
lodged in her mouth with a girth of a beer can, reduced even more the amount of
air she could suck pass the tight fitting collar. She could no longer spare the
air that both activities demanded. So Linda hung tautly stretched, upside down,
keeping very still and quit.

   "Slimy, Sludge Meat, your savior is here!" chucked Robert.

   Linda slowly turned her hear towards the reefer entrance. Slumped between her
two brother-in-laws was her daughter. Elizabeth was being half dragged and half
walking on rubbery legs. Al followed behind his daughter whipping her rearend.

   The little band stopped right in front of Linda. Frank and Robert release
their grips on their niece's upper arms. She instantly collapsed to the deck in
a groaning twitching heap.

   As on the mess deck, in a near blur of motions the three Anderson brothers
first strip the rubber bikini off then rig their pubescent family member as the
other sex-slaves in the reefer were.

   From the reefer entrance Mary's sang out sweetly, "Robert My Lord and Master,
I have My Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress, meal."

   Well then get your lazy ass in here and give it to her!" Roared Robert.

   Mary scurried over to Elizabeth and hooked the gallon container to the young
teen's feeding tube. Robert took the container from Mary. Like an IV bag he hung
the gallon container filled with gruel upside down from his niece's little toe.

   Linda looked at her inverted, suspended daughter. Elizabeth's bright red and
purple, welted stomach was so bloated with gruel it made her look as if she was
in the last stage of pregnancy and was about to give birth.

   With the muffled, nasally voice Linda pleaded with her husband. "Please
Albert, don't do this to your daughter! She can't possibility eat anymore.
Plea...mmmermmmer."

   Al slammed the force-feeding dildo to its base and secured it, then removed
the vice grip from her nose. "What's the matter darling? Jealous that Sweet Pea
is getting more to eat then you?" Giggled Al. "Well I'm sure that she won't mind
sharing." Al disconnected his daughter's waste discharge tube from the sewage
system and connected it to the tube of Linda's force feeding dildo. Now when
Elizabeth urinated and/or had a bowel movement it would be ejected down Linda's
gullet. And with the generous amount of Ex-lax, added to Frank's special recipe
gruel mixture that the sex-slaves ate it wouldn't be very long before Elizabeth
would be shitting up a storm. "There now Sweet Pea can give you all the food she
wants to!" The three brothers roared with laughter.

   "Helm its time to fill the new milk dispenser." Roared Al.

   Mary scurried out as Al squatted down in front of his wife and flicked,
pinched and twisted her nipples. He stopped when Mary rolled the milk cart next
to him.

   "Darling, you are going get to do something you haven don since Sweet Pea was
born."

   Linda stared quizzically at her husband, until he plunge two syringes into
the center of her nipples. She felt the bite of the numbing cold liquid running
through her lactiferous ducts filling spongy tissue of her breasts.

   "You're going to be providing milk, with these." Al giggled as he slapped his
wife's filling breasts.

   "Helm, go secure the sewage tank hatch and turn out the tank's lights. Then
go to Sweet Pea's stateroom." Al barked, as he watch the goats milk flow into
his wife's breasts. She had been so goddamn infuriated with him, when he tried
to get a sample taste of her milk when she was nursing the infant Elizabeth
those many years ago. He was looking forward to sucking his wife's breasts.

   As Al begin to stand he started laughing so hard he sat down on the deck, as
he saw brown liquid flow through the vinyl tube leading into the base of his
wife's force feed dildo.

   "Aren't you glad that your daughter talked me into letting you out of your
shit hole, and join us. You must be so proud of her."

   With her daughter's warm viscous shit filling her stomach and cold goat milk
filling her breasts and along with all of the hellish pain she had gone through
today and the equally hellish treatment of her daughter. Linda was wishing the
exact opposite. She, was wishing that she was back in the peaceful solitude of
the sewage tank, happily wallowing in the sludge of human waste. And though she
was proud of her daughter, at being able to survive the brutality of Al and his
brothers. And she didn't blame her for sympathetic and brave action. Linda
wished that Elizabeth had never approach her father with her request.

   With her entire body aflame with pain from multifarious beatings that were
delivered by her father, uncles and Mary and her mind reeling from the knowledge
of what was in the gruel that was bloating her stomach. Elizabeth also was
wishing that she had never brought the subject of getting medical aid for her
mother. Her father had warned her many times not to even mention her mother to
him or her uncles. Much less ask for special treatment.

   "Nightly-night, we'll see you toys bright and early for Sweet Pea's hour long
bea... No wait, lets see my wife back talked, complained and whined through out
the day. So you all will be present and take part in Sweet Pea's TWO-HOUR
BEATING, at 0600. So breakfast is at 0500 and reveille for you bitches will be
at 0300." Al cackled as he turned the Toybox light out and slammed the door.

   Elizabeth shuddered and groaned to herself in the darkness, "Dear God, two
hours! If I had only kept my big mouth shut, I wouldn't be in this mess. I would
still be the toys overseer instead of that bitch Mary. If I am ever allowed out
of this mess, I'll make that bitch pay. Pay dearly! I'll make sure to tell her
not only was she happily gulping down human remains in the gruel she drank, but
also the human remains from the little drum were her newlywed husband's. Yes she
would make the bitch pay!

   Dear god two hours, my poor little, body! Mother why didn't you protect me?
You're my mother! Mothers are supposed to protect their daughters especially
little twelve-year-olds. Why didn't you protect me? Why am I not at home
studying for mid terms? "

   Elizabeth groan in agony as her bloated stomach cramped and watery shit
exploded from her shitter and raced through the vinyl tubes to her mother's
gullet.

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY 44




   Log Entry Number: 45

   The Stateroom

  

   Susan had been switching from one elbow to the other waiting for an empty
container to be lowered to her. She had been afraid to move away from the spot
where she was filling the containers. The only time she did move away was when
the collar around her neck and the sludge she was laying in blasted electricity
into her. She didn't know how long she thrashed around in the muck. She did know
that she nearly drowned during the painful experience. But after the searing
current ended she struggled back up on her left elbow next to the full container
dangling from the open hatchway.

   Now someone had slammed the hatch closed and turned off the floodlights
plunging her in total darkness. Susan let out a deep sigh and wallowed through
the sludge of human waste to the sloping side of the tank and laid on her back
with her chin just above the liquid line. With her hands that were still
shackled to the collar around her neck, she walked her designer gown up behind
her head and used it as a pillow. Susan lay there staring into the
pitch-blackness until she drifted off into an exhausted sleep.

   After Mary return from the stern she stood outside of Elizabeth's stateroom,
her hand poised on the door handle. She was about to enter the only space
onboard the Scorpion that she had never entered. She had been in every other
space, from the bulges to the bridge. She had even been hung by her feet from
the mast and dragged under water across the bottom of the boat. But she nor had
any other of her fellow captives ever been pass this door. As far as she knew
only Elizabeth had ever been inside. Al's daughter was the only person she ever
seen enter the stateroom. Slowly Mary opened the door and stepped in.

   The stateroom was huge. It was bigger then Al, Frank and Robert's combined
staterooms. A thick plush purple carpet covered the deck. In the center of the
stateroom was a king size, circular bed, which had purple satin sheets and a
thick, purple velvet spread. Around the bed were six wrought iron columns, with
a series of chains and pulleys. The entire overhead was covered with mirrors.
The bulkheads had a series of mirror panels. In between the panels were color
printouts from the security cameras of every person the Andersons had abducted,
in torturous, hideous, painful positions. There was a monitor displaying Al
fucking his daughter in his favorite hole.

   His humongous hard fuck-rod was pounding in and out of the tiny little
rectum. Mary looked in the direction that the angle of the view was displaying
and saw the camera that was used to film the incestuous act. In one of the
corners was a crystal clear chamber pot, sitting atop a brass stand; witch
denied the user any privacy as they went about their business. In the opposite
corner was an equally clear bathtub filled with water that was sending little
wisp of steam rising from it. Next to the tub was a small white cabinet. In the
corner to the left of the door was a rack that held numerous whips, paddles,
canes and other objects design for inflecting pain. To the right with its mirror
doors wide open was a wardrobe filled with sexy outfits. Some of them she
recognized as her own.

   After scanning the room Mary closed the door behind her and looked back at
the bed. Al had said that she could sleep here so with hesitant, cautious steps
she moved towards the purple bed. As she climbed up on it the picture on the
monitor switch from the incestuous ass reaming to a live shot of her climbing on
to the bed.

   "Bitch your filthy! Get off that bed!" Al's voice boomed from the doorway.

    Mary scrambled off the bed and not knowing what to do she stood on wide
spread legs, clasping her hands behind her head, jutted her breasts out and
shook them, and while rotating her hips she pooched her pussy out. She watched
Al walk over to the rack of punishment implements and pick up a wooden paddle,
then walk over to her.

   "Bend over and hold your toes."

   No sooner than Mary complied with Al's command that the paddle slammed into
her already battered rump.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   Mary held her cries in check as the paddle blaze across her ass cheeks.
Though her legs were wobbling, Mary remained in position as Al laid another six
powerful blows with the paddle across her rump.

   "Strip and resume your position!"

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   Mary's left breast bounced up and down from the blows of the paddle across
it. Tears swelled up behind Mary's eyes. Then streamed out as Al smacked her
right breast with the paddle. After hitting Mary with the paddle two dozen times
Al sat on the bed and cooed.

   "You are never to get in to bed with out first using the potty then taking a
bath first. Now stay in your position, waddle over to the potty. Don't sit!
Squat! And let's see some whizzing and pooping."

   Mary felt totally humiliated as she squatted over the crystal chamber pot
with piss and brown watery shit streaming out of her, as Al watch. When the two
streams stopped Mary looked around for some toilet paper when she herd Al
chuckling.

   "Hands and lick!"

   Mary groaned as she wiped the golden residue from her pussy with her left
hand. Then brought the piss coated hand up to her mouth and begin licking the
piss off it. As Mary licked her piss-covered left hand, she wiped her ass crack
with her right hand. After wiping her bottom and licking her hands clean of piss
and shit, Mary headed for the bathtub.

   "PHEW-U! Your not going to leave that stinky stuff in there, are you?" Al
asked, giggling.

   Mary stopped heading for the bathtub and turn towards Al, "No, Al My Lord and
Master, I'm not going to leave my stinky piss and shit in the potty." Mary
waddled back to the crystal chamber pot. Knowing Al and his brothers perverted
desires Mary bent over and thrust her head into the crystal chamber pot and
sucked her piss and shit back into her body. Once Mary had licked the crystal
chamber pot clean she waddled over to the tub. She was half way expecting Al to
torment her some more, but when he didn't say anything further she got into the
tub and sat down. She cringed when Al got up off the bed, and sat on the edge of
the tub.

   Al opened the door to the cabinet next to the tub and took a washcloth and a
new bar of soap. Al sunk the cloth into the bath water and lathered up the
cloth. Once the cloth had a good head of lather, he started scrubbing Mary's
back. After her back was squeaky clean, Al scrubbed the nape of her neck, the
front of the neck, and down to the collarbone. He moved down her chest, slowly
with little swirls.

   Al relathered the washcloth, making sure it was good and soapy, then he
worked the soapy cloth over and around Mary's large, full breasts, down her rib
cage, across her tummy, to the water line.

   Mary couldn't believe how nice Al was treating her. Al burly hands worked
over her body with the gentleness that she had never experience from him or his
brothers before.

   "Stand." Al cooed.

   Once standing Al lathered up her pussy, washing off the lipstick off her.
Gently he cleaned the inside of her cunt, ran the wash cloth between her legs
through the crack between her meaty ass cheeks, and the meaty cheek themselves
and lastly her long lean legs.

   After Mary's entire body was lathered up, Al dropped the washcloth and with
both hands kneaded Mary's battered and bruised body. Like a masseur, Al coddled
and cajoled Mary's tortured and abused body.

   "Sit," Al cooed, as he pulled the drain plug at the bottom of the tub.

   As the dirty soapy water drained from the tub, Al rinsed the lather off Mary
with one of those pulsing hand held showerheads, with soothing warm water. Once
Al had rinsed the soapy water off her body he wetted down her hair. Al then
lathered up her hair and scrubbed it. Though it was only a regular bar of soap
instead of a protein rich shampoo, this was the first time in three months that
Mary had had her hair thoroughly cleaned. Al repluged the tub after her hair was
rinsed. Al filled the tub with very warm water and added some scented bath oil
beads under the flowing water faucet. When the tub was full Al secured the water
and stood up. He headed for the wardrobe.

   Mary let out a long deep sigh, as she slid down into the warm soothing water.
She watched him take out an article of clothing and lay it on the bed.

   "When you're done with your bath, put that on. Then the time is yours to do
what you want, until you are told else wise." Cooed Al then left; as the door
closed Mary herd a loud click, which let her know that she was locked into the
stateroom.

   The water was warm and the bath oil added to it was very soothing. As Mary
leaned back into the warm water she practically melted away. The oils soothed
her bruised and battered body. It had been so long since she had just soaked
relaxing in a bath. It had been the day of her wedding, prior to slipping into
her wedding gown. That had been three hellish long torturous months ago.

   Startlingly Mary quickly sat up and scrambled out if the tub. Beads of water
glistened off her trembling form as she stared at the water in the tub. The
fragrance! The fragrance of the bath oil; its...its the same..."NO! It can't
be!" but the fragrance was unmistakable. It was the same bath-oil that she had
soaked in the day of her wedding. With water dripping off her, Mary stared at
the tub, trembling. She was unaware that she was slowly backing away from the
tub that her eyes were locked on, until she bump into the bed.

   Mary dropped down on her rump atop the bed, when her knees buckled after
bumping into the bed her gaze, still on the tub. Her mind riddled with images of
what started out to be the happiest day of her life. Mary's trance like gaze was
broken by Al's gruff, barrel roll laughter. She shifted her wide-open eyes from
the tub to the door where Al was standing with videotape in hand.

   "Done with your bath already?" Al giggled. "Then we best get dressed, hadn't
we?" Al cooed, as he moved towards the cabinet next to the tub. He picked up one
of the towels and dunked one end of the towel into the tub.

   Mary twisted around on the bed and looked down at the article of clothing
that Al had laid on the bed. "Dear God, NO! NO, NO, NOOOOO!" Mary wailed as she
slid off the bed and on to the carpeted deck.

   "What's wrong, don't we want to get dress?" Al stood over the sobbing teen
grinning, with wet towel in hand. "OH! I see what our problem is. We're still
wet from our bath."

   Mary's dolefulness, sobbing gasps, turned to ones of anguishing howls, as Al
snapped the wet end of the towel across her wet, skin.

   CRACK!!! CRACK!!! CRACK!!! CRACK!!! CRACK!!! CRACK!!!

   "There now, were all dried. So lets get dress now. Or do we need to be dried
a tad more?"

   Mary shuddered violently as she got to her feet. Slowly her trembling left
hand reached out for the pale blue article of clothing. Tears streamed down her
eyes as she slipped into soft satiny material. She sobbed sorrowfully as she
reached behind her back and pulled the zipper up on the bodice from her wedding
gown.

   Weeping Mary stood in front of Al dressed only the top part, of her wedding
gown. The flowing skirt of the gown and been removed and the bodice itself had
been modified so that Mary's breasts stuck through. May wished for the millionth
time that she could just shrivel up and die. But as with all of her previous
prays before, this one was also ignored by whatever deity ruled the universe, as
Al ran his burly hands over her bodice and played with her exposed tits.

   "Now don't we feel better, now that we're dressed?

   Through teary eyes Mary saw Al standing before her. His grinning face mocked
her anguish. Choking back her sobbing, "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, I feel much
better now that I am dress."

   Mary automatically spread her legs when Al's roaming hands slid over her
pussy. As Al gently patted Mary's pussy with one hand, while the other hand
lightly tugged on the tube of lipstick that was still dangling from her clit.

   "Now that we're all dressed up isn't it time we get dolled up?" Giggled Al,
as he slammed with all his might his open hand into Mary's pussy and brutally
yanked her clit down.

   Mary dropped to her knees as horrible pain roared through her groin. "Yes, Al
My Lord and Master, I need to get dolled up," Mary gasped, as she struggled back
to her feet on wide spread legs. She pulled the base of the lipstick from its
top; Mary applied the bright red lipstick to her pussy's lips and mound.

   "Now that we're dressed and dolled up, just what are we going to do? Hmmm?
Oh, I know we can watch movies!" Al giggled, as he walked over to video player
and exchange tapes.

   "BED! TUSH HI!!!"

   CRACK!!! CRACK!!! CRACK!!!

   Mary howled and scurried to the bed as the wet towel bit into her cunt. She
position herself in the center of the large bed in a servitude manor with her
knees spread wide, face pushed into the mattress, her heinie pushed up hi and
her pussy pooched out.

   Mary felt Al climb up on the bed behind her. Before he entered her Mary knew
which hole he was aiming for. She had lost count of the number of times that Al
had sodomized her rectum. But she much more preferred the position she was in
now then being hooked up to the helm, where Al usually ass-fucked her.

   Al hooked his index finger into the corner of Mary's mouth and jerked her
head around until it faced the television. "SHOWTIME!" Al bellowed, as he reamed
Mary's shitter. "Knowing how much bitches enjoy a steamy love story, so I think
you'll just love tonight's movie." Al giggled at his pun.

   As Al reamed her ass she watched the movie. Mary wanted to close her eyes.
She wanted to bury her face into the mattress. She did not want to watch what
unfolding before her eyes from the television screen.

   It opened with her wedding ceremony. Which Robert, was filming. At the time
she thought he was the professional photographer that she and Mike had hired.
After the wedding ceremony, there was a shot of Mike hog-tied and gagged on the
hotel's bed than a panning view of the hotel suite which stopped on the bathroom
door which Al was standing next to. Behind the closed bathroom door, Mary's
slinky, sexy voice sang out sweetly. "Ready to ravish an honest women, big boy?"
When the bathroom door open Mary's lovely, youthful curvy body was outline form
the light of the bathroom shining through the flowing nightgown. Then a close-up
of her face showed first eager, happiness, which milted into bewilderment, then
stark terror. The shot pulled back to include both Al and Mary. Al extended his
arm and fired a stun gun into Mary's side. Then several scenes of Mike and Mary,
Mary and the other captives being sexually tortured, and Mary, the other
captives performing a wide range of sex acts with each other, Elizabeth and the
Anderson brothers. The move ended with the rapped shifting scenes of the dock,
Mike's bound and gagged, hanging over the port side of the Scorpion like a
finder and Mary rigged to her helm position maneuvering the vessel to the dock.
The last scene was of Mike's body being crushed between the wooden pillars of
the dock and the steel hull of the Scorpion.

   Mary cried uncontrollably, hysterically. Though she had no control over her
actions on the bridge and she had no idea when her newlywed husband had been
used as a bumper, Mary felt responsible for his death. She had murdered her own
dearly beloved. Tears streamed from her eyes to be soaked up by the thick purple
spread. Mary's mind was on the very edge of snapping.

   She was completely oblivious of Al firing a second load of his jism deep into
her shitter. Nor his withdraw from her ass or the insertion of a mammoth
butt-plug, which trap the two loads of Al's jism in her poop-shoot. Nor did she
notice Al rewind the tape and set the player on continuous playback loop, then
leave, locking the hatch behind him.

   Mary remained in her knelling position, with her ass thrust up hi, tears
streaming from her eyes. She stared glassy eyed at the monitor play and play and
play the horrid tape of her wedding, abduction, rapes, torture and the crushing
to death of her just wedded husband  in a never ending loop.

   Mary didn't know how long she had stared at the monitor, but a
cat-of-nine-tales belaboring her rump caused her to shift her gaze from the
death of her husband to Frank's squat form.

   "Nice ass but I want that hot little mouth of yours," Frank chuckled as he
plopped down on the bed next to Mary. 

   The zoned teen shifted her body over and locked her lips around Frank's fat
stock. Without being really aware of what she was doing Mary bobbed her head up
and down on Frank stiff pole. She licked and sucked on it, as the sounds from
the tape speared through her ears.

   "Enjoying the movie? Albert spent hours upon hours putting it together just
for your enjoyment."

   Frank's words reverberated around Mary's head but they made no sense to the
teen as she performed her fellation on Frank's stiff stock. Even after Frank
shot his wad down her gullet Mary continue to bob, suck and lick as Frank
drifted off to sleep. For hours Mary serviced Franks flaccid cock as he snoozed.
Mary didn't even stop bobbing, sucking, and licking the fat male member, when
Robert crawled up into bed behind her and rammed his long thin cock into her
pussy.

   Robert's brutal reaming rocked Mary back and forth, which woke up Frank.

   "Morning Helm," Frank giggled. "Thirsty?" Before Mary even had a chance to
respond her mouth was filled with bitter tasting piss. Mary gulped down mouthful
after mouthful of Frank's piss.

   "Ahhhh! That butt-plug makes that nasty twat of yours nice and tight." Robert
moaned as he fired his load of spunk into Mary's cunt. "I know that you would
love that nasty twat of yours to be filled to the brim with spunk." Stated
Robert, as he pulled his still hard rod out of Mary.

   Whack! Whack!

   The force of the simultaneous blows, from Robert's open palmed hands across
Mary's twin meaty ass cheeks caused the teen to drop her high thrust heinie to
drop down on her heels.

   "But you have work to do," stated Robert, as he hooked his index finger
through Mary's clit ring. He dragged the teen across the bed, down to the
carpeted deck.

   Like an automaton Mary carried out the orders that Robert gave her. First she
hooked another gallon container of gruel, which had extra laxative to Elizabeth.
Then she released Betty so she could fix the Anderson brothers, their breakfast.
Next she took Marsha down. Along with the Anderson brothers, she used Marsha as
a toilet. After Marsha had a stomach full piss and shit, Mary set up Marsha with
cleaning materials, and started her cleaning the mess deck. Then Mary rigged
Bonnie, Lori, Gloria, and Helen back up as wheebles and sent them racing around
the aft deck and mess deck. Next Mary went down to the engine room and rigged
Steve to the hoist and super glued Beth's hands to her breast. Once Beth was
forced up on her toes by the pulling on her pussy lips and Steve's balls Beth
proceeded to pump the bilge. Next Edna; with her father still bunging her ass
was stationed aft by the open sewage hatch, so Susan could practice filling
containers with piss and shit. And finally Mary brought Al's wife and daughter
to the mess deck.

   While Al and his brothers sucked goat milk from his wife's breast, his
daughter was being force-fed human remains gruel. Elizabeth's gruel had so much
laxative added to it that Elizabeth was ejecting watery shit from her ass almost
as fast as she swallowed the gruel.  The shit that shot out of Elizabeth ass,
flowed through a vinyl tube to her mother' gullet. The entire Anderson family
was having there stomachs filled. The brothers had steak and fries with goat
milk. The daughter was gulping down dog food mixed with human remains lace with
laxatives. And the wife's tummy was being filled by her daughter's shit.

   After breakfast Robert reglued the throttle up his sister-in-law's shitter.
Then he grabbed the base of the throttle sticking out of his sister-in-law's ass
and jerked it up until she was on her toes. Then march her out to the aft deck,
with the rest of the sex toys and his brothers following. The sex slaves
wobbling on there rumps joined the group. With the exception of Susan who was in
the sewage tank and Steve and Beth who were in the engine room all aboard the
Scorpion were huddled around Robert, Elizabeth and Linda who were under the
ships main hoist.

   Elizabeth was sitting on the deck with her young legs spread wide while her
mother hooked a spreader bar to her ankles, while Robert and Frank attached
lines to there niece's wrist cuffs. Then her mother hooked the spreader bar to
the hoist and lifted Elizabeth up off the deck.

   Once her daughter was hoisted up, Al coaxed his wife to lie directly under
his daughter facing up. Frank and Robert threaded Elizabeth's two cuff lines
through eyebolts in the deck, then through their sister-in-laws nipple rings.
The lines were pull tight until Elizabeth arms and Linda's breasts were
stretched taunt. Next Linda's thumbs were secured to her clit ring.

   For the next two hours Al, his brothers and the sex-slaves beat Elizabeth. As
Elizabeth thrashed about and pulled and strained her hands in a vain attempt to
protect herself from the lashing of her young body, Linda's breasts were jerked
wide apart. And if Linda tried to move her hands she would jerk her own clit.
Shit slid down Linda's gullet as it squirted from her daughter's bowels
throughout the beating.

   Linda felt as if her breast had been ripped from her chest. She laid writhing
in agony under her daughter who was involuntary twitching from the savage
beating. Linda let out a low guttural moan as her husband stepped up onto then
sat down on her bloated, shit filled stomach. 

   "Well darling, now that sweet little Lizzy has paid for today's medical care,
shouldn't we get ready for the doctor's visit?" Al giggled, as he yanked his
wife's hands, which were still secured to her clit ring via her thumbs. "Spread
them!" Barked Al, as he slapped Linda's inner thighs. "Quack get your lard ass
over here!" Al snarled.

   Gloria, who was trussed up in wheeble mode, waddled on her ass cheeks between
Linda's wide spread legs. Al pulled Gloria down and attached her nipple rings to
Linda's twat rings. As soon as Gloria's mouth was in range of Linda's pussy,
Gloria lanced her tongue through Linda's pussy and applied suction to it.

   "Helm, Sweet Pea needs a refill," Al giggled as he patted his daughter's
well-whipped tummy.

   Like a zombie Mary headed for the food storage reefer to refill Elizabeth's
gallon container with gruel, she paused momentary as Al barked out another
command.

   "Quadruple the laxative," Al barked, as he flick the free-fall lever for the
hoist his daughter was hanging from.

   Both mother and daughter let out muffled scream as Elizabeth landed atop of
her mother. While her uncles released her wrist from her mother's nipple rings,
her father removed the spreader-bar and reattached the fifty-pound weights to
her ankles. The luxury of free hands didn't last long as her uncles jerked her
arms behind her back and tightly wrapped sisal cord around her arms starting at
her wrist and spiraling up her arms to her elbows. The sisal cord was wrapped so
tight that it bit deep into Elizabeth's skin.

   Al yanked his daughter to her feet, while Frank and Robert did the same with
his wife.

   Linda wasn't allowed to remain standing upright for long. She was bent
forward and her breasts rings were clipped to her daughter's, ankle cuffs (Who
was standing right behind her.) Then her head was pulled as far back as it could
and was secured in position by a cord running from her hair to the throttle
sticking out of her ass. Linda's own ankle cuffs were secured together with a
six-inch long chain.

   When Linda was forced up on to her feet, Gloria screamed into Linda's pussy,
as her breasts via Linda's pussy lips lifted her up. Gloria screamed into
Linda's pussy again when Al lifted her ass up off the deck by her pussy lip
rings and hooked them to Elizabeth's wrist cuffs. Gloria was now slung beneath
Al's wife and daughter by her breasts and pussy lips.

   Mary exchanged the empty gallon container with one full of gruel that had a
huge amount of laxative added to it. Once again Elizabeth was being force-fed
the dog food mixed with human remains. Between the nausea that was created from
the knowledge of knowing what she was being force fed, the terrible cramps that
the laxative created in her guts and the scorching two hour beating she had just
received Elizabeth barely had enough energy to remain standing. And when her
father hooked Gloria's pussy lips to her tightly bound wrist she nearly
collapsed to the deck. But one glance down at Gloria dangling under her mother
and herself by breasts and pussy lips, convince Elizabeth to straiten her legs
and remain standing. Other then the two hour beatings that made her entire young
body feel as if it had been dipped into acid, the most painful thing her present
set up bestowed upon her was the pain from the sisal cord tightly binding her
arms.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   Robert, stooped down in front of his sister-in-law and delivered six hard
stinging blows across her face. "I think, I gave you some thing to do before you
decided to go beddy-bye last night. Now that you're bright-eyed and bushy-tail,
and a tummy full of your daughter's shit, don't you think you should get back to
what you were told to do?" Robert snapped, as he slapped Linda's face six more
times.

   WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!

   Linda shuffled her shackled feet back and forth as fast as she could. As she
shuffled up the port side of the Scorpion heading for the bow six inches at a
time, Gloria begin to sway between her legs. Gloria's swing pulled and twisted
Linda's pussy lips. Linda grunted and screamed behind the dildo that plugged her
mouth that was dumping her daughter's shit down her gullet. Linda screamed even
harder as her breasts were pulled and stretched as her daughter started to march
behind her.

   Gloria also screamed. She screamed into the pussy that was above her face, as
she swayed back and forth by her breasts and pussy lips beneath Linda and
Elizabeth. Gloria desperately wanted to use her hands to ease the ripping pain
shooting through her breasts and pussy lips. But with her wrist secured to her
clit Gloria knew that if she tried to use her hand she would cause herself even
more pain. So Gloria hung passively between two sets of legs, swing to and fro.

   "Helm you are to follow my loving wife and sweet little daughter. Each time
Sweet Pea fails to lift her feet completely off the deck by at less eighteen
inches you are to swat her heinie eighteen times with this. AL handed Mary a
paddle with eighteen finishing nails driven through the paddle so that the
little points stuck out the business end of the paddle. To remind her to walk
properly let me know later how many time you have to remind Sweet Pea to walk
properly."

   "Al Yes, My Lord and Master," Mary responded in a dull monotone, then set off
after the three women heading up ship.

   "You tacky ass walkers put it in gear and follow Helm." Frank snapped.

   A chorus of "Yes, Frank My Lord and Master." Ranged out, as the sex-slaves
trussed up like whebbles waddled after Mary.

   "Fucktoy, have you and Titless got the hang of filling the containers with
cocktail yet?"

   With fear in her voice Edna answered Al, "Yes, Al My Lord and Master, Titless
Wonder and myself, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy have become proficient
in filling the one gallon containers with piss and shit cocktail."

   "Just how much cocktail have you practice with," Al asked.

   "Al My Lord and Master, I, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, and Titless
Wonder have filled all ninety-six gallon containers four times and Titless
Wonder is just finishing the sixth container for the fifth time. So My Lord and
Master, Al, that makes three hundred and ninety gallons of piss and shit
cocktail that I, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, and Titless Wonder have
practice with."

   PIGLET!!!! GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE NOW!!!" Roared Frank.

  
CLOSE LOG ENTRY 45




   Log Entry Number: 46

   Welcoming Friends to the Fold

  

   Trembling with terror Edna scrambled over to Frank. She took up her position
of servitude. Which for her consisted of her clasping her hands behind her back
as high as she could get them, standing on wide spread legs, bent forward at the
waist with her hips gyrating and jiggling her breasts.

   Her breasts popped out breasts cups of the once elegant but now tattered and
filthy designer gown, as the two liter soda bottles filled with dirty, soapy
dish water that were hooked through her breasts swayed back and forth as she
jiggled her breasts.

   Hello my name is Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy. I am a fucking
station...Aaarrggee."

   Frank jerked Edna up right by her hair until she was standing straight.
"Weren't you told to fill all of the containers before dumping them and starting
over?" Cooed Frank as he gently stroked her quivering breasts.

   "Yes, Frank My Lord and Master, I, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy was
told to fill all containers."

   "Then what's this ninety-six CRAP? There's an even hundred containers NOT
ninety-six! Why didn't you do as you were told?" Frank growled as he raked his
jagged index finger nail down Edna's chest between her quivering breasts. 

   "Frank My Lord and Master, my High Priestess of the Twats is using four of
the containers to feed my Most Wise and Wonderful Mistress with. So I. Piglet
the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy only had ninety-six con...ARGH!!! UMPH!!!"

   Edna collapsed to her knees upon the deck gasping for breath after Frank
drove his fist into her soft gut.  Still gasping Edna struggled back up to her
feet, only to be driven back to her knees on the deck once again from another
powerful blow to her midsection. Before she had a chance to try to get back to
her feet Frank slammed his booted foot into her chest.  The force of Frank's
foot impacting against her chest sent Edna reeling backwards to land with a hard
thud on top of her father, which drove even more air from her lungs.

   Spread them and keep your hands clear! I want to see that nasty twat of
yours. Frank growled, as he walked around the sobbing teen.

   Edna spread her legs as wide as she could and pooched out her pussy.

   "How many containers were you to fill bitch?" Roared Frank as he slammed the
heel of his boot into her left breasts.

   Stars exploded behind Edna's eyes as she screamed and clutched her left
breast. Edna knew she was in trouble ever since Frank had bellowed at her. Now
Frank had locked on to absurd reason to punish her. "All of them Frank My Lord
and Master." Gasped Edna.

   Frank slammed his heel into Edna's right breast. "How many, BITCH?"

   Edna screamed even louder as she clutched both of her throbbing breasts. "One
hundred Frank My Lord and Master. I, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy was
suppose have Titless Wonder fill one hundred containers with piss and shit
cocktail, Frank My Lord and Master." Edna stuttered between sobs.

   "A hundred you say?" Inquired Frank, as he slammed his foot into Edna's
crotch.

   Edna started to rush her hands to her crotch to protect and comfort it.

   Don't you dare BITCH!!! I told you to keep that nasty twat open and clear!!!
Roared Frank as he pounded his heel into both of Edna's breasts. "Put them hands
behind your back and keep them there!"

   As stars continue to burst behind her eyes from the horrific pain surging
through her breasts and pussy, Edna slid her hands behind her at the small of
her back and respread her legs wide.

   "Now where were we? Oh, yea!" Frank slammed his foot into Edna's twat. "A
hundred! (Another foot to the twat.) "Not one, (Foot to the twat.), or fifty,
(Another hard slamming foot to Edna's twat.) or even ninety-six containers,
(Frank delivered four quick savage blows with his foot between Edna's wide
spread legs and into her tender cunt.) but one hundred containers. (Frank
started to kick Edna's twat continuously.) That's a hundred completely full
containers filled with cocktail before dumping them and starting again.

   I hope that you really enjoyed last night's meal. Because until you make up
the sixteen gallons you gypped us, Helm will receive all of your meals. When you
are fed you will hold each mouthful until you transfer it to Helms mouth. Now
get your useless ass back over to the cocktail storage tank and continue.

   Edna struggled back up to her feet. Waves of nausea and searing pain from the
kicks to her pussy almost made Edna collapsed, but she manage to remain standing
and trudged back to the sewage tank. Just as she grasped the line that had a
full container dangling from it in the sewage tank Al's voice bellowed at her.

   "FUCKTOY! COME HERE!"

   Edna groaned pathetically as she dropped the container back into the sewage
tank plodded over to Al, who was grinning.

   Edna assumed her position in front of Al and started her what am I speech.
But as with Frank she never got to complete it as Al grabbed the soda bottle
dangling from her nipples and jerked them up and apart until Edna was up on her
toes hollowing. When her howls turned to a hoarse whimpering Al growled "What
did I tell you about flaunting these boobies?"

   Stretching her toes in an attempt to ease the ripping pain in her breasts,
Edna sobbingly responded to Al's inquiry. "Al My Lord and Master, you warned me
that if I behave whorishly by strutting around like peacock, and attempt to
seduce My Lords and Masters by flaunting my boobies all over the ship, you would
staple them in place. That way I wouldn't be tempted to act so whorishly."

   "That's right Fucktoy, Al cooed as he released his grip on the bottle
attached to her left breasts.

   The two-liter bottle filled with water plummeted downward towards the deck.
It came to an abrupt halt when it played out the line it was secured to and
snapped Edna's left breasts downwards. Still holding onto the bottle that was
attached to Edna's right breast Al rapidly walked over to the torture equipment
footlocker, pulling Edna behind him. The bottle dangling from her left breast
bobbed and swung about as she scurried on her toes behind Al. Al pulled her
downward by her breast as he retrieve the staple-gun from the footlocker, then
back up on her toes when he stood up.

   "Put that left booby where it belongs!" Al snarled, as he shook her right
breast around.

   With trembling hands Edna squeezed her left tightly wrapped, coned left
breast back into the breast cup of the greasy, grimy, tattered designer evening
gown.

   "Hold the gown in place," snapped Al, as he pulled up on her right breast
even more.

   Edna pulled the gown fabric tautly across her left breast. Al held Edna up on
her toes by her right breast, as he fired fifteen staples through the gown
material and into the sobbing teen's left breast. Al grabbed the dangling left
tit bottle he jerked it up as her released the right tit bottle.

   "Cover that booby and hold!" Al snapped.

   Both Edna and Al repeated the step performed on Edna's left breast on her
right breast. When both breasts were stapled into the gown's breast cups Al
released the left tit bottle.

   "Test time! Shake them boobies!" Al snapped. "And no caterwauling."

   Tears streamed down Edna's face and low gurgling cries of anguish escaped
pass her tightly closed lips, as she shook her breasts. Though the swing bottles
pulled and jerked her breasts savagely they remain firmly within the gown's
breast cups.

   "TWAT!!!" Al bellowed, as he squatted down before Edna.

   Edna gathered up the skirt of the gown until her pussy was exposed. Al then
stapled the gathered gown skirt into Edna's abdomen.  Al hooked his index finger
into Edna's clit ring. Al pulled Edna's clit downwards until the tormented teen
dropped to her knees.

   "There that should take care of your shameless, brazen, whorish taunting. Now
get back to you assignment." Al giggled, as her released her clit ring.

   Edna struggled back up to her feet and scurried back towards the sewage tank.

   "Booby action!" Snapped Al.

   Edna rocked and shook her breasts, as she made her way back to the sewage
tank. The swaying, bobbing bottles sent wave after wave of searing pain
rocketing through her stapled breasts. Once at the tank she dropped down to her
knees and lifted the full container out of sewage tank. After she sealed the
container, but before she had a chance to exchange the full container to replace
it with an empty one Robert bellowed.

   "PIGLET, HALT!!!"

   Edna stopped cold. She groaned pitifully and cringed as Robert strutted
towards her his long thin, stiff cock swaying freely.

   "Suck!" Snapped Robert.

   Edna wrapped her lips around Robert cock and started sucking and licking it.

   Nudging the piss and shit filled container that Edna had just hauled out of
the sewage tank with his toe. "Place it on your head and hold it there."

   Robert tied a knot every three inches in the line attached to the container
that Edna held on her head, as she continue to suck and lick on Robert's prick.
After he finished placing knots in the line he held the container in place atop
of Edna's head and handed her the knotted line.

   "Feed the line through your clit ring, then your left ankle cuff." Robert
waited for Edna to carry out his instructions. "Good now hold the container.
Robert secured the knotted container to Edna's left wrist cuff.

   Just before his cock exploded Robert pulled the throbbing member out and
sprayed his jetting spunk over Edna's face. "Record usage," snapped Robert.

   With shaking hands Edna activated the green usage cylinder hanging around her
neck. When there was a soft click Edna separated the cylinder like a tube of
lipstick. The tip of section of the cylinder Edna held in her hand glowed
brightly, like an auto's cigarette lighter. Edna whimpered from pain as she
pressed the hot glowing tip of the green cylinder into the upper right section
of her chest. When Edna pulled the cylinder away a letter "R was seared into her
flesh, which joined other "R's" branded into her right upper chest. The brands
on Edna's upper chest indicated that Edna had used her mouth to service cock.
The letter "R" denoted that it was Robert's cock that she had sucked. With, her
flesh throbbing from the brand Edna returned the branding cylinder to its casing
hanging on the necklace around her neck.

   Looking up at Robert Edna choked back her sobbing, "Thank you for using fuck
central for your, cum deposit in my mealy mouth, Robert My Lord and Master."
Edna cajoled.

   "Don't forget the cycle usage. One brand for each hour." Giggled Al

   Praying that she had the count right, Edna activated the purple cylinder on
her necklace. When it was ready Edna press the glowing end of the purple
cylinder into her left thigh leaving behind 14 "E's" seared into her skin.

   "Don't forget the six hours that Frank helped you exercise. They go on the
right." Al snickered.

   Edna seared six "E's" into her right thigh for the hours the cycle drove
itself after Frank, flipped a few switches.

   "Thank you for allowing me to keep fuck central fit and trim, Al My Lord and
Master." Wooed Edna as she returned the cylinder to her necklace.

   "Oh! By the way Fucktoy for snoozing during your exercise period yesterday
the timer has been reset plus twelve more hours has been added. That's
forty-eight hours you owe."

   "Dear God please help me! I can't! Two whole days, I just can't. Please God!"
Edna cried to herself.

   "STAND AND SHAKE TITTIES!!"

   With tears streaming down her face, Edna shook and rocked her breasts as she
struggle off her knees to her feet, holding the piss and shit filled container
on her head. 

   "Lets see some tushie action," chirped Robert, as he attached Edna's right
wrist cuff to her punishment collar.

   Edna gyrated her hips lewdly as she continued to shake her stapled breasts.

   "Stay standing upright and toss the container to Titless," giggled Robert.

   After tossing the full container into the sewage tank Edna dropped her left
hand as far as she could and brace herself for what she knew what was coming.
When the falling container snapped the line tight Edna's clit was savagely
yanked downward, causing Edna to drop to her knees. As she knelt sobbing Robert
grabbed the bottle dangling from her right breast and yanking it upward. The
action forced Edna to stand back up strait then rise up on her toes.

   I told you to stay standing not to rest on your knees!" Robert roared. 

   Edna stood on her toes slight cocked to the right as Robert continued to hold
the bottle up high.

   "Now take that container back out of mommies home."

   Edna lifted her left arm up raising the piss and shit filled container back
up. Instead of the line sliding smoothly through Edna's clit and ankle rings the
knots in the line cause the line bumped over the rings. The line bumping through
her ankle cuff ring didn't bother Edna at all. But that tiny bit of relief was
over shadowed by agonizing pain racing through her clit as the knots bumped over
her clit ring.

   The container was pulled only a quarter of the way up when Edna had her arm
fully extended above her head. She looked pleadingly at Robert.

   "Oh-well that method does not seem to work very well. Lower the container and
try to raise it with another method." Robert giggled as he swatted Edna's
gyrating rump.

   More pain race through her clit as Edna lowered her arm and the knots bump
back across her clit ring. Edna lifted her left arm again. This time she brought
it up to the hand attach to her punishment collar, but before she could grasp
the line with her right hand Robert punched her in her gut. Then he grasped the
pinkie on Edna's right hand and bent it backward to near the braking point.

   "That's a no, no! If I catch you trying to use this hand again I'll cut its
fingers off!" Robert growled. "Now lower the container and try again."

   Gasping from the impact of the blow to her stomach, Edna dropped her left arm
back down, allowing the knotted line to bump over her clit ring. Edna begin
lifting the container dangling in the sewage tank back up by coiling the line in
her hand until the container was resting on the deck. Agonizing pain spiked
through her clit every time one of the knots in the line was ratcheted through
her clit ring.

   "I knew that even a dimwitted slutty bitch like you would eventually figure
how to get that container out of mommies home. Now lift it off the deck so it's
dangling from that pathetic clitty. "

   Edna coiled the line in her hand until the container of piss and shit clear
the deck.

   "All the way Piglet."

   Edna coiled the rope until the top of the container butted against her clit
ring. Robert released his grip on the bottle he was holding. Edna's breast was
snapped downward when the bottle reached the end of its travel.

   Robert squatted down and thumped the container dangling from Edna's clit.
"Piglet, this container serves the same function that your titty bottles serve.
You are to carry it around with you in this position, just in case some cocktail
is needed. Now go get an empty container."

   Edna glanced down between her stapled breast with their dangling soda bottles
to the piss and shit container dangling from her clit, as she scurried towards
the container locker. The container dangling from her clit was twice as heavy as
one of the soda bottles. The container held a gallon of piss and shit, whiled
each soda bottle held a little over two quarts of dirty dishwater.

   "Titty and tush action," Robert snapped. "I'm not going to tell you again.
You will not be at all pleased with what will happen to you if you're caught
with them titties and tush idle again."

   Edna jiggled her breasts and gyrated her hips, as she took an empty container
from the locker and scurried back to the sewage tank.

   "Lower the cocktail to the deck and completely uncoil the line from that
paw."

   Edna whined as the cocktail container bumped its way down to the deck.

   "Here slut; use this to attach the empty container to the full one."

   Edna took the short piece of line from Robert and joined the two containers
together with it.

   "Pick up the containers and stand strait."

   Edna knew what was coming and began to tremble.

   "Remain standing strait. And I do mean perfectly strait," Robert warned the
trembling teen. "And toss the containers into mommies home."

   Having done it before Edna was more prepared for the ripping pain that was
created when the containers, line snapped taunt. Edna's knees did buckle
slightly but she remained standing jiggling her breasts and gyrating her hips.

   Edna groaned mournfully, her clitty felt every mouthful of extra weight that
her mother spit into the empty container. Her mother pulled twice on the line
when she had finished filling the second container, which yanked Edna's, clit.

   Edna lifted both piss and shit filled containers up out of the sewage tank by
wrapping the line around her left hand. Every time one of the knots bumped over
her clit ring, Edna was sure that her clit was being ripped out by its root.

   Edna sobbed uncontrollably, as the image of Beth's dangling, blacken, dead
clit formed in her mind. Edna was sure that her own clit would soon be
completely destroyed.

   Edna envied Beth. Beth had gotten years and years of sexual bliss from her
clit.  Whereas the only thing that Edna had gotten from her clit was agonizing
pain. And now she was destroying her clit as she hauled up two gallons of shit
and piss. When both containers butted against her clit Robert's jovial voice
sang out

   "Lower the cocktails to the deck, cap the secondary. Then lick both
containers clean. Remove the secondary and place it with the other full
containers. Get a empty and repeat the cycle until your told to stop."

   Edna was left alone to jiggle her breasts, gyrate her hips and fill piss and
shit containers that dangling from her clit, as the Anderson brother moved off
to entertain themselves with one or more of the other sex-slaves.

   As Al turned to leave he bellowed over his shoulder at the sobbing teen.
"Fucktoy, if you happen to get tired of filling the cocktail containers let me
know. And I'll let you work off some of the hours you owe me on the exercise
cycle. And I can't hear your radio message. Have fun!"

   Edna looked tearfully over at the exercise cycle sitting ominously on the aft
deck. Edna would do anything to stay away from the accursed thing. She would
rather torture herself by lowering and lifting piss and shit containers then
jockeying those containers around by her clit rather than being strap to the
exercise cycle. So Edna continued to torture her own clit as she bellowed as
loud as her damage vocal cords would allow her to, which was barely above a
whisper her Mayday massage.

   Edna shuddered as she rocked her shoulders, which caused the bottles filled
with dirty soapy dishwater that were hooked through her breast jerked and
snapped the lushes well marked mounds of flesh. But thanks to Al's
thoughtfulness Edna's coned breast remained tucked into the breast cups of her
torn and grimy evening gown.

   Edna's attention was diverted from the loathing exercise cycle and back to
the sewage tank as her mother pulled on the line running through her clit ring.
Edna sighed deeply as she lifted the two containers of shit and piss out of the
sewage tank.

   As she and her mother filled container after container with the vile cocktail
solution, Edna listened to the anguishing howls of the other captives. Edna
dropped the ninety-fifth container in to the tank with her mother. That left her
with only one more container to fill before she would have to round up the
missing four containers to bring the total to a hundred. Then she could empty
them and start over. Edna looked over to the spot where Elizabeth received her
"medical payment" beating and saw one of the missing containers. She was pretty
sure that two other missing containers were on the mess deck. The forth, missing
container was hanging from Elizabeth's ponytail. Which was filled with gruel
that was flowing into the fourteen-year-old gullet. "What was Al's daughter
trying to say about the gruel before her father and uncles let loose on her?"
Edna wondered to herself.

   "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, our My Lord and Masters wants that
worthless, nasty twat of yours on the stern of the garbage scowl of Noodles the
Faggot! 

   Edna looked up from the container on the deck to the completely unbound form
of Mary with green-eyed envy. As she pulled the two containers out of the sewage
tank she kept her eyes locked onto her, High Priestess of the Twats. Dress only
in a bodice that let her tits stick out. Around her waist was a belt with
several whips and paddles. And the standard collar, cuffs, and rings that all of
the toys had on. Other then that the only thing attached to her body was a tube
of lipstick, that dangled from her clit ring that she kept her pussy lip and
pussy mound colored with.

   Edna covetously stared at Mary. Even during the ten days of bliss when she
was the overseer of the toys Edna had to suffer in bondage. Her Elbows were
shackled together behind her so that they touched. Her breasts were very tightly
wrapped with fishing line, so that they stuck out like twin traffic cones. And
from each of those cones hanging by fishhooks imbedded in the soft tussle of her
breasts was a two-liter soda bottle filled with water. Her father was strap to
her rear with his soft cock up her shitter. The soft male member was stitch in
place by fifty sutures going through her father's prick and the thin wall that
separated her vaginal passage from her rectum. God how she wished to be free of
her bondage as Mary was.

   Once Edna removed the half filled cocktail container from the line running
through her clit and drew the full container up till it touched her clit ring,
Edna headed towards her fathers yacht.

   As she trudged pass Mary, she was treated to a whip lashing across her back.
Mary cooed sweetly, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, are we forgetting
something?"

   Though the lashing across her back was very light Edna stopped and turned to
face Mary. Mary was cupping her pooched out pussy on wide spread legs. Groaning
Edna dropped to her knees between Mary's spread legs and paid homage to her High
Priestess of the Twats. After licking and sucking Mary's pussy and clit, Edna
flopped on top of her father to receive atonement. With her homage and atonement
completed Edna assumed her position and chirped sweetly, "Thank you, for using
Fuck Central for your twat cream deposit in my mealy mouth.

   Mary activated the pink cylinder around Edna's neck and seared an up right
"P" into her left cheek.

   Just as she stepped up onto the gangplank Mary called out to her, "Oh, by the
way, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy." Mary sweetly chirped, as if she had
just remembered something she had forgotten. "Al Our Lord and Master, wants you
to bring ten container of yummy cocktail with you. You are to bring them using
your boobies and your nasty twat lips. The backup container hanging from your
clitty is not to be included as one of the ten containers."

   Edna wanted to scream in pure frustration as she stepped back down onto the
Scorpion's deck. This time she didn't pass Mary. Instead she dropped to her
knees in front of the pooched out pussy and went through the High Priestess of
the Twats ritual, and receiving another upright "P" into her left cheek, before
returning to the stern to retrieve the ten piss and shit filled containers.

   Edna trembled to the core as she boarded her father's yacht. The other
hapless victims of the Anderson brothers were huddled around the stern in a "U"
formation, facing a canvas tarp stretching between the port and starboard
railings.

   Gloria, Betty, Marsha, and Lori were bound exactly as they were during Sports
Day activities.

   Al's wife was rigged to a stair walker. Her neck and wrist were secured in a
stock that made her bend over at the waist. A pole fixed to the platform, with a
mammoth dildo was shoved up her cunt. As she walked the dildo rocked back and
forth painfully in her twat. Linda's breasts and pussy lips rings were attached
to the peddles of the stair walker by wires, so that as Linda walked her breast
and pussy lips would be painfully jerked and stretched. Also as Linda walked a
series of cat-of-nine-tails fixed to a wheel rigged behind her would slash her
ass. Edna saw that like the exercise cycle the stair walker was wired so that if
Linda would stop walking she would be jolted by the ship's power supply. And
lastly dangling from her clit was one of Elizabeth's fifty-pound weights.

    Beth was bound in wheeble fashion and sitting atop a dildo pole. Lines
hooked to her pussy lip rings were passing through a couple of eyebolts in the
deck that was stretching the lips to the max. Lines hooked to her breast rings
stretched her breasts up to an inverted shape "L" towering over her head. And
Elizabeth's other fifty-pound weight hung from her clit.

   Helen was secured upside down in a two-tier stock. Her wrist and neck were in
the bottom stocks. Then she was bent backwards and her feet were secured in the
top stocks. Like Gloria her thirty-eight double "D" breasts were being squished
wafer thin between two boards. The nipples that were sticking out from the
boards and her clit were being drawn together. Protruding out of her cunt was a
thick candle, which was lit. Hot melted candle wax was coating the front of
Helen's torso. Which bore the marks of a fresh brutal lashing and was adorn with
over five hundred colorful chart pins.  Lastly Helen's tongue had been pierced
with a ring and it was being stretched taunt and secured to the deck.

   Bonnie was also bound up as a wheeble. She was sitting on a triangle shape
block of wood. The apex dug deeply into her cunt. A hot air gun set to high was
blowing hot air into her cunt. And like Beth her breasts were being stretched up
towards an inverted "L" that kept her upright on the block.

   Al's daughter was at the bottom of the "U" fixed to a St. Andrew cross.
Alligator clips were chewing into her budding nipples they were being pulled
upward and secured to her pinkie fingers.

   Just beneath Elizabeth in the Random Access captain's chair sat Mary,
completely unbound.  She had her head tilted back with her mouth sucking and
licking Elizabeth's little developing clit and pussy. A thick coat of cream
covered her face. 

   The Anderson brothers were standing just to the starboard side of Mary. At
the moment their attention was fixated on Gloria. Al was running a jagged
fingernail around the butterfly pussy lips, while Frank was expanding the rectal
expansion tube, the same one that was used to place the spiked balls in her
father's rectum. Robert was hanging weight after weight on her breast rings that
were protruding through the boards.

   "Al My Lord and Master, I, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy is reporting
for duty as ordered." Groaned Edna.

   Al stopped racing his finger around Gloria's stretched pussy lips long enough
to punch Edna in the gut. Without saying a word Al hooked his thumb towards Mary
then he plunged his fist into Gloria's gapping pussy.

   The powerful blow to her gut made Edna collapse to the deck upon her knees.
As she fought to get air back into her lungs she crawled between Mary's legs and
sputtered, "I am nothing but lowlife useless twat. I adore my High Priestess of
the Twats. My High Priestess of the Twats has the only worthy twat around here.
May I pay homage to my High Priestess twat and have my own worthless twat whip
by my wonderful High Priestess." Edna chirped with mock cheerfulness, then begin
lapping Mary's pussy.

   "On your feet, Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy. Keep licking till
you're given permission to stop," Mary cooed.

   Without stopping her snatch licking Edna rose to her feet. When she was on
her feet, Mary lean forward and planted her elbows into Edna's kidneys and
rocked them back and forth. Out of the corner of her eye Edna watched her Lords
and Masters stop there tormenting of Gloria and head aft. After about fifteen
minutes of lapping pussy, Mary stopped rocking her left elbow into Edna's right
kidney. With her left index finger Mary trace the junction between James's groin
and Edna's rump.

   "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, for being such a devoted worshiper I,
your High Priestess of the Twats am going to bestow a gift to you."

   Edna groaned into the pussy she was licking, as she felt her father's cock
expand in her shitter. "Thank you for marvelous gift, My High Priestess of the
Twats."

   "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy, the toys would like some cool
refreshment. So if its not too much trouble, would you give all of them some of
that yummy cocktail you're carrying? Start with Slimy, Sludge Meat then cross
over to Bilge Rat. And work your way down to Sweet Pea."

   As Edna scurried over to Linda a loud thumping bang erupting from behind the
tarp startled Edna. Nervously she stared at the tarp, thinking that Al and his
brothers were setting up some horrible torture device for her. As the air
reverberated with two more bangs, a myriad of horrible torture apparatuses
flashed through her mind.

   Edna worked her way around the "U" hooking up a container of piss and shit to
the each of the dildos stuffing the mouths of the toys and hung the containers
above each head like an IV bottle. Except for Helen whose tongue was being
stretched out. Edna removed the tube from Helen's dildo, which was lying on the
deck and feed the tube down Helen's throat then hooked up the container of
cocktail. When she got to the bottom of the "U" Helen wasn't in her chair so
Edna used it to climb up to Elizabeth to hook up a container of shit and piss to
Al's daughter.

   Once standing back on the deck Edna glance down at the last remaining
container that she was commanded to bring, dangling from her left pussy lip.
Mary had said "give all of the toys some yummy cocktail." She herself was a toy.
So sighing deeply Edna removed the last container dangling from her left pussy
lip and started to drink its contents.  She stared at the tarp praying that
whatever the Al and his brothers were up to was not going to be to painful, Edna
doubted it but she prayed anyway. Mary stepped out from behind the tarp and
sashay like a cheep streetwalker over to Edna. Once again the two sex slaves
went through the twat ritual and the usage branding,

   Tilting Edna's face up so that both sex slaves were looking at each other.
Gently stroking Edna's hair and cooed sweetly, "Would Piglet the sex crazed
Nymphet Fucktoy like to have Noodles the FAGGOT unstrapped from her heinie?"

   A spark of hope gleamed in Edna's eyes. "Oh, yes! Yes My High Priestess of
the Twats. I Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy would very much like to have
Noodles the FAGGOT unstraped from my heinie."

   Grabbing Edna's breast rings, Mary lead her to a spot at the center of the
"U" facing port. "Then stand in this spot and don't budge."

   Edna stood on wide spread legs as Mary started removing the straps that were
keeping father and daughter fused together. As Mary reached for the last strap
Edna begin to panic.

   "Oh God! Wait! Please wait! My father's cock is still sewn up my ass. Please
remove the sutures first! Please!" Pleaded Edna.

   "Tough titty said the kitty! Now shut the fuck up!" Boomed Al, as he stepped
from behind the tarp.

   Edna choked back her screams, as the last strap was removed. Edna stood on
wide trembling legs as her father hung from her rear only by the sutures between
James's hyper extended prick and the thin wall of flesh between Edna' vagina and
rectum. Stars exploded behind her eyes from the ripping pain.

   Edna watched Mary with the straps in hand, sashayed over to the captain's
chair and sit in it with her legs spread wide. "Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet
Fucktoy, look this way and STRIP!" Mary bellowed.

   Edna whimpered as the staples popped out of her abdomen, as she pulled the
ruin designer gown off. Her whimpering nearly turn to howls as the staples were
pulled out of her tightly bound coned breasts. As she pulled the gown off, Edna
heard the rustling of the tarp.

   No sooner then the gown clear her head Mary marked, "Piglet the sex crazed
Nymphet Fucktoy, what are you?"

   Keeping her eyes locked on Mary, Edna dropped the gown and snapped into her
position. "Hello my name is Piglet the sex crazed Nymphet Fucktoy. I am a
fucking station with three service tunnels ready for use. Please use anyone of
my fuck tunnels or use any two fuck tunnels or even all three, fuck tunnels for
your sexual pleasure. I am sorry to inform you that due to my incestuous wanton
need to have sex with my daddy all the time, my poop-chute which is my best fuck
tunnel is being corn hole by my daddies puny faggot dong. However my nasty
steamy twat and mealy mouth is available for any and all usage, for your sexual
pleasure. They are also very popular as you can see by the usage indicators.
Thank you for using Fuck Central for all of your cum deposits."

   "Lets see your usage marks, Fucktoy." Cooed Al.

   In one sweeping motion Edna stood strait, started tracing the brands on her
chest and abdomen, and turn towards the stern. Edna froze in place and gasped as
her eyes locked onto the scene before her on the stern.

   Striped nude bound and gagged were two of her friends from Young Christians
for Sexual Abstinence and Sister Beatrice the organization matriarch in Hawaii.

   The three new females were all bound the same way. Their legs were secured to
the deck, spread wide apart. A chain from the leather belt tightly clinched
around there waist, was attached to a set of parallel bars towering ten feet
above them, so that they were force to stand on there toes. Another chain
running from the punishment collar, to the deck kept the new females bent over
at the waist. There arms were drawn behind there backs and secured to overhead
parallel bars to form a "V" A leather thong was tied to there hair and to the
tightly clinching waist belt, so that the head was drawn back so they were
staring right at Edna. Six breasts were ballooned out by rubberbands. And lastly
their mouths were stuffed with massive dildos.

   Behind each of the new captives stood one of the Anderson brothers. Robert
was standing behind Sister Beatrice, Frank was behind her best friend in Hawaii
Leslie who was a year younger then her, and Al was behind Mavis who was only
thirteen years old.

   You Pro Cherries bitches may thank Edna for your present here in this
condition and these gifts. Giggled Al.

   Three muffled screams echoed through the cove as three hymens were ripped to
shreds, by the mighty pricks of the Anderson brothers.

   Staring at her best friend as her Lords and Masters brutally raped virginal
cunts Edna wept,  "Dear God, I'm so sorry! Please forgive me!" Tears streamed
down her face as she continued to trace the usage brands on her chest and
abdomen with her father poking her shitter. "PLEASE FORGIVE ME!!!"

  

  

  
CLOSE LOG BOOK ON
SALVAGING OF THE
PLEASURE YACHT
RANDOM ACCESS




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  R.B. Thibo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





