BDSM Library - A Visit to John




A Visit to John
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Allene accepts spanking from neighbor for damaging car.
Okay all you over eighteeners. This is based on scenario provided by
Squire Hobbit. Blame him if it squicks you. nudity, strapping torso, sex,
hint of incest.

loveya allene




                  A Visit To John by allene

Gosh I don't know why I was so dumb. I had been driving for a whole year
when I went into the garage a little too fast and hit the fender of dad's
riding mower causing it to cut in and flatten the tire.

I really felt guilty and ran into the house to confess. They were both
mad. Dad for the time and money to get it repaired and Mom in fear that
the lawn wouldn't be mowed for her garden party. I thought they may revert
to a spanking as they had done until I turned 16 but instead they said I
would not be able to drive again for a month. I hated that since it would
not allow me to feel forgiven as I could be after a spanking. I tried to
explain that to them and offered to be spanked but they agreed I was now
too old for that which just frustrated me.I think I know the real reason
my spankings stopped. In my last one When my jeans were pullled down I was
wearing thong panties to completely bare my buns and was wearing a half
-shirt that worked over my boobs as I hung down oner the chair back. It
was obvious the sight of my now fully formed body excited Dad as he
dragged Mom to the bedroom right after my spanking. The next day Mom said
no more spankings.

 Mom just left to do chores stopping further argument and I started to
walk out feeling depressed When Dad said Jokingly, "Hey. If you think you
need a spanking. Talk to John next door. Remember when you ran over his
plants with your bike about four years ago. He about wore out your jeans."

I definitely remembered that. John was really pissed when I lost control
of my bike and ran over the line of flowers by the sidewalk. So pissed he
dragged me into his house to give me a really hard spanking. I told Dad
and Mom about it but lied and said he had spanked me on top of my jeans.
Actually only a few hit my jeans before he unsnapped them and jerked them
and my panties down to mid-thigh to redden my butt with his hand. It was
strange. It hurt just as bad as Dad's spankings but there was an element
of excitement added by having a handsome stranger doing it and a perverse
thrill in knowing he could see my sex between my legs. Mom and Dad were
not mad at him since they thought I definitely deserved the spanking and
didn't have a clue about the sexual connotations.

 I avoided his place from then on embarrassed at the fact that his
spanking had made me really excited which seemed perverse.

But now the timing seemed right and Dad's suggestion although not serious
seemed to be approval. I said, "Daddy. I know it was Mom's idea not to
spank me any more. If I come home with a red bottom will at least you
forgive me?"

He looked shocked but then grinned and said, "Sure Allene. But this will
have to be our little secret okay. Your Mom doesn't think it is right for
me to see you naked anymore. If you do that I will make up for your
driving loss by buying you the leather skirt you have been nagging Mom
about."

God that confirmed it, I ran over to hug him noticing a bulge in his pants
as I pressed my boobs and tummy in to him saying, "I will earn it Daddy.
You'll see. I'll show you when Mom is at her club meeting tonight."

He said with a stammer, "Ookay. Remember this is our secret."

I went over to John Goetz house. He had a funny nickname. "Squire Hobbit"
At my knock he yelled out to "Come in."

I went in to see him wearing a white T-shirt and cut off jeans flipping
channels on the TV.

He looked up and seemed very surprised to see me. "Jesus! Allene. What are
you doing here. I haven't seeen you since your spanking. I thought you
were hating me."

I blushed and said, "No. I have been avoiding you since I was embarrassed
over you having seen me naked during the soanking. I don't hate you. I
deserved the spanking."

John grinned and said, "You were just starting to blossom then. There is a
lot more to see now. Why are you here?"

I blushed again noticing he was staring at my 35 C boobs standing up
proudly to pull my half-shirt away from my flat tummy and tiny innie
belly-button. Then said, "You may think this is strange. Mom and Dad
stopped spanking me a year ago and now I have done something that deserves
a spanking, Since they won't do it I thought you might."

To my surprise You became immediately suspicious saying, "Wait! This seems
awful suspicious. How do I know you haven't decided to get even with me
for the first spanking by taking another then having me arrested for
assault?

"No! I wouldn't do that. I don't hate you for the other spanking. Actually
it excited me a little more than it hurt me." That was an understatement.
I had ran home to lock the door of my room to masturbate my self to a
great orgasm but I couldn't admit that.

He still looked doubtful so I said, "If you want I will write a note
saying I want you to do it."

"No. That wouldn't prove anything. You could just say I forced you to
write the note. I have an idea that would work though. I have a video
camera. If you were to ask for a spanking on tape and take off all your
clothes for it no-one would believe you were forced."

I really blushed then but had to admit it would protect him. I could never
press charges with the probability of that tape being showed to jurors and
no doubt leaked to the media. I just didn't know if I had the nerve to go
through with it. I had never planned to be completely nude and now the
tape could be used as blackmail to make me accept much more than I had
planeed. Still there was a perverse pleasure in knowing he would watch the
tape over and over and I would be kind of like a movie star.

I took a deep breath and murmured, "I'll do it." John said, "Louder. What
will you do?"

I blushed and stammered, "I'll take off my clothes and ask you for a
spanking."

"I'll get the camera but I think we will make it a little more elaborate
than that."

I stood there trembling in a combination of fear and excitement as he came
back into the room sliding a tape in his camcorder.

Then he said, "Okay. Here is what I want you to do. I want you to say 'I
have been a very naughty girl. I want to take off all of my clothes so you
can punish my butt and thighs with your hand and hairbrush then my tummy
and boobies with your belt.' Then after you are naked I will follow you
with the camera as you go to my bedroom to get my long handled brush and
pick out a belt."

This was getting more perverse by the second! I had just planned a simple
over the knees spanking like he had done when I was twelve which I knew
would hurt. I had never been hit on my tummy or boobies and it scared me
especially not knowing how low on my tummy he planned to hit.

I said, "Ooh I have never had my boobs and tummy spanked. It may be too
much."

"I'll tell you what I will do. I will give you a safe word, 'Mercy' if it
gets too much just say Mercy and I will stop."

"Really? Do you promise?"

"Yes. Of course. I don't want to hurt you more than you can stand. Also
you won't be tied or anything so you can always run away."

That relieved me but I planned to yell Mercy right away. I said "I guess I
am ready."

He turned on the camera and I guess I am a born tease. Rather than just
shucking off my clothes as soon as possible, I kicked off my shoes then
slowly lowered my jeans bit by bit to reveal my liittle white panties
until they were at my knees and I let them fall to step out of them. Then
I slowly pulled my half-shirt over my head stretching up my arms knowing
that from hours of posing naked in front of my bedroom mirror my body
would look great.

I took off the bra noticing my pink nipples had become stiff. I let my
palms run over them giving a little shudder at the sensation. Then I slid
down the panties hoping he would not mind my hairless vagina I kept
plucked to keep hair from showing around my cheerleader tights.

He loved it! For the first time saying anything. "God. You are beautiful.
I will see that hairless pussy turning pink then red."

I think I knew "Tummy" was an euphenism for my pussy area so that didn't
really scare me especially with my "Safe" word.

I walked to his bedroom looking back and smiling at the blinking red light
on his camera then opened his closet door. The hairbrush was there but it
was like nothing I had ever seen before with a handle and oblong brush
area about 18 inches long. I lifted it off it's hook and looked at a large
collection of belts. I realized he was giving me a break. Some of the
little dressbelts made of cloth would not hurt at all. there were belts
from about a 1/2 inch wide up to 3 inches. but I noticed one belt a little
thicker than the others had the buckle cut off and I was sure this was his
belt of choice. I don't know what got in to me. I could have chosen just a
little one that would barely sting but I picked this one I knew would
hurt. I knew I had made the right choice when he took his eye away from
the camera to grin at me.

By now I was used to being nude and followed him as he walked backwards
recording me as I held the belt and brush over my head and grinned while
letting my hips and boobies sway.

He put the camera on a tripod then led me over to a straight backed chair.
I thought he might want me to lean over it but instead he sat on the chair
and pulled me over his legs.I let myself fold over his thighs feeling the
hair on his legs tickling my tummy. He said, "Move your hands out in front
of you. I don't want to have your arms block the view of the camera."

I stretched pot my arms feelin my breasts hanging for a moment then I
heard a "Whap!" followed immediately by a sharp sting on my left
buttcheek. Naturally I jumped which made my boobs swing and sway.Just as
they settled down there was another "Whap!" to my right cheek to make the
boobs jump again as I gasped from the sting that seemed to radiate clear
inside me. Then the stings alternated back and forth from one cheek to
another to kepp my body in constant motion. I opened my legs to let my
pussy press on his leg as my excitement began to override the stings. The
excitement leaped when he let the tips of his fingers go into my ass crack
to sting my little rosebud then he moved to my thighs and occassionally
the fingertips would grab at my labia to make me gasp ans stiffen. My butt
and thighs were hot and stinging when he said, "Okay Allene. It is time
for the second phase. Get up. I don't have room to swing the brush."

I got up feeling very disoriented.My butt and thighs were hot and stinging
but I only felt excitement that was making me tremble and breathe hard. He
led me over to the couch and told me to hold on to the back. This bent me
over at a 90 degree angle and again let my boobies hang for the camera to
record their dance as my ass was hit.

He stepped back making sure he did not block the view of the camcorder
then I heard a whistle just before a much worse sting than his hand fell
right on the fullest part of my butt. I jumped and yipped but managed to
keep my grip on the back of the couch. He waited a second to let the sting
radiate then ther was another that didn't seeem quite so bad then two
quite close together right at the junction of my thighs to Buns
millimeters from my pussy lips. I howled and raised up only to have John
push my head back down level. It then went on and on hitting the same
places until I became a little numb and only noticed the sting seeming to
sink into my vagina to radiate through my guts.


Suddenly he stopped to say," Time for third phase Allene. Put your butt up
on the top of the couch back. While I tie your ankles to the legs."
I perched up there stinging, hot, and sweaty as he pulled my legs open to
tie them to the legs at each end. They were pulled so far open the tendon
showed in my inner thigh and I noticed my pussy lips had opened slightly
to make liquid there shimmer in the bright light.
He took my shoulders to let me down backwards until I was doing the
backbend with my tummy tight and my boobies near my face, I asked if he
would tie my wrists but he said, "No. I want you to show how brave you
are. I want you to keep your hands over your head. If you try to protect
yourself with your hands this strap will be exchanged for a cane. I knew
that would be bad and blubbered"No, I'll do it. How many lashes."
"At least twenty but I will continue until you either scream mercy or have
an orgasm. I remember at 12 you got really wet from your spanking and now
you are soaked and your nipples and clit are hard. You should go into
orgasm soon."
Then he bgan with the strap. He hit randomly to get all of my body
stinging as soon as possible jumping from my thighs to my boobs to my
tummy back to boobs then other thigh then across both nipples then up into
my slit barely missing my clit My body seemed to catch on fire but the
thrill made it worth it. Soon I was gasping and moaning as shocks of
orgasms couraed theough my body growing stronger with each lash until I
slumped in exhaustion.

John said, "You did fine Allene. I am proud of you for not trying to cover
up. Stand up and I will put some salve on you so you can go home in about
an hour."

That had never occurred to me. Although my wrists hadn't been tied it
seemed impossible to move them as the strap made my boobs jump my tummy
quiver and my pussy squirm. I stood shakily with my hands on his shoulders
while he caressed som lotion on the reddened areas of my butt,thighs,
tummy, boobs and last but certainly not least my pussy which was red and
puffy looking. He used one hand on my boobs and the other on my pussy
which made me moan, "Oh God. That feels so good!"

He said, "Have you made love Allene? You are very wet."
"No, not with a man. just a couple of boys."
"I think you are ready for a man."
He was so right! He was nothing like the boys who had barely got in to me
before shooting and pulling out. He took a long time and brought me to yet
more orgasms. Not only that he knew how to excite so much of me at pnce by
seating me on his dick while paddling mu butt with a ping pong paddle to
make me move while using his teeth to nibble on my nipples. I was in lust!
I could hardly wait to see him again and said I would be back Saturday to
see the video he had made and to make more love. I hated to go but I knew
I had to get back as I had one more chore. I was going to show Dad my red
body. I knew he would be surprised it wasn't limited to my butt."
I got home just as Mom was leaving.She didn't notice I had not bothered to
put the bra back on although my boobs moved under the t-shirt at each
step. I went directly to Dad sitting on the couch And turned my back to
slide down my jeans to reveal my red and purple butt. He let out a low
whistle and said, "Jesus. He really did a job on you."

I said, "I know that is my fault. I wanted to pay for the damage. There is
more. Look."

I turned to face him letting the jeans drop to my ankles as I pulled the
shirt over my head. He stared awestruck for a moment at my red body from
the top of my boobs to my anus. The he jumped up saying, Go take a cool
bath. I have something I have to take care of."

I grinned knowing that something was his dick that he was clutching as he
hurried off. It seemed really special to be able to excite my own father.

More later maybe if you like it. Allene




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





