BDSM Library - Kings and Queens




Kings and Queens
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two high school girls will accept pain and humilation to join a cool group of rich students. 12 parts.
                                           KINGS AND QUEENS.

My Dad got a new job so we moved into town. I hated leaving my old school since
I was a sophomore now and  was allowed to date.  My Dad and Mom both worked the
swing shift which started at four and ended at midnight so I only saw them
briefly since I got home from school at 3:30PM. Mom always had a dinner for me
in the fridge to warm up in the microwave but I was pretty lonely and happy to
meet Trish who was assigned to show me around the school. We had a lot in
common. Her Dad worked at the same plant as mine  and we were both pretty and
had good figures, especially for sophomores. She told me the school was a
collection of cliques and none of them mixed. She pointed out the nerds, and the
farmers who were in 4-H, the car nuts, the motorcycle nuts, the drug fiends
which left only a few normal people who pretty well kept to themselves. Then she
pointed out  the "Cool People" She said they all had cars and money and had a
lot of parties. There were eight of them who had taken over a table at the
window. They were dressed nice and kind of oozed sophistication.

 I said." I think that is the group I want to be in."

Trish laughed and said,"Lots of luck. They wouldn't have anything to do with
us."

"How do you know? We are both as pretty as any of them."

"Yeah but they are juniors and seniors. Other sophomores have tried to be
friendly with them and they either ignored them or humiliated them."

"Oh what do we have to lose. We may as well try."

"Okay. Don't feel bad if they snub you."

I pulled Trish over to the table with me and said, "Hi. I am Barbie and this is
Trish. I am new to the school and after looking around I think you are the group
I would like to join."

One girl smiled and said, "Well hi Barbie. Where is Ken."

I smiled back and said,"Yeah I get that a lot."

Another girl sneered and said, "Move on. We don't mess with trailer trash."

I said indignantly, "We are not trailer trash. Our Dad's work at the Pittman
plant and make good money."

A boy said, "No shit. My Dad owns the plant."

Then the girl who had made the Ken joke said, "Look if you want to be with us
you have to dress like us not in that Walmart shit."

I was hurt because she was right. Mom bought all my clothes at Walmart because
they were good and also cheap. I looked closer at them and realized thery were
wearing a kind of uniform. The girls all had short leather skirts and Calvin
Klein  t-shirts they had trimmed shorter so their belly buttons would show and
the boys wore black slacks and expensive looking silk shirts.

We moved on and Trish said,"See. Those leather skirts cost about a hundred
dollars. and the t-shirts are thirty. No way my Mom is going to spend that kind
of money on clothes and I'll bet yours won't either."

"You are right about that. She has already spent my clothes allowance for the
year. Do they wear the same thing all the time?"

"Pretty much except for different shirts. Why?"

"Well we would only have to get one outfit and maybe we could find a bargain we
can afford.. Let's go shopping after school."

We shopped every store in town but the best we could find for the skirts and a
couple of shirts.was a hundred dollars. I said,"Well shit. I guess we are
fucked. Mom is not going to give me a hundred for clothes and I only have about
thirty dollars saved from my allowance."

Trish said I have forty so we only need a hundred and thirty for both of us."

"It may as well be a thousand, there is no way we can get that kind of money."

"I know how we can get the money but you might not want to do it."

"Hey I will do most anything. This has become a matter of pride."

"Well this is embarrassing. Promise you won't tell anyone."

"Hell who am I going to tell. I don't know anybody."

"Well once I broke one of Mom's crystal vases. I knew she had paid fifty dollars
for it because I was there when she bought it.  I knew she would shit so I went
to my uncle to see if he would loan me the money. When I told him what had
happened he said that he would not loan me the money or give me the money and
since I should be punished he would let me have the money for $2.50 per spank on
my bottom. . That was only twenty spanks and I thought Mom would give me more so
I went for it. I laid over his lap and he hit my butt twenty times with his
hand."

"God Dad uses his belt on me. I would go for that."

"Really? There is more. He pulled up my skirt and pulled down my panties to
spank my bare heinie."

"Oh that is embarrassing but your pussy is still hidden.so I would still go for
it if you would."

"Hell he has seen my butt and he doesn't spank near as hard as Mom. Let's go see
him."

We went to her Uncle Dick's house. He answered the door and I saw he was a knd
of distinguished looking guy about sixty years old. He said,"Well hi Trish. I
haven't seen you for a long time. I thought you may be hating me."

Trish blushed knowing he was refering to the spanking and said,"No I have just
been busy getting ready for school and things."

"Well come on in."

He sat down in a big chair and we sat across from him on a couch then Trish said
nervously, "Uncle Dick. We need money. A lot of it. A hundred and thirty
dollars. but Barbie and I will accept twenty six spanks apiece for it. That was
the deal last time."

He said, "Hum. that is a lot of money. As you know I am living on social
security and a few investments. Does Barbie know it will be bare bottom."

"Yes sir and that is all right. Please we are desperate."

I thought that was a mistake and I was right.

He got a crafty look on his face and said,"Desperate huh. Ok I will give you the
money only it will be thirty spanks each and you will take off the skirts and
panties completely."

Trish whispered.'Oh God. What do you think?"

I whispered, "You shouldn't have told him we were desperate but okay. he is old
and is not interested in us sexually."

Trish said,"Okay. We will do it."

He said,"Fine. Trish go get a kitchen chair."

She dragged one in from the kitchen and placed it in front of him.

Then he said,"Okay girls. Take off the skirts and panties."

I hadn't counted on that. I was hoping for a quick strip before the spanking and
then redressing to be clothed as long as possible but I was committed by then
and joined Trish in undressing.

When the skirts and panties were off we held our hands in front of our pussies
but he said sharply, "Hands at your sides."

We reluctantly moved our hands to our sides and stood there blushing while he
stared at our pussies with the sparse hair. Finally he said,"Okay who will be
first."

Trish said. "It was my idea so I will."

He sat in the kitchen chair and waved her over. She went to him and he pulled
her over on his lap. when her head was down the blouse slipped down to her neck
so she was totally naked except for the little bra.

He began spanking her and I saw her bottom sink and ripple under his hand as he
hit one cheek then the other. Her butt got real red but she was brave only
making little gasping noises and wriggling on his lap. Then on the last ten she
began kicking and I saw him lean over to watch her pussy winking as she jerked
around. finally it was over and he rubbed her red butt for a while then told her
to go stand in the corner while he spanked me.

He called me over and I suddenly remembered I was not wearing a bra. I thought
they were uncomfortable and un-needed since my boobs did not sag an inch. I slid
onto his lap to capture the hem of the blouse under my tummy but he pulled it
out so I bent against his leg to keep it from falling further which arched up my
butt.

He began spanking me and it stung so much I forgot about the damn blouse and
didn't even care when it puddled around my head leaving me totally bare.Then at
about ten he jammed his left hand under me to cup my pussy while he continued to
sting my butt with his right. As I struggled the hand rubbed on my pussy until
the wild feeling almost made me ignore the stings. he finally finished and began
rubbing my stinging butt which really felt good. Then I was totally embarrassed
when he said, "Good. You are wet. You can come back anytime."

I didn't know what to say to that so I got up and joined Trish. He made us stand
there until the red went away. It took a long time and it seemed longer because
about every five minutes he would come over and rub our butts while looking at
our pussies which made us blush  all over again. After what seemed forever he
told us we could dress and go. He took out his wallet and counted out a hundred
and thirty dollars out of a big wad of money.

When we left I said,"God I feel like a whore doing that for money. You didn't
tell me he was going to have his hand on my pussy."

"Yeah. Sorry about that I was afraid If I told you about that you wouldn't do
it. We aren't whores. We didn't fuck him.

We ran to the bank before it closed to get our savings and then ran to the store
to buy the clothes.

The next day we walked proudly to their table and I said,"How do you like our
new clothes."

Buffy said, "Very nice. Let's go to the bathroom. Girls follow us."

All the girls jumped up to follow us. When we were in the bathroom with them
gathered around us. Buffy said ,"Okay. Lift up your skirts to your waist.."

I said, "Why"

She said "Nevermind. Trust me."

We were wearing Hanes her way cotton panties so she couldn't see anything so we
lifted our skirts.

She looked at us then said, "Sorry girls. You will have to get pretty thong
panties like these or wear nothing at all."

At that she lifted her skirt to show pretty silk thong panties.

I groaned and dropped my skirt and turned to leave. but she said, "Where are you
going? If you are going to sit with us  you can take off those cheap panties and
throw them in the wastecan.  We had gone this far so we took them off and
chucked them.  She took us back to the table and said,"Girls and guys meet our
new initiates, Barbie and Trish."

We sat down enjoying the envious looks of the other girls in the room then I
said, "What does initiate mean."

'That  means you are on probation and will have to go through an initiation. "

I said, "I still don't know what you mean."

Trish said,"I know. My brother did it when he joined a fraternity."

Buffy said, "Tell her about it."

"Well they called him and his friends pledges and he had to do whatever his
upperclass mates wanted like cleaning their rooms and stuff."

Buffy said,"There is more isn't there?"

"Yes. If he did anything wrong. They would swat him with a paddle."

I said, "Does that mean if we don't do what you want we will get paddled?"

"Yes, but so far you have been good so you would not earn a paddling. It hasn't
been bad has it?"

I said suspiciously,"Did all you guys go through this?"

"Of course. Kings and Queens has been around for years we were pledges for
people who have graduated now."

Trish said,"Yeah that is right my brother was a pledge but he is a full member
now."

"As you will be if you meet all the requirements. For now you are on probation
but if you are found worthy you will be moved to pledge status."

I said,"How long do we have to be pledges?"

"The usual quarter. Three months."

Trish said,"Yeah that is right. My brother said it was a long three months but
it was worth it."

"Yes. Once you are a member you may swim, play golf, and go to dances at the
country club where you can meet cool guys and of course we have a lot of
parties."

That  really appealed to me I could imagine riding around in a convertible or
sports car with some cool guy so I said,"That would be wonderful."


"It is,but remember this is a secret thing. One of the worst offences is telling
anyone about our club. That would get you severe punishment."

Trish giggled and said,"I don't think you could be more severe than my Dad."

"Really? What does he do?"

"He has this big paddle he brought back from college. When I do something wrong
he has me lean over the dining room table then he lifts up my skirt and hits me
on my panties five times. Worse while my butt is stinging like mad he pulls down
my panties and gives me five more. My poor butt is bruised for days."

"That sounds embarrassing."

"Oh it is! The worst time was when my brother and Uncle were there and he let
them watch. I thought I would die of embarrassment."

"I'll bet. How about you Barbie."

"It is different. Dad uses his belt but he says I couldn't feel it over my
cotton panties so I always have to be bare."

"Well then our punishments will seem easy for you unless you do something really
bad. Now go away and think about this and tell us tomorrow if you want to try to
qualify for pledge status."

As we walked away I could see why the girls liked these leather skirts it felt
like there was a warm body against my butt. I said, "Damn Trish. It looks like
we are going to have to make another trip to Uncle Dick."

"Yeah. I wonder what extra thing he will want this time?"

end part one




                               KINGS AND QUEENS 2

As we were walking out a girl in our English class said, "Hey. I saw you guys
sitting with the Cool guys. How did ypu manage that?"

Trish said proudly, "We are special. We are going to join the Kings and Queens."

"Kings and Queens? What the Hell is that. I never heard of it."

Trish said, "That is because it is a secret club."

"Really! Tell me about it."

I jumped in to say, "Trish! You aren't supposed to talk about it."

"Oh Yeah. Sorry I can't tell you anything."

"Yeah right! I'll bet it is bullshit."

We walked on ignoring her but I had to wonder how they managed to keep the
secret for so many years.

Trish and I went shopping after school but couldn't find anything in any of our
usual stores. They had thong panties but not made of silk. Then I remembered an
ad I had seen on TV about a sexy lingerie shop. We went there but there was a
sign on the door saying "Over 18 only"

Trish said,"Shit. We can't pass for eighteen"

"Well not dressed like this but Mom is our size. Maybe if we put on one of her
dresses and some more make-up we would look older."

"Okay. At least we can look in a mirror and see if it helps."

We went to my place and of course my parents were at work. I found a couple of
her cocktail dresses and held them up to show Trish.

"Oh yeah. That should work. They are cut pretty low. None of the high school
girls would wear them."

I said, "She has some uplift bras. That will make our boobs look bigger."

I got the bras but the back strap was still a little loose on Trish. We solved
the problem by using a safety pin to tighten the strap.

When she turned around I said, "That is great. They look almost twice as big
aand you have cleavage.

I put one on and Trish tightened it then walked around me saying, "Oh wow. You
have beautiful boobs. Just like a swimsuit model."

That made me feel good. Then we put on the dresses. They were cut lower than
they looked on the hanger. Most of our boobs showed. Thankfully Mom was skinny
so they fit tight enough.

Trish said,"God Men and boys are going to stare at us."

I giggled and said,"Is that so bad? Nobody pays any attention to us in schoool
clothhes."

"True. It may be fun to make guys horny."

I laughed and we took our hair down from the pony tails and combed it and put on
makeup using girls in Cosmopolitan magazine as a guide. Then we put on her high
heel shoes.

Trish said,"Oh yeah. This will work. I'll bet you could get into a bar."

Even Trish looked at least as old as the senior girls.

We had a hell of a time walking in the high heeled shoes for awhile but by the
time we got to the shop we had learned to move gracefully in them.

We went in as if we owned the place and the girl at the counter just looked up
and said,"May I help you?"

I said, "No. We will let you know if we find what we are looking for."

"What are you looking for?"

"Panties."

"They are over in the corner."

I said,"Thanks" and we went to the back corner. There was a lot more than just
lingerie in the store. Trish blushed and giggled at all the rubber dicks. I had
to whisper,"Be quiet. You will ruin our cover. She kept quiet but couldn't help
staring at teddies with open crotches and all the leather stuff. She pointed out
a whip with six leather thongs and whispered, "God I bet that would hurt." I
whispered back, "Yeah it would be like getting hit with six  belts at once and
one is bad enough."

 We found the panties just like Buffy's and I guessed she had bought hers here,
The problem was they came in packs of three in different colors and cost sixty
dollars a pack.

I asked the clerk if they had single ones and she just looked up from her
magazine long enough to say,"Nope. Just packs of three. Take it or leave it."

I said, "We don't have enough money on us now but we will be back."

When we got out I said, "Well I guess we are in for another thirty spanks. It is
just as well. We can't wear the same panties every day"

Trish said, "Oh God. I don't know if I want to go to him again. Every time he
makes it a little worse. The first time he spanked me on the panties, then on
the bare butt, and the last time we had to take off the skirts and pants."

I said, "well if you didn't notice he saw me naked last time when my damn shirt
fell down so I guess it doesn't matter. Just keep in mind that soon we will be
riding around in Porches with cool guys."

"Oh yes. That will be great. I guess having him see my boobs is not too big a
deal since he has seen my pusssy."

We walked to uncle Dick's house and rang the bell.

He answered it and said, "Back so soon? I don't know if I can afford you girls.
Come on in."

When we were in he said,"Why are you all dressed up like that. I like you better
as the little girls you are instead of women."

I said, "We are just playing dress up to see how we will look when we are
older."

"Well it worked. You have transformed yourself from girls to young women. What
can I do for you."

Trish said, "Uncle Dick. We need a hundred and twenty dollars. Thirty spanks
each. Okay?"

"You girls are breaking me. Why do you need the money,"

"We want to buy some fancy lingerie.We want it REAL bad."

He said indignantly, "That is pure vanity and you should be punished severely.
Fortunately for you I can't hit hard because I don't want to leave marks your
parents may see."

That was a relief for me and I said," I know. We have already agreed to take
them naked if you want that."

He said, "Oh you will be naked alright and it will not be with my hand. Wait
here."

He went into another room and came back with the whip we had seen in the store.
Then he handed it to me and said,"Do you still want to go through with it?"

I felt the thongs and even thouugh there were six of themm they were much
thinner than Dad's belt so I said,"I guess it will be okay."

I handed the whip to Trish and she said," This is going to hurt like Hell but if
Barbie does it I will."

"Good. There is another thing. You girls struggled like crazy over a little butt
spanking so you will have to be tied for this so you won't run around. Still
want to go for it?"

Trish said,"I don't know. That sounds scary."

I remembered years ago when I played "Spy" with my boy cousins. I would hide but
they always found me then they would tie me up and search me for microfilm. Even
though I wasn't naked, being tied while they ran their hands under my shirt and
skirt was very exciting

I said,"Come on Trish. He said he would not hit hard. It may be easier not
having to concentrate on being still."

Trish said hesitantly, "Well okay if you will."

He grinned and said, "Fine. Take off all your clothes. Shoes too."

Even though he had seen me naked slipping off the shoes then taking off
everything was really embarrassing Both Trish and I were blushing.

I thought he was going to make us stand in front of him naked forever while we
blushed and fidgited under his stare.

Then he said,"You girls look beautiful naked. I don't want to forget this. Hold
on."

He went in the other room and came back with a polaroid camera.

I said alarmed,"Omygod. Pictures? You won't show them to anyone will you?"

"No these will be just for me."

At first it wasn't too bad. He posed us in glamorous poses like in magazines and
we kind of felt like,you know, supermodels, but then he had us pose with our
legs open to make us blush and feel slutty. Finally he said, "Okay. put your
thumbs in your pussy and pull the lips way open. I want to see inside."

Trish snapped her legs shut and said,"That is just too slutty!"

"He said, "Okay. Get dressed and go home. This is the last picture on the roll."

I said,"Trish. We can't quit now. We are too close."

Trish said reluctantly, "Okay but this is the last."

We put our thumbs in our slits and pulled them open until it was hurting before
he was satisfied and the flash went off."

We looked at each other knowing this was the worst humiliation ever.

He said I will get some stuff for your spanking."

He left and came back with three dishtowels and a bunch of rope. He had us hold
our wrists together then wrapped and tied the dishtowel around them saying,
"This will keep the rope from chafing your wrists."

He tied the rope tightly to the towel then took a plant from a hook in the
ceiling and put it aside. I had thought it was strange to have a plant hanging
in the middle of his living room.

He put the rope over the hook and pulled down on it to pull us up tight then he
tied the end to the leg of a big cabinet.

He pulled my left ankle and Tris's right together and wrapped another towel
around them. Then did the same to our other ankle. He tied ropes to our ankles
and pulled our legs apart so now just our toes were on the floor. Trish and I
blushed since our boobs and bellies were now rubbing on each other.

He said,"I have to protect your sensitive parts."

I didn't know what he was talking about but then he came back in with some soft
white rope he tied tightly around my waist just above my hipbones then ran the
rope between my legs and pulled it through the rope around my waist so tight I
gasped as it pushed on my clit and anus. He tied it there and then he did the
same to Trish. She also gasped when it tightened and I had found my slightest
movement caused the rope to rub on my clit.

He hit my ass with the whip. I flinched at the sting and felt the rope jerk on
my clit. He hit Trish and she jumped to make our boobs rub together. Then he hit
my right thigh making the tips splat against my inner thigh to really sting and
make me struggle which moved the rope and rubbed my nipples on Trish. Trish
struggled too when she was hit. Then he hit my left thigh so high I felt the top
thong slide by my pussy lips. I struggled again and so did Trish when she was
hit.

Then he hit upwards between my legs to make the tips dig into my pubic bone.
Thank God my clit was protected but it still stung bad and I was still moving
when Trish got hit to jam her pussy into mine.

He kept to that pattern for the rest of the spanking and I know it is hard to
believe but the stings to my inner thighs and pussy and the rope and rubbing on
Trish's now sweaty body excited me so much I began having orgasms and strained
to rub my pussy on hers to press the rope into my clit."

He just stood there watching us rub on each other awhile till we settled down
then began taking off the ropes. When we were loose we were so weak we just sat
on the floor panting as he said,"God I wish I had  a video camera."

That made us moan as we thought about him watching us over and over. When we
calmed down we dressed and  he gave Trish the money saying, "Don't come back
until the first of the month. You have used up my cash."

Trish blushed and said, "We will never be back."

I wasn't so sure. The experience had given me the greatest orgasm of my life.
Masturbation would be tame now.

On the way to the store Trish said, "Oh God. I feel so slutty. That is the worst
thing I have ever done."

I said, "Yeah and you know what was really terrible?"

"What?"

"It made me cum so hard I thought I might faint."

"Oh God. Thank you for telling me. I did too. I thought I was some kind of wierd
pervert."

"I don't think so. The combination of the rope rubbing on our clits, our boobs
rubbing on each other and the stings should turn on any girl."

"Yeah. Maybe but what other girls would let him do that."

"You have a point."

My pussy was still stinging a little so I couldn't get my mind off the
experience and I think the same was happening to Trish because we didn't say
another word till we got to the store.

The clerk was reading another magazine. She just looked up briefly and waved
then went back to her magazine. On the way to the panties I noticed a big rack
of magazines. Many of them had naked girls tied up and one had a girl tied as we
had been. I pointed it out to Trish who giggled.

We picked out the panties then paid for them.The clerk said, "Is this all. We
have a lot of stuff."

I told her that was all we wanted but truthfully I wished I had enough money for
that magazine.

We walked back to my house and took off Mom's clothes then inspected each others
asses and pussies. Wer were both amazed that the red now just looked like a
light sunburn. Then we tried on all our new panties and agreed we looked real
sexy in them except it was going to take a while to get used to the string
rubbing on our assholes.

Trish had to dress and leave in order to get home in time for dinner. It was
Friday so we agreed we could hardly wait until Monday so we could show Buffy our
new panties.

Naturally my folks were gone so I went downstairs in just the pretty panties to
see what Mom had left me. I warmed it up and sat at the table noticing the hard
chair was bringing back a tingle to my butt. That reminded me of the spanking so
I went upstairs and posed in the mirror in the position we had been in to see
what he had seen. It was pretty much everything and holding the pose made me
think more of the spanking so I took off my panties and masturbated until I went
to sleep.

since I went to sleep so early I woke early and got up to try on all three
panties and decided to wear the red pair Monday since they seemed sexiest. I
called Trish and she agreed she would wear red too. I asked her if she was sore
from the spanking and she said,"No that is strange. It hurt like hell and I was
sure I would be sore but I only have a few pink lines now that kinda tingle when
I feel them."


I giggled and said,"I'll bet you feel them a lot. Huh?"

She giggled and said,"You too? It is kind of exciting isn't it."

I admitted it was and then said, "I wonder what he would do if we went back to
him?"

That started all kinds of speculation like him spanking our boobs and even maybe
our pussies and that he may pinch us with clothespins or even stick needles in
us. At each imagined scene we would say "Oh that would be terrible! or "No way."
but I noticed she was  breathing faster and guessed she was rubbing her pussy
like me. I didn't want to get carried away since my folks would be up any moment
so I told her I had to make breakfast and hung up.

I put on my cotton panties, a sports bra, a fairly long skirt and a bulky
sweater to keep my mind off all my sexy places then went down to make coffee,
bacon and eggs and pancakes. One of the few things I knew how to cook.

It was done about ten AM their normal get up time so I knocked on their door and
said, "Get up sleepyheads. Breakfast is ready."

In a few minutes they came out in their bathrobes. Mom looked at me suspiciously
and said,"Allright. What did you do? You only make us breakfast when you feel
guilty about something."

Dad said,"Yeah. Last time it was a bad report card."

I said, "No. Really I haven't done anything. I just got up early and was bored."
It was true though. I knew normal girls wouldn't let themselves be humiliated
and even whipped just to get into a club to be able to show off.

After breakfast they went to their bedroom to dress while I cleaned the dishes.

I was just drying the last dish when Mom came boiling out of the room in just
panties and bra yelling, "Barbie! You have been digging around in my clothes. My
dresses aren't hung right, My shoes aren't in place and mky undie drawer is
messed up. You know we told you to stay out of our room."

Dad was just in pants showing his big hairy chest and he said sternly,"You know
what happened to you last time."

I knew alright. Once while they went for a walk I got curious about their
bedroom since they always kept the door closed. I went in and didn't see
anything unusual until I looked at their bedside table and saw a book called
"The Kama Sutra." I opened it to see gobs of pictures of people making love in
all kinds of positions. I became so fascinated by the pictures and text I didn't
hear them come back until the door jerked open and they saw me sitting on the
bed with the book open on my lap. Jesus you would have thought I robbed from
them or something.

Dad gave me a "Willing Three" spanking with his belt. You may never have heard
of this since I think it is his own invention. It takes forever and it is both
humiliating and very painful. In Willing one. I have to stand sideways to him
and take off my skirt. Then he says, "Why are you taking off your skirt? I have
to say, "So you can spank my thighs."

He gives me five spanks to the front of my thighs and five to the back
alternating and ending up at the hem of my panties. Then I have to take off my
panties. He says,"Why have you taken off your panties? By then I am crying and
sob, "So you can spank my bottom and front."  Fortunately my thighs protect my
pussy except the last one just below my pubic bone but it really hurts bad.

Then I have to open my legs real wide. He says,"Why are your legs open?" By then
I am really crying and blubber,"So you can hit the tender inner thighs." That
really hurts especially the last two that pinch my pussy lips."

The worst things are I have to say,"May I have another." As if I wanted it and
also I have to stay still for it. If I move out of position he will start over
and I know eight, nine, and ten will be the hardest.

I knew I was in trouble and said,"Please Daddy. May I have an "Over twenty or
even thirty."

"Overs" are bad since my butt is also bare but in them I lean over the back of
the couch and Mom holds onto my wrists so I don't have to worry about getting
out of position as stings go up my thighs and butt and then back down again
until it is just a big burning throb.

He said sternly, "You are getting a "Willing Five." It didn't take genius to
know that now my tummy and back and boobies would be hit.

Then to my shock and dismay Mom said,"It really embarrasses her to have people
watch her get punished. I'll bet your brother Jim and his boys would enjoy it."

That would be terrible. I remembered when they were allowed to watch an "Over
thirty." It had hurt so much toward the end that I began to kick and dance. I
thought I would die of embarrassment when one of the boys laughed and said,
"Great! Her dance is making her pussy wink."

I said in panic. "Please don't. I'll take a "Wiiling six and and an over twenty
if you don't have them over."

Dad said, "Good idea. It must really embarrass her to offer to take that much
more punishment."

Uncle Jim's wife had left him with the boys for no doubt a good reason. Any time
they came over she had to let herself down on chairs real easy. I hated my
cousins They were 14 and 15 and every time they came over they would flip up my
skirt to look at my panties and sometimes give my butt a spank or two for no
reason. When I would complain the adults would just laugh and say,"Boys will be
boys." That just encouraged them. I would run and hide from them but they always
found me.

I got on my knees and begged and pleaded but it didn't do any good. He called
Uncle Jim and the short call indicated they were anxious to come.

Dad had me stand in front of the couch to wait for them. The wait was pure Hell
knowing I would soon be hurt and humiliated.

In about fifteen minutes the boys ran in, looking at me with big smirks on their
faces then ran into the kitchen to get cokes and sat on the couch as if they
were going to watch a movie.

The first two moves were as I described above. I was hoping I would be hidden by
Dad for my inner thighs but the boys jumped up to stand by his side for a good
view.

It took all my nerve to stay still for nine and ten that pinched my pussy lips
to my thigh. Jimmmy jr said excitedly"Wow! that must have hurt!" but the little
bastard was grinning rather than feel sorry for me.

I took off my blouse and "Jimmy said,"This should beat off some of that baby
fat."

That hurt my feelings since I was proud of my flat tummy.

Thank God I found my back and tummy were not nearly as sensitive as my inner
thighs but it still hurt and I saw I was now red from just below my boobs to mid
thigh.

Then he changed things, He said,"Ask me nicely if you can take off your bra so I
can spank your boobies."

The pain and humiliation had really gotten to me by then and I was crying so
hard I had to blubber, "May I please take off my bra so you can spank my
boobies."

He said,"Yes," and as I took it off Johnnie the little bastard, although knowing
Dad made me say that, laughed and said,"She really wants it."

I blushed so hard I am sure my face was as red as my tummy.

He had me stretch up my arms which lifted my boobs and began hitting. It haurt
so much on my boobs I hardly noticed the ones to my back and then the third went
acrooss both nipples. It hurt so much I instinctively brought down my hannds to
protect and console them.

Dad watched me rub them awhile and said,"You know what this means?"

I sobbed,"Yes."

"Alright. Ask me."

I moaned,"Oh God. Please give me five more on my boobs."

Johnny yelled,"She really does want them."

Just as I feared the last two went across my sensitive nipples but I was braced
for it and managed to keep my arms up in spite of the breath taking pain."

Dad had me stand there panting and sweating for awhile. I blinked back tears to
see the boys grinning and pointing out welts. I thought they were really mean.
They should have felt sorry for me. When I had calmed a little Dad said I could
go to my room. I ran up to it and jumped into bed in the foetal position and
bawled and bawled. My skin was still hot and stinging so in a little while I got
up and poured a cool bath to sink in to it feeling the heat and stings subside.

Suddenly the door jrrked open and the boys jumped in grinning.

I quickly covered my boobs with my arm and put my hand over my pussy as I
yelled,"Get Out!

Jimmy giggled and said," We are here to help you. Your Mom gave us some salve
for your welts."

"Okay give it to me and get out!"

"No. You can't reach all of them. Your Mom said we should put it on you."

I didn't believe that for a minute but I really wanted that salve so I stood up
continuing to hide my boobs and pussy.

Johnnie began rubbing it on my butt and thighs while Jimmy rubbed my tummy and
boobs as much as he could with my arm and hand in the way. It felt wonderful.
Soon I forgot the stings and felt excitement rising. I moaned then dropped my
hands to my sides so he could get to my tingling nipples and pussy. Excitement
continued to grow and I loved it when Johnnie brought his hands around me to rub
it on my nipples while Jimmie rubbed the tingling lips of my pussy.

Just as I was getting super excited Jimmie laughed and said," I told you she was
a slut. Her pussy is wet and slimy."

That pissed me off and I grabbed a towel to cover my self and yelled,"Get out
you little bastards."

They laughed as they left and I felt horribly humiliated since I must be a slut.

I went to bed but couldn't go to sleep as I thought about Uncle Dick's and Dads
spanking, Finally I masturbated which put me right to sleep.

End part 2




                           Kings and Queens 3

I must have been really tired because I slept till ten AM. I got up and looked
in the mirror to see most of my body was just a healthy looking pink except for
some redder welts across my nipples and the very top of my pussy. I was 
relieved knowing I would be completely well for Buffie's inspection.

I just put on my robe knowing my folk's would want to inspect me to see if I
needed salve or anything. If I had really bad welts they would rub ice on them.

I went down to the kitchen where they were drinking coffee and Dad said, "Okay
kid. Let's check you out."

I took off the robe blushing. I don't think I will ever get used to being naked
when everyone else is fully clothed.

He had me turn slowly in front of them. He said, "She is a tough kid. She only
has a few welts on her breasts and the top of her slit."

Mom said, "Yes and you hit her real hard there. Maybe too hard."

"Well maybe, but she took it well and there are no cuts or abrasions. It
couldn't have been too bad or she would have taken down her arms."

I whined, "I am not tough. That hurt awful but if I took down my arms you would
have hit me more."

"True but you showed a lot of courage. I am proud of you."

I know it seems weird to feel pleased at that but I was and said, "Thank you."

They gave me a kiss and hugs and said they knew I would be good now.

Mom said, "Go out and weed the flowers by the driveway and I wlll give you five
dollars so you can buy yourself somrething special."

I thanked her but my special things now cost a lot more than five dollars.

I went up to my room to get dresssed. I had been in the habit of wearing bib
overalls with a t-shirt after I had done it once in a Bikini and the neighbor
had stared at me making me blush. My experiences had changed me. I thought it
may be fun to excite him.

I put on one of my square necked blouses Mom had hemmed for me to show my cute
little innie bellybutton and the bottom of my bikini. Then I crawled around a
little and backed up to the mirror to confirm the bottom had crawled into my
buttcrack to bare most of my cheeks. Then I got on my hands and knees in front
of the mirror to lift my head and saw that I could see almost all of my breasts.
I grinned knowing I could show off while looking perfectly innocent.

We have a little tin shed where we keep the garden tools. I made a lot of noise
sliding the door shut and banged the trowel against the wall to knock off some
dirt. It worked. I saw his face at the window then he came out to his porch so
he could watch me.

I got on my hands and knees and while digging at weeds I would waggle my
shoulders Knowing that would give him quick peeks of my nipples. Then I pointed
my butt toward him and waggled it and sat back on my ankles knowing that would
pull my bottom into my buttcrack to show more of my cheeks. Every once in awhile
I would peek at him enjpying his staring eyes and kind of hungry look.

When I got near the end of the row I peeked and saw he had left. I thought he
may have bad eyesight and couldn't see me anymore so I quickly finished up and
went back in the house after pulling my suit bottom out of my buttcrack to look
nore respectable. It didn't occur to me until much later that I may have excited
him so much he went into his house to masturbate.

Mom gave me the money and said, "You had better change clothes before you go
into town to spend it."

I took off the bikini bottom and started to put on my cotton panties then it
struck me that it would be daring to go without panties. I was going to put on
my leather skirt because I knew it felt good but then I saw a wool skirt I had
not worn much since it was scratchy and needed a slip. As an experiment I put it
on and walked around. It scratched on my thighs and butt as I walked but that
felt kind of exciting and would keep me aware of the fact I was not wearing
panties.

I walked to Trish's and by the time I got there the skirt had made my butt super
sensitive so I felt every step.

As usual she was on the computer in a private chat room giving a guy an
imaginary blow job. She described how her tongue was licking the head of his
dick then swallowing it. I laughed as the guy wrote""OOh good!"

I said,"The guy is really liking this. How do you know what to do. You have
never given a blowjob."

Trish said,"Yeah but I have read a lot about them. He is jerking off as I talk
to him."

About then he said,"AHHH Cumming!" and signed off.

Trish giggled and said, " A new record. I got him off in three minutes."

"Yeah. One of these days one of the guys may track you down and make you do it
for real."

She giggled and said,"No way. This guy is a thousand miles from here. That would
be gross if he did though. Huh?"

"Well it would probably be pretty humiliating."

"Yeah but strngely when I imagine myself kneeling between a guy's legs and doing
it. It kind of turns me on."

I said "Gross." but I had to wonder what it would be like to excite a guy that
much.

I told her about showing off in front of our neighbor and she said, "Wow. What
does he look like?"

"Oh he is old. At least forty, but kind of good looking in a craggy way like
Clint Eastwood."

"I bet you excited him. Uncle Dick is over sixty and he had a big lump in his
pants."

"Yeah. That is amazing. I didn't know old guys could get it hard."

"Have you ever seen one hard?"

"No. The ones in sex ed were soft."

"I have. I'll show you. One of the guys I give blowjobs sent me a video."

She loaded a file and suddenly the screen was filled with a dick with a fist
around it. He slid his hand back and forth from his balls to the head and then
faster until it jumped and some white snotty looking stuff shot out of it.

I was fascinated since I had never seen anything like it and we ran it several
times since it only lasted about thirty seconds.

I said, "I never saw cum before. I guessed it would be more watery. This looks
like snot."

"Yeah but it is supposed to taste good. Kinda sweet on the end of the tongue."

"It looks gross though. Why don't you get dresssed and we will walk downtown.
Put on a wool skirt like mine with no panties. It feels wild."

She did one better by putting on a wool bulky knit sweater with no bra.

We only went about a quarter of a mile when Trish said, "Oh God. The scratching
and the wind blowing up my skirt is exciting me. My folks are gone let's go
back."

As soon as we were back in her room we stripped and stood there rubbing our
itchy butts.

Trish said,"My butt is real itchy. Why don't you spank it a little to stop the
itch."

I got the big weatern belt she wears with her jeans and she laid on her belly on
the bed. I didn't hit hard. Just enough to get her red. After about twenty swats
she rolled over and said,"My boobs are itchy too."

I began spanking them lightly and it really excited her. after just a few she
reached down to play with her pussy and by about the twentieth she sighed and
moaned,"That was good.Let me do you."

I laid on my belly then cupped my pussy in my palm as Uncle Jack had done. In a
little while I was not just holding it but was rubbing it in time with the
stings to my butt. I had a great orgasm that left me feeling weak.

She must have known because she grinned and said,"You liked that. Should I do
your boobies?"

I said, "My boobs aren't itching but since I did yours I guess you can do mine
if you want to."

"Oh I do! I want you to know how mine felt."

I didn't say anything but she knew I would let her do it when I reached back to
hold on to the bars of her headboard.

She began slapping them lightly so there wasn't even a sting so I said, "You can
hit harder."

She hit hard once to make a good sting then looked at me questioningly. I just
moaned so she began hitting just as hard and faster until she began hitting just
my nipples to cause a pretty awful sting.

I said, Stop! They are really hurting!"

She said, "Oh poor baby. I'll kiss them and make them well."

She crawled on top of mme and began kissing and licking while her bare belly
rubbed on mine. It really felt wonderful and I sighed.

While still kissing me she crawled  around until her boobs were in my face. I
began kissing them then she began sliding down kissing my tummy as I kissed hers
until there was kind of an electric shock when her tongue began fluttering on
mmy clit. I wanted her to know how great that felt so I began licking hers. She
moaned and licked faster and stuck her tongue inside me. I did the same and soon
her juices were soaking my cheeks. I began to cum and so did she.

She rolled off of me and I guess we were both ashamed of what we had done
because we couldn't look at each other. Finally she said, "We can't do that
anymore. That is what lesbians do. You don't think we are lesbians do you?"

"I don't thhink so. Remember the sex ed teacher said it was normal for boys and
girls to experiment with homosexuality."

"How could I forget? The girls all blushed and the guys laughed and said,"Not
me!"

"I guess we will not know for sure until we have sex with boys."

I got dressed and went home still feeling ashamed. After the spanking I really
felt a scratch and tingle on my butt as I walked home which brought back
excitement.

I got home just in time for dinner and after dinner I went to my room supposedly
to study but actually to strip and masturbate remembering that fabulous
fluttering tongue working on my clit.

The next morning Trish and I waited impatiently to meet Buffy at noon to show
her our new panties.

As soon as we got to the table Buffy and the other girls got up to lead us to
the bathroom. She had us lift our skirts to our waists then turn slowly so they
could see how they fit tightly against our pussies and that our butts were
totally bare with just the string inside our buttcracks. We were embarrassed a
couple of times when other girls came in to use the toilet.

After several turns Buffy said, "Okay. Those are good.Unbutton your blouses so I
can see your bras."

We were puzzled as to why she would want to look at our sports bras that hid
everything but did as told.

As soon as she saw them she said disgustedly, "Christ. You girls have no fashion
sense at all. Don't you know your bras should match your panties."

We whimpered and Trish sobbed, "We can't get any more money for bras."

"Really. I am not surprised. The skirts and panties were probably pretty
expensive for you. I'll tell you what I will do. Go without bras for the rest of
the week and on friday I will buy you some bras."

I brightened and said, "Really? They are pretty expensive."

"Duh. I know that. I don't give a shit. My Dad gave me a credit card for clothes
and he doesn't care what I spend."

Trish said, "It will be pretty embarrassing to go without bras but we'll do it
won't we Barbie?"

I said "Sure. It will be worth it."

"Good. Okay take them off."

We hesitated a moment. We shouldn't have been embarrassed since we were naked
every day in the shower after gym but somehow it was different being so naked in
the bathroom with the other girls fully clothed.

I slipped off my blouse blushing and Trish joined me. When the bras were off
Buffy took them and dropped them into the trash bin.

We put on the blouses and then Buffy unbuttoned the top three buttons to reveal
a lot of our boobs and led us back to the table.

When we were seated Buffy said, "The little bitches didn't have matching bras so
I made them take them off. They are going braless all week then I will get them
suitable bras."

Tom Pitttman said, "They are braless now? I would like to see that."

Buffy said, "Why not? Girls unbutton your blouses and hold them open."

I was shocked and said, "Buffy! They are are boys and besides someone else may
see."

"Your backs are to everyone else. Now do it or join the other losers."

We couldn't face them and looked down as we unbuttoned our blouses and held them
open as ordered blushing like crazy.

Buffy said,"Look up and be proud. You look great."

I looked up and that made it worse. The boys were staring and girls were
giggling. Even though she only had us hold them open for a minute it seemed like
hours.

As we buttoned our blouses Tom made us feel better by saying, "You girls are
beautiful. It is a shame you can't be naked all the time.

Trish and I were so embarrassed we didn't mention it all the way home.

The next morning we both wore loose sweaters hoping that would hide the fact we
didn't have bras but that just made them rub on our nipples to keep us excited.

At noon we went to the table wondering if we would have to show our bare boobs
again. When we got there Buffy said, "We decided you should have some privacy.
Follow us."

We followed happy that we would not be embarrassed by girls coming in to the
bathroom.

We followed them out to the parking lot and they got into a big motor home. When
we were in they seated themselves on couches along the side and at the end. I
was glad to see they had dark windows that would hide us.

As soon as they got comfy Buffy said, "Take off the sweaters."

We knew she would want us to do that but it was still embarrassing as we pulled
them over our heads and placed them on a counter.

A girl said, "The sweaters have reddened your tits. Does that bother you?"

Trish blushed and said, "It is kinda exciting."

"I can see that. Your nipples are hard. Come here so I can have a closer look."

Tom said,"Yeah. Barbie. You come to me."

We went to them then looked at each other blushing while they squeezed our
breasts and pinched the nipples. We felt better when they said we were
beautiful.

That encouraged the rest of them so we had to go to each of them so they could
squeeze and fondle. In spite of my embarrassment I found I was getting excited.

Bufffy said, "Okay take off the skirts. The guys haven't seen your pretty
panties."

That would be even more embarrassing but we were so excited we took them off to
put them on the counter hoping they would fondle our butts too.

They didn't just fondle our butts but also rubbed our pussies and Trish and I
began panting from excitement only to blush again when Tom said, "They are
really responsive little sluts. Aren't they?" and everyone agreed.

Tom said,"They aren't really neat. See the hair peeking around the edges of the
panties."

Buffy said, "You are right. My God girls don't you know you should trim the
hair?"

I had tucked it in but the fondling pulled it out again, I said humbly, "No I am
sorry."

Tom said, "No problem. Dad keeps an electric razor with a beard trimmer in the
RV."

Buffy said, "Good. Girls take off the panties."

Trish blushed and said, "Oh no. We will be naked. We have never been naked in
front of boys before. Can't you have them leave?"

"No. It is your fault you are unkempt. Take them off or leave."

Trish moaned but I knew she was thinking as I was that it would be stupid to
quit now after all we had been through.

I began sliding my panties down slowly giving an unintentional strip tease and
Trish followed.

Tom got up and went into the bathroom coming back with an electric razor."

Buffy said, "I think Trish is just a bit hairier so she can be first. Help her
up on the table."

Two guys put their arms around her back and behind her thighs to lift her up on
the table then slid her down a bit so the lower part of her butt was off of it
and pulled her legs apart.

Trish moaned and blushed as Tom slid the razor down her pussy to let the beard
trimmer shear off the hair to stubble then used the razor part to take off the
stubble clear to the skin. He pulled the lips around as she moaned and trembled
to get every hair and I saw she was getting wet. He spent a long time shaving
and feeling for stubble as Trish trembled even more and made little sighs. Then
he pulled her lips open and pushed the side of the razor into her slit. I could
see it making the inner lips vibrate.

He grinned and said, "You love this don't you baby?"

Trish just moaned, "Yesss"

One of the guys said, "Shit! She has my dick so hard it is hurting."

Buffy said, "Trish can help with that but you will have to use her mouth. I
haven't got them birth control pills yet."

I knew Trish was going to get her wish. He was not bashful. He dropped his pants
and shorts and pushed his dick against her cheek. She didn't say anything. She
just turned her head and opened her mouth. He stuck in his dick and I saw
Trish's tongue come out to circle it and then her cheeks sucked in and out.
Meanwhile Tom had put the razor aside and was running his finger up and down on
her clit as the guys holding her squeezed her boobs and nipples.

It didn't last long since the guy was so horny. In a few minutes he made a face
and gasped,"Yeah baby. Drink it all!"

She did! I saw her throat muscles working as she sucked and swallowed.

They let her off the table and she just slumped into a sitting position on the
floor and began rubbing her pussy as she moaned.

Buffy said, "Your turn Barbie."

I was so excited they didn't have to help me. I pulled myself on the table and
spread my legs as much as I could.

Tom laughed and said, "You must have liked what happened to your friend."

I just moaned, "Oh yes."

I soon saw why Trish had become so excited. That razor vibrating on my pussy was
awesome.Now I knew why there were so many different vibrators in the pantie
store. Exciting as that was it was nothing to the feeling when my lips were
opened and the edge of the razor began sliding up and down my clit. My eyes were
closed when I felt something wet pressing on my cheek. I opened them and turned
to see a boy's throbbing hard dick. I opened my mouth and he slid it in a little
way and like Trish I began licking and sucking on it as I felt my clit and
nipples being rubbed. In just a minute I felt warm fluid shooting into my mouth
and swallowed it. Trish was right. It didn't taste bad.

The hands left me and I just laid there a moment limp.

Buffy said, Okay. Get dressed before we are late for class."

I moaned I wanted this to go on forever.

I got up and dressed feeling weak and noticed Trish was already dressed.

Buffy said, "Meet me after school in the parking lot. You can't miss me. It is a
red Cadillac convertible. I am going to take you to my doctor for birth control
pills."

I said,"Doesn't he need permission from our parents for that?"

"Not my doctor."


We went to the next class but as soon as it was over we ran to the bathroom to
look at each other's now bald pussies. Trish felt hers and said, "Oh it feels so
soft and smooth."

I felt mine and said,"Yeah. It may be even more sensitive, but I may miss the
hair. It took me a long time to get it."

Trish giggled and said,"Yeah. We look about six years old again."

I laughed and said, "Maybe that is the look they are going for."

Trish said, "God that was exciting. What do you think they will do with us
next."

"Well I don't think the birth control pills are for nothing."

"Oh God. That will be even better than sucking a dick."

"For sure. Unlike you I felt really humiliated after that was over."'

"Oh I did too but I think I can get used to it."

"The doctor thing shouldn't take long. I am really anxious to have people see me
in her car."

"Naw. How long can it take to write a prescription. I hope a lot of people see
us."

end part three.




                           KINGS AND QUEENS 4

After school we went out to the parking lot. Buffy was right. We had no problem
finding her. She was sitting in a huge red Cadillac convertible with the top
down.

It was so cool! It had white leather upholstery and music was playing on a great
stereo system.

We got in and I said, "Your car is beautiful."

"Yeah it is old. A 1970 model but Dad had it completely rebuilt to be like new.
Actually it is better than new since it has a CD changer that holds ten CD's so
I don't have to change them. It has several coats of paint plus what they call
clear coats so it looks wet all the time. It gets a lot of attention and Dad
said I am safe in it since it is so heavy it could crush small cars without me
getting hurt."

She was right it got a lot of attention and Trish and I waved at anyone we knew
since we were so proud to be in it.

We got to her doctor's office which was a lot different than our doctors. It was
all by itself out in the country instead of near a hospital and a lot smaller
with just a small waiting room with a man receptionist instead of the nurses we
were used to.

He said, "Hi Buffy. These must be the girls you called about. He is waiting for
you. Go on in."

We went through a door into a white room. The doctor was wearing a white coat
and had hair to match. He said, "These must be the girls you want examined."

Buffy said, "Yes I don't think they have any kind of VD but I want to be sure."

I protested, "We don't! We are both virgins!"

The doctor said, "It is best to be sure. I have twelve year old girls that have
had sex. All right Girls. Get undressed for your exam."

Trish and I looked at each other shocked. Our doctors sent us to a private room
to undress and put on a a little nightgown thing that tied in the back to hide
us. This man stood there obviously going to watch us undress.

We hesitated until Buffy said, "Get undressed. I want to get this over so we can
go shopping."

We undressed and stood there hiding ourselves with our arms and hands blushing
like mad.

He said, "Okay go over and get on the examination tables"

We looked around and saw two tables with leather covers and two arms with like
stirrups on them.

We went over and climbed up on them shivering at the cold leather. Then to our
horror he went to the door and said, "Bob. Come in here and give me a hand."

We thought we would die of embarrassment lying there face up totally naked.

Bob went to my right side and the doctor went to the left. They pulled my arms
to the side of the table and buckled my wrists to it.

I whined, "Why are you doing this? I don't need to be tied down for an exam."

The doctor grinned and said, "You may want to move around and I need you still."

Then to my horror they put my feet in the stirrups and buckled them in. Suddenly
they pulled my legs open until I was nearly doing the splits. I felt my pussy
lips open and knew they could see clear into me. I moaned, "Please don't do
this. I have never been so exposed."

It must have scared Trish because I heard Buffy say sharply,"Trish get back on
the table or I will have to punish you."

I guess that frightened her even more because she got back on it and Bob and the
Doctor left me to buckle her in. I watched her grimace and moan when her legs
were pulled open.

The doctor came back to me and pulled the lips of my pussy open, Then said,
"I'll be damned. She is a virgin. Do you want her hymen intact or should I open
her for you."

Buffy said,"I think you should do it so we won't have to worry about her getting
infected by a possible dirty penis."

He said, "I'll get the speculum."

He came back with a chrome thing that looked kinda like two of the little spades
I used for weeding joined together. He squeezed the handle and I watched with
horror as the spades opened guessing correctly he was going to put it in my
little pussy. He slid it in slowly and I felt a painful stretch then he squeezed
the handle and there was a sharp pain as something tore inside me. He twisted it
around making me squeal in pain then pulled it out saying, "She can take a big
penis now."

To prove it he jammed three of his big fingers in to me and pumped them in and
out causing more squeals.

He said, "Her cervix is soft and deep. She can take a big dick. I'll check her
for sensitivity."

He bagan rubbing my clit and I felt absolutely mortified when he said, She is
very sensitive. Look how her clitoris is peeking out of it's sheath."

"I'll check it's sensitivity."

He picked a needle from the examination tray and as I sobbed and moaned, "No!"
he stuck it into my clit to make me scream in pain.

He grinned and said,"Wonderfully sensitive. She is fine. I'll swab the blood
from her vagina and then it is just the blood test."

He dipped a ball of cotton in alcohol and pushed it around in my pussy to cause
more screams at the burn."

He picked up a syringe with a big needle and got back between my legs
saying,"Brace yourself for the blood test."

I whined,"What are you doing? My doctor takes blood from my arm."

"I know but for VD tests I like to get blood close to the source."

My doctor just made a quick stab that didn't hurt too bad but this man pushed
the needle slowly in to my pussy as I squealed and shook my head. He stuck me
eight times before he was satisfied he had enough blood for the tests. Tears
flowed down my cheeks and I was exhausted from fighting my bonds.

He went to Trish and said,"She has lied to you. There is nothing left of her
hymen and look. I can open the speculum all the way without making her scream."

Buffy said, "Why did you lie about being a virgin."

Trish whined, "I am. I must have torn it putting things in it."

Buffy said, "Jesus. What did you put in it? A cucumber?"

Trish blushed and whined,"Yes but I peeled it first."

Buffy said,"Take a lot of blood for tests. She may be lying."

Poor Trish squealed and screamed while he stuck her over and over until the big
syringe was full."

Finally we were allowed to dress. Buffy said,"You girls put up with a lot so I
will give you a reward.

She took us to an expensive store that Trish and I had been to but left when we
saw the prices. She bought us a couple of leather skirts a little shorter than
the ones we had and a couple of designer T-shirts. She paid the huge bill with
her credit card as if it was nothing.

We thanked her profusely for the clothes and she said, "Does that make up for
the needle in your pussies."

 My pussy was aching a little from all the times it was stuck so I said, "I
guess so although I wouldn't do it again for clothes."

To my surprise Trish said, "I might."

We rode around for awhile with Trish and I waving frantically to anyone we knew
until Buffy said irritably, "Be cool! You don't need to wave. The car will get
their attention."

That was true. The stereo was putting out music that could be heard for a block.
We went to a drug store and got the pills which Buffy paid for. When we got back
in the car Buffy showed us the little wheel with dates and said,"You have to
take them every day except during monthlies. Take one now because it takes about
three days to be sure they will work. Trish and I grinned at each other and took
them knowing in three days we should have sex with the good looking guys in the
group.

I had her drop me off at Trish's house both because her house was nicer than
mine and that I wanted to talk to Trish.

When Buffy left I said, "Gosh. Things are getting worse. Like Uncle Dick. It
might not be worth it to join them.

Trish said,"Oh Barbie, It was just a medical exam. With all the diseases out
there you can't blame them."

"Yeah well I never had an exam like that before."

Trish giggled and said, "Yeah I guess he must not be very ethical to give us
pills. He and Bob really got a kick out of the exam. You should have seen their
faces when they were sticking that needle in your pussy."

My eyes were closed tight but I saw them doing you and they seemed to like it
best when you looked like you really hurt."

"I did really hurt but somehow being hurt in a sexy place is better than a hard
spanking."

"Yeah. It is different all right.

The next morning I put on the red panties again since they really seemed to like
them but since I had so much trouble concentrating with the sweater I put on one
of my new T-shirts and the leather skirt that felt so good on my butt.

Buffy walked with us to the RV which was parked at the end of the lot and on the
way said,"You said your Dad's spanked you what was the worst one you got?"

Trish promptly told her about her spanking in front of her uncle and cousins
then went on to say that was not as bad as my "Willing spanking." I blushed to
my toes as she told her all about it in detail.

When she finuished Buffy said, "Wow. You girls must be very brave to accept that
without being restrained."

I said, "We have to be. If we move out of position they will start over and as
bad as it is we know it will be worse if they start over."

Trish said,"Yeah. Once Dad started over but he used a switch! That was twice as
bad as a belt."

When we got to the RV. Buffy said, "We have agreed we should see if you are
graceful since you have not had the benefit of ballet training. This time you
will take off your clothes while dancing to music. Who wants to be first?"

Trish giggled and said,"I will. I saw a movie with strippers so I know how to do
it."

They put on some music and I decided she must have practised a lot since she
moved slowly and smoothly as she slowly took off the blouse, the skirt and then
the panties. There was some music left so she rubbed her boobs and even her
pussy in time with the music,

When the song ended They clapped their hands as Trish blushed and bowed grinning
like mad."

Buffy said "Very good Trish. As a reward you may lie across Bob, Dick, and Al's
lap so you may be fondled."

She went to them and laid on her back over their legs. They began carressing her
boobs and tummy and pussy and inner thighs as she sighed. I felt jealous of her.

It was my turn. I was more clumsy than Trish fumbling to unbutton the blouse and
then the damn zipper stuck on my skirt and I had to work on it losing the beat
of the music. I barely got my panties off by the time the song ended and groaned
knowing I had not earned a reward.

Buffy said sharply, "Barbie! I am disgusted with you."

I hung my head and said,"I'm sorry. I have never done a strip tease before."

Buffy said, "I can understand that. What disgusts me is you are wearing the same
panties two days in a row. Hasn't your Mom told you to change your underwear."

I blushed in shame and whined,"Yes.I wore them again because you guys seeemed to
like them."

Buffy said, "That is no excuse. you will have to be punished."

I sobbed hating Trish for telling her about "Willing" assuming that would happen
to me. I was relieved when Buffy said, "You will get two spanks with a belt from
each of us including Trish."

That was only eighteen spanks. Dad's minimum was twenty and I knew I could take
that pretty easy especially since I was sure they would not hit as hard as him.

I was right. It was not as hard but she made it as humiliating as possible by
having me crawl to each one to hand them the belt and say,"Please give me two
spanks." Then I had to fold my arms on the foor to lay my head on them which
pushed up my butt.

It seemed to last forever because each one would fondle the stripes left by the
last and would discuss where I should be hit next. When it was over my whole
butt was red and stinging.

Buffy made me feel better by hugging me and saying, "I am proud of you. You were
very brave."

I blushed and said, "It was not too bad. My Dad hits a lot harder."

Then Buffy said, "Now we have a more serious issue. One of the girls at school
asked me if she could join the Kings and Queens. One of you told her about us.
Which of you did it?"

Trish said defensively, "I just told her we were joining because I was proud of
it.I didn't tell her anything about it."

I am glad you were honest about it since she told me it was you. Naturally I
told her I had never heard of a club with that name and that you must have made
it up. What did I tell you would happen if you told?"

Trish whined,"You said I would be severely punished."

"Yes. Do you deserve being punished?"

Trish moaned and then whimpered, "I guess so. How many spanks do I get?"

"It won't be a spanking. We were fascinated by your description of the 'Willing'
punishment. You will get a 'Willing 6'."

Trish and I both gasped. Even I had never had a "Willing 6". The last five would
have to be on her pussy.

Trish whined,"That will hurt awful and I don't know if I am as brave as Barbie.
You may have to start over."

Buff said sternly, "You don't have to do it but if you don't never talk to us or
Barbie again."

I didn't want to lose Trish as a friend and said, "Please Trish. Do it. It won't
be so bad."

Trish whined, "Oh it will hurt terribly but I don't want to lose you as a
friend. I'll do it."

Buffy said, "Good. Now put on your clothes so you can do the thing you
described."

Trish whimpered as she put on her skirt and panties knowing when they came off
again there would be pain.

Suddenly Ann pulled off her shirt then her bra to hand it to Trish with no
qualms or blushes she even smiled when the boys stared at her really nice
breasts. She didn't even bother putting her shirt back on and just sat there
smiling.

When Trish was dressed Buffy moved her closer to the wall to give them room to
swing the belt then let Trish stand there to dread what was going to happen
while they picked cards from a deck to decide the order of spankers. To my
surprise they had me draw a card too.

I drew the low card and assumed that meant I would be last and could hit her
pussy easy but Buffy said, "Best cards get the best places." Jim whooped and
said excitedly as he held up an ace, "I get to spank her pussy!

Debbie said, "I get to redden those cute boobs."

Poor Trish whimpered as that reminded her her most sensitive places that had
never been hurt before would be providing entertainment for them.

Then Buffy said,"You know what to do."

Trish sniffled and took off the skirt.

Buffy said,"Why are you taking off the skirt?"

Trish let out a litttle sob and said,"So Barbie can spank my thighs because I
deserve the pain."

Buffy had her turn sideways and I gave her five spanks from the middle of her
thighs up to the base of her butt at the back. Trish flinched at each "Spat!"
but didn't make a sound until the last one right at the crease formed by the
meeting of her butt to thighs. Even that just caused her to say "Oww.!"  I could
see the spanks were not too hard because the belt did not make welts.

Then Buffy had her turn around and spanked the front of her thighs from my lower
mark to the crotch of her panties. Again there were flinches but only the last
brought an "Ahh."

Without being told she took off the panties and at Buffy's question she
whimpered,"So you can spank my butt and front."

Tom spanked her butt hard enough to leave some welts and bring tears to her
eyes.

Josie spanked the front leaving welts with each one. Trish would jerk her hips
back at the pain but then push forward again as tears began running down her
cheeks. Only the last one at the top of her slit that was not protected by her
thighs brought an agonized wail.

Trish took off her blouse sobbing, "I am taking off my blouse so you can spank
my tummy and back."

Tom warned, "Stay away from her kidneys."

Al began spanking her back from the bra strap to behind her belly button. He did
not hit too hard and Trish just made faces at each "Spat!"

Ann began spanking her soft belly from her pubic bone to just above her navel
leaving red welts that made Trish make little yips of pain. I heard one of the
guys say, "It is almost as much fun watching Ann's big tits sway while she hits
as seeing the hits."

Ann just laughed.

Debbie said exciedly," Take off the bra It is my turn."

Trish sobbed and took off the bra then stretched up her arms to touch the
ceiling. Debbie teased her. She held the belt in both hands then sawed it back
and forth across Trish's nipples while grinning at her and saying, "Why did you
take off the bra?"

Tears rolled off Trish's cheeks as she whimpered, "So you can spank my poor
boobies."

"You want me to do that. Don't you?"

Trish sobbed, "No! I am letting you because I have to."

Debbie said, "I'll tell you what. If you say 'Please another' after each one I
may go easy on you."

That gave Trish a ray of hope and she said, "Really?"

"Maybe."

"Okay. Please spank my boobs."

Debbie lied, She hit just below the nipples hard enough to make the belt sink
into them and leave a nasty red stripe. She made her turn last by pausing to
come over and rub the welt saying, "That really made them jump. Hurt?"

Trish sobbed, "Oh yes! Awful!"

"Okay. Ask for another."

Trish hesitated a moment to gather her courage then squinched her eyes shut and
whimpered,"Please another."

Debbie hit again just below the nipples just as hard leaving another stripe and
causing an agonized,"Owww."

I was amazed. I thought the girls would be easier since they should have empathy
but I found out the girls were always meaner.

Again Debbie felt the welt and said, "Was that one better?"

Trish sobbed, "Maybe but it was still awful."

"Okay let's try another."

Trish braced herself and breathed, "Please another."

Debbie hit her just above the nipples to flatten her boobs and make them jump.
Trish wailed and struggled to keep her hands up waggling her shoulders to make
her boobs sway in a futile attempt to lessen the pain.

I looked around and saw Josie and Ann on their hands and knees with their skirts
up on their backs and Bob and Tom were fucking them from behind so they could
continue to watch. Buffy was on her knees sucking Al while watching Trish.

Finally Trish calmed enough to say.'Please another."

Debbie hit her across both nipples and I knew that would drive pain clear into
her body. Trish really had to struggle to keep her hands up in fact her elbows
bent a little but she managed to straighten them again just in time for Debbie
to hit again in the same place with no warning. Trish managed to keep her arms
up but twisted back and forth to make her boobs sway.

Debbie said,"Okay. You can take down your arms."

Trish moaned,"Thank you." and rubbed her poor red boobs"

We just watched her rub them for awhile. I knew they would be bruised the next
day.

Jim went to her and said, "Last five. Are you ready for them?"

Trish moaned, "Oh God. I guess so. At least it will be over then."

"Okay open your legs."

Trish opened them a little and Jim said,"You had better open them more. You
don't want me to hit on your slit do you?"

Trish wailed,"God No!" and opened them so wide her slit opened to show her pink
inner lips."

Jim teased her by rubbing the belt on her pussy on each side of the slit making
the lips move as Trish gasped. Then he said, "Hold on to your tits with your
hands and push out your pussy."

She did and he hit the left side just outside the slit to make the lips collapse
and shudder as she yelled,"Owww." and squeezed her tits so hard I thought her
fingers may meet her palm. She brought her hips back but then pushed them out
again for the second on the right side. Again she flinched back and squeezed her
boobs but she pushed her pussy back out again sooner this time. I noticed her
pussy was now red but no welts.

He hit the left and right sides again and this time she strained to keep it
pushed out for him. Then he rubbed the belt into her slit and said, "Should we
try one here?"

To my amazement she moaned,"Yes, Please!"

He hit right into the slit and I saw juice spatter as she screamed."Ahhh" but I
was not sure if the scream was from the pain or a giant orgasm since she brought
her hands down to hold the lips open and rub her clit.

I heard Debbie say,"Come here!"

I looked around to see she was stark naked and was pulling down Jim's pants.

I stood there watching them fuck feeling very left out. I heard Trish moan and
saw her on her knees evidentally too weak to stand watching them as she rubbed
her pussy.

When they all finished they huddled to whisper to each other then Buffy came
over to hug us and said,"We were very impressed by you girls. We have decided to
promote you girls to pledge status and to celebrate We are going to have a party
Saturday night. Would you like to come?"

Trish and I said, "Oh Yes! We would love to go."

"Good. Tom will pick up Barbie around seven and Bob will pick up Trish. Just
wear a dress and panties. They don't have to be fancy since we are having the
party at the Pittman cabin in the mountains."

Tom of course was Tom Pittman and Bob Steven's Dad owned the Cadillac and Jaguar
dealership.

We only had one class after lunch since our teacher for the next class was sick.
We could hardly wait to walk home so we could talk. We were both excited about
the party and agreed our folks would really be happy to know we were dating Tom
and Bob.  Dad knew Tom from seeing him at the plant with his Dad and Trish said
her Dad would often go down to Bob's Dad dealership to drool over the Jaguars he
was saving every dime he could get to buy.

Then I said, "God Trish. You were really brave for the pussy spanking. I don't
know if I could push out my pussy like you did for more spanks."

Trish blushed and said, "That was really strange. I really dreaded that but the
spanks to the outside were no worse than my tummy. Not nearly as bad as the
inner thighs or my nipples."

"Yeah but the last one in your slit must have been awful."

Trish blushed even more and said, "The ones to the outside made me so excited
the one to my slit made me cum harder than I have ever cum before. I must be
really weird huh?"

"Maybe not. The last time I masturbated I slapped my pussy with my fingers and
it made me cum big time."

Trish said."Really? I did that too but I was ashamed to tell you."

"Well I am still sure I would not want Dad to do it. He hits too damn hard."

I couldn't wait to tell my folks so watched the late late movie waiting for them
to get home. I must have nodded off because the next thing I knew Mom was
shaking me and saying,"Why aren't you in bed?"

I opened my eyes to see them leaning over me. I said excitedly, "I couldn't wait
till morning to tell you. I have been invited to a party by Tom Pittman. He is
really good looking."

Dad said, "No shit! He is the bosses son. The richest kid in town. I hope he
likes you he may put in a good word with me with his Dad. I have a shot at a
promotion but the other guy has been there longer."

"Okay. I will mention it if I get a chance."

"Well maybe you shouldn't push him until you know he really likes you. Try to
make him like you."

 "Dad, I should tell you. The party is supposed to run late with dinner and
dancing. Is it okay if I stay out late?"

"Hell honey, I don't care if you stay out all night if that is what he wants."

Mom said, "Well if you are going to be late keep in mind that you are too young
for sex."

I moaned, "Ah Mom. I know that."

To my surprise Dad said, "Well I see nothing wrong with some kissing and
fondling. Boys expect that nowadays."

Mom said,"Well maybe. But if he gets too friendly just tell him you are saving
yourself for your husband."

Mom said she was beat and was going to bed. As she left I got up to go to bed
too. Dad grabbed my arm and said, "Be nice to him. If you piss him off I will
beat the shit out of you."

"Do you mean if he wants sex I should do it?"

"Hell honey. You have had sex ed. You know it won't hurt you. Just make sure he
wears a rubber so you won't get pregnant."

I went to bed knowing I could get away with about anything.

end part 4




                           KINGS AND QUEENS PART 5


I was awake most of the night thinking about the party so I slept in. When I
went downstairs they were drinking coffee at the kitchen table.

Mom said,"Your Dad and I have been talking. Since you are going to a fancy party
you should have a new dress. We are going shopping."

Dad pulled some money from his billfold and said,"Yeah. Get her a good one. Show
some skin."

Mom counted the money and said,"We shouldn't need a hundred dollars."

"Whatever. If you don't spend it bring me the change."

For once we wnt to a good woman's store other than Walmart. The salesgirl led us
to the cocktail dress department and Mom picked dresses off the rack and held
them against me rejecting one after the other.

Trish and her Mom came in. Trish came over to give me a hug and I introduced her
and her Mom to my Mom.

Mom said,"You must be here for the same reason as us."

Rhoda, Trish's Mom, said, "Yes. This is Trish's first dressup party so I thought
she should have a nice dress."

Mom said,"Me too but so far I haven't seen anything I like."

"Let's take them into the big dressing room and have them try on some things."

We went in to the dressing room and took off our skirts and blouses. We stood
there blushing a little since we both had a strange woman looking at us even
though we had on sports bras and cotton panties that showed nothing.

Rhoda said,"Well first of all we are going to have to get them some underwear.
Anything dressy is going to show the bras and make panty lines. Take off the
underwear girls. We will find you something."

We took off the underwear and Mom saw our shaved pussies.

She said, "Why did you remove the hair from your crotches?"

I fumbled then said, "We read in a magazine that it was easier to keep clean
that way and we wouldn't have to worry about hair peeking around our bikinis."

"That makes sense but you shouldn't shave it. You may cut yourself and the hair
may get coarse. I pluck mine. See?"

To my shock she raised her skirt to show a perfectly bald pussy. I didn't even
know she went without panties let alone was bald.

I said,"God. That must hurt!"

"Well yes the first time but if you check it every day you only have to pull a
few."

Rhoda laughed and said, "You too? I did it because my hubbie doesn't like hair
in his mouth."

Mom laughed but Trish blushed at the visual of her Dad licking her Mom's pussy."

Mom said, "Have you tried going without panties after you were bald. That is
nice. You can feel every little breeze going up your skirt."

Rhoda laughed and said,"Check this out." She pulled up her skirt and showed that
her pussy was not just bald. It had a gold ring in the top of her slit."

Trish blushed again as Mom said, "That is pretty. Did it hurt a lot?"

"Not really. No worse than having your ears pierced. A tattoo parlor downtown
does it. He also has a girl working there if you are bashful. Naturally I told
Hubbie the girl did it."

Mom said, "Oh that would be wild to have a strange man sticking your pussy."

Rhoda laughed and said,"Yeah it was."

Suddenly the things that happened to Trish and I did not seem so strange.

Then Trish whined, "Mom we are naked here. Can't you get us some clothes."

Mom said I think we should pick out the dresses first so we can get underwear to
match.

We seemed to spend hours there being dressed and naked again as they brought in
dresses. It seemed every time the damn door opened there was a man or boy
getting a quick peek at us.

Finally Mom settled on a silky blue dress with a vee neckline and spaghetti
straps over the shoulder My back was bare nearly to my buttcrack and practically
all my cleavage showed. I knew the boys would love it.

Rhoda settled on an also backless dress with a square neckline showing the tops
of her boobs. I smiled knowing from experience that she would only have to lean
over to show all her boobs.

Mom said,"The only kind of bra that will work is the glue on kind. Barbie is
real firm so I think she can go without a bra."

Rhoda said,"Trish can go without too."

I thought it was ironic that they were dressing us just like Buffy wanted.

They brought us panties until they finally found thongs that did not show a
panty line. They were so thin it was almost like wearing spider web. Then they
bought us high heel shoes to match the dresses saying we would look dumb wearing
Nikes with the dresses.

Mom said, we could put our regular clothes back on. I was kinda disappointed. I
had looked forward to walking through the store to see how many admiring looks I
got and also our old clothes seeemed very confining.

Then they took us to a beauty shop for a hairdo and makeup. When they were done
I realized I had never looked that good before.

When we got home Dad naturally wanted to see my new clothes so I went upstairs
and dressed in them. When I came down the stairs Dad said,"My God. Where did my
little girl go? She is beautiful!"

Even though he was my Dad and prejudiced I really felt good.

He had me make some slow turns in front of him then said, "God. The way it
clings to her if she had a pimple on her butt it would show."

Mom laughed and said, "They will know she is perfect."

That was true and I was glad they didn't point out the bumps my nipples made in
it.

Then Mom said, "Take it off and put on a robe until just before you go so you
won't wrinkle it."

Dad said "Wait! Did you get her new underwear too?"

"Of course. Barbie. Take off the dress so he can see your pretty underwear."

I whined,"Mom. I don't have a bra and the panties are almost transparent. I will
be practically naked!"

"Oh don't be silly. He has seen you naked before now."

"Yeah but that was for punishment. This will just be so he can look at me."

"Just do it."

I knew there was no use arguing. At least the dres was easy to get off. I just
slipped the shoulder straps off then pulled it down over my hips.

I blushed as his eyes roved from my boobs to my crotch just like Uncle Dick's
had."

Dad said, "The panties are really small. Did you have to trim the hair."

Mom laughed and said, "We didn't have to. She had already shaved it. She is as
hairless as she was at six years old."

Dad said. "Really? I thought just strippers and you did that."

I protested, "Oh no Dad. Supermodels do it."

"Really? Show me."

I moaned but pulled the panties down to mid thigh then had to mince over to him
for a better look."

"Wow I think it is closer to when she was four. Remember when we used to spank
her pussy with the little strap to make her giggle and squirm."

I really blushed at that. I had forgotten it but it explained why I had liked to
play with my pussy as far back as I could remember.

Mom told me to go up and get dressed and wait until she called me so I could
make an entrance when Tom came.

I got dressed and watched the road from my room until I saw Tom's cute white
Porsche convertible pull into our driveway."

I heard Dad say, "Jesus. Look at his car. It must have cost a mint."

I heard the doorbell ring and a few minutes later Mom called, "Barbie. Your date
is here."

I made my entrance. Mom was a genius. Coming down the stairs in heels made my
hips and breasts  sway provocatively.

Tom made me really proud by saying, "God Barbie. You are awesome. Absolutely
beautiful."

I thanked him as Dad said,"Yes we are very proud of her."

Tom said, "The party may go late. Will that be all right?"

Dad said, "Oh sure. Tomorrow is Sunday and she can sleep in. I like her home by
midnight on school nights."

That was new. When we had discussed dating he had said I would have to be home
by ten.

Tom opened the car door for me and I got in feeling like a princess or
something.

On the way he said, "This will just give you a small taste of our parties. This
is informal. The ones at the country club are more elaborate."

I felt a little disappointed assuming dinner would be pizza and beer.

It seemed like we drove forever before pulling off onto a long gravel drive way
to the cabin.
We turned a corner and saw a huge log house all lit up. It was beautiful with
big logs and stone I guess I shouldn't have been surprised since they were so
rich.

When we came in everyone came over to give us hugs the Tom asked me what I
wanted to drink. I said, "A Coke I guess if you have some."

He laughed and said,"No I mean a real drink."

The only one I had heard of was a screwdriver so I asked for that.

He made one for me and made himself a scotch and water. Then he led me over to a
huge table to join the others filling plates from a huge variety of meats,fish
and veggies.

We went over to join Buffy and a new guy sitting on a huge leather couch with a
coffee table to match. He was introduced as Willie3. Buffy, laughed and said his
name is William Randolph Longevin the third but we just call him Willie3."

I recognized the name. His Dad owned three big movie theatres.

Buffy laughed and said, Willie3 can put you on the big screen."

After we had eaten we had another drink and suddenly music seemed to come from
everywhere.

We started dancing and I was really glad I had spent so much time practicing in
front of TV on the MTV channel. We changed partners at each song. They were all
slow songs mostly ballads or old standards. It seemed to be standard for the boy
to hold my buttcheeks in his hands while I held his to pull us close together. I
felt proud when I felt a guys dick harden as he kneaded mt butt.

 Buffy yelled,"Enough dancing. Let's play cards."

I thought I am in deep shit if they play Bridge or something. The only card game
I knew was Hearts.

I was next to Trish when Buffy came over to say. We are going to play strip
poker. Do you girls know how to play?"

Trish giggled and said," I know. I used to play it with some neighbor kids When
my folks were gone. Losing hand has to take off an article of clothing until
someone is naked. Right?"

I said,"I have never played poker."

Buffy said, "It is an easy game. We play High Texas Holdem. You get a stack of
chips. Before the cards are dealt you put in one chip. Then three cards are
dealt face up. You look at your hole cards and the ones faceup. If you think you
have a good hand you bet up to three chips. Then another card is dealt face up
and if it helps you, you bet again Then the final card is dealt and there is one
more bet. and winner is the one with the best hand.

I asked,"How do you know what is a good hand?"

No problem I will give you a sheet of paper with the order of hands from a royal
straight flush to just higest cards.

"What are the chips worth?"

"Each chip represents a piece of clothing. We settle up at the end. Each player
has a different colored chip and at the end you can trade their chips with
yours.

I said, "God I only need four chips. That is all the clothes I have on."

"No silly. Everyone gets fifty chips. When two people are out of chips the two
winners will take off your clothes and will give you lashes with one of those
whips on the wall."

She pointed them out. They had long handles with six leather straps sprouting
from the handle. It reminded me of a slave whipping picture I had seen in our
history book.

I said, "Oh God. If I lose I would get forty six lashes."

"That is about it. But look at the bright side. If you only have one chip when
the two losers are broke you don't get whipped. Of course you only get to whip
them if you are one of the winners."

I thought about it and decided if I played real conservatively I may have chips
left at the end.

I said, "Do you mean some of you other girls could be whipped?"

"Sure. If you are lucky."

"Boys too?"

"No girls have to pay their date's losses but if Tom loses and you win. You
would not be whipped. After the whipping we will all make love."  

We began to play and it soon became obvious the guys had nothing to lose and bet
with nothing. I lost twice to guys who laughed and turned over hands that were
less than mine.

Buffy had put the odds behind each hand so I began to call or bet when I had a
hand that stood a chance.

I began to build up my chips as I learned not to stay in hoping for the miracle
card that would give me a straight or flush.

Trish was unreal. She giggled as her chips built up to make stacks. Buffy
glowered at her as her chips shrunk mainly because her date was taking chips
from her pile. Finally she yelled, "For Christ's sake throw in your hand when
you have nothing. You are killing me!"

From then on he threw in his cards at the "Flop" so he only cost her one chip.
But then when he did stay everyone knew he had a good hand so they would fold
and he would just get a small pot.

The game went on and I thought I had it made when I had two aces in the hole and
one came on the flop. I bet and Wllie3 raised but he bluffed a lot so I raised
him back. Only buffy stayed I looked at the flop and saw two hearts so I assomed
she had two more in her hand. The next card was a nine of hearts which made her
flush but there was another nine so I had a full house. She bet. Willie3 raised
and I called and pushed in my last two chips. Buffy pushed in all of hers and
the guy grinned and called.

I triumphantly turned over my hand saying," I have a full house!"  Buffy said,
"Shit. That beats my flush!"

I started to rake in the chips when  Willie3 said,"Hold it." He turned over two
nines to make four of a kind."

I moaned,"How could you stay in with nines you had to know I had aces."

"I knew. I just felt lucky."


Buffy and I stood up and Willie3 led me to the center of the room while Bob led
Buffy.

Willie3 took off my shoulder straps and slowly pulled down my dress exposing my
boobs an inch at a time while they cheered or whistled. Then he pulled down my
panties and I heard someone yell,"Check out that cute pussy." Then he took off
my shoes and said, "Thats four. Forty six lashes."


They began counting as Bob took off her earrings, then a necklace, then her
wrist watch, her shoes, her dress, a slip, her bra, garterbelt, stockings and
finally her panties. They cheered and she said,"Enjoy you lucky bastards,"

Bob said," Thirteen. thirty seven lashes."

I said,"It would have been more fair if I had been able to wear all those
things."

"Shit! I wasn't supposed to lose at all. Who knew Trish would get lucky. We will
get even with her."

She yelled, "We want company. Strip the other pledge, Trish."

Trish whined, "But I won."

"That is catch 22. If a pledge loses the other pledge gets the same sentence."

Trish moaned as Buffy whispered to me, "How do you like that. I just made up
that rule."

"It isn't fair but I may not have lost if she hadn't beaten me so many times."

"Yeah that is the way I figure it."

Al brought her out and stripped her while she sniffled.

Then Buffy said, "We only have two whips so Trish will have to go out to the
willow tree and cut a switch."

Trish looked alarmed and sobbed but dutifully walked to the buffet table to get
the meat knife and went out the door sniffling.

Bob said,"Girls get your whips."

Buffy said,"God I hate this part going to get a thing that will hurt me."

I said,"Imagine how Trish feels."

We got our whips and returned to the center of the room to wait for Trish. She
came in with tears in her eyes carrying a switch as tall as she was. I said,
"God Trish. Why did you cut such a big one."

She semed surprised I asked and said, "This is the size Dad has me get for him."

I said, "That will hurt!"

She just nodded and moaned, "I know."

Then I found the game was not over. We had to draw cards to see who would be
first. Buffy drew high card so she was first.

Bob said,"As you know Buffy, You will draw three cards to see where you will be
hit. Ace is pussy,king is tits, queen is inner thighs. Jack is stomach, ten is
butt, and nine is back."

Buffy said,"Yeah I know. I hope I get low cards."

She drew three cards and got a king, a ten and a queen

Buffy whined,"Oh God. Twelve to my tits,twelve to my inner thighs, and 13 on my
butt. I wish I had drawn the king last to work up to it."

That let me know the extra lash could go where the girl wanted it.

While she was drawing a guy threw a rope over a big log in the ceiling and
another went to a cupboard and brought back three padded leather cuffs.

Three guys put the cuffs on her ankles and wrists. Then she was led under the
rope hanging down from the log. They tied ropes to the ankle cuffs and pulled
her legs apart to tie them to hooks on the wall then tied her wrist cuffs and
pulled her up tight to mmake her look like and upside down "Y" It nade her look
great. Her breasts rose and her tummy shrunk. I hoped I would be tied the same
way.

She said defiantly, "I hope you bastards are happy. It has been a long time
since you got a chance to whip me."

Ann giggled and said, "Bet your ass! We remember how much kick you got out of
seeing us whipped. It is about time you lost."

They gave her six to each breast. Every time her breast would sink in and be
jerked before pushing out again for the next. She would squeal and make a face
at each one.

Then they gave her thirteen across her butt cheeks which didn't seem to hurt her
as much since she just gasped at each one as her butt got cherry red.

Then they gave her six to each inner thigh all close to her pussy. By the time
they finished she was crying and moaning "No."

I heard a moan behind me and saw girls and guys fucking. Obviously they used
these spectacles to excite them.

When Buffy was released she cried, "Oh God. Fuck me. Make me forget the pain."

Trish and I stood there naked and fascinated as she was fucked doggy style while
sucking Bob's dick.

When they had all cum they stopped for a minute for a break and a drink. I drank
mine fast enough to get another.

Trish and I drew cards and I was next. Trish said,"I wish it had been me to get
it over with. This waiting is killing me.

I drew three cards and got a ten, a jack and a queen."

I was relieved that my pussy and boobs would be spared. I thought for a minute
then decided to take the odd sixteen on my thighs thinking after thirty above I
should be pretty numb.

I was tied like Buffy and like her just gasped at the ones to my butt since the
sting was bearable. The fifteen to my tummy was worse since they all were
concentrated from my belly button
to the top of my slit. The sixteen to my inner thighs were worse since a thong
would often pinch a pussy lip but perversely it also excited me and like Buffy I
begged them to fuck me.

I had a new experience I was fucked in both my ass and pussy. I didn't think I
would like it in my ass but it wasn't bad especially since I was kept busy by
sucking dicks.

It took them a little longer to recover so we had about three drinks while poor
Trish shuffled holding her switch and looking miserable.

Then Trish drew three cards. Her luck in getting big cards in the poker game
killed her now. She got a king,queen and ace.

She began to cry at the thought of what would happen.

Bob said, "Since they are all going on her front let's use the barrel."

Al said, "Great. I'll get it."

He went to a closet and rolled out a huge wooden barrel. They sat her on it and
bent her back so she was doing a back bend then tied her wrist to a ring in the
floor. Her butt was pushing he pussy up high. Then they pulled he legs open and
tied rope to her ankles and knees to pull her legs  open and down to mkae Trish
moan, "My hips are killing me."

I went to her and said, "God Trish. You should see yourself. Youur pussy is
gaping open so much I can see inside you."

She moaned, "I don't want to know."

END PART FIVE




                          KINGS & QUEENS 6

Bob said, "Where do you want the odd spank"

Trish moaned," I don't care. I am going to be hurting so much it doesnt matter."

"Okay we will use it as the finale to your thighs"

Jim said,"That flattens her tits. Let's bring them out a little."

He went to a cupboard and brought back two big rubber bands about an inch or so
wide. He held one open with both hands then Al grabbed her nipple and pulled up
her boob while she squealed so Jim could fit it around th base of her boobs and
let it go. Her boob ballooned to look like a canteloupe then they did the other
one. I could see her boobs would be so tight the switch would bounce off them.

Trish was screaming by the time he finished her tits. They were a maroon color
and if anything looked even more swollen. (I have a picture if you want it.)

She continued to scream as stripe after stripe went to her inner thighs all real
close to her pussy so some overlapped. Then on the last one he brought the
switch down right in to her slit. The pain must have been so bad it took her
breath because she just gasped and struggled.

Then he began hitting across her pussy lips until it was so red and swollen he
took pity and put the rest on her lower stomach.

Unlike Buffy and me Trish was so exhausted she just laid on the floor panting
when she was released while we fucked. After we had fucked and had another drink
she was rested enough to want them to fuck her in spite of the fact her pussy
was so swollen. She obviously liked it because when Al came she licked their
juices off his dick in gratitude.

We all rested and drank some more then Buffy said, "You girls are goinng to make
great Queens once you have learned the social graces. We didn't have a chance to
get your new bras Friday but we will Monday."

Trish caresssed her still sore tits and said,"I would hate to wear a bra now."

Buffy gave her a hug and said,"They will be fine tomorrow."

For the rest of the night we just had sex. Once they had a contest with Trish
and me. We sucked Al and Jim  while Tom and Dick spanked our butts with a strap.
First guy to cum would stop the spanking. I won!

Thank God my parents were asleep when I got home. I just stripped and fell into
bed exhausted.

They let me sleep in but then asked me all about the party. Naturally I just
told them about the fabulous buffet and the great stereo for dancing. They asked
me if they liked my dress and I said I got a lot of compliments and they must
like me because I was invited to a swim party and Barbecue at Tom's house.

Dad said,"That is great. I will buy you a new bathing suit. I want them to
really like you."

I called Trish to see if she was all right since she was still sore when we left
the party.

She said she was fine and then asked me to come to her place since she wanted to
show me something. She answered the door stark naked so I knew her folks weren't
home.

She said excitedly, "Look at my tits. Have they changed?"

"Well they have some little bruises. Is that what you mean?"

"No silly. I think having them spanked is making them grow."

"Well I know they swell up a little at spanking but I don't know if it lasts."

"Oh I am sure they are growing. My bra fits tighter."

"Well maybe."

"I tried spanking them myself but I can't make myself hit hard enough. Would you
spank them for me? I would love to have tits as big as yours."

"Okay but lets measure them first to see if they grow."

She got a magic marker and I made a mark at her armpits and cleavage then
measured that and then made two marks above and below and measured them.

She got on her bed on her knees and put her hands behind her neck then pushed
out her boobs and said,"Okay hit them."

I took the strap her Dad used on her ass and slapped the outside of them but she
said,"Harder! I hit that hard. And all over."

I began hitting harder as she gritted her teeth, Her boobs were jumping and
swaying with each one and getting ral red when she moaned,"Harder I am getting
used to it."

I really began hitting then, up, down, sideways and into the cleavage to keep
them dancing while she clenched her teeth and moaned.

It seemed she was never going to tell me to stop so when they were beet red I
stopped and said,"Lets measure them."

I measured them and they had grown more than an inch.

"She said,"That is wonderful. It is worth the pain especially since it excites
me."

I said,"I hate to admit it but spanking them excited me too. I knew just what
you were feeling."

"Good. Get naked and lie on the bed."

I stripped quickly and laid on my back. She craawled to my head to kiss my lips
then neck then boobs as I kissed her back. Her boobs were hot and firm.She
kissed and licked down my stomach then her pussy was at my mouth just as her
tongue dove into my slit. We began licking and kissing and sucking on our clits
till her juices were running down my cheeks and we both came."

She rolled over on her back and giggled then said,"Who needs boys?"

"I do. There is nothing like a big dick in my pussy."

"True but boys don't know how to eat pussy. They have no idea what feels good.
Bob  ate me at the party but he just lapped like a dog. It was kinda like he was
using his tongue as a brush to paint me."

I laughed at that picture and said,"Tom was good. Some girl must have told him
what to do."

"Yeah that is a problem. I am afraid if I tell them what to do it might piss
them off and they will stop. I get a good feeling of power to have them lick me.
I suppose they feel the same when we go down on them."

"I think so. Al said it really turned him on to have me crawl over to suck his
dick."

We just laid there awhile idly carressing each others pussy then her talking
clock said it was four oclock so I had to get home for dinner.

At dinner Dad reminded me to ask Tom to put in a good word for him. I told him I
didn't know if Tom had much influence on his Dad's business.

He said sadly, "I suppose you are right."

A few minutes later he said, "Will his Dad be at the pool party?"

"I don't know. Maybe."

"Well if he is I want you to go to him and tell him I work very hard for him and
you love me and would do anything to help me get promoted."

Mom said shocked, "My God you sound like you want to pimp for your daughter."

Dad said, "Get real. He is old. He wouldn't want to fuck her probavly just look
and touch. That  won't hurt her."

"Well maybe. We could sure use the money but if he is a moral man he may be
offended."

"Good point although from what I have heard he isn't all that moral. Barbie.
Make sure you let him know this is your idea."

I said, "Okay."  After all Uncle Dick had not tried to fuck us and he probably
wouldn't either. Especially with everyone there and looking and touching would
be a lot better than hurting.

At noon the next day Trish and I expected to be taken out to the van but Buffy
said, "Go get your lunch, we are just going to talk."

When we got back Buffy said,"You girls have been very cooperative so far. Do you
think you could accept even more humiliation and pain?"

I gulped then said, "I don't know. It is hard to tell until it happens."

Trash said,"I can. If that is what you want."

Buffy said, "Good girl! How about you Barbie?"

For some reason "Good girl" seemed to be the greatest thing and I wanted to hear
it.

I said, "I will accept anything Trish will."

I smiled at my "Good girl."

Then Buffy said, "Follow me to the Girl's room. I am going to put some things on
you to wear until after school when you can come out to the van for removal and
the shopping trip for bras."

She led us to the bathroom and Ann followed. We went into the handicapped stall
which was big enough for the four of us and Ann locked the door.

Buffy told us to lift our shirts to our necks and when we did Buffy began
playing with my nipples as Ann did Trish's. It really felt good as she squeezed
and tugged and twisted them Then Ann said, "I don't think they will get any
stiffer."

Buffy said, "Yeah here are yours."

She handed her a couple of paper clamps. You have seen them. You may even have
some in your desk.They have little wire handles you pull out to open the jaws
and when you have clamped the papers in your report the handle folds back to
make it neat.

She slid one on my nipple and let it close. I squealed, "God it hurts! It is
going to bite my nipple off!"

Trish's gasp let me know the same thing was happening to her.

Buffgy said, "The sharp pain will go away in a minute."

Then she put another on my other nipple. Now the sharp pain was on both nipples.

Buffy folded the little handles and said, "Nice and neat. No-one will know you
are wearing them. I was going to use clothespins but they would have shown under
your shirt."

She led us back to the table with tears in our eyes and when we were seated we
had to lift our shirts to show the others. Tom said, "Wow. That must hurt."

Debbie said,"Yeah. They are a bitch at first but the pain changes."

By the end of the noon hour the pain changed all right but I was not sure it was
better. The sharp pain went away to be replaced by a throbbing pain that seemed
to go deep into my boobs.

Buffy said, "I'll see you at class break to see how you are doing."

It about made Trish and me crazy. We wanted so much to touch our poor nippples
but of course we couldn't.

At class break Buffy and Ann were waiting for us. They took us to the bathroom
and we hoped she would take them off but they just lifted our shirts to look at
them then had us lift our skirts so they could pull down our panties to put one
on each pussy lip.

Now there was sharp pain to our pussies while we still had the throbbing pain to
our nipples. We both began to cry so they kept us in the stall until the bell
rang to calm down.

The rest of the classes semmed endless. I am sure the teachers noticed us
squirming in our seats in a futile attemp to lessen the pain.

Finally the last bell rang and we hurried out to the van. I think my pussy had
swollen because I could feel the lips rub together as I walked.

We beat everyone to the van and immediately stripped so there would be no delay
in removing the clamps. By then the clamps had sunk into our swolleen nipples
and pussy to below skin level. We took the opportunity to rub them but it didn't
really help.

Buffy came in and giggled as she said, "You must really want to get the clamps
off to be all naked for us."

I whined, "Oh yes. Please take them off. They are killing us."

Buffy took one off my right nipple and Ann took one from Trish.

I swear it hurt more to take them off than put them on. They watched amused as
we squealed and frantically rubbed our nipples with deep indentions.

Just as the pain lessened she took the one off my left nipple to bring back the
terrible pain.

They laughed as we rubbed frantically.

Then they jerked off both pussy clamos at once and we squealed and rubbed not
caring that they watched. I swear I would have rubbed even if we were standing
on the stage of the gym with the whole school watching.

Tom got into the driver's seat and we began to leave so I reached for my clothes
but Debbie said, " Stay naked. You got the guys hard and you got us girls
excited too."

They had us lie on our backs on the table then guys fucked us while girls pushed
their pussies into our mouths. I was grateful the van had dark glass so no-one
could see us as we drove downtown. In spite of the humiliation of licking
pussies the dicks in us gave us good orgasms.

Tom pulled into the alley behind the sex shop and I again reached for my clothes
but Debbie grabbed them and said. You won't need them. You will be naked anyway
for fitting."

Buffy got out and knocked on the door and when it opened she waved at us. Tom
said it was clear and we ran to the door stark naked afraid someone my see us.

When we were inside there were two strange men in there. Trish and I hid
ouselves with our arms and hands but Buffy said, "Don't be silly. This is Bill
the owner and Joe his manager. They like to see young girls naked and give me a
discount. Put your hands at your sides."

We dropped our hands blushing at the stares of Bill and Joe.

Buffy said, "Go out to the store and get the packs of panties you bought so we
can match the colors."

I said. "God Buffy. What if someone comes in while we are out there naked?"

"You know the windows are black so no-one can see you from the street and anyone
who comes in is looking for something sexy. You will make their day."

We got lucky. We hurried out and grabbed the packs of panties and was back
before anyone could come in.

Buffy told Joe to go out and find matching bras. He came back with an armload of
bras and said, "John and Ted are out there."

Bill said, "Hey they are good customers. Have them come back. They will get a
kick out of this."

Trish and I whined, "Buffy. Please?"

Buffy said, "What the hell it is  just a couple of more guys."

Maybe but we were alrady embarressed being naked while everyone else was
clothed. It seemed to make it more humiliating.

They came in and they were old. Maybe fifty. One of them said, "Hey great. I
love young pussy."

Trish and I blushed again.

Then we put on panties and tried on matching bras. Just being hid for a little
while seemed better. As soon as Buffy found a bra she liked in that color we had
to change panties to try on the new color. The other guy said, "This is great.
Kind of like they are flashiing for us."

That made us blush again but finally we had our bras. Then Bill said, "Would you
like to see some moe exotic things? I just got some new stuff."

Buffy said, "Sure. Why not?"

He went out while we had to get naked again and came back with chains in both
hands. He said, "This is a one size fits all. Joe you fit trish. I'll do
Barbie."

He put a chain around my neck and clipped it where other chains were at my
boobs. Then he wrapped another chain at the base of my boob the tightened it and
clipped it. There was a mirror on the wall and I saw my boob balloon as it was
squeezed. Then he did the other one. My boobs loooked like round balls and when
I touched them they were hard.

Then he put a chain around my waist just above my hip bones and tightened it
until it sunk into my belly. He took another chain to hook on to my waist chain
at the back then ran it though my legs to tuck it into my slit and pull it tight
to hook it to the front of the chain. I gasped as the chain link rubbed on my
clit and anus.

Buffy said, "Walk around and see how it feels."

I did and said, "Oh this is wild! Pushing my tits out makes them bob more and
the chain links on my clit are exciting me."

Trish said,"Yeah this would be something else wearing a wool sweater."

Buffy grinnned and said, "Add it to our shopping cart. Anything else?"

Bill said, "Yeah but they may not like this so much."

Bob and Tom took off our chain costumes. I kinda hated to have it go. If you
would like to see a picture of it let me know.

Bill came back with a leather uplift bra and matching thong panties. Since I
love the feel of leather I thought it would be great until he turned them inside
out to show they were covered with short sharp pins.

Buffy said,"Oo that should hurt. Put them on them."

Bill told me to stretch up my arms as high as I could. He put on the bra
tightening it until I felt the sharp points scratching me. He told me to put
down my arms but when I did there were a million pins sticking me so I quickly
stretched up again.

Buffy said,"Put your arms down." But Bill said, That is okay. I can fix that,"

I stood there stretching as high as I could then he buckled the waist of the
thongs around my waist leaving the front to hang. He went behind me and grabbed
the thong and jerked the panties into my pussy to hook it on to the waist band.
a million needles stuck every inch of my pussy and I quickly brought down my
hands to pull it away but that sunk the needles into my boobs.

He grabbed my wrist and buckled it to the waist band and then did the same to my
other wrist. The slightest movement moved the needles.

Buffy told us to walk around and that made the needles sink in more.

She said, 'How is that?"

"Awful. I think I am bleeding."

She had Bill and Joe take them off and when she saw both my pussy and boobs were
covered with blood she said,"We will pass on those. I don't want them to get
infected."

Bill said,""It isn't as bad as it looks. I'll wash them off and you can see."

He went to a bucket and brought back a wet rag he slapped into my pussy and
rubbed. I yelled, "Owww! That is burning me. What is it?"

"It is just salt water. Buffy look. It is just tiny punctures that have already
stopped bleeding."

"Yeah but she only took a few steps. She would be raw in a long walk. We'll
pass."

I said, "Oh thank you Buffy."

"That's okay. You know we don't want to hurt you bad."

I knew John was mean when he said, "Hell with all the antibiotics available
infection should be no problem. I'll pay for them if you put them back on and do
five minutes of jumping jacks."

Just the thought of my tits jumping in the bra and my legs opening and closing
on the panties made me moan and shudder.

Buffy said,"Thanks but no thanks. What else do you have?"

"I have a new whip. It has stainless steel wires. Depending on how hard it is
used you can make a tiny sting all the way to slicing the skin."

Buffy said, "Okay. Let's see it."

He went out and came back with two whips with four long stiff wires coming out
of a handle. I shuddered just looking at it.

Buffy felt it thoughtfully the suddenly jerked her skirt up to her panties and
hit her thighs with it. Although she didn't hit too hard she gasped and looked
down at four red lines across her thighs.

Buffy looked at us and said, "Do you remember you said you would be willing to
sffer more pain?"

Trish said, "Yes Buffy. I will."

"How about you Barbie?"

I was afraid but said, "As long as Trish is first I will take anything she
will."

"Good girls! Since your boobs and pussy have already suffered it will just be to
your butts."

I was so relieved. The thought of one of those wires on my nipples terrified me.

She said, "Put them in the stocks." John and Ted applauded and I gave them a
dirty look.

Bill and Joe dragged a couple of big wood things from the wall to the center of
the room. They swung up a big board and had us put our wrists and necks in holes
in the wood and locked down the board to trap our necks and wrists in it bent
way over. They had placed them so I could see Trish's butt and I knew she could
see mine.

Buffy came over and kissed us then said, "We are going to have a contest to see
which one of you is the most courageous. You will be hit easy and if you can
take more say 'Harder'. Either of you can end this by just saying 'Stop."

I thought this will be awful. Trish may be braver than me and worse we would be
asking for more pain until we reached our ultimate limits.

Worse John said, "I would give a hundred dollars to use the whip." and Ted said,
"Me too."

Buffy said, "Won't that be nice girls. For once you can treat me instead of me
you."

I said doughtfully, "I guess so."  Trish said, "Oh yes Buffy. I can take you out
to dinner."

Buffy said, "Okay guys. If you want this to last you better hit easy at first
and just a little harder each time."

John said, "Hell I know that. My wife needs to be worked up to hard pain."

Ted said, "My daughter is the same."

I groaned, So much for my hope of only ten or so.

I felt a sting across both cheeks but not bad. I looked at Trish's butt and saw
light red lines. We said, "Harder," I felt a sharper sting but still bearable
and saw four new and redder lines on Trish's butt.

I said "Harder and Trish echoed. I gasped as this hit really stung and I saw 
welts on Trish's butt.

It went on like that and as they got worse we danced from the pain and hesitated
before we could say, "Harder."

Now every hit caused welts but I seemed to get used to the increasing pain.

Then I saw blood appearing on Trish's butt where welts crossed. She screamed but
said "Harder."

I hesitated since I knew my butt must look the same but finally sobbed,"Harder"

The next one was awful and we squealed and danced for a long time. Then Trish
sobbed, "Harder!"

I wanted to stop and was relieved when Buffy said, "Enough! Their butts are
bleeding. They are too dumb to quit."

The ordeal wasn't over though since they washed our butts with saltwater to set
us on fire. Finally the washing became cooling and we were released only to sink
to our knees sobbing and caresssing our poor cheeks.

When we had calmed Buffy said, "You girls must thank the nice gentlemen for the
spanking. You know how to thank them. Don't you?"

We knew all right. We turnned on our knees to unzip their pants and pull out
their gnarly dicks to put them in our mouths. Mine tasted terrible. He must not
have washed it for a long time.

It wasn't really a blow job. They just grabbed our hair and jerked our heads
forward and back. When he came he drove his dick down my throat to make me gag
and fight for air. I thought I might pass out before he pulled out his dick.

End part6




                                  KINGS & QUEENS 7

As soon as they let go of our hair we rushed over to a sink on the wall and
rinsed and rinsed our mouths trying to get rid of the taste.

John gave Buffy a business card and said, "Call me. When you bring them back."

I was so glad when Buffy said, "I don't think so. We don't want to do re-runs."

John said disappointed, "Well call if you change your mind. I would pay more to
whip their tits and pussies."

Buffy said,"No you have had enough fun."

They left and Buffy had us put on our new panties and bras and when we got out
to the van she said, "That made me hungry. Put on your clothes and we will go
get Pizza."

When we got to the Pizza Parlor she had us lift our skirts so our welted butts
could sit on the vinyl stool. Thankfully the skirts went down again. The cool
vinyl felt really good. This was real Italian Pizza not just a chain and it was
really good and it was fun to watch them twirl the dough to make a circle.
Naturally Trish and I paid. The bill was a lot more than Pizza Hut but it was
worth it and we had the money. It also felt good not to be a leech.

Buffy told us to wear the chain costume to school. As soon as I got home I put
it on and walked around. It was wild! My boobs pushed out, bobbed at each step
and the links rubbed ion my clit. As an experiment I tried doing some Jumping
Jacks. That was really wild! Onjly a few made me lie on my back on the bed to
jerk on the chain and play with my nipples until I had a great orgasm.

Walking to school the next day made both Trish and me crazy. Especially Trish
since she was wearing her rough wool sweater.

Buffy was waiting for us and took us to the bathroom to tighten the chain in our
pussies one more link. We shifted in our seats in class and ran to the bathroom
between classes to masturbate to try to calm down. Kids noticed our tits
sticking out and we were asked if we were wearing wonder bras. Naturally we 
said we were rather than the truth. We had to laugh when girls said they wished
they had bras like that.

At noon we told Buffy the chains were making us crazy and she let us take them
off. Now we were pantyless and braless so we had to be careful to keep our
skirts down in class. Even then the skirts were only to mid thigh when stting so
we had to keep our legs together.

Then in Math class while we were answering the questions at the end of the
chapter I looked up to see our teacher staring at my legs and smiling. I don't
know what got into me.I raised one leg to put my foot on the rung then opened my
legs knowing he would have a perfect view of my bald pussy.

I peeked up at him and saw he was resting his chin on his arms on the desk to
get an even better view. He was smiling and I smiled back at him. He blushed but
continued to look.

Near the end of class he told us to hand in our work and then we could leave.
Most of the kids rushed up to get out but Math is not my best subject so I kept
working trying to do the last two questions. Finally no-one was left so I
brought up my paper. He grinned at me and wrote a big "A" on it without even
looking at it.

I grinnned back. I needed all the "A.s" I could get.

The next day I wore my sexiest panties and again opened my legs but he frowned
and graded my paper as usual. I am not stupid. From then on I took off my
panties before going in to his class to get "A"s again.

At noon each day they would draw cards to see who we should have sex with. I
liked it when boys won because I would only have to suck them awhile before they
would fuck me. Birls were bad. We had to lick them until they came with no
pleasure to us and it was especially embarrassing since the others stood over us
and offered suggestions to make it better for them like licking their anus.

On Thurday Dad got up early and came into my room to say, "Get up. I bought your
new bikini bathing suit. Try it on."

"Daddy, will you leave. I am naked."

"Of course. You have to be naked to put this on. Do it."

I got up and stood in front of him then blushed as he rubbed my pussy and said,
"The hair is starting to grow out again. You will have to shave it again before
Saturday. I'll do it for you so you won't cut yourself."

I blushed and said,"I can do it."

"No. It will be hard for you to get every hair."

He left and came back with a towel and his old-fashined shaving mug and brush I
had bought for him for his birthday.

He had me sit on the towel and open my legs as wide as I could. This was
completely different from Tom's electric razor. The soft brush and warm lather
felt wonderful and so did his hand pulling on my lips to get every hair. I had
to do math problems in my head to keep from embarrassing myself by having an
orgasm.

Finally he said,"Great. Your pussy is just like when you were a baby."

He gave me the suit which was made of some kind of silky material. It was more
like panties and bra than a bathing suit. When I put it on he had me walk
around. I said, "The material is too slick and thin. I can feel it slipping into
my butt crack."

(I have a picture if you would like to see it)

"That's okay. You see girls pulling the suits out of their butt cracks all the
time."

"Yeah but it fits so tight on my pussy you can see the puffy lips with a valley
between"

"That's okay. It is covered."

"I guess it would be okay with the other kids but Tom's dad may be there and
that will be embarrassing."

"You'll get over it. I hope he likes it."

"He should. I am almost naked."

"Yeah. See if the other kids will join you skinny dipping,"

"Dad! They wouldn't do that."

"You don't know. You have never been to a pool party. If they decide to do it,
don't argue."

He left then to go back to bed. It made me wonder if the kids would swim naked
even with Tom's dad there."

Tom called me to say he would pick me up at noon and that all I needed to wear
was my bathing suit and thong shoes. I told my folks he would get me at noon and
went upstairs to put on the suit. I thought it would be embarrassing to wear it
going through town in the open convertible so I put on a short terry cloth robe.

I went downstairs to see Mom and Dad scurruying around dusting and making things
neat.

Dad said, "This is your second date with Tom. That is a good sign. Don't forget
to put in a good word for me."

"I will Daddy but I don't know if Tom will pass it on to his Dad."

"Well maybe his Dad will be there. Tell him you love me and will do anything to
help me."

Mom said, "That is terrible. God knows what he may want."

"He won't hurt her. You want to trade in your old car, don't you?"

"Well yes but Barbie if he asks you to do something nasty I don't want to hear
about it. It will make me feel guilty."

"Okay Mom. I won't tell you."

Tom arrived and Dad rushed to the door to let him in. He shook his hand and said
he had bought me a new swim suit for the party and asked him if he would like to
see it."

Tom said,"Sure."

Dad had me take off the robe and turn around slowly so he could see all of me. I
blushed even though he had seen me naked.

Tom said,"Very nice but most of the girls wear thong suits now."

Dad said, "No problem. Turn around Barbie."

I turned my back to them and Dad suddenly jerked the back of the suit up to
slide it into my buttcrack to make me gasp as the front tightened on my pussy.

Tom said, "Yeah. That is much better but the bra needs adjusting. May I?"

Dad said, "Certainly. I want her to look like the other girls."

He had me turn around to face him then slid the bottom of the triangles together
on the string until just a strap covered my nipples leaving the rest of my boobs
bare.

Tom said, "That is better. Don't you agree?"

Dad said, "Yeah she is beautiful isn't she?"

"Yes she is. You should be proud of her."

"Oh I am."

Mom said doughtfully, "She is nearly naked. Are you sure the other girls will be
dressed like this?"

"Oh yes. The other girls get their suits from Paris. Their suits just have
strings going though the butt cheeks."

Mom said, "I guess it is alright then."

I put on my robe and we went out to his car but about a block away he said,"Lose
the robe."

I protested, "Tom! Strangers will see me."

"Yeah they can use some entertainment. Take it off and put it in the back."

He laughed when he saw me blush when he stopped at a stoplight and guys in the
car next to us whistled and beat on the side of their car.

He said, "I am thirsty. Would you like a coke?"

"Yes. My mouth is dry."

He pulled into a drive-in but rather than go though the drive-thru he parked."

I said, Aren't you going to the drive-thru?"

"Naw. Here is five bucks. Get them at the counter."

"Tom! I am almost naked and the place is full of people."

"Are you arguing with me?"

"No. I'm sorry."

"Well you did argue so I am going to make another adjustment. Get on your
knees."

I did and he folded the waist band until it was just a little rope at the top of
my buttcrack and just above my pubic bone. I would be obvious I had no hair.

I went in to mixed reactions. Men and boys grinned at me but women scowled and I
thought I would die of shame when a woman said loudly, "What has the world come
to. The little slut has no shame."

It seemed to take forever to get waited on and when I got the cokes I hurried
back out to the car.

Tom said, "How was it?"

"Awful. A woman called me a slut."

"Well considering how much you like being fucked you probably qualify."

That hurt. I had been trying to convince myself I only did those things because
I had to do them.


Then he said, "Anyway I love the way you cooperate."

That seemed to be an opportunity and I said, "Tom. My Dad is up for a promotion
at your plant. Would you put in a good word for him with your Dad?"

"I don't have anything to do with that shit. You will have to ask him?"

"Oh. Will he be at the party?"

"Yeah. Mom is in Seattle for one of her shopping trips. She says our stores
suck. Like all guys he loves to watch young girls running around nearly naked."

"Do you think he would like me?"

"Sure. What is not to like. If he really likes you your Dad is in."

I thought, God now I am committed to make him like me.

We drove up a long winding driveway to this huge three story house. Tom
said,"This is a great house. It has a tennis court, a nine hole golf course a
huge swimming pool and a big recroom with a bar, a jukebox, a pooltable and
video games."

He led me to the back of the house where I saw a huge pool with a water slide
and a waterfall. The girls were standing under it letting the water fall on
their boobs. I realised they were having a contest when the water tore off Ann's
top and she yelled, "I won."

Buffy,Josie,Debbie and Trish went to her to kiss and lick her nipples then they
pulled down her suit bottom and began licking her butt and pussy.

Tom laughed and said, "It looks like the party is off to a good start. Would you
like a drink."

If this was just a start I knew I would need to loosen up so said,"God Yes!"

He took me over to a well stocked bar and a buffet table loaded with goodies. He
said I know you like screwdrivers but I think you will like a Harvey Wallbanger
better."

I did. He had added some more liquor to it that gave it a nice sweeter taste
that went down easily. I drank a couple while we watched the girls playing in
the pool. I suddenly realized Tom was the only boy. I said,"Where are the guys?"

"They are playing a round of golf. You should be glad I got here too late to
join them. I suck at golf and the loser's girl gets twenty lashes by the winner
and his girl."

I was so happy he considered me his girl I kissed him and said, "I would be glad
to take lashes for you."

"I am glad you feel that way. You may have to prove that a lot."

At that time a real hairy guy came out of the house and grinned at the girls who
were now all topless.

I said,"Is that your Father? He looks good for an older man."

"He should he spends a mint on Spas and the gym. He is fifty but never wants to
look older than forty."

I said, "I need to go talk to him."

"Yeah I know you want to promote your Dad."

He had seated himself on an ornate marble bench by the corner and continued to
grin at the girls who were now showing off by bouncing in the pool to make their
boobs jump and quiver.

I went to him shyly and said, "Hi. I am Barbie Stewart. My dad Rodney Stewart
works for you. Do you know him?"

"Rod? Sure a good man. Why?"

I gulped and said, "I love him very much and he is up for a promotion. If there
is anything I can do to help him I will."

"Did he put you up to this?"

"Oh no. It is my idea. Tom said I may help."

"Tom is a good boy. What do you mean by anything."

I blushed and said, "Whatever you want."

"Really. Well first of all have you noticed that you are the only girl still
wearing a bathing suit?"

"Do you want me to take it off?"

"No. I'll do it."

He must have wanted to tease himself. He undid the bow at my back and then the
bow behind my neck and very slowly dragged it down grinning at my blush and gasp
as he fingers slid over my nipples.

The he slowly pulled down my suit bottom with his hands sliding down my butt and
crotch. When it got to my knees he let it drop to the floor then rubbed the back
of his hand on my pussy saying, "Nice. Soft and smooth. I swear the older I get
the younger I like my girls. By the time I am seventy I will be turned on by ten
year olds."

Suddenly Buffy and Ann came to us. They were both wearing robes to make me feel
more naked.

Buffy said, "I am sorry that Barbie approached you without being properly
introduced. She should be punished."

Mr Pittman grinned at me and said, "Yes that was rude. Do you think you should
be punished, Barbie?"

I gulped and said, "Yes sir if you think so."

"Good. Ann get my straps."

I said timidly, "Straps? What are you going to do spank my front and back at the
same time?"

He laughed and said, "You weren't that bad. You will just get that cute round
butt spanked."

I was relieved and said, "Oh good. How many spanks?"

"I will know when you have had enough."

Ann came back and handed him two straps about a foot long and a couple of inches
wide.

He said, "Get over my knee."

I laid across his legs bracing myself with my toes and hands on the floor but he
said,"Not over my legs. Over my knee as I said. Straddle it."

I got up an straddled his leg. As I let myself down I felt his hairy leg
tickling my bald pussy. He had me open my legs until all my weight was on his
leg and I held on to his shoulders to brace myself which put my boobs next to
his face.

He hit my butt with both straps at once to sting both cheeks and make me slide
forward on his leg. He pushed me back and hit again. I slid forward feeling his
hair slide on my slit. Then I got the rthymn and slid forward and back at each
spank loving the feel of his hair on my pussy. He began hitting faster and I
rubbed faster as excitement rose with the sting and rub.

I noticed to my shame his leg was getting slicker and realised the juices from
my pussy would make it obvious to him and the girls around us that I was close
to orgasm from this weird spanking.

I was cheated! He suddenly stopped spanking me just as I was panting and
trembling with excitement agonizingly close to the release of climax. I kept
rubbing hoping for the few more spanks that would get me over but he dropped the
straps and lifted me off his knee by my breasts.

Buffy said,"You naughty girl! Look what you did to his leg.Lick it clean!"

I whined,"Do I have to." I knew immediately my plaintive "Do I have to." was not
the flat "No!"that may have stopped them."

Buffy said,"Of course you do."

I got on my knees and began licking I was grateful my juices did not taste bad.
It was weird licking his hairy leg. It must be what it would be like to lick a
hairly pussy. It was horribly humiliating to hear them say I had leaked a lot
and pointing out places I had missed.Even worse I ;ooled up to se Mr. Pittman
watching me with a smug snile on his face from my humiliation.

Finally they were satisfied he was clean and Mr. Pittman said,"Get a halter."

Ann ran off and came back with a gold chain with clamps on the ends. She put the
clamps on my nipples then jerked on the chain. I yelled,"Oww That hurts!"

"Yes that makes it easier to lead you."

She handed the chain to Mr. Pittman and he walked away with me trotting behind
him to keep slack in the chain. He led me to a bedroom and said, "Have you ever
been fucked by an older man?"

I said, "No. Why?"

"You may find it different. My penis is rather large so you better get it wet
with your mouth."

I got on my knees and slid down his bathing suit. His hard penis flipped out and
trembled. I put it in my mouth and as told took it in as deep as I could to the
point I gagged only to have to go back to that point again.

He said," Enough." and pulled me to my feet with the chain causing sharp pain to
my nipples."

He got on his back on the bed and said, "You will do all the work. Straddle me
and guide my dick into your pussy."

He had a rather large cock with a big head that stretched me and let my lips
close over the smaller shaft. It felt like it may go clear to my stomach and
when my butt rested on his thighs he began jerking the chain up and down to make
me bounce on it. Strangely the sharp pains to my nipples only increased the
excitement of his dick dragging on my pussy. I learned something about older
men, They can last much longer than boys so I could have multiple orgasms. The
only thing you have to consider is if you want to fuck an old man for a long
time.

He finally came making a horrrible face as if he was in pain then he took off my
clamps and gave me a kiss before holding my hand to lead me back to the pool.

The boys had returned from their golf game. Mr.Pittman took me back to Tom and
said, "You have a great little girl here Tom. She just got her Dad a promotion."

"Great. She will be available for you any time. Won't you Barbie?"

"Oh yes! Thank you Mr. Pittman. I will make you happy with me."

I heard Ann say, "Okay. Who lost at golf?"

Jim said, "Sorry Ann. It was me."

"Oh shit! Damnit Jim. You said you would take lessons."

"I did. I just had a bad day."

"Oh God. How bad."

"Thirty. Sorry about that."

"Oh God."

Buffy was standing by me and I said, "Why is she so upset. Thirty spanks 
doesn't seem so bad."

"It isn't that simple. She will get ten lashes to her butt or thighs, ten to her
breasts, and ten to her pussy. What I think is worse is that she will be tied
spread-eagled for a half hour before the lashing blindfolded and we can go to
her to put on clamps or stick needles in her and she won't know who is being
mean."

"God that all seems mean."

"Oh no. If you want to be kind to her you will put your share of the thirty
clamps and needles in her butt, thighs, or stomach rather than her breasts and
pussy. Unfortuneatly for her since she does not know who is doing it there is
not much incentive to be kind. Especially since her boyfriend does not
participate since he caused this. Since there are ten of us we only get three
pins and three clamps apiece so we have a tendency to make them count."

Ann had put her bathing suit back on to come over to watch my spanking. She had
to take it off again then stood between two big columns while The girls put
padded leather cuffs on her ankles and wrists then the boys hooked ropes over
hooks on the columns to pull her legs open and her arms out and up. Then a sleep
mask was put over her eyes which had started to form tears.

As usual There was a gamble for turns by drawing cards. I didn't want to hurt
Ann so I took my jack which made me fourth in line to Mr. Pittman and said, "I
don't want to hurt Ann. Would you like to have my card?"

He looked surprised and said, "I usually don't participate in the kid's games
but I will ask Buffy if it is okay."

He went to Buffy then they both came back to me."

Buffy looked mad and said, "Will you never learn not to do anything without
permission from me? Mr. Pittman will get his turn but now he will get six pins
and six clamps because you will be joining Ann."

I panicked. The idea of getting all that pain blindfolded without knowing when
to brace for it really scared me. I whined, "Please don't! I didn't know!"

"Bullshit. I know you were just trying to brown nose Mr. Pittman."

They led me over by Ann. I struggled a bit and cried but soon gave up knowing I
couldn't win and also thinking I had brought this on myself.

When I was tied I saw Al bringing out clothes hangers lined with alligator
clamps and Debbie carrying a big pincushion full of short map pins. After my
blindfold was on we were teased for awhile by unknown people coming to us to
pinch our nipples and pussy.

Then I felt a sharp pain as a clamp was put on my nipple that made me gasp and
struggle. I knew it was Josie since she had giggled and waved an Ace. She put
another on my other nipple and the third on a pussy lip to make pain race from
my pussy to my boobs. She put a pin in my nipple to make me squeal and struggle.
Then another in the other nipple. I whined,"Josie. Why are you being so mean. I
haven't done anything to you."

There was a pause since she must have been surprised I knew it was her.

She said,"Yes you have. We had agreed to keep Mr. Pittman out of our games. Now
We will always get an extra from him."

At that She pushed the last pin into my pussy lip pushing it all the way to the
head.

There was a pause then another person came to me to pull out my nipples to add
more clamps then he or she pushed three pins in my pussy.

The third person pulled on a clamp to make room for another on my nipple which
made me squeal in pain then he pulled out my other nipple to make me sob. I
guess he did not care I knew who he was because I recognized Bob's voice
saying,"No more room on nipples but aureoles are nearly as good."

Then he pulled on the clamps to give him room for pins to make me whine and beg
for no more.

The fourth came who I knew was Mr. Pittman. I don't know if he was being kind or
knew I knew it was him. He put clamps in a ring around my brelly button and
stuck the pins in my butt. I hated shots in my ass and this was much worse.

From then on I guess my body zoned out because the rest of the clamps an pins
did not hurt as much although all were on my breasts or pussy.

When the last were in or on they left us both sobbing from the costant pain and
throbbing but the moment one of us would calm down someone would come to us to
jerk on a clamp or wiggle a pin to make us renew our sobbing.

The half hour we hung there seemed like hours but finally they began taking off
the clamps and pulling the pins to make new pain. When they finished I must have
been bleeding a little because
Buffy said she would put some antibiotic cream on me. It really felt good but
didn't make up for the earlier pain.

Then I heard a "Whap!" and knew Ann had been hit. Right after that my butt was
stung and from then on I knew my hit would come shortly after Anns. The ten to
my butt was almost anti-climatic after the earlier pain but the ones to my
breasts always hit nipples to keep me and Ann screaming but the pussy was even
worse as a thong would also slide into the slit to hit the clit and anus.

They let us hang there totally exhausted by the pain then we were released and
carried to a bed.

After resting awhile Ann said, "There is some cream in the bed table. Get it and
I will rub it on you while you do me."

That felt wonderful especially on my sore nipples and clit so I rubbed her there
too.

She said,"Barbie, you are dumber than a box of rocks. I hope you learned your
lesson."

"For sure I will only do what I am told from now on."

end part 7




                               KINGS & QUEENS 8



I laid there idly caressing an especially nasty welt on my pussy and then said,
"Considering how you and Buffy were punished it isnt going to be much different
when Trish and I are members. Is it?"

"Oh certainly it will. You have no choice. We members can decide if we want to
participate in contests or not. Also since you were blindfolded you probably
didn't know my punishment was not as bad as yours."

"Well I did notice while putting the cream on you that the bitemarks from the
clamps were mostly on your belly and breasts rather than on the nipples and
pussy like me. Also you don't have welts like me but I thought they were just
being kind to you."

"Yes and they will be kinder to you once you are a member. Actually we girls
agreed to be especially brave to be an example for you. Normally floggings are
just foreplay to excite us and the boys for sex."

"Oh I can understand that. When it isn't so hard it is exciting."

"Yes I am afraid we have become jaded. Just kissing and fondling does not do
much for us anymore."

I thought about that. Before I fantasized about a good looking boy kissing and
fondling me but lately I had fantasized about that same boy whipping me.

Ann said, "I am hungry and thirsty. Let's go back and see what is happening."

I wasn't especially hungry but I was thirsty maybe from the screaming and all
the perspiration.

We went back just in time to see Trish sandwiched between Jim and Bob. They were
jerking her forward and back with their dicks in her anus and pussy. She had a
look of pure ecstacy on her face. Her toes were off the floor as she was held up
and jerked around by the hands on her ass and crotch.

Ann showed me how to make a Harvey Wallbanger and we sipped our drinks and ate
canapes while we watched Trish seeming to go into a kind of trance of ecstacy.

When they finished she sank to the floor to her hands and knees and panted for a
while then she dragged herself to her feet to come over to us and grab a bottle
of Corona out of an ice tub to gulp it down thirstily.

When she finished she said,"Oh God Barbie, you have to try that. It was unreal!"

"Well it looked like you were having a lot more fun than I did being punished."

Buffy was making a drink and said, "Yeah Trish. Don't you feel guilty for just
being kissed, fondled and fucked while your best friend was punished?"

"Well maybe but I haven't done anything wrong."

"Don't you think telling Josie to put a clamp on Barbies clit wrong?"

I was shocked and exclaimed, "God Trish. Did you do that! That was the worst!"

Trish hung her head and said,"Yes but I was about to cum and it seemed exciting
to me. I'm sorry."

Ann said,"I think Trish should let Barbie put clamps on her."

Trish shuddered and said, "Would that let you forgive me?"

"Maybe if you accepted them untied so I know you are serious about wanting to be
forgiven."

"Oh I don't know if I could be that brave."

Buffy said, "You could if you knew that if you did not ask for another the
clamps would be whipped with a willow switch."

Trish cringed and said, "Would you really do that?"

"Yes. After all you would be breaking a promise."

"Would Barbie kiss my hurts to make them well after?"

I said, "Yes you would have earned that."

"Okay. I'll do it."

Buffy said, "Good. Barbie we have gobs of alligator clamps. You can cover her
whole body."

"No. I have an idea. I will only need three but we need to hang her face down
from the ceiling with ropes to her arms and legs."

Trish cringed and whined, "Three clamps? I know where they will be going. It
will really hurt won't it."

I said, "You should know. You saw I was crying before you told them to put one
on my clit."

She hung her head and said, "I know. I am sorry."

At first they hung her from her wrists and ankles but that put her into a severe
backbend. I didn't want that pain to interfere with the pain I planned so I had
them add ropes to her thighs and biceps to allow her to be hung straighter.

I waved at the group to follow me to the end of the pool where Trish could not
hear us and told them to tie strings between the clamps and  empty quart beer
bottles then told Buffy to get a turkey baster and a bucket of water.

Buffy laughed and said, "I know what you are going to do. That is diabolical.
You will have her pleading to use the switch instead even though she fears it."

The boys had the bottles tied to the clamps about the same time Buffy returned
with a plastic bucket full of water and the turkey baster. I went to Trish
carrrying the bottles at the end of their strings.

Trish moaned,"Oh God you have added weight to the clamps. That will hurt more!"

"Yes. You should hurt as much as I did. You won't be hit like I was."

"Oh God. I guess I deserve it."

I let the clamp close gently on her nipple but she still moaned,"Oh it hurts."

I let the bottle down slowly until it left my hand pulling her nipple way out
and causing her to yell,"Oww. That hurts too much! Take it off!"

I said, "You will be able to take them off."

I put the other bottle on her other nipple which caused the same anguished
cries.

Then I went to her crotch and began rubbing annd tugging on her clitoris. She
moaned, "No. Please no!" but in spite of herself her clit grew until I could
easily add the clamp. That made her cry and jerk her hips but that stopped
immediately when the weight of the bottle began tugging on it.

She whined,"Please take them off!"

"No. Do you see this turkey baster? I am going to add water to the bottles until
the weight pulls them off. If you want to get rid of them just say 'More water'
until they fall off."

She whimpered, "more water".

The turkey baster held about four ounces of water. I squirted it into the
bottles while she sobbed and wriggled to cause the bottles to sway.

When I stepped back she cried,"It didn't work! They are still on and hurt more."

I said,"I guess you need more water."

"Oh God. More water."

I filled the baster and squirted it in to the bottle on her right nipple. The
clamp slipped a little but was caught by the bud on the end of her nipple and
her breast became cone shaped. The same thing happened on her left nipple and
now Trish really began to cry.

I added water to the clit bottle and expected it to fall but her clit just
stretched till it was past her lips.

Trish wailed,"No more! Whip me! Switch me! just take them off."

I said, "I think one more will do it."

She screamed, "Then do it!"

That was partially successful. Her tits just stretched to the maximum but the
one on her clit slid off leaving deep scratches. She screamed as it slid off but
then sobbed,"At least that one is gone."

I said, "Shake your tits a little. They should pull off."

She moved a little but yelled, "I can't do it. Just little movements are killing
me. Pull them off!"

I picked up the bottle until the necks buried themselves in her breasts then
dropped them. That did it. they came crashing to the floor accompanied by her
shrill scream."

She hung there a moment panting as if she had run a mile then we took her down
and as I promised I kissed and licked her nipples tasting a little blood then
licked her pussy until she had a nice orgasm.

That seemed to excite everyone and we all had sex until we were taken home.

End part 8




                     Kings & Queens 9

The next morning Dad woke me and asked how the swimming party had gone.

I told him it had been great and that I thought Mr. Pittman would give him the
promotion.

He said, "Wonderful. Did he like the bathing suit I bought you?"

"Yes but he had me alter it a little to be more like the other girls."

"Alter it? How?"

"Well the other girls were wearing thong suits that bared their buns so he had
me pull the seat of my suit into my buttcrack then fold it down a little."

"Damn. I should have known those sophisticated girls would be wearing the latest
fashion. You didn't argue with him did you?"

"No. I remembered you wanted me to please him."

"Good girl. Show me what you did to alter it."

Even though he had seen me naked I was still embarrassed and I kept my back to
him as I went to my chest of drawers to take out the suit and put it on. I went
to him then turned my back to him to tug the bottom of the suit into my
buttcrack until I was sure it was buried in it then turned to fold down the
waist until it was at my pubic bone in the front and my tailbone in the back.

Dad said, "Oh yeah. That is a great improvement. It shows all of your cute round
spankable buns. Did you alter the top?"

I blushed and said,"Yes." then showed him how I slid the bottom of the triangles
on their strings to barely cover the nipples.

"Oh yeah. That is great. Did he like it?"

"Yes but he seemed more impressed that I was obediant. He said it proved you
were a good father and should be able to handle the personnel."

"Great! That is a good sign. Okay you can go back to bed. I know you were up
late."

When he left I took off the suit then wondered if he had seen any marks on me. I
went naked to the mirror and saw to my relief that the only bruises were on my
nipples and pussy which he had not seen.

I slept until noon then got up to see mom and Dad smiling at me obviously
pleased. Mom even fixed my favorite breakfast of waffles and bacon.

After breakfast I said, "Is it okay if I go over to see Trish?"

Dad said,"Sure honey. Would you like me to drive you over?"

That was a surprise. He had me walk everywhere saying it was good exercise for
me. I told him I would walk since it was only a few blocks.

Trish met me at her door still wearing her bathrobe. She didn't seem very happy
to see me just saying, "Follow me to my room. I want to show you something."

I followed her and when her door shut she took off her robe and said, "You were
real mean to me. Look at my poor nipples."

I looked and saw they were covered with scabs from the clamps scratching them. I
said, "I am sorry."

"You should be. How did you come up with that evil idea?"

Actually I didn't. I read about it in the internet but it was supposed to just
stretch them."

"Well it was a lot worse than that. Look at my clit."

She held the lips open and I saw it was a kind of purple color rather than the
normal pink.

"Oh God. I am sorry. Is it still sore?"

"Yes! If it wasn't so sore I would have you lick it but I think that may just
hurt me."

"I am sorry let's make a pact that we won't ever suggest anything that will hurt
us again."

"I'll go along with that especially since you get evil ideas but you are still
way ahead of me."

"I am sorry. If you want to put a clamp on my clit. You may."

"No I wouldn't wish that pain on anyone. Besides I don't have any clamps but
there is something I would like to do."

"What is that?"

"You know I am jealous of your big boobs. I would like to switch them. Five on
each boob. Four on each side of the nipple and one on it."

"Oh that would hurt a lot but if it will make you forgive me. I'll let you do
it."

"THere is more to it. There is a boy next door whose bedroom is upstairs above
our fence. Once he saw me go out naked to get a switch for Dad. Since then he
watches our backyard like a hawk. Since it is Sunday he will be by the window
playing on his computer. It will be really embarrassing for you as it was me
since you will not only be naked he will know you are cutting a switch for a
spanking."

"Oh God. That will be embarrassing but he may be so busy on the computer he may
noy notice me."

"Yes. I was able to sneak by a couple of times. We have to do it now. My folks
will be home in a couple of hours."

"Shit. Okay I'll do it and we will be even. Right?"

"Right. Take your time coming back because you have to strip off all the leaves
and twigs before you can come back in."

I took off my clothes while she got a cleaver from the kitchen. I went to the
back door and looked up at the house next door. I saw a boy about fourteen
wiggling a joystick as he stared at the screen of his computer. That was a good
sign. I went out into the bright sun feeling super exposed to hurry to the
willow tree.

Just as I stepped out Trish yelled,"Make sure you cut a big one!"

I saw his head snap away from the screen to stare at me with a big grin on his
face. He really got a good look since I had to circle the tree to find a good
switch. I cut one and hurriedly began stripping off the branches as I walked
back acutely aware my boobs were swinging to make him grin even more. He
yelled,"That is going to hurt. Can I watch?"

I yelled,"No. You little pervert. Go away!"

He didn't of course and I had to stand on the porch a minute to finish stripping
while he hung out the window so far I thought he may fall.

When I got inside Trish was giggling and said, "Maybe someday I will let him
watch."

"The hell you will. He would tell the whole school."

She said,"I am going to do it like Dad did once. The suspense will kill you."

She got a kitchen chair and sat on it then told me to stand in front of her with
my legs open and my hands behind my head.

She took the butt end of the switch in her left hand then held it against my
pussy and slid the switch tthrough her fist until the pointy end was at the
center of my boob. Then she rubbed her left fist on my pussy while she pulled
down the switch slowly until it was bent nearly double where she let it slip out
of her fist, It came at me in a blur then snapped into my boob causing a sharp
pain and a welt.

She was right the suspense was awful as I fearfully watched the switch bend
slowly while her knuckles rubbed my pussy. I knew just where it would hit since
she would turn her left wrist while it pressed on my boob before the slow pull
back and release to cause another sharp pain. It was weird. Her knuckles felt
good on my pussy but not good enough to stop the fear as the switch went back
like a spring. when I had four stripes on each side of my nipple she placed the
tip on my nipple and pulled down the switch. She just held it bent double a
moment grinning at me until I whimpered "Do it. Get it over with."

The sharp tip bit into my nipple causing a little scream as the pain seemed to
double.

She did my other boob making it even worse as she held the switch bent double
until the suspense of the coming pain made me sob and tremble.

When the pain was over she told me to stand outside so he could see my welts
like her Dad had made her do.

I realised how perverse I had become when I did it. I stood out there with my
hands on my head and continued to stand there even when the little pervert stuck
a telescope out the window for a closer look. Suddenly he disappeared and I knew
he had left to jerk off.

I went back inside as Trish laughed and said,"You really made his day. I lied
about Dad making me show him."

"That was rotten but I have really become perverse. I was proud to show him my
welts knowing he would know I was brave since I didn't scream."

"Actually you let out a couple of little screams for the nipples but he probably
didn't hear them."

Did your Dad even do that to you?"

"Actually no. Mom did. She was real mad and said she knew that would really
hurt. She was worse she hit me twice on each nipple."

"God I have changed so much. I am addicted to orgasms. I can't even make it all
day at school without going to the girls room to masturbate."

"Yeah. Me too. And worse I fantasize about being whipped while I do it."

"You too? I am so glad you told me. I thought I was really sick."

"Yeah who knew we could cum from pain."

"Yeah I used to get off just rubbing my clit but now when I get close I spank it
or pinch my nipples."

"Yeah but thank God I can still cun from fucking."

"Yeah there is nothing like a big dick stretching you and going in deep."

"Uh huh. I even want one going into my throat. I have been practising with a
bannna. I learned you don't gag if you kind of yawn when it is at your throat."

"Really? Lets get a bannana so I can try it."

I gagged a lot at first but finally found the secret and could let it go in deep
and back out to go deep again. I could hardly wait to show the boys.

We didn't get the chance. On Monday there was a notice the school would be out
for the rest of the week for a teacher's conference. The Kings and Quenns spent
the noon hour planning a road trip Trish anf I would not be joining since we
were still just pledges. Trish's Grandma got sick and she had to go to Seattle
to take care of her so I was left alone. By Wednesday I was going nuts since I
just could not get off with masturbation.

end 9




                       KINGS AND QUEENS 10


Mom saw I was sulky and told me to go out and kill the dandelions in the lawn
and she would give me ten dollars so I could go shopping. That was the price of
a dildo at the sex shop so I went for it. They waved to me on their way to work.

I started out in jeans and a t-shirt but then it got hot so I went in to put on
my bikini. I was just finishing up when our neighbor came over to say, "I have
some weeds in my backyard. If you come over and pull them I will give you ten
dollars."

That would let me buy the dildo and the magazine I had seen so I said, "Okay." I
knew his real reason was just to watch me crawl around in my bikini but it may
be fun to turn him on.

We went to his backyard which was surrounded by a high solid wood fence. He
showed me a little rock garden and I began weeding feeling my bikini crawling
into my buttcrack.

In a few moments he said, "That is a real sexy bikini."

I looked at him and saw he was holding his hand on his crotch. I was sure he was
hiding a hard on. I wanted to see if he would rub it so I said, "In private
places I can make it sexier."

"This is a private place. If you can make it sexier I will pay twenty dollars
for the weeding."

"Okay if you promise you won't tell anyone."

He laughed and said,"Don't worry. I won't tell anyone."

I stood up and with my back to him I pulled the bottom into my asscrack then
rolled down the waist until it was to the top of my crack. Then i turned around
and pulled the thin material tight against my pussy to make the center slide
into my slit then rolled down the front until it was at my pubic bone. Now it
looked like a rope pulling a tiny triangle into my crotch. Then I pinched the
lower triangle of the top together so only my nipples would be hid.

Now he got kind of a stricken look on his face and clutched his crotch.he said,
"Your boobs are nearly bare. I'll give you another ten if you take it off,"

"I guess that would be okay. I am not hiding much anyway."

I took it off and he kind of sighed and said,"They are beautiful it is a shame
to ever cover them."

"Thanks. They are real firm. See. They don't flop arpound when I waggle my
shoulders."

He said,"Oh God." and clutched his crotch while he watched my boobs sway.

I got back on my hands and knees and began weeding again.

He kinda moaned then said,"That is the cutest spankable bottom I have ever
seen."

I giggled and said,"That is what my boyfriend says. He loves to spank me."

"Really? You don't mind if he does that?"

"No. It is kinda exciting."

"Really. How does he do it?"

"It is kind of a game. I take off all my clothes and bend over for five spanks
on my bottom. If I yell or move out of position I get five more harder ones."

"Really? What happens if you don't yell?"

"He gives me five on my tummy. But that doesn't hurt too bad. I have strong
tummy muscles. See?"

I sucked in my tummy muscles to show him how I could suck it in so far my ribs
showed which made my boobs look bigger.

"That is amazing. So you usually don't get more than five on your tummy?"

"No so he has me open my legs to give me five on my left inner thigh and then
five to my right. That hurts a lot more so it is hard not to yell."

"I can imagine. But if you don't yell what is next?"

"He makes two stripes below the nipples on my boobs then two more above. The
last one on my nipples hurts so much I usually yell."

He squeezed his dick again as he said, "Then you get five more? That could go on
for hours."

"No that hurts so much I clench my teeth together so I will just moan through my
nose. That is okay."

"Oh wow. What does he hit you with?"

"He has a skinny belt like yours."

He slid his belt out of his pants and said,"Like this?"

I trembled in excitement as I watched him swing the belt back and forth then
moaned, "Oh yes. Like that."

"Does the game end after your boobs?"

"No he hits my crotch five times while I hold my legs open. If I don't yell I
win."

"Really? What do you win?"

"Oh I am embarrassed to tell you."

"I won't tell anyone."

"Well okay. When I win he will lick my pussy until I have an orgasm. If I yell I
have to suck his penis."

"It must be tempting to hit your pussy real hard."

"Uh huh but I really like being licked so I can usually keep from yelling."

"I would love to play that game."

"Oh I don't think so. I only play it with him because I love him."

"Well would you like me better if I gave you another forty dollars?"

Gee. It is tempting."

"I'll make it fifty but I get to take off your suit and I warn you I will try to
win."

By then I was really excited so I said,"Okay."

I went over to him and he leaned forward to untie my bra strap and when it was
loose he licked and nibbled on my nipple.

It sent like an electric shock through me and I said, "Ooo that feels wild."

"Good. I will do the other one."

He bit down on it and pulled. It hurt but it hurt good if you know what I mean.
I moaned,"Oh that hurts but it is okay."

"I am glad you don't mind a little pain because they will hurt a lot more when I
whip them."

Rather than frighten me that just increased my excitement. I moaned, "Oh yes. I
know."

He began taking little nips on my tummy as he went down. His teeth were kind of
like the clothespins but different because his soft lips were around the bites.
As he began pulling down my suit bottom I knew the bites would be on mmy pussy
and pusged down on his head to hurry him but he teased me by continuing the slow
progress. Then the first bite was on my pussy lip and like the nipples he pulled
the lip out obscenely far as his teeth shot thrills into my womb. He bit and
chewed then he put his finger in my asshole and his thumb in my pussy to pinch
and pull there until I was gasping in excitement.

Just as I was about to orgasm he stopped to say, "Have my teeth made your
nipples and pussy very sensitive?"

I moaned, "Oh yes. They are tingling."

"Good. I am not going to waste my time on your butt and stomach since you
indicated they are not real sensitive. I am just going to hit your breasts and
pussy."

"Oh wow. That means ten on each.That will really hurt."

He seemed surprised saying, "I just planned five but of course you are right.
Since I am skipping I deserve ten. If you yell do I get another five?"

"Yes, and the extra five can all be on the nipples."

"Fantastic. And the extra on your pussy can all be in the groove?"

"Oh God. That would be awful. I have only been hit there once."

"Does that mean I can't?"

"No. I guess if I yell I will deserve it."

"You are a very courageous girl. If you earn the extra five I will give you
another fifty dollars."

"If I do it won't be for the money."

He had me lean over and hold my head up by my hair. My boobs were hanging
straight down and I knew the would be jumping all over when hit. He put four
even stripes above my nipples and I found it was a blessing to have my boobs
loose since they seemed to absorb the impacct with not quite as much pain.

He had me lie on my back with my arms stretched behind my head on his dining
room table for the four under my nipples. That hurt more but it was also very
exciting.

Then he had me stand up and put my hands under my boobs to hold them out for the
nipples. He teased me by sawing the belt across my nipples until they were hard.

He hit across both nipples and it hurt so bad it took my breath away. He just
stood there a moment watching me pant and moan as I squeezed my boobs. The delay
let the pain radiate both into my body and down to make my clit tingle.

I was ready and moaned,"Do it."

He hit just as hard or harder but that made me sigh "Awww" as an orgasm shook my
body.

As soon as I could get my breath I said,"How do you want me for the pussy?"

He again looked surprised. I guess he expected me to beg him for no more but I
knew I could get an even stronger orgasm.

He said "I know exactly how I want you."

He took a cushion off the couch and put it on the table. Then he lifted me to
sit on it and had me lie back to open my legs. I knew this opened the lips and
also exposed my little puckered anus.

He said, "Would it be okay to tie you like this. I saw a picture like that and
it was very exciting."

"Yes. That way I would not have to concentrate on keeping my legs open."

He tied my ankles together then my knees to the table to pull them down to the
table causing some pain to my hips then he wrapped rope around my wrists and
pulled me tight to tie the end to a heavy cabinet.

He went to my side and caressed my boobs and tummy saying "God you are
beautiful. You are so helpless I could do anything to you. Couldn't I."

I knew that was true but that just excited me more. I moaned, "If you don't do
anything real mean.You can put the last five spanks in my groove."

"Really? Here?"

He ran his middle finger from my anus to my clit. I moaned, "Oh yes."

He said, "Jesus. You are amazing. All this has excited you so much your pussy is
sopping wet."

I just moaned,"Uh huh."

"There is one thing missing from the picture. May I add them?"

I said,"Yes but hurry."

"Aren't you going to ask what I am going to do?"

"No I trust you."

He took a couple of clothespins from his pocket and let them close on my
nipples. It was just what I needed. The pain had subsided in my nipples and they
brought it back.

Then he teased me by sawing his belt up and down my slit until I begged, "Please
spank it."

He began bringing his belt down diagonally across the lips to my anus then after
four of those he brought it right down my slit to throw me into orgasm. The next
five stung me from my clit to my anus and my orgasms got so strong I thought I
might have a hert attack. When he finished he just stared at me in awe as I
panted and squirmed while after shocks tore through my body.

When I calmed down a little he said, "No yell. I guess I don't get my blowjob."

He had given me fantastic orgasms so I grinned at him and yelled,"Owww."

He grinned back and quicly untied me then he drpped his pants and shorts and sat
at the edge of a chair.

I crawled over to him and lovingly licked his balls and the shaft of his rigid
dick. He said,"I should warn you. When I am relaxed like this I can last quite
awhile."

I grinned at him and let my tongue swirl around the head of his dick then put it
in my mouth to bob and suck enjoying the looks he got on his face. He wasn't all
that relaxed. When I got his dick into my throat and swallowed to tighten my
throat muscles on it he let out a sigh and his dick began to pulse in my mouth
as spurt after spurt of his cum shot down my throat.

When he calmed down he counted out my money. I felt a little guilty wondering if
this made me a whore but President Clinton had said a blowjob was not sex so I
guessed it was okay.

I went home and carressed the little welts his belt had left and hel my pussy
lips open to see the normally pink inner lips were now red. I know he thought he
was real severe but from experience I knew I would be back to normal in a few
hours.

I decided to take a nap since I was so tired but it turned out to be more than a
nap. I didn't wake up until seven the next morning. It was too early to get up
so I just idly caressed my nipples and pussy remembering the sharp stings of his
belt. That excited me enough to begin to masturbate for real but eventually I
came to the sad realization that although it felt good I could no longer reach
climax that way. I needed pain and worse I knew that I was becoming tolerant to
worse pain. I wondered where it may end.

I saw the money piled on my dresser and that made me feel guilty. I knew whores
gave blow-jobs and that made me a whore. I thought about giving his money back
to him but then decided he mainly paid me to be able to hurt me which I was sure
whores would not allow. I still felt guilty though and wondered if I should
confess something to Dad so he would give me a bad spanking.

I got up and went to my computer to check out the chat rooms to see if I could
find Trish. I spent a lot of time going to her favorites but I didn't find her
so I thought she might not have access to a computer. By then it was 9:30 so I
dressed and went downstairs to make breakfast.

They thanked me but as usual looked at me suspiciously and asked if I felt
guilty about something. I said, "No but I guess you could spank me anyway."

Dad said, "You are willing to take a spanking even though you haven't done
anything wrong?"

"Yes if it will satisfy your suspicion and make you happy with me."

"Good girl. You are becoming very obediant. I am proud of you."

"Thank you. I love you and will always try to please you. Because of me Mr.
Pittman won't forget your name."

"Yes. Stella when will you become that obediant."

Mom said, "Hey. I accept spankings when I have done something wrong. That should
be enough."

That was news to me. I had never heard Dad spank her so they must have done it
when I was gone or asleep. It explained why she never objected to my spankings.

About then I heard a car coming into our driveway. I rushed to the window to see
who it was and saw Mr. Pitmman's Rolls Royce come to a stop."

I exclaimed,"Omigod. It is Mr. Pittman! Our house must look pretty ratty
compared to his."

Dad said, "That is okay. Maybe that will show him I need a raise. Go out and
greet him."

I ran out and gave him a hug and said,"Welcome to our home."

I led him inside and Dad and Mom went over to shake his hand. Dad said,"You know
Barbie, this is my wife Stella.

Mom went to him and said,"I am pleased to meet you. May I get you anything?"

"A cup of coffee would be nice."  He pulled out one of the kitchen chairs and
sat down.

She rushed to get him a cup and when she returned to bend over to give it to him
her robe opened a little to show the tops of her boobs.

He grinned at her and said, "I see where Barbie got her marvelous body."

She blushed and grabbed the lapels of her robe to pull it closed.

He said, "You shouldn't be embarrassed. You are lucky tu have a great body. You
should show it off."

Mom blushed again but Dad said, "Mr. Pittman is right. Take off your robe so he
can see how lovely you are."

Mom blushed and said,"I can't I just have my nightie under it I will be nearly
naked."

"Mr. Pittman has seen nearly naked women before. You know what happens if you
say no to me. Tell Mr. Pittman what happens when you are not obediant."

Mom blushed even more and said softly, "You give me twenty spanks."

"Do you want twenty spanks?"

Mom moaned "No." and slowly took off the robe to let it fall to the floor. She
continued to blush as she put her left arm across her boobs and her right hand
on her crotch to hide.

I had never seen that nightie before. It was nearly transparent. You could
easily see her little navel throgh it.

Dad said harshly, "Put your hands by your sides and stand at attention!  Be
proud!"


She reluctantly lowered her hands and stood up straight and sucked in her belly.

Dad said, "She is thirty-seven but is as firm as she was at twenty. Stella move
closer to him so he can feel how firm you are."

She shuffled forward blushing even more then gasped as his hands went around her
to squeeze her buns. He said,"Yes. They are very firm. Do you think spanking
them keeps them firm?"

Dad said, "It may but mostly I think it is from all the running around she does
at work. Feel her breasts they are firm too."

Mom gasped as he let go of her buns to put his hands under her boobs to lift
them nearly to her chin then he dropped them. She gasped as they dropped then
swayed and bobbed a moment before settling down. Mr Pittman said,"Marvelous.
They are quite heavy but hardly sag at all. I love seeing a woman's breasts
swing and sway."

Dad said, "Me too. That is why I have her lean over to hold on to the table for
spanking. Her boobs stay in constant motion."

"Oh I would love to see that!"

"Well she hasn't done anything wrong but maybe she will agree to it."

Mom was alarmed and whined, "Please no Rod. I have been good and you know no-one
has seen me getting spanked. It would be terribly humiliating."

Mr Pittman said,"Perhaps I can add an incentive. As you know George Wright has
seniority over you but employee loyalty and obedience is very important to me.
You mentioned all the running Stella has to do. There is a job open as our
greeter. Stella would have a company car to meet customers at the airport to
pick them up and of course the car would be for her own use off duty."

Mom brightened saying, "You mean a company Caddilac?"

"Yes of course. We can't expect our customers to ride in a Ford."

"Oh maybe Rod would not have to hit hard since I haven't done anything wrong."

"Well actually I would like to see an authentic spanking."

"Mom moaned, "Oh God."

Dad said, "How about if we use this spanking as a credit for when you deserve
one?"

Mom moaned,"It would still be in front of a stranger but I guess it would be
okay."

Mr, Pittman said, "I don't want to force you into anything. You must say that
you are willing to accept the spanking with all it's humiliation to show your
devotion and courage."

Mom whimpered, "I want to be spanked to prove there is no employee as loyal and
obedient as me."

Dad said, "Good. You know what to do."

Mom left with a stricken look on her face to return carrying Dad's old
fraternity paddle. I had seen it hanging on a hook in their room and had taken
it down to look at it. It was about two feet long plus the handle and heavy. I
could undestamd why the impact would make her boobs jump.

She handed the paddle to Dad but he said, "Let Mr. Pittman inspect it since I am
going to let him give you the last ten spanks."

She blushed again and took it to Mr.Pittman shuddering as he swung it back and
forth experimentally as he said,"This is very generous of you Rod. You
definitely have the job."

Dad said,"Thank you Mr. Pittman. You won't be sorry. Stella take off the
nightie."

Mom was only about a foot awy from Mr. Pittman but she slid off the shoulder
strings and pulled it down slowly over her boobs to let it fall to her waist
then pulled it on down over her hips to let it puddle on the floor. he stepped
out of it and bent over to pick it up. Mr. Pittman took the opportunity to grab
her hanging breasts. She tried to step back but he just gripped them tighter and
pulled her back. He said, "Soon these breasts will be bobbing and swaying like a
stripper's. Does that picture embarrass you?"

She blushed anew and moaned, "Yes. It makes me feel obscene."

"Good. Humiliation is a necessary part of good punishment."

Dad said, "Okay. Get into position."

Mom moaned again buyt went to the table to grip the dege with her hands then
stepped back so her arms were straight and he boobs were hanging straight down.
Her legs are long so her butt was higher than her shoulders.

Dad came over and said, "That is not the proper position. Get into it."

She sobbed but opened her legs until her whole pussy was exposed and pooching
out a bit behind her.

Mr Pittman came over and grabbed her nipples to pull her boobs around as she
moaned and blushed. Mr Pittman grinned and said,"Oh yes. They should move very
well."

He went behind her a cupped her pussy in his hand and said, "Your entire sex is
exposed even a little of the pink inner lips. Does that embarrass you?"

She winced at the unexpected touch and whined, "Yes it is terrible."

"But you are willing to suffer this humiliation and the pain to come. Is that
true?"

She let out a litlle sob and said, "Yes."

I saw a tear fall even though she had not been hurt yet.

Mr. Pittman said, "Tell us you want us to spank you."

Mom moaned, "Please spank me. Get it over with."

Dad said, "That reminds me. I like to make it last a long time. I usually delay
the next spank until he boobs stop moving. Once she is in a lot of pain her sobs
and heavy breathing can make it last a long time. I have found this delay will
prevent the luxury of becoming numb."

"Good idea."

Mr Pittman held the paddle against the lower part of her butt over her pussy and
slid it back and foth causing her pussy lips to move.

He said,"I would imagine a spank here would be especially painful. Is that true
Stella?"

Mom sobbed, "Oh yes! Please don't hit me there."

"How about every fifth spank. You would be willing to suffer that wouldn't you?"

Tears were now falling as she sobbed, "If you must."

"No. Tell us to hit you there every fifth soank and you will count so you will
know when it will happen."

Mom sobbed, "You are so cruel. I will count knowing every fifth spank will be
awful."

I know I should have felt sorry for her but the whole thing was exciting me I
also realised that she was prostituting herself just as I had but for a greater
amount.

Dad took the paddle and said,"Ready?"

she sobbed, "Yes. One."

He held the paddle in both hands then swung it back to hit her left cheek. It
flattened her bun as it sank in to pull her asscrack open. She gasped and jumped
and Mr. Pittman grinned as her boobs rocked and rolled.

She settled down and said "Two."

He hit her right cheek with a loud "Splat" that reddened it to match the other
cheek.

three and four were the same only slightly lower.

It was time for five and she cried,"Please not too hard."

Mr Pittman said,"No. Say Five, hard."

Mom shook her head in misery but said, "Five.Hard."

That one was unreal. When the paddle came back I saw her pussy lips had reddened
and now along with the boobs swinging she was doing a little dance to make her
pussy squirm. It took a long time for her to settle down but then she said
"Six". It must have seemed easy after five because although the paddle flattened
both cheek to make the red a deeper color she just jumped then trembled with
only a loud gasp.

Seven, eight and nine caused the same reaction although now her butt was nearly
marroon and I knew it must be burning.

To my amazement she said, "Ten. Hard."

The edge of the paddle hit right on the crease between her thighs and butt. That
made her scream and she danced I saw the red lips squirming as she clenched and
uncleanched her butt cheeks. When Dad let the paddle hang down I saw there was a
wet spot on it. I thought, Could she possibly be getting off on this?

I was not the only one to notice. Mr. Pittman said, "You needn't feel guilty
about this Rod. It is exciting her. See?"

At that he put three fingers together and pushed them into her pussy. She didn't
protest. Rather she pushed back against his hand and rolled her hips. He added
his little finger to the others and pushed in his hand to drive his thumb into
her anus. She began gasping and pushed and twisted against his hand now buried
beyond his knuckles.

He said, "You want to cum don't you Stella?"

She moaned, "Oh yes. More.faster."

He pulled out his hand as she desperately pushed back to recapture it.

"I am going to give you the last ten and then you may cum. I won't hit as hard
but all ewill be on your pussy. Is that all right?"

She moaned, "My pussy? Yes my pussy. Do it."

He grinned and said, "Tell me to spank your pussy and open your legs more so I
can."

He held the paddle vertically on her pussy saying, "Wider." until the paddle was
barely touching her inner thighs. She let her back sag to bring her pussy
against more of the paddle.

That made him smile as he said,"Tell me."

She rocked her pelvis to rub the paddle and then sobbed, "Please spank my pussy.
Hard!"

Mr Pittman grinned and said, "More than I hoped for."

He began hitting vertically making her pussy sink then pop out for more as she
squirmed and gasped out more numbers. At five he hit harder but she just
yelled,"Yes!"

I watched fascinated as her pussy reddened and swelled with pussy juice
spattering at each hit. He quit at ten but she yelled, "Another! Hard!"

At that one she screamed then fell to the floor clutching her pussy while she
panted. Her whole body gleamed with her perspiration. Then she made a loud sigh
and passed out cold.

Dad and I watched in shock.

Then Mr. Pittman said, "I was sure she would react this way. You may find this
will change your sex life. My wife can no longer cum without pain. I think
Barbie has inherited this tendency, Do you recognise yourself in her, Barbie."

I was so excited I could only say breathlessly, "Yes. Oh yes. It explains so
much."

end part ten




                 KINGS & QUEENS 11.

Mr. Pittman said, "You are very lucky to have two beautiful responsive girls to
punish. Have you punished Stella or Barbie for no other reason than your
entertainment before?"

"No. They have always done something wrong."

"Now you know they will allow punishment just to excite you or a guest."

Dad said, "Well Stella surprised me but I don't think Barbie would allow it. She
cries and screams at punishment sessions. Especially 'Willing Fives' I would
feel guilty hurting her just for my enjoyment."

Mr. Pittman said,Willing fives?"

Dad explained willing fives and I became excited just from listening to the
explanation.

Mr. Pittman said,"Oh then you have punished the breasts and vagina before now."

"Just Barbie. Stella said she is afraid injury to her breasts may cause cancer
even though Barbie said her coach told the girls they didn't have to worry about
that and Stella had never done anything bad enough to earn a pussy spanking."

"Barbie is right. Breast cancer is caused by bad genes inherited from the
mother. If you have no history of that they won't get it. The breast injury is
an old wives tale. Mothers told their daughters not to let boys fondle their
breast because if the boy squeezed hard they could get cancer. Actually it was
just an attempt to keep their girls virginal. Obviously Stella now knows pussy
spanking is not so bad.

I said, "He is right Daddy. Hitting the outer lips is no worse than the tummy.
It is only when you hit in the slit that is real bad. Same on boobies. Just the
nipples hurt terribly."

Mr. Pittman grinned and said,"Would you volunteer fo a breast and pussy
spankiing Barbie?"

I thought for a moment. This would be an opportunity to atone for my
prostitution. I was sure it would hurt too much to make me cum and look like a
slut but I decided to be sure by asking for something that truly frightened me.

"Yes and to show how much I love Daddy and to prove to you how brave I can be I
will go out and cut two willow switches. So you can both hit me at once."

Dad looked shocked and said, "Really? You cry like crazy when I switch your
butt. Your breasts and pussy will be worse."

I wished he had not reminded me. I gulped and said, "It has to hurt a lot to
prove my love and courage."

Dad said doughtfully, "Okay go get the switches."

I began to take off my clothes and Dad said, "You only have to go out naked for
a switch at night. Our neighbor may be home."

"Yes, That possibility will make it more humiliating."

When I was naked I went to Mr.Pittman and said, "See. I am firm like Mom."

He was gracious enough not to mention he had felt me before. He lifted and
squeezed my boobs and pulled on the nipples to make me gasp then squeezed my
buns. I said,"Oh that feels good."

He grinned and said, "Enjoy. What is coming won't feel good."

"I know. I hope I can be brave for you and not scream."

"If you do I will understand."

I nodded and went out to cut the switches I planned to get two long ones for
maximum leverage. I took my time to find two exactly alike and was stripping off
the leaves and twigs when I saw our neighbor at the window. I put on a pouty
look and waved the switches to let him know for sure I was going to be spanked.
He looked at me longingly and I knew he would have paid almost anything to see
what was going to happen to me. Perversly that made me feel like a great
entertainer and wondered what it would be like to have a lot of people see me to
yell and applaud.

I went inside and handed them the switches which were now whips as bad as any in
the sex store.

Mr. Pittman said, "How many lashes will you accept?"

I shuddered as I realised I would soon be in pain and didn't know what to say.
Finally I said, "I would like to know how much pain I can stand. Why don't you
just hit me until you feel sorry for me or until I put my hands in front of me
to protect myself. You can have a contest, Since Dad is left handed he can hit
my left boob and pussy lip and you can hit the right. You can see which of you
puts the stripes on most evenly.

They evidentally discussed my postion while I was cutting the switches. They had
placed a cushion on the table and after Dad had lifted me to sit on it they
pulled my knees open and tied them down to the table to open me widely then ran
another rope over my tummy to pull it down and cause my vagina to go up. They
told me to stretch my hands back behind my head to expose all of my boobs

Mr. Pitman felt my boobs and said, "Good. That eliminates the little crease at
the bottom."

I gave out a little moan knowing they planned to stripe every inch of my boobs.
I was now frightened at my so helpless position and cursed myself for asking for
this.

Mr. Pittman ran his hand over my gaping pussy and said, "She must be frightened.
She is dry."

I said defiantly, "Wouldn't you be scared."

He laughed and said, "I can't imagine being in your position. Since this is
voluntary we decided we won't hit your nipples and slit. Unless you ask for it."

I shuddered and said, "That is not likely. Please hit as fast as you can. I want
to get as many lashes as possible before quitting and if I have time to think
about it I may quit."

Mr. Pittman said, "In order to keep her entire body stimulated I think I should
hit her pussy while you hit her tits then at six we will switch."

Okay. I will be at her head and you can be at her feet. That way when we switch
she will have time to let us know if she can't take any more."

I shuddered knowing the switch would be hitting from my pubic bone to my anus
and would flex over my boob.

they laid their switches on my boob and pussy to let them slide back so the tip
would be where they wanted then Dad said,"One"

My right boob and right pussy lip exploded in pain at nearly the same time.I was
in mid gasp when Dad said "Two" and the other side exploded. It continued that
way so fast I had no chance to recover then he said six and they changed
positions. That gave me a chance to feel the burn and sting. Pain was radiating
all through me.

Dad said,"Well?"

I loved him for giving me the chance to end this but I couldn't quit after six.
Well, twelve, but since they came at once it was more like six.

I moaned, "More."

Mr Pittman said "Good girl."

and Dad said, "Seven."  The pain returned and kept building. At twelve my boobs
and pussy were burning and throbbing. I was panting and sweating like crazy and
my body was pulsating. It took all my nerve to pant,"More."

They changed positions to stand at my sides and the stripes came across my tits
and just the tip went across my pussy lips. It seemed even worse but then
suddenly it didn't hurt anymore. There was just stimulation that made me pump my
hips and waggle my boobs. I knew what Mom had felt.

At eighteen Mr. Pittman shoved his fingers into me and said, "You are ready for
nipples and slit aren't you."

I moaned, "Yes,nipples and slit. Oh yes."

I am sure I could never have been able to withstand the pain that followed if I
had not been so excited but since I was orgasms came building stronger and
stronger with each lash.

Suddenly Dad said, "That is enough. She is bleeding."

I grabbed a burning nipple in one hand and my throbbing clit in the other and
cried,"No. Don't quit. I can take more."

Mr Pittman said, "Daddy knows best."

I cried, "No. I am so close to the one that will make me faint."

Mr Pittman grinned and said, "Maybe next time we will use something that won't
cut you so you may be whipped for hours."

I moaned, "Yes. Next time." I guess I was so exhausted from the pain and orgasms
I went to sleep

I woke up in my bed the next morning and found my breasts and pussy was covered
in some kind of ointment. I assumed Dad had put it on to stop the pain and avoid
infection.

I got up and looked in the mirror to see about a dozen small scabs where the
points of the switches had cut my nipples and the thin inner lips of my pussy.
Strangely I was proud of them and could hardly wait to show them to Trish and
Buffy.

I suddenly realized that I was terribly thirsty so I tore myself away from the
mirror and put on a robe to go downstairs to the kitchen. Mom was there in her
robe making coffee. I grabbed a glass and poured myself some orange juice. I
noticed Mom was standing with her legs open and said, "How do you feel. Mom?"

"A little sore but okay I guess." Suddenly she began to cry and sobbed, "No. I
am not okay. I must be crazy. Mr. Pittman made me have orgasms and he knows it.
How can I face him again?"

"Don't feel bad Mom. They made me cum too. It is just our nature."

"Oh God. Did they spank your vagina too?"

"Worse. They switched it. I'll show you mine if you show me yours."

"Okay. You first."

I opened my robe to show the purple welts on my boobs and pussy."

She came closer to gntly touch one of the welts and said, "God that must have
been awful. The switch cut you a little. How could you stand it?"

"It hurt awfully at first but then like you I began to want it. At the end when
I was having fantastic orgasms I begged for more."

"Oh God. I think I would have too if I hadn't fainted at the strongest orgasm I
have ever had."

"Let me see it"

"Okay but it is ugly."

She opened her robe and then her legs a little more. Her whole pussy was a solid
bruise and looked puffy as if swollen.

She said, "It looks awful doesn't it?"

"Yes but I bet if you touch it it will excite you just like me."

"Oh God. You too. We must be both crazy."

"Maybe but I bet other women would do it if they knew it would excite them so
much."

"I don't think a normal woman would try it. I wouldn't have if I hadn't wanted a
new car so much. My old clunker is sick again. What did he offer you?"

"Nothing. I just wanted to see if I could get the orgasms you did."

"At least you did not prostitute yourself for a car like me. I don't know how I
am going to face him."

I grinned and said, "I think when you see him you will be excited remembering
what happened."

"Oh I don't think so. Right now I just feel ashamed. I hope I can avoid seeing
him alone."

Dad walked in and said, " I am surprised you are up after last night. Open your
robes so I can see the damage."

We hesitated until he said, "It is a little late to be bashful. Open them."

We stood there side by side and opened our robes. Mom blushed which I thought
was kind of silly at this late date.

Dad looked at us in horror and said, "Oh God I am so sorry I got you girls
involved. I should have won the promotion on my own."

I said,"It is okay Daddy. I wanted to see if I would be excited like Mom and she
really wanted the new car and job."

Mom said, "Yes you shouldn't feel bad. We asked for it."

"I am glad you feel that way. I have good news. Stella, you will be on call and
may only work a couple of hours per day  although you will be paid by the
monthwith a raise. Barbie, he gave me five hundred dollars for you to spend on
clothes."

I said, "Oh Good. I can buy more leather skirts and shirts like Buffy and the
other girls."

Mom said, "It will be nice to be home more. With our old schedule I never got a
chance to get to know Barbie."

About then the phone rang. Dad talked on it for awhile the hung up to say, "That
was the dispacher. He is sending a car to you so you can get your new car, Be
here in about a half hour."

Mom said, "I am going to dress in a business suit so in case I see Mr. Pittman
he won't get any ideas."

I said, "I have to dress too for shopping. You'll take me won't you Daddy?"

He said, "Sure kitten. It is the least I can do."

That was fun. Daddy joined me in the dressing room and seemed to enjoy watching
the girl dress and undress me in all the leather skirts and shirts they had.
Maybe it was because she blushed every time she pulled the shirts off my bare
boobs. He even spent a little more than the five hundred Mr. Pittman had given
him.

When we got home there was a white Cadillac in our driveway and Mom was sitting
at the kitchen table wearing a robe. Dad said, "That is a pretty car. Why are
you wearing a robe? Were you in the shower?"

"No. Mr Pittman says I have to wear a uniform and it is embarrassing."

"How bad can it be? You will be in public."

"Yes that is the bad part. It is barely legal."

"Let us see it."

Mom took off the robe and showed us the wildest costume I had ever seen. The top
was just a leather vest with no back just leather strings to make it obvious she
was not wearing a bra. The front was open to show cleavage nearly to the nipples
and her cute little belly button. The skirt was matching leather with the
waistband barely covering her buttcrack and the front cut down to her pubic
bone. The sides were open to her waist making it obvious she was not wearing
panties.

Dad said,"Twirl."

She twirled and amazingly although the lower part of the skirt flared and the
lower part of the vest no more of her butt, pussy, or boobs were exposed.

Dad said, "Amazing. I tought everything would show. Is it glued to you?"

Mom said,"I wish it was. These hold it in place."

She pulled open the front of the vest to show three little metal clamps sewed to
the leather pinching each boob and when she pulled on the side flaps of the
skirt six more clamps were pinching her outer butt cheeks and six more down the
front of her thighs.

I said, "Oh wow. Do the clamps hurt?"

"Yes at first but then they get numb and only hurt when the leather gets pulled
when I sit down or bend over."

Dad said, "I guess it is worth it to stay decent."

"You don't think it is obscene? Doesn't it bother you that men stare at me and
make me feel embarrassed?"

"Actually I have always felt proud other men find you attractive since you
belong to me."

"Oh I was hoping you would talk to Mr. Pittman to see if I could wear something
more conventional."

"No. Mr Pittman is the boss. Besides it excites me to think of you picking up
people at the airport with hundreds of people seeing you."

"Oh God. I have to do that in an hour. Men may like it but women will just think
I am a slut."

"Fuck them. They will just be jealous of your great body."

I saw the conversation was going nowhere so I asked, "Mom can we go for a ride
in your new car."

"Okay. It is wonderful. Do you want to go Honey?"

Dad said, "No I have to go over the personnel lists so I will know my groups
strength and weaknesses for Monday."

We went out to the car and I noticed her wince as she sat down and gasp later
when she hit a pothole that made her boobs jump.

"I said, The costume fits you perfectly. How did they know your size?"

Mom blushed and said, "That was embarrassing. Mr. Pittman has a tailor. We went
to his shop then Mr. Pittman made me take off all my clothes and let this
strange man measure every inch of me. He even ran a tape from my pubic bone
through my pussy lips and up my butt crack to my waist. I thought I would die of
embarrassment. Strangely he didn't even mention my poor bruised pussy. He must
have seen them before."

"Oh wow Mom. It must have been a little exciting too."

"Yes I guess it was. They gave me a lot of compliments and since I always wore
conservative clothes it has been a long time since I got a lot of compliments.
"You know what I mean?"

"Oh yes. I am willing to get naked to get compliments. They make me feel proud."

"Yes. Mr Pittman had me wear the costume as we walked back to his office. Ten
blocks with gobs of people. I had mixed feelings. Men stared and some even
whistled or made comments but women sneered at me as if I was a whore. I was
constantly feeling proud then ashamed."

"Like Dad said, Fuck them they are just jealous."

"You think so? Any way when we got to his office he invited the sales staff in
and introduced me.I really felt good when one of them said I would make a great
impression and even one of the girls agreed but then he embarrassed me. He said,
"I designed the uniform. No matter gow hard the wind blows she wont be exposed.
See."

"At See, he pulled at the lapels of my vest making me gasp as the clamps bit my
boobs. They could see the clamps and one of the girls said, 'She must be a good
girl.' Do you think good girl means someone who will accept pain?"

"Maybe. Both Daddy and Mr. Pittman say good girl when we are brave. What else
did he do?"

"Nothing more. He gave me the keys to the car and said,'Be nice to my
customers.' as I was leaving they began making a list of customers I should
greet."

I said,"What does he mean about being nice?"

"I don't know. I guess carry their luggage and suggest good places to eat or be
entertained."

"Mom you are a good looking woman nearly naked. I think they may want more than
that."

She said,"Oh God. I had better ask."

She picked up the car phone and called the office. After asking what being nice
meant her end of the conversation was just a series of "Yes's." and "I
understands."

I said,"What did he say?"

"He said to use my own judgement but that if the customer was not happy with me
I would be punished in front of the sales staff I had let down. What am I going
to do? I am married. I can't fuck some strange man."

"It looks like you have three choices. Quit the job, Please the customer, or
take the punishment,"

"No there is only one. I can't quit. This is more money with less work than I
have ever had and it would be too embarrassing to be punished in front of the
sales staff."

"Well in less than an hour I guess you will find out what is expected."

"Yes. I'll take you home I don't want to be late."

I was dying of curiosity so I waited up for her. Dad went to bed since he was
getting up early to play golf with Mr. Pittman.

A couple of hours later I heard her carr purr into the driveway. I met her at
the door and asked excitedly,"What happened?"

"He was a nice looking man who obviously was used to being waited on. He sat in
the car while I loaded his luggage and he just sat in the back quietly as I
drove him to the hotel. It is nice to be rich. He didn't have to register or
anything. He just told the clerk his name and was given a key. The bellhop put
the luggage on a cart and began to follow him but he said, 'Nevermind. My driver
will bring up my luggage.' He just looked at me curiously as we went up in the
elevator to a huge suite. When we were in he said, 'Unpack. underclothes in the
top drawer, shirts second drawer and golf clothes in bottom drawer, suits in the
closet and toiletries in the bathroom.'
He got a drink then sat on the bed watching me and not saying a word until I
knelt to put his golf clothes in the drawer. He said, "Don't kneel. Bend over
and make sure they are neat."

"I knew that would show my bare butt so I kept my legs together to at least hide
my pussy. When I was done I went to him and asked if there was anything else I
could do for him."

He said,"Yes. I am curious. Since your skirt is open at the sides and your vest
is not tied together I expected them to fall open when you bent over.Why didn't
they?"

"I blushed then opened the vest enough for him to see the clamps holding it to
my boobs.

"He came closer then said, 'They are imbedded in your flesh. Doesn't that hurt?"

I blushed and said Yes at first but then they get numb. It is better than having
them blow open to make me naked."

"So you don't mind a little pain if it is necessary?"

"No not if it is necessary."

"Good. I suppose they have told you to please me?"

"I said yes noticing a bulge growing in his pants. I was sure I would have to
decide if I would betray your Dad or be punished."

He fooled me. He said, 'It would please me to spank your breasts with my belt.
It has been my fantasy since I was a teenager."

He just had a skinny little dress belt that I did not think would hurt me much
and that would not be betraying your father so I said, "Would you hit real
hard?"

"No. Just enough to get them red all over but there will be many of them."

"Okay if it will please you."

"I reached into the vest and squeezed a clamp open. I yelped in pain surprised
to find out it hurt more to take them off than put them on. I pulled the others
off quickly just as you pluck hairs to keep the pain short. then I stood there
rubbing my boobs to lessen the pain.

"He grinned and said, 'Lovely white boobs. It will be exciting to make them red
like my fantasy. Put your hands on your hips and bring your elbows back."

"I did and saw in a mirror that made my boobs push out as if begging for his
belt. I asked,"How many times will you hit them?"

"I don't know. Until I am satisfied. Is that okay with you?"

"I moaned Yes now frightened that this may go on forever."

"Barbie he hit them forty or fifty times neither of us was counting and he
didn't lie. They were just hard enough to sting with only the ones on my nipples
making me gasp. I became so excited I know I was dripping then suddenly he
grunted and I saw a wet spot on his pants. I was so excited I forgot about
betrayal and begged, Will you fuck me?"

"He said,"No I do not betray my wife. This is not betrayal since she will not
allow it."

"Then he handed me two hundred dollar bills and said I could go. I had to stand
in the hall for awhile to calm down. Then I held my vest together to hide my red
boobs and came home."

"Oh Wow Mom. two hundred bucks for something that excited you. What a deal."

"I feel guilty about it. Do you think that makes me a prostitute?"

"No. Trish and I talked about that. You would only be a prostitute if he fucked
you."

"Oh. Then I am glad he refused my offer to fuck him. I am still horny though so
I am going to wake your father and see if he will fuck me."

She went to bed and so did I.

end part 11




                                 KINGS & QUEENS 12

The next morning I met Trish to compare experiences. She said, "My time off was
a real bummer. I had to take care of Grandma and even had to sleep in the same
room with her. You know I can't cum without making noise so I couldn't even
masturbate. How about you?"

I told her about my switching and she said, "You asked for it? Jesus I got ten
lashes on my butt and it hurt so bad I cried for hours."

I said, "That was the problem. The first ten are awful but then it gets
exciting. I really came hard."

"That is hard to believe but if you did it I guess I will have to try it
sometime."

We met the group and went out to the RV. Buffy said, "We want to see if you
girls can do a good strip tease."

They put on some music and Trish and I tried our best to do it sexy. When it was
over and we were standing there naked they began to discuss our performance. It
was agreed we were a little clumsy but that we should be able to excite an
audience just because we were young, white, and pretty.

I said, "Audience? What audience?"

Buffy said, "We had a wild experience in Seattle. We went to a Black jazz club
and while there a black pimp came over to our table and after a drink invited us
to an after hours club. Tom told him we wee pretty well jazzed out but he said,
"The club is not Jazz. We take our bitches there to entertain us. It will be the
wildest thing you have ever seen."

Tom said,"Really? What do they do to entertain. "We have seen about every
thing."

"You haven't seen this. The girls take turns stripping and then we vote. The
best three strippers get to punish the losers."

Jim said, "Punish? How?"

"The fourth place girl gets twenty spanks on her booty from each of the
winners."

"Really with what. Their hands?"

The pimp laughed and said,"No Dude. That doesn't hurt. She calls out three
numbers and tags are turned over on various paddles, straps, or canes. The
numbers she calls out are the things used. It really makes them try to do a sexy
strip."

Tom said, "I can imagine. What about the fifth and so on."

"Each place gets an extra five and there is a double gamble. She calls out a
number for the whips
then another number for where she will be hit. Ass, Tits, stomach or pussy."

I felt myself getting wet. I loved the gambling aspect and the girl would be
whipped in front of a large audience, Not just the few like Trish and me."

Tom said, "Wild. What does it cost?"

"A hundred per head. The money goes to the last two losers. They would have
earned it."

Tom asked, "Is that it?"

"Oh no. the show gets guys and girls excited and they pay more to do whatever
they want to the girl of their choice."

Buffy said, "Have you girls been around black men before?"

Trish said, "How could we? The only black guy in town is Sammy the shoeshine
guy."


Buffy said, "Well they are different. Some have huge cocks and they are meaner
than the guys you know. Even the girls were mean."

"I said, "Why are you telling us about this. Will we get to see it?"

"No silly. We are going to enter you in the contest Friday night. I will tell
your folks you are going to San Francisco to shop for the weekend in case you
lose and need to heal up."

Trish said, God. I don't know about this. Neither of us are good strippers and
they will have a chance to get even with all the white girls that mistreated
them."

"Actually there were a couple of white girls and one of them won. The good news
is this is your final trial as a pledge. After this you will be members. You
have all week to practise and we even bought sripper outfits for you."

I said, "God Trish. Let's do it. That knocks two weeks off the pledge time."

"It will be awful if we lose. Did any of the girls have to go to a doctor?"

Buffy said, "No. Just one girl bled and she asked for it. She agreed to be
pimpwhipped for five hundred dollars."

I said, "What is a pimp whip."

"It is just some wire coat hangers straightened out and taped together. It makes
skinny welts that bleed if they cross each other. The girl that agreed to it had
gobs of scars that looked like stretch marks."

Trish said,"Oh God. That must have been awful."

"Yes. I wouldn't reccomend it but at the end she was screaming 'Harder! Faster."

Trish said, "Maybe black girls have less sensitive skin."

"I don't think so. Anyway this girl was white. What do you say Trish? Barbie
will do it are you going to drop out?"

Trish moaned,"I am scared but I'll do it. Where are our stripper costumes?"

Buffy handed us a couple of plastic sacks. I expected to see something with a
lot of sequins but when we pulled them out they were Catholic school girl
uniforms.

I said doubtfully, "Thes don't look like stripper clothes."

Buffy said, "Yes we know. Since you both look innocent we thought this outfit
would be a turn on for them. They have been altered with snaps so you can get
them off easily. Put them on."

We put them on. They were authentic right down to the little white socks and
black shoes with bows.

I said, "Even when the blouses and skirts are off the cotton panties and bra are
not very sexy."

Tom said, "I think it is sexy. They look about thirteen years old."

Buffy said,"Yes. Lets complete the illusion. I will give Barbie a ponytail.
Someone do Trish."

When we had our ponytails with a white ribbon Jim said, "Oh yeah. That should
really turn on those perverts."

Buffy said, "Okay girls give us a preview."

At least the snaps made it a lot easier to take things off. Too easy because
Buffy said,"You got naked too soon. The operative word in striptease is tease.
Practise until you are naked about a minute before the song ends."

Trish and I practised every night until Thurday then Trish said, "Except for
getting the timing right we are wasting our time. We don't know what these
strange guys will think is sexy. We need a judge. Dad said Uncle Dick was
embarrassing the family by hanging out in strip bars. He should be a good
judge."

I said doubtfully, "Maybe but he has seen us naked so it shouldn't be a big deal
for him."

"Yeah but it has been awhile and we just took off our clothes. We didn't dance
and tease."

"Okay. Let's go see him."

He met us at the door and said,"You girls need money again?"

Trish said, "No,Uncle Dick. As part of our initiation we have to do a strip
tease. Dad said you went to strip bars so we thought you could give us some
advice."

"I see. Well I admit I have seen a few strippers but not in school uniforms."

Trish said disappointedly, "So you don't think it will be sexy?"

"I didn't say that. I think a lot of men would enjoy seeing a young Catholic
girl strip for them. Are you being paid for this?"

"No just the opposite. If we don't win at least third place we will be
punished."

ncle Dick smiled and said, "In that case the loser between the two of you should
be punished, shouldn't she."

I said,"I guess that would give us more incentive. How would you punish the
loser."

"Oh I wouldn't. I think the winner should punish the loser."

"But I don't want to hurt Trish."

"I don't want to hurt Barbie either."

"But you will because if the loser doesn't have twenty welts I can see easily
the winner will get twenty and the loser will get an extra twenty by me."

I gulped and said, "Welts? What will be used to make welts?"

"Something nearly every house has. The TV cable."

I whined,"That has metal wire in it. It will hurt more than a switch."

"Perhaps. It doesn't have the sharp point of a switch but the connector at the
end makes a nice period at the end of the welt. It is also heavier than a switch
so the pain goes deeper.I tried it on myself. It makes a nice red welt."

"Trish. It was your idea to come here. What do you think?"

"We would be punished by winners and this would make me try hard. How about
you?"

"Well okay if you are willing."

We cut cards and I won so I was first.

He put on some music and I tried my best. When I was naked I was happy to see a
lump had grown in his pants. I said,"Did you like me?"

He said, "I will save my comments until I have seen both of you."

I started to put my clothes back on but he said, "No stay naked and kneel beside
me."

I did and he carressed my boobs as we watched Trish. It really felt nice. Trish
did not do the bumps and grinds I had so I thought I had won but he said, "Sorry
Barbie. Your bunps and grinds did not go with the innocent little girl scenario
of the uniform. Trish looked appropriately embarrassed and her touching herself
ending with masturbation is a fantasy for men. Go get the ropes and put the
cuffs on your wrists and ankles.

That was really hard knowing when the ropes were on me I would be completely
helpless for a new and maybe terrible pain.

Trish got on a stool to loop the ropes over the hooks in the ceiling then pulled
my legs apart to tie those ropes to the heavy furniture. Then he tightened my
wrist ropes until I as pulled up on to just my big toes touching the floor.

He came over to feel my taut tummy and lifted boobs Then said, "The first ten
will be to your butt and thighs. You can take a lot of pain there. Can't you?"

I whimpered, "It hurts but I can stand it better than the front."

"Yes. The connector at the end adds a new dimension. I will have Trish aim
carefully so it enters your ass crack for the five to your left cheek and inner
thigh and then the five to the right cheek and inner thigh. By counting you will
have the advantage of knowing when and where the next lash will hit."

I moaned, "That is not an advantage. By counting I am asking for another and I
will have time to be frightened about the next."

"Yes and the front will be more frightening. Eleven will put the connector on
your navel. twelve will be on your left breast below the nipple, hirteen above
then fourteen and fifteen  the same on your right nreast. sixteen and seventeen
witll be on your pussy lips. eighteen and nineteen on yoour nipples and the last
to enter the slit of your vagina."

I cried, "Oh please. That is too much. I will faint."

He said,"If you do I will just revive you to finish."

I groaned but wondered if this could bring me to orgasm.

Trish came over with a four foot long piece of cable she had disconnected from
the TV and wall jack and stuck the round connector between my buttcheeks at the
roundest part. She said, "Here for one, Uncle Dick?"

"Yes it is best to stay away from the tailbone with that metal end. Remember to
make a nice welt or it will be repeated both on her and you."

"Oh I will Uncle Dick. I don't want to be hit with this thing. Say One when you
are ready Barbie."

I planned to count fast to get this ordeal over with as soon as possible but
when I said, "One" this indescribable pain hit my butt. It wasn't just the sting
of a switch. This seemed to go deep to take my breath away and leave a throbbing
sensation.

Trish heard my strangled sob and the tears gush from my eyes and said, "Oh that
left a terrible welt. I won't hit as hard next time."

Uncle Dick said, "No that is just right. Try to make the rest match it."

I cried,"Do it Trish. I couldn't stand forty of these."

The next four were no better and I began to sweat as I struggled from the pain
radiating everywhere. The ones to my thighs were even worse and I screamed at
each one. I took all my courage to continue the count even though I delayed them
several seconds to let the pain subside.

At "Eleven I tightened my tummy as much as I could. I never thought of my belly
button being especially sensitive but that hurt so much I couldn't get a breath.

Then she started on my breasts and the magic happened. It was suddenly just
terribly exciting and I found myself counting faster. My nipples brought me to
several orgasms but the one in my slit caused me to gasp, tremble, and sweat as
my body exploded.

To add insult to injury Uncle Dick put Trish on his dick so they were both
looking at my pulsating body while they fucked. I hated her for her big grin and
sigh when she came.

Then they released me. I was so weak they helped me up on the table to put some
kind of cooling cream on my welts. Then they put me in a tub of cool water to
stop the burning.

Trish gently washed my breasts and pussy. That really helped. She said,"I am
soory I had to hit you so hard. Do you hate me?"

"No you had to do that. What makes me mad is that doing it excited you. When
Dick lifted you to let you slide down on his big dick it went in easy since you
were so wet."

"Oh I know. I am sorry but seeing your beautiful body sweating and pulsating
from the red stripes made me excited. Anyway you came. I could tell."

"Yes but the pain was awful until the magic happened."

"Oh yeah My brother is a marathon runner. He said when the pain became nearly
unbearable it would be replaced by a kind of exxhileration. He said they call it
a runner's high."

"Yeah? I guess it works for whipping too."

"I don't know. So far it has just hurt."

"Maybe Friday night."

"Oh no. I hve been practising. I plan to win."

Then it was Friday. My folks were happy I was invited to Buffy's for the
weekend. I wondered what they would think if they knew where I was going that
night. They picked me up in a limousine which thrilled Mom and Dad then we went
to Seattle arriving about midnight.

We went to an old warehouse on the docks and went to a huge door at the back
with a push button. Tom Pushed it and in a few moment the door was swung open by
this huge black man to let us hear loud music and laughter.

Tom said,"This place is really soundproof. We couldn't hear anything until you
opened the door."

The man said, "Yeah. It used to be cold storage. There is twoo feet of
insulation in the walls. The bitches can scream all they want."

It was not at all what I expected. R?ather than tables and chairs in front of a
stage there were just a bunch of old mattresses arranged in a circle around a
space on the floor. People were lying on the mattresses drinking. There were
mostly black people but also some whites and to my surprise quite a few women.

We were taken over to meet the other contestants. I was so nervous I don't
remember any names except Natasha since she was so big. She was over six feet
tall and her short skirt and simple bandanna over her huge boobs showed her
muscular stomach and thighs.

Trish whispered, "There are only seven of us. We may win if we dance real good."

A black girl dressed in tiny satin shorts and a half t-shirt said, "Dance good?
You bitches don't know what is happenen. Do ya?"

I said,""What do you mean. Isn't this a dance contest?"

"Oh we dance hard okay hoping for fourth. We know who will be first second and
third."

I said,"Really? How do you know?"

"The girl in the leather shorts is expert with the flogger.  She will get first
shot at the losers. She can always make them bawl. the girl in the vinyl dress
is expert with the cane. She leaves awful welts. Natasha, that big bitch, is
expert with the bull whip. She leaves welts you can see two days after,"

Trish whined, "Everything is as bad or worse than a switch."

The girl grinned and said,"You got that right."

I said,"If you know you can't win why did you enter? Does this excite you?"

"Shit no! Our pimps enter us if we don't make enough money. They get a piece of
the gate. The only good news is that last time the last two losers got hurt so
bad they couldn't work so now the most lashes we can get even if you place
seventh is is seventy-five. The girls last week got more than a hundred. My pimp
is one of the judges and will try to get me fourth so I only get thirty."

I said,"Oh God. What are our chances?"

"Pretty little white girls? I would say you are in deep shit. Your pimps must
have really been pissed off at you."

"We don't have pimps. We are doing this for an initiation for a club."

"No shit. You must really want to be in that club."

Trish said,"Oh yes and this is the last thing we have to do."

She said, "Well good luck."

The dancing started and the girl was right about the winners. She placed fourth
and smirked at us as if saying I told you so. Trish got lucky and finished fifth
and even though I tried hard all the noise made it hard to hear the music with
their yelling and "Woof Woofs. so I placed seventh.

The winners had gone off stage and returned looking frightening. Natasha was
wearing a lether bra with holes cut in it to squeeze her huge boobs with big
nipple rings out and a leather thong with handcuffs  hanging from it. The second
girl had no bra.just a gold chain around her neck attached to her nipple rings
to hold up her saggy boobs. the bottom was just a gold lame triangle that was
held to her pussy with safety pins through her skin above the pubic mound. The
third girl had twine weapped arond her boobs to make them ballon and then the
twine went over her shoulder and down to come up in her pussy to hold the lips
open.

Then ropes came down from the ceiling and lether wrist cuffs were put on us to
be tied to the ropes. Men pulled down on the ropes that ran over pullies in the
ceiling until our toes were off the floor and tied them to cleats on the wall.

As we hung there stretched with the audience yelling I could only think that at
least I could keep my legs together to protect my pussy.

The girl with the chain bra came out with a six thong whip that had little balls
on the ends. She went to the fouth place girl and said,"You been bad, bitch.Tell
me to hit you hard."

She had started crying as soon as she was hung but managed to blubber,"Hit me
hard."

She began whipping her randomely and I saw each lash was leaving dark red
blotches at each ball. The poor girl screamed but that did her no good. The
seventh and eighth lashes were on her breasts to make them jump violently and
look like they had polka dots. Then she said,"Open your legs, Bitch."

She blubbered, "No please. I can't."

"Then you will get four. Want to go for six?"

She blubbered "No." and slowly opened her legs a little but the whipper kept
saying "More" until her whole pussy was exposed. Then she stood at her side and
swung down the whip to make all the balls bounce off her pussy. There was a
terrible scream as she snappoed her legs closed.

The whipper just grinned and said, "Open them real wide so the lips open and
this will be the last one."

The poor girl squeezed her watering eyes shut and clenched her teeth but managed
to get them open until you could see the lighter color inside.

The whipper brought the whip up over her head then swung it around like a
softball pitcher. I saw the balls actually go inside as the girl shuddered and
slumped in a dead faint.

While she hung there they told the audience to check her out. Thankfully for her
she did not know the humiliation as they pulled her lips open to confirm the
balls had gone in and pull her tits around to count the splotches.

Then a man threw a bucket of water on her and she came to spluttering from the
water that had gone into her open mouth.

The girl with the cane came forward and I assumed it would be used on her butt
and thighs but it was much worse.  she hit her tits eight times keeping them in
constant motion as the girl screamed then finished with two to her pussy while
she was dancing in pain.

Again the audience was called up to inspect. It suddenly occurred to me that
these delays could keep me from reaching the magic point where it didn't hurt
anymore. I really began to dread my ordeal.

After inspection Natasha unfurled a bull whip about six feet long, She used it
to stripe her belly, tits, and pussy then sent the tip up to dig in her asshole
then got behind her to make the tip disappear in her slit.

There were welts everywhere. If you want to see how a girl looks after being
bull whipped e-mail me and I will send pictures

They released her and she was crying so hard and so weak she couldn't stand so
two guys picked her up and dropped her out in the audience. Guys pounced on her
and she soon had dicks in her pussy and ass. She was so out of it she just
moaned.

Trish when told to ask to be hit hard cried,"But I don't want to be hit hard."
That earned her five extra then the rest of her ordeal was the same except at
the end the announcer said, "You don't get to fuck her. Her owners are afraid of
AIDs."

There were loud Boo,s and "Fuck that!" until the announcer said that doesn't
mean you can't spank the bitch."

That brought cheers and they ran up to spank poor Trish's butt, boobs, and pussy
with their hands for about ten minutes while Trish screamed and bawled. I
shuddered knowing I would get the same treatment and would have preferred
getting fucked.

The next girl was the same except when the girl with the cane came to her she
said, "This bitch's tits are too saggy to get under them. Fix them."

Natasha took two big safety pins with strings attached and jerked out the girls
nipples until she screamed then jabbed the pins through her nipples and had two
guys pull on them from the sides with outstretched arms to keep from blocking
the view. It must have been awful because every hit jerked on her bleeding
nipples. I was glad I had firm tits.

My ordeal worked out. Twenty five of those terrible things had me in orgasm for
the inspection after each one which just added thrills. And the spanking at the
very end was good.

Trish and I are full members now. Oh sure we get whipped now and then but we
agree to it and we have learned to be socially acceptable after punishment for
table manners or using the wrong implement to eat. We get to go to all the
parties and Trish and I can always earn the money we need for proper clothes
from uncle Dick, my neighbor or Mr. Pittman. All the kids in school are jealous
of us. One really pretty girl would like to join. Buffy said, "There may be room
for her if she has the proper attitude."

the end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





