BDSM Library - The Honeymoon Is Over




The Honeymoon Is Over
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Husband comes home from work and his wife has been lazy and hasn't cleaned the house and she gets the punishment she deserves.
					THE HONEYMOON IS OVER


	He came home from work right on time.  I ran to give him a passionate kiss and
hug.  He returned the kiss with passion.  We had only been married one month and
I was in heaven.  He was kind and nice to me.  He would buy me anything I wanted
within reason.  We lived in a beautiful home and wonderful neighborhood. 

	I had been lazy that day for cleaning house everyday is monotonous.  I had a
nice supper on the table and I served him right away.  The way he wanted. 

	I was very surprised when he said that the house looked as though it had not
even been touched.  I said that I did have a lazy day and that I did not do the
house as nicely as I usually did. When we went to the kitchen after dinner to
take in our plates he starred as in a trance at the drainer.  There in the
drainer was this mornings silverware.  I had put the dishes away but left the
silver for later.  I did not think it was a big deal.  He finally turned to me
and said that he was overlooking the house but the silverware too.  It was like
a question.  I finally said that I had forgot to put them away.  Well, he said, 
maybe I can remedy that problem.  I believe that you should be punished for
this.  What I said.  You heard me.

	I could not believe I had heard what he said.  Nor could I comprehend what he
meant. 

	I want you to go upstairs and  put on a mini skirt with no panties and a
stretch holder.

	I went up and did as he asked.  I figured that he was going to give me a good
fucking.  I hurried and was down in a flash. 

	He then told me to shut my eyes while he put on a covering over my eyes so I
could not see.  I was all for that thinking that I was in for a good fucking. 
After he put on the covering over my eyes, he grabbed my arms and tied them
behind my back.  At that time I asked him what he was doing and he just said
that it was time for your punishment.  I still had romantic thoughts going thru
my head so I left it go. 

	There was plenty of space in our house but one place he had told me was off
limits was the basement.  I had never been in there and since I was somewhat
afraid of basements I was sort of happy about it.

	Instead of going upstairs as I imagined he pulled me by my arms to the basement
down and unlocked it.  I could hear the key turning and could not imagine why we
were going to the basement.  I asked him but he did not answer.  Instead he
carefully pulled me down the steps.  At the bottom he let me go and I was afraid
for my fear of basements was running through my head.  He again grabbed my arm
and I was hoping that he was taking me out of there but instead he bent me over
a table of some kind.  It had soft leather on it and it only touched my stomach. 
By this time I was screaming at him "What are you doing".  What happened next
scared me even more than the basement.  He put some kind of ball in my mouth and
pulled it tight in the back.  I could no longer talk or scream. 

	He grabbed my legs and pulled them apart.  Then he tied them.  He untied my
arms and pulled them over in front of me and tied them. 

	Finally he said something.  "Now your punishment will begin.  You will not talk
unless I ask you a question but you may scream all you want.  Shake you head if
you understand."



    I was in shock.  But I shook my head. 

	The ball in my mouth was loosened and came out.  I asked what he was doing.

	Well, I thought you said you understood what I said.  I guess you really need a
good amount of punishment for disobeying me again. 

	At that time I heard some kind of belt and then I felt the sting.  I screamed
but all that came was another sting.  I screamed again and again.  The strap
came down on my poor ass so many times that I lost count.  I ass was on fire. 
The tears were coming out of my eyes as I cried and screamed. 

	Finally it was over and he put down the strap and he untied my arms.  I was so
confused.  I did not know what was happening to me.  Here was the man I loved
whipping me and causing severe pain to my ass.  I was just glad that it was
over.  Then he grabbed my arms and tied them above my head.  I was being pulled
tighter as he pulled the ropes. My feet were just meeting the floor with my toes
and my arms felt like they were being pulled out by the sockets. 

	I again started crying but was afraid to ask him what he was doing. 

	He finally spoke to me saying that I had been punished for the messy house and
that now I would be punished for talking when I was told not to. That was
completely disobeying him and that he was going to make sure that it did not
happen again. 

	He pulled on my tits and twisted them till I was again screaming.  He then let
go of my tits and pulled on my clit till I was screaming again.  I was in
terrible pain.  He then ran his hands over my abused ass.  I heard him say
"beautifully red".  He picked something up OUCH, OUCH, OUCH.  I started
screaming again as he whipped my tits.  He was actually whipping my tits.  I
screamed and screamed.  He just kept whipping.  OUCH, OUCH, AND MORE SCREAMING.

    He finally quit whipping my tits and stopped screaming but was still crying
waiting to be let loose. What happened was not even close to being let loose. 
He was whipping my pussy, the lips, my asshole, and everything else he could
find between my legs including my thighs.  I tried to move but I was held very
tight by the ropes and could not get out of the way of that whip.  I was
screaming louder that before.  He kept whipping me and whipping me and I kept
screaming.

	Finally he stopped that and I was begging him to let me go. 

	He just very casually asked me if I thought that I could be a good wife now. 

	Of course I said yes.

	He then took my arms and pulled them down and tied them behind my back and
untied my legs.  He then took me up the basement stairs.  He then took the
blindfold off of my eyes and he kissed my cheek.  I was so sore that I did not
know what to do.  I was still crying and he held me tight.  He then walked me
upstairs and put me on the bed.  What came next was, I believe more shocking
then the whipping I had received.   He started to kiss me and caress me.  I
responded like never before.  I was so horny and I did not know why.  When he
started kissing and sucking on my abused tits I was screaming again but this
time in ecstasy.  He worked his way down to my sore pussy and kissed it and
tongued it.  I was hopping all over the bed and it was hard for him to keep his
sucking and licking in the right places.  All I wanted was to have him fuck me. 
Please fuck me I kept saying but he was content to just tease me with his
tongue.  He worked his tongue all over in every crevice between my legs but when
he started tonguing my asshole I really lost it. I had never felt anything like
that before and I kept cumming and cumming.  Still I wanted him to fuck me so I
could release the built up fire I had inside me.  He then rolled me over on my
stomach and told me he was going to fuck me now but not in my pussy.  He said he
has wanted to fuck my ass since we were dating and it is time he did it. 

	I have never been fucked there before but I was so horny I did not care.  I
could not talk anyway.  All I could do was breath hard.

	He pulled me up onto my knees and put his cock by my asshole.  He started
pushing at it and I became able to scream.  "That hurts honey, that hurts"

	 He just kept pushing till he had got his cock inside of me.  He let it sit
there a few seconds and I relaxed a little.  Then he was pushing again and the
pain came back and I was screaming again.  He pushed a few more times and it was
in all the way.  I was in tears again.  The ecstasy I was in was gone.  He
started fucking my ass then and the pain seemed to ease up and the ecstasy
seemed to come back.  I started again screaming FUCK ME, FUCK ME.  I could not
believe that I was begging to be fucked in the ass.  I liked it, no, I loved it. 
Oh, I was cumming so gooooood.

	He came up inside my ass and it was great.

	I will soon forget to put the silverware away.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Connie Miller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





