BDSM Library - Slave's Revenge




Slave's Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Plantation girl captured by runaway slaves and tortured.
                             SLAVE'S REVENGE by Allene

My Great Grandpa was so smart!  When the America's  outlawed the import of
slaves in 1808 he realized this would create a demand  and converted his cotton
plantation to slave breeding. The plantation was self supporting as we raised
animals and vegetables to feed the slaves plus a surtplus fo a cash crop.

Gandpa raised two kinds of slaves big black ones for field work and to be used
in prize fighting or other athletic contests and light skinned ones for  house
duties and to be used as whores in New orleans and other big towns.

By my time in 1860 slave had more than doubled in price in general but our
specialty slaves got a price better than that.  We had always weeded them
discarding  ones that didn't make the standard by selling them while still
children or when defective through too much inbreeding simply killing them at
birth.  We had carefully chosen studs by choosing good looking white men who
were more than happy to impregnate our light skinned girls and by using only the
strongest and best fighters for black studs. We became famous for the quality of
our slaves. Some of our girls were so white we had to brand their wrists with an
"S" to let everyone know they were slaves in case they escaped.

To keep veternarian costs down we only bred the girls from 12 to 24 years old to
get 12 pups then sold the girls before they developed medical problems. Men not
good enough to be used as studs were also sold early unless they had a talent
for carpentry or leatherwork.

Generally our slaves were well kept and happy with a good diet however
occassionally they did need a whupping if they did not show proper respect or
were lazy. I was fascinated by the whippings. When Daddy caught me peering
through a knothole in the punishment house he was upset until I reminded him
that with Mommy dead I was his only heir and should know all about the business.
He reluctantly agreed although complaining it was not seemly for a white girl to
see the niggers naked.

Generally the men were hung upside down naked so they wouldn't pass out from the
pain and then their butts and thighs were beaten with a thick leather strap or a
broomstick. Spanking them was an art because it was stopped when the first blood
came so the blows had to be evenly spaced to put that off as long as possible.

Daddy said I was not strong enough to whip the black men but could whip the
light girls since he never wanted them scarred to lessen their price at the
auctions.

I loved it! It gave me a wonderful feeling of power to watch the welts from the
leather thonged whip leave red welts from their thighs to the armpits both back
and fronts until their screams became hoars and finally they just shuddered and
gasped at each lash.

The slaves didn't like me because of it though and although most were happy the
ones that were whupped a lot sometimes tried to escape. They were given an
especially severe whipping then sold or if valuable to be used in carving
leather or wood or could play musical instruments their achilles tendons were
slashed so they couldn't run.

Daddy was away a lot delivering slaves to auctions or going to sporting events
to wager on his fightin or runnin niggers but he always left two overseers to
keep them in line. But one night one of them got a fever and the other was
overpowered. The next thing I knew two of our stronger niggers Rufe and Jude
broke into the house with Rachel one of the white girls I loved to whip since
she had strong white skin and a great body.

They tied me up then rolled me into a carpet. After they had stolen all the
money and easily sold valuables I was thrown into a wagon  with four of Dad's
best horses tied to the back and two fast ones pulling the wagon. I heard them
say they wouldn't be stopping until they got to a free territory where they
wouldn't be caught.

The trip seemed endless I could hardly breathe wrapped in the carpet and the gag
in my mouth made it worse. We were stopped a few times to see where we were
going and I cursed Daddy for teaching some of them to read and write because
they were able to show a pass they had written ostensibly to deliver the horses.

It got worse. It was really hot and i was sweating so much my whole body began
to itch and i became terribly thirsty. I screamed through my nose until Rachel
noticed and unwrapped enough of the rug to loosen my gag to see what was wrong.
I begged her for water and from then on about every hour or so she would hold a
jug to my lips. That created another problem. I had to pee but when i begged her
to let me loose so she could pee she just laughed and said, "Just piss there
Bitch. We don't have time to stop." I found Bitch was to be my name from then
on.

I held it as long as i could but soon I was getting terrible cramps and had to
let it go. It felt wonderful to relieve myself but then the itching and burning
got worse as my pee spread all the way to my back. Then the worst happened. I
had to poop! Again I held it as long as possible but finally had to dirty
myself. I was not fed for the three days it took to get to the free area which
was a blessing since i only had to poop one other time.

By the time I heard one of them say, "This is good. We are over the border and
there is an old shack someone left by the river."

They dumped me out on the ground and unrolled the carpet. I was so weak from the
heat for so long I just laid there until Rufe said, "Jesus Bitch. You stink
worse than a outhouse. Go out in the river and wash."

That sounded so good I managed to drag myself up and waded out in the water to
my neck so I could take off my dirty clothes without them seeing me. I gathered
my clothes under one arm while i treied to wash the encrusted poop from my body.
Rachel said, "You are too slow Bitch. Give me the clothes."

I handed them to her thinking she would wash them for me as she had at home but
she just let them float downstream saying, "You won't need these anymore."

I yelled, "You crazy black bitch. What am I going to wear?"

She said nastily, "You will pay for that! You had better show respect."

I suddenly remembered I was totally under their control and apologized but she
said, "It doesn't matter. It is time you found out how much those whuppings you
passed out hurt. Get out of the water!"

I said angrily, "I am not about to get out so those animals can see me naked. If
you hurt me anymore my Daddy will kill you. Now get your black ass downstream
and fetch my clothes!"

It didn't scare them at all! Rufe and Jude began wading out to me and I really
regretted never having learned to swim but Daddy thought it wasn't nice for
girls to wear a swimming costume that clung to their bodies when wet.

I tried to fight them off but I was no match for their 200 lb six foot bodies
with my 5' 4' 120 lbs. I was dragged out on the beach totally mortified to be
naked in front of them in the bright sun.

Rachel got some rope and the next thing I knew they were tying it to my wrists
and flinging it over a tree branch to pull me up on my tip-toes. To add to my
already terrible humiliation they tied my ankles to a single-tree to hold my
legs open to toally expose my virgin vagina then they felt my body saying my
round ass could take a powerful spanking and Rachel saying, "I can hardly wait
to see those round tits jumping under the whip!"

That really scared me and I yelled, "You can't whip me. Daddy will kill you!"

They just laughed saying "Yo Daddy is never going to see you or us again. Look
at this. We brought along the whip and Paddle you loved to use on us."

I looked at them in absolute terror. I didn't think the whip was so bad when I
used it on the girls since I never broke the skin but I had never thought it may
be used on me and remembered their screams. The paddle was never meant for
girls. it was a half inch thick by 6 inches wide and two feet long. I remembered
how even the men would not be able to walk for awhile after it had been used.

Since threats hadn't worked I tried sympathy and began to cry promising them I
would never tell on them if they let me go. They just laughed again then Rachel
Stepped up to my side with the whip made of six leather thongs about 18 inches
long attached to a two foot handle.

She hit my bottom as hard as she could and I shrieked at the terrible sting and
burn but before I could assimulate that terrible assualt she back-handed it into
my tummy. It would have knocked the wind out of me if my tummy had not been so
tight from the hanging and fear.

She continued to fore-hand and back hand me causing my whole body to sting and
burn and the worst thing was I could feel the lashes climbing toward my bosum
and crotch. Then it came across my bosum and the pain was unreal seeming to sink
deep inside meto my surprise the next lash across my crotch was not nearly as
bad. She kept it up until my body was stinging and burning from my knees to my
armpits before stopping just before I was sure I would faint.

But she wasn't through. She stepped in front of me and now the whip came back
and forth on my breasts so hard they were pushed into my armpits followed by
uppercuts into my exposed vagina. The pain was so bad I fainted.

I woke up feeling as if I had a terrible sunburn to find I was hanging upside
down with my legs apart with my hnds tied to my neck.

Rufe said nastily, "The whupping didn't kill you. Lets see how you like a little
spankin."

He brought the strap against my bottom so hard my whole body arched as i
screamed with each one seeming worse until about the sixth when my bottom became
numb. They must have known since my screaming stopped so he began hitting the
backs of my thighs which seemed even worse. The terrible thing was that being
upside down I couldn't faint even when he said, "Just one more to grow on," and
brought the strap down on my open pussy to make me scream in agony.

When they let me down I hurt so much I kind of went into a coma. I was awakened
gasping when they took me out and threw me in the water. I managed to get to my
feet choking on the water but I found there was a benefit. The burning stopped
almost instantly although the sting remained. My br4asts were aching and
throbbing terible and I looked down at them amazed they weren't blleding
although they were black and blue and badly swollen.

They let me stay in the water until most of the throbbing stopped. Then Jude
yelled, "Get out here. I want to check out your body."

I reluctantly waded toward shore although after the whipping modesty was no
longer a big thing.

When I reached shore Jude dropped his pants to reveal a massive black organ and
said, "Bitch. You got me hard. Get your mouth over it and take care of this
pressure.

I was shocked. I had never heard of such a thing and the idea was totally
revolting to me. So much so that I did a dumb thing saying, "No! Never! You can
kill me first."

He just laughed and said, "I don't think we need to kill you. Not after all the
fuss you made over a whupping. Hold her Rufe!"

Rufe locked my arms behind my back and Jude said, "From now on you will never
say 'No' again. When you are ready you can beg me to let you suck my cock."

He took a cigar out of his mouth and pressed the hot embers into my right
nipple. I shrieked in pain but he just moved it over to press it into my left
nipple again I shrieked and he said, "Dumb Bitch. When are you goin to learn?"

He moved the cigar down to my crotch and as I felt the heat close to my clitoris
I suddenly remembered what I had to do. I blubbered, "Please No. I'll do it!
I'll suck your cock." It wasn't good enough. I heard a sizzle just as unreal
pain radiated from my poor clitoris. He pulled back to let me stop screaming and
I sobbed, "Please let me suck your cock!"

He grinned and said, "Tell me how pretty it is and how you want to lick it."

I sobbed but there was no choice. "Please let me suck your pretty cock. I want
to have my tongue on it."

He grinned and said, "Alright Bitch. You are learning. Let her down on her
knees, Rufe."

He let me down on my knees to face what looked like a big black snake. I leaned
forward and gave the head a lick. My stomach turned but I continued to lick
until he pushed it into my mouth stretching my lips then grabbed my ears to pull
my mouth back and forth on it until his semen flooded my mouth and dripped down
my chin.

I collapsed to the ground sobbing then Rafe said, "Since you were good I will
just fuck you." I was revolted again I swear I would have just as soon fucked a
dog as a nigger but I knew better than to protest. He rolled me over on my back
and Jude and Rachel grabbed my legs to hold them aprt as I looked at this new
cock in horror. It had to be a foot long and as thick as my wrist. He spit on
his palm and rubbed it on my gash then began feeding it into me stretching the
lips of my vagina until there was a sharp pain as he ripped open my hymen. I
swear the thing sunk into me so deep I could feel it pressing on my stomach. He
started moving it in deep then pulling partway out as he grunted and made faces
like an animal.

Then something terrible happened. It started feeling good. I was mortified and
could hardly believe my body could betray me like that but finally I gave in to
it and began getting thrills through my body just as his cock began jumping in
my vagina. He sighed then pulled it out to wipe it off on my stomach.

 This brought back my tears but also relief since I thought it was all over. I
laid there panting but as soon as my breathing got back to normal Rachel came
over to me and pulled up her skirt to show the curly matted hair of her crotch
and said, "My turn Bitch. Lick my pussy until I can't cum anymore."

Just the idea started me gagging but that was ignored and she squatted over my
face and said, "Lick Bitch or the cigar is coming back on your pussy."

That terrified me and I began licking and even obeyed her command to stick my
tongue in deep. I thought it would never end. Her juices flooded my face and
were running down my chin before she finally rolled off saying, "Oh that was
good. I dreamed about having this Bitch do that."

I rolled over as nausea overcame me and began throwing up until nothing was left
in my stomach and I was just gagging.

Rachel took that as an insult! "Bitch! If you think my pussy was bad you are
going to hate my asshole. Now get over here and get your tongue in my ass!"

I gagged again and didn't move until Rachel got on her hands and knees and
reached back to pull her asscheeks apart saying, "Rafe if she isn't over her in
two shakes fry her pussy with the cigar."

In spite of my revulsion anything would be better than that. I crawled over to
her to give an tentative lick to her puckered asshole but that just made her
yell, "No! Drive your tongue inside."

I did it gagging at the taste of her shit but drover in even deeper as I felt
heat near my pussy as I bent over her. It seemed like it lasted forever but then
she moaned, "Oh yhat was nice. Now get me to cum by using your tongue on my
pussy.

I was not about to argue with that cigar so close to my crotch I could feel the
heat and began licking her clit as fast as I could until she was bucking under
me then sighed and said, "Enough."

Jude said, "Get out in the river and wash that shit off your face. You have it
from ear to ear."

I ran out into the river bawling then scrubbed my face and rinsed my mouth until
all the taste was gone. It had been the ultimate degradation and I stayed out
there sobbing with my only consolation being there was nothing worse they could
have me do.

Then I heard Jude say "Hey there is still something we haven't tried." Rafe
said, "Yeah I know what you mean. Bitch get out here."

I walked out reluctantly. I couldn't imagine what else they may want. Jude told
me to get on my hands and knees and I assumed they wanted me to suck their cocks
again. Rafe seemed to confirm this by getting on his knees and pushing his cock
into my face but then just as i opened my mouth to accept it Jude crawled up to
lie his chest on my back and then there was a horrible pain to my rectum as he
drove his dick into me to tear the tissues of my ass and cause a cramp as his
dick drove deep into my guts.I screamed around Rafe's dick but he kept me in
place by his gfrip on my ears and then Jude began pumping in and out seeming to
tear me up inside until my blood began to lubricate it to make it bearable until
he came and Rafe added to my humiliation by pulling his dick out of my mouth to
squirt his semen all over my face and into my eyes.

I collapsed to the ground sobbing my heart out but I was rolled over on my back
so Jude could rub my own shit and blood off his dick on my face to bring back my
gagging. As soon as they let me go I rushed into the water to wash and wash
until the sun was going down.

They put a chain around my neck and padlocked it there then padlocked the other
end to a tree. They went into the cabin and I heard them discuss the things they
would need to furnish the cabin until I fell into sleep.




Slaves Revenge 2
---------------------

I woke up while it was still dark shivering from the cold ground. My breasts and
buttocks were aching from the terrible beating they had taken and I had mixed
feelings as I saw the sun rising. It would warm me but it also signified another
day of abuse. The chain was cold around my neck but too tight to slip over my
head.

My fear increased as I heard Rufe, Jude and Rachel stirring around in the cabin.
I heard Rachel say, "This is a good cabin and the ground looks good. we can stay
here and farm for years but we need some furniture. Why don't you fellas harness
up the wagon and go back to the town to buy a stove, bed and a table and chairs
with that money we stole from the old Massa." I heard one of them grumble, "It
is too damn early. Between the Bitch and you we are tuckered out. We'll go
later.

Rachel came outside and threw me a raggedy mans shirt. There was only one button
at the navel but I was grateful to be covered and thanked her.

She said, "It aint for you bitch. You running around naked is getting the boys
too excited. You wore them out so they only fucked me once last night."

That made me mad since it implied I wanted them to fuck me. I said, "That isn't
my fault. I don't want them to fuck me."

"Oh so you think you are too good for them. Wait till I tell them that."

Even though that was true I  protested, "Oh no. It isn't that. I just don't like
to be fucked by anybody."

"You know that is bullshit!"

There was no answer to that so I just hung my head grateful the bucks were going
to be gone for awhile.

A few minutes later Rafe and Jude came out and in their lazy manner sauntered
over to the horses and began hooking them to the wagon. When they were hooked up
Jude came back to say, "All right. We just need a stove, bed and table and
chairs. Right?"

Rachel said, "Yeah we stole enough food and pots to cook it in for awhile.Maybe
you should get some whiskey. It would be nice to have a few drinks while we
think about what we should do with the bitch."

That scared me bad. What they did sober was bad and drunk they may come up with
something worse.

Then Jude noticed I was wearing the shirt and said, "Why have you got the bitch
covered up? I like her naked."

Rachel lied and said, "I want to keep her skin white. The sun will tan her and
the whipmarks won't show as good."

"Good idea but when the sun goes down she stays naked."

"By the way she said she hates fucking you guys but I will have her mind changed
by the time you get back."

"She damn well better or I will take the skin off her."

He gave me a nasty look then went on to join Rufe on the wagon for them to move
on to town.

Rachel turned to me and said, "What do you like best? Licking my pussy or
fucking the boys?"

"Oh God both are terrible but licking your pussy isn't even normal. If I wasn't
forced to do it, God would put me in hell."

"Too bad. I am in the mood to have a haughty white bitch eat me out. Now get
over here and do it."

She pulled her skirt up to her waist and I saw the matted hair of her crotch
from the semen the bucks had spilled on her. It made me gag and I said, "No. No!
You can't make me!"

"First of all you said 'No.' That is a word i never want to hear again. Anytime
you say 'No' you are getting a whupping. Ten lashes for every 'No'.Now get on
your knees between my legs."

I thought I may be able to fight her off since she wasn't much bigger than me
and said, "No" again before bracing my self to fight her.

I never had a chance. She went over to a willow tree and broke off a limb about
six feet long. As she stripped off the leaves she said, "You are going to beg me
to let you eat me." She jerked off my shirt ripping out the only button then
backed off as I hit the end of the chain and was choked.

I was still chained to the tree so I could only dodge around as that terrible
switch dug into me leaving awful stings and welts. Then one hit my nipples and
it hurt so bad I flopped on the ground to curl up in the foetal position to
protect my front. She kept screaming. "Get up you cowardly bitch but as bad as
it was I knew it would be worse on my front so I huddled there screaming until
she stopped.

I thought it was over and was glad that at least I had avoided the humiliation
and nausea that would come from licking her.

Suddenly there was a jerk on the chain around my neck. I had to get up or choke
and she dragged me over to the tree to throw the chain over a limb. She pulled
me up then locked the chain around the trunk. I felt weak and hardly noticed her
looping short ropes around my wrist until my wrists were jerked behind my back
and tied to the chain. My arms being pulled up and behind forced out my breasts
and I sobbed realizing how vulnerable they were. That wasn't enough for her she
left me there naked in the hot sun while she cut some poles to drive into the
ground to pull my legs so far apart the tendons in my thighs hurt.

She started hitting me with the switch and now she could hit my most sensitive
places, my nipples, my tummy, my inner thighs and my pussy. The pain was
horrendous and I screamed until hoarse as I felt my labia burning and stinging
only to be surpassed by an occasional uppercut right on my clitoris.

I was soon reduced to just moaning as I hung on the chain actually disappointed
it could not tighten on my neck so I could die.

Suddenly she stopped to say, "Ready to love my pussy now?"

I had forgotten my whipping was a result of my refusal but that reminded me and
I couldn't stand anymore punishment. I moaned, "Oh yes. Please let me lick your
pussy. I want to do it."

"Well I guess you can but first I want to find out if you have learned to obey.
Ask me to give you another lash on your right nipple."

"Oh no! They are too sore!"

"Stupid bitch. That just earned you ten."

She hit at it but i was able to move enough to keep some of them from hitting
the nipple but all hit my breaast which was now throbbing and swollen. I hung
there blubbering when she quit then she said, "Ask me for one on the left
nipple."

I had learned my lesson I moaned, "Please hit my left nipple."

She tortured me by just touching it and bringing back the switch aiming then the
tip of the switch hit perfectly on it to drive my nipple deep into my breast to
make me howl like a wounded dog.

She let me sob and shudder for a moment then said, "Now ask me nicely for one on
your pussy."

It was all I could do to avoid saying no. I managed to whisper, "Please hit my
pussy."

She made it as bad as it could get. She brought the switch up from the ground
directly in my slit to sting and burn me from my anus to my clit. I made a
hoarse scream then she came over to loosen the chain around the tree.

She held on to the end of the chain to pull me over to a tree stump where she
pulled up her dress while pulling me between her legs. Her pussy stunk awful
from the stale cum the bucks had left in the hair and I gagged several times but
managed to lick furiously at her clitoris until she finally went into orgasm.
She still wasn't through. She told me to run my tongue around her asshole while
she sighed in pleasure.

She sat up and looked at my striped body with a few places oozing blood then
said, "I need a nap. You can cool off in the river. she led me over to the
riverbank and locked the chain around a tree. I was able to sit in the water up
to my neck which helped a lot to stop the stinging and burning.

I must have really exhausted her because she left me there for hours while she
napped. As the sun got overhead I was reminded the bucks would soon be home and
my ordeal would start again. My body was so sore I decided I wouldn't refuse
anything.




Slave Revenge 3
--------------------

A little later Rachel appeared and said, "It is time to get out of there before
you get wrinkled."

I hated to leave the cool water since it felt so good on my welted body but
arose at her pull on the chain to be led to the shade of a tree where my chain
was relocked.

Rachel said, "Here take this."

She handed me a bottle of some patent remedy. It had Fletchers Tonic in
embosssed letters and also fruits and vegetables to make the glass real bumpy. I
pulled the cork thinking she wanted me to drink some but it was empty. I looked
at her confused and she just laughed and said, "I didn't give you that to drink
out of. You did a good job of lapping my cunt so I thought I would help you. I
think the reason you don't like the boy's fucking is because your virgin snatch
is too tight. Work the bottle into your pussy so we can loosen it up."

I looked at the bottle increduously. It was about four inches wide and eight
inches long much too big to fit in my little pussy. I said, "It is too big. It
will never fit."

"Shore it will. someday babies will come out of there. Now get it in or I'll
kick it in."

That was really frightening so I squatted and put in the neck totally
embarrassed as she lay on her stomach watching with a grin on her face. but I
felt a stretch and twinge of pain as the shoulders started going in. I groaned,
"It won't fit."

She didn't say anything she just slapped her palm into the bottom of the bottle
and I squealed as I felt a rip as the remnants of my hymen tore. She told me to
hold on to the hobnailed bottom to push it in and out and twist it. To my shame
it began to feel good as the embossed lettering and pictures made my labia and
clitoris vibrate. It was if I was two entities. My brain thought this was
humiliating but my body was loving it.

She noticed I was beginning to move it faster and said, "That's enough. You are
getting to like it. Now jam it in your asshole. The boys love cornholing."

Without thinking I said "No, it will tear me."

She just laughed and said, "That is ten for the 'No' plus whatever it takes to
get it buried."

She started hitting my breasts with the switch and I pushed desperately even
though I felt tissues tearing until finally I worked up my nerve and sat on it
which seemed to rip me open and cause a cramp in my guts. I just sat there
trying to fend off the lashes with my hands until she quit then said, "good it
is all the way in. Now twist it."

It hurt but I found there were nerves in my rectum which seemed to connect to my
crotch and in a few moments it actually began to feel good. She noticed I wasn't
squealing anymore and had me take it out. Unbelievable as it may seem I did so
reluctantly.

She sat back looking at my now sweaty reddened body then said, "Do you think you
can mind now. You know if you refuse anything we can make it worse than whatever
we want. Don't you?"

"Yes, I'll do anything you want. Just please don't hit me anymore."

Oh you will be hit alright, but if you mind it won't be as bad."

About that time we heard a clatter as Rafe and Jude came racing in with the
furniture bouncing in the wagon. Jude jumped off yelling, "Good! She is naked.
My dick has been hard for the last mile." He began taking off his overalls which
is all he wore as he hurried to me then flopped on his back in the shade to hold
his humongous dick straight up saying, "Get that tight pussy down on this!"

I straddled him and let myself down slowly. Rachel was right! After the bottle
which had made me wet his dick began sliding in me with no pain. I could feel
the long length moving my guts around. Just as I started moving up and down Rafe
pushed me forward and I felt his dick driving into my anus but even that didn't
hurt too much. They both began thrusting to make me feel stuffed inside and
again my body betrayed me and I became so excited that I was feeling that good
feeling I got from masturbation which increased to the point of an orgasm that
felt like a bomb going off inside me. I felt their dick's softening then Rafe
pulled away and Jude rolled me off him for us to lie there panting in the shade
of the tree.

Rachel looked disgusted and when our breathing returned to normal she said, "I
told you I would have her ready for you but she liked that too much. Let me show
you what she will do. Come with me Bitch."

She unlocked the padlock to the chain around my neck and led me by the hand over
to the willow tree to say, "Tear off a couple of switches about three feet
long."

That meant I was going to be switched again and I said, "Oh Please." but when
she said, "Are you arguing with me." I pulled off a couple then as directed
started tearing off the leaves and twigs as we walked back to the bucks."

Rachel said, "I got her trained now. You know you are going to be switched,
don't you?

I shuddered and said, "Yes Mam."

"It is gonna hurt won't it?"

"Oh God, Yes Mam."

"Okay go over to the tree and tie your ankles to the stakes and stick your hands
into the straps amd buckle them tight."

I had no choice. I knew if I refused something worse would happen so I spread my
legs over to the stakes and tied them then buckled the straps around my wrists
shuddering with dread while tears dripped down my cheeks.

Jude said, "Jesus. You do have her trained."

"Right. Now tighten the ropes to her arms and switch hell out of her. She won't
fight it."

Rafe ran over to pull my arms up tight and then ran his hands over my tummy
boobs and buttocks as he said in awe. "God, she looks good like this. her belly
and butt is so firm. "Bitch is it okay iffen I whip you?"

I whimpered, "If you want to."

They picked up the switches and proceeded to redden my body from my knees to my
neck ignoring my squeals and the tears flowing from my eyes. It hurt bad but not
as bad as the long switch Rachel had used so I was glad I had cooperated."

Rafe stopped to yell. "Jesus. she has me hard again!" He stepped in front of me
and I braced myself for the plunge of his horse cock but Rachel yelled, "It is
my turn. She had her fuck for the day."

I had to hang there in the hot sun with the welts stinging as they went to her
for Rafe to fuck like a dog while Jude put his dick in her mouth. It didn't seem
fair. I had made them hard with my pain and it seemed I should have received
some pleasure even though it would be from those animals.

They didn't even let me down when they were through. When they were rested
Rachel said, "Let's see what you got from town."

They unloaded the stove and furniture which included a huge bed with a straw
mattress the Jude said, "Damn. This cost us most of the money. I wish we had
stole more. I took some silver plates to the pawn shop but that bastard redneck
who owned it said, 'I know you niggers had to have stole this but if you give it
to me I won't get the sheriif.' Hell I had to give them to him. we can't afford
to have the sheriff coming here. He would see the other stuff and her."

Rachel said,"Yeah I have been thinking about that. You know how Massa used to
brand the lighter girls with an S on the back of their hands so they couldn't
run off and pass for white. Well I brought the branding iron."

Jude said Good Idea. No real white girl would be branded."

They started walking toward me and I began Moaning "No! No!" but they just
ignored me and dragged me into the house to tie me to a chair with a wide
armrest then wrapped rope around my wrist and forearm so I couldn't move it at
all. I had to sit there in dread as they brought in the stove and put the
stovepipe into the rock chimney as Rachel gathered wood.

Jude started the fire then took off one of the round stovetop covers to stick
the branding iron in the fire. It wasn't a big iron with just an "S" shape about
3 inches long and two wide but I had seen the girls being branded and remembered
the agonized screams.

The waiting was awful as they let the iron heat while they brought in the rest
of the furniture.
finally they were done and Rachel pulled out the iron to walk toward me. It was
glowing red hot and I screamed "No! No! and thrashed around in the chair
although there was no escape."

She brought the iron down on the back of my hand and I screamed as my skin
sizzled and smoke came up with indescribable pain shooting all the way up my
arm. She pulled it off but it seemed to continue burning as bad as it had when
it was there. Rachel said, "Shit she moved enough to smudge it. Just for that
Bitch you are getting another on your tit."

I began to fight so much Jude had to grab me around my shoulders as I watched
screaming as the iron came toward my nipple and I could feel heat increasing as
she aimed to finally push it in to me to encircle my nipple with the lower hole
of the "S". Thankfully I fainted.

I awoke later lying in the river. Thankfully the cool water was stopping the
burning but I knew as soon as I got out it would start again. I lifted my hand
briefly to see the big "S" in raw meat with blackened edges and cried and cried
knowing I was disfugured for life.

It must have excited the dirty bastards to hurt me so bad because in a little
while all three of them walked out of the cabin all sweaty to go for a swim.

Rafe sid, Jesus that was some sport. I feel like we are even for everything that
bitch did."

Jude said, "Yeah and a lot of us blacks would like getting even. There are a
bunch of escaped blacks in town. I'll bet they would pay to see a white bitch
whipped."

Rafe said, "Hell I know they would. I'll saddle up a horse and go to the tavern
to spread the word. How about this Sunday. They aren't workin then."

Jude said, Hell yes. We'll use the leather whip on her so she won't pass out
right away."

Rachel said "Yeah and if she does we can hang her upside down."

I pleaded, "Oh please. Haven't I suffered enough?"

Rachel just sneered, "Bitch you will have suffered enough when you fuckin die."

I became hysterically crying but they just ignored me as Rafe ran to saddle a
horse.

Sunday was four days away and I knew my burns would be barely healed by the time
my next big ordeal started. During that time they began preparing by tieing a
pole between two trees about eight feet up to tie me to and tore down an old
shed to make some rough benches facing the pole as if I would be on a stage.

Sunday finally arrived and I heard horses and wagons coming in from where I was
cringing on the bed.

The noise of voices kept getting louder then Jude came in to lead me to the
front of the crowd where he unsnapped the safety pin holding my shirt together
and pulled it off to reveal me naked to leering and cheering black faces.

He led me down the rows of benches saying, "Feel how firm she is. She can take a
lot of lashes."

Dirty black hands roamed over my body as I clenched my eyes shut hoping this was
just a bad dream. Then I was brought to the front again as Jude said, "You good
folks paid four bits for this show and you are going to get your money's worth
but we have something special. For a dime a lash you can whip her yourselves."

There was a loud concerted yell and then I saw hands going up saying they would
buy lashes. I heard some up to ten which was a lot of money to these poor
assholes.

When Rafe had collected the money and gave them slips of paper with the number
they had bought on them Jude led me to the pole where the cuffs were waiting
ominously hanging from it. I held out my hands for him to put on the cuffs and I
heard someone say, "Jesus. She isn't fighting this." They didn't know that
Rachel had told me that if I made any fuss they would whip me with barbed wire
rather than a soft leather whip.

When I was hanging there with just my spreadeagled toes touching the ground.
Jude said, "You can hit her anywhere except her face. we don't want to blind
her."

To prove he meant it he began hitting all my tender parts, my inner thighs, my
tummy, my breasts and my pussy as I howled in pain. finally he stopped and I saw
a long line forming. The whip was passed to the first in line who used his two
lashes on his favorite places across both breasts and up into my slightly open
slit. Just as I was getting my breath back the second came then the third and
then on as I lost track. When it got so bad I would faint they would just throw
a bucket of water on me then start again. The last thing I remembered was some
black stud fucking my numbed body as I hung there.




                      Slaves Revenge part 4

I didn't wake up until the next morning. I was lying on my back on the
rough wood floor and the pressure om my poor bottom was causing the welts
to hurt so I rolled over only to find there was no position I could lie in
that didn't cause welts to be pressed into the stickerie floor. 

I managed to get to my feet which were the only things not hurting and saw
my body in the old cracked mirror they had found. It was terrible. My
whole body was covered by purple welts and I began to cry remembering the
terrible ordeal. There was nothing that didn't hurt. I even had a welt on
my neck that the chain was hurting and one on my face from my ear to my
chin. If that wasn't enough they must have done terrible things to my poor
vagina and butthole because they were aching and throbbing with each
heartbeat.

I began to cry remembering my ordeal and Rachel must have heard my sobs
because she walked in the door to look at me speculatively then said,

"You must be pretty sore. You put on a hell of a show last night. Come on
you can go float in the river awhile. It may make you feel a little
better."

She led me to the river by my chain which I held away from the neck welt.
I sank gratefully into the cool water to float with only my butt sinking
in a bit into the silty mud.

She continued to look at me with only the tips of my breasts above the
water then said, "God Girl. You were unreal. I was begginning to think you
were never going to faint but once you did you would do it again with only
a few lashes. You about wore me out carrying buckets of water to splash on
you to bring you around."

"Oh God. How could you be so mean? Why couldn't you let me be unconscious
after that ordeal. I never whipped you that much."

"Maybe not so much at one time but you whipped me a lot. We had to wake
you. There were still people waiting their turn and we were making a lot
of money. I bet even more people will show up next Saturday."

I moaned "Oh no! You can't be thinking of doing this again. I will die!"

"No you won't die. We won't let you. With the money we make off you we
will never have to do the hard work of farming."

I shuddered and began to cry knowing how lazy they were and that they
would use me as long as I could draw a crowd.

For the rest of the week I wasn't whipped or anything because they wanted
my skin to return to white for the show. That didn't mean I didn't have to
satisfy their every sexual whim no matter how disgusting to me.

Too soon Saturday came and I was tied to a pole to watch the people coming
in and to suffer their hands roaming over my body as they giggled about
how it would look striped. To make matters worse for me there were a few
white men and a lot more black women. It embarrassed me even more for
white men to see me this way and the women frightened me since they seemed
to be meaner always picking my most sensitive parts to whip.

Finally it appeared no more people were coming after about fifty and I
began crying realizing if they could only afford two lashes apiece I would
suffer a hundred lashes. 

Jude came to me with his version of kindness saying, "We decided to use
the leather thonged whip since you were bleeding quite a bit from the
switches and I made you a leather hood to protect your eyes since one lash
last time came real close.

He slipped a leather cap over my head that buckled around my throat
leaving only a hole for my mouth and slits for my nose so I could breathe.

I was now blind which seemed to add to the fear which increased even more
as he said to the jeering audience,

"Some of you people were disappointed last time for the delays while we
revived her from fainting. To stop that we are hanging her upside down to
keep the blood in her head."

I fought and struggled since I knew they could make it no worse but they
managed to buckle the cuffs on my ankles and wrists then I felt the blood
going to my head as my legs were pulled up and widened until My arms
tightened against the stakes in the ground and my innerthighs began to
ache from the pull on my tendons.

They began whipping me and they must have used more than one whip since
there was no delay as the switch was passed on as in the first time. It
was awful! Beyond description! The orst thing is they were right about
being upside down no matter how bad it got even the ones that ripped at my
nipples and sunk into my gaping slit would not bring unconsciousnes.
Fortunately the human body can only stand so much pain before nerves go
dead and something happens in your brain to just make you uncaring.

I have no idea how many lashes I took. I barely remember Jude saying,
"Well I guess if you are all broke the show is over."

It wasn't over altogether though. For a lesser price my arms were raised
up until I was like a hammock and men began fucking my pussy or ass as my
hood was ripped off to have a smelly pussy pressed into my mouth. Finally
there was no longer any money even for that and I was let down to lie in
the dirt as Jude and Rafe said goodbyes and reminded them of the show next
week.

At that point my mind snapped. I became like a zombie no longer caring
what they did to me and only hoping for death. They tried everything from
gentle sex to more burns from their cigars but I just didn't react since I
no longer cared about anything.

They gave up on me and said that in the next show they would use barbed
wire whips to whip me to death and even then I didn't care because I
wanted to die.

I was saved by a miracle. Rafe came back from town with a white girl all
dressed up with a parasol to protect her from the sun. Rachel pushed me
into the cabin and out of sight but I heard Rafe say, "Julie here missed
the stage to Biloxi. I offered to give her a ride to the big town where
she could catch another instead of staying overnight. She was planning to
surprise her Daddy by coming home rather than stay in college."

I heard her say, "It is so nice of you folks to help me out." Then I heard
a struggle and she was dragged into the cabin with her hands tied behind
her back. She was yelling, "Why are you treating me this way. I am an
abolitionist! I am trying to help you people."

Jude just laughed and said, "You can help us a lot more by getting us
money."

"You mean you are going to hold me for ransom?"

"Naw. I don't know how we could collect the money without getting caught
but that don't mean you can't help us."

She looked around desperately and saw me huddled in the corner. She looked
at my nude body increduously and whined, "Oh my God. You have another
white girl here. What have you done to her she is all welts."

Rafe said, "She didn't cooperate so she had to be punished. You are going
to be good aren't you?"

"Oh yes. Just don't hurt me. I can't stand pain."

They took her outside to chain her to the tree then Rafe came in. He said,
"Bitch don't talk to her. I want Saturday to be a surprise. If you say one
word I will fry your nipples and pussy with red hot irons."

Even though I had lost my will to live that frightened me and I said, "I
won't talk to her. I promise."

Then Jude said I have more good news Jack Hawkins one of the white men who
came to whip the Bitch offered to take her to the slave auction to sell
for 20 percent of the sale price next Monday. He thinks we could get up to
a thousand dollars for her if we can get her looking good. I have never
even seen that much money and when the new one is used up we can sell
her."

They were delighted and from then on Rachel rubbed salve on me and they
began feeding me better to regain some of my lost weight. I wasn't tempted
to go back on my promise since they left the new girl outside with a
blanket to lie on for the three days until Saturday. I could hear her
sobbing and complaining out there late into the night.

Saturday came and they tied her in an "X" position with her arms going to
a limb and her legs tied wide apart to dtakes in the ground. I peeked
though a knothole in the cabin as she looked around desperately while more
and more people pulled into the yard. She spotted a white man and clled
desperately for him to help her but he just sneered and said, "I ain't
here to help you. I am here for the show."

She began to cry still not knowing what was going to happen but sure it
would not be good.

They did her differently to milk every dime they could out of the crowd.
First they had an auction to see who would get to cut off all her clothes.
The high bidder then went to her with a big Bowie knife and began cutting
off her clothes one by one. She was wearing a lot. First he cut off her
dress, then her petticoats, then her chemise, then her stockings as she
whimpered and struggled and finally her pantaloons to leave her there
totally naked showing a nice body with large breasts and a small waist.

They let her hang there naked awhile to let the crowd walk around her to
study and fondle every inch while she cried and struggled then Rafe said, 

"She claims to be a virgin. What am I bid for her pussy."

Bids went all the way up to three dollars then the high bidder
unceremoniously opened his pants and plunged his dick into her dry pussy
ripping her hymen to cause a loud scream.

When he came and pulled out blood was dripping down her thighs.

She was now sobbing almost hysterically probably not hearing Jude say, 

"Now what is your bid for her virgin asshole."

To my surprise the bidding was even higher to three dollars and a
quarter."

The high bidder went behind her to pull apart her asscheeks to plunge into
her causing an agonized scream and more until he finally pulled back
showing the shit and blood on his now softening dick. He went to the river
to wash it while she hung her head sobbing.

Jude said, "Now to the main show. Lashes ten cents apiece. How many Ladies
and Gentlemen?"

It was hard to keep track as they yelled out amounts and Rafe took their
money and gave them tickets with the amont on them but it had to be more
than a hundred.

They had learned from me and used the leather thonged whip. She was
amazingly strong. She took the lashes screaming until hoarse then just
gasping until everyone was totally out of money. She didn't faint until
she was released.

I know it sounds awful but I didn't care about her. I was just grateful
she had taken my place and looked forward to my auction at the slave
market knowing no owner that bought me could be worse.




                           Slave's Revenge the ending.

By Monday thanks to the fact Julia (the new girl) and I were only
subjected to rapes and oral sex my body my body had recovered to the point
they thought I was ready to sell and the white man, Seth, arrived to take
me to the auction.

Rachel put my shirt back on me and said, "I forgive you. I think you have
made up for the whuppings you gave me."

That was ridiculous, but I was smart enough to only say, "Thank you."

They tied my ankles together with just enough slack to take small strps
and tied my hands behind my back before lifting me into Seth's buggy. 

I didn't stay decent long. A few miles down the road Seth unsnapped the
pin holding my shirt together and began fondling me until he was excited
enough to let the horses follow the road on their own to put me in the
back for what he called a "Farewell Fuck." My only consolation was that he
was not very big so at least he didn't hurt me.

We arrived at the sales yard in the late afternoon about an hour before
the sale. The auctioneer took off my shirt and after looking me over told
Seth, "She is prime stuff. We will leave her for last to keep the crowd
here."

There was a line of cages about six feet tall and two feet wide and I was
pushed into one for the preview. Lines of men walked by the cages to
inspect me and the other four girls. One of the girls was a light tan but
none of them were as white as me. The men seemed to appreciate the fact I
didn't bother to try to escape their prying hands like the other girls who
were cringing and crying. I looked over the exclusively white men fondling
me and was sure none could possibly be as mean as the blacks I had left.

The girls were led up on the stage for the auctioneer to turn them around
and start his patter then they were auctioned off. Only the tan girl got a
good bid of $750.00 

Finally it was my turn and the auctioneer pointed out my high firm breasts
my tiny waist and finally my round butt saying, "Look at this gentlemen.
This butt is made for spanking!" Finally he forced his fingers into my dry
vagina and said, "Men. She may not be a virgin but she is as tight as
one."

The bidding began and I noticed a huge man about six feet three inches
tall and over 200 lbs loudly bidding although he had shown no interest in
the other girls. He was wearing black pants with tall boots and had his
shirt open because of the heat to show a washboard stomach and big chest.

The bidding went on and in spite of myself I had to feel a little proud
that the bids did not end until his final bid of $1300. The auctioneer
took his money then handed him over to me while someone else handed him my
shirt which he gently put on me and pinned to cover my nakedness.

He lifted me up on the seat of his buggy and said, "You will like my home.
It is up in the mountains where it is cool and I only expect you to take
care of a wifes duties until I find a white girl to marry." What is your
name honey? 

"Angelica but my Father called me Angel. The blacks just called me Bitch."

Well Angel my name is Bobbyjoe and I will take good care of you."

When we went through town he said, "It isn't seemly for a girl as white as
you to be so naked. I will buy you a dress."

He took me to a drygoods store and picked out a pretty red dress and let
me go alone into a back room to put it on. I loved it. It had a low
neckline that showed the tops of my breasts but the rest of me was covered
to my ankles. It wasn't the same as it was before my capture since there
were no underclothes but it made me feel more like a normal girl again.

When I went back to him he exclaimed, "You look beautiful!"

I began to cry and he looked puzzled and said, "What is wrong? I haven't
hurt you."

I blubbered, "I know, it is just that I am so grateful for your kind
treatment in letting me look like a normal girl again."

That made him curious and as we left town he asked me what had happened to
me while I was with my previous owner.

I told him the whole sad story including my savage beatings but was
ashamed to tell him about all the sex with the black scoundrels.

He listened to my story and then said, "I am sorry but your story is hard
to believe. I haven't heard of a slave uprising and it doesn't make sense
for an owner to damage property as valuable as you. Also you have the "S"
brand typically put on light colored blacks to locate girls trying to pass
as white."

"It is all true. Honestly! You didn't hear about the uprising since our
plantation is over a hundred miles from here. I can prove it. Send a
letter to my father and he will return the money you paid for me plus give
you a substantial reward."

"Well I will give you the benefit of doubt and send the letter but I don't
expect an answer."

I was so grateful I kissed him before settling back in my seat happy that
I may be rescued. He sent the letter at the next town giving directions to
his cabin and a return address of the tavern near him. I was disappointed
to hear the letter would take six days to get to my father and resigned
myself to at least two weeks with this man hoping he would remain as kind
as he had been so far.

He stopped at the Tavern to tell them if he got a letter to have them
deliver it and he would pay the messenger then stopped at a store for
groceries.

We started up into the Arkansas hills and finally arrived at his cabin
after dark. It was nothing like the shack I had left. It was a substantial
two room log cabin and when he lit a lantern I saw nice furniture. 

I was impressed and said, "This is nice. You must have some money."

"Yeah. I make a good living fur trapping but if the bidding had gone up
another hundred I wouldn't have been able to buy you."

That reminded me I was still a slave but I hoped the possibility he
believed my story may keep him from being too cruel.

He started a fire in the big kitchen stove and it was soon warm and cosy
then he said, "I am hungry. Make us some bacon and eggs while I get some
road dust off me."

I knew nothing about cooking but decided that could not be too complicated
and took down a big skillet and put it on the stove then found the eggs
and broke four of them into the skillet then went to look for the bacon. I
found it and began slicing it just as he returned wearing only the bottom
part of long johns and holding his clothes just as I noticed a strong
smell.

He ran over to the stove and jerked off the skillet to show me the
blackened eggs and yelled, "Jesus! Don't you know anything about cookin?
You should have cooked the bacon first so you would have the grease for
the eggs and you never cook eggs over the hottest part of the stove. You
have ruined the eggs and maybe the pan. I will have to punish you."

I began to cry as I pictured myself hung up and wondered if he would use
the nasty bull whip I saw hanging on the wall. To my surprise he went over
to sit on the horsehair couch and said, "Get over my knees for your
spanking."

He was only going to spank me! It would be like the spankings from my
Father when I was bad. It didn't even occur to me he would want me less
than naked so I hurriedly unbuttoned the dress and pulled it over my head
as he stared increduously then laid over the armrest and his lap to feel
the stickery fabric against my nipples and a rising lump in his underwear.

I braced myself for the pain but found there was just a easily bearable
sting from his hand to each butt cheek followed by a rubbing to spread the
tingle. The stinging sensation to my butt so close to my vagina coupled to
the rub of the rough fabric on my breasts was surprisingly exciting. Even
as he went on and the stinging got worse it just seemed to travel into my
body to excite me more. It obviously excited him too as the lump in his
underwear became bigger and harder until my whole butt was hot and
stinging. 

He suddenly stopped to say, "I guess your butt is red enough to give you
the idea. Get off."

You wouldn't believe how grateful I was for the exciting spanking rather
than the cruel whipping I expected. I slid off him and said breathlessly, 
"Thank you for not whipping me. I know the way to properly thank you."

I knelt between his legs to pull open the flap of his underwear to allow
his beautiful cock to escape and slid it into my mouth using my tongue to
swirl around the head as Jude had taught me. I watched his face as it
changed from surprise to excitement then he began making faces as in pain
just before his semen shot into my throat.

I pulled back from his softening cock making sure it was washed clean by
my saliva then leaned back to watch him breathe heavily before he finally
gasped, "My God! That was wonderful. No-one has ever done that for me
before."

I smailed and said, "It is the least I could do for someone who has been
so kind to me."

He looked at me puzzled and said, "Are you serious. I just spanked you."

"I know but it was only exciting compared to the awful whippings I have
received from those black bastards."

"Those bastards should be hung for what they did to you."

"Oh could you do that for me. I would love to see them properly punished."

"I am afraid not darlin. The town you were in is a stronghold of escaped
slaves. It would take a small army to capture them and I am only one man."

Naturally I was disappointed but at least he agreed with me.

He said, " We need to get some of this sweat washed off of us. Come with
me."

He grabbed a bar of soap, a towel, and a lantern and I followed him to the
backyard where a little waterfall was falling into a pool. We began
washing each other and the slick lather felt so good we both became
excited and stepped under the waterfall to rinse then he laid me on the
beach to make wonderful love to me.

For the next few days we made love at least twice a day filling the time
in between by him teaching me to cook and prepare his skins for tanning.

I know it sounds ridiculous but I couldn't get his spanking off my mind
and finally when he was sitting naked in his easy chair after a bath I
straddled his legs and said, "Let me show you something new and exciting."

His marvelous eight inch member hardened almost immediately and I let it
slide into my wet pussy as he said, "Oh that is so good! You are so tight
it feels like a wet fist."

When it was in as deep as it would go I said, "Spank my bottom. Make me
move."

He began spanking with both hands and the stings and vibrations to my
crotch made us both wild but especially me. I had three orgasms before his
grunt and the familiar twitching of his penis as it pumped semen into me.

He loved it and even improved on it later by making a little whip out of
soft deerhide to slap on my breasts in time with his thrusts. This didn't
hurt at all. Just pleasant stings that drove me to massive orgasms.

We never got an answer to his letter. One day as I was cooking lunch in my
red dress while he watched approvingly we heard hoofbeats coming up the
trail to the cabin.

We went out to meet them. It was my father and he must have brought the
whole Ku Klux Klan with him. My father jumped off his sweat lathered horse
to sweep me up in his arms and then glared at Bobbyjoe and said, "Did this
bastard hurt you?"

"Oh no Daddy he has been very kind but the niggers were awful. come into
the cabin and I will show you."

He was surprised and embarrassed as I took off the dress to show him my
branded breasts, the cigar burns to my nipples and crotch and the various
whip scars.

He went into a rage screaming, "Don't worry Angel. They will pay for this!
I will burn them alive. We brought an extra horse. John will take you home
while I pay my debt to Bobbyjoe and then go get those bastards.

He showed Bobbyjoe the flyer he had posted all over offering a ten
thousand dollar reward then handed him a pouch of gold coins.

Bobbyjoe said, "Thank you sir but I love her so much I would just as soon
pass on the reward if you would let her stay with me. I promise I will
treat her well."

Father said, "I am afraid that is impossible. This is out of her element.
She is used to fine clothes, a mansion, and genteel company. I thank you
sir for being kind to her. Now can you give me directions to the
scoundrels who did those awful things to my baby?

Bobbyjoe said, "I'll do better than that. I will lead you to them. I also
want to see them punished."

Bobbyjoe saddled his horse while I got on the horse offered to me and John
and I started down the trail to home. I had mixed feelings. I was looking
forward to my old life but at the same time thought I may never find a man
I could love as much as Bobbyjoe.

My Father and the Klan returned to our home about a week after I had
arrived and become used to the fine clothes and food again. 

One of the Klan described how they had whipped Jude, Rafe and Rachel for
days but when he described how they had been tied spreadeagled to have
burning faggots burn off their genitals I had to stop him. In spite of my
hatred the story was making me sick.

Bobbyjoe wrote to me everyday and I realized my "good life" was becoming
boring and I had no hope of finding a man like Bobbyjoe among the fops in
our society. I found I was pregnant which was the final excuse to go to my
father and tell him I had to return to Bobbyjoe to be married hoping
against hope it was his child and not a nigger's. I sent a letter to
Bobbyjoe saying I was coming to him then took two horses so I could trade
off in the hope I could get there even faster than my letter.

I never knew whose child it was. The hard ride caused me to miscarry. I
have never regretted my decision. We find something new and exciting to do
all the time.

                            The End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





