BDSM Library - Old Buddy




Old Buddy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Old buddies met each other again many years after school. They shared everything between them, even their interest in S/M and their girlfriends, once again.
                      Old Buddy

I was chatting in a Spanking Chatroom with a guy when it suddenly dawned on us
that we knew each other.

He said, "Mike. Is that you. This is Bill S."

I said, "Not the Bill S from Highland High?"

"Yeah that is me. Small world huh?"

"For sure. Do you still live in New York."

"No I am in Seattle now."

"No Shit. So am I."

At that point we exchanged phone numbers and I called him.

He was delighted to talk to me and asked me to come over to his place so we
could reminisce.

I agreed as we had tons of things to remember. We were best of buddies in high
school and shared everything including girl friends. His Dad had owned a sex
shop and he would bring me sex videos and magazines. We found we shared an
interest in S/M which remained to this day.

On the way to his house I remembered he had an unusual knack for recognizing
girls who would accept domination and I was grateful he had taught me the signs.

Actually our first conquest was my sister which I am pretty ashamed of since she
was only thirteen while we were sixteen. I realize now that we could have both
gone to jail but with teenage hormones it never occurred to us.

It started by us talking her into going skinnydipping with us. She argued at
first but once we got her naked she enjoyed all our compliments and readily
agreed to letting us put suntan oil on her.

She obviously became excited when we put the oil on her breasts, stomach and
finally her pussy and actually asked us to make love to her.

It was nothing fancy just missionary style but she obviously had orgasms and
then she made a mistake. At least I thought it was a mistake but I could never
be sure.

Bill had brought a poloroid camera and she agreed to poses like in Playboy
magazine.

That got us horny and then Bill said, "You have got me hard. Do you want to make
love again?"

She said, "Oh yes! This has made me excited too."

Then to my surprise he said, "Okay but you have to earn it by sucking our dicks
first."

She grimaced and said, "I won't do that. That is gross."

"I think you will. If you don't these pictures will be all over the school."

I knew it was a bluff since we would be in more trouble than her but she didn't
or else just needed the excuse because she said, "Oh okay. I guess I have to do
it."

It was my first blow job and it was wonderful. I still think it is the best form
of sex.

From there thanks to Bill's access to sex toys it was easy to humiliate her by
having her masturbate with a vibrator while we watched then on to bondage. We
found she was really excited by being hung from the wrists while we fucked her
pussy and anus at the same time. From there we moved to spanking and finally
whipping with his Dad's floggers.

Each time we moved on to something new she objected but never strenuously and
she soon became open to anything.

We are stil in contact although she has moved to California. She is a high
priced call girl now and I suppose I should feel guilty about that but she says
she loves it and is driving a Porche which is more than I can afford.

But I digress. I arrived at his house and was invited in with open arms. When we
were seated on his couch he said, "Betsy! Get us a couple of scotch and waters."

I hadn't thought to ask if he was married and was surprised when a pretty girl
about nineteen entered wearing a simple housedress. I had assumed that if he
married it would be to someone flashy like the girls he dated in school. The
housedress hung down straight from her breasts and I assumed she was on the
heavy side to hide her figure that way.

He said, "Betsy. Meet Mike. The best friend I have ever had. We shared
everything."

She just shyly nodded and sat down on a chair across from us perched on the edge
as if ready to jump up if he wanted anything.

He immediately began to remind me of girls we had had and especially my sister.
I was embarrassed and assumed she was too because she just looked down at the
floor.

Then he said, "Of all the girls though none can match my Betsy. I love you
Honeybunny."

She looked up briefly to smile at him with a blush on her face then looked down
again.

He said,"Stand up Honeybunny. I want to show Don how pretty you are."

She stood up blushing and slowly turned around. From the rear I could see she
had a nice round ass.

He said, "He can't tell anything with that dress on. Take it off."

She blushed again but obediantly turned her back to us and began unbuttoning the
buttons on the front of the dress.

He said sternly. "Honeybunny. You know you are not to turn your back when you
undress."

She turned to face us blushing and said, "I'm sorry. You never asked me to
undress in front of a stranger before."

"That is no excuse. You know you must be punished for that."

She blushed again and said, "I know. I am sorry."

By then she had four buttons undone and I could see the deep cleavage of large
breasts. She made a tease of it by unbuttoning buttons all the way to the hem
before pulling the straps from her shoulders to let the dress puddle at her
feet.

She had a magnificent body. About 38D breasts with a tiny muscled waist and
flaring hips. He had her turn again to confirm my first impression of a nicely
rounded spankable ass in simple white panties that hugged the curves.

When she faced us again he said, "Take off the bra Honey so he can see how great
your boobs are."

She blushed again and said, "Oh do I have to?"

He said, "That question just earned you ten more spanks."

She made a sigh and took off the bra. They were unreal. In spite of their size
they barely sagged at the loss of the bra.

I said, "My God. They are fantastic. Are they real?"

He just grinned and said, "They sure are. Honeybunny go to him so he can feel
for any plastic."

She blushed again but came over to me and leaned over so I could inspect them.

I felt them longer than I should have even lifting them to feel their weight
ignoring her blushes.

I said, "They are marvelous!"

He grinned again and said, "Yeah she exercises everyday to keep the muscles
tight and of course I add some treatments of my own."

"Okay Honeybunny, back off a bit and take off the panties."

She said, "Are you sure?"

He just said, "That is ten more."

She slowly pulled the panties down revealing Bill was still into toys. There was
a gold ring in her navel and as more was revealed a tattoo saying. "Bill's
slave," and finally two large gold rings in each lip of her hairless pussy."

She stood there looking as good or better than any model in men's magazines.

Bill grinned at me and said, "Look at what you have done Honey. From the bulge
in Mike's pants you got him all excited. Take care of that. I want him calm for
the rest."

She looked at him and said plaintively, "Please?"

He just said, "Ten more."

She knelt in front of me and gently undid my belt and unzipped my pants then
slid her hands under my ass to signal me to lift up so she could slide down my
pants and shorts.

She gave me a blowjob only my wife could match. she made it last by licking the
shaft and my balls before taking it in her mouth to roll my dick around in her
mouth with her tongue while gently sucking. When she felt I was close she buried
my dick into her throat until her nose was mashed against my pubic hair and
sucked harder until I exploded down her throat. She grinned at me and licked her
lips as if my cum was ice cream.

I sat back limp and drained. Bill laughed and said, You will recover soon."

He said, "You did good Honeybunny but you know you still have to be punished."

She just said quietly, "Yes." and went into another room.

"Come on Mike. I think you will get a kick out of our playroom."

I followed him into the other room. It was a lot like my dungeon except brightly
lit. There were ropes with padded cuffs hanging from the ceiling, a doghouse
like thing with a steep roof covered with asphalt granulated shingles, a
spanking bench , a rack and something I did not have. It was a two foot by four
foot piece of plywood studded with nails about an inch long attached to the wall
with straps that would obviously hold her against it. There was a variety of
paddles, leather straps, and whips hanging from the walls.

She was bent over at a right angle holding on to the spanking bench and had a
fraternity paddle lying on her back.

Bill said, "I like variety so she is only beaten ten times with each instrument.
I start with the paddle for old times sake. I know how it felt when I was in the
fraternity."

"We will take turns like we did when we were kids. As guest you can have the
first five."

I picked the paddle off her back nd swung it against the roundest part of her
ass to make a loud "Splat!" Her reaction was just a small gasp.

As her ass reddened Bill said, "Sorry Honeybunny. Mike must be out of practise.
He didn't hit hard enough. That one didn't count."

She just let out a small moan and I decided it would be better for her to hit
harder rather than repeat the blows.

I hit her five more times with louder "Splats!" that really flattened her ass
only to regain their shape with a darker red. Her only reaction was gasps as she
sucked in her tummy.

Bill took the paddle and I moved in front of her to watch her face. Tears were
streaming down her cheeks but she took his five which were even harder with only
sobs at each one. Her tits were kept in constant motion from the impacts.

When he finished he said, "You did good Honeybunny so you can rub."

To my amazement she smiled and began rubbing her dark red buns with both hands
causing her boobs to thrust out provocatively. I couldn't resist squeezing those
luscious melons and she smiled at me. I hoped it distracted her mind from her
burning buns.

He let her rub for a minute then said, "Okay honey you know what is next."

She moaned, "Oh God that hurts awfully."

"Are you complaining?"

"No. I just want you to know."

She went to the wall and picked out a couple of implements I had never seen
before. They were shaped like the sole of a man's size thirteen shoe and made
from a car tire tread. She handed one to me and the other to Bill. The paddle
was quite heavy and I knew the tread would make a pattern on her skin.

She went to the roof thing and climbed some steps behind it to straddle the
sharp granulated roof. I noticed she gripped the roof with her thighs to keep
her pussy away from ridge.

Bill said, " We will wait a moment until she settles down. Then we will
alternately hit her ass and as low as possible on her pussy to make her slide
back and forth. The objective is to get her pussy swollen for the next exercise.

In a few moments her thighs tired and her pussy settled on to the ridge causing
a grimace on her face. Now her whole weight was resting on that sharp ridge but
even that was not enough for Bill. He went to the wall and came back with two
twenty pound barbell weights he cuffed to her ankles. she whimpered as her pussy
sank into the ridge.

He said, " That discourages her from lifting up. You want pussy or butt?"

I said, "I better take the butt. I don't know what she can stand on her pussy."

Bill grinned and said,"She can take a lot. Okay Honeybunny. Get into position."

She reluctantly lifted her hands from the ridge of the roof to lock them behind
her head with an agonized look on her face.

I started first with a mighty blow to her ass that made her slide forward on the
sharp granules. I knew she was being scraped from her clitoris to her tailbone
but she just cried "Aww!"

Bill brought his paddle in between her thighs to make her slide back leaving a
clear imprint of the tire tread on her mons.

We finished the series of ten while she sobbed and moaned. Amazingly she kept
her hands locked behind her head the whole time.

When we finished we watched her a moment sobbing and panting heavily on the
ridge. Sweat was pouring from her body from the pain and the effort of trying to
lift herself.

Bill took off the weights and we lifted her from the roof.Her pussy was inflamed
and so swollen the crack was a tight line even with her legs open.

I noticed the roof ridge was soaked from the sweat and juices leaking from her
pussy.

I said, "I am amazed she could keep her hands behind her head the whole time.
Does she get to rub now?"

"No. I don't want the swelling to go down. She knows better than to remove her
hands. If she did we would just start over."

As an alternative she began squeezing her breasts and pinching her nipples in an
attempt to take her mind off her poor pussy.

He let her do that for a few moments until her breathing came back to nearly
normal then said,
" Honeybunny since you have been good after the next bit we will just hang you
up and whip you then fuck you like we used to do to Mikes sister to bring back
old times.

That prospect rather than frighten her caused relief and she said, "Oh thank
you."

I said, "What would you normally do?"

"I put her on the rack to stretch her as much as possible then spread super hot
sauce on her front then whip her with this." He picked out a whip made by tying
six clothes hanger wires together to make something like a drummers whisk.

"Jesus. Doesn't that cut her?"

"No she has tough skin and I know just how hard I can hit. I cut her a few times
until I got the knack. See?"

He went to her and moved her hands to lift her tits by her nipples to show a
half dozen long thin scars the size of the wire.

Now I understood her gratitude for a simple whipping.

By then her breathing was normal and he said, "Ok Honeybunny. Do it."

She went to the board of nails and gripped the straps beside it to slowly pull
herself into the board until her breasts were flattened as the nails drove into
them with just a shudder from the pain. Then she moved her feet back and pushed
her stomach and pussy into them causing an agonized wail.

Bill handed me a thick leather strap fastened to a softball bat and said, "The
bat gives you leverage. Don't hit her with the bat. Just the strap. For this we
go to twelve to make it even. Hit her back behind her breasts and her ass. three
on each."

I really didn't mean to hit her so hard but the leverage made a lot of
difference and each loud "Whap!"drove her even deeper into the nails.

She kept up constant agonized howls but managed to keep herself pressed into the
board.

Whe I finished he had her turn around and I was shocked to see her breasts,
stomach and pussy were covered with blood.

I said I was sorry but Bill just said, "Don't worry it is not as bad as it
looks."

She pushed herself back into the nails and he began hitting her. That nasty
implement flattened her bloody breasts tight against her rib cage only to pop
out for the next. He just let the tip of the strap hit her pussy to rip at the
lips and make blood fly.

Finally it was over and she sunk to her knees sobbing hysterically.

He went to a bucket by the wall and handed me a wet rag saying, "This is epsom
salts. It burns but it stops the bleeding and disinfects."

I began wiping her back while he did the front. The burning must have been
terrible because she screamed constantly until hoarse.

He was right. When the blood was wiped off the bleeding stopped and her body
just showed the punctures as hundreds of insect bites.

Bill said, "Let's get a drink while she recovers."

She laid on her side, the only part not burning and began deep breathing.

At the bar he said, "She is amazing isn't she?"

"God yes! My wife Allene is very brave but I have never subjected her to this
much torture."

"We worked up to this gradually. I gave her a safe word but she never used it so
I just kept making it a little worse. The only time she used it was when I tried
a cattle prod on her cunt and nipples. That scared her because she thought she
may have a heart attack."

"Yeah that can screw up the heart rythmn on the chest. I only use it on ass and
pussy."

"Allene has never used her safeword either but she is crazy. I am afraid she
would let me kill her."

"You can cause her a lot of pain without being life threatening. We have been
doing this for years and as you saw she has only minor scars."

"That is important to me. Allene is too beautiful to be marred."

"I agree I have a friend whose wife is covered with scars and that is disgusting
to me. He likes to burn her with cigars and candles which leaves terrible
scars."

He finished his drink and said, "Ready to finish her off?"

"God yes I am so hard I hurt. I can hardly wait for the fucking."

When we went back in she was sitting cross legged idly picking scabs off her
breasts.

Bill said, "Rested enough for the grand finale?"

"I guess so. I am really sore so even just whipping should hurt pretty bad."

"Okay. Get yourself ready."

She went over to the wall to lower the ropes from the ceiling then opened her
legs widely to buckle on ankle cuffs to rings on the floor then put on the
wristcuffs and stood there nervously awaiting his next move. I thought it was a
nice touch to have her prepare and participate in her punishments."

He went to the wall and pulled her up tight enough to flatten her tummy and let
the ribs show then tied the ropes to a cleat.

He went to her and said, "I thnk about forty lashes should do it. Do you agree?"

She said, "Oh yes. Forty lashes."

"Mike to be fair to us We will hit a lash on the back then move to the front so
we will have an equal opportunity. Concentrate on her breasts, pussy, and inner
thighs. That seems to be most sensitive. When you hit her ass bring the whip up
from the floor to go into the asscrack. That gets to her."

She let out a little gasp at the thought of that.

"Make it last. About twenty seconds between lashes so each one is new. Might as
well get naked now so we will be ready. She watched us undress and stared at our
hard dicks hungrily.

We began the lashing with two thonged whips. The best for me was hitting her
breasts to see them bob and the nipples flatten only to pop back out harder than
ever and seeing her pussy lips squirm at impact.

At forty Bill said, "Ready for the fucking?"

to my astonishment she squealed, "No. More. I need more!"

We began hitting her again harder than ever until she began screaming "Yes!
Yes!."

I happened to be at the back at this time so I drove my rock hard dick into her
asshole while Bill thrust his in her pussy. She began screaming hysterically
while bucking as much as possible in the tight bondage.

We were so excited we couldn't last as long as we should but she was already in
multiple orgasms so it didn't really matter.

When she was released she immediately went to her knees and licked her juices
from Bill's dick and the shit stains off mine as if we had done her the biggest
favor of her life.

Bill was pleased with her so he got some healing oils which we spread on that
marvelous body until we were hard enough to have her get on all fours so he
could fuck her ass while she gave me another of her marvelous blowjobs.

By then it was late and I was exhausted so I told him that next time I would
have Allene with me so I could return the favor and went to the apartment I keep
in town to fall into a dreamless sleep.

In the morning I had second thoughts about subjecting Allene to that much
torture and decided to invite them to our ranch so I could maintain control.

The end?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





