BDSM Library - Allene's New Job




Allene's New Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Allene lost her job but soon she found a new one. The only uncommon thing was employees got corporal punishment for errors. Well, but the pay was good...
                                      Allene's new job.by Allene
(alb21335@aol.com)

I was laid off at Boeing after the war and found jobs were scarce. I was getting
desperate since my savings were nearly depleted  when I saw  a small ad saying,

 "Women wanted as receptionists and secretaries for fast growing plastics firm.
Applicants must be over 18 under 30 attractive and willing to accept special
training. No experience necessary. Starting pay $400.00 per month. Call 647-9966
for interview.

It sounded ideal. My rent was only $100 per month and  the rest would let me
live nicely. After my shower I looked at myself in the mirror and decided that
my 35c boobs, 23" waist and 34' hips  made firm by my old job as a riveter may
qualify me, I had been compared favorably with Betty Grable ,a pinup star, and
had no trouble charming my old bosses. Especially when I didn't object to the
occassional pat on my fanny.

I called the number and was told to show up at 4:30 the next day for an
interview.

When I got there I was told to wait in the outer office and had time to watch
the other girls. It was obvious that they were only hiring good looking girls
and also that they had good bodies from a uniform they wore consisting of tight
orlon sweaters and short flaring skirts. From the way their boobs moved under
the sweaters it was obvious they didn't wear brassieres and didn't need them.
Also the skirts were short enough to show their legs up to mid-thigh and even
higher whenever they bent over to get things out of files.

It was also obvious they needed help the way they were scurrying around to get
out the work.

I had the time to talk briefly to the receptionist. I said, "This sounds like a
good job. Do you like working here?

"Well the pay is good and if you do well you will get a raise in about three
months and they have a health plan. However, it does have disadvantages. If you
embarrass easily and object to corporal punishment for errors, you won't be able
to stay. There is quite a turnover in the first couple of weeks but if you get
past that you will probably enjoy it. It has one major perk. A lot of well paid
men come through here and a lot of girls have made great marriages.

That sounded good. I had few dates with attractive men since so many had gone to
war but "Corporal punishment?" I could only think of pictures I had seen in
history books of men and women tied to posts and having their backs whipped.

"What do you mean 'Corporal punishment.'  Do they whip people?"

She laughed and said, "I have never gotten to that point. usually it is just a
hand spanking that is more embarrassing than painful. But if you continue to
screw up it can get worse. Usually the girls learn to be careful real fast."

"Well, Dad and Mom spanked me when I was little and it was not too bad. I can
see where it would make a good worker out of you.".

That is the bosses theory and it sure seems to work. Your business suit looks
nice but I think you should leave the jacket out here. They are serious about
wanting the girls attractive and the jacket gives no clue about your figure.
Also I think You should take your hair out of that bun.

I took off the jacket and let my long blonde hair drape over my shoulders. then
said, "Is this better?"

"Oh yes. They will love that flat tummy. Are you wearing a push up bra?"

"No. just a standard one. I could go without one except for modesty's sake.

"Good. You may have to prove it..

Before I could ask anything else I was called into the inner office. There were
two men in their forties behind a conference table piled high with resumes. I
realized I would have to make a good impression if I wanted to be hired.

The first part of the interview was pretty standard explaining the job benefits
and asking me about prior experience. They seemed pleased when I said I was
taking business courses at night  and could type 30 words a minute.

Then they looked at me in speculation and the boss said,  "You know a
requirement of the job is to be attractive since we like to make a good
impression on our customers and you no doubt noticed the girl's uniforms. You
have a pretty face but it is necessary to have a good figure to look good in
that uniform. With that skirt to your ankles and that blouse it is hard to tell
how you would look in uniform."

"I see, would you like me to pull the blouse tighter and lift my skirt a
little."

"No I think it would be best to remove the blouse."

I blushed but then thought I was being silly. My cotton bra hid me as much as my
two piece bathing suit. I hesitanally unbuttoned the blouse and slipped it off
my shoulders to place it on the table then stood up straight sucking in my
tummy.

I felt a little proud when they stared and the boss said, Very nice. Turn
around."

I turned slowly until I was facing them again hoping they would notice that my
slim waist made my boobs and bottom look bigger.

The other man breathed, "Lovely." but then the boss said , "Yes very nice. Now
drop the skirt and slip so we can see your legs."

I blushed again but again remembered I was wearing dark cotoon panties that
would hide me and unzipped the skirt to pull it and my slip down to my knees
where I could let them drop to the floor."

Again I was told to turn around slowly, and blushed again when the man with the
boss, said, "Jesus. That ass is made for spanking."

When I faced them again the boss said, "Very very nice but as you know the girls
do not wear bras under the sweater. Please remove the bra so we will know your
breasts won't sag to your stomach."

I froze! This was going much further than I anticipated.I just stood there
blushing until the boss said,  "well there is obviously something wrong with
your breasts so you may go."

That seemed to be a challenge and I was proud of the fact my breasts hardly
sagged at al with only a small crease at the base. To be dismissed now seemed
terrible.

I said defiantly, "There is nothing wrong with them!" and reached back to
unclasp the bra and jerk it off my shoulders to let them booble a moment then
settle down to stand out proudly with the small pink nipples hardening a little
from a cool breeze.

I was gratified by their intake of breath and soft, "Wonderful!"

Standing there so naked brought back my blush and I said, "You have seen me.
Can I put my clothes back on now?"

"Not just yet. There is one more thing. You know we use corporal punishment to
keep our girls on the ball. Do you know what that means?"

"Yes. The receptionist said I may be spanked if I screw up."

"Yes and possibly more. Does that bother you?"

"Yes, but I guess I would deserve it if I screwed up."

"I am glad you understand. It takes too much training to have to hire and fire.
We found it was much better to train the girls than to lay them off in this time
of few jobs.

"Yes. I would much rather be spanked than fired. I need this job badly. My
savings are nearly gone."

"Well if you pass this final test we can advance a weeks salary."

"Oh that would be wonderful but what is the test?"

"We want you to ask us to give you a little spanking just to make sure you won't
change your mind later."

"But I haven't done anything wrong!"

"Yes. If you are willing to accept punishment when you have done nothing wrong,
we know you will not object to a legitimate spanking.

That makes sense, I guess. How many spanks? "

"Just five. Five apiece that is."

That didn't sound bad. Mom and Dad always gave me at least fifteen and when
older twenty."

"You promise? Only ten?"

"Yes. As long as you take them without trying to avoid them."

"All right. Do I lie over the table? That is the way my folks did it when I was
older."

He smiled and said, "Yes. That will be fine."

I laid over the table and when my nipples hit the cool surface I was reminded
how naked I was and blushed again.

I blushed again when he smoothed my panties over my round buttcheeks embarrassed
at the fact it felt good and the situation was exciting me.

He said, "There should be no doubt you are accepting this willingly so I want
you to count starting at 'One'. As you count we will administer the spank."

"I said "One." and there was a "Slap!" to my buttcheek which really was not too
bad  causing a light sting followed by a tug on my panties.

I kept counting with a moment between to catch my breath but then the seventh
spank at the junction of my thigh to my butt cheek  was much sharper and I
raised up and tried to reach back to stop another only to have my wrist grabbed
as I was told seemingly regretfully, "Oh darn. You were so close. Now we have to
start over."

My butt was really stinging now but I was just mad at myself because I had been
warned this may happen and settled down with a little sob to say, "One."

Now all the stings were sharper but to my surprise the stings so close to my
vagina was actually exciting me to the point I began counting faster.

At ten. I was pulled up and given a hug that mashed my breasts into his chest
and then hugged by the other man who said, "You were great!  Welcome to the
firm. You can dress now and wait outside while I get you your first paycheck."

I was so excited it was all I could do not to embarrass myself further by
telling them I could take more. When I began putting on my clothes I found the
little tugs I had felt on my panties had pulled them deep into my ass crack 
which explained the sharper stings. Perversely I left them that way to feel my
slip rubbing on my stinging cheeks.

I was embarrassed more when I went to the outer office and the receptionist
said, "Congratulations! I know you have been hired. I heard the spanks and if
you were not satisfactory you wouod not have gotten to that point."

I just blushed and when my check was brought in by another girl I hurried out of
the office. Along with the check I was given an envelope I was told would
explain the punishments for misdemeanors.




                                    ALLENE'S JOB 2

After leaving the office I went to the address they gave me of the store for my
"Uniforms".

That was a surprise. I expected a woman's store but it was just a little shop
with the name, "Specialized Fashions."

I went in to see a little old man hemming a skirt on a sewing machine. He looked
up and said, "What can I do for you."

I explained why I was there and he said, "Oh yes. Butler Plastics. They are very
good customers. They not only pay well but also delight my eyes with their good
looking girls. Step into the back room for your fitting."

I expected to find a woman back there but he followed me in and said, "Okay.
Take off your clothes so I can measure you."

I had been embarrassed enough for one day and said, "That isn't necessary. I
know my sizes."

He scoffed, "Sizes mean nothing! Mr Butler wants his clothes fitted to the body
and standard sizes won't do that. I am not sending out shoddy goods. If you do
not want to be fitted. Please leave."

I couldn't do that.No uniform, no job. I turned my back to him and began taking
off my clothes even though I knew it was futile since he would eventually see
all of me.

I stood there blushing in panties and bra but I was not to be allowed even that
amount of dignity.

He said, "Panties and bra too. I know Mr. Butler does not allow bras and the
panties will make a line in the skirt."

I took them off and tried my best to hide myself by crossing an arm over my
breasts and putting my other hand over my crotch.

He came over and grabbed my arms to put them at my sides and said harshly,
"Leave them there!"

I had never felt so naked in the bright lights of the room while he took a cloth
tape from around his neck to measure me.

I had never been so thoroughly measured.The tape was slid around my waist from
my pubic bone to the base of my breasts then my breasts were measured from my
armpits across the nipples and again from around the back and finally from the
base to the part they started to round. Each time the tape slid on my nipples
and in spite of my embarrassment I felt excitement evidenced by the hardening of
my nipples. Then he measured my butt and thighs with a final measurement I think
he just did for fun. He ran the tape  down the crack of my butt then up through
the slit of my pussy making the tape slide on my clitoris to make me gasp.

He left me standing there in the bright light while he got a sweater and skirt.
The sweater was a wonderful soft fabric I later found was cashmere and the skirt
was also white and made of linen that followed every curve. He tightened them
anywhere it was loose then had me take them off to tell me to come back at five
to get them. I was to get three sets. One to wear one to wash and one for
emergencies.

He had me put them on then tightened any loose places and marked them with pins.
I realized then that the "measuring," had been totally unneccesary.

When I got home I opened the envelope I had been given to read the letter. The
first part was just a welcome to the company thing explaining the health
insurance, the stock plan etc but then the second page got to the scary part.

It said that punishments if necessary would be performed every afternoon at five
and that employees not involved could stay to witness or leave. Their choice. I
knew my curiosity would not let me leave. My punishment day was Friday.

The good news was that employees would only be fired for dishonesty or
disobedience. All other misdemeanors would be resolved by corporal punishment.
Any employee who refused proper punishment could resign but of course that meant
no severence pay or unemployment benefits and the cost of uniforms would have to
be repaid at $100.00 each.

There was a long list of things that would cause one demerit. From misspelled
words to wrong math totals and with multiple demerits for being late which was a
spank per minute to disrespect to bosses or customers which brought five
demerits.

The next page said," You no doubt noticed the display of our products on the
wall. We feel it is appropriate to use these products in your punishment. The
various hair brushes will be used on fleshy parts of your body as well as the 42
inch straight edge, the fishing rods,the spoons,and the plastic pipe. The
lighter instruments such as the flyswatter, the spatulas,and the 12 inch rulers
may be used on more sensitive areas. Naturally in order to feel the instruments
properly you will be nude.

We do not want to create lasting discomfort so each area of your body will be
limited to ten spanks. In example in the case you should face the unlikely
prospect of ten demerits you would get ten to each buttock cheek, ten to each
thigh, ten to the stomach area. The balance would be on your breasts and pubic
area with the lighter instruments.

We expect our employees to accept their just punishment willingly and to assume
the proper position and hold it throughout the punishment. If you do not think
you have the courage to do this you can ask to be tied but this will add five
spanks to each area."

That frightened the hell out of me and I was tempted to quit right then but I
remembered how low I was on money and my fruitless efforts to find work so I
decided I simply must be the best employee they had ever seen and avoid the
punishment.

I went back to the store to get my uniforms. As I expected I had to strip again
but this time it was a little easier especially since he was so complimentary
and his hands felt good smoothing the sweater over my breasts.I looked in a
mirror and the clothes were like a second skin. I swear if I had a pimple
anywhere it would show and it was obvious from the bumps at my nipples that I
was not wearing a bra. I knew I could not wear this on the bus so I used most of
the money to buy a raincoat to go to work in.

The next morning I made sure I would not be late by leaving early and arrived
ten minutes early and punched the time clock happy it would prove I was on time.
The first day I was just showed what to do by Jean.She was a pretty brunette
whose breasts dwarfed my 34C. They were amazing. Even at their size they showed
no indication of sag.

Jean said, "He did a good job of fitting you. You have a lovely figure. What are
your measurements?"

"34C, 23, 34. The uniform is weird. Although I am completely covered I feel
naked.I am jealous of your breasts they are amazing!"

"Well in these uniforms it doesn't take much imagination for the men to know how
we look naked. I can't take credit for my breasts. It is a gene thing. My mother
and Grandmother also have large breasts that don't sag much. Actually they are a
dis-advantage in this job. I live in fear I will get enough demerits to have my
front punished since I know they are such inviting targets.Speaking of that
today is my punishment day. I have gone for weeks without punishment. I hope I
am still lucky."

"Oh that is such a relief.I was afraid they would always come up with some
excuse to punish. It is nice to know if I work hard I can avoid them. Why don't
you know? Aren't you told about demerits as you get them?"

"No. It is a total surprise. The boss just keeps a tally. My worst spanking of
three demerits came when I thought I was doing good."

"Oh Wow! Thirty spanks must have been terrible!"

"It was pretty bad. If all of them had been on my butt I would not have been
able to sit the next day. That is why they have the ten spanks to a spot limit."


"Oh that brings up a question. How do they decide what instrument to use on you.
Some of those things look really bad."

"They don't. You do. Each brush,yardstick. pipe for spanking butts is numbered.
You pick a card or cards for your punishment. The cards have corresponding
numbers. The worst I have experienced is the 42" straightedge and the hairbrush
with the long handle. It seems the longer it is the more leverage for speed and
impact. Those things cause pain that seems to go deep into your guts."

"Oh God. The worst spanking I have had was just a few with Mom's hand."

"There is no comparison. Some girls even faint from the pain. It doesn't do them
any good though. The punishment is just finished after they have been revived."

"Oh God, you are frightening me. Is it better to take them tied or untied?

"I guess that depends on you. I take them untied because I have a lot of will
power and I don't want the five extra spanks but if you choose to be untied it
can be a real ordeal since they will start over again anytime you move out of
position. Also that eleiminates the ten spank rule. Poor Julie only had ten
spanks coming but took 40 spanks with a 1/2" pipe until she finally got numb
enough to stand quietly. Her butt was bruised for a week."

"Oh God. I think I am pretty brave but I don't know what I should do."

"Well usually they are a little easier on a girls first time. You choose after
you find the instrument they will use. As long as it isn't one of the four foot
pipes, the 42" straightedge or that wicked brush with the long handle and deeply
embossed back I think you should try it untied. You will hate yourself if you
find you could have taken ten and chose fifteen. They are really diabolical. The
pain gets worse up to twenty and then you get numb. By moving to new spots you
don't get that luxury."

"Yes. I will try it untied for my first time and if I can't stand it will be
tied for other punishments."

I realized by that statement I had resigned myself to expect and accept the
punishment.

About 4:00 Pm Mr Butler came out of his office to put a notice on the bulletin
board. It said,
             
                PUNISHMENT SESSION AT FIVE PM.
		JEAN HAS 2 DEMERITS FOR MISSPELLED
                WORDS.THOSE WHO WANT TO WITNESS WILL
                MEET IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM.

Jean blanched. "Oh God. I hope I get lucky on instruments. Let this be a lesson
to you. Keep the dictionary handy and check any word you have any doubt about. I
got overconfident."

"Will it bother you if I watch? I have to know what I may be facing."

"No. Everyone will be there. The guys like to see me naked and the girls are
curious about my bravery. I am really nervous. I could use a drink. Would you
like to join me?"

I said "Sure." because I still had so many questions. She got a bottle of
whiskey out of her desk and we went to the rest room where we drank shots
directly out of the bottle which seemed to calm both of us.

She thought for a moment and then said, "I think the worst part is getting naked
because it means the pain will soon be coming."

"Get naked? Why should you get naked just to have your bottom spanked?"

"Mr. Butler says the embarrassment adds to the punishment but considering the
bulge that forms in his pants I think it is really just to add to the men's
excitement.In sny case he is right. Being naked while everyone else is clothed
really makes you feel frightened and vulnerable. You'll see."

When we went back into the main room girls and guys were in huddles no doubt
discussing the upcoming event.

One of the girls said, "Serves you right. It is about time you had a turn. I
hope they make you cry."

I asked, "Why is she being so mean. You would think the girls would be
supportive of each other."

"I guess I deserve it. I called her a wimp for crying over only ten spanks. I
don't know why we are not more supportive. I guess we are just relieved it is
happening to someone else."

Mr Butler appeared at the conference room door and waved Jean over to him. She
gulped and said, "Wish me luck hon." she went to him as if on her way to her
execution.

A few minutes later he appeared again and said, "Exhibition time."

Girls and guys rushed to the door and I followed to be totally amazed at the
scene inside. Jean was standing in the center of the room totally nude with her
wrists held up in the air by manacles on her wrists connected to a rope going to
a pulley in the ceiling. If that wasn't enough her ankles were held apart by
being tied to rings in the floor about three feet apart. She could hide nothing!

For the next fifteen minutes she had to stand there blushing while guys and
girls fondled her and made comments. One guy said, "Too bad she isn't getting
frontal punishment. Her stomach muscles are tight enough to take a lot" Another
guy said excitedly, "Yeah I would love to see those great boobs bouncing on her
chest." Even one of the girls rubbed her bare bottom and said, "Oh nice and
firm. I wonder if it will still be so firm when they are done."

I got a little angry. Poor Jean was blushing all down her front and I was sure
their comments were just adding to her fright.I now understood why the girls
were not supportive. I could hardly wait for that bitch to have her turn.

Finally the fifteen minutes was over. Everyone stepped back and she was released
to be led over to the conference table. There were a bunch of white cards on it.
She closed her eyes and picked two.

She must have been relieved by her choice because she gave a little smile then
went over to the wall to pick up a short smooth backed brush and an 18 inch
ruler. She stood there a moment holding them while the men cut cards to see who
would do the spanking.It was obvious luck was a large factor in these sessions
since the instrument could be bad or worse and I assumed some men were meaner
than others.

She seemed to confirm this when she handed the brush to a man and said softly,
"I am glad it is you." She obviously didn't feel that way about the other man
because when she handed him the ruler she just let out a little sob and said,
"Please be kind." He just gave her an evil grin that let her know she would get
no sympathy.

She walked over to the conference table and laid her breasts on it but Mr.
Butler said, "You know that is not how we want you."

She moved back until she was leaning over at a ninety degree angle with just her
hands gripping the edge of the table. I could see why he liked that position.
Her wonderful boobs were hanging down and would move with every breath and her
pussy was pooching out a little behind her.It would take a lot of courage to
keep her grip on the table.

The man with the brush stepped over to stand beside her and said."Okay."

She knew what he meant and said,"One."

God if he was one of the nicer men the rest must be terrible. He brought the
brush back to his shoulder and brought it crashing down on her left buttcheek so
hard it sunk in and caused her cheek to ripple. That caused her to gasp and jerk
up her head to make her boobs dance on her chest.It left a perfect imprint of
itself in red.

At two the brush pulled open the crack of her butt and made her yip at the loud
whap. He went on with three more to that cheek then moved to give five to the
other leaving her whole butt a deep red I was sure would cause bruises.

She was either awfully brave or the paddles impact that deformed her butt was
not as bad as it looked because she withstood them all with just gasps and an
occassional yip and never got out of position.

I had to admire her courage. Her only reaction when he finished was deep breaths
which kept her breasts in constant motion.

She moaned though when the other man stepped forward and said harshly, "Open
your legs!"

She inched them open but he kept saying "Wider!" until the lips of her pussy
opened to show the tender pink inner lips.

He yelled "Count!"

She sobbed and said "One."

I found that ruler was very flexible. Although he hit the back of her thigh just
below her buttcheeks the end bent around to make a darker red at the end of the
stripe. She yelped and jumped but managed to hold on to the table.Then he stood
directly behind her and would forehand or back hand her inner thighs so close to
her pussy I swear it grazed the lips. She began a little dance by bending her
knees and twisting her abdomen I assume was an effort to relieve the sting and
was sobbing when he finally quit.

The moment he stopped the people excitedly left the room leaving her there
sobbing still maintaining that death grip on the table.I ran over to her and
hugged her saying "Poor baby. That must have been awful."

"It was! That bastard didn't need to hit the tenderest spots over and over. I
tightened up so much I have charley horses in my thighs. I am not sure I can
walk. I have some salve in my purse. Would you get it for me?"

I ran to her desk and got her purse. When I got back she was leaning back in a
chair with the battered portion of her butt off the eddge an was lightly
caressing her ineer thighs.I am heterosexual but the sight of her excited me.
Maybe because what she was doing was my foreplay before serious masturbation.

She dug around in it until she found a bottle with asian writing on it saying.
"I found this in a herb shop. It really works good to stop the sting."

I said nervously, "Would you like me to put some of it on you?"

"Yes I think I would like that."

I began caressing it on the red stripes on her thighs excusing the brushes of my
hand on her pussy because the redness was so close to it. As I rubbed I asked,
"Why did the people leave so suddenly when you were finished?"

"Watching made them excited. They hurried off to masturbate or make love. Didn't
it excite you?"

I hated to admit it since it seemed so perverse but I said, "Yes even though I
felt sorry for you. Do you hate me for that?"

"No. You can rub harder now. The pain is going away."

 Suddenly she said, "Wait. Let me lie on the floor so you can straddle my
stomach so you can use both hands."

I pulled up my skirt a little and straddled her. It was better to be able to use
both hands but I found myself rubbing the sides of my thumbs on her pussy lips
which she encouraged by saying, "Yes Baby. Like that!"

I felt my skirt being lifted then I felt her lips and tongue on my inner thighs.
It felt so good I knew she would like it too so I began licking and kissing her
red marks. Then I felt her tongue against my clitoris. I knew I should protest
but it just felt too wonderful and before I knew it I was returning the favor.

I had marvelous orgasms. Much better than I ever got from masturbation but when
she pulled away from me I suddenly felt this huge guilt.

She noticed my stricken look and said, "What's wrong? That was wonderful! You
made all the pain go away."

"I just did a homosexual act! All my life my church has told me homosexuals go
to Hell! I didn't even know I was queer."

I began to cry and she said,"You aren't necessarily queer. I know I prefer men.
This was just a highly charged situation. You still like men best don't you?"

I sobbed, "I don't know! I have never had one make love to me!"

"Really! That is hard to believe as pretty as you are."

"I haven't dated much. Guys seemed to assume I was already going steady and the
few dates I had treated me very respectfully with at most a kiss goodnight."

"Well considering the clothes you were wearing when you applied for this job I
can see why they may think you wouldn't be interested in sex. I'll bet their
attitude would change if they saw you in the uniform."

"I suppose, but I could never wear this in public."

"Well don't worry about it. Things will work out. Now I need to go home and
rest. I'll see you tomorrow."




                                              Allene's Job3

The next morning although I still felt guilty I convinced myself that Jean was
right and the day before was just a weird experience that may never re_occur. I
resolved never to let myself get into a situation like that again.

I arrived at work on time and was surprised to see Jean in a good mood and
apparrently suffering no harm from the day before.

I said, "God I am so surprised to see you sitting and smiling. I thought you
would be so bruised you would not be able to sit."

"Oh I am bruised but they don't hurt. Just a little throbbing.Would you like to
see?"

I couldn't help but be curious since I may have the same problem so I said,
"Yes. I guess so."

We went to the bathroom and she pulled her skirt up to her waist.I was
surprised. There were a few bruises on her butt from the paddle but the only
bruises on her inner thighs were small ones where the end of the ruler had
snapped around to dig in.

She said, "Feel them. The swelling is all gone."

I realized feeling her soft inner thighs might excite me so I just blushed and
said, "I'll take your word for it. I am a little relieved though. If your hard
spanking did not cause any more damage than that I won't have to feel so
frightened about my turn if I can't avoid it."

"Okay. Just remember to check all your work before you hand it in for
signatures."

I promised I would but then girls started dumping files on my desk saying they
were really glad I was there so they would have more time to correct any
mistakes.

I was told all the work had to be done by five pm so I dug right in and even
skipped my coffee breaks and took a short lunch. Even then time went by so fast
I could no longer double check everything. I have always been a good speller
though and had only found one error which I corrected so I kind of rushed
through the rest of my checking.

I was done by 4:30 when Mr. Butler put up a notice. We all rushed over to look
at.it.
                           Punishment Notice
                           Julie has one demerit.

Julie moaned and Jean asked, "Are you going to try to take them untied again? It
is only ten."

"I don't know. Last time was a disaster. Probably not but I will have to see
what will be used on me."

Mr Butler waved at her a few moments later and she moaned, "Oh God. It is time.
Wish me luck."

We were called in a few moments later to see her standing there with her legs
open seeming especially naked since she only had sparse blonde hair on her pussy
which allowed us to see the slit with the hint of pink inner parts.

Again the men went over to poke and prod her and she did a kind of dumb thing by
squirming around to try to avoid the hands. This just made the men laugh and get
even worse by pinching her nipples and pulling on the hair of her pussy. She was
practically doing a dance in her efforts which just made it better for them.

Finally that part of her ordeal was over and she went to the table to pick a
card. She took a deep breath and turned it over then let out a sigh of relief to
see it was not the 42 inch straightedge. She went over to the display and picked
up a 1/4 inch plastic pipe and stood there shaking slightly from her nervousness
as the men cut cards. Fortunately the mean guy would
not be able to pick again until the others had their turn.

Mr. Butler won and took the 48 inch pipe from her saying, "Tied or untied?"

"Untied. I think. It is the smallest pipe."

"You may be making a mistake. It can make a terrible sting even though it is too
light to bruise you badly."

"Maybe but it seems less than the others."

Jean whispered to me, "I doubt if she can take it. I barely could. That little
pipe digs in awfully. Actually the easiest of the pipes is the 3/4 inch one. It
kind of bounces off."

The position he chose for her was different than Jean's. He told her just to
stand up straight and clasp her hands behind her head and not to let go.

I could see why he liked that position. It lifted her breasts to eliminate the
crease under them and in bracing for her ordeal she sucked in her tummy so far
all her lower ribs showed. She looked beautiful.

At "One," he brought the pipe down dagonally across both buttcheeks to make her
yip as a red line appeared.

She began a little dance pumping her hips and twisting her body but I guess that
was allright since she kept her hands clasped. The men really enjoyed seeing her
hips buck and her breasts swaying.

At "Two." he had moved to her other side and breought the pipe down again
diagonally to make a big red "X" with the center of the  x at the ass crack. She
danced again if anything harder.

For the next six he hit across the cheeks now making red triangles. She was now
panting and sheening with perspiration. The red stripes seemed to be glowing
from the wetness.

I really thought she was going to make it.She kept her hands clasped so tight
the knuckles were white but then the pipe made an even louder "Whir!" and "Snap!
as it hit right in the crevice between her buttcheeks and thighs.
She screamed and grabbed the stinging spot with both hands. Suddenly she
realized what she had done and clasped her hands again moaning, "I'm sorry. I'm
so sorry!"

"Too bad. Rules are rules but since you were so close I am going to give you an
option. You may choose an instrument to be used on your belly, breasts, and
crotch."

She moaned, "God. Oh God!" but I knew He wouldn't help her.

Then she sobbed, "I can't take any more with that pipe."

She kind of shuffled over to the display of frontal instruments rubbing her
red buns gently as she went.

The choice was obvious to me and also to her as she picked up the long plastic
flyswatter.

Her positioning was different for that. He had her put her sore buns on the edge
of the table and lean back supporting herself with her hands and then arching
her back to tighten her stomach skin.

 He told her not to move and she did not have to count as he would decide when
and where to hit.

He brought it down with a loud "Whap!" just above her pubic bone. Obviously it
did not hurt as much as the pipe because she just gasped and held the position
for two more beside he belly button and the fourth on it. Her belly looked as if
it was sunburned.

Then he told her to stand up and cup her hands under her breasts to hold them
out and up and not to let go.

He gave her two on each nipple which made her shriek but she didn't let go. She
did squeeze them so hard her fingers sunk in deeply.

Then he said, "Only two more. These will be special."

He had her sit backward in the large conference chair with her legs on the arms
then lean back till her head rested on the floor. She was doing the splits that
made her pussy open obscenely but even that was not enough for him. He had her
stick the edges of her thumbs into the slit and pull the lips open nearly to her
thighs.It reminded me of my gynecology exam.

He told her to take a deep breath then brought the swatter down hard right in
the center of her open slit but he also hit her thumbs which must have helped
because she just gasped and tightened her legs to raise her butt even higher.
The last one made a "Splat!"sound. She laid there kind of pumping her hips until
he reminded her it was all over.

She rolled out of the chair to fall on the floor and began to cry as the
witnesses ran from the room except for me and Jean.

Jean took her salve from her purse and began caressing the welts on her butt
saying, "Don't cry. It will feel better soon."

She sobbed, "I am not crying for that.They have turned me into a masochist! I
was excited by the pain from the flyswatter. Don't you know what that means? I
will want more pain until my body is scarred and ugly so no-one will want to
marry me and get me away from this terrible job."

Jean said, "That is ridiculous! You hated the pipe and a real masochist can't
get enough pain. It is just that the flyswatter was hitting all your erogenous
zones that nature gave you to get ready for sex."

That made sense to me. I was actually considering buying a flyswatter to see if
it would work with me.

Julie brightened a bit saying, "Really? You think it may be normal for me to
react that way? "

"Well I am not sure any of us are normal. I am sure the average girl would not
put up with the humiliation and pain we do but you are at least as normal as the
rest of us."

Julie said, "I had no idea being spanked on my front would be exciting. I had
been afraid I might get enough demerits so I would have to suffer through it but
actually I was really tempted to ask for more.. Do you think he may let me take
my one or two demerits there next time?"

"I kind of doubt it. He is not stupid and I am sure he didn't think all that
liquid on your pussy was sweat."

Julie blushed and said, "Oh God. Was I that obvious?"

"Not really. It is awful hard to tell the difference between an orgasm and pain.
Haven't you noticed the faces guys make when they cum?"

"No. I have never seen a guy cum."

"Oh Jesus. You mean you are both virgins? We will have to do something about
that."

By that time Julie had dressed and they started to leave but I hung back afraid
if I left with them I may ask Jean to come home with me.

I was walking by Mr. Butlers office just as Marie came out looking flushed and
Mr. Butler followed tucking in his shirt.

He said, "Allene. You are still here? Good. Come in I would like to talk to you
a minute."

I walked in wondering if this was when I would lose my virginity but that was
not it.

He went back to sit behind his desk while I stood in front of him nervously.

He said, "Pull your skirt up to your waist."

I said startled, "Why? I haven't done anything wrong."

"I know that. I just want to check something."

I pulled it up blushing furiously then he came to me and reached out to pat my
crotch saying, "Yeah. It is like I remembered. You have a very heavy bush there.
It is kind of like a fur G_string. It has occurred to me that if you should earn
a frontal spanking you would not feel it with that padding."

"Oh I am working hard. I should never get that many demerits."

"That is one of the things I wanted to talk to you about. As you may know I
never warn the girls but I think I should tell you that you are not doing well.
If you continue the way you are now in the two days you have left you are likely
to get a frontal spanking."

Oh God. That meant I already had demerits and I thought everything was fine. I
said, "I am trying hard but there is so much work it is hard to check
everything."

"That is no excuse. It is best to do perfect work and if you fall behind you
should just come to work earlier. But that is not what I wanted to talk about.
To make it fair to other girls who don't have your growth. I want you to shave
your pussy. It isn't just you. I have already dictated a memo to all the
girls.Report to me in the morning so I can see you have followed orders."

I left feeling stunned. I stopped by a drug store to get fresh razor blades when
I saw a beard and moustache trimmer I thought would be better since I wouldn't
have to worry about being cut or razor burn.

When I got home I took off my clothes and looked at my pussy in the mirror. I
didn't think it was so bad. I had seen a lot of girls in locker rooms as hairy
as me and I hated to lose it since It had taken me 20 years to grow it.
It was obvious that if I didn't do what I was told I would be disobedient so I
sat on the toilet with my legs open so the hair could fall in it to be flushed
away and began shaving.

There was a factor I had not thought about. The clipper vibrated and as I ran it
over my pussy I began to get excited and that excitement grew so I continued to
shave long after all the hair was gone even the few hairs around my anus.
Finally I just pushed the side of it into my slit to feel it vibrate against my
clit until I had a great orgasm.

When I got my breath back and got up to look at my self in the mirror I was
shocked. I had not looked like that since I was 8 years old. It even seemed more
sensitive without hair. I could feel a tiny breeze on it.

I went to bed caressing my now very soft and smooth pussy until I came again and
went to sleep.




                                            Allene's Job4

My orgasms that night had made me fall into a deep sleep that was rudely ruined
by my incessant alarm clock. I groggily made it to my bathroom for my shower
when I saw my reflection in the door mirror.

I was amazed at the fact that losing that familiar fur suddenly made me totally
naked. I hadn't seen that tight slit of my puffy pussy so well since I was about
8 years old.

I blushed remembering that today was my punishment day and everyone would see it
like this. I consoled myself with the thought that at least it was a cute pussy
with the tight slit with no inner lips hanging out as I had seen on other girls
in the locker room at school.

I decided to take a tub bath and climbed into it as it was filling. Again I was
amazed at the new sensitivity of my vaginal area. I could feel the warm water
slowly climbing over it and that was enough to make me run my fingers over it
which led to full masturbation. I sunk back into the water after my orgasm and
it felt so warm and nice I went to sleep only to be awakened when my nose
slipped under the water.

I had no idea how long I had slept so I hurried as fast as I could to get ready
for work. When I put on my watch I saw I could still get there in time if I took
a cab rather than the bus.

It was as if God wanted me punished for masturbating. The cabbie went from one
traffic jam to another and when I ran in to the time clock I saw I was fifteen
minutes late which would add another fifteen spanks to an unknown total.

I ran to my desk only to see my Boss who made a point of looking at his watch
and shaking his head at me as if I was a naughty child.

I knew I was in big trouble and it was all I could do to concentrate on my work.
Marie made it no easier when she told me Mr. Butler had said, "She had better
get in here soon or there won't be a white place left on her body."

Finally Mr. Butler came out to put the notice on the board. It said.

             "ALLENE HAS EARNED FOUR DEMERITS PLUS AN ADDITIONAL
             THIRTY FOR BEING LATE"

God!! That meant seventy "spanks" although there was no way you could consider
the frontal stuff spanking. At least I found and error.

Marie!! This isn't right! I was only fifteen minutes late and the letter said
one spank per minute."

"That's an old letter. You should have checked the bulletin board. That has been
change to one spank per minute for first five minutes, two spanks for next five
and three for all minutes after ten."

"Oh God Marie. I can't take seventy spanks!"

"Well, then I guess you will have to resign."

"I can't!  I spent my last dime on my rent. Without my check tomorrow I will
starve! I wouldn't even qualify for unemployment benefits by quitting.!

"Well, then I guess you will have to hope for easy instruments for your
punishment."

The way my luck was running that was not likely and it didn't help seeing the
guys all cheering knowing they would all get a turn with that many spanks.

I went back to my desk with tears running down my cheeks while  I thought of my
coming ordeal.  Since they showed no interest in hitting my back it was obvious
my front would be involved. With ten to each butt cheek and ten to each thigh I
had thirty for the front which meant even my sensitive boobs and pussy would not
be spared.

In a few minutes Mr. Butler waved me in to the conference room. To my surprise
all seven of the men were in there looking at me hungrily.

Mr. Butler said, "Take off your clothes nice and slow. We are in the mood to be
teased. Start by removing your shoes and socks by putting your foot up on the
desk."

They really did want to be teased. By putting each foot on the desk they could
look up my skirt to see my nearly transparent white panties. I sure didn't want
them to be mad at me so I allowed them plenty of time to look as I slowly untied
my shoes and slipped them off and then my stockings.

They were all smiling as Mr. Butler said, "Okay. Now the sweater. Lift it off an
inch at a time."

I wanted to keep them in a good mood so I slowly lifted it up and then stretched
with it over my head. In spite of my embarrassment I appreciated hearing a sigh
as my breasts came into view and bobbled slightly as I pulled the sweater off my
arms.

I continued the slow strip and when I inched down my panties I blushed but
appreciated someone saying, "God! That is the prettiest pussy I have ever seen."

Then I was taken to the center of the room and leather cuffs were buckled around
my wrists and ankles. Then Mr. Butler went over to the wall and began pulling
down on a rope that pulled up my arms. He continued to slowly pull them until I
was on tiptoes and feeling my body stretch.

Again in spite of everything I felt proud when one of the men said, "My God!
That stretching makes her body look fabulous. Her waist has shrunk to make her
butt and boobs look even bigger."

Finally my toes left the floor when they pulled my legs open so far I could feel
my slit open. Mr. Butler opened the door and let everyone in.

My feelings are hard to describe. I was embarrassed and humiliated but at the
same time all those hands caressing me and complimenting my beauty made me proud
and excited. Fear returned when on guy said, Jesus, she really has great stomach
muscles," and a girl said, "Good she may need them to keep the breath from being
knocked out of her." They continued to caress me until suddenly one of the girls
slapped my butt and said, "Let's get on with it."

Evidently Mr. Butler agreed because he let me loose and indicated the box on the
desk containing  the numbers of the instruments of torture.

My bad luck held. I drew the 42 inch straightedge, the long hair brush, the huge
spoon, the 1/2 inch pipe, the fishing pole, a vinyl hose, and the 18" ruler. I
began to cry because I could not imagine any of those terrible things being used
on my front.

Mr. Butler said, " It isn't so bad. Most of those things sting rather than
bruise. Since this is your first time and you have so many I will allow you to
be tied at no penalty if you want to,"

I blubbered, "Oh Yes. There is no way I can stand still for all of those. Please
tie me."

"Okay. The rear first. "

He took me to the center of the room and put on my wrist cuffs then tied them to
the ankle rings so my arms were pulled out and I was bent over with my boobs
hanging down so they could enjoy watching them swing and bob at impact. Then he
put the ceiling rope between my legs and tied it around my waist. When he pulled
up the rope it slid between my pussy lips and ass crack. The slightest movement
made it rub on my clit.

They started with the hairbrush on my left buttcheek. It was awful. It not only
stung but the impact jarred my body to make my boobs jump and that damn rope to
rub my clit. The huge spoon on my right buttcheek seemed to give more impact but
not as much sting.

Then he said, "The 42 inch ruler across both thighs." The sting was awful. I
couldn't help but dance causing my boobs to jump violently and the rope rubbing
my clit and inner lips raw.

He said, "Time for new position."

It was a fantastic relief to get that rope out of my pussy. I was actually
surprised that it was no bloody considering the burning feeling to my clit.

I felt so weak they practically carried me to the conference table where I was
laid on my back with my ankles tied to the legs and then my legs were brought
forward and apart  pulling my butt off the table and my legs open so far I knew
my slit had opened to look totally obscene.

He said, "Five to each inner thigh. Make them close to her pussy."

As bad as the spanking had been this was much worse. I had no idea my inner
thighs were so sensitive. I shrieked and howled which may have brought some
sympathy because they paused a moment to give me a drink of water.

When I calmed a little he said, "Make your stomach tight for the hose."

I don't know why. Maybe the nerves are deeper in the tummy but this was the most
bearable part so far. Not that it did not sting a lot it was just better
somehow.

I can't say that for the fishing pole. Each lash across my boobs seemed to sink
in clear to my ribs and they were soon stinging terribly. When he stopped I felt
the skin tighten on my breasts and realized they were swelling.

I cringed as the mean guy stepped between my legs with the 18 inch ruler.  To my
surprise either he did not hit as hard or my pussy was not real sensitive
because the stings were bearable and the pain actually excited me.  I found
myself lifting my butt to meet the ruler as I panted with the increasing
excitement. By the 8th I was in orgasm and the tenth caused an explosive orgasm.

The man watched me in total awe as I continued to pump my hips and yelled, "This
is unbelievable!  This bitch is getting off on this. Look at her pant and pump
while  she is so wet she is dripping on the table.

Mr. Butler said, "Boys we may have discover a true masochist."

I didn't care what they said. All I cared about was the powerful forces working
on my body. It made masturbation seem like nothing.

They released me and as usual they scattered except for Marie who brought out
her wonderful salve that let my orgasms dwindle slowly.

She said awesomely, "Is it true? Did you really get off on that?"

I said weakly, "  It was awful at first but then when my breasts began throbbing
and the stings from the ruler came so close to my clit I just exploded."

"Wow maybe I shouldn't dread the prospect of a front whipping."

"Well, I know that if I should draw just stingie things I will ask for them on
my front. Anything but inner thighs."

At Marie's next time she only had one demerit and drew the vinyl hose. She
surprised and delighted the guys when she said, "I know you guys like to see my
boobs jump so just this once you can spank them with the hose."

She posed with her hands on her head while they whipped her boobs and I
recognized the pulsation's and panting that signaled her excitement. She proved
it by taking down her hands on the ninth stroke to let them start over

The job is not a problem now. I bought a spell checker for my computer and now
the boss will let us bargain to avoid the inner thigh spankings that hurt so
much.

                                                                 The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





