BDSM Library - Judy




Judy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was raped and she was embarrassed by the fact that she liked it. She decided to go to the church to confess her sin. The Father had his own idea how to save the girl.
                                         JUDY by allene

I knew better than to walk through the park at night but I had shop ped too long
and missed the last bus. Going through the park cut off about five blocks. there
had been some robberies but they had been on dark cloudy nights. That night I
decided it would be alright since it was a beautiful night with a full moon.

	Near the center of the park I had an eerie feeling someone was watching me and
began walking faster but then a big man wearing da rk clothing and a ski mask
suddenly appeared in front of me waving a knife.

	He said sternly, "Don't make a sound unless you want to be cut up. Lay on the
ground and hand me your purse."

	I laid down fearfully and handed him my purse. I was grateful I had made a
down payment to hold a dress I wanted and there was only five dollars and change
in the purse.

	When he found the money he got angry. "What the fuck is this?Five dollars and
forty cents. You better tell me where the rest is hidden!"

	"I don't have any more. If I did I would give it to you.Please don't hurt me."

	He dropped to his knees beside me saying. "You are dressed too good to only
have five bucks. I am going to search you and if I find more I am going to work
you over.

	He began cutting the buttons off my blouse. I began to cry and begged him not
to ruin my clothes.

	I saw his teeth through the mouth hole of his mask when he grinned at me and
said, "Okay Baby. You can take them off for me."

	I started to stand up but he told me to stay down and slide them off. I pulled
off my blouse and he took it from me and felt it looking for pockets. Then I
slid off my  skirt. He continued to grin seeming to enjoy watching me wriggle
around on the ground sliding it off.

	He took it from me and felt it while I said, "See. I don't have any more money.
Please let me go."

	He laughed, "Do you think I am stupid? I know women hide money in their bras
and panties. Take them off."

	"Oh no! Please!  I am a good Catholic girl. No man has seen me naked. I
wouldn't lie to you."

	"Then you must be a virgin too. This will be a new experience for both of us.
Now get them off before I cut them off along with your tits!"

	That really frightened me I took them off hurriedly then laid there blushing to
my toes in embarrassment as I realized the bright moonlight lit me enough to
show my large breasts with their pink nipples and the  sparse hair on my crotch
as if I was under a streetlight.

	Along with the embarrassment I felt guilt. I had gone to a lecture w here we
were told that if attacked we should scream and kick the assailant in the crotch
or stick our fingers in his eyes and  then run. I had done nothing!  I had not
been even been hurt just threatened and had not even tried to run.

	I just laid there on my back with my arms stretched behind my head as ordered
sobbing. I was intensely aware of the cool breeze on my naked body.

	Suddenly he rolled over on me with his left forearm trapping my arms over my
head while his chest crushed my breasts. He said,"You still have a place to hide
valuables."

	I didn't know what he was talking about but then I felt his finger digging into 
my vagina.

	For the first time I really tried to struggle but he was much too big for me. I
felt a little better about myself now that I had tried to fight but then
something totally unexpecte dhappened.  His finger in my pussy began to feel
good. I had never played with my crotch since I was a little girl and my Mom had
spanked me for rubbing it. Guilt again arose when he sa id, "I knew you were a
hot bitch. You are sopping wet."

	Before I realized what was happening he quickly unzipped his pants an d stuck
his penis in me. There was a sharp pain as he drove it through my hymen. A pain
I thought I deserved but then the pain  left and I found I was getting very
excited as it fel tbetter and better until in spite of myself I began pumping to
get even  more of it into me.I felt a wonderful sense of relief from the
increasing excitement just before he got off me.

	He zipped up his pants then grinned as he said, "You should go into
prostitution. You have a real flair for it."

	He walked off as I laid there sobbing with my horrible guilt.I finally gathered
my clothes and hurriedly dressed to run home.

	I didn't know what to do. I knew I should call the police but I was afraid. They
might catch the man and he would tell them I had enjoyed the experience.

	I took a hot shower to wash off the sweat and his and my juices but being naked
reminded me of the excitement and I hurriedl y put on thick flannel pajamas to
cover me from my ankles to my neck and went to bed.

	My vagina felt strange and I used that as an excuse to touch it but then my
touch changed to digging as the excitement arose again until I reached another
climax.

	That brought on more guilt and for days I managed to keep from touching myself
except for quick showers but I couldn't stop my  new awareness of my body. Just
walking or riding the bus I noticed the subtle rubbing of my nipples on my bra
and the seam of my jeans rubbing my vagina.

	I had to do something to get my mind off sex or at least resolve my guilt. I
knew about the Rape Clinic but I didn't think it would apply to me. Those women
had suffered through the experience. My only suffering was embarrassment and
the short sharp pain of losing my hymen. I was afraid to tell anyone about the
experience since they may be able to  tell by my face that I had enjoyed it.

	I finally decided that my best hope was to confess in the privacy of the
confessional at the church. The priest may be able to help me by directing my
prayers or something.

	At the confessional I said, "Forgive me Father for I have sinned.  Last Friday
even though I knew it was dangerous I walked through the park at night and was
raped."   He made me get completely naked then  put his fingers then his penis
in my vagina.I feel horribly guilty. Please help me."

	He began to explain that I should not feel guilty about being raped And
suggested I talk to my Mother or a friend. "I can't do th at. I am alone. Mom
and Dad were killed in a car wreck and my friend wouldn't understand. You don't
understand!  I enjoyed the  rape. I can't get it out of my mind. I should be
punished!  What does the church do to adulterers?"

	"Well in the old days they were flogged but I hardly think that would apply to
you."

	"Yes! That would be just the thing! My Mother spanked me for touch ing my
vagina and I never played with it again. How is it done? Do the Nuns do it? I
know they spank in school."

	"I think we should talk about this in my office. Come with me."  I met him
outside surprised he was so young and nice looking and followed  him to his
office.

	In there he said, "You may be right about needing to be punished but are you
sure? It may be very painful."

	"It should be painful. Otherwise I couldn't forgive myself and neither would
God."

	"You don't know what you are asking for. I have a picture here somewhere to
give you an idea."

	He must have looked at it often because he went directly to a large boo k on a
shelf and opened it to show me the picture. It showed a woman hanging nude
facing us. Her face was contorted in a screa m as a bare chested man in black
pants at her side was holding a whip with several thongs that had hit her back
for the ends t o snap against her lower stomach. There were red lines from the
thongs covering her thighs, stomach and breasts.  Several peopl e were staring
at her avidly.

	It should have been frightening but perversely I felt a twinge at my clitoris.
I blushed then said, "She is naked. I thought it would be done on top of my
clothes."

	"It makes sense to be punished naked. After all you received the pleasure naked
didn't you?"

	I blushed again, "Oh yes. Totally naked but it would be too terrible to be
naked in front  of strangers."

	"This isn't done in public anymore. It would just be you and me in the
sub-basement of this church. Naturally I would have to be there to perform the
whipping as I do for the Nuns so they can atone for their sins. Naturally I
cannot forc e you to do this.Like the Nuns you must agree in order to be saved."

	To be saved was the magic words. Now my guilt was increased by the idea I had
done something that could send me to Hell. If Nuns agreed to flogging for their
little sins I definitely should be whipped even harder for mine.

	"I want to be whipped to be saved. When could you do it?"

	"Any time. Now if you like. No sounds can escape the sub-basement. Noone will
hear us even if you scream but God looks favorably on those who can take thei r
punishment bravely."

	I was afraid if I thought too much about it I would lose my nerve so I said,
"Please do it now."

	He took me to the back of the church and led me down two flights of steps
opening and closing thick wooden doors as he lit gas lamps on the way down. The
flickering light made it seem like a dungeon I had seen in a horror film.

	He opened one more door and led me into a big room then he left me to light
lamps all around the  walls. As it lit up it looked even more like the movie. Th
ere were chains with padded leather cuffs coming down from the ceiling and
walls. with iron rings in the floor to hold ankles,  a table with a winch I
recognized as a rack to stretch people, a T shaped device  Irecognized as
stocks, an X shaped frame with cuffs at all four ends and finally a wall of
various whips, canes, and paddles.

	He came back to me and said, "You may put your clothes on that chair."

	It was time and I became frightened. I gulped and said, "You won't hurt me
terribly will you?"

	"It will hurt but if you are brave you won't scream and you won't need medical
attention."

	I took off my blouse and skirt but as I removed my bra I noticed he was staring
at me.It seemed obscene to show my sex to a holy man and I said plaintively,"May
I  leave my panties on? It doesn't seem right to be so naked in front of a
priest."

	It was a small point. I was wearing white bikini panties that were nearly
transparent and he seemed to understand.

	"Of course. since you are volunteering for punishment you may wear what you
wish as long as it does not interfere with your punishment and you  also may
choose your whip. They are arranged in severity with the least painful on the
left."

	I went over to them and stood there nervously. It seemed strange to h ave to
choose my own punishment. If I chose a whip that didn't hurt it would seem I was
not serious about being saved but at t he same time they frightened me and I
began to wonder if I was brave enough to choose one that would really hurt. The
one at t he far left was obviously not meant for real punishment. It was just a
horses tail that might actually fee lgood. The next was   several leather boot
strings that would sting but not badly. I looked at the one on the far right an
dshuddered. It looked like a leather snake about six feet long and could leave
terrible welts but maybe that is what I should suffer.

	I whimpered, "I can't decide. I don't know how much they will hurt. You choose
one."

	"No. It is your choice. Anything around the middle should be adequate."

	There were eight whips I decided on the third from the left which had six
leather thongs about an inch wide coming out of a handle and about three feet
long. It did not have the tightly braided thongs like the one in the picture he
had  shown me that was next in line but was about the same length.

	I took it over to him and was relieved that he thought it was a dequate when he
said, "That is a good choice for your first whipping. It will cause pain but no
welts. Now you should decide how many lashes. I would suggest thirty to cover
your entire torso and thighs."

	I had assumed I would just be hit on my back. That sounded as if he would hit
my front as well. I whimpered, "You won't hit my front will you?"

	"Don't you think it should be hit? After all it is your front that derived all
the pleasure."

	He was right. I remembered the sensuous feel of his wool sweater on my breasts
and stomach as well as the thrill to my pussy and the squeezes to my butt cheeks
as he gripped them to pul l me into him."

	I blushed as just the memory sent thrills through my body and said, "Yes. You
are right. My butt, breasts and crotch should suffer as well."

	"Fine. I am proud of you. Come over here."

	He led me to the center of the room and told me to buckle cuffs around my
ankles that held my legs apart then to hold out my hands for buckles attached to
a rope going through a  ring in the ceiling. I suddenly realized that I was
being as submissive as I had been for my rape and perversely that was exciting
me. I consoled myself by thinking this was different since it would cause me
pain rather than pleasure.

	He pulled down on the rope to cause a delicious stretch to my body then said,
"You have a lovely firm body. It should withstand punishment eas ily."

	As he said this he was stroking my butt, breasts and tummy made firm by the
stretch . My fear disappeared as excitement rose.It seemed perverse to enjoy
being fondled while naked and tied in front of a man who should be giving me
pain. I whimper ed, "Don' t do that. It feels good. I shouldn't feel good. Whip
me!"

	"Thirty lashes?"

	I felt even more guilty and said, "No. I deserve more! Give me forty."

	He took off his shirt to show his muscular torso and now he looked just like 
the man in the picture.

	He stepped away from me and I heard a "Whir" as the lash flew through the air
then felt a sting as I heard a "Slap!" across my shoulder blades.

	It was nothing like I expected. I had braced myself for terrible pain but there
was just a sting that seemed to radiate through my body to bring thrills to my
crotch.

	Then there evenly spaced stings slowly moving down my back.  Perversely the
stings were exciting me and I was anxious to have them get to my buttocks to
allow the thrill to be closer to my crotch. I simply gasped at each one.

	Finally there was one just at the top of my butt at the waistline of my panties
which  brought a thrill almost immediately to my crotch.   He stopped! I stood
there panting in excitement and moaned,"No. More!"

	He said calmly "In a moment." Then he dropped the whip and came over to me. He
used both hands to pinch together my panties at t he top at front and back then
pulled up on them and sawed the crotch back and forth as they slipped between my
ass cheeks an d  the lips of my pussy. I squealed as the material rubbed against
my engorged clitoris.

	He stepped back looking at my crotch. I couldn't see it because of my big boobs
but I was sure it must look even more obscene than if it was naked with the lips
puffi ng out around the material.

	Then one came across my butt cheeks. It was pure thrill and I felt guilty to
enjoy it and admitted, "It doesn't hurt! Hit harder!!"

	He did but the greater sting just seemed to increase the thrill. As the lashes
moved down my butt I found I was straining to push it out to feel the lash even
closer to my crotch.

	I whimpered as it continued down to my thighs moving away from my crotch.

	He began at the front of my thighs seeming to tease me as it slowly climbed up
to my crotch.

	Just as I was bracing for the ultimate thrill of the next lash that would hit
it I felt frustration as the next one came across my navel. This hurt more and
made me gasp as air was expelled from my lungs.

	He returned to teasing me as alternative lashes worked slowly up towards my
breasts and down to my crotch. I realized that I was working up to orgasm and
this seemed really perverse and brought on more guilt.

	I screamed. "Harder. Make me suffer."

	He began hitting harder but this just seemed to increase the thrill. I looked
down to see the lash moving slowly up my body toward my breasts and down toward
my pussy. Per versely I wanted them to reach my breasts.

	Finally there was a very sharp sting across my breasts with one of the thongs
hitt ing my nipples followed quickly by one diagonally across the face of my
pussy. It really hurt and I am sure if my panties had  not protected my clitoris
it would have been unbearable. Even that brought greater thrills followed by
guilt. I screamed, "Yes. That hurts!  Punish them!"

	The pain was terrible as alternative lashes crossed my breasts and my puffy
cunt lips yet it just seemed to increase the thrill and I actually watched
fascinated, grunting, as my breasts jumped and danced under the lash. I b egan
having orgasms as swea tcovered my body from the lashes and fighting the ropes.

	I reached the ultimate orgasm at the last lash which was brought up from the
floor to cover the whole face of my pussy with a thong entering my slit and the
tip hittin g my anus thankfully protected by my panties.

	I slumped in exhaustion and just slumped to the floor panting as the rope to my 
wrists loosened. I laid on my back relishingthe coolness of the concrete while
he took off my wrist cuffs.

	Without releasing the cuffs to my ankles he said, "Let's see if you still enjoy
fucking."

	He dropped his pants and drove hisdick into me and  pinched my nipples made
sensitive by the lash. He must have been super excited from whipping me because
it was over in seconds .

	He stood up to pull his pants over his now soft penis then said, "Did the
fucking give you an orgasm?"

	I said, "No." ashamed to admit that I may have if he had lasted longer even
though I had already had several.

	He said, "Good. You must be cured. You may take off the cuffs and dress now."

	When I pulled the panties out of my ass cheeks and smoothed the front I noticed
the crotch was sopping wet although he had pulled it out to the side before
entering me.

	I blushed in embarrassment wondering if he had noticed how wet the whipping had
made me.

	"He said, "Good. You are blushing from your nudity. You are definitely cured. "

	To change the subject I said, "How could you fuck me? Didn'tyou make a vow of
celibacy?"

	"The church recognizes that there are times when it is necessary. However, I
will have to do penance because in spite of my good intentions I enjoyed it."

	I thought he was wonderful to sacrifice himself to help me and knelt to kiss
his hand saying, "Thank you for sacrificing yourself  for me."

	"You needed me, my child. I will always be here for you."

	He led me back upstairs and I walked home feeling my skin  tingling and ashamed
I could not admit I had not really been punished.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





