BDSM Library - Birthday Surprise




Birthday Surprise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She told her best friend everything about herself, even her darkest fantasy. Then she got the surprise party where all her fantasies came true.
Birthday Surprise


     It was my birthday and my best friend Ginger knew it. We had been friends
for 10 years and she knew me like the back of her hand, or so she thought. One
night as we were sitting in the local tavern after work we where  started
drinking and before i knew it, i had quite a buzz going. I turned to look at the
door and saw 4 men.....great looking men come in and sit down next to another
guy that Ginger knew. She actually knew him quite well as she dated him for
nearly 6 months. I made the comment that i would like to be taken and screwed by
every one of them, each taking turns. I thought Ginger would drop her teeth! She
looked at me as if she had never seen me before. After a few more drinks she
started asking me to tell her my secret wish or fantasy about these guys. Quite
drunk and not thinking much about it i began to tell her what she wanted to
know.

     I began by telling her that being shy around men it would have to be a
surprise and that i had always had a desire to play the slave role. I was once
auctioned off at the companies Christmas party as a secretary for the day to the
highest bidder, the proceeds going to charity, well i told her that the thought
of being auctioned off for sex made me so horny that i could hardly work that
whole day as a secretary for hire. She asked me if i had ever used any toys to
get myself off before. I told her i only had a vibrator but that i would just
love to try out all there is! Normally i would never have deluged such personal
information but i was feeling no pain and very horny from watching the guys at
the other table.

      It was getting late so Ginger drove me home and told me that I would get
my birthday present on Saturday. I immediately went into the apartment and went
to bed.

      Morning came and at work Ginger cornered me to tell me she had my birthday
present for me. She told me that she had arranged a date for me with Seth, the
guy she had gone out with and knew that i liked. She was going to let me have
her house for the evening, complete with dinner being delivered. I didn't know
that anyone would deliver to her house since it was out in the country. She told
me that Seth would be bringing it with him. the more i thought about it the more
excited i became, not really remembering what i had told her the night before.

      Getting ready for my date on that Saturday, i took extra care on my
appearance, choosing a blouse and skirt to wear. I was glad that i had a nice
tan so i didn't have to wear hose. i chose heals and chose black lace panties.
Nervously i waited for Seth to pick me up.

      I heard a knock at the door and walked over to open it, pausing to take a
deep breath i turned the knob and swung the door open. Hello Dee, he said happy
birthday! I was so charmed, he had on a silk shirt and tie and he had a bouquet
of flowers in his hand. "Hi Seth" He asked me if I was ready to go and i said
yes.

      Driving to Ginger's house we talked about work, friends, just small talk
really then he asked me if i had any ideas of what i would like to do after
dinner. I thought about it for a sec and told him that it was up to him, that i
didn't like making decisions. He gave me a very sly smile and nodded his head, i
thought you might say that. The look he gave me was making me quiver inside and
i was getting very horny.

      We pulled into the lane and drove a quarter of a mile to the house, a very
secluded area gave much privacy and i knew that no one would bother us. we got
out of the car and walked up to the porch when Seth grabbed me and kissed me
passionately, patting me on the rear he took my hand and led me into the house.
There was a coffee table in the center of the room that was set for dinner. Wont
we eat in the kitchen? No dear, i have a surprise in there for you for later he
said. So we sat down to eat. The meal was nice but i couldn't keep my mind on
the meal. He smelled so good and i wanted him so badly that i could hardly wait
for dinner to finish. Putting his silverware down when he was finished he got up
and came over to me, reaching out his hand, he helped me to stand up.

      Standing there in front of him my legs went weak and he led me to the
couch where we sat down. He looked into my eyes and leaned over and gave me a
gentle kiss. Looking back at him he saw the wanting in my eyes and put his arms
around me and kissed me deeply. As he kissed me, his hand slid up my blouse to
caress my breast. He leaned me back and his kisses moved down from my mouth to
my neck to my shoulder. He then started to unbutton my blouse, one button at a
time, slowly, his fingers burning my flesh with his touch. Opening my shirt he
unsnapped my bra, spilling my breasts out for his examination......"Would you
like to try something kinky tonight? at this point i was willing to do anything
he asked so i replied YES....anything! OK then, from now on tonight you are my
slave, you will do whatever i ask, whatever i demand, and you will do it
willingly, understood? Yes i replied. NO, you will refer to me as Master, do you
understand? Yes Master, i understand. Getting into this game, i was so horny
that i was ready to beg for anything he wanted.

      "Get up" he said and remove your clothes. I stood up and slid the blouse
over my shoulders and it fell to the floor with my bra along with it. I then
unbuttoned my skirt and let it fall to the floor. Standing there in my panties i
began to get self conscious and began to blush. "All of it slave" he said, so i
stepped out of them and was completely naked before him. "Walk with me to the
kitchen" and he took my hand and led me in there where the table had leather
cuffs attached to all four legs. "Get up on the table and lay back." "Yes
Master" and I did as i was told. He then took my wrists and cuffed them above my
head and spread my legs open to cuff my ankles. Having done that he came to the
head of the table and began to kiss me, fist gently then passionately. Reaching
down to place his hand on my breast he played with my nipple. Hearing a knock at
the door he stopped and turned to see who it was. "WAIT" i said, don't leave me
like this, naked, please Sir! Seth took out a tablecloth and covered me with it
and left the room.

     Hearing voices in the other room i wondered who it was and what hey wanted.
After a few minutes i heard the door close and Seth came back into the room. A
few friends came by to wish you a happy birthday Dee. I told them you would love
to accept their gifts. You are my slave aren't you? Not sure of what he was
saying i answered Yes Master i am. "Good then" he said and called to them to
come into the kitchen and make them selves at home. Shocked and embarrassed i
didn't know what to say. Laying there on the table, cuffed and naked beneath the
tablecloth, i was not sure what to expect. OK boys, here is the deal. She is my
slave for the night and i am going to auction her off to the highest bidders,
each will have his turn according to who pays the most and each of you will be
able to do whatever you want with her for your fee. When each of you have had
your turn, then the games will begin. A contest to see who can come the
quickest, then who can fuck her the longest without coming  We have all night
with her so we can make some up as we go along. For your use i have supplied a
"toy box" that has many toys inside. You may make her scream but only in
ecstasy, is all this understood? I looked around the room and counted 5 in all,
including Seth. How was i going to please all these men i had no idea. They all
answered a enthusiastic Yes!

      We will start the bidding at 50$ for the first one to fuck her. Cant we
see what we are paying for first one of the guys said. Not for the first one no,
but i will allow you to sample her pussy to see how tight she is. You may each
reach under the cloth and sample her pussy. With that one of the guys came over
and slid his hand under the cloth, placing his hand on my snatch shoved his
finger up inside me, one finger then two, and then three. God she is tight! The
next one did the same and each one sampled the merchandise, commenting on my
tightness. This proved to be a selling point for the bidding went up to 200$
Adam won the bid so he got to be the first. The bidding went on to the second
one. Seth decided that they could see a little of what i had to offer so he
pulled back the cloth, exposing my breasts to them. Nice tits one of them said,
and the bidding proceeded. next Seth removed the cloth completely so i was
completely naked to their stares. after all the bidding was done, payment was
made and the total was 600$.

      Seth brought out a leather briefcase and opened it. Adam, who was to be
first to fuck me took a look inside and selected several things. He brought out
nipple clamps, twine, and a vibrator. Taking the nipple clamps he placed them on
my nipples, pinching them and tightening the down so that they couldn't slip
off, he then attached the twine to the clamp, looped it up and over the overhead
light and then pulled it tight so that my nipple was stretched up where he
attached the other end to the other nipple clamp. Pulling it tight, my nipples
were stretched upward. He then took the vibrator, lubricating it, and
lubricating my asshole by sliding his finger inside, slid the vibrator up my
ass. When it got to the small part of it, he let go knowing that it wouldn't
come out, he turned it on. The vibrations in my ass were turning me on so that i
wasn't  thinking about lying there, spread eagle, naked in front of these men
who were going to fuck me repeatedly all night long. I had always fantasized
about being gang fucked but never would i have thought it would really happen.
He then took hold of my hips and pulled me down so my ass was hanging over the
end of the table, my tits stretched to the limit and the pinching pain in my
nipples was almost more than i could take. Slowly the pain subsided and a
tingling sensation surrounded my nipples, like tiny fingers tickling them. He
then took out his cock and placed it at the opening of my cunt. The others
around the table were really getting off on the scene and started cheering him
on, saying "come on and fuck her man, fuck the bitch!" Adam looked at my pussy
and told me that he was going to fuck me hard, "so hard you will scream you
slut!" having his cock in place he leaned forward and rammed his cock in till it
hit bottom. Pulling out he repeated the movement, ramming over and over. Being
fucked so hard and in front of these men egging  him on was such a turn on to me
that i begged "OH FUCK ME!" this seamed to be all he could stand and he let
loose his cum, his cock throbbing as he spilt his juice inside me. Pulling his
cock out the next one took his place and i was being fucked again. His cock was
slightly smaller than Adams but it was longer and he began to hit my G-spot!
pounding his cock inside and the constant contact with my G-spot made me cum in
a way i have never experienced before. I started screaming "YESSSSSS!!!! Oh God
IM CUMMMMMMING!!!!!!!! He shot his load at that time and we both were shuddering
with orgasmic pleasure. He pulled out and the next one took his turn, and then
the next. Seth was the only one who didn't fuck me, saying he was going to wait
until the time was right.

      lying there on the table, totally spent and naked, cum running down my
ass, Seth came over and undid my cuffs. Releasing the nipple clams my tender
nipples screamed out in pain. I started to take the vibrator out of my ass and
he stopped me, grabbing my wrist he informed me that i was a bad slave, not
having asked for permission first. He told me to get up and leave it in place.
he lead me over to a chair in the livingroom and told me to lean over the arm of
the chair. I said "yes Master" and did as i was told. He then took off his belt
and told me that i was to be punished. Beg for it bitch, beg for my belt! I told
him "please Sir, i want you to spank me." He said i wasn't begging good enough
and with that he slapped my ass with his belt, the sting sending volts up
through my ass as the vibrator still quivered inside of me. PLEASE MASTER, GIVE
ME YOUR BELT! That is better slave, and he slapped my ass again and again. My
ass was turning a rosy red color and was so warm to the touch that he invited
the others to come and feel it.

       Seth then told me to get up and the men were standing in a circle,
telling me to come and clean them off. Sir? i don't understand Master, what do
you want me to do? Crawl over here and suck their dicks until they are all
cleaned off he said. Crawling to the first one i got up on my knees and my face
was pressed against his limp wet cock. Take it in your hand and put it in your
mouth bitch, he said. reaching up i took hold of it and placed it in my mouth.
revolted by the thought of sucking all their cocks i started to shake. I don't
think she likes this very much, one of them said, so he walked over and reached
around behind me and grabbed hold of my nipples and started to roll them in his
fingers. My tender nipples were so sore from the nipple clamps that i forgot
about the blowjob i was giving and concentrated on the feeling in my breasts.
Much better slave, he said, so he continued the nipple stimulation until i was
done with  the cock i was blowing. From the blowjob i had just given, he was
hard again and ready to fuck me again. Seth stepped in and said "no, she isn't
done with her work here, there will be plenty of time, so i went to the net cock
and then the next, until they were all cleaned off and ready for more.

      Seth instructed me to go into the bedroom and lie down. Yes Master i said.
Rising, i walked slowly into the bedroom, holding the vibrator in my ass by
squeezing my butt cheeks together. I laid down on the bed and waited for what
was next......

      The men came into the room and stood around the bed. Looking down on me
they all started to laugh....."Man is she ever gonna be sore tomarrow" one of
them said. "Yeah, she will be feeling cock in that cunt for weeks. Adam told me
to get up and he laid down on the bed sideways. He then told me to get up and
straddle him, so i climbed up on the bed and sat with my legs straddling his
cock. Then my wrists were tied to the bed posts and my ankles also making my
legs spread as wide as they would go. One of the guys got in behind me and said
"I like the view back here." He then walked around to the front and attached the
nipple clamps again and added thin leather straps to the clamps. Releasing them,
they hung down and i wondered what he was going to do with them. He walked back
around to get behind me and pulled the didldo out of my ass. Adam grabbed my
hips and shoved his cock inside my cunt until it was in as far as it would go. I
then felt a finger slide up my ass and then the guy behind me placed his cock at
my ass opening and shoved it in. I screamed, not ever having a cock in my ass
before i thought i would be split in two. "God is it ever tight" he said and
then laughed. He reached under and took the straps in his hand and told me that
he was going to ride me so i was to act like a bitch horse. "If i pull to the
right, then you move your ass to the right, if i pull to the left, then you move
your ass to the left, if i pull back then you squeeze your ass tight, do you
understand? Yes i said. CRACK, i felt a stinging blow to my ass.....YES WHAT you
slut? CRACK again and i saw a wooden paddle in his hand. Yes Master i said,
tears of humiliation rolling down my face. CRACK again, DONT FORGET IT AGAIN.
Yes Master i said. He put the paddle down and came around to stand at my face.
He then took my head in his hands and guided his cock to my mouth. SUCK ME SLUT.
Please Sir.......then i felt the cock in my ass slide out and he then rammed it
back in. DO IT he said. So i opened my mouth to have the third cock invade my
body. Three cocks all at once! i never thought it possible. they all started
fucking me with a rhythm and then i felt my left nipple being pulled so i moved
my hip to the left. He then pulled the right nipple and i moved to the right.
Next i felt a snap on my nipples and then a flash of pain shot through them.
HeHeHeHe i knew these little bee stinger toys would come in handy! snap again
and another shot of pain, but now it was melting into a very erotic feeling. God
i was loving being fucked and used and tortured in this way. i glanced over and
saw a video camera and realized that they were taping my being fucked. This
turned me on even more and i really started to perform for the camera. Cocks
pounding my cunt, face and ass and the snapping of my nipples sent me into the
most explosive orgasm of my life. My body started shuddering and they kept
pounding and snapping which sent me into a second orgasm. Climbing higher into
the orgasm, i didn't think i could take anymore when the cock i was sucking off
blew his wad down my throat. Swallowing and sucking he pulled it out and the two
cocks still inside me were pounding  hard and fast and the one guy that i just
finished sucking off took the straps away form the guy who was fucking my ass
and began pulling on them. My nipples were stretched out and up and with my
hands and feet tied up i couldn't do anything but ride out the rape of my used
and abused body. They both spilled there cum at the same time with one last deep
thrust, grinding their cocks inside as deep as possible. A snapping of my
nipples one last time sent me over the edge again and i had another orgasm. Adam
slid out from under me and the cock in my ass slid out, and i was on my knees
tied to the bedposts, all alone on the bed. Seth took the video camera and
walked very slowly around me. taping me naked and used, stopping to take full
advantage of my open and exposed pussy. Coming around to my face he zoomed in on
my reddened nipples, clamps and straps still in place. Blow me a kiss for the
camera my little slut, so you will have a birthday keepsake. Tired, used, sore
and completely fucked, i blew him a kiss and he told me, "what do you say slut?"
"Thankyou Sirs." "Did you like your birthday present slut?" Oh yes , i did.
Crack! across my ass......you didn't say YES MASTER! Yes Master i did, a smile
coming across my face.

       The guys got dressed and started to leave when they turned around to take
one last look at me naked and tied, "next time you have a fantasy, you will call
us wont you?" Only if my Master allows it i said. They left and i was alone with
Seth, standing, looking and he said, im very pleased with your performance
littleone. He came around and untied me and climbed up on the bed with me where
i fell into his arms, spent and exhausted. I fell asleep in his arms wondering
why he hadnt taken me like the others. I heard him whisper as i drifted off to
sleep that he would take me shopping to spend my hard earned money and
then........well, that is another story.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





