BDSM Library - Doctor Joe




Doctor Joe
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She wanted complete slavery and her husband couldn't satisfy her. She found Dr. Joe and his sister who promised to make her life either orgasmic or Hell.
                                               Doctor Joe by Allene

                                                    Doctor Joe 1
                                                   ***********
I received the invitation from Doctor Joe by e-mail. His description of my life
with him excited me beyond belief. I knew I had finally found the man who would
make me a complete slave.

My husband went along with my need for domination but he just did not understand
that I wanted complete slavery not just the occassional spanking and whipping to
excite him.

I wrote back to tell him I would accept his rules and the next day I received a
plane ticket to his town.I left a note to my husband telling him I loved him but
I had found someone else and not to look for me.

Just to make sure I was totally committed I packed no luggage and just dressed
in a simple dress, panties and bra. I left all my ID, charge cards and money at
home except for twenty dollars for the drinks on the plane to quell my
nervousness.

He met me at the airport. They were an imposing couple much taller than my 5'4"
They both gave me a hug then he said, "This is your last chance Allene.As you
know from my letter your life from now on will be either orgasmic or Hell. If
you can't accept that I will put you back on the plane."

"Oh no. I accept completely. I have severed all my ties so you can do anything
you wish."

His sister said, "Not just him. Me as well."

"Yes. If he wants that."

On the way to the car she said,"You are not what I expected. You look so
innocent and fragile but you have a proud look that you will lose."

I doubted that. I was very proud of my beauty and courage. I did two hours of
aerobics everyday to keep my waist, butt and legs taut and was sure there would
be nothing new except for the promise of branding. I had offered to let my
husband brand me but he had refused and even nipple rings that would have been
handy for reins when he had me pull him around in a ricksha

The car was big and had black windows. She got into the drivers seat and he put
me in the back seat and sat next to me. It was obvious I was trapped when she
hit a switch to lock the doors and I noticed the door locks and window controls
were missing from the rear seat area.

He said, "From this point on you will refer to me only as Doctor or Master and
my sister only as Mistress. You will never be able to use the word 'No' and any
slip will will bring punishment. Now take off all of your clothes including the
shoes. From now on you will only wear clothing of my choosing when I feel it is
necessary."

I didn't think things would happen so fast but I took off my clothing proud when
he looked at my nude body and smiled.

"Now your first duty will be to show your humility by taking down my pants to
give me one of the blowjobs you talk about in your stories.

"Oh yes Doctor. I will do my best."

"I know you will because I am going to be whipping your ass with this quirt
until I cum."

That just thrilled me and I undid his pants so he could lift his butt so I could
slide them down to his ankles.

I laid down on the seat with my breasts on his hairly leg. As soon as I was in
position he started hitting me to cause sharp pains to my cheeks. I wanted him
to know I would willingly accept his pain so I teased him by just kissing and
licking his balls then lifting them to let my tongue slide on his rectum.This
frustrated him and the stings moved from my buttcheeks to the crack of my butt
to sting my pussy and anus awfully.I knew I wouldn't want that pain for long so
took his dick in my mouth to let my tongue swirl around it and then into my
throat knowing the throat contractions when I gagged was very pleasurable to men
Usually that would get Hubbie off in a couple of minutes but he seemed to last
forever and my ass pussy and anus became just a mass of pain that seemed to go
deep into my body.I was in orgasm at first but as it went on it turned into
sheer agony and I used every trick in my book to get him off.When his dick
finally started jumping in my mouth as semen shot down my throat I was a mass of
pain.

I was glad it was over, but proud when he said,"Quite good for the first time.
As time goes on I will teach you little nuances that will add to my pleasure."

I looked up at him and smiled happy that he was pleased with me which was proven
when he pulled me up to kiss me and hug to mash my breasts to his chest.

It wasn't over. His sister pulled the car over to the side of the road and
said,"My turn."

I had expected to have to serve his sister but not this soon. She got into the
back seat and opened her wraparound skirt to show me the hairiest pussy I had
ever seen. I am hetereosexual and was not fond of eating pussy but hair seemed
to make it even more gross.

She had me lie on my back with my legs up and open then said, "I thought I would
try our latest instrument It is simply a spring steel wire dipped in vinyl but I
think you will find it very effective."

She squatted over my face then said, "Stick out your tongue as far as it will
go. I intend to fuck it as if it was a prick."

I did as she said and she sunk down mashing her hairy cuntlips into my mouth
and driving my nose into her asshole.Then she started hitting my front all over
but concentrating on my breasts and pussy That whip was truly evil It made
terrible sharp stings that I was sure would cut my skin.I am not sure what was
worse the pain of that terrible instrument or the asphyxiation whil she squirmed
on my face cutting off all air. I began licking and sucking frantically to get
her off but she wasn't satisfied with one orgasm she went for more as I thought
I would surely die.

When she finally crawled off of me I looked down to see maroon stripes all over
but my pussy was totally maroon and swollen. The pain and aching seemed to go
deep into my guts making me feel nauseous.

She also kissed me and said I did well but that was little consolation.This
session had been much too severe to let me get orgasmic and I had second
thoughts.This was just the first hour of the rest of my life and I began to cry.

They just ignored me for the rest of the ride while they talked.That was
frightening. She said, "She did much better than I expected. My girls would
faint from that much punishment."

"Yes. She told me she was tough and had a lot of courage but she is even better
than I had hoped. It will be interesting to see what it will take for her to
faint."

"Oh yes. I think we will be able to give a fair test to all our instruments in
the dungeon.Maybe we can use her in our advertisments. Showing exactly the
effects of each instrument."

"Yes with her body and beauty that should really sell things."

Finally we arrived They were obviously rich considering the huge home.I knew my
work was cut out for me when I was told, "It is your duty to keep this place
spic and span If we find dirt or dust anywhere you will be punished."

Then they showed the only trace of compassion when Doctor said, "It is late and
you must be exhausted." He took me to a bedroom with a huge bed and I laid down
on the only part of my body that didn't hurt. My side. I heard their voices
murmuring in the next room as they planned further things to do to me.I was
beyond caring I fell to sleep.




                                                       Doctor Joe 2
                                                      ***********
I woke up the next morning and out of habit reached for my robe. Naturally it
wasn't there and I suddenly remembered where I was. Doctor was still asleep and
I went to a mirror to see the damage to my body. I saw that Doctor had been much
kinder.My butt was back to normal but my front was covered with skinny purple
lines from that nasty whip. I traced the welts with my fingers amazed with my
recuperative powers Only my pussy was still very sensitive.

then I remembered the duties he had described. I went to the kitchen and made
breakfast and put it in the oven to stay hot then returned to the bedroom and
carefully pulled down the covers. He was naked and snoring lightly with his legs
open so I crawled between them and gently began licking his balls and dick Even
asleep his dick began to harden and I took it in my mouth to let my tongue swirl
around the head.

He awoke moaning,"Oh yes." I looked up at him to see him smile and began bobbing
my head on it as I licked. Suddenly he said, "Enough. I haven't fucked you yet.
Get up and slide your pussy over it."

I straddled him and let myself down on his now ridgid dick. I love being on top
because I am free to move to make the dick move the way I want. He reached under
his pillow and took out a leather strap to slap my bobbing boobs. This only
added to my excitement and as I pumped I watched the strap making my tits swing
and flatten under the lashing. They became redder and redder and i could feel
them beginning to swell. As we became closer to orgasm he hit faster and harder
concentrating on my stinging nipples until we exploded in orgasm.

When he came without being told I began licking our juices from his dick and
balls and then when he raised his butt also cleaned our juices from his anus.

His dick began to rise again and I thought he might fuck me again but he
said,"Enough for now. Is Breakfast ready?"

I said it was so he led me to the kitchen and sat down at the table so I could
retrieve the scrambled eggs, pancakes, and bacon from the oven. He had me kneel
beside him and then fed me off his plate as if I was a dog. When a little syrup
dripped on my red boobs he had me raise up and licked it off. That felt
wonderful and I thanked him then sunk back to my knees for more food.

When he was full.he said, "That was a nice breakfast but there are no napkins."

"I know I am sorry. I couldn't find them."

"That is no excuse. You should have looked harder. They are in the dining room
cabinet. Get me one."

I would never have found them it hadn't occurred to me to go to the formal
dining room. I brought one back to him and he said,"You realize you were
derelict in your duties and must be punished."

I gulped and ssid "Yes Doctor." wondering how awful it would be.The severe
treatment I had received the day before was not even punishment for a sin.

I was relieved when he said."Get over my knees for a hand spanking." since I
knew he could not hit terribly hard without hurting himself.

I got over his knees pushing up my butt with my toes and he began spanking but
as I had guessed the sting and tingle just excited me and when he told me to
open my legs it became more exciting when he let the tips of his fingers hit my
pussy to jerk open the lips. I was disappointed whren he stopped just short of
my orgasm.

He said, "We are going on a tour. Go to the hall closet and put on the elastic
panties and bra and the thongs for your feet."

 I went there and was surprised to find a bra and panties that would cover me
completely.I kind of enjoyed the feeling of vulnerability being naked brought
me.

I went back to him and he said,"Good.They are tight enoughto mold you."

I had looked in the mirror and knew what he meant. There were bulges at my
nipples and my puffy pussy lips.

He said "I want your skin to stay sensitive." and led me over to a big bowl of
Cockle burrs. He pulled out the panties to stuff them in as I gasped from the
feeling of thousands of little needles digging in to my pussy and then my butt.
Finally he filled the bra and I gasped again as he spanked my pussy, butt and
breasts to even them out.

He led me out the door and every step caused the burrs to move and puncture to
keep me in a constant state of excitement.

He led me over to a building and when he opened the door I gasped in fear. It
was a dungeon much like the pictures I had seen of the Spanish Inquistion
There was a forge with branding irons, a whole wall of various whips and
paddles, a rack that would stretch me, chains to hang me from and a wheel I
could be bound to to put me into a severe back bend.

As I stared at all the things that would hurt terribly his sister arrived. She
looked at me disapprovingly and said, "Why have you given her the luxury of
clothing."

He grinned and said,"It is no luxury. Look."

He pulled the front of my panties to show the abraded skin of my pussy.

She said,"Oh. Good idea. I was wondering why you were spending all that time
gathering cockleburrs. It should make her real sensitive."

"Oh yes after wearing these a while even the lightest whipping should cause
agony."

"She looked at me for a moment then said,"Let's make her even more sensitive."

She went to the wall and brought back two leather paddles about 4 inches wide.
She held them out to me and said, "You will keep your hands on your head while I
spank you with this paddle. If you move your hands I will use this."

She showed me the second paddle and I moaned.It had gobs of little nails
protruding from it. I knew it would cut me to shreds and resolved to stay in
place no matter how bad it was.

When I was in position she began spasnking my ass the needles drove in to cause
agony for ten spanks then she moved to my front and began spanking my breasts.
He had made sure the burrs were clumped at my nipples and it was even worse.I
managed to keep my hands on my head but I was dancing form the pain. She had me
open my legs and began spnking my pussy. The burrs were driven into my slit to
rip at the tender inner lips and my clit to make tears fom my eyes run down my
cheeks and on the bra.

She finally stopped and said,"Let's see what that did."

she jerked off my bra and slid down my panties to make me gasp. I looked down to
see blood oozing from my poor boobs and pussy and knew my butt had to be the
same."

There was no sympathy she just said, "Great. She will be super sensitive for her
demonstration to our guests."

"Yes but for now I think she is exhausted look at the sweat dripping from her
body. I am going to take her back to the house to wash her up and let her take a
nap to be fresh for our guests."

I looked forward to that. The salty sweat was causing even more of a stinging
sensation.

The wash was not the cooling sensation I hoped for. He got a big bottle of
rubbing alcohol and slopped it on me with a sponge. I felt lie I was on fire and
danced and screamed until finally the stinging stopped to be replaced by cooling
as the alcohol dried.

I felt weak and he carried me to the bed. I moaned, "Will the demonstration be
real bad? I don't know if I can take anymore pain."

"You don't have any choice. You came here fully warned you would be taken to
your limits and I intend to do so. Only fainting will stop your ordeal."

I moaned knowing my slightly high blood pressure would keep the blood going to
my head. He left me but I couldn't go to sleep for a long time in spite of my
exhaustion as I imagined all the terrible things that could be done to me in the
dungeon.

He woke me much later and did a surprising wonderful thing. He took me to the
shower and lovingly washed every inch of my body. Then he took a tweezers and
jerked out the few stray hairs he found on my pussy and anus.

He handcufrfed my hands behind my back and said,"Your food is in the kitchen.Not
too much because I don't want you to throw up."

he attached a clamp with a lead to my nipples and led me to the kitchen where I
saw a water bowl and food bowl on the floor.It was very humiliating but I was
hungry and thirsty so I sunk to my knees and lapped up the food and water. I
know it was beef stew but it looked so much like dog food it added to my
humiliation.

As I ate he said the guests will be here soon. I expect you to be courageous. I
don't want you to protest anything they want. If you do your punishment will be
much worse.

I couldn't imagine how it could be much worse but didn't doubt him. I only
regretted the wait that would fire my imagination to instill even more fear.




                                                          Doctor Joe 3
                                                          **********
I heard a buzz then Doctor went to the wall to take out a key and turn a switch.
He said, "I just opened the electric gate for our guests.In case you ever decide
to try to escape keep in mind the entire fence is electrified and the gate will
only open with a key."

"I won't try to escape.I told you I was willing to be tortured to death if that
would please you. Who are the guests."

"They are wholesalers that distribute our instruments worldwide.They come here
on occasion to test our newest implements. They will r4eally enjoy testing them
on someone as lovely as you. Our other slaves are not as attractive as you."

He put alligator clamps on my nipples with leashes and led me outside. They were
very effective. the slightest tug would move me quickly from the sharp pain of
the teeth digging into my nipples.

The limo was stuffed with men. They got out and immediately came to me.There
were hands all over me testing the firmness of my breasts, tummy and butt.I felt
proud when they said I was pretty especially since that made Doctor smile.

One of the men said."Interesting leads. May I."

Doctor said, "Of course." and handed him the little dog leads.

He put one in each hand and pulled my tits up,around and apart stretching my
nipples and laughing as I swung from side to side trying to lessen the pull on
one or the other.

Doctor said, "Let's go in the house for drinks and I will give you our latest
brochure."

Thankfully that stopped the man from playing with me and I was led into the
house with a minimum of jerking. When I was in the house the man with my leads
said,"Heel." I hadn't been trained in this but I knew what he meant and dropped
to my hands and knees to stay close to his legs for the trip to the bar room.

Doctor made drinks for all but me then the man with my lead sat on the couch
looking at the brochure while stroking my hair as if I was a dog.

"He said,"I am interested in your new rack with a manual winch. As you know I
had to take back some of the ones with electric winchs because the control was
not sensitive enough and some slaves ended up with dislocated shoulders."

Doctor said, "Yes. I am sorry about that. I didn't realize that boat winch was
so powerful but you have to admit the Dom was not very careful."

"Be that as it may. At least if they do it now it will be their fault. One
stupid bastard just turned it on and left it and it tore the girls arms
completely off. He had a real mess on his hands."

Another man said, "I want to try out your new Cat O Nine tails. I understand it
will not cut as easily."

Doctor said, "Yes. We have removed the sharp lead tips. Now they have either a
lead ball on the ends or just knots."

"Great I will try them both."

Another said, "My selection of canes is not adequate I see you have added some
to your line."

"Yes. You should remember they are only to be used on the fleshy areas of the
butt and thighs. If used on the stomach or lower back they can cause internal
damage."

"Of course. Not on the pussy?"

"Oh yes but they will cause a great deal of bruising and swelling."

"That is what I like about them. There is nothing tighter than a swollen pussy."

Another said, "I see you have added some pussy whips."

"Yes from simple leather bootlaces which only sting to steel cable that will
lacerate badly."

"I don't think many of my customers would go for the latter. They are just in
for the thrills."

"True but there are some snuff film producers that want the worst. We send quite
a few to Germany and Japan."

The man caressing my hair said the idea of this slave under the whip has made me
hard.May I?"

"Of course. You should all be serviced before the demonstration to keep your
mind on business."

All six of them began shedding clothes and I knew I was in for the gang bang of
my life. While I sucked one another would be fucking my cunt or asshole and at
one time I had a dick in my ass, my pussy and mouth at the same time. The men I
sucked enjoyed pulling out to shoot their cum on my face and breasts to further
humiliate me.

When none could get hard again Doctor told me to wash up then come out to the
dungeon.

I think I would rather have been dragged out there by my nipples. It took all my
courage to walk out there willingly rather than forced.

When I arrived the men were inspecting things with various whips in their hands.
The man who had been tormenting my nipples said, "Oh she is here.. Should we
test the rack?"

Doctor said, "Yes and you can see how effectively it holds her for the whips."

The man said, "Face up or down?"

Doctor said,"I think up. Some of you are holding pussy whips and that will give
the greatest access."

The man jerked on my leads to lay me on the rack then my ankles and wrists were
buckled to cuffs.My legs were pulled out so I looked like a "Y"

He began turning the winch with an ominous clicking sound. At first it was kind
of a pleasant feeling to be stretched but then my hip and shoulder joints began
to hurt awfully. Doctor said, "That is enough.. See how her shoulders are
reddening. If they should turn purple it will mean her shoulders are dislocated
and I want her to have the use of her arms for her chores."

One of the men said,"The stretch sure makes her body look great."

I looked up at the mirror on the ceiling. It was amazing. I looked almost like a
wasp. My waist had shrunk so much you could easily count my ribs and my hip
bones were standing out.

Thankfully they started with the lesser whips so I was able to become excited.
By the time the cat was leaving polka dots on my inner thighs from the lead
balls I was in orgasm and the pain only made them greater.They finished with
canes to my pussy to make it one big puffy bruise.

When they released me I was too weak to walk so two of them just grabbed my arms
and dragged me over the dirt,burrs and gravel to the house making my stomach and
pussy like one huge floor burn.

They just left me lying on the floor sobbing while they filled out their orders.

When they were ready to leave one man said,"Would you believe I am horny again?"

Another man said, "She has had it. It would be like fucking a corpse."

"that's okay. I have never tried necrophilia."

He just unzipped his pants and dropped on me. My pussy was so swollen he had to
lunge into me which made me scream and his wool suit felt like sandpaper on my
abraded skin. Thankfully it was over soon and he wiped his dick off on my face
then joined the others leaving.

When Doctor came back I was still sobbing and whimpered, "I came here to be your
slave. I did not know I would be used this way."

Then you didn't read my letter carefully. I said we would use you for
demonstrations."

"Yes but I thought you would do it. Not a lot of strangers."

"Get used to it. You sold a bunch of material and I will no doubt use you again.
However I am grateful for the huge order so We will limit your pain to just the
things that will excite you for a few days"

I was glad he didn't know I had orgasms while on the rack.

Then again he revealed his dual personality by picking me up and carrying me to
his huge tub for a cool bath where I was gently washed until the swelling and
redness had gone leaving only the bruises that no longer hurt.

He helped me out of the tub then carried me to a massage table and began
massaging me with fragrant oil.It felt so wonderful I said, "Oh this is
wonderful It makes all the pain worthwhile."

"Yes. You deserve a reward. I was very proud of your courage to get on that rack
in spite of your obvious fear and in taking all that pain without begging for
release."

"I am so glad I pleased you.You have given me so much pleasure with this
massage.Let me pleasure you."

""Oh and how do you plan to do that?

"I will show you.Take off your clothes and sit on the big chair."

I planned something that proved to Hubby that I was a true love slave.

When he was in position I crawled to him dragging my tingling nipples on the nap
of the wool rug then pulled on his legs to get his ass on the edge of the seat.I
kissed and licked his inner thighs until I was high enough to lift his balls and
lick and tongue his anus then licked his balls and up the shaft of his now hard
dick watching his face to see his obvious pleasure.Then I licked and kissed the
head before putting it into my mouth to let my tongue swirl around it.He put his
hands on the back of my head so I knew he wanted more so I let it slip deeper in
my mouth to do the little yawn that let the head slip into my throat. Then I
sucked and swallowed knowing the contractions of my throat would give him deep
pleasure. I kept it up until I felt his dick jumping as his semen shot down my
throat and swallowed greedily grateful he had not added humiliation by shooting
on my face.

He moaned,"That was wonderful. The least I can do is reciprocate."

He sat me on the chair and began licking my pussy.It felt wonderful but I
thought it was not right for a Master to humiliate himself that way so I pulled
up on his shoulders so he could drive his dick into my sensitive pussy.

It was so soon after his monstrous orgasm it took him a long time to cum again
so I was able to get a nice orgasm.

Afterwards we just idly caressed each other as he quizzed me about the ordeal I
had gone through. I finally admitted that since they had started with lesser
pain at first I was able to get to orgasm.

He said,"I wondered about that. "It is often hard to tell extreme pain from
orgasm I will keep that in mind."

He decided it was time for bed and after my day I fell into a deep sleep.




                                                           Doctor Joe 4
                                                          ***********
The next morning I awoke and got up to make breakfast. Just as I was putting it
in the oven Doctor walked into the kitchen wearing just his shorts to show his
muscular body. I immediately knelt to let him know I was in my slave status.

He said, "You are late. I was forced to awaken without the feel of your tongue
and lips."

"I know Doctor, I am sorry I overslept. I suppose I must be punished."

"Yes of course and the instrument you are holding should be ideal."

I was holding a spatula with holes and a long handle to avoid being burned by
the gas flame of the stove.I said,"Oh this will sting.. How many do I have to
take."

"I understand your being tired enough to oversleep so only six. I wish to see
your tits moving so bend over to hold on to the edge of the table. At each
impact jerk forward then jerk back for the next."

I bent over as asked. There was no problem jerking forward as the sting to my
buttcheek was really severe but it took some will power to jerk back for the
next. My tits were in constant motion as the stings deepened to the point tears
came to my eyes.

When he finished he said,"The spatula made interesting marks. Go to the mirror
and look."

I went to the mirror and said, "Oh my butt is red with darker red polkadots."

"Yes. Is it tender?"

I felt the slightly raised dots with my hands and said, "Oh yes. Very tender."

"Good. Go to the front door and get the welcome mat."

He had me put it on the hard kitchen chair and then told me to sit on it. I let
myself down very slowly but even then as my buttcheeks fkattened on it the
needles of the stiff straw mat seeemed to dig in deeply. He ate slowly enjoying
the winces on my face when I made the slightest movement but the worst thing was
having to get up to freshen his coffee after a few sips only to have to sit on
it again to bring back my torture.

Finally he finished and said, "I kind of like the look of your polkadotted butt.
Would you like matching ones on your breasts and tummy?"

I knew the spatula on my more tender and erogenous breasts would be thrilling so
I said,"If it will please you Doctor."

"Good. Clear the table and lean backwards over it."

I pressed the center of my buttcheeks into the table then leaned back to hold on
to the edges of the table. I felt my breasts flatten and my tummy elongate.I
realized he would be able to hit nearly every inch of my breasts and tummy.


He did it very methodically covering each breast one at a time. The stings were
worse than my ass but it was also more exciting. the worst was the last two
where he aimed carefully to make a hole fall on each nipple. Then he began
working down my tummy carefully spacing the dots. At the one on my pubic bone
that made me tense he said,"If you open your legs enough I can dot your pussy.
By then I was so excited I did the splits and the spatula brought one sharp
sting after another until I went into orgasm.

He simply dropped his shorts and drove into my swollen pussy to maintain my
orgasms. When he came I slid off the table to lick all of his and my juices from
his dick and balls.

He helped me to my feet and led me to the couch where we hugged and kissed. We
then laid back while he caressed the hundreds of dots until the phone rang. He
talked for awhile then said,"My sister is coming with her pony girls You have to
see this."

He led me outside where the cool breeze felt wonderful on my still stinging body
and in a few minutes I saw two naked girls pulling his sister in a cart. I heard
"Crack" as she used a whip on their butts to make them go faster.

When they were near us I saw the girls breasts jump upwards as she stopped them
and saw reins going over their shoulders that were attached to hooks in their
nipples. Obviously she could turn them by pulling on one set of reins and stop
them by pulling on both.

Doctor said, "Go look at the cart. It is her own design."

I went over to see the girls had their outer wrists taped to their thighs and
the inner hands taped to a ring that held up the tongue of the cart but would
not allow them to pull on it.

I went closer and saw there were two hooks in each breast connected to heavy
fish line going to the cart and two more on each pussy lip going between their
legs to the cart. It was obvious the cart was being pulled only by the hooks
which were all dripping a little blood.

She had obviously run them hard as they were panting and covered with sweat. I
shuddered at what would happen when the cart hit ruts or rocks.

She came to me and said, "Great invention huh? I gave them a break by filing off
the barbs on the Tuna hooks because removing them was causing too much blood
loss."

She noticed my polkadotted body and said to Doctor, "Interesting pattern. What
made that?"

"Sometimes simple things are good. It was caused by the spatula with
holes.Fortunately our customers don't know they can get very effective
instruments cheaply at kitchen supply and hardware stores."

"Very good but if you had hit harder you could have given her blood blisters
that would last a long time."

"She suffered enough at the demonstration. Come in and look at all the orders we
have."

We went inside and she was impressed. "Damn that must have been a great demo.
Sorry I missed it but as you know I had to go buy more leather. Oh that reminds
me.. I came to show you a new whip our designers came up with. I would like to
test it on her."

"No I am giving her a break for a few days. Use it on one of your pony girls."

"Ah They are so tired they wouldn't really appreciate it and besides it takes
too long to unharness them. It is just a fun whip I'll show you"

She went to the cart and came back with a many thonged whip with thongs tapering
from a half inch to a point.

It didn't look too bad but I knew in her hands it could be very painful.

Doctor said, "It looks interesting but no."

While they argued I thought since Doctor was feeling charitable to me this could
be my opportunity to humiliate her.I had no qualms about humiliating a femdom.

I said," It might be alright if she made up for the pain by licking my pussy
afterward."

"She said, "No way. I will not humiliate myself by eating a slave. They are here
to eat me."

I smiled when Doctor said, "Ok no eating no whipping."

She said, "Shit. Okay but only if she is bound for it."

It excites me to be bound and helpless so I said, "That is alright with me."

She gave me an evil grin and said,"Okay I will get my box."

Doctor said, "You have made a mistake. Her bondage may be worse than the
whipping."

"I don't care. It will be worth it to see her humiliate herself by licking my
pussy and anus.Just make sure she does a good job."

She came back in carrying a cardboard box and took out a roll of duct tape. She
taped my wrists behind my back then taped my elbows together to make me push out
my breasts. She went to the closet and brought out a bar with ankle cuffs to
pull my legs open.

I thought that completed the bondage but she led me under the opening between
the dining room and living room and I looked up to see hooks in the board above
me and other hooks in the side walls.

I became frightened when she came back with two huge fish hooks attached to
heavy fish line. I began to whimpoer realizing they would be stuck in me.

She was not even decent enough to push them through quickly. She pulled out my
nipple and placed the point to slowly twist and push it until it popped through
the other side creating agonizing pain. Then she did the other nipple to make me
cry but she still wasn't done. She put a hook in the center of each pussy
lip.Which to my surprise did not hurt as much as the nipples and ran the lines
over the hooks to lift and separate my breasts and pull my pussy lips up tight
to my thighs.

I stood ther in agony as they argued over how many lashes I should get. She
wanted thirty but finally settled for eighteen with six to each breast and six
to my pussy.

Actually the whip was not that bad. the killer was the fact that each lash would
jerk at the hooks to tear out the hole even larger.

Finally she finished and went down on me. Incredibly she was so good at eating
pussy my agony lessened to the point I could orgasm.

When Doctor saw my orgasms had weakened me to the point I was nearly hanging by
my nipples he told her. "Okay. You have had your fun. Get out of here."

She frowned at him and said, "I will get even with her for humiliating me this
way." then left.

Doctor released me then carried me to the couch. He said, "the good news is you
are already pierced for your rings. I will get them."

He brought back four beautiful gold rings with Doctor 's slave engraved in them
with a little diamond for a period. He took out the hooks to replace them with
the rings which did not hurt and I got up groggily to look at myself in the
mirror. They looked really pretty and when he walked up behind me I hugged and
kissed him saying, "I am proud to wear your rings."

The only bad part was when he disinfected them which burnt horribly but later we
made love and the rings rubbing on his dick and chest seeemed to add to my
pleasure.

Afterwards he bathed me then made dinner allowing me the luxury of sitting at
the table and eating with a fork.

For the rest of the evening till bedtime we just kissed and cuddled.




                                                       Doctor Joe 5
                                                      ***********
The next day he said he had to go to town for something so left me alone.

Just so I would be reminded of him he again stuffed my panties with cockleburrs
saying there are fifty burrs in there. There had better be fifty when I return.

I stood out on the porch waving to him until he was out of sight. The burrs were
scratching and itching my pussy terribly so I cheated by putting my hand between
them and my pussy.

He was barely out of sight when I heard the squeeky wheels of his sisters pony
cart. She must have run them hard because they were all sweaty and sobbing for
breath.

She came up to me and I forgot my hand was still in my panties. She looked at me
and said, "Pleasuring yourself, Allene? Do you have permission for that?"

I jerked out my hand and she saw the bumps of the burrs in my panties.

She said, "Oh it is worse than that. You are avoiding the discomfort he wanted
for you"

She came over to me and rubbed her hand on my pussy.I jumped back yelling, "Oww.
You pushed them into my slit"

She slapped me so hard I saw stars and yelled,"Bitch! You had better never move
away from me again."

I braced myself as she ground her palm into my pussy causing so much pain as
they rubbed on my clit I began to cry. I sobbed, "No. No. Doctor doesn't want
you to touch me when he isn't here"

She stopped rubbing to say,"He didn't tell me that. Come with me we are going
for a ride as soon as I get these cuffs on you."

She took me to the back of her cart and pulled out a six inch log that swivelled
on a bolt in the floor of the cart. She picked me up and sat me straddling the
log so all my weight was now pressing on the burrs then locked my cuffs to a
ring under her seat that pulled me forward so the burrs pressed on my clit. I
whimpered, "You are killing me!" but she just laughed.

She got on the seat and I heard a "CRACK" as her whip hit the girls butts. They
leaped forward and I was bouncing on that damn log as the cart hit bumps in the
road.It felt like someone was rubbing and spanking my pussy with a wire brush.

She turned to watch me cry and gasp then said, "My girls are going to hate
you.Look at what your extra weight is doing to them."

I had my own problems but I looked and saw their tits were being pulled into
their armpits and their cunt lips were pulled between their ass cheeks which
must have made an agonizing stretch. I was amazed the hooks did not rip out.

She took me to the dungeon and unhooked the girls which let the tongue come up
so my feet could touch the ground to give me some relief. They were so glad to
be released from the cart they thanked her and knelt to kiss her pussy.

She had the girls drag me into the dungeon then she slid off my panties and dug
out the burrs that were deep in my slit.Even though she had caused all my pain
it was such a relief to get them out I said,"Thank you Mistress."

"Don't thank me yet. I have something more interesting in mind."

They put me on the rack face up and held me while she attached the cuffs to my
ankles and wrists then stretched me with the winch. To my surprise she stopped
before there was real pain. She went to a drawer and got a box of fish hooks she
plopped on my stomach. I knew what was coming and pleaded,"No. Please no."

She ignored me and started my agony. She slowly pushed three hooks into each
inner thigh, two in each pussy lip, two on each side of my tummy,and finally and
much worse one in each nipple. Meanwhile her girls were tying fish lines to the
hooks. I moaned, "Why are you doing this to me?"

"You thought your weight on the burrs was bad. Wait till your body is lifted by
these hooks"

"Oh No! You can't! The hooks will rip out"

"No they won't. You weigh about a hundred ten. There are sixteen hooks so there
will only be about 7 pound pull on each hook. That is if you remain still If you
thrash about it will create more pull so you had better lie still."

I laid there whimpering as she brought the lines over pulleys saying,I have to
make these equally taut so one hook will not pull more."

I laid there whimpering as I watched my breasts become cone shaped and skin
lifted on my tummy. Finally she said that is about right and clamped the lines
to a winch. She loosened the chains to my arms and legs and began turning the
winch.

I was amazed my skin was so elastic.My breasts were pulled up and out to look
grotesque and allowed me to see my pussy lips pulled up about six inches.
Amazingly the only bad pain was at my nipples and pussy. I arched my back to
take some pressure off my pussy but that was a mistake. It just caused more pull
on my nipples.I tried to be very still in spite of my sobbing and that seemed to
help.

I was wondering how long she would make me hang there when she came up with
something worse.

She said, "Okay girls. This bitch caused you a lot of extra pain with her weight
so now you can get even."

She handed them two lengths of barbed wire with tape at the ends to make a
handle. Even though it caused more pain I struggled yelling "No. God no!"

They didn't start out whipping me. They just dragged the barbs across my brests
and extended pussy lips causing deep scratches until I was sobbing
uncontrollably. Then they began whipping me. The wire and barbs dug in to rip at
my flesh to cause such excruciating pain I mercifully lost consciousness.

When I awoke the hooks were out and I was lying loosely bound to the rack but my
ordeal was not over. She dipped an artist brush into a bottle of Merthiolate and
began painting my body to set it on fire. She kept doing it until my screams
subsided letting her know it was no longer burning me.

She said, "You are such a wimp! Next time I will hang you head down so you can't
pass out so easily. Rest now while I harness the girls to take you back to the
house."

You can't imagine the relief I felt that the ordeal was over. In a little while
she came back to release me then led me in front of the girls who attached a leg
spreader to my ankles to pull them about five feet apart. She brought the cart
in front of me then tied a rope from my wrist cuffs to the axle of her cart. She
started out slowly giggling as I tried to keep up with my legs so far apart but
eventually I fell and was dragged. She purposely drove over cactus, burrs, and
nettles until I was hoarse from screaming.

Finally we arrived at the house and she stood me up and went into the house.She
came out with a bucket of water a scrub brush and a paddle.She poured a bag of
salt in the bucket and stirred it with the paddle while I moaned,"No Please no.
I will do anything."

"You will do anything anyway. I have to clean you up. You are a mess."

I looked down to see my body covered with red mud from my blood and the dirt.

She removed my wristcuffs to bring my hnds behind me then locked them to the
cart wheel. She began scrubbing me with the salt water. She may as well have
poured gasoline on me and set me on fire.She kept scrubbing long after all the
dirt was gone then took me into the house to lie me out on the floor and take
off the spreader.

I laid there sobbing long after she left then realized I was dying of thirst so
struggled to my feet and went for water. My pussy was so sore I could only walk
with my legs open.

Later Doctor returned and said,"My God. What happened to you?"

I told him and he said,"That bitch! I told her to leave you alone unless I was
there. I will let you get even with her."

"No. I don't want to. She will just make it worse for me next time.I don't know
why she hates me so much."

"She is jealous. I haven't fucked her since you arrived. You are all I want."

"Oh God. She may kill me."

"No I will never let you alone with her again."

"Even with you there she can make it terrible.She is looking forward to the next
demonstration."

"Well I admit that is going to take a lot of courage. The customers coming are
in the market for our most severe things."

That is when I made up my mind to escape somehow. He was real nice the rest of
the week tending my wounds and when he had to go to town he let me dress and go
with him.

That was my chance. When he stopped at a sex store I saw a police car stopped at
the light and ran to it beating on their door. They got out and I blurted out I
had been kidnapped. They arrested Doctor and called for another cruiser to get
me.

He is off the hook. The cops loaned me enough money for a bus ticket home and I
never plan to come back for the trial. I just hope Mike will take me back.

The end




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





