BDSM Library - Cathy




Cathy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cathy's father believed in corporal punishment. Everyone in the family including their mom got what they deserved.
CATHY by ALLENE

                                                  CATHY 1
                                                  ********

I thought we were a pretty average family. My Daddy made enough money to keep us
well fed and have a nice house in the country. It was real nice to be able to go
out in the woods to explore. The problem was I could not do it alone since I was
the baby in the family and my older brothers could not be bothered to play with
a girl. They told my parents they played rough games and I might get hurt or
lost.

Daddy agreed and told me I should never get out of sight of the house and that
he didn't want me to grow up as a tomboy. I minded him because he was a great
believer in spanking anyone who did not obey him.

It wasn't unfair though. He spanked everybody, my brothers and even Mom. To tell
the truth I did not really mind the spankings. Oh sure it hurt but when it was
over we were hugged and told we were forgiven which seemed a lot better than
being yelled at like my Mom did and being mad for a long time.

Mom was spanked differently than us. We were either taken over his knees or bent
over the armrest of the couch where the boys pants were pulled down to be
spanked on their shorts or my skirt raised to be spanked on my panties. With Mom
she was bent over a bannister to keep people from falling into the basement
stairs. That looked scary. She was looking straight down about eight feet to the
basement entrance. He would tie her ankles to the iron posts holding the wood
railing at the top so she couldn't fall but it was still scary. We were always
spanked just before bedtime so we could go to bed after and think about what we
had done and resolve not to do it again. The other thing different with her is
that Daddy would use a willow switch that must have hurt worse than his hand
from her squeals and tears. He told us that when we were tall enough we would be
spanked the same way. The boys and I would often walk over to the bannister
relieved it was still higher than our belly buttons.

The boys were tall enough first and they confirmed it was a lot worse than the
hand spankings.

At about ten I began growing like a weed. I swear the handrail got lower every
week and I became very careful not to do anything wrong. By the time I was
eleven I had not only grown tall enough but also other things happened. The
little lumps of my breasts began to grow and hair began growing on my crotch.
Mitch was 13 by then and Robbie was twelve and things must have happened to them
too because I would see them rubbing their crotches once in a while and looking
at me differently. They would stare at my growing boobs and I was releved when
Mom found some jumpsuits on sale for me. The bib hid my boobs so well the boys
stopped looking at me and began looking at Mom especially when she wore tight
t-shirts or shorts. Mom had a great body and I was glad because I was sure I
would look like her someday.

Then something happened that changed everything about being spanked. Dad and Mom
came home one night after going to dinner with his boss.

Dad was really mad. He came through the door pulling on Mom's arm yelling,
"Jesus! How could you be so damn clumsy. Spilling that red wine in my boss's lap
is unforgiveable. I am going to have to buy him a new suit! You are in for a
hell of a spanking!"

Mom was already whimpering as she said, "I'm sorry! I am not used to wine I got
a little tipsy."

Dad said angrily, "That is no excuse! Now get over to the railing and get your
skirt up."

Mom was wearing a tight cocktail dress with a skirt that came down almost to her
ankles. She went to the railing but it was too tight and she could only get it
up to mid-thigh.

She whined, "It is too tight. Can't you just spank me on top of it?"

"Bullshit. You know you won't feel the switch on top of clothes. Take it off."

The boys and I suddenly got real interested as she whined, "Please Honey. Not in
front of the kids. You know I am wearing The pantie and bra set you bought me. I
will be almost naked!"

Dad just said, "Stalling is just going to make it worse for you!"

She whimpered and then reached behind her to unzip the back down to her butt 
and let the shoulder straps slide off her arms to pull down the dress wrigggling
a little as she worked it over her hips.

I looked at the boys and they were staring at her boobs in a tiny strapless bra
that barely covered her nipples then continued to stare as her tiny panities
came into view. We had only seeen her in her big panties that covered her as
much as a cheerleaders tights. These were so small you could see a little pubic
hair peeking around the edges.

When she turned around crying to press against the bannister we saw the panties
had no bottom! Just a thin strap that only covered her butt crack.

I looked at the boys and they were staring excitedly and rubbing their crotches
while Dad tied her ankles to the posts with scarves. Since she was so tall he
pulled her legs apart so the bannister was pressing on her lower tummy. When she
bent over letting her hands slide down the post to hold on for dear life her
crotch was pooching out behind her.

The boys jumped up to get a better look but I sat there terrified that what was
happening to her could happen to me.

He began spanking her and I saw for the first time what that little swiitch
could do. Each spank left a red line that made her jump and squeal. He made more
and more red lines until they were running together to make her whole butt red
while she squealed and cried and struggled.

Dad said, "Last one Honey!"

He brought the switch across the juncture of her thighs and bottom and I am sure
it hit her pussy because she made an agonized scream and stood up.

That is when I found out why the boys had moved to the top of the stairs. Her
boobs had fallen completely out of the tiny bra and now it was just holding them
up totally exposed.

The boys ran to their rooms while Dad untied her to give her a big hug and kiss.
He picked her up and carried her to their bedroom. To my surprise she was
smiling even though tears were still rolling down her cheeks.

In the morning she made our breakfast and was bouncing around in her terrycloth
robe smiling and serving us oatmeal as if nothing had happened. When Mitch asked
where dad was she just grinned and said, "He is sleeping in. He had a big
night."

I noticed that every now and then she would caress her butt so I asked, "Is your
bottom real sore Mom?"

She just grinned and said, "No it is just tingling. Thank God he doesn't use a
paddle anymore. That makes you sore for days."

Her yelps when the switch hit still scared me though and I tried to be real
good.

A few nights later Dad insisted on watching this dumb baseball game on TV. It
bored me so I decided to do some watercolors. My little desk had no room on it
so I took all my stuff and went into Dad,s office to use his big desk. I pushed
his papers to one side and began making a landscape with a lot of blue sky and
grass and trees.

I didn't hear Dad come in. He said loudly, "What are you doing in here?"

He scared me and I spilled the waterglass I was using to rinse the brushes all
over his papers.

He came unglued,he yelled, "You have ruined the report I have to turn in
tomorrow." I tried to calm him down whining it would only take a few minutes
with his laser printer to do them over but he just said red-faced, "Come with
me. It has been too long since you were spanked. You have forgotten to be
careful."

He dragged me crying to the bannister and I hated the happy excited looks of my
brothers. I realized I was wearing the jumpsuit and he couldn't just raise my
skirt just before he said, "Get that jumpsuit off while I get the switch."

I couldn't stand the leering looks of my brothers so I turned my back to them
while I took it off and leaned against the bannister.

Mitch said, "Wow her butt is bigger than it was the last time she was spanked."

I blushed as Mom said, "Yes she is turning into a woman. That is one of the
things that happens.

Robbie made me blush even more when he said, "I know another thing. Her boobies
are a lot bigger."

Mom said, "Shame on you Robbie. You are embarrassing her."

Mitch didn't help when he said, "Yeah. Pretty soon she is going to look as good
as you, Mom."

"Well thank you Mitch but you are too young to think about such things."

Dad came back with the scarves and the switch. He did not have to pull my legs
as far apart as Mom's to let my tummy settle on the bannister but when I bent
over they were far apart enough for me to see the boys looking excited so I
closed my eyes.

I gripped the post as hard as I could and then there was a "whir!" sound and
then a terrific sting over both my buns. His hands had spread the sting but the
switch concentrated it to make it seem much worse. I began yelping and
struggling as Mom had while sting after sting fell until I was sure my poor butt
would bleed but then I found as thin as my ctoon panties were they did help when
I felt a much worse sting on the back of my thighs that made me jump and scream.

It seemed to go on forever and now the stings were joined by a burning sensation
then he stopped. I opened my eyes whle he untied the scarves and saw the boys
staring. I looked down and saw my T-shirt had slipped down over my boobs and was
bunched around my neck. I let go with one hand to pull it back up to my waist
but I knew it was too late.

He turned me around to give me a kiss and hug which I would have normally
enjoyed but I was so embarrassed I just wanted to escape to my room. I grabbed
my jump sut and ran cryng to my room.

When I got there  eased my pantes down makng sure they would not drag on my
burnng butt and looked at it in the mirror. It was obvious why this spanking had
hurt so much more. The hand spanking had just turned it a solid red but now
there were dark red welts with a lighter red between them. The stinging and heat
was not going away as soon as the hand spankings either. I went to bed and
covered up trying to caress away the stings but it just wasn't working.

Suddenly Mitch and Robbie came into my room. Mitch said, "Wow! That was some
spanking. How are your buns?"

"They hurt awful and it wasn't fair! It will only take Dad a few minutes to do
the reports over."

"Yeah we know and we feel sorry for you. I brought you some sunburn lotion. It
really helps."

"Okay. Give it to me I am still stinging!"

"Naw. It is too hard for you to put it on yourself. We will do it for you."

"No! I am naked under these covers. I would be too embarrassed."

"Oh come on. All we will see is your back and butt. Everybody has them so it is
no big deal. It will really help."

That was true. Their butts didn't look much different than mine and I was ready
for anything that might stop the sting.

"Okay I guess but don't try to peek at my front." I flattened out on the bed to
hide my front and Mitch slowly pulled the covers off me to bunch them at the
foot of the bed.

Robbie said, "Wow it is welted up even more than we thought."

"Yes and it stings awful."

Mitch said, "Don't worry. This will help a lot."

They began carressing my butt with the cool lotion and it did help. A whole lot.
Soon the sting and burn was gone and there was just a good feeling as they
rubbed it in. I began pushing up my butt just like a cat arches it's back when
it is stroked to let you know it wants to be stroked harder.

They began pulling my butttcheeks apart to let their fingers go into the crack.
I knew there were no welts in there but it felt so nice I didn't protest because
now it was not just feeling nice it was also giving me the excited feeling I had
discovered while rubbing my pussy.

Then they pulled my legs open and began rubbing the lotion on my crotch.I knew
that was not right but it felt too good to stop them. I began to moan and it let
them know how much I liked the way their fingers were opening and closing my
slit.

Mitch said. "Feeling better?"

I moaned, "Oh yes. So good!"

"Good. Roll over and we will make you forget the spanking altogether."

I knew that was wrong but I was so excited I wanted more and rolled over.

Mitch began rubbing his finger in my slit and especially on that little nubbin
at the top that I had discovered and loved to carress while Robbie began
caressing the lotion on my nipples. soon I was moaning and writhing on the bed
as excitement continued to rise until I felt like an explosion inside folloeed
by this wonderful feeling of release.

I moaned, "Thank you oh thank you."

Mitch said, "Okay. Since you showed us yours we will show you ours."

They dropped their pajama bottoms and knelt on the bed beside me. I was
fascinated. I had never seen a boys pee thing before.

Mitch said, "Rub our dicks. It feels good like it did you."

It seemed only fair and besides I wanted to see how they felt all hard and
sticking straight up.

I took them in my fists and began tubbing up and down. Soon they were moaning
"Faster. Faster! My fists became blurs as I rubbed as fast as I could suddenly
something like snot shot out of the pee holes to land on my stomach.

I said, "Oooh gross! What is that?"

Mitch groaned, "It is called cum. It is what happens when we get too excited.
Just like you except girls just get wet instead of shooting."

"Well it is gross. Wipe it off me."

They picked up their pajamas and began cleaning off the cum. While doing it
Mitch asked, Have you ever had an orgasm before?"

"What is an orgasm?"

"That is that great feeling you got when we rubbed your pussy and boobs."

"Oh. No. I think I may have come close once when I was rubbing myself but I quit
too soon."

"Well they really help you forget a spanking. We always rub ourselves after and
from now on we will rub you when you get spanked."

"I don't know. Are you sure it is all right? Mom saw me rubbiing my pussy when I
was littler and told me I shouldn't touch myself there."

"Sure. She just meant you shouldn't do it in front of strangers. We are going to
bed now. You wore us out."

They left. I still had doubts Mom had told me I shouldn't let the boys see me
naked and it seemed like everything that felt good was forbidden but the thing
that stuck in my mind was how the rubbiing had helped so much. Before I had been
stinging for hours but now there was just a tingling and throbbing that was not
really unpleasant. I was relieved that the pain of a spanking could be gone so
fast and that kind of kept me from dreading the next one. I felt real tired. I
don't think I have ever slept so good before.




                                              CATHY 2
                                              ********

The next morning I realized that I had broken two of Mom's rules. First of all I
had let the boys see me naked and second I had worse than touched myself by
letting them do it.

When I went downstairs the boys grinned at me which just made me feel more
guilty.  went to them and said, "We can never do that again. It isn't right."

Mitch said, "That is stupid.. You know you liked it."

"Maybe but Mama said  shouldn't let you see me naked and I shouldn't touch
myself down there. If she doesn't want me to do it I am sure she won't want you
to. Do you want me to ask her?"

"No! Okay if you feel that way but you are only cheating yourself."

For the next few days they didn't say anything more about it but they would
still stare at me when I wore shorts and a t-shirt so I began to wear loose
sweaters and skirts in spite of the heat.

Mom noticed and said, "Cathy I know what you are going through. I was there once
myself. You are wearing those loose clothes trying to hide the fact you have
boobs now. You shouldn't be embarrassed. You are just growing up and you will
have a beautiful figure to be proud of. You are going to drive the boys in
school crazy and the other girls will be jealous. It is silly to suffer from the
heat to hide yourself."

That confused me. "But you said boys shouldn't see me naked and when I wear
anythiing tight they stare at me as if they could see through my clothes."

She laughed and said, "That is normal. You should be flattered. They look at you
because you are pretty. Thank God men still look at me that way."

That made me feel better So I went to my room to change into my cutoff jeans and
a t-shirt. I was lying on my stomach wztching cartoons on TV when the boys came
in.

Mitch said, "Yeah. that is a lot better than those damn loose clothes."

I looked back at him to see both of them staring at my bottom in the shorts so
tight I could only button them by lyng on my back and sucking in my tummy. I
remembered what Mom had said and rather than be embarrassed I felt kind of
proud. I said, "Do you think I am pretty?"

"Oh sure. You are a lot pretter than the girls at school. We are going to work
on our secret cabn in the woods. Would you lke to come along?"

I was really surprsed  had heard them talkng about the cabn they were building
but they had refused to let me look at it before now.

I said, "Yes but I have to ask Mom."

Mom said, "Sure. It will be good for you to get some exercise rather than lying
around watching TV. Remember you have absolutely no sense of direction so don't
get out of sight of the boys."

That was so true. I couldn't even find our car in parking lots and promised to
stay close.

They led me out in the woods and I became confused as soon as the house went out
of sight. Everything looked the same and  was amazed they were finding the way
with no problem.

Mitch said, "No-one would ever find our hideout. Wait till you see it."

It seemed like we walked forever before we came to a huge patch of blackberry
bushes that had grown up trees about ten feet tall. Mitch led me around it to a
cavelike hole he revealed by pulling away tumble weeds."

He said, "It took us weeks to cut away the blackberries but it is great now.
Crawl through the tunnel."

I crawled through it to find something amazing. They had cut a clearing in the
middle and had made a kind of log cabin out of poles. I went through the door
and saw how they had made a roof out of poles covered with the cut off
blackberry vines. There were no windows but the gaps between poles let in enough
light to see Mom's old king size mattress on the dirt floor and a rope hanging
from a pulley on a pole in the roof. I said curiously, "What is the rope for?

We'll show you. Go sit on the mattress and look at the magazine my buddy swiped
from his uncle."

I sat down and picked up the magazine which just had a brown paper cover. I
opened it up and was shocked to see naked girls tied up in all kinds of
uncomfortable positions. One picture showed what the rope was for. A girl was
hanging from it by her wrists. She was obviously stretched by the way her tummy
had sunk in to make her ribs show. She was looking fearfully at a man in a
lether hood carrying a whip."

I dropped the magazine and said, "I can hardly believe this. I have never seen
anything like this at the store."

"Yeah. I guess they are real hard to find. Looks thrilling doesn't it?"

"No. It looks scary! A mean person could do any thing to the girls and they
couldn't do anything about it."

"Yeah. That is what is exciting. We want to hang you from the ceiling like
that."

"No way! I told you I wasn't going to let you look at me naked anymore and I am
sure not going to let you look at me all helpless."

"I think you will. If you don't we will tie you up and gag you to lay on the
mattress while we go back and tell Dad you ran off and we couldn't find you. Can
you imagine how pissed he will get searching for you for hours until we "find"
you."

"No! I'll tell them the truth. You will be the ones in trouble."

"II don't think so. You know Dad has caught you lying. Who will they believe?
You or both of us? He knows you would lie to try to get out of another
switching."

I knew he was right. Almost every time I had done something wrong I had tried to
lie my way out of it but I was always caught which made the spanking worse.

 I tried another approach. "Well you still can't do it. The rope would chafe my
wrists and they would see it."

"We have that covered. Check this out."

He went over to the corner and brought back two dog collars with a chain between
them. They had glued sponge rubber to the inside of the collars.

Mitch said, "The sponge rubber will protect your wrists. You could hang for
hours without leaving a mark. Now quit stalling and get your clothes off.

I sniffled, "Please don't do this to me." but I knew by begging  rather than a
flat refusal they knew I  had no choice.

"Hurry up or you will get a spankng too."

That gave me a ray of hope. If they spanked me and I went back home with a red
bottom I could tell my story and be beliieved and they would get a terrible
switchng.

I unbuttoned my shorts and slid them down my legs while they stared and rubbed
their crotches. I hesitated a minute then pulled my t-shirt over my head. Mitch
said,  "God sis. You look great!  I swear your boobies have grown since the last
time we saw them."

I blushed but couldn't help feeling a little flattered by the compliment. Then
said, "I don't have to take off the panties do I ?  I don't have to take them
off for a spankng."

"Sure you do. This isn't for a spanking."

I blushed even deeper and began slowly working them down not realiizing that
seeing me exposed inch by inch was just exciting them more. When the panties
fell to the floor I stood there blushing with one arm hiding my boobies while my
other hand covered my little slit.

That didn't last long. Mitch buckled the dog collar on the wrist of my arm over
my boobs and Robbie jerked my hand away from my pussy to buckle on the other
collar. They led me over to the rope and Robbie tied it to the chain so Mitch
could pull down on the rope going over the pulley to pull me up on tip toes.

Then I found that was not the end of my bondage. Mitch brought over two more dog
collars with long ropes on them which they buckled around my ankles. They pulled
on those ropes to pull my legs wide apart and tied them to the poles on the
sides of the cabin. I had hoped by keeping my thighs clenched together I could
hide my very private part but now I was totally exposed.

Mitch came around in front of me and said, "God sis! You look fantastc. Your
waist has shrunk to make you boobs and butt look bigger."

In spite of the compliment I felt horribly embarrassed I pleaded. Please let me
down. I am terribly embarrassed."

"Not yet. We have some other things planeed. Robbie. Get the camera."

"Robbie scurried over to a box and brought back a poloroid camera. I yelled, "Oh
No!  You aren't going to take my picture. Someone may see it!"

"Right! If you don't cooperate every boy in school will see them. If you are
good we will just hide them here where no-one can find them."

They began taking the whole roll including close-ups of my boobs and pussy they
saiid had opened so they could see the pink inside while I cried in total
mortification.

When the roll was finished Mitch said, "I guess we owe you a reward."

They began caressing my nipples and pussy. Mitch's middle finger slid up and
down on my little nubbin he called a clit and in spite of my embarrassment I got
so excited Mitch said, "She is ready! She is real wet!"

I didn't know what he meant until he dropped his pants and began pushing the
head of his dick into my little slit. I was tied so tight I could only twist a
little to try to keep it out which he diedn't mind at all as I cried, "No. No! 
I could get pregnant."

Mitch just laughed and said, "Dunmmy. You can't get pregnant until you start
having monthlies."

He worked his dick into me and I felt the stretch then a sharp pain as he tore
through my hymen but then as he grabbed my butt cheeks to pull and push to bring
it out only to bury it again and my excitement rose instantly and I no longer
cared I was naked and helpless. He must have been real excited because he did
not last long but when Robbie took hiis turn I had a glorious orgasm.

They sat on the mattress for a minute watching me gasp and shudder as
aftershocks went through my body  then got up to let me loose. Even then they
did not let me dress. They held my clothes as we walked what seemed twice as
long to get near the house. Finally Mitch said, "We are close. You can put your
clothes back on."

When I saw the house I saw we were approaching it from the front rather than the
rear when we had left.  I realized all my efforts to remember landmarks was
futile.

For the rest of the evening my mind worked feverishly. As long as they had my
pictures I was trapped. There was no way I could go to school knowing boys may
have seen them. In spite of myself I had to admit the experience had thrilled me
and that made me feel guilty. I had read romance novels and normal girls had
hated being raped. I must be strange and worse I knew thngs would go on from
there after Robbe had said, "Now we can make her do anything we want."

I just had to get the pictures back and make sure they could never get me back
to that place again.




                                                       CATHY 3
                                                       ********

The next day I got my chance. Mom took the boys to town to get them some new
school clothes. That would give me hours to find the cabin and my pictures.

It was easy at first I remembered we went straight out from the house towards a
big bush and there was a trail from there but then the trail kind of petered
out. I seemed to remember a big tree and headed toward it but in a lttle while I
realized I was hopelessly lost.

I meandered around aimlessly but nothng showed up I recognized and all the trees
looked the same. It got late in the afternoon and I didn't know if I was getting
closer to the house or further away. To make it worse the boys had told me there
were bears iin the woods and I pictured myself being torn apart by their huge
claws and teeth. I finally hid under a bush and cried.

Then I heard a gunshot. I remebered Dad had said that if I ever got lost he
would fire his gun every 30 seconds and I would be able to tell where the noise
came from by looking straight up.

I began heading toward the sound and fortunately it got louder. I finally came
out to a clearing where Dad was holding his rifle.

I ran to him crying and hugged his waist. He hugged me back and said they were
worried sick about me but then he said, "You did a really stupid thing. God
knows what could happen to you out there all alone. You know you were told never
to go into the woods alone. You will be severely punished."

He couldn't do worse than being eaten by a bear so I said, "I know. I deserve
it. It was stupid. I was so scared. I'll never do it again."

"I am sure you won't. Especially after you find the punishment you have earned."

When we got to the house everyone hugged me and said they were worried about me.
Mitch whispered in my ear, "Did you find the cabin?"

"No and I won't try again."

"Good if you had and destroyed your pictures we would have made it really rough
on you."

I gulped trying to imagine what that could mean. Then Dad said, "She was
embarrassed last time by being partly nude. This time she will be completely
nude to add to that embarrassment. Cathy take off all your clothes. even the
shoes and socks."

I looked at mom stricken and said, "Mommm. Don't let him do that."

At least she felt sorry for me. She said, "Please Don. That will be terribly
embarrassing for her. At least make the boys go away."

"All the more reason to make her do it. Since you think that is so terrible you
will be nude next time too."

Mom blushed and moaned, "I am sorry I said anything. Do what you want but not me
please. It isn't right to let them see their mother naked."

Dad said, "I didn't know nudity was such a big deal. You had better be good
because you will definitely be naked too."

Mom tried to make up to him by saying, "You heard him Cathy. Get those clothes
off now!"

I whimpered hating the smirks on the faces of the boys. I stalled as long as I
could taking off my shoes and socks first but I was soon naked and trying to
hide my boobs and pussy with my arm and hand.

Dad yelled, "Get your hands behind your back."

I swear I blushed to my toes as I put them back there. Then Dad said," Get a
knife from the kitchen and go out and cut a fresh switch. Make sure it is at
least as long as your legs."

It semed awful to have to get a switch I knew would hurt me. He had just used
short switches before but there was no use arguing."

It was a cold night and I shivered from the cold and fear as I got it and began
stripping the leaves and twigs from it."

When I went back in I saw a rope hanging from the chandelier and the boys were
tying other ropes to the bannister and our couch leg. I was sure they had
suggested tying me and was hating them.

Dad wrapped a towel around my wrists saying, "This will keep the rope from
cutting you." then he tied the rope to them while the boys wrapped other towels
around my ankles and pulled my legs open to tie them. Dad pulled down on the
rope until I whimpered at the strain that seemed to be pulling my vertabrae
apart and making my ribs show.

Dad said, Since being naked embarrasses you you can just stay that way for
awhile."

I thought I might die of embarrassment as everyone looked at me. Mom didn't help
when she said, "Gosh, that makes her look so good. Her little belly has shrunk
and tightened." The boys kind of sighed, "Oh yeah!"

I really got scared when Dad said, "Yeah that soft little belly will be red
too." I had only been hit on my butt and legs I had no idea how bad that may
hurt.

Then Mitch made it worse by saying, "Is it alright if we touch her? Her skin
looks real tight."

I moaned, "Oh No!." My protest just made Dad say, "Sure it sounds like that will
embarrass her more."

They lunged at me and their hands began roaming all over my butt, stomach and
finally even my little boobs and pussy. I blushed and struggled moaning "No.
No!" but in spite of myself it began feeling good and my "Nos turned to little
moans.

Dad noticed my new reaction and said, "Enough boys. I think the little slut is
beginning to like that and we aren't here to give her pleasure."

Then there was a terrible sting across my butt sonce I didn't have even the
little protection of panties.the stings went down my butt then to my thighs
which hurt so much more I had to scream.

He stopped and I hung my head panting thinking it was over but then the stings
started coming across the front of my thighs. they began going up a few inches
at a time and then thankfully my hip bones protected my pussy as the stings
began burning my tummy just above my pubic bone. By then I was crying
hysterically.

Dad said, "One more."

He brought the switch across both my nipples. I screamed as pain beyond my
imagination seemed to go deep into my chest. then I slumped into
unconsciousness.

I woke up in my bed . Mitch and Robbie was caressing salve on me. I moaned, "Oh
god, Mitch. He hurt me so bad!"

"I know Baby but we will make you feel better."

The cool salve began stopping the stings and burning and when Mitch pulled off
his pants and laid on his back beside me I climbed on top of him and fed his
dick into my pussy. That felt wonderful then there was a new sensation as Robbie
pushed me forward and slid his dick into my ass. It was wonderful. I rocked back
and forth feeling their dicks collide inside me letting out little moans of
pleasure as my orgasms climbed until they shot and their soft dicks slid out of
me.

They gave me hugs and said they would always be there to make me feel better. I
went to sleep and dreamed movie stars were doing it to me.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





