BDSM Library - Stepdad




Stepdad
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Stepdad punishes Mom and daughter and has sex with them too.
                      THE STEPDAD

My life was fairly normal until Mom remarried when I was thirteen.

I loved my Dad. He was real easygoing and was never upset by anything I had done
but Mom was not as tolerant nagging on and on at any little thing and sending me
to my room to think about what I had done.

She nagged my Dad constantly about the small amount of money he was earning but
I thought that was unfair. He had married her before graduating from high-school
since she was pregnant with me so there was no way he could get a good job
without a high school diploma.

He took it for a long time. I heard her harangues until I was twelve and then he
packed up and left. I really resented her for driving him away. It was not like
we were dirt poor or anything. We were renting a fairly nice house and there was
always food on the table. She even had her own car although it was kind of old.

At divorce court she got bad news. Because of his low income the court only
ordered him to pay $300.00 per month in child support. There was no way we could
live on that so she had to go to work. She worked at a convenience store at
minimum wage and learned how hard it was to make a living.

I used to hear her crying at night and she told me if she ever found another man
she would never bitch at him. I doubted that since it was so much a part of her
and had no sympathy for her. I had no doubt she would find someone eventually
since she was only twenty-seven years old and was pretty.

She dated a few times for the next year but nothing serious since her dates were
with men she said were losers like my Dad. I couldn't understand why she was so
picky. After all she was only getting minimum wage herself.

Then one evening she came home from work to announce that she had a date with a
successful man for once that was going to take her to the Red Lobster restaurent
which was her idea of a really classy place.

When he came he made me nervous. He had those piercing kind of eyes that seemed
to see through your clothes and was also pushy. He told Mom the dress she had
picked out for the date was the wrong color for her skin and blonde hair and
made her change to a blouse and skirt. If Dad had told her how to dress she
would have blown up but for him she meekly went to the bedroom and changed.

All the time she was changing he continued to look through my clothes as he made
small talk but I began to think it was just my imagination since I was so aware
of the changes in my body. I was growing boobs that I knew eventually would
reach Mom's size of 35D and had spent a lot of time in front of my mirror
studying my naked body with it's little waist, round buttocks and the sparse
blonde hairs forming a triangle at my crotch.

He dated her about once a week and always took her to nice places but she
complained that he had made no mention of any kind of committment.

Then one night I heard the door slam shut and heard him talking loudly. I went
to my door and opened it a crack to see them and hear better.

"He was saying loudly, "There was no reason for you to be so bitchy to the
waiter. He told us up front that they were short a waiter but he would try to
make sure we had good service. Your yelling at him to refill your glass or
coffee cup before they were even empty was uncalled for. You embarrassed me in
front of everyone there. You are a spoiled child and If I had my way you would
be spanked like one."

I was shocked not only by the idea but her reaction. She hung her head and said
softly, "I am sorry. You are right. Sometimes I do get bitchy. If it will make
you feel better you can spank me. I know I deserve it."

He made a kind of evil smile and said, "You sure as Hell do deserve it!"

He pulled out one of our kitchen chairs to sit down then said, "Alright. Get
over my knnes. If you were this way as a child You must know how to do it."

She only hesitated a moment to say tremously, "Uh huh, My Daddy used to spank
me." before leaning over his legs to let her stomach settle on his thighs qith
just her toes and hands touching the floor.

I was amazed! She had never mentioned being spanked as a child and had never
spanked me although there were threats which Dad had talked her out of.

I was even more shocked when he gathered up her skirt to fall on her back
revealing her round bottom like mine encased only in thin nylon panties. I could
hardly believe it. She was always telling me to hold down my skirt on windy days
to stop any chance of my panties being seen but she made no protest other than a
little gasp.

He began bringing his big hand on one cheek at a time to make a loud "Slap" I
knew it had to hurt because his hand was hitting hard enough to flatten her
cheeks at each spank

As it went on and on her cheeks turned so red you could see them darken through
the panties but I didn't feel sorry for her. It seemed only fitting she should
suffer for all those years of bitchiness and I only wished Dad had done it
himself so they may have stayed together.

Finally when she was crying so hard she began hiccoughing he stopped and helped
her up.

To my surprise she knelt between his legs to hug his waist and blubbered, "Do
you forgive me now."

He said, "Of course but you know if you displease me again this can be
repeated."

"Yes. I'll try to be good."

He smiled broadly and lifted her up to kiss her. She kissed him back
passionately and then he picked her up to carry her into her bedroom. Shortly
later I heard the headboard hitting the wall which I had not heard since Dad
left.

The next morning at breakfast I told her I had seen the spanking and asked her
how she could allow him to do that to her.

She blushed then said, "It wasn't so bad. All the pain is gone now and I
deserved it. Remember I promised to stop my bitchy ways? Besides it has changed
our relationship. He said he would shop for an engagement ring!"

"God Mom. How can you think of marrying someone who beats you?"

"Come on! That wasn't a beating. A beating is where a man uses his fists on you.
A little spanking is certainly not that. You don't understand. He has money! I
have been to his house and it is lovely. He obviously makes a lot of money. We
could be semi-rich!"

"I don't need a bunch of money. What if he wants to spank me too?"

"Bull. I know there are things you want we can't afford. He won't spank you as
long as you are good. Just be good."

They were only engaged a few weeks before they announced their wedding day. In
the meantime I witnessed another spanking and it was much more formal than the
first. He made her go out to the car to get an evil looking leather strap then
she must have done this before because she went over to the couch to take off
her skirt and bend over the back. Something else was new. She had always worn
big grandma panties that covered her navel. Now she was wearing thongs that I
knew he must have bought her or else told her to buy.

Now I could actually see the flesh hit and was amazed that she could take each
spank with only a gasp and shudder as he turned her whole butt and upper thighs
cherry red. I still didn't feel sorry for her though. If it was worth it to her
to get a rich man who was I to complain.

The wedding was really extravagant. I was a brides maid in a beautiful gown and
her gown had pearls sewn in to it. All our friends and relatives were poor and I
was a little embarrassed about the way they gushed over the food, wine, and
presents, especially when Mom described the new convertible he had bought for
her. I  noticed the women guests for the groom seemed awfully meek.

After the receptiom we went to his house which I saw for the first time. It was
lovely and sat on about ten acres of wooded grounds but the best part was when I
was shown my bedroom. It was huge with a walk in closet my own bathroom and even
my own color tv hooked to cable. I even had my own computer That Don, my new
stepdad, said would help me in my school work.

I had to giggle thinking how being sent to my room now just meant fun. They left
on their honeymoon leaving a housekeeper to keep up the house and cook theh
meals. I hardly ever saw her since I spent almost all my time in my room
watching MTV or learning how to do things on the computer. The only time I left
was to take walks in the woods around us.

They returned in two weeks. Mom gushed on forever about how wonderful the
caribbean had been and that next time I would be able to go along. She had
evidentally learned how to keep him happy because weeks went by without even the
threat of a spanking. Obviiously one of the things was to change into a sheer
negligee to meet him when he returned to work. I realized I couldn't ask any of
my friends over after five because I would be embarrassed for them to see her so
naked.

One Saturday he said, "Let's go shopping. We are so far from the store you will
need a bike and also some new clothes. He bought me a great mountain bike and
some blouses, sweaters and skirts refusing to even look at the baggy jeans I
preferred. Then he insisted I get a new swimming suit although I told him my
tank suit was fine. He picked out two suits. One he said for public pools and
another thong one he said I could use in our private pool. It was so tiny there
was no way I could step out of the dressing room to show it to him and I
insisted it was too embarrassing to wear. He kept insisting he see it so finally
I opened the dressing room door just enough so he could stick in his head
blushing furiously as he had me turn to stare at every inch of me with my bottom
cheeks naked except for the tiny strap in the crack the vee at the front so
small some of my pubic hair stuck out of the edges. He loved it though and
insisted he buy it. I resigned myself to the fact he would want me to wear it a
lot at home and hoped I would eventually get used to it.

He loved the suits. He decided that Mom and I should do aerobics to stay in
shape. He bought several exercise tapes and would sit in a deck chair to watch
us. It was embarrassing at first but then I began to appreciate his applause
when we finished a segment and all the compliments.

One day Mom returned from her walk in the woods and came storming into the house
screaming for me. I got out of my deckchair where I had been sunning to go to
her and he followed me.

As soon as she saw me she yelled, "How could you be so careless? You left your
damn Bike leaning against my new car and scratched the paint. Go to your room
and don't come down until tomorrow morning."

Don just laughed and said, "That is no punishment. She is in her room after
dinner every night anyway. You know how she should be punished."

Mom knew all right. " You mean a spanking. Maybe that is too much. It was just a
tiny scratch."

"That isn't the point. She will be punished for carelessness and you should be
punished for not raising her properly. It will just be phase one."

I was scared but also curious and asked her, "What is phase one?"

She sniffled and said, "Phase one is just a hand spanking but if you don't learn
from it he will go to phase two which is worse. In phase two he uses a strap so
make sure you are good from now on."

I protested mightily even threatening to run away from home but he just said,
"Okay. If you want to be homeless. so be it."

I thought about leaving my room, the pool and the lovely home and decided it
would be silly to give all that up ovwr a spanking which Mom had said was not
too bad.

It took all my nerve to finally say meekly, "Okay. I guess I deserve it."

He made it worse by telling Mom to put on her thong bikini which meant I had to
wait while he stared at me with a smirk on his face growing more afraid by the
second.

She finally came back and he had us lie over the back of the couch side by side.
I felt a little guilty I had gotten her into this but it seemed better to have
someone sharing the ordeal.

He put his hands around my hips with the ends of his fingers digging into my
crotch to lift me higher on the top of the couch to make a better target. It
seemed awfully intimate but I was too busy fearing what was coming to complain.
When we were both positioned just how he wanted with our pubic bones pressed
into the top of the couch rounding our bottoms he began.

It really stung! Even more than I had guessed and it seemed to last forever
because he would hit my butt cheek then hers to let the sting subside just a
little before another to mine. I don't know how many times he hit us I was in
too much pain to count. I swear he didn't quit until his hand became too sore. I
was bawling like crazy when he quit and said, "Now you can go to your room."

Mom said, "Take a cold shower honey. It will help."

I could see why it might. My butt felt like it was on fire. Either the heat from
the spanking or my stuggles had me sweating like crazy.

I stopped at my room to check out my butt in the mirror. It was dark red and was
now both hot and throbbing.I jerked off the bikini botttom gasping as the waist
band scraped over what felt like a bad sunburn and jumped into the shower.

Mom was right. The cool water helped a lot but I sure hope I don't ever get to
phase two.




                          STEPDAD 2

The next morning I got up and immediately went to the mirror to check out my
butt. Miraculously it was not bruised nearly as bad as I expected. All the
redness had gone and there were only a few bruises from his fingers in the crack
of my butt and on my inner thighs so close to my vagina lips I was amazed they
weren't hit.

As I felt my butt I felt some excitement and began to wonder if I had
exaggerated the amount of pain the spanking had caused. I began to think it had
not been so bad and in some ways was better than being grounded because it was
over quickly and there was no doubt my debt had been paid.

It had been very humiliating for his hand to be hitting my naked butt cheeks
though and I dreaded facing him to remind me that I had been spanked like a
little kid although as far as I was concerned now that I had boobs I was
grownup.

I dressed in my school clothes, a blouse, pleated mini-skirt bra and since there
were bruises in my butt crack that thong panties might irritate I wore my
regular panties which covered my whole bottom.

I went downstairs hoping he had already left for work but he was sitting at the
kitchen table watching Mom cook breakfast. I felt embarrassment for her since
she was only wearing a sheer negligee that actually enhanced her nudity.

When I saw him I said, "Oh I thought you had left for work?"

"No it is a light day so I decided to take the day off to work on the remodel of
the basement. How are you feeling?"

"Okay I guess. I still feel embarrassed to have been spanked like a little kid.
I am grown now."

"Well. from now on you will be getting more grown-up punishments. Come here I
want to check your butt to see if you need salve."

God he wanted to bare my butt again! I blushed and pleaded "Mom. Do I have to? I
am okay."

She was no help. "It is for your own good Allene. If you have bruises the salve
will help."

He grinned and said, "Turn around and back up between my legs."

I did blushing until I felt his knees brushing against the outside of my legs
then he said. "Okay. Pull your skirt up to your waist."

I looked at Mom beseechingly but she just nodded.

I reached down to get the hem and slowly pulled it up unintentionally teasing
him. Finally it was bunched around my waist and I stood there blushing in
embarrassment waiting to see what would happen next.

He said, "Why are you wearing these? What happened to the collection of thong
panties I bought for you?"

I shuddered hoping that was not grounds for another spanking and explained, "I
have some bruises in the crack. I thought the thong may irritate them."

"I can understand that. Now let's see the bruises."

He slowly pulled down my panties letting me feel the waistband sliding over the
round cheeks. It felt nice which just increased my embarrassment.

He began caressing my bottom and spread the cheeks to run over the bruises with
his finger then slid his hands down to rub the bruises on my inner thighs oh so
close to my vagina. It began to excite me in spite of my embarrassment.

He said, "I think a little salve will help fade the bruises. I have some here."

He opened a jar on the table and began caressing salve on the bruises but now
the tips of his fingers were pressing and rubbing on my puckered anus I gasped
as in spite of myself I began to get the same excitement I had from
masturbation. It increased a lot when he moved to my inner thighs and his
highest finger rubbed back and forth on the lips of my vagina My body began to
tremble as excitement rose until he stopped to say, "You are very sensual aren't
you Allene?

I was embarrassed he knew he was exciting me and could only mumble, "I guess so.
That feels good."

"I know so. Your vagina is wetting my fingers. Now go on up and put on some
thong panties."

By then my panties had fallen to the floor so I just stepped out of them to rush
upstairs. I was so incredibly turned on I just flopped on my bed to caress my
clit to go on to orgasm. After that I had to rest a moment enjoying the after
glow then put on the sheerest thong panties I had happy that I had shaved off
the rest of my pubic hair so the vee could fit snugly against the now smooth and
silky lips.

I went downstairs and without being asked raised my skirt to turn slowly in
front of him enjoying the excited look on his face.

He said, "What took you so long? You have missed the school bus. I will have to
drive you to school."

I panicked sure that meant another spanking but he went on to say, "No problem.
I have to go to the hardware store anyway."

We got into his Lincoln and when we werre out of the driveway he said, "Since
you are so sensual I think you will enjoy the feel of the leather seat. Pull up
your skirt so you can put your bare butt on it."

He was right! The soft warm leather felt almost like I was sitting on a naked
person. I couldn't resist squirming a little to increase the feel.

He grinned at me and said, "I knew you would love the feel of leather. From now
on your punishments will be done with leather but it will not feel like that."

"Oh I won't need to be punished again. I'll be good. I promise."

"I know you will try to be good but you are young and will no doubt eventually
make a mistake."

There was no sense arguing that point and remained silent. Actually at that
point I did not really fear another handspanking but phase two was supposed to
be much worse.

I asked, "Do we have to go to phase two if I make a mistake. If it is just a
little mistake can't I just get another hand spanking?

"No. the reason for the phases is that you were not impressed enough by the
first spanking if you screw up again. The phases will make it worse until you
finally learn to be good."

I had trouble trying to concentrate in school all day and was often yelled at by
teachers to pay attention but all I could think of was my spanking and guessing
what phase two may be like.

When I got home Mom was planting pansies in a flower bed. She was just wearing
tiny shorts and a halter and I had to admire her figure. Her tiny waist seemed
to make her boobs and butt seem larger and rounder than they were.

"God Mom. You look great! I hope I can look that good at your age."

"Jesus Allene, I am only twenty eight but don't worry. You have good genes. My
Mom looked good in a bikini when she was fifty."

That surprised me. I didn't even know they had bikinis in the old days but I was
glad I didn't have to worry so much about getting flabby like some of my girl
friends Moms.

I said hesitantally, "Mom. You have been to phase two. How bad is it?"

"Really bad! The handspanking was nothing compared to it. The strap on bare skin
is much worse than a hand and also the sting and burn lasts a long time
afterward. Please be good. Don told me that anytime you need to be punished I
will too and I don't want phase two again."

"I'll be good. The handspanking was more than I want again. Where is Don?"

"He is in the basement working. Don't bother him he said he didn't want to be
disturbed."

"Oh I won't. I want to stay away from him. He stares at me and makes me
nervous."

"That is just because he thinks you are pretty. You should be flattered. I even
get compliments because you are so lovely."

"Maybe. But it still makes me nervous."

That wasn't completely true. It did make me feel nervous and embarrassed when he
stared at me in my bikini but I also loved the compliments and it was kind of
fun to see a lump rise in his pants when we did aerobics.

She looked at her watch and said, "Oh God. I have to change and start dinner. Oh
yes. I almost forgot. He bought you a present. It is a cute nightie. Why don't
you change into it for dinner?"

I went upstairs and saw it lying on the bed. It was a baby doll nightie which I
guess he thought was appropiate for a young girl but It was not like any I had
seen. The ones at walmart had Disney chacters on it and was made of cotton. This
thing was made of a white material that was so transparent I might as well have
worn plastic wrap. The thong panties were of the same material and when I put
them on you could see the lips of my pussy move when I walked. Even the second
layer of the top didn't help much and my pink nipples showed easily. I thought
about wearing a bra under it but I knew that would go over like a turd in the
punch bowl so I resigned myself to the fact I would be nearly naked. At least I
would have company since Mom would no doubt be in her negligee which was made of
the same stuff.

It seemed like very week he was dressing me in less. I wondered when all
pretense would be gone and I would have to be with him stark naked. I blushed at
the thought then went downstairs hoping to be seated and hidden before he came
back up from the basement.

It didn't work. When he came up from the basement he grinned and said, "Oh there
are my girls. Stand up Allene so I can see if the nightie fits alright.

I stood up blushing then he came over to me to turn me around. He said, My God
you seem to be growing everyday." He put his hands on my breasts and acted like
he was smoothing the material as he said, My you are growing! This is a little
tight. I will have to remember to go up one size."

I looked at Mom hoping she would tell him to stop because the material under his
hands was rubbing my nipples and making them stiff to add to my embarrassment
but she just smiled and said, "Yes. Soon she will be as big as me."

He let go of me and I quickly sat down to hide again and avoid seeing his
staring eyes. He must have noticed my distress because he chuckled and said,
"Allene is still bashful but she will get over that."

I didn't want to get over it. All through dinner his eyes roved back and forth
from Mom to me. At one point he said, "God I am a lucky guy to have such pretty
girls to take care of me."

I thought. For sure! I didn't know any guy who could make two girls dress any
way they wanted.

After dinner he said, "The basement is finished. Follow me. I know you will be
interested."

I didn't even know there was a basement and I would never have found it. He went
to the panelled wall in the study and pushed, The panel went in then popped out
to let his hand in to pull it open to reveal stairs.

We followed him down to a dimly lit large room. It had some strange furniture
and it was scary to see ropes with leather cuffs hanging from the ceiling.

He said, "I think I have arranged the room nicely in the order of the phases.
This is the spanking bench which I have kindly padded and covered with leather
and this is the instrument for phase two. The tawse."

He held up a wide piece of leather that had been split into three thongs about
two feet long. I shuddered thinking the comfortable bench would be little help.

He went on to say, "I noticed Alma had trouble remaining still for the tawse so
as you can see I have installed wrist and ankle cuffs to keep you in position."

I looked down at the cuffs and saw they would be holding my legs apart to add
the embarrassment of exposing my sex from the rear. I shuddered at the thought
of that tawse so close to the lips of my pussy.

He hung the tawse back on it's hook and said, "This is for phase three."

He picked a thin whippy bamboo cane from the wall and swung it back and forth to
make a whirring sound. I swear my butt stung just from the thought of it hitting
me.

Then he pointed out a couple of 4x4 posts set in the floor with a crosspiece
made out of a lathe turned post I recognized from the hardware store as a
bannister post. It was turned to make hills and valleys.

He said, "I have found it best to have the buttocks and thighs tight for the
cane so this will make you bend over at an acute angle. Lean over it Allene so I
can make sure the height is right. I won't bind you but put your ankles and
wrists close to the cuffs."

I shuddered and said quaveringly, "You won't hit me will you? I have been good."

"No of course not. I just want to check the height. Do it!"

I bent over it trapping my nightie top between my hips and the crosspiece. I was
bent over so far my fingers touched my toes and I felt a strain at my thighs.

He came over to me and said, "Of course this will have to be out of the way."

He reached around me to pinch the top at my tummy and drag it from where it was
trapped between my body and the crosspiece then dropped it. Nayurally gravity
took over and it slid down to my head baring my breasts completely. While I
blushed at this exposure he grabbed the sides of my hips to lift me slightly and
push me forward. One of the hills slipped over my pubic bone to slide into the
top of my slit and over my clitoris. I gasped and noted the slightest movement
made the hill rub on my clit. It made me almost instantly wet and I was glad
when he pulled me back up to say, "Now we will look at phase four and five."

He picked up a whip! It was made of four leather thongs coming out of a handle
dangling ominously about three feet long. He handed it to me and said, "Feel it.
I have soaked it in olive oil to make it soft so it won't cut your lovely skin."

I took it nervously and felt the thongs. True it was soft but the oil had made
it heavy and I groaned thinking of the way it could bruise me.

He said, "Come over here Alma so I can show you how you will be bound."

Mom trembled and whispered. "Oh God." but went to him where he pulled her legs
open to buckle cuffs around her ankles then her wrists. He went over to the wall
and began turning a crank on a winch. The ropes to her wrists began pulling up
her arms as they ran over pulleys in the ceiling about four feet apart.

Her arms rose slowly until they were tight and she moaned, "Enough. Enough! I
can feel my vertabrae separating!"

He came around to her front and looked at her approvingly. She looked fantastic!
The thin material of her negligee did not hide the fact that her breasts had
risen to eliminate the little crease normally under them and her tummy had sunk
in so far her ribs were showing. He began caressing her tummy and breasts then
said, "Come over here Allene and feel how firm this makes her body."

I went over to her to feel her tummy which was tighter than she could have ever
made it be just by sucking it in. She moaned and blushed obviously embarrassed
her daughter was touching her.

He let her hang there as he explained. "On phase four you will be whipped on
your back from your shoulders to your midd- thighs but in phase five you will be
whipped both on front and back. Don't worry. I won't hit your delicate breasts
and genital area hard enough to cause damage. Just enough to sting, burn and
bring you to a dark red."

That was little consolation and I moaned fearfully, "Oh God! I will never do
anything to bring me to phase five."

He smiled evilly and said, "Good because that could lead to Phase six. He
pointed out a huge barrel he must have bought from a winery and said, "For this
you will be bound face up and your breasts, stomach, and vaginal area will be
stung with this little instrument I found at a sporting goods store. He picked
up what looked like the smallest end section of a fishing rod. I realized the
little line guide at the end could be directed to hit the most sensitive places
of my nipples and clit. The thought was terrifying and I could only Moan, "Oh
No!"

He began taking Mom down and she sighed at the release of the pressure on her
joints as I looked around to see something else weird. It looked like the roof
of a big dog house or something including the composition shingles with large
granules of sand.

I had visions of being put inside it to reduce me to the status of a dog but
when I asked him what it was for it turned out to be much worse.

He explained, "That is for detention while awaiting your turn for punishment.
You will straddle it and I think you will find the sharp granular surface will
be very uncomfortable."

That had to be the under statement of the year. Just the thought of that thing
digging in to my delicate pussy and scraping my tender inner thighs made me let
out a sob.

When she was loose we went back upstairs to my complete relief. Now that I had
seen that awful place I knew I had to be good.

I was very good. I worked hard at my aerobics and found I was getting used to
being so naked around him. I worked hard at school and did my chores with no
argument.

That didn't mean Mom escaped. One evening after dinner he had her come over to
him and put his hands on her butt to say, "My. Your bottom is cold. Should I
warm it up for you?"

To my surprise she blushed and said, "I guess you should."

Without being told she pulled off the negligee to leave her naked except for the
tiny thong panties and laid over his lap.

He began spanking her butt cheeks hard enough to turn them red while she gasped
and moaned.

It seemed so unfair. She had done nothing wrong! I felt embarrassed for her and
didn't want to be next so I went to my room still hearing the sharp "Slaps."

I couldn't understand how she could do that with no protest at all. I had AOL on
my computer. I clicked on it. As usual the access number was busy so I used the
800 number. 800 numbers are free right?

Just out of curiosity I put "Spank" in search. I was amazed to see hundreds of
sites show up. I I/M'd a boy I had met in a chat room and told him what I found.
He said those were all spam sites that charged money and to go to Newsgroups to
check out the Alt. sites which were free. I went there and found alt sex
spanking. He had told me to ignore the spam and I scrolled down to find
discussions and stories. I read gobs of them totally amazed that so many people
were turned on by spanking or being spanked.

I turned it off finally and began to think about my spanking. I remembered that
it hurt but mostly I remembered how turned on I got from the salve afterward. I
began to understand why Mom had not protested.

The next morning he had left early for work so I had a chance to talk to Mom. I
noticed she was still bashful because after he had left she had put on a regular
house dress that hid her completely.

I said, "How could you let him spank you for no reason. Are you nuts?"

She blushed and said, "Oh that wasn't a punishment spanking. He can give easy
spankings that are just exciting. I only fear the punishment things that really
hurt."

It still sounds a little crazy to me. I was surprised he didn't take you to
phase 2."

"Actually if I screw up again I will go to phase three which really frightens
me. At least if you screw up I will be able to stay at phase 2 which is
bearable. You will continue to be good won't you?"

"For sure. Phase two doesn't seem bearable to me."

I really tried to be good. I couldn't think of anything I did wrong. I had
joined almost all the extra- curricular things at school to have an excuse to
stay late to avoid him and thankfully he thought that was a good idea to prepare
me for college.One night I was relieved when I got home from shool and he was in
his office paying bills. That meant I had even more time to avoid putting on the
skimpy clothes he would decide on for the evening.

Suddenly he came boiling out of his office yelling, "Allene! What have you done?
The AOL bill is $200.00 it should only be $19.95. Have you been going to pay
sites or using the 800 number."

I was scared to death. He was so mad his face was red. I shrank back and mumbled
"I used the 800 number but it is free isn't it?"

"No, you idiot! That number costs six cents a minute. Alma damnit I told you to
show her how to use AOL to do research for her school projects."

Mom cringed and said, "I'm sorry but she said she was getting along fine on her
own."

"That is no excuse.You should have told her to avoid pay sites and the 800
number. You are lucky that I agreed to let you take the same punishment as her
for her mistakes. Now get your asses down to the basement."

Mom and I began crying just at the thought of what was coming but followed him
meekly to the basement.

When we got there shaking with fear he looked at me still in my school clothes
and said, "You knew I was home. Why aren't you in your nightie. As extra
punishment you will be punished naked. Take off everything. Even your shoes and
socks."

That really made me blush. I mean the nightie didn't hide much but it was
something. I began to sniffle but started undressing. Unfortunately I had worn a
sheer blouse so I had put on a slip which meant the undressing would last
longer. I hated the stares as my clothes came off one by one giving him the
satisfaction of seeing a strip tease like I had seen on TV.

Finally I was naked and staring at the floor in shame. He said, "Alma. You too."

She let out a little sob and took off her negligee and panties then we stood in
front of him to see his gloating face.

"Okay get over the spanking bench."

We laid over it side by side As he buckled on the cuffs I became even more
frightened knowing there was no escape.

Finally we were fastened and he had grabbed our hips to get our butts just where
he wanted them and I watched fearfully as he went for the tawse and brought it
back.

I heard a "Whir" then there was a terrible sting and burn across the roundest
part of my ass. We both screamed in pain. I thought his hand had been bad but it
was nothing compared to this. He kept bringing it down over and over as we
screamed and struggled against our bonds until he had covered every inch of us
from the top of our butts to mid thigh. We finally became so exhausted we could
only gasp at the final one that hurt terribly just where the thighs turned into
butt.

He unbuckled us and carried Mom upstairs. I was so weak I just laid there
feeling the burn for a while then went upstairs to get into the cool shower
leaving the plug in to fill the tub.

I laid in the tub for a long time on my tummy but eventually the stings and
burns went away so I could go to bed. It seemed so unfair but then I remembered
a little notice had come up everytime I had used the 800 number but the print
was so little I had ignored it and just clicked okay to make it go away.

Now that I was out of the tub my ass began hurting again.I remembered the salve
that had helped after my spanking and went downstairs stark naked to get it. I
heard them in their bedroom. Mom was making squealing noises but they didn't
seem to be being caused by pain.

I stood in front of my three way mirror to put the salve on. My whole butt and
thighs were a maroon color I knew would turn into bruises.

The next morning he yelled up to me saying, "You and Alma need some rest so I
called the school to say you were ill."

God I was grateful for that. I was sure I wouldn't be able to sit in those hard
chairs all day because my butt was throbbing.

We stayed in bed until nearly noon. Mom was making coffee when I came down and
we drank it standing up. We compared bruises and I found I had actually been
lucky to be close to him because she had caught the ends which had whipped
around to get the sides of her thighs as well.

I said, "Oh God Mom. I don't think I could stand phase three."

"I don't want it either honey. For God's sake be good. There is some
satisfaction though in knowing you have been forgiven isn't there."

"I guess so and at least it was all over pretty fast. I guess it was better than
being grounded forever or have to pay back the money by doing some shitty
chores."

Yes and he is proud of us for being so brave and not fighting him. He is going
to pick up some gifts for us."

"Well, I said, No gift would make up for phase three.




                          STEPDAD 3

I was such a good girl for the next few weeks anyone would be pleased but as the
memory of my terible spanking faded my curiosity overcame me. In spite of the
dread and fear I knew it would instill when Mom was working outside I went down
to the basement.

Everything made me feel squeamish but at the same time I remembered watching
American Movie Classics on cable when they showed the Flash Gordon serials. They
were really old. Long before I was born. The stories were flimsy and the special
effects were incredibly crude but I remembered all the things that happened to
his girl friend. It seemed she was always being bound or hung by her wrists in
some dungeon only to be saved at the last minute by Flash.

I guess I have too much imagination. I laid over the spanking bench, the caning
post, and then grabbed on to the ropes to hang from the ceiling feeling a
wonderful stretching feeling as I imagined Flash breaking through the door to
rescue me. Often His girlfriend, Jane I think, Would allow herself to be
captured to save him and I imagined myself the brave heroine that would
sacrifice herself for her love.

I visited it often and thought that if I did have to be punished again I could
use that fantasy to help me through the ordeal.

Then it happened. I got into a fight with a girl at school. She accused me of
hitting on her boyfriend when all I had done was compliment him on a story he
had written in the school newspaper. It wasn't even all that good but he had
loved my reportage of his performance in the last football game so I thought I
would return the favor.

We began yelling at each other and I am afraid I ended up calling her a bitch
and a whore. She punched me in the stomach!

All the aerobics had made me strong and I pushed her up against the wall and
proceeded to work her over until someone dragged me back.

We were taken to the principals office and the bitch said I attacked her for no
reason. I said she had hit me first and lifted my shirt to show the red mark of
her fist but she opened her blouse to show black and blue marks all over her
stomach and then to my disbelief pulled down the top of her bra to show a black
and blue spot on her tit.

 Christ! They acted like I had just shot Bambi. I got no sympathy. I was told
that even if she had hit first my retaliation was way out of line and that he
was calling my father to suggest I may need psychiatric help to control my
temper.

Shit! It was so unfair! I had never even yelled at anyone before and she would
not let me ignore her.

He told me to go home and calm down.

Jesus, I hated to go home. My only hope was that the principal would call Mom
and she would keep her mouth shut.

I wasn't that lucky. Mom ran to me as soon as I got into the door and said, "My
God Allene! Are you crazy! Don said he was called by the principal and that you
had attacked some poor girl who had to be taken to the hospital."

"Mom! She started it and she didn't need any damn hospital. She just had a few
bruises."

"Neverthless Don talked to her parents and thankfully they aren't going to sue
since Don agreed to pay the emergency room bill for her check-up. Oh God Allene.
He is really pissed off. We won't be able to sit for a week."

I began to protest again but she said, "I have more bad news. I am to take you
downstairs and put you on the roof thing to wait for him to come home for phase
three. I know that will be awful though so I will give you a break and not put
you on it until three. He is supposed to be home between three thirty and four."

I blanched. On one of my trips down there I had crawled up on it to see what it
would feel like. Even with panties on I could only stand it for a minute. Now at
best I would be there a half hour.

"Oh God Mom. Can't we just run down there when we hear his car come in the
driveway?"

"No way! He said if you weren't in position and crying by the time he got home I
would get phase three and four. I am not about to suffer needlessly because you
could not hold your temper."

I sobbed even more when she said, You had better get naked now just in case he
comes home early."

I took off all my clothes and sat on the couch naked watching TV hoping it would
take my mind off the upcoming ordeal about an hour away but it didn't work. Then
I thought about Flash Gordon and began to fantasize that Don was the evil
Emperor Ming and that I was going to suffer to save Flash who would be rescuing
me. I was deep into the fantasy when Mom said it was time.

We went downstairs and Mom had me hold on to a rope coming down from a pulley
over the roof. She pulled down on the rope to lift me over it then sat me down
as gently as she could. Even then it was Hell! I gripped the sides of the roof
to keep my pussy above the sharp top but the granules hurt my tender inner
thighs. She had me put my hands behind my back and put on handcuffs! Now I
wouldn't be able to hold myself off that evil sharp top with my hands. She left
saying, "Make sure you are crying when he comes down."

Eventually my legs tired and I felt myself slipping down. My pussy hit the sharp
top with granules and I frantically tried to lift myself but that was a mistake.
My efforts just let my pussy lips open and now the top slipped between the lips
and my weight was resting on my clitoris. God I can't describe how that hurt.
Worse any effort to relive the pain just made the granules tear at my inner lips
and clit. I could only try to sit quietly. Crying was not a problem. I was
bawling so hard I had hiccups before he finally came down.

My fantasy did not work. I just couldn't maintain it since I knew that there was
no Flash Gordon to rescue me. No matter how bad the caning would hurt I was
relieved when he lifted me off that damn roof to carry me over to the caning
thing.

He said nastily, "You are lucky I have negotiating skills. I swear if they had
decided to sue us I would take all the skin off your ass. Don't expect any
sympathy."

I tried to explain but he just yelled, "Shut up before you get more for lying. I
have heard the principals version of this incident and what witnesses had told
him."

I knew who the "witnesses" were. All of her friends.

He had Mom strip too then bent us over the bannister thing to put on the cuffs.
Again he pushed us forward and the hill on the bannister post dug into my slit.
I swear my pussy was so sensitve after the roof I could feel the grain of the
wood.

He did the cane differently. He gave me five quick lashes that stung beyond
belief then went to Mom to give her the same but I swear hers were not as hard
because they did not make as much noise. Actually the delay while he caned her
was good because I found if I rocked on the bannister the now wet wood rubbed on
my clit to send sparks into me to let me ignore the pain to my butt a little.

He returned to me to give me five more across the back of my thighs just below
my butt. I swear that hurt even more and I was screaming and bawling like a
baby. Mom's turn made her bawl too but there was even worse to come. He began
hitting my inner thighs barely below my pussy I know was pooching out behind me.
On these he would hit and then pause to let the terrible sting to sink in while
he gave one to Mom.

He gave us six there and by the time he quit We were simply hanging over the
bannister bawling our heads off.

He let us hang there while he used both hands to rub salve on the welts.
Incredibly as he rubbed causing the hill of the bannister to move on my pussy I
became excited in spite of the pain.

When he finished he pulled out a big mattress out of a corner and said, "You can
rest here until you feel like coming upstairs. I will make something to eat." I
watched him walk away. he was rubbing the lump in his pants.

Mom and I laid on it on our tummies and naturally began caressing each others
welts. It felt great to be soothed but I began to wonder if the punishments were
making me crazy. I said, "Mom. This is too weird! The damn bumps on that
bannister excited me. Maybe I should see a psychiatrist."

"No. It had that effect on me too. Especially since he didn't hit me as hard as
you. I wonder if he planned it."

We were sp exhausted from the pain we fell asleep for awhile. When I woke up and
woke her we started upstairs. I am sure we looked funny walking with our legs so
far apart to keep the welts on our inner thighs from rubbing but I wasn't
laughing.

He was no cook he had just made sandwiches that Mom and I ate standing up. it
didn't occurr to either of us to cover up.

After eating he had us lie on the rug on our tummies then used both hands to
caress in more cooling salve. The nap of the rug was causing my nipples to get
hard so I raised up on my elbows but as his hands kept caressing I let myself
down a bit to let my nipples slide on the needle like nap.

He said, "The roof calls for some extra salve for you Allene."

He began sliding his slippery fingers into my slit and over my clit. In spite of
my embarrassment and the remaining pain I went into orgasm hating myself because
he was sure to know.

Getting me off must have excited him because he picked up Mom and said, "Since
you are sore you can be on top."

In a few moment I heard her little squeals and went to my room wondering how
that big lump in his pants would feel stretching my little vagina.

I went to my room and knelt in front of the keyboard of my computer. There was
no way I could sit on the rattan chair. I waited impatiently as My modem rang
for AOL with the constant message line busy but there was no way I was going to
use the 800 number. Finally it rang through and when my buddy list showed my
friend I I/M,d him. I could never talk about this to anyone I knew but he was a
stranger. I had no idea how old he was or even if he was a he but he seemed to
know a lot about spanking. He sent a message, "brb finishing spades game" I was
mad that he kept me waiting until I realized he had no idea what I wanted.

He finally came back and I told him what had happened even admitting I had an
orgasm and asked if I should see a psychiatrist. he said, "No. You are just an
incredibly sensuous girl. A lot of women have orgasms from spanking. Your orgasm
came after the spanking while being caressed which is quite normal. A lot of
girls would have reached orgasm from that."

I told him it was still strange to me and was thinking of running away.

"Well that is an alternative although homeless girls are in a lot of danger. If
it is any consolation girls tell me the soft whip you described hurts a lot less
than either the tawse or the cane. Some even get orgasms from the whipping
alone."

I doubted that but I couldn't argue since I didn't know.

I didn't want to talk about it anymore. I had expected righteous indignation
rather than philosophy and said "Bye"

I went to SSS and began reading some more. Incredibly I found an author with the
same name as me and read her stories. She described fantastic excitement from
being whipped and since she was on AOL I put her on my buddy list before
resuming the reading. Most of the stories dealt with punishment spankings that
were not sexy at all and seemed to be just demonstrating their power over some
poor little girl.

A few moments later I noticed allenes URL show up on the buddy list and I i/med
her with the message, "gotta minute? Allene."

She sent back. "Is this a joke? I have never met another allene before."

I told her it was no joke that was my real name and to check my profile. My
profile was bullshit. I had put my age as 18 so older boys would talk to me.

She came back to say, "What can I do for you?"

I asked her if her stories were all just fantasy and she said, "Some but all of
the ones where the heroine is whipped came from real life. There is nothing more
thrilling than to be hung up to feel the stinging kiss of leather.

We had a long conversation. She was real patient considering the ton of e-mail
she said she had to answer. I became so engrossed I almost forgot my stinging
behind only to be reminded when I absently got up and sat on the chair.

That made me sign off to get into the cool shower but I thought about our
conversation all week and I didn't dread phase four or five anymore. She had
explained even frontal whipping was not so bad since it was still just skin just
like a butt and the only really sensitive areas unless you had PMS were the
nipples and clit

From then on when I sneaked down to the basement I looked at the cuffs hangin
from the ceiling more with a sense of curiosity rather than dread.




                      STEPDAD 4


For the next couple of weeks things were fairly normal. Normal for a
dysfuntional family that is. Mom was getting nude spankings every few days but
there was no longer any pretense that she was not excited by them. It just
embarrassed me to watch them so I would go to my room to watch TV or play on the
computer.

I became curious to know if guys in general would be excited by spanking a girl
or if the peple in ASS were a very small minority. I started going to chat rooms
to check profiles for boys my age and older then I/m them to see if they wanted
to chat privately. Most did unless they were in the middle of a flame war.

I would let the conversation move into sex then somewhere along the line I would
ask if they would be excited by spanking a girl. A few politically correct ones
would say it would not be right to hurt a girl but a hell of a lot of them would
say they would and usually give some story about seeing a girl spanked or
claiming they spanked their girl or sister and how they had become real excited
and so had the girl. Surprisingly a lot of guys said they would like to be
spanked by a girl.

That increased my curiosity and I began I/m ing girls to tell them my boyfriend
would not give me my birthday present until he had given me a birthday spanking
and what did thry think about that.

Most of them were shocked and told me to stay away from him before he did
something worse but quite a few said they had birthday spankings too and they
hadn't hurt much and had excited both of them. Some had such long stories to
tell they told me they would e-mail me since it was hard to I/M over short
sentences.

My e-mail grew like Topsy and I began to think maybe it wasn't so weird I had
become excited and that Mom was loving it.

I really don't know how Don resisted raping me. He must have terrific will
power. He kept dressing us in sexy things and would grope me whenever I got
close but every time a lump formed in his pants he would just get up to pull Mom
into the bedroom. I don't think she had as much sex in her life. she actually
thanked me for turning him on.

About a couple of weeks later I had a shock at school. The principal went to my
locker and rolled in the master combination numbers I think every kid in school
knew. I even used it myself since it was easier to remember than my assigned
combination. It was 1 left 2 right 3 left.

He pulled out a copy of the history teacher's next test! He said, "I was afraid
of this. You have stolen a test in order to cheat. Come with me." I looked
around and Jodie, the girl I had punched out, was grinning in triumph.

I knew she had framed me but this time I was lucky enough to talk my way out of
it. I told him Jodie was still mad and had tried to frame me. I proved the
master combination was well known by opening the first locker outside his door
and pointing out the fact I loved history and had made straight "A"s with
different teachers. I also told him the history teacher was dumb to leave the
tests in his desks because anyone could get it and make copies. I finally
convinced him although he said there was no way he could prove Jodie was
responsible especially since she was such a nice girl.

That was a crock of crap. She sucked up to all the teachers but to all the kids
except her little clique of friends she was a total bitch.

the principal had the master combination changed and locked it in his desk amd
told the history teacher to keep his tests locked up. It was kind of fun to see
a lot of kids including Jodie have their test grades go into the toilet.

I didmn't know what to do. I sure as hell couldn't beat her up again so I
thought I had better try to make peace. I went to her and said, "I know you
tried to frame me but I can understand your hating me. Let's Make peace, My
stepdad gave me a terrible spanking for fighting with you."

"Bullshit. My ribs are still sore. A little spanking doesn't make up for that."

I protested, "It wasn't a little spanking. I was hit with a cane and it hurt
like hell. If I get in trouble again I will be whipped."

"For sure bitch because next time you are going to be caught with drugs. Explain
that away to the principal, the cops. and your stepdad!"

I panicked. My stepdad went on a rant everytime the TV or newspaper even
mentioned kids and drugs. I hung my head in defeat and pleaded, "Please don't do
that. If you want to beat me up to get even go ahead. You can even tie my hands
so I can't fight back. I won't tell on you. I'll say I was mugged by a black
gang."

She grinned trumphantly and said "I will think about that and get back to you."

At noon when I went to lunch Jodie waved me over to her table with her snooty
friends. I had never tried to associate with them  since they all had "Old"
money and thought their shit didn't stink. She made room between her and her
boyfiend. He was a senior as well as the other boys. None of the other seniors
went with freshmen so I assumed they were attracted by the money.

She got right to the point. "We have been discussing how you could make up for
your assault on me. Do you remember last weeks history lessons?"

"Yeah. You mean about the negro slaves."

"Specifically I am talking about the picture of the nigger being whipped.
Remember that?"

It was vivid in my mind especially since I was under the thrat of a whipping at
home. It was a picture of a black man with the back of his shirt torn open and
red stripes across his back.

I mumbled "Yes. Why? although I was sure I knew the answer.

"I doubt you really got a spanking but if you want to avoid more trouble you can
make up to me by agreeing to let us whip you."

I thought she meant it to be literally like the picture and said, "Oh God, no.
How could I explain my ripped blouse and the red stripes?"

She grinned over the fact I had only objected to that and not the whipping
itself and said, "There won't be any ripped clothes or stripes. We will use
this. Here look at it. I made it myself out of an old leather skirt."

I took it and kept it under the table so no-one else could see it. It was a lot
like Don's whip except softer and not as thick.

I said, "It may not leave stripes but it would still make me so red my folks may
notice."

She grinned again since my objections were getting weaker and said, "That isn't
a problem. My folks are going out of town this weekend and I am having a slumber
party. You will have all night and the next day for the redness to fade."

I ran out of objections and said humbly, "If I do this will you promise to stop
making trouble for me?"

"Yes of course. And it will let you join our club."

I didn't give a damn about that most of the kids hated them for even having a
club but then I remembered How Don would have me for a whipping and said, "Will
I have to take off my clothes?

She was shocked and I hated myself for asking. Obviously it had not occurred to
her. She recovered quickly though saying, "Of course. You couldn't even feel
that little whip over clothes."

Suddenly the boys stared at me excitedly and I kind of wished my big boobs
weren't pushing out my blouse.

Now the idea really embarrassed me and I said, "If I don't do this will you
really plant drugs on me?"

"For sure. There are gobs of opportunities. You have to change for gym and the
gym lockers don't have locks."

She had me. I gulped and said, "Okay if I have to."

"Believe me you have to do it. You will get an invitation in the mail and Bill
and I will pick you up at eight."

A few days later we recived an expensive engraved invitation saying,

You are invited to a chaperoned party at our house Saturday night followed by 
swimming and tennis Sunday. Bring Your nightie and overnight kit. Entertainment 
will be provided.

I gulped knowing I was the entertainment. Don was overjoyed saying, "Great
Allene. You got into the snooty set. Now maybe I will be able to join the
country club which could get me a lot of business. For God's sake don't make
anyone mad."

He jumped into his car to get me a more respectable nightie and came back with
thick cotton pajamas with Mickey Mouse on them. I was sure the snooty girls
would laugh at them but I sure as hell couldn't wear the transparent ones.

My fear built up all the next day and I was so shaky she had to help me button
the little pearl buttons of the party dress Don bought for me.

Jodie and Bill picked me up promptly at eight. I was told they had to wait until
her parents were on the plane and couldn't come back.

To my surprise they were real friendly and complimented my dress although Jodie
was wearing a more sophisticated black coctail dress.

All I could think of was my upcoming whipping and finally got up the nerve to
ask how many lashes I would have to take.

Jodie just grinned and said "Oh you will determine that."

That relieved me a little and I began to think about the minimum they may let me
get away with.

At the party there were the three other girls in her "club" with their boy
friends and three stag boys Jodie said were from the exclusive prep school in
town. She immediately took me over to the punch bowl and said, "Have a drink. It
may help you later. It is vodka and orange juice. It is good for you."

I had never tried anything but a beer but a drink appealed to me and I drank one
of the little crystal cups and refilled it.

She took me over to meet the prep boys and they stared though my clothes letting
me know that Jodie had told them I would be naked later.

The stero was going and one of them asked me to dance. I chugged down the drink
and took his arm. Thank God I had danced along with the people on MTV so I
didn't look like a fool.

After the dance I made my way back to the punch bowl but Jodie said, "That will
be your last one. We don't want you numb. Do we?"

I had barely finished it and was feeling a little giddy when Jodie turned off
the stereo to say. "Bill has everything ready for our entertainment. Shall we go
to the back lawn?"

There was almost a stampede to the door. Jodie took my arm to lead me out and I
began to tremble knowing my ordeal was about to start.

We went out to the back lawn and I saw Bill had parked the cars in a semi-crcle
to brightly light a big walnut tree that had a rope with wrist cuffs hanging
down ominously.

They brought me out under the cuffs then Jodie said, "Okay allene. Take off the
clothes and do it slow. The boys want to be teased."

I put it off as long as I could starting with my shoes then reaching under my
dress to pull off the pantyhose without showing anything but my legs then I
froze. Jodie said nastily. "get on with it!"

I whined. "I can't do the buttons."

One of the prep boys yelled, "I'll help!"

He stepped behind me to unbutton the little buttons clear to my waist then
slowly pulled down the dress little by little, The trasnsparent slip didn't hide
my uplift bra that barely covered my nipples my flat tummy and finally the white
panties that under the bright light I was sure would be transparent. I trembled
and blushed. When the dress was on the ground I stepped out of it while the boy
pulled down my slip to let it puddle at my feet. Then I stood there hoping my
near nudity would satisfy them since the boys were cheering and applauding the
sight of me.

Jodie yelled, "The rest of it."

I sobbed and took off the bra to more cheers at my 34C boobs which were as big
or bigger than any of the other girls.

I froze again until Jodie yelled, "The panties too. Damnit!"

In embarrassment I slowly slid them down not realizing the slow journey to
reveal my pussy was just what they wanted. When they were at my knees I let go
of them to let them puddle at my feet. "Some boy yelled, "Yay! She has a shaved
pussy and it is a sweet one."

I swear I blushed to my toes then Jodie and Bill added to my embarrassment by
taking my arms and leading me closer to the goup where boys reached out to
fondle my boobs and pussy while making crude comments. I was almost glad to be
led away from them to the tree where the cuffs they had made out of dog collars
lined with sheepskin were buckled on my wrists.

Bill went by the tree to pull me up until I was on tip toes. In spite of my
embarrassment I felt flattered when someone said, "Jesus. She is fucking
beautiful!"

Jodie came over to me and said, "Remember I told you that you would determine
your punishment. Pick a card out of this deck with your teeth. Number cards are
the number Jack is eleven, Queen twelve King thirteen and ace fourteen."

I leaned my head forward to the deck she had fanned out with both hands and
prayed for a deuce. I was not that lucky. I got a ten. I found out much later
that it was a pinochle deck with the lowest number a nine.

She yelled out" A Ten!"

I thought that ten might not be too bad. Certainly not as bad as the cane but
then she yelled, "Okay gang. Line up. Five on the front and five on the back."

God. I was no Math whiz but even I knew that was a hundred and ten lashes. I
began crying as they lined up.

There was a sting on my butt followed closely by another across my belly. I was
amazed. Sure it stung but not as bad as Don's hand.

The lashes began rangeing up and down my body from my shoulders to mid thigh but
the only ones that stung really bad were the ones across my nipples. With my
legs together My clitoris was protected and the skin of my groin was no more
sensitive than my tummy.

I was moaning and sobbing but as it went on and on the stings seemed to radiate
deep inside me and to my groin to create fantastic excitement. Someone was
yelling out the count and when it got to a hundred I was into multiple orgasms.
I am sure they thought my trembling and pulsating body was just a reaction to
the pain.

The Jody yelled, "I get the last ten. Hold her guys!"

Bill and a prep guy grabbed my ankles and pulled them apart until I was nearly
doing the splits. Obviously the juices of my pussy glistened in the bright light
because some guy yelled excitedly, "Jesus! She is getting off on this! Her pussy
is dripping!"

Jodie said,"Let's see how she like this!"

She brought the whip up fom the ground like a softball pitcher to make the
lashes snap into my gaping pussy. The sting was unreal but it just brought me to
a higher plateau of orgasm. She began a routine of pussy, breast, pussy, breast
until I fainted from a gigantic orgasm.

When I came to they had looped my slip under may armpits and I was supported in
a loose standing position by a rope to the chandelier. My whole body felt like
it was sunburned. I felt greasy hands all over me and heard Jodie say, "I hope
this sunburn lotion works. We have to have her skin normal by tomorrow."

Incredibly the greasy hands running over my nipples, tummy, pussy and inner
thighs excited me again! someone said, "Christ. She is getting excited again.
She loves this!

A prep boy said, "I know something she will like even better!"

He jerked off his elastic waisted pants and his shorts in one motion. His hard
cock flipped up to snap the head into his belly button. I had never seen a hard
dick before. The books in sex ed always showed them soft and so were the statues
at the museum.

He pushed it down with his hand and drove it into my now wet and greasy slit. I
swore it went all the way to my stomach but it felt wonderful as he thrust it in
to his balls then out until the head nearly came out until I was in orgasm
again.

This started an orgy, Clothes were coming off everyone to be thrown to the floor
and couples were fucking in chairs, couches and on the floor.

But I was fucked more than anyone as the prep boys took turns. At one point
there was a dick in my pussy and butt hole at the same time which drove me wild.

It changed my life. After that I had so many dates I could pick and choose and
now I don't even care if Don whips me. I only hope the sharper stings will raise
me to even greater heights.

 Mom's flowers came up real nice  I wanted to suck up to my math teacher a
little I cut a bunch for her. She was delighted which made me happy dince I
needed all the help I could get in math. I guess I should have been a little
more selective though. instead of taking one or two flowers from each plant I
kind of denuded the ones close to the sidewalk.

When I got home Mom was pissed! She said how could you ruin my flowers! They
looked so pretty and now there is a big hole! If it woulddn't get me into
trouble I would tell Don!"

I felt lucky at that but tried to explain I needed brownie points with my
teacher. She still was pissed saying I could have at least spread out the
cutting.

She didn't have to tell Don. He noticed it on the way in and asked her what had
happened. Mom, the wimp, told him while crying.

He stared at me and said, "Your Mom has already been punished by your
thoughtlessness but you haven't. You will taste phase four."

I don't know what got into me. "I screamed, "I didn't hurt the damn flowers!
They will grow back. I needed them to give to my Math teacher. Fuck You Don! I
don't care if I have to go to phase five. This is unfair!"

"You got it you little bitch! Alma you stay upstairs this may scare you. Allene
get downstairs, strip and wait on the roof. I will be down after I have had my
drink!"

The enormity of what I had done scared me so bad I cried all the way downstairs
but once I was naked I got mad at myself for being stupid. I put my hands on the
top part of the roof to get my tummy on the sharp top then swung around to let
my legs down. I was so mad at myself I didn't even try to grip the roof sides
and let all my weight down on my pussy and even rocked back and forth to make it
hurt even more.

The effect was not what I had planned at all! The granules sandpapering my labia
so close to my clit created a pain that was exciting me!

Don must have gulped his drink because he was lifting me off the roof in only a
few minutes to carry me over to the wrist cuffs hanging from the ceiling.

He really scared me by saying gruffly, "I will call the school tomorrow to get
you excused from gym calsses because your body will not be fit to display for a
few days."

When I was pulled up tight he felt my tight tummy, boobs and butt saying. "Good
the skin is tight enough to really let you feel the whip." That brought back my
crying and trembling.

He moved to my side and began backhanding the front and forehanding the back of
my thighs. I suddenly realized he was not the expert at punishment he thought he
was. Sure the whip stung bad but it was not nearly as bad as the cane. He aimed
carefully to let red lines move up my thighs about an inch apart. The stings
were creeping up but the pain was radiating and seemed to converge at my pussy.

Believe it or not I was almost disappointed my hips protected my vaginal lips.
As the stings moved up my tummy to my boobs my excitement was peaking and I
didn't scream until the terrible one across both nipples. Then he was at the top
of my boobs and stopped!

Jesus I was just at that terrible, wonderful feeling just before orgasm and was
about to ask for more when he suddenly slapped his hand into my pussy letting
the middle finger slip in between the lips and slide on my clitoris.

I made a low moan and pushed against his hand.

His eyes widened and he exclaimed, Jesus! You are getting off on this!!"

I could only moan, "Yes. More!"

He began flipping the whip into my pussy and when I only pummped my hips in
response he began letting the tip go into my splayed open slit. The sting and
drag on my clit threw me into a monster orgasm that rocked my whole body!

It must have been too much for him because he dropped his pants and drove his
huge schlong deep inside my dripping pusssy. It was dejavu the slumber party
except his dick was so much bigger than the boys and he lasted a lot longer to
let me orgasm about three more times befor he began flooding my pussy with his
sperm.

He stepped back to stare at my striped, panting, sweaty body for a moment then
pulled up his pants to take out a handkerchief to wipe my pussy saying, "We
won't tell your Mom about the fucking. Will we? It can be our little secret."

By that time my breathing was near normal so I could say, "I won't tell her. She
would never let us be alone together again."

He unbuckled me and carried me over to the mattress to rest but even though the
ticking was not that rough it irritated my raw skin and I just rested on my
knees until Mom came down to help me upstairs for the cool tub she had prepared.

When she saw my striped body and especially all of them running together on my
breasts and pussy she said, "Oh you poor baby! It won't be that bad again. I
think Don must feel guilty because the other times whipping us made him horny
and this time he just went to bed alone.

I smiled knowing the truth was that I had totally fulfilled him.

The cool bath worked again to stop the burn and when I got out Mom dabbed my
skin with a soft towel to dry me then had me stand in my room while she got the
salve.

She started on my breasts and her soft hands felt so good as they caressed in
circles I felt like purring but then she began rubbing my nipples which
instantly sprung to life and the just good feeling became very erotic. She
didn't even seem to notice the nipples becoming erect and vibrating as her
thumbs flipped them. She just started down my stomach to caress those welts but
all I could think of was that those fabulous soft fingers were working their way
down to my crotch.

She was there and now my vaginal lips were squirming and opening and closing as
her fingers rubbed over them. Now the soothing aspect was gone to be overtaken
completely by rising excitement.

She said, "How could he hurt this sweet little pussy," and kissed it! I went
crazy and grabbed the back of her head to drive her lips into me. She managed to
pull back to look up at me and said, "Oh god honey. This is sick! Are you sure
you want it?"

I was so excited I could only nod and pulled her head against me again. Suddenly
it was not just Her lips! Her tongue began swirling around my clitoris and it
felt so wonderful I closed my eyes and trembled as waves of excitement went
through me. At my first orgasm I opened my eyes and was shocked to see Don
standing at the door watching us!

I blushed and pushed her away. The smile left his face and he said, "Alma! What
are you doing! You could be arrested for this!"

Mom just sunk to sit on her legs and sobbed, "Oh God. I don't know what
happened. I just meant to comfort her! I'm sorry. I am so sorry!"

He grabbed her hair to force her to look at his glowering face and said."You
know you deserve very harsh punishment for this don't you?"

She sobbed, "Oh yes! I will never be able to forgive myself if I am not
punished. Make me hurt as I have never beeen hurt before."

His voice became softer but no less menacing as he said." You will be able to
forgive yourself. Now go down and strip and get on the roof."

She ran out of the room sobbing, I am sure to escape his accusing eyes. I tried
to explain she had not hurt me but he said, "You are too young to know the
terrible things she may have done to your psyche. She might have turned you into
a lesbian! You will help with her punishment so she will know that you were a
victim!"

He hugged me to him and kissed me and to my shame I only regetted the shirt he
had on that kept me from feeling his body hair making my sensitive skin tingle
as it had after my whipping.

He led me downstair where Mom was desperately trying to hold her crotch off the
sharp roof by pressing her hands into it with stiff arms.

That made him angry and he said, "Try to cheat will you!" He went to the wall
and brought back two wrist cuffs with weights on them so heavy his arms were
pulled down straight and buckled them on to her ankles to let them drop. She
screamed as the weight pulled her into the sharp top so hard a wrinkle formed
above her slit. We left her there screaming and sobbing and went back upstairs.

He sat in his big chair and told me to make him a drink. That was easy since it
was just ice, whisky and water. When I brought it to him he drank it in gulps
then  he looked at my striped body and said, "Still sore?"

I shook my head and said, "Most of the pain is gone. It isn't like the cane."

"Good. You know a man can do anything a woman can do. Climb up on my chair with
your knees on the armrests."

I did which put his nose at my pubic bone. He grabbed my buttcheeks to pull me
into him and his huge tongue drove into my pussy and up and down the tender
inner lips and then began swirling around my clit. It was marvelous! I forgot
all about poor Mom being split in two by the evil roof. His hands left my butt
and I grabbed the back of his chair to continue pulling myself into that
marvelous tongue. Obviously he had removed his hands to slide down his pants
because just as I went into my first orgasm He pulled down on me as he directed
his big dick into my wet pussy. It was wonderful to be on top. I could squirm to
make it rub just where I wanted and could make the speed of his thusts faster as
I went into more orgasms.

I didn't notice when he came I only felt the loss as his soft dick escaped from
my pussy. He was a mass of sweat and was panting as he said, "God! Get me
another drink and make one for yourself."

We were so thirsty we gulped them down then he said, "You understand now that
your mother was leading you astray. Don't you?"

"Oh yes. I only want men. A woman could not finish me with a marvelous penis
like you did."

"Good! Then you understand why she must be punished?"

"Oh yes I could have become a lesbian, besides she knows she is guilty. Remember
she asked to be punished."

"Yes and she will get it. Let's go downstairs."

Mom was sobbing and leaning back to take some of the pressure off her clitoris
but I knew the pain to her tailbone would force her to rock back and forth as I
had.

She sighed in relief when he took off the weights. He picked up her limp body
and laid her over the barrel. I realized he was going to skip phase four and
five. She hardly noticed while he pulled her legs open to cuff them to the ends
of the barrel and only let out a small gasp as he tightened her arms to put her
into a back bend.

He looked at her stretched, sweaty body then said,"She looks too comfortable. Be
right back."

He came back carrying our straw Welcome mat.He grabbed her pussy lips to left
her up stretching them fiercely as she screamed to jam the mat under her ass. I
shuddered. I had accidentally pushed down on the mat once to get up from the
step and remembered how the sharp straws had felt like they would puncture my
palm. Now her much more tender butt was being forced into it.

He got the fishing rod end and handed it to me saying give her thirty-five
strokes. Ten to each breast and fifteen to her vaginal area. Hit hard unless you
want to take her place."

God I didn't want that! The first one to her right breast wasn't too hard but
even then the little round line circle left a terrible welt. It was her last
easy one because he said, "One more easy one like that and you will get
seventy!"

I showed no mercy even when he said,"Don't forget the nipples. At least two to
each one!"

The ones to her nipples brought agonized screams only surpassed by the three on
her exposed clit which made her faint. I stood there a moment staring at what I
had done. There were several places oozing blood from that terrible tip.

He took my mind off it by picking me up and carrying me upstairs. His dick was
rock hard and we barely made it to the carpet before he put me down on my back
and ripped off his clothes.

God he lasted forever, We fucked missionary style, me on top, doggy style, and
finally his dick lubricated by my pussy was shoved into my tiny anus. I was
afraid he had split me but even that was good as I discovered the hundreds of
sensitive nerves in my asshole. I must have cum a half dozen times maybe more.

Mom and I have had our roles reversed now. It is me that watches her like a hawk
to report any little error she makes because I know punishing her will excite
him enough to fuck my brains out.

Okay this is definitely THE END allene




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





