BDSM Library - A New Punishment for Susan




A New Punishment for Susan
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 14 year old Susan was used to her step father's evil shenanigans. She knew what torment he was capable of. But she never expected *this*...
(This is fiction.  Let's keep it that way.

If the rape and torture of young women offends you, please do not read this
story.  If it doesn't offend you, what the fuck's wrong with you?)




A New Punishment For Susan

By Mr. Mumei

Susan stood naked in front of her mother and stepfather, tears forming in her
eyes.

Her stepfather was seated comfortably on the couch. Her mother, Kim, was seated
to his left, wearing tight green jeans and a bra, leaving her shoulder, belly,
ankles and feet bare. Her mother, a thirty year old with the body of a twenty
year old, had a classic Irish complexion; pale but healthy skin complementing a
fiery shock of short-cut red hair. Her elfin face barely hid a smile of
anticipation that Susan had come to dread ever since her mother had married
William.

Susan herself was wearing only a white silk button-down shirt, completely
unbuttoned. It was not long enough to cover her butt or her privates. It didn't
help that her arms were raised in the air, her hands interlocked behind her
neck. This raised the line of the shirt above her belly button, and since her
shirt was unbuttoned, it was spread apart by her upraised arms so that her
nipples were exposed to the cold air and the hot stare of her stepfather. Susan,
fifteen years old, was aesthetically a perfect complement to her mother. Both
had slightly curly red hair, but Susan wore hers long, down to the neck. Both
were quite skinny, with pale but healthy complexions, but Susan was wider in the
hips with more luxurious bosoms, and her whole body seemed to be blushing most
of the time. Her mother had piercing green eyes and a face which seemed sly and
clever, while Susan had wide blue eyes and a face that spoke of innocence.

The tears glistening in those deep blue eyes made her all the more exquisitely
desirable. She knew her stepfather couldn't wait to bring forth cries of pain
and despair from her fragile throat and vulnerable lips. And she knew she
wouldn't receive any help from her mother. Not anymore.

There was a procedure that had to be followed when it was time for Susan to be
punished. The first step was for Susan to stand before her parents as she was
now - hands behind her neck, shirt unbottoned and opened wide, legs spread til
the feet were past the shoulders. While she was standing there, her mother would
read out a list of the rules Susan had broken, and the number of hits associated
with each infraction. She would read the list with that slight, eager smile that
Susan hated and dreaded so much. After the reading of Susan's crimes, Susan and
her mother would remove from their bodies a particular article of clothing.

There were rules about what they could wear in the house. Susan was only allowed
to cover either her breasts or her lower parts. The part she did cover, she was
only allowed to cover with one layer. In her chest-of-drawers could be found
only skimpy underwear, extremely short skirts and shorts, bras, and very
revealing and loose haltertops. The longest one of these left the bottom of her
breasts uncovered. The shortest didn't even cover her nipples. She was not
allowed to wear any piece of clothing more than once until she had worn all the
other clothes in her chest of drawers at least once, This guaranteed she would
wear the most embarassing clothes at least once every few weeks.

Her closet was kept locked, and only her mother or stepfather were allowed to go
into it to pick out an outfit for her to wear to school or to her "friend's"
houses. Of course, when William had moved in, he had given most of her clothes
away to charity and bought her a whole new wardrobe. Now, when she went to
school or went "out," she was never allowed to wear more than one layer of
clothing, or to wear sleeves that hid this fact, or to wear any shorts or skirts
which came down below the first quarter of her thighs. All of the outfits made
sure to make spectacular display of her tight midriff, and she was almost never
even allowed to wear shoes which covered more than ten percent of her feet.

Socks and pantyhose were an absolute no-no.

Her mother, Kim, William treated with slightly more respect. She, too, was 
only allowed to wear either some kind of shirt, or some kinds of pants,
shorts, or skirt, though never both. But she fared better than Susan however,
for when she wore pants etc, she was allowed to wear a bra, and conversely, when
she wore some kind of shirt, she was allowed to wear a pair of underwear.

Neither female was ever allowed to wear shoes or socks inside the house.

And when it was time for Susan to be punished, she had to wear this silk shirt,
unbuttoned, and of course, opened wide by her outstretched arms.

When the reading of the crimes was completed, Susan was to take off the
shirt, while her mother removed either the pants or the underwear which
covered her private parts. Susan was then to walk forward to her
stepfather, and lay herself across his lap, placing her head on her
mother's lap. At this point, her mother was to take Susan's head, and
angle it so that her face was directly toward her mother's vagina. She
was then to push Susan's face into her nether regions as hard as she could
William had instituted this idea, ostensibly, so that Susan's cries and screams
would be muffled and neighbors wouldn't get curious and poke around. But the
three of them all knew that it also served the purpose of allowing Susan's
mother to get her self off directly out of Susan's pain and torment.

At this point, William would begin the first phase of the punishment - the
"spanking." They called it a spanking, but it was most certainly far different
from and far more agonizing than anything anyone else would have called a
"spanking." The instrument which William used was a hairbrush. This hairbrush
was the kind with the hard plastic bristles spaced a few millimeters apart with
little balls on the end to prevent it from scratching one's scalp. But William
had taken a pair of scissors and cut the balls off of every one of the bristles.
He made sure to cut at an angle, so that what was left was a hard spike of
plastic.

The brush was top-heavy and weighty, allowing William to apply a full and
painful force even in this over-the-lap position.

Susan would receive swats equal to the number earned by the infractions which
she had incurred. Generally it took only one blow to start Susan frantically
shouting. Her mother would push her face harder and deeper into her lap and her
vagina, barely bothering to suppress moans of pleasure. With each swat, Susan's
cries and wigglings would become louder and more frantic. But she knew if she
kicked too high or moved out of position, William would start his count over.

Her stepfather would divide the swats between her ass and her thighs. He enjoyed
hitting the part right in between the two several times in a row, driving Susan
to heights of agony with each additional swat to exactly the same place as the
previous one. Then he would move on to another part of her legs or her ass,
leaving the region in between the two to sting uncontrollably as she received
more blows to the rest of her backside.

Usually, her mother came sometime during this process, which would cause her to
push on Susan's head even harder, almost suffocating her. Once the number of
swats was completed, her stepfather would rub some kind of solution into it. She
didn't know what was in it, but she knew its purpose was supposed to be to keep
her beaten ass and legs from bleeding, scarring, or bruising too severely. She
also knew that this solution tended to magnify the pain of her wounds by a
magnitude of five or six. By now she would no longer be crying or even weeping -
she would invariably be screaming at the highest and loudest pitch she could in
her exhausted state. This got her mother off even more. That was not the end of
it.

Susan was then to stand again before her mother and stepmother. She was not to
touch her ass or her legs in any way in an attempt to rub away the pain. William
and Kim would walk her over to a table that was brought out for these occasions.
The table was too low for eating off of - it was made for other purposes . Susan
was to lay on her back on this table, and spread her legs and arms out as far as
she could. Kim and William would then tie her ankles and wrists to the legs of
the table, so that she was almost immobile. They tied her in such a position
that her head was made to hang off the edge of the table.

William would then position himself by the side of the table, and her mother
would position herself at Susan's head. Her mother was then to grab hold of
Susan's head, and step forward so that Susan's head was engulfed in her legs,
and her face was once again smothered in Kim's vagina. William would again begin
to beat Susan, this time using a whip with little metal balls tied into it. He
would give her the same number of lashes as he had given her in swats before,
this time dividing the lashes out between the front of Susan's legs, the inside
of her thighs, her beautiful midriff, and her breasts.

In the face of this excruciating pain, Susan was always able to find the
strength within her to scream long and hard into her mother's private parts. Her
mother would begin grinding her pelvis all over her daughter's face, lost in any
thought except her daughter's pain and humiliation and her own approaching
orgasm.

Kim would usually come twice or three times during this phase. Susan usually
passed out.

After again applying the solution to Susan's wounds, William and Kim would leave
her there, tied spread-eagle and weeping, and make love using many positions and
many orifices, getting off both on each other and on the wailing that was coming
from the direction of the table. That was the usual procedure, and Susan fully
expected that this was to be her fate this evening. Her knees were shaking as
she anticipated the cruel pains she was about to be subjected to. But then,
William began to speak, and what he said changed everything, and shocked both
Susan and his mother.

William explained that today, they were going to try something a little
different. He explained that the current procedure didn't seem to be getting
through to Susan, that instead, her infractions were becoming worse and more
frequent. (This was not true and all three of them knew it. In point of fact, it
was William and Kim's definition of "infraction" which had become more strict.
But of course, Susan dared not speak.) He explained that he was racking his
brains trying to figure out how he can show Susan just how terrible she is how
much she needs to improve her behavior if she ever expects to for him to be able
to find a husband or female master for her. This was after all the only hope she
ever had of safely leaving this house forever.

William paused. Susan and her mother both had no idea what William was about to
say. Susan was scared to death.

William then continued. He asked Susan if she loved her mother. Susan was taken
aback. She looked at her mother. Her mother was as confused as Susan was.

She looked at her mother - the one who had suffered abuse and torment under her
first husband - Susan's father. Looking at her mother, memories of that fateful
day came back to her. The day when Susan's father had decided to try to rape his
daughter at knifepoint. The day when Susan had taken control over her own life
and his, and had grabbed the knife out of his hand and killed him, stabbing him
twenty times as she took out the anger of a teenaged lifetime on his dead body.
That day, her mother had come home to see her husband dead and her daughter
crying with blood on her hands.

That day, her mother had given Susan a look of utter hatred and contempt. Susan
looked pleadingly into her mother's eyes that day, trying to share the pain they
had both suffered under her father through eye-contact. She felt sure her mother
would understand.

Susan's mother said only five words, venom dripping from every one. "You killed
him, you bitch!"

Then her mother left Susan with the corpse. Susan, in a frightened daze, didn't
move from where she was sitting until her mother returned with William in tow.
William was a police officer, whom Susan had seen around town rather often
lately. William and her mother's attitude toward each other immediately clued
Susan in on what was happening - William was her mother's lover.

Knowing he was a police officer, Susan began to panic. She tried to cough a few
incoherent phrases. "Shut up!" shouted her mother. She had told William
everything already.

William explained to Susan that he would be able to cover the whole thing up,
clean the crime scene, make it look like Susan's father had taken a trip to
Mexico, and dump the body where no one would find it. He told Susan that no one
would know that she had killed her own father. In return, he explained, Susan
would accept him as her mother's new husband, and as Susan's new father. She
would do absolutely any and every thing that he commanded, no questions asked.
The minute she began to rebel from this, he told her he would have her sold off
to a sex and torture slave ring, and tell all the newspapers that he had found
proof that she had killed her father, but that when he confronted her with the
evidence she ran out of the house and he never saw her again. He told her her
other option was to take her chances with the Law. He sneered as he told her
this.

Then he asked her if she would agree to these terms. For all Susan knew, she
would be put away for the rest of her life, or even put on the Chair, for
killing her own father, if she didn't accept William's proposal. She looked
again at her mother, hoping for some glimmer of pity or concern. Nothing.

In between wails of spiritual anguish, Susan finally said that fateful word -
"yes."

William moved in within the next few days. Immediately, he laid down rules for
Susan and her mother about clothing and behavior. Susan was only allowed to wear
next to nothing in the house, and the clothes she was allowed to wear to school
managed to remain legal while at the same time leaving nothing to imagination.

Rules for behavior for Susan included absolute subjection and humility before
her mother and stepfather, and complete and immediate obedience. There was only
rule for her behavior outside of the house. She was to accept, immediately and
without question, any sexual proposal from any person, male or female, pervert
or straight, regardless of position or type of sex. William made it clear that
he had contacts all over town who would report her if she refused any such
proposal. This was to extend even to casual remarks like "why don't you give me
some of that, babe." If some guy on the street were to say this to her, she was
to immediately stop whatever she was doing, approach the guy, and tell him that
she was his to do with her as he pleased.

Her mother had absolutely no objections to any of this. There were rules for her
dress and behavior, as well, almost as severe as those for Susan, but Kim seemed
to actually enjoy the idea of being paraded around as a sex toy. Susan
eventually came to realize that her mother enjoyed the idea that Susan's
innocence was being completely destroyed. Susan never received any compassion or
pity from her mother, after that day in which she killed her father.

Susan began to realize that this was why her mother had stayed with her father
so long. She actually sexually enjoyed submission and humiliation to cruel men.

Her first day at school after William took over the house, he chose her outfit.
He gave her a pair of cutoff jeans shorts which did not come below the line of
her private parts. The shirt she was to wear consisted of basically cloth to
cover her breasts, with a string going around both shoulders and around her back
to hold it on to her body. And for shoes, he gave her a pair of flip-flop
sandals with very slim straps. No bra or underwear, of course. She was basically
going to school naked. Not only did she have to endure the stares and snickers
of her classmates, but in third period, she was called to the principals office.
He had her stand in front of his desk.

The principal was a forty five year old former football coach. He had powerful
arms and a well-tanned body. He explained to her that he had noticed her outfit
when she walked into the school courtyard, and had spent the day trying to
figure out what to do about it. She was of course breaking several dress code
rules. So many, in fact, that he had been unsure as to whether it would be
appropriate for him to actually carry out the prescribed punishment. He told her
that he had finally resolved to call her stepfather, and discuss the matter with
him. He asked whether he would rather she be sent home to receive whatever
discipline her stepfather saw fit. But William had told the principal no, that
the principal should carry out whatever punishment was described in the books
for this kind of infraction. He asked whether Susan understood all this. Susan
looked down at his desk, and nodded, beginning to cry a little. The principal
recounted her infractions. The rule laid out in the student handbook was that
students were to receive three swats from the paddle for every minor infraction
of the rules, and ten for major infractions. Dress code violations were
considered minor infractions. He listed for her what rules she had broken.

1. No open toed shoes

2. Socks required

3. Shorts or skirts must come below the knee. Every inch above the bottom of the
knee was considered equal to one infraction. The principal at this point got out
a ruler, measured the length from the bottom of her knee to the top of her thigh
where the shorts ended, and explained that this length was equal to 10 inches,
and that meant 10 infractions.

4. No exposing of the midriff area. Again, each inch of seperation between
shirts and pants was equal to one infraction. The principal measured the
distance between her hip and the bottom of her breasts, and explained that this
was going to equal five infractions.

5. No tank tops or halter tops.

6. All shirts must have sleeves.

7. No exposing of the side of the torso or underarms.

8. Shirts must completely cover the torso, front and back.

9. A bra must be worn.

10. Underwear must be worn.

This meant a total of twenty three infractions. Each infraction incurred three
swats. The principal asked her how many swats this would total up to.

Susan gulped, sobbed, cried out, "sixty nine." The principal murmered that that
was correct. He stood next to her, and just stared for a few seconds. He then
explained that he didn't believe anyone's ass could take sixty nine swats from
his powerful arm without annoying questions being asked. He had explained this
to her stepfather, and he told her that upon her stepfather's recommendation, he
was going to divide the swats out so that several different places on her body
would receive them, rather than just her legs and ass. He told her that she
would receive twenty swats on her butt and legs with the paddle, twenty licks
with his metal ruler on her breasts and belly, and 15 swats on the inside of her
left leg, and the final 14 on the inside of her right leg. These last two were
to be applied using the rod that was attatched to his venetian blinds, which was
normally used to close or open the blinds. By now Susan was openly wailing.

But before he began, the principal said that her stepfather had told him one
other thing. He explained that William had said that whatever services he might
ask in return for his trouble would be given by her, no questions asked. He said
this carefully, and asked her carefully whether it was true.

Susan had no choice. She knew William would find out if she refused. She again
nodded her head.

The principal snarled. "Good," he said, and in one motion, had dragged her
shorts down off of her hips and unzipped his own pants. He grabbed her by the
shoulder and by the crotch and placed her on sitting on his desk. He thrust his
large penis straight into her vagina, not caring about matters of lubrication or
moisture. It probably hurt him almost as much as it hurt her to get inside of
her, but he didn't seem to care. He wanted to fuck this sexy fifteen year old,
always had, and intended to do so as viciously and selfishly as possible. Susan
screamed and screamed as she was impaled and bludgeoned in this fashion, but her
screams were taken by those outside the office to come from the princiapal's
spanking , well known to be agonizingly painful.

The principal had been so eager and turned on by the situation that he came very
quickly, after less than a minute. He just stood there, blown away by the
intinseness of his orgasm, grabbing her nipples and pinching them as hard as he
could. His pulsing penis burned inside of her. Finally, after a minute or so, he
drew out of her, and replaced his pants. He did not allow her to replace her
shorts. Instead, he told her to step out of them, and to remove her shirt. This
she did, still crying. She had hoped that this fucking would take the place of
the severe punishment which the principal had threatened.

It didn't. She received all of the licks that he had told her about. When he was
done, he again pinched her nipples as hard as he could and jammed his tongue
down her throat in some evil form of a kiss. Then he gave her five seconds to
get dressed and leave the office, which she, in her panic, actually managed to
achieve!

She was unable to sit down for the rest of the day, and everyone could see the
incredible redness of her ass, the inside and outside of her thighs, and her
belly, as well as the swolleness of her erect nipples thorugh her white
joke-for-a-shirt.

This was the beginning of Susan's humiliation. When she went home that day, she
received another five swats and five lashes for each infraction of school rules.
William didn't care that he was the one who had forced her to break the rules.
He had told her that anytime she was caught breaking a school rule, she would
receive five swats and five lashes for each infraction.

Her mother smiled evilly while William explained this to Susan. Every day, Susan
was called into the principal's office to receive punishment for breaking the
dress code, and a fucking as payment for his trouble. She didn't receive
punishements at home every day for these infractions, because the principal did
not bother to call William at home any more before going ahead with the
punishment. Because Susan was required to accept any and all sexual proposals,
she quickly became the favorite slut on her high school campus. She was a
freshman, and this made her all the more desirable to the Senior boy's huge
erect penisis. Not a day went by when she wasn't dragged to the bathroom or
locker room and repeatedly raped and humiliated. When she went to the girls
bathroom, she would get beat up and spit on, because she had fucked pretty much
everyone's boyfriend.

One day, William and Kim took her to a football game, wearing nothing but a
letter jacket. Not even any shoes, though it was a cold October evening. The
jacket barely came down to cover the bottom of her ass, and he had her unzip it
all the way to the bottom, so that, while her nipples weren't exposed to sight,
anyone could tell that she was wearing absolutely nothing underneath. They had
her walk around to various males in the crowd, on both the home side and the
away side, and flash them whenever no one else was looking. At one point, they
took her to the top of the away bleachers (which were made of metal and
incredibly, painfully cold to the soles of her feet) and while no one on her
side of the field was looking, they had her completely open her jacket so that
the entire home crowd could see her standing exposed in the cold, if they were
lucky enough to be looking.

When the game was about to be over, Susan's mother took some lipstick, and wrote
on the front of Susan's body, over her breasts and midriff, " I want to fuck
everyone." William then told her to walk into the home team's locker room,
remove her jacket, and lay on a bench in wait for the football team to come in.
He told her that she was not to come home wearing the jacket, that she was to
leave it in the locker room. He didn't care what she was wearing when she came
home, but it could not be the letter jacket she had come to the game with. Susan
did as she was told, knowing that her father would probe the boys on the team
later to find out what had happened. Every member of the team fucked her that
night, many of them two or three times. One brave lad decided he wanted to see
what it was like to fuck a freshman in the ass, and several others followed
suit. While she was being taken by one football player, others, impatient to
have another turn, would stick their dicks in her mouth from behind the top of
her head, shoving their dicks upside down all the way down her throat.

When they were done and it was time for everyone to go home, one of them
actually volunteered to drive her home. "Is this jacket yours," he asked. She
told him it wasn't. The team found an old tattered football jersey they had been
using as a sweatrag, and told her to wear it. She did. The guy who drove her
home had her suck on his dick while they were on the way to her house. The next
morning, William sent Susan to school wearing only the jersey they had given her
to wear.

It was torn and dirty and smelly, but actually covered more of her body than any
other outfits she had ever been given to wear to school. But she was still
called to the principal's office. He told her that she was in serious trouble
today. He had received reports that she had engaged in voluntary sexual acts
with twenty different people at a school function the night before. She
acknowledged that it was true. The principal reminded her that voluntary sex
acts on school time were considered to be major infractions of the student
handbook., and that furthermore, her dress had crossed the line, that if anyone
showed up to school wearing only one piece of clothing, they were considered
officially nude. Nudity was also considered a major violation. He explained that
she now had 210 swats coming, in addition to the usual sixty nine. That was two
hundred and seventy nine swats.

He told her he couldn't possibly execute the entire punishment in one day, so he
would divide the extra 210 over the next seven days. Instead of sixty nine
licks, she would receive ninety nine for the next seven days. The extra thirty
would be divided evenly between breasts, butt, and inner thighs.

He then fucked her violently in the ass, had her clean him with his mouth, gave
her her ninety nine licks, and sent her to class. Her mother laughed and laughed
when she heard about what had happened to her.

Susan was invited to parties. Girls would invite her to sleepovers, at which the
main event would be Susan's complete humiliation and degredation. She was forced
to be the official toilet at one sleepover. At another, several boys were
invited as well, and she was told to suck all of them off, collect their cum in
a glass, and to drink it all up. Later she had to do the same thing, except
instead of drinking it, she had to smear it all over herself and then masturbate
herself to orgasm. She was invited to parties by guys, as well, where she
invariably found herself to be the main attraction, tied down as a decoration
and sex toy in the middle of the room while everyone danced, stopping
occasionally to fuck her, beat her, or burn her with cigarettes and matches.
Susan's mother loved to know about these parties, and insisted that Susan go.
The threat of being sold into slavery was constantly held over her head, so that
she knew she had to go. At least in this household, she knew she wouldn't be
killed and that she would receive basic food and lodging. She had no such
guarantees on the undergound ring, since once she was sold, she would have
absolutely no history and no one would be held accountable for anything done to
her.

So Susan looked into her mother's eyes, remembering all this, knowing how much
her mother loved to see her in humility and agony, and how much her mother loved
to be in humiliation and agony herself. She knew she should hate her mother for
what she had done to her. But she knew also that, even now, she considered her
mother to be a fellow-sufferer, someone who had been misled into thinking she
enjoyed seeing her family and herself completely tortured and humiliated. She
knew she actually still sympathized with her mother, no matter how angry she was
at her or how much she wanted her mother to suffer the same torments Susan had
to go through every day.

She knew she still loved her mother.

William had asked her whether she did. She answered him, "yes, I do." William
smiled. "Good, then, this should be effective! What we are going to do today,
and perhaps for several weeks or months from this day, is have your mother
suffer your punishment for you instead. Perhaps a third person look at the
punishment you have incurred, a third person look at the suffering you are
causing your mother, will be more effective." Susan stared wide eyed at her
mother. Her mother was staring wide eyed at William. They were both absolutely
shocked. Susan didn't know what to think or feel. She knew she had wished that
her mother could taste the pain she felt in these times of torment. She knew
that her punishments were far worse than the bondage and s&M games William and
Kim played in their bedroom. This should be a dream come true for her. But she
didn't want to be the direct cause of her mother's agony. She didn't want that
kind of responsibility or realization. Kim, meanwhile, was aghast that William
would take this step. She had never had to suffer any kind of pain or particular
humiliation in front of her daughter. Anything William did to her was strictly
behind closed doors.

Neither of htem moved, but both of them knew there was not going to be any
naysaying when William made a decree in a situation like this. William commanded
that they trade places. Slowly, Susan took her seat beside William, while Kim
stood in front of them, visibly shaking. William commanded Kim to strip
completely nude, and Susan to remove her silk shirt. They both did so.

William told Susan to read the list of infractions out loud, so that they would
all know how exactly Susan had caused her mother's soon-coming torment to come
about.

Susan gulped, took the sheet of paper from the armrest beside her. This was
going to be a particularly sever punishment session, too, for today was report
card day. Susan didn't know what grades she had gotten, but she knew they
couldn't be good. They had gotten quickly and steadily worse ever since William
had made her into the official school slut and toy. She was so busy being raped
and abused that she missed most classes and couldn't pay attention in the once
that she didn't miss. An A would earn her only two licks. A B earned five. A C
earned 10, a D earned 20, and an F earned 50.

Susan read the paper.

"For earning an A in P.E. - two licks." Her mother was visibly relieved, but
still shaking.

Susan and her mother both moaned as the next item was read.

"For earning an F in Geometry - fifty licks."

"For earning an F in World History - fifty licks."

"For earning an F in English - fifty licks."

"For failing for the semester - one hundred licks."

Kim wailed in terror. That totaled up to 252 licks. First with
the brush on her ass and legs, and then 252 more on her breasts, stomach, and
front and inside thighs. "No!" she screamed. For this, William added an extra 10
licks, making the new total 262 licks.

Susan had never received that many. She didn't think she could take that many,
and she was used to being punished. Her mother had never received any punishment
like this. She didn't know what she would do. William, also, didn't believe Kim
would be able to take these licks without moving out of position, and hence
having to start over. So he explained that they would begin the punishment as
usual, but if Kim moved around too much, he would start over, add ten to the
count, and "mercifully" tie her wrists together, her ankles together, and have
both these ropes tied securely to posts on the underside of the couch, her face
position firmly in Susan's lap. William would then administer the remainder of
the "spanking" from a standing position, coming down on her ass and legs from
over the couch.

He then demanded firmly that Kim assume the position. Kim was crying loudly, and
so was Susan, but her mother obeyed without question. She lay her pelvis on
William's lap, and her face she positioned over Susan's private parts. William
told Susan to push on Kim's head firmly, so that the sound of her screams would
be completely muffled. Susan nodded.

He then began the punishment. Kim screamed and screamed from the first lick. Now
Susan knew what it had been like for her mother during all those sessions. Susan
understood where the pleasure her mother had been feeling had come from. Susan
knew what an orgasm felt like - she was often forced to masturbate to orgasm
while people watched - but she had never felt this kind of pleasure before.
William's swats with the hairbrush translated directly into incredibly exciting
occurances in Susan's genital area. The vibration of her mother's moans actually
stimulated her clitoris, and every time the brush would come down, her mother's
head would move back and forth frantically, stimulating Susan's vagina and clit
even more. Susan actually closed her eyes, overcome with waves of pleasure from
this incredibly evil stimulation. Just when she was on the brink of orgasm, Kim
jumped up from her laying position and began to jump around embarassingly, her
hands patting and rubbing her ass.

William had actually gotten up to lick number seventy five. But now, they had to
start over, and this time, Kim would be receiving 272 licks, instead of 262.
William grabbed her violently, instructed Susan to tie her ankles and knees
together, and tied Kim's wrists together. He made sure the knots and loops were
painfully tight, then instructed Susan to sit on the couch. He tied a rope to
Kim's wrist restraints, and looped it through the cushions of the couch. He then
had her lay over the arm of the couch, her butt exposed and vulnerable, and
placed her face in Susan's lap again. He told Susan to shove her head into her
privates as hard as she could, and Susan obeyed. William then took the rope that
he had looped under the cushions, looped it through the structure of the couch,
pulled it under the couch toward Kim, and tied the other end of the rope to
Kim's knee restraints. She was now locked into position, unable to move from her
exposed position at the arm of the couch.

William, a very powerful and enduring man, administers 272 hard swats to Kim's
ass and the back of her legs without pause. He placed one hundred of them in a
row in exactly the same spot, on her right leg just below the line between butt
and leg. Kim was squealing like a pig at that point, before he finally moved on
the rest of her hindquarters.

Susan came more times than she could count.

William rested when he was finished with this "spanking," but
after about ten minutes, untied Kim, and walked her over to the table. He tied
her spread eagle, her head over the edge of the table, and she offered no
resistance. She had been broken.

But Susan was not tall enough to put her private parts over Kim's head. Other
arrangements had to be made. So William had Susan stand to the side, next to
Kim's hand. Kim's arm was long enough that she was able to bend it down a
little, as per William's command, and Susan was able to step into position over
it. William had Kim insert four fingers of her hand inside Susan's vagina, and
told her to grab Susan with her fingers and the thumb remaining outside the
vagina by her pelvic bone, and not to let go.

William gagged Kim with two pairs of underwear, and taped over her mouth with
several layers of masking tape. William then administered the whipping, all 272
lashes, divided between Kim's breasts, her stomach, the front of her legs, and
the inside of her legs. Every lash caused her hand to thrust violently up into
Susan's vagina, like she was being fucked standing up. The position of Kim's
handhold on Susan's pelvic bone cause incredible amounts of clitoral
stimulation, and Susan again came so often and so violently that she lost count.
She almost dislocated Kim's shoulder because she was so weak in the knees she
was unable at one point to support her self on her legs.

At 252 lashes, William decided to increase the severity of the punishment. He
was really enjoying this reversal - Kim, the evil whore, receiving the
humiliation and Susan, the ruined innocent, getting off on her own mother's
agony. He stood behind Kim's head, took careful aim, and placed the last 20
lashes straight on Kim's cunt and clitoris. Kim was almost comatose with pain by
this point, but when he began this more severe phase of the punishment, she
managed to scream louder than she had ever screamed before. It was dangerously
loud even with all the cloth in her mouth and her mouth sealed shut.

Susan continued to have waves and waves of orgasms.

William smiled when he was finished, and rested again. After
another ten minutes, he applied his healing solution to all of Kim's wounds,
causing her to pass right out. Susan just sat on the floor, lost in thoughts of
the incredible pleasure she had just suffered.

That still wasn't the end of it.

William explained that he had been wrong, that instead of feeling
empathetic agony, Susan had actually felt pleasure at seeing her mother in
absolute agony. Susan's heart began to beat faster. William asked Kim, after he
violently tore off her gag, whether she had felt Susan's pleasure. Kim nodded
weakly. William asked her how that made her feel. Kim turned, looked straight at
Susan, and said, as calmly as she could considering the pain she was in, "I hate
that bitch."

William said, "good, that's what I thought."

He then untied Kim. Susan sat there, not knowing what was coming
next. He sat Kim on a pillow, her back to the wall. He then told Susan to lay
prostrate and nude on the cold floor in front of her mother, her face in her
mother's cunt. As she did this, Kim, with suprising strength, grabbed Susan by
the hair and jammed her face hard into her cunt. Susan found her face buried in
her mother, her neck uncomfortably stretched upwards and back by her mother's
eager grasping. Susan choked and gasped for air.

William told them that he was now going to whip Susan's back, legs, and ass, for
as long as he felt he needed to to make up for Susan's orgasm shenanigans which
they had just witnessed. Kim eagerly pushed Susan's face further and harder into
her cunt.

Susan, choking because of her neck's uncomfortable position, coughed out
agonized screams as William administered an uncounted but huge number of lashes
all over Susan's back and legs. She knew her mother was orgasming almost
immediately, and continued to do so for the whole hour it seemed to take for
William to finally decide he was finished.

Even after william stopped, Susan continued to cry and Kim continued to
masturbate on her face. Susan saw William's feet on either side of her, and knew
that he had placed his dick in Kim's mouth. Her mother was getting off on
Susan's face, while her stepfather was getting off on her mother's.

Then, before William came, he pulled out. He told Kim, "you know what I want.
Tell Susan what I want." Kim moaned, and said in a moaning whisper, "Susan,
raise up your ass into the air. He's going to take you in the ass."

As always, Susan wailed even louder but did as she was told, knowing that she
had to be completely obedient. William had actually never sexually touched Susan
before. She had never had to do him any sexual favors, except to go around
basically nude and to be his torture toy. He had never put his penis in any of
her orifices, however, and had never made her give him a handjob. She had been
incredibly glad for this, for William's penis was about as wide as a beer can,
as far as she could tell, and about one and a half times as long. She never
wanted that dick in any part of her, much less her tender and tight asshole.

She raised her ass into the air, obediently, her mother continuing to get off.
William positioned himself behind her, and placed his dick at her asshole. He
was moist from precum and from Kim's mouth, so the pain Susan felt didn't come
from dryness.

He had barely penetrated with half of his head when Susan began frantically
struggling. "Get it out! Get it out!" she managed to scream into her mother's
vagina. Of course, that was going to cost her, later, and of course, would have
no effect on what he was going to do to her ass.

He slid his penis in as fast as he could, which was not very fast because she
was so tight. This lingering caused Susan's agony to be even greater and she
continued to struggle.

Finally, with a pop, he got his penis in her asshole. She knew she had to be
bleeding now, but William obviously didn't care. He considered it mere
lubrication. He pumped in and out of her, purposefully pulling his whole head
out and then shoving it back in so that he could feel her mortified struggles
against his huge member.

He made sure not to let himself cum until he was sure Susan was almost
unconscious. He watched his wife's unbelievable, perky breasts bob up and down
as she masturbated on Susan's face, and he watched his wife's incredible
expression of pure pleasure. As he watched these things, and as he felt Susan
begin to go limp, he let himself go with a cruel shove as deep into Susan's ass
as he could go. He kept it in there for several seconds, pumping his load, each
pump swelling his penis so that Susan felt little twinges of pain with each
squirt of semen. He then pulled almost all the way out, and shoved hard one more
time, as deep as he could go, pumping the last of his cum into his
stepdaughter's ass. At this point, Susan lost consciousness.

He just stood there for a long time, and Kim finally stopped, as well. They
smiled at each other.

William woke Susan up by the application of his healing solution. During one of
her openmouthed screams, he thrust his shitty penis into her mouth, cleaned
himself off in her mouth and throat, and had her lick his entire penis to get
any straggling filth that remained on his cock or balls.

Then he sent Susan to her room without any supper. Kim and William, excited by
the knowledge that they now had a perfectly obedient sex and torture slave, made
dirty nasty love for the rest of the night.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mr. Mumei


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





