BDSM Library - You Are Mine Now Bitch




You Are Mine Now Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A parking attendant has a crush on the owner of a very large company. He treats her with the utmost respect 'till he finds out what she is really like. Then he kidnaps her and makes her his slave. Long story.
       YOU'RE MINE NOW BITCH
                    Chapter One  "The capture"

       								By Connie Miller

    Hi, my name is Paul and I work at a parking garage for a fancy Insurance Co. 
Each day one of the Ladies that I see is Miss Beachem.  She has this fantastic
body.  One to die for.  When she gets out of her BMW I just about shoot a load
in my pants.  I really think I am in love with her.

    Well, each day I say hello and she either ignores me or she gives me one of
those looks like she is seeing right through you and concentrating on something
else. 

    I have been working here now about 6 months and she still has said not one
word to me.  Each morning and evening I say hello and smile at her. 

    Today there is some work being done on the garage and it is dusty
everywhere.  This is the day my life changed and I now want only to make this
bitch hurt.

    I brought her car down like normal, but when she looked at it and saw the
dust on it she screamed at me.  What the hell have you done to my car.  You are
nothing but a piece of human shit.  You can't even do a simpletons job like
keeping my car.  Get the fuck away from me. 

    This was the love of my life.  Sure I had other girls I fucked, but I wanted
something special with her and this is how she spoke to me.

    I have never even thought about being mean when it came to sex but now all I
could think about was how I would like to see her pay for being such a bitch.

    I worked the next year in that garage and all that time I thought about how
I would get this bitch.  I worked on it every waking hour.  Finally, I had
earned a vacation and I took a week of vacation following the bitch around.  I
wrote down everything.  Where she went, at what time, who she met, which was
never.  I even found out that she did her weekly grocery shopping on Thursday. 
That worked out great because I worked only three days a week twelve hours a day
at the garage and Thursday started my long weekend.  I had Thursday, Friday,
Saturday and Sunday off. 

    I saw my plan coming together. 

    I knew what time she left for work and what time she usually got home from
the grocery store.  I decided to check out her place once she had left for work
and Thursday.  I not only checked it out, I let myself in through an open
window.  This was too good to be true.  I looked through her house.  It was a
huge house in somewhat of a valley.  Trees surrounded the place and took off and
made a small forest in every direction.  This was a dream come true.  I could
make this bitch scream at the top of her lungs and no human sound could
penetrate the barrier of trees.  I went upstairs and looked carefully through
her clothes, making sure I put them all back exactly like they were.  I was not 
wanting her to know that anyone had been there,  that's for sure.  Then I went
down to a spacious basement.  Spacious is the wrong word.  HUGE.  This bitch had
a full house just in the basement.  Each room was rather spacious and had been
decorated beautifully.   Most people didn't have that much room in their whole
house.  There were seven rooms.  I wanted to use the basement to make sure that
no noise was heard.  Not a problem here.  I picked one of the rooms with an
inlaid stone finished floor.  It was beautiful but it was also somewhat coarse
to the touch.  I wanted so badly to see her tits used to sweep the floor.  The
texture of that floor would surely act like sandpaper on those fine looking
breast.  My cock was getting so hard just thinking about it.   Yes, this room
would do nicely.  I looked around some more and found where the large bathroom
was downstairs and things that I could use that was already there. 

    I left the window to where it looked like it was locked but it was just
slightly above the locking device.  Then I drove home and started packing for
mine and her long weekend.

    Over the past year, I have spent about $200.00 a month on various objects of
my desire.  One was a spreader bar, one was a complete leather outfit, lots of
toys, whips and more whips. 

    I went to work my three days and they never seemed so long.  I only smiled
when I saw Miss Bitch, as I lovenly call her now, knowing that she was soon to
be in my control.  How long I have thought about it and now I just couldn't
stand the wait of one more day.    It was now driving me crazy. 

    The day arrived and I went over to Miss Bitches house shortly after I
figured she had left for work.  I had brought all my toys with me and let myself
in.  As I had planned, the window was gently opened when I lifted it.  My heart
was pumping so fast knowing that in just over 8 hours she would be in my hands
to do as I pleased. 

    I had a lot of work to do before that time so I set an alarm clock to make
sure that I was aware of the time. I did not want to be in her basement when she
came home. 

    I am from a small town in Southern Tennessee and we would use a rope to
snare small animals.  I decided that I was going to snare my dear Miss Bitch. 
It would be dark when she came home from the grocery store and I decided that I
would set up the snare near the kitchen door where she would have to walk to put
the groceries away.   It took me some time to figure out how to do it
considering I usually use trees when I am snaring animals.  Needless to say,
there were no trees in the house.  I did a slight bit of remodeling and whala,
one interior snare.  I then removed the light in the entrance hallway so that
she would have to travel with no light.  Therefore making my snare completely
unnoticeable.  I  used  wire to strong springs for my, shall I say my lift to
new and different heights.  I tested it out with a heavy chair she had there and
it worked fine.  It did not lift as high as I would have wanted but I am sure it
will do the trick.

    Next, I went downstairs to the basement and started putting up my spreader
bar.  I had to drill various holes in the cement sides and attach my hooks. 
Then I hung the bar and figured out where her breast would hang.  Under that
area, I put another hook in the floor.  I then put another hook in the floor for
the flat metal clamps that I am planning to hook to her cunt lips. 

    Then in the same room, which had plenty of space I drilled quite a few more
holes and put more hooks in.  I really did not know where exactly I wanted them
since I had never done this before so I put about twenty hooks up.  I figured
that I could stretch her in many various ways with all the hooks. 

    I had already brought in all my toys that I was planning to use on her and
it was getting close to six o'clock so I decided to hide my car in the back yard
in-between many trees.  Then I figured that I would shower and eat something and
wait for my prey. 

	I was down in the kitchen for quite a while when I saw the headlights of her
car.  My heart again started pounding and I was afraid that she would hear my
heart.  I tried to breathe more quietly and waited.  Finally the key in the door
turned.  Then she tried the light.  Not working, what a shame.  I heard her say
something but kept on coming towards my snare.  I could not see much better than
her and I could not see her.  Then all at once I heard a twang and a terrible
scream.   My prey was caught!

	She kept screaming and I worked very fast and covered her mouth with a towel
drenched in ether.  Within a minute she was out.  I checked her pulse and found
that she was breathing just fine.  I knew she would not stay under long so I got
the rope and the hood with the blindfold.  I put the hood on first and then let
her down.  I then tied her to a furniture dolly and took her downstairs.  Then I
undressed her and put her in her very own spreader bar.  Then I put a rope on
two of the hooks and connected them to a pair of leather cuffs. Then I pulled
her in both directions.  She sure did look great.  She was so beautiful.  Her
breast were so soft and not to big but big enough to have some terrific fun
figuring out ways to punish them.   Her cunt was sparsely covered with blond
hair.  I thought she dyed her hair since it was blond but since her cunt hair
was the same color I thought different. 

	I hooked the chain from the spreader bar to a hook in the wall and pulled on
that.  She was now stretched to the limits or was she.  I would have to see if
it will tighten up more later on.  Mental note.

	I heard her start to come to and I wanted her to see what a predicament she was
in so I turned off the light and removed her hood.  Then I went back behind her
so that she could not see me and watched as she woke up more.  She tried to move
but couldn't.  Such a pity.  She started screaming and I was getting harder and
harder with each and every scream. 

	I finally said to her through a disguising voice modulator that she has been a
bad little girl and I was going to see that she was severely punished for
misbehaving.

	She started cussing me out.  Who are you.  What the fuck do you want with me. 
Let me the fuck down from here.  You fucking bastard.

	Now see what I mean.  Just look at your language.  You are not even speaking
nicely when you have nothing to say or do about it.  Don't worry,  I will make
sure you change your attitude, disposition and also your speech.   Now don't you
think it is nice of me to give you all these lessons for free. 

	You Fucking Bastard,  Let me go.

	Well, I see I have a lot of work to do with you so I might as well get started. 

	I again turned off the light while she was still screaming at me in a very
unlady like way.  I put her hood back on and turn the lights back on.  Again I
looked at her and she was just simply gorgeous. 




				Chapter II    "The Fun Begins"

	I started my fun by taking some very stiff and course twine and tied her breast
to where they looked they were about to explode.  She had stopped screaming
obscenities at me and started screaming in pain.  MY PLEASURE  I then pinched
her nipples till she was screaming even more.  I really could not wait to put my
dick in that bitch so I released the ropes that held her arms outstretched and
secured them to a waist harness I put on her.  They were secured tightly in the
back.  Now I lowered her very gently to the floor so that her tits were on that
cold gritty floor.  Her head touched the floor and I did not want that so I tied
her long hair with some twine and pulled it back to the harness.  Her head came
back to look blindly at the wall.  Wonderful.  Now only her tits could support
her weight.  How wonderful I felt.  I was enjoying all the screams of pain and
of pleading coming from this bitchs mouth.

	I went behind her and put my cock in her pussy crack and said "I'm going to
fuck your pussy.  Do you mind.  Screams of pleading sounded through the room and
into my joyful ears.  Like an inspiration to fuck her.   OK, since you don't
mind, It will be my pleasure.  I pumped at her cunt.  Not holding onto her ass
or any other part of her, she moved quite far away from me with each stroke. 
Each stroke brought a scream of pain and more pleasure to my ears.  Finally I
could not hold out any longer and grabbed her moving ass and rammed my hard cock
into her tight and dry cunt.  More screams of pain.  More and deeper screams of
pain.   Maybe something hurts,  HA HA

	I drove my cock into her cunt till I came which was not very long.   The whole
time my cock was being excited by the screams of this bitch. 

	When I was done cumming in her cunt, I removed my cock and hooked up some
chains to pull her up off the floor.   She again was waving her blessing in mid
air.

	With her hair being pulled back, her face was right at my cocks level.  I asked
her politely if she wanted to suck my cock and see if she could get it hard
again.  More profane language.  Such a pity, I said,  seems you are not going to
be an easy one to teach.  Well, I have just something to change your mind about
behaving.  Seems I brought some mighty nice whips and paddles.  I plan on using
all of them.  Just remember I was going to give you something nice and you
didn't want it so you get the alternative.  

	I then went and untied the ropes holding her spreader bar and let her toes just
touch the floor.  Then I went and untied her from the harness so that she could
stand up on her tip-toes.  Then I tied the rope to the harness and secured it in
that position.  Now I am not one to let things go half undone so I made sure
that I put a set of nipple clamps on her two abused tits.  Boy did she scream
then.  I tightened them till I could not tighten them any more.  She just kept
screaming for some reason.  I did not want them to be to loose and slip off. 
Then I took the chain that connected the clamps together and secured it to a
leash from the wall.   That I made tight enough to pull the titties real nicely. 
I reached over to my pile of toys and got a nice tit whip.  A thin leather whip
that I was just dying to try out.  Well, all of the toys I was excited to try.  
So I put the whip in my nice cool hand and let it whip through the air.  Do you
know what this is, I asked.  No, well let me show you.  Whap, Whap.  I smacked
each tit.  The squeals that came to my ears were exquisite.  I needed more of
this.  My cock was again thumping.  I was determined to do the job at hand to
the best of my ability first before my cocks needs.  So again I walloped away on
those tits.  Again the screams and pleading when she got a breath.   Somehow the
more she squealed and screamed the more I wanted to whip her.  Finally, I
decided that she had enough to her breast and I wanted to start on her exposed
and very vulnerable ass cheeks.   There they were just begging for me to whip
them and pinch them.  So I decided that I was going to do just that.  Again she
was screaming up a storm.  Me just loving it.  That ass started turning the
prettiest pink and then streaks of red.  Then in some spots, little droplets of
blood.  I reached down and pinched her cunt until I could pinch no harder.  She
was going horse from her own screaming.  The screams were just not the right
pitch.  I guess I would have to find something that brought back the intensity
in her pain.  My cock was in dire need and her little puckered ass hole was just
so cute that I just had to give it some attention.  So I took a nice small bull
whip and decided that I should learn how to use it.  I tried to hit the mark but
I only succeeded about once every three times.  I kept up my lesson until I
could hit the mark at least every other time.  The screaming came back in full
capacity.  That hole was now just a red puckered sore.  I was getting good at
this.  I really think I should be proud of myself for such an accomplishment.

	I then lined my cock up with that nice red glow hole and rammed at it.  I could
feel the tit clamps stop her from coming back and I decided that I would move
back just a little to make it more interesting.  It worked.  The screams
intensified again and I started to enter her glowing red hole.  I kept pulling
back on her and she kept letting me know how much she loved it by the sounds of
her screams.  I started measuring them on a scale of one to ten.  Ten being the
best scream.  If I didn't get at least a 6 or better I figured I was doing
something wrong and I would pull harder or fuck harder.  I entered her ass hole
and she was squealing again.  I pulled her back on to my cock as far as I could
pull on her,  she screamed and I felt the feeling I had wanted with her for so
long start to rise from my loins.    I fucked her harder and harder.  At last I
spit the juices of my cock up her  loving butt.   I let her hang there for some
minutes till I felt strong enough to move her into a different position of my
pleasure.    With my loins depleted of juices, I decided it was time for me to
try some of my toys.  But first I needed to tell her who she now was and who I
was and always would be.

	I released her from the tits clamps which left her screaming again. I untied
her hair so her head was now up to her where she kept it. Then I let her down to
stand on her feet.  I loosened the ropes  from her waist to leave her standing
on her own.  I gave her plenty of room to kneel down.  I then took the hood off
of her face so that she would have to look at me.  I wore a hood now for I did
not want her to know who I was.  I then thought it was time to explain to her
the facts of being my BITCH.




				Chapter III    " Learning Who is the Master"

	I slapped her lightly on her face to get her attention.  She looked up at me. 
I started out:  You are a BITCH.  You will change.  You are now my slave.  You
will remain my slave for as long as I want you.   Her eyes were just a blank
stare but I continued.  When I ask you a question you will remember to call
yourself by "my slave" and you will from now on call me Master when and if I
wish to let you speak.  You will only speak when you are told to and then you
will use the proper respect due your master.  Do you understand.  No answer came
from her.  I repeated my question and again no answer.  I grabbed a nice studded
paddle and brought it up to meet her bare recently fucked ass.  A scream came
out and she looked at me.  Now answer my question or I will continue till you
do.  "Yes, I understand"  That was not good enough.  Slap, slap, slap, slap, and
Slap.   She was screaming again.  How nice it sounded.  "Yes Master, I
understand.  Very good now thank me for being so considerate as to teach you how
to be a proper slave.  I could see the contempt come back into her eyes but she
said " thank you master"  It sounded very insincere.  So I started slapping her
ass again with my newly purchased studded paddle.  Slap scream, slap scream,
slap scream, slap scream, slap scream and when I stopped she said very sincerely
"Thank you master for teaching me to be more considerate".  Good girl.  Now you
may sit down and relax.  I feel terribly exhausted from my teachings and would
like to take a nap.  Please try to be quiet. 

	So I left her able to slightly move or even sit down.  She would not be able to
lay down for I felt she had not deserved that.  I left her thinking about the
toys I had bought to jam in her cunt and ass.  Yes, after my nap I was going to
have fun putting my toys of passion in various holes to see what would stretch
the most.  I was betting on the cunt but I may be wrong.

	As I left her  sobbing I strolled into the other room to take my nap.  I felt a
good feeling all over and knew that I was going to win this BITCH's servitude.

	I woke up about 2 hours later and decided to check on my slave.  She was
sitting with her arms in her lap.  Her eyes were closed but she was not asleep. 
Maybe she was dreaming that this was all a nightmare and she would wake up soon. 
HA HA

	I went upstairs and ate a quick meal and took a shower.  I sure felt wonderful.

	When I again went downstairs she was awake with her head held down.  I liked
her that way.  Somewhat more humble. 

	I walked into the room and spoke to her.  Hi Slave.  How are you feeling? 
Making sure that I asked her a question so that she would have to use Master. 
She lifted up her head  to me with less power in her eyes and said " I am ok
master".  I was impressed she remembered.  Very good slave.  Now I will teach
you about the joy of toys.  I bought a bunch of toys for you and I know you are
going to enjoy this as much as I am.  Right slave.  "Yes, master"  Good then
lets get started.  But first I think that you should take a shower and clean up. 
You do not want these nice new toys to get dirty do you?  "No.......Master" 
Well, I want you to go into the bathroom and take a nice bath then douche with
that nice smelling stuff I bought you that you can find in the bathroom and then
you can take a nice long enema.  I want that asshole nice and clean. 	I have a
nice vibrating butt plug for you.  Large size of course.  Then there is the
something nice for your beautiful cunt.  I am sure that my whoring slave will
enjoy these pleasures and many more after that.

    I removed all her binds till only the collar was connected.  I put a long
leash on that so that she could reach the shower.  I told her she had two hours
off to take a shower and clean her fuck holes.  She was laying down when I came
back to play with her and her toys.

    I know you can't wait for your new toys so bend your ass this way and I will
pound this huge butt plug up your ass for you.  Don't you think that is nice of
me to provide you with so many nice toys and for me to ram them into you my
little whore slave?  She just looked at the size of the monster I had in my hand
ready to jam it into her.  She said nothing.  So I decided she needed some more
discipline, I grabbed a slapper tip crop and proceeded to smack her tits with
it.  She tried to protect them with her hands, which she will get punished for
later, but I took care of them nicely.  Again she was screaming.  Gee, I love
that sound.  After I finished she said "Yes master".  I knew or I believed that
she had forgotten what I said.  So I asked "Yes master what"?  She just looked
at me for a moment and said "I don't remember what you asked me master for I was
looking at that big dick".   I looked shocked.  "How dare you not remember what
I say,  you are going to suffer for that.  Now I asked you to tell me how much
you are looking forward to these nice toys I bought for you and to bend your ass
over to me so I can ram this huge butt plug in.

    She looked at no where in particular and said " I am sorry for not
remembering what you said and I am very happy that you want to ram that big
thing up my ass".  Master.   I was winning.  She would soon do as she was told
immediately even if it meant pain. 




				Chapter IV     "Toys"

	She started moving towards me with great fear in her eyes.  I relished at her
fear and knew that I soon would be wanting some more of that pussy.  I was going
to stretch out that nice tight ass for now and fuck that tight cunt.  My cock
was already starting to gouge my jeans.  She could not miss the erection that I
was getting in my pants.  I know I am not a big dicked guy but I was not small
either.  I have a nice 8 inch cock that is about two and half inches thick.  Of
course, the butt plug that I was going to place up her poop shoot was a nice
shiny black large back door probe.  It was about 3 inches in diameter.  If she
was not into ass fuckin she sure would get a great start.  This thing looked
like it just kept on prying you open and that is what I wanted.  Sounds fun I
miss the bitch's screams. 

	She turned to me and put her beautiful red ass near the object of anal pain to
her and pleasure for me.  I stuck the cock at the entrance to her asshold, did I
forget the jelly, oh well,  and pushed.  She yelled and moved away from me.  Oh
this will not be tolerated.  I picked up a flogger and started hitting her ass
as hard as I could.  She was screaming and screaming but she tried not to move. 
How dare you slap, slap move away from me, slap, slap, how am I going slap, slap
to get this up your ass if slap, slap you move away slap, slap.  You will bend
over again and this time you will stay still till I tell you to move and if you
move again I will secure you to where I can be sure you will not move and I will
punish you severely.  

	The tears were again streaming down her cheeks but she stood still.  I knew she
could not stay still but she held onto the chains that bound her for support and
I did get the first inch into her before she moved.  I was not disapointed in
her but I was going to sound like it so that I again could punish her.  I was
living to punish her and the more I did it the more I was liking it.  I screamed
at her "you fucken piece of shit.  I told you not to move.  Know I will make
sure you do not move and you will have some pain to go with it.  Is that what
you want is the pain? Well, I can accommodate you. 

	I quickly pulled the ropes that held her to pull her up.  Then I pulled her
legs up towards the ceiling.  I then took one of the ropes and tied it over her
tits as tightly I as could.  I hooked that to the floor hook.   Now, I said, you
will not move again.  Now for your punishment.  I left the room for a few
minutes and returned with a pan that I had heated to a steaming melted goo.  I
took the pan and dripped a few drops on her stomach.  She yelled and tried to
move.  Then I said "feels good doesn't it".  No answer.  Again I asked "doesn't
that feel good my little bitch whore". The tone I used seemed to inform her she
had better answer.  "no master, I mean yes master.  As she started answering I
started pouring the liquid on her breast.  Screams emitted. I poured it on her
other breast.  The screams were constant.  I then brought the liquid down her
stomach to her cunt hairs and sealed them in wax.  I pulled on the ropes and
picked her up even more and took the funnel I had also brought and filled her
cunt with the wax.  I then put a kitchen wire wisk up her cunt to make sure I
could pull the molten wax out of her puss.  When I did I opened her up more so I
filled her up again.  The screams coming from this bitch was delicious.  Nectar
for the ears.   

	I told her that I would be back in about a half an hour so that the wax has
time to set up properly.  I am not sure she heard me over the screaming she was
still doing but I really did not care.  I just wanted to go into the next room
so that I could lay down and listen to the sound of the bitch that called me a
piece of human shit.  I brought my cock out in my hands and decided to jack off
to her screams.  It did not take me long.  Finally the screams quieted and I
took a short nap.  My job is very tiresome.  HA HA

	I returned to her and asked if she had enjoyed her punishment.  "no master" was
her quick reply.  To that I told her if she did not enjoy that we could try
something else.  Are you sure you did not enjoy it?  "yes master, I did enjoy
it".  Oh you like to lie.  Well, I will make sure you do not lie anymore.  I
decided to put a ball gag in her mouth.  Then I proceeded to go back to work at
hand.  To jam that big dildo up her ass.  I pushed and pushed,  I could see the
tears pouring down her face but she didn't tell me to quit so I continued.  I
kept pushing and it was about half way up.  That was about 2 inches in diameter. 
I brought it all the way out and jammed it in again as hard as I could.  It went
all the way up and spread that tight ass to a 3 inch diameter and she had taken
the whole twelve inches.  I turned on the vibrator and looked at her.  Do you
like it bitch?  Shake you head yes or no.  She shook her head yes and I told her
that she was a good slut and I was sure that she would be able to take a bigger
dildo up her ass before long and much bigger up her cunt.  Doesn't that sound
fun whore?  Again she shook her head yes. 	




				Chapter V  "Slave Gets  New Jewelry

    I decided that she was due a little time off for good behavior so I let her
down and disconnected the hooks from her  arms and legs and the rope around her
breast.  As I took the rope off her breast the was that had set up on the rope
came off and let a clean spot across her tits.  I just knew I had to put
something on those hard nipples.  I took the gag out of her mouth.  She breathed
through her mouth and licked her lips.  I asked if she was thirsty or hungry. 
She said "yes master".  Well are you thirsty or hungry or both? "Yes master I am
thirsty and hungry both".

    Well then I will get you something to eat and something for you to drink. 
Oh the things my newly sick mind was thinking.  I decided not to be too terribly
sick so I brought her some canned dog food in a bowl and some piss to drink.  I
pissed in the drinking bowl right in front of her.  I told her that a bitch is a
dog and that she must eat like a dog.  She was to eat her dinner while she stood
on all fours like a good dog.  You have thirty minutes to eat everything in your
bowl and drink all your warm juice.  I then told her that since she had been
pretty good that I was going to give her some new jewelry.  Then I reached into
my bag and brought out a set of  crystal nipple clamps.  I reached over and put
the first one on.  She did not move even though I tightened it quite severely. 
I then put the second one on.  Again she did not move.  I then I reached lower
and put on her new crystal clit jewelry.   I told her that she really looked
great with the new jewelry and the wax.  I left a spiked collar on her and
hooked a chain to it so that I would still have complete control.  I again told
her how beautiful she looked with her jewelry and collar.  I told her to go
ahead and eat your dinner and I will be back shortly.  Make sure you eat and
drink every bit or I will be upset with you.  I had to walk all the way up
stairs to get that food for you and I saved that piss for you for the last
couple of hours.  Isn't that nice of me to be so thoughtful to you?  "Yes
master" came out very weakly as she was looking at her supper.  I could see the
disgust in her eyes. 

	I let her eat her dinner in peace although I was watching from the kitchen.  I
also knew that her bending over to eat was going to be quite a trick since
having a dildo up your cunt makes it very hard to bend.  I watched as she tried
maneuvering in a position that was of the least pain.  Finally she got down on
all fours and looked again at the clock.  She had spent 7 minutes of her dinner
time trying to get on all fours. 

	I was eating a sub sandwich and enjoying the show.  My cock has never gotten
hard so many times in one day in my life. 

	She started to eat.  She looked like she was going to get sick.  I was laughing
my ass off.  Her licking at my piss was too much for me to stand and I choked on
my sandwich laughing so hard.  Seeing that dildo and that wire wisk stick out of
that bitch was  My dream.  I made sure that I was down to check in 30 minutes
that she had finished her dinner.  It was all devoured. 




					Chapter VI      "More Toys"

	Well, I see you were very hungry and thirsty.  I am very proud of you for
finishing your dinner.  I would not like to throw any thing out. 

	I think that you probably would like another shower and go use the bathroom. 
We are going to play so I will give you about ten minutes to go take a shower
while I get some more toys out to play with.  First I think I will take that
dildo out of you ass because I don't want the shower water to ruin any of your
toys.  First though do you want to give me a little head job.  "YES Master"  she
yelled.  I let my cock out of my jeans and she was very quick to get into the
best position she could and give me a good sucking.  Boy that felt good and her
sucking on my cock looked even better.  I was getting sore from cumming so much
but I sure was going to do it again and here it came. Mental note: call some
friends over to take care of her so I could rest.   She swallowed it so nicely. 
Not letting one drop get away from that cock hungry mouth. 

	As I said after that I told her to bend over and I took her dildo out of her
ass.  She screamed when it came out.  I asked her if she liked it and she said
"yes master"  Do you think we should try a bigger one after you take your shower
whore?  "Yes master"  Well, ok I will since you want it so much.  Now go take
your shower. 

	She left the room being followed by the chain hooked to her collar.

	After she had taken her shower and I took the 10 minutes to rest and think of
some more fun for her.  She was beautiful standing there just out of the shower. 
Still glistening with the water from the shower.  She did not towel dry.  I had
told her not too.  I liked to see the water on her body. 

	Whore?  Yes Master.  I am getting very tired of taking such good care of you. 
I think it is time for you to take care of some of your sexual needs by yourself
and I will watch to make sure you do it right.  Does that sound fun, slut.  Yes
master.  I could hear the total humiliation in her voice.  I then told her to
pick out a nice toy to put in you ass.  I had no small ones but she immediately
went over to the toys and picked out what she thought would hurt the least.  She
picked out a vibrating pink ribbed but plug.  It was about 8 inched long and at
the base it was about 3inches in diameter.  Nice choice I said.  Now bend you
nice ass over so I can watch you insert that nice toy up your beautiful ass. 
She bent over but was very hesitant about inserting it.  I was afraid that I was
going to have to punish her for not obeying promptly.  Then she started
inserting it.  Now turn it on while you insert it baby.  She did and I was
mesmerized on that beautiful ass with her hand sticking that pick dildo up her
poop chute.  Damn, my cock seemed to be getting hard again.  But I just couldn't
stop watching that dildo.  She was about half way in and the tears were starting
to flow.  I still had not spread that ass wide enough.  I was getting horny and
angry.  "Get that dildo up bitch" I screamed.  She pushed and pushed.  She just
could not get it all the way up.  I decided she needed a little help.  I had a
device where I had hooked up some wires to my welder to give her a little shock
and right now it seemed like the proper time to use it.  I reached over and
grabbed the two wires.  I turned on the welder and the sound just about made her
jump out of her skin.  She pushed harder but was getting nowhere.  I lunged the
two wires at her and they hit right about on her left cheek of her ass.  She
jumped about a mile.  I smiled and found out that it was fun and did it again. 
She was panicking trying to drive that cock up her ass hole.  I did not care
then,  I just kept hitting her with the wires.  I finally got to her pussy and
she screamed, jumped and begged me for mercy. "Please master, no more, please". 
Wow, she had spoke without permission.  That was surely enough reason for me to
continue.  I stopped for a moment and told her to stand up and come here.  She
did and I looked at her and told her that she had just broken one of the rules
and she knew what it was, didn't she?  She answered weakly, "yes master".  What
was the rule?  "your slave spoke without masters  permission".  Correct I said. 
Now you know that I will punish you for that.  "Yes master".  Well, I think your
punishment since you were wanting me to stop is for me to continue to shock you
and to turn up the amps.  Don't you think that would be the right punishment? 
"yes master".   I have only two wires here but I am sure if I hook one of these
wires to your beautiful tit clamps and the other wire on you clit holder that
you will have a fantastic shocking experience.  Don't you?  "yes master".  Now
walk over to the table and get me a pair of your tit clamps.  "yes master"  She
walked over and picked out a pair of nipple tweezers that were made out of wood. 
I  was furious.  I screamed at her the stupid cunt.  I told her for that she
would get it even worse.  Now get me a pair of heavy clamps.  "yes master, I'm
sorry master, I was not thinking".  She knew she was in trouble but she only got
herself in more trouble.  What is this I bullshit.  You are not I, you are a
slut slave.  A piece of dirt.  Just a piece of used flesh.  That will even get
you more punishment.  I found myself really angry with her and I knew that I was
going to enjoy the pain she was going to have to endure.  She came back with a
pair of clover nipple clamps and I accepted them and snapped them on good and
tight.  She let out a scream and then I told her to get another set so that I
could put them on her clit.  She shook from the pain or the thought of having
another set connected to her very sore and tender spot.  She selected a pair of
nipple training clamps.  I took them from her with a disgusted look on my face
and tightened them till she was a constant scream.  I loved it.  Then as she
started getting used to the pain I shut off the welder and took the wires and
connected them to the two chains that hung down so invitingly.   Her face was
shear fear.  I reached over and made her look while I turned up the amps to the
welder.   She was sweating and for good reason.  I had placed the switch over
halfway on the machine and was ready to turn it on.  I quickly turned on the
switch and watched as she jumped.  As she jumped the clamps were pulled and they
tightened their grip on her tender spots.  I started laughing as she was giving
herself almost as much pain by jumping as I was from the shock.  I kept flicking
the button on and off till I was in hysterics and could not continue.  I left
the last one on till I could stop laughing and with her jumping around trying
not to hurt her abused parts that it was quite a while.  She fell to the floor
when I finally turned off the machine which only pulled on her clamps more. 
This was an incredible feeling.  Me watching this bitch with her tongue hanging
out, trying to catch her breath and come back to reality and pain is her
reality.  I looked down on her and told her that she had better pick up that
dildo that dropped out of her ass and put it in there but to lick it clean
first.  I don't want a dirty dildo that fell on the floor up your ass hole.  Now
lick it clean.  The floor was clean but the dildo had some shit on it.  She
picked up the dildo and started to lick it.  Now stick the whole thing in your
mouth and give it a good sucking.  She did as she was told.  The discuss was
easy to read on her face but she did not want to be hooked up to the machine
again.  Suck it good bitch,  Swallow it.  She kept trying to swallow it but it
was too big and her mouth would not open wide enough.  She did take quite a bit
in and I was happy seeing that immense dildo go in and out of her mouth.  Now
stick it up your ass and don't take so long this time.  She reached over and put
it at the entrance to her little brown hole.  She was pushing and pushing and
finally with a few screams and lots of tears she got it up inside her.  I was
really proud of her and told her that since she was so good that I was going to
take the clamps off her clit and then she could put a nice toy inside her pussy. 
Go over and get a nice vibrating dildo for your pussy slut.  She looked the
pieces over and brought me a vibrating pussy pump.  She must have not realized
that it gets three times as big when you pump it up.  It would be to easy for
her to get it up there without it being at least double in size so I pumped the
little hand pump and told her to stick up her whoring cunt.  She was looking at
it when I pumped it up and I know she did not know that it pumped up.  She took
the toy from me and put it at the entrance to her pussy.  She started pushing
and it started to disappear.  Her tears were falling to the floor and her face
looked distorted.  She kept up the fucking motion till it was in.  Now pull one
out and fuck yourself with it.  She reached and pulled the one out of her pussy
and started to fuck herself.  I pumped it up so she could enjoy it more.  She
started to moan.  I told her that she was not to cum and to put that one back
and pull out the butt fucker and fuck yourself with it.  She did and it went in
more easily. 

	I made her play with almost all the toys and her cunt and ass hole were red and
swollen when she was done.

    I unclipped the other clamps & walked out.




				The Humiliation

					Chapter VII  A dog named Jake and some friends



       I let her go to sleep when she was done playing with her toys.  I knew
what I had in mind for her in just a few hours.  I had taken one of the
uncleaned dildo's over to a separate part of the house where Jake has been
staying.  Jake is a large great dane with a dick as big as or bigger than mine. 
I was so excited thinking how that lump Jake gets on his cock when he is locked
in to a pussy, usually doggie pussy, but sometimes females that act like a
bitch.  Miss Beachem sure fits that part.  I also had some other pets that were
just as anxious to meet Miss Beachem.  I set the dildo down in front of Jake and
he went nuts.  He licked at it and tried to hump on it.  I picked it back up so
he would calm down till he was needed to fill Miss Beachems mind with memories. 
I then also went to sleep. 

       I woke up in just four hours and I went upstairs and drank some coffee
and had breakfast.  It was time for Bitch to meet bitch. 

       I went downstairs and said hi to my newly acquired slave.  She woke and
shook.  I know she was still hoping it was a dreadful nightmare. 

       I have some friends that want to meet you and I want you to introduce
yourself to them real nice.  The first one is Jake.  He wants some pussy or ass
or both.  I'm sure you will want to please him in every way.  I want you to kiss
him real nice and then take his cock in your mouth and suck on it for a few
moments.  Then  I want you to help him get his cock in your ass or pussy.  OK? 
"yes master".

       I brought in Jake and she almost fainted.  Here is Jake slut.  Be nice to
him.  Call him over and introduce yourself and kiss him.  In such a small
squeaky voice she called his name and then she kissed on the snout.  Now take
his cock and suck on it real good bitch.  She looked at it and it was already
hard.  The dog was trying to hump her already and she had not sucked his cock. 
I pulled him back and told her to suck it.  She put him mouth on it and the dog
went wild.  He humped it into her mouth faster than I ever could.  She kept
choking on it and finally let go.  I told her to turn around and to stay on her
knees.  She did and the dog lunged and started fucking before it was even in.  I
told her to help him get it in and she reached but he had found his mark by then
and was fucking her furiously.  Before long she started moaning again.  I had to
rub it in and tell her what a whore she was and that fucking the dog was driving
her to orgasm.  Fuck the bitch, Bitch.  She was about to cum and she was
breathing quite heavily.  This slut was really enjoying that dog.  She came and
so did the dog.  He knotted up inside her and drug her around.   I again started
laughing.  This bitch was stuffed full of dog cock and couldn't get off it.  I
just kept replying how much she enjoyed the dogs cock.  Tears of embarrassment
filled her eyes.  I told her I couldn't tell which was enjoying it more.  Her or
the dog.  I bet you never sucked a dogs cock before.  You really liked it didn't
you whore?  It was a loaded question of course,  if she answered yes, I would
tell her that she could eat it more often and if she said no, then she should
learn to enjoy it and she will get more time to suck on her favorite fucking
dogs cock.   She looked at me, while still stuck to the dog and told me "no
master, your slave means, yes master".  Well, since you enjoyed it so much,  I
will see to it that you get a lot of his cock to suck. 

       Finally after about fifteen minutes, Jakes cock came out.  I told Miss
Beachem to go and get cleaned up for she has other friends to meet.  She went to
the bathroom with her head hung down very low.  She took a short shower and
returned within 20 minutes.  I left the room but first told her that another
friend would soon be here.  I had read about the eel and people fucking with it
and I had a very hard time finding eels in this country that were still alive. 
I had fed and kept this eel for two weeks now and it looked like it was in very
good condition.  I brought it back to her room and she just looked at it.  I
opened the box that I carried it in then I put on some rubber gloves. When I
tried to pick it up it slipped out of my hands and back into the box.  I finally
got it picked up and told whore that I would help her introduce her new friend
to her cunt.  She just stared at it.  I told her that it might be a shocking
experience and that I thought she would like to be tied up so that she would get
the full enjoyment out of the electric fish.  I then took her hands and put the
cuffs on them and pulled them over the table.  Then I picked up her lovely legs
and cuffed them too.  She was now stretched out on the table with her legs
spread wide and her pussy gapping open.  I wanted to tease her cunt so I tapped
the tail of the eel on her clitty and she jumped.  This eel was about two feet
long and about three inches in diameter.  That meant is should put off about 200
volts of electricity.  With little amps it should do no permanent damage.  But I
bet I enjoy it more than she does.  I then put the eel by her cunt and she
jumped again.  I put the eel down in its box and decided to tie her down to the
table so that she can enjoy it.  HA HA.  I brought a strap around her hips and
tied it tightly.  Good.  Now back to Mr. Eel and Miss Beachem.  Mr. Eel Meet
Miss Beachem.  She screamed.  I put the tail again to the entrance to her pussy
and started pushing.  The electric shocking system on an eel is mostly all on
the tail and they are 3/4 tails.  It was hard to hang onto and push up her cunt
but the sound coming from my guest on the table was well worth the effort.  The
blood curdly screams and the more she screamed the more I pushed.  At last it
was in till only about a foot of it was left wiggling.  I took my camera and
went crazy with many shots of the action of her trying to buck and the eel
trying to wiggle out.  I loosened the strap around her hips so that she could
wiggle more.  She was screaming, wiggling, humping and the eel was wiggling and
shocking.  I could actually see the cunt clamping down each time the eel would
set off his current.  This was great.  I knew I would do this again.  Before I
even knew it I had jacked myself off.  I was so excited.  It didn't take long
for the eel to lose his power and I removed him.  I would take great care of
this new pet.  I took him back to his tub and let him loose.  I fed him well and
left for him to again gain some strength.  When I came back to Miss Beachems
torture chamber. I Told her that she surely was the biggest slut I had ever knew
or heard of in my life.  To get off from an eel.  Well, whore,  let's see if you
get off with another furry friend.  I left the room again and she was in tears
again.  I think they were tears of shame.  I came back shortly with a large fat
hamster.  I showed it to her and she just hung her head.  Mr. Hamster needs some
pussy too you know.  You must take care of the many creatures that do not have a
way otherwise to satisfy their sex lives.  You do want Mr. Hamster to enjoy his
sex life don't you?  "yes master" was the weak answer. 

       First I put a large plastic tube up into slaves cunt then I put Mr.
Hamster in the tube.  I put a lid on the end of the tube with holes in it so he
could breath and watched as Mr. Hamster explored his surroundings.  He started
pushing on the soft caresses of her pussy and soon he was heading inside her
tunnel.  I was again laughing at watching this hamster explore her cunt.  The
Cunt started breathing harder and harder and I knew that the hamster was doing a
good job of exploring.  Now she was wiggling and humping and I knew she was soon
to cum.  I was enjoying this too much.  I decided to let them enjoy themselves
and go and get me a sandwich.  I went upstairs where I could watch it on TV and
made myself a nice sandwich and laughed at the show.  Then I thought about the
problem.  I had forgotten to tie a string on the end of the  hamsters tail and
how would I get it out?  Oh Well, I will figure something out later.  Now I just
wanted to enjoy the show.   I saw the hamster peek his head out and turn and go
back in.  She was cumming and cumming.  She was surely enjoying her visitor. 
About an hour later the hamster came out and went into the tube.  I figured that
I better get it out.  I walked downstairs and when I walked into the torture
chamber I saw the hamster munching on the soft skin of her pussy.  I guess it
decided it was hungry and she looked edible.  Well, I took the plastic tube out
and put the hamster back into his box.  The screams stopped but she was still
bleeding.  I untied her and told her to go and get cleaned up slut.   While she
was in the shower I took the time to make things worse for her.  I had taken
lots of pictures and now I taped them all around so that she could see herself
being fucked by the dog, the eel and the hamster.  Then I put up pictures of her
eating her dinner.  Pictures of toys up both holes and her placing them there. 
When she came back into the room she flushed and dropped her head in shame.  I
laughed again.  Fucking Slut.  I left her and told her to have a good nights
rest for we had lots to do tomorrow.  Goodnight Fuck Toy.  "Goodnight master". 




       			Chapter VIII

       			Getting Ready for the Party		
      

       I woke my slave up early in the morning and told her that we were going
to a party this afternoon.  Then she was told to do as she was told or she would
be severely punished. 

       This morning I want you to come and eat a good breakfast and let Jake
have some fun.  He likes to eat pussy and he is supposedly good at it.  Have him
eat your puss for at least 20 minutes and then he can fuck you up your nice
tight ass.  Then I want you to douche.  Then I want you to give yourself an
enema.  I want you to fill the bag with nice warm water and then I want you to
take it all up inside of you.  Then I want you to keep it in for at least 20
minutes.  Then I want you to give yourself a cold ice water douche and then I
want you to fill up the bag with ice water and give yourself an enema with the
nice ice water.  Hold that in there for at least another 20 minutes.  While you
are holding that I want you to jam as many ice cubes up your cunt as it will
hold.  Make sure that it is at least one tray.  During that 20 minutes make sure
as the ice cubes melt you put more in.  Then I want you to dry off and put your
nice jewelry on.   Your dress you will be wearing will be laying here after you
clean up. 

       I grabbed her leash and took her upstairs.  I then told her to make us
breakfast.  I wanted eggs, potatoes and the sausage patties. 

       After I had shown her the early  pictures of  her eating her dogfood with
a cock sticking out of her ass, I had seen no reason to wear a mask.  She knew
who I was and I had told her that I would send some of the best pictures to all
her friends if she did not do as I told her. 

       She ate entirely too much and I knew she would regret it later when she
had to give herself her enema.  I just enjoyed watching her gorge herself. 

       After she ate and did the dishes, I tied her to dogs room and told her to
lay down to let Jake eat some pussy.  She did as she was told.  Jake starting
licking that cunt right away.  He licked and licked.  I left her their to watch
on the TV in the kitchen while I sat and drank another cup of coffee.  That
tongue on her sore cunt was starting to be abusive and she was trying to more
and Jake was getting more furious at his licking.  She would move up and he
would follow her.  It did not matter where she moved he followed and seemed to
lick that much harder.  She was enjoying the licking but the pain was also
keeping her from cumming.  I realized that she was wanting to cum and could not
because of the pain and she was getting more and more frustrated.  I decided to
let her stay frustrated for a while.  I left Jake licking her pussy for way over
a half hour.  Then I decided that taking her to the party frustrated was a good
idea.  Poor Jake no fucking today.

       While Jake was eating, I packed up my camera and film.  Also my camcorder
and lots of blank tapes. 

       I went into Jakes room and told him that he had to stop and he just
looked up at me with a sad look.  I told slut to get up and go take her shower
and do all that you were told.

       I went and chained her to her chamber and let her go to the shower.  I
had supplied all the stuff she would need.  While she was in the shower I got
her new dress.  HaHa.  This leather outfit was made like a tight dress but it
had holes where the tits stuck out and it was slit up the front and back so that
her pussy could show.  It really only hid her waist and shoulders. 

       I watched on the TV as she took her shower and washed all over then I
watched as she douched her dog licked pussy.  She was lightly crying.  AH poor
thing.  Yea, right.  When she started to give herself an enema she was bent over
in such a way that I could see her pussy and ass hole very clearly.  She started
the water.  She let it run till it was almost empty and she could not stand it
any longer.  She did a no no.  She emptied herself.  I started down the stairs
at almost a run.  I came into the bathroom and asked her what she had just done. 
She said "master your slave just let out the water in her bowels, and your slave
is sorry for having such little control".  Well, I said, if you have so little
control, I will have to show you how to do it.  Bend over bitch.  She did
quickly.  I shoved the end of the enema hose inside her and took it off the bag. 
Then I hooked it to the water supply.  I let the water run into her very slowly. 
It looked like she was pregnant.  I was just about to stop for she was screaming
in pain but when I turned the handle on the water, I turned the pressure up
instead of off and she screamed again.  I then shut it off and took a nice butt
plug and shoved it up her ass.  That hurt again and she again screamed.  Now
bitch, do as you were told because if I have to do it you will suffer.  Do you
hear me?  "yes master"  I left the room to go back up and watch on the TV
screen.  This was great.  She could hardly move but she filled the douche bag
with cold ice cube water and stuck the end up her cunt.  She let the entire bag
go up her cunt.  Then she got off the toilet and grabbed the ice cube tray.  She
slowly started putting ice cubes in her cunt.  Ice cube after ice cube
disappeared up that cold cunt.  She pushed a whole tray up and reached for
another tray.  She put two more up her cunt and let them sit up there.  Then I
glanced at her every once in awhile and caught her putting in more ice cubes.  I
was pleased with her and I thought that this party would be a good reward for
her behavior. 

       The 20 minutes went by and she pulled the butt plug out and emptied her
bowels,  then she let herself somewhat collapse on the toilet while she dripped
and cramped from the ass enema.  I thought I could see her stomach moving from
the wrenching going on inside of her.  She sat there for at least another 20
minutes.  She then reached for the enema bag and started filling it with ice
cubes.  Then she filled the remaining with water.  Then she bent herself over
and stuck it up her ass.  This time she took all of it.   She let it continue
dripping in her as it melted.  She stayed there holding her ass hole together
over the end of the enema bag  for another 20 minutes.  She was shaking from the
cold.  When she took it out and sat on the toilet she did not cramp as much and
she did not stay on it long.  She got up and dried herself off and went into the
other room to get dressed.  When she saw the dress with holes in it she again
hung her head but put it on.  Then she got her jewelry out and put that on.  She
only tightened it lightly and I took a mental note to tighten it more so she
would not lose the jewelry I bought her.  I went downstairs when I saw she was
done and told her that there was makeup on the table and that I wanted her to
look the part of a good whore so she was to use lots of makeup.  There was only
bright red lip stick and dark blue shadow.  Then the blush was also as red as I
could find.  When she was finished she could have walked any street and would
have been picked up for prositution.  I was very happy. 




       				Chapter IX

       					The Party Begins

       I put her in the car and hooked the collar that she wears to the floor of
the back seat.  Her face was in the floor which put her ass somewhat up in the
air.  I drove around and making her think that people could see her bared ass
from their cars.  It was fun but the party was to start promptly at 2 and it was
1:45.  I hurried to the place of the party and opened the back door that
revealed her back side.  Lovely view it was too.  I left her their while I spoke
to some gentlemen since this was the first time to come to a party like this. 
They told me to bring my slave inside and they would show me the ropes.  I
unhooked her from the floorboard and led her out.  Her head was hung down but
she followed me with ease.  I took in the house and the gentlemen told me to
chain my slave to the post.  I did and they showed me around the house.  The
whole house had been transformed into a play area.  The entrance  had the slave
post and coat rack.  Then in the lobby was the rack and some other nice toys. 
There were restraints all over the walls and posts were all decked out with
hooks for hanging or holding slaves.  Then there was the kitchen.  It was pretty
but also doubled as a medical center where your slave could be examined or
operated on.  Then the bathroom which was as large as the kitchen had a large
tub with hooks a table with hooks lots of ways of getting water into your slave. 
The next room had devices of electricity.  These took my fancy the most and I
was eager to try these on my slave since the demonstration with my welding
machine had been so successful. 

       There was only two slaves tied to the hitching post when I came out. 
Mine and one more had arrived.  I was told to put a hood on my slave for she was
looking around and being naughty.  I did as I was told and placed the hood on my
slave.  I also hooked the leash much closer to the post so that she could no
longer turn her head.  I started to walk off but the looks I was receiving told
me I should do more.  One gentleman had a strap in his hands so I asked him for
it and used it on her slightly leather covered butt.  When I finally got a good
scream out of her I quit and handed the belt back to the man.  He smiled and
told me that there were only three slave that were to be here today and all were
in for a good time.  He asked me if I planned on sharing my goods with all and
of course I said yes, but if my slave needs punished I will do it.  He said that
would be fine and that I had a very nice looking slave and he was quite looking
forward to working her over.  We laughed and I found out his name to be Bill. 
He introduced me to about 12 other guys but I am bad with names but there was a
Ted, John and Larry that I remember.  At last the third slave arrived and she
seemed more nervous than even my newly acquired slave was.  She had fresh marks
on her thighs and she had a ball gag in her mouth.  The slaves master tied her
to the post and spoke in a loud voice.  My slave has been very naughty and tried
to run away.  I am giving all you gentlemen permission to punish her as you
would your own slave if she misbehaves.  He introduced himself to me as Jake and
I had to laugh.  I did not tell him why I was laughing but I just told him that
I had a friend that was named Jake and he gave me many a good laugh.  He
accepted that and we walked into the other room and they were serving
refreshments. 

       Then a man stood up and walked in front of the group.  "Will you please
bring your slaves in gentlemen".  I was excited for it to start so I was there
in a flash and unleashed my slave.  I brought her in and was told to pull the
hood off the slave.  I did.  The other two men took and brought their slaves in
and we were all told to hook them to the hooks at the top of the post.  I took
the cuffs that were hanging down and put them on her.  She was much better
looking than the other two but maybe I am bias.  The one that had the ball gag
in her mouth had the most beautiful set of tits.  They had to be at least a size
38DD.  They were huge and did not hang down like most large breast.  They jutted
out very nicely and I wanted so badly to put a nice pair of tit clamps on them
and tie them up in some nice tight rope.  I bet those would really turn purple. 
I was so horny. 

       One of the rules that I was told on the phone was that both the pussy and
both tits must show when you bring your slave to the house. 

       Again Larry stood up and he said that since Phil has told us that his
slave has been naughty, lets start with her.  OK 

       Her back was to the post and her legs were grabbed.  Another set of cuffs
was produced and soon she was spread very eagle.  Then Larry told Phil to take
the gag out of her mouth for this is the time we wish to hear the sounds of
pleasure.  A light leather whip was produced and Larry told Phil to start.  I
was enchanted.  Phil took the whip and told his slave that for being a bad
little bitch she would get ten hits from each and every man here.  She was to
thank each one after he had given her the punishment and to ask for the next man
to give her some more punishment for she deserved it.  Do you understand Slave? 
"Yes Master" came a very weak reply. 

       OK then I will start.  He then brought the whip down on her pussy lips. 
The scream was horrific.  Again and again he smacked those cunt lips.  I was
getting a raging hard on.  She kept screaming and screaming.  I looked over at
my slave and she was very scared.  She seemed to be shaking.  When Phil quit
though, His slave managed to collect herself and say thank you master and would
the next man please punish me for I deserve it.  Luckily the leather whip was
not a real harsh one.  She was not bleeding but I could tell that she was sure
swelling from the licks she was taking.  The next man moved into position and
hit her quite lightly.  He hit her on her tits and quite quickly.  I was not
sure if he did not like the idea of punishing the cunt or if he wanted to get
down to serious fucking.  When he quit she again spoke. "Thank you for punishing
me and could the next man please come up and punish me for I deserve it".  The
next man was a big man named Fred and he decided to equal them out.  He hit her
left tit and then right, then he whipped her cunt.  Then he would go back and do
it again until he had taken his 10 licks at her.  She screamed with him but it
did not seem like he was really hitting her that hard.  It went on that way till
it was my turn and since I was so turned on from the punishment I really laid
into her.  I beat her on the nipples as best I could then I took and gave her
the last 5 between her legs and watched as her cunt lips turned even brighter
red and the screams took on a whole new meaning.  I was enjoying myself. 

       OK, take the slave down and prepare her for more punishment.  I want her
in the bathroom.  I want to make her stomach the size of Los Angeles.  HA,HA  We
were all laughing except for the slaves who all were shaking.  She was taken
away into the bathroom and my slave was being taken down also.  I was concerned
about my slave but also wanted to see what was happening to slave big tits.  I
walked into the bathroom and she was suspended from the ceiling with her head
toward the floor.  Her legs were spread wide and her arms were tied behind her
back.  She could move around but she could not get the water hose out of her ass
hole.  It had a rubber washer at the end of it and when Phil inserted it the
washer kept it in place nicely.  He turned on the water at a very slow speed. 
Then he grabbed her head and pulled out his cock.  Ask me to let you give me
head while you are filling up slave.  She quickly asked him if he would like her
to give him some head while he fills up her ass.  He rammed his hard cock into
her mouth and started fucking her face.  He held her head and forced his cock
down her throat.  He would block off her air supply with his cock and then let
it come out enough for her to take a small breath and rammed it back in.  I was
watching that and then I noticed that her ass was still filling up with water. 
Her stomach was large as a watermelon and still growing.  He looked down at her
and told her that he would turn the water off when she made him cum.  She was in
no position to do much but she tried to suck on it as best she could and he kept
ramming his cock into her.  The tears were welling up in her eyes and I was
swelling up in my pants.  I had forgot all about my slave.  He finally came in
her mouth and she did not lose one drop.  He did as he had told her and turned
off the water.  He said come on Paul.  This slave is out of commission for
awhile.  Let's see how yours is doing.  I realized again that I had forgot about
my slave.  We went out in the lobby and my slave was having a great time.  She
had a cock in her mouth one in her cunt and one in her ass hole.  I decided that
she was fine and to see what the other slave was doing.  Or what was happening
to her.  She had been stripped naked and laid on the table.  There beside her
was a needle and thread.  She was being strapped down to the table with heavy
straps.  Then the one known as Tom took the needle in his gloved hands and drove
it through her nipple.  She let out a scream and another as the other nipple was
pushed through.  Then Tom pulled on the string to bring both nipples as close
together as possible.  They were almost touching.  He then took the needle and
again went through both nipples and pulled again.   He pulled till they were
touching and then he tied off the thread.  Very meticulously did he do this.  I
figured he must be some kind of surgeon.  Then he took some cord and started to
bind the back of the tits tightly.  This pulled on the tied nipples and made the
nipple enlarge and point at themselves.  It was getting funny looking in a
warped kind of way.  Then he took the needle again and reached between her legs. 
He took a pretty bead and sent it down the needle onto the string.  Then he
pierced her clit with it.  When it came out the other side he again put a pretty
bead on it and drove the needle back through.  He did this till there were
twelve beads on each side.  The slave was near the point of passing out.  He
noticed and put some smelling salts under her nose.  She again started
screaming.  He then unhooked her legs and took her arms and released them only
to tie them behind her back.  Then he said out loud.  "Fuck time bitch"  He laid
her on the rough kitchen floor and stuck his cock in between the rope and the
string on her tits.  He started fucking her tits.  The way the string pulled on
her nipples was almost more than I could stand.  I wanted so badly to get off.  
I was rubbing myself and watching her being torture tit fucked .  It was great. 
He came and announced Next.  I was on her like a cat pouncing on a mouse.  I
stuck my cock into that pussy and the beads kept touching my cock as it entered
and exited.  It was a nice feeling.  It seemed it was not so nice to her for she
was screaming and I was cumming.  I shot my wad up that pussy and I though I
would never stop cumming.  I then went to see how my slave was doing.  She was
now suspended and had a dildo up her ass while Jake was fucking her.  I could
not help tell her that she was being fucked by another Jake.  I laughed but she
just hung her head lower.  I watched as they flipped her over to where she was
facing the floor.  Jake then came over and attached two lovely tit clamps to her
large breast.  Then he hooked them onto an elastic string from the floor.  He
then did the same to her lovely pussy lips.  Jake then lifted her head and told
her to give him a good blow job.  Another man got behind her and pushed his cock
into her ass hole.  As he pushed she was shoved into Jake and the elastic would
stretch pulling on her clit and her tits.  But it did not take Jake long before
he wanted some pussy so he pulled out of her mouth and let the other man have
her and he went over to slave 2.  Then is when the action really happened.  She
was swinging freely and every time Jake would insert his cock he would push into
her and move her about a foot.  Her nipples were extended to the max.  Her clit
looked almost paper thin at times.  I was hard again and decided to get a little
blow job myself from my slave.  She took my cock eagerly and sucked on it with
all her strength.  I think she was holding on to my cock for relief from the
pain in her cunt and tits.  OH Well,  suck it bitch, suck.  Since I had just cum
a few minutes ago it was quite some time before I came again and I did not even
notice that Larry was in her pussy when I finally came.  When they changed I do
not know but I sure did not care.  My fuck toy was let down and her arms must
have hurt.  She rubbed them and then looked at me for guidance.

       Larry came over and told me to have my slave bring the drinks out and to
take care of whomever needs taking care of. 

       I told my fuck toy to do as he told me and she went off to the kitchen. 
I heard a scream and walked in to see my fuck toy staring at the girl again on
the table.  Her tits were still sewn together and her pussy still had the beads
in place but they were adding a few pieces of jewelry.  She now was getting some
pretty colored beads around her pussy and around her asshole.  They had
stretched each hole with a speculum and were sewing the beads around each hole. 

       I slapped my slave and told her to get on her way or she would be next. 
She moved with unequalled speed. She brought the drinks out to the men in the
lobby and each one either pinched a tit or made her suck their cocks.  I even
saw one man tell her that he was in need of a bathroom and for her to open her
mouth.  That made her gag but she did a fairly good job and he did not want her
punished. 

       She had given all the men their drinks and they had decided to have her
suck one guy while she was fucked from behind.  All the time someone was
grabbing her tits and pulling on them.  I was having a great time and I knew she
was having the time of her life.  All that cock, ramming ever hole and getting
fed so many times.  I almost envied her.  Yea right.  Ha Ha

       I found out that the other two slaves were there for punishment.  They
sure did get plenty. 

       After slave 2 got her new jewelry she was brought out to be used as
another fuck toy.  She was terribly sore and each time a man entered her she
would scream.  That made most men want to fuck her even more.  My little fuck
toy was entertaining two men at the time.  She was laying on her side and had a
cock in both rear holes.  Then someone walked over and pulled her hair till her
head was almost straight back and stuck his cock in her mouth.  He fucked her
mouth and each time he drove it all the way in and cut off her breathing.  She
would start trying to get loose and wiggling around.  The men fucking her
enjoyed this so he kept it up making sure he would hold it inside the throat
long enough to for her to panic and flop around as much as she could.  It was
great to see. 

       I went to check on big tits and she had been taken down.  She was now on
a rack with wires connected to her tits and her cunt.  Then I noticed more wires
that ran out of her cunt and ass hole.  She had a metal dildo in each hole. 

       Time for some more punishment a big man told her.  You were very bad last
week and you are going to pay for it all this night.  Do you understand cunt? 
Yes master, your slave understands and thanks you for the punishment that your
slave is getting.  Your slave had no right to slap that nice man who only wanted
to fuck my pussy.  To fuck is what your fuck toy is for and your slave is very
sorry and disserves all you can do to her. 

       Since you are being so good at taking your punishment I will let you
decide where the pain will start.  Each one of these buttons turns on the
electricity to a certain place, you will push the button of your choice. 

       I looked at the remote that he held in his hands and saw that it was
nicely marked.  Top button was Left then Right below that, pussy was next and
then ass hole,  one more button listed clit. 

       Hurry up you fucking bitch.  I do not have all day. 

       She pushed the button and her hips jumped.  She had pushed pussy.  When
she pushed the first button, the thing was set up automatically from there.  It
continued from there and each part of her body would shake and she started
screaming.  It went just like the remote said.  Pussy, ass hole, clit, left tit,
right tit.  Each time it would go to her tits, they would jiggle.  It was like
they were made out of jello. 

       I kept thinking how much fun it would be to put my slave on this device. 

       Larry came up to me and asked if I were having a good time.  I said
extremely but I wondered if I could put my slave on something like this.  He
laughed and said electricity must excite you.  Of course, we have a smaller
version if you want to put it on her now.

       I jumped at the chance to see my slaves tits jiggling.  He came back
shortly with a hospital tens unit.  It had been modified to be equipted with
clips on the end of two wires instead of pads and two metal dicks were shining
in the dim light. 

       I walked out with the toy only to see my slave completely out of energy. 
She was not working her body to please the two men in her back holes.  I figured
that she diserved the shock she was about to get.  How dare her lay around so
lazily. 

       After the men deposited their load in her ass and pussy, I walked up to
her and pulled her by the hair.  "How dare you treat these nice men to such a
lousy fuck.  You are lazy and I am going to fix that right now".  She looked at
the instrument in my hands but did not know what it was.  She soon would though. 

       While she was standing, I connected the clamps to her left and right tit. 
She squeals some but not much. Then I told her to lay down and spread her legs. 
She did as she was told.  I inserted the cock looking electric toy up her ass
and then the other up her pussy.  I was not going to miss out on the clit,  I
connected the clit clamp last.  When I clipped it on I purposely let it slam
shut.  A beautiful scream came from my fuck toy. 

       I then turned to Larry and asked him how to work the machine.  He told me
to adjust the lever for gentle to extremely painful.  He flipped on the switch
for me and I could see the gentle position was making her gyrate her hips and
her tits were almost dancing.  This was neat.  I turned it up to see her tits
bouncing around.  Being shocked to the point of jumping.  Her clit was wiggling
all around and her ass hole and cunt were tightening up to the cocks and then
releasing.  It was great.  She was now begging and telling me she was sorry. 
That only made me more furious for she did not have permission to talk.  So I
turned it up to where it was really making her jump off the floor and she was
jumping around so badly Larry was afraid that she would hurt the unit so he
suggested that I tie her to the table or hook her to the post.  The post sounded
best to me so I turned off the machine and hooked her arms to the post above her
head and hooked her ankles in the cuffs by her feet.  Now all she could do is
move her ass around and I figured she was going to move around a lot.  I turned
the gentle shock back on and looked at her.  I know if I left it there she would
cum and enjoy every minute of it.  So I turned it till she was screaming again. 
I went straight past the place where she was begging. 

       I was watching those big tits actually jump around.  Then I looked at her
clit and it was wiggling and she had peed herself.   Her pussy and ass hole was
just as jumpy.  I loved it.  I did not want to stop the show.  I decided to see
how much she could take.  I turned it up some more and her parts jumped even
more.  I again turned it up and the screams were now even louder.  I did not
care, I was amazed at what was happening to her body.  I again turned it up and
then I turned it all the way.  The screams stopped.  I looked up and saw that
she had passed out.  How dare that bitch do that while I was having so much fun. 
She will pay for that.  Larry brought me over some smelling salts and she came
to.  I continued again to play.  First I would put it on gentle and then on
high.  I flipped the switch back and forth.  The screams came and then breathing
would resume, then screams and then the breathing.  Finally I figured she had
enough fun for awhile and I unhooked her. 

       Larry saw how excited I was with the toy and told me that I could keep
it.  WOW.  Thanks, I will use it often in your honor. 

       My slut fell to the floor and I told her she had better be getting up and
taking care of these nice men or I would put her back on the little machine. 

       She found the energy to move and crawled over to Jim.  I heard her ask
Jim "please let me suck you off or would you like to fuck me"  Jim accepted a
blow job off her and while she was giving him a blow job another man stuck his
cock up her fine tuned ass. 

       I looked around and saw that most of the men were now gone and asked
Larry where they went.  Oh, they get off and then some are lazy and take a nap
upstairs.  There are beds up there if you want to lay down for awhile.  No way,
I thought to myself.  I was having too much fun.  I went to see slave 2 and she
was sitting on a man and was fucking the hell out of his cock.  I could see the
pain in her face but she did not slow down. 

       I went to see big tits and she also was let down and she also was getting
fucked.  But she was being fucked by a big dildo.  It was connected to the wall
and her ass was strapped up to it.  It was huge.  Her asshole was stretched to
the max.  It was ramming into her like a mad dog.  Each time it rammed into her
she would let out a scream.  Each time she would scream the men there would
start laughing.   The way she was strapped was different and I liked it.  There
were two poles coming up from the floor.  He ankles were attached to those. 
Then her butt rested on a piece of wood to keep her in place, then the strap was
placed around her waist and pulled her into the wood.  Then the rest of her
dangled in front.  The dildo came out of the wall on a long spring like gadget. 
It was quite impressive.  I decided that I wanted my cock sucked on and I
grabbed her hair and put my cock in her mouth.  I started fucking her mouth and
felt the vibration of the cock in her ass each time it rammed into her.  That
was good and it did not take me long to cum. 

       After that she was brought down and she was told to get the other slaves
and to wash each other and give each other a nice douche and enema.  Make sure
that we enjoy the show.




       			Chapter X  There is More to Cum

       She walked out stumbling but did as she was told.  As soon as the other
two slaves were done with the man or men they were with they went into the
bathroom.  There was a large shower in there and plenty of space for each of the
guys.  We stood around and waited for the upcoming show.  First big tits, who
seemed to be leading, brought the two slaves with her and helped them into the
shower.  She did this by grabbing a tit and pulling them in.  Then she turned on
the water which must have been cold because the screaming and the nipples popped
up even more.  She reached down and caressed my sluts cunt and got down and
started lightly sucking on her clit.  She did not like it at first but knew she
would be in trouble if she moved so she stayed there and soon she was moaning. 
Then she started fingering slave 2 and she started moaning soon too.  Then she
told my cunt to lay down on the floor of the shower and told slave 2 to eat her
pussy.  Slave 2 did as she was told and the water  coming down on them and the
girls giving themselves pleasure was getting me hard again.  Big tits got behind
slave 2 and took the hose and stuck it up her ass hole.  She jumped but went
right back to work on my slave.  Big tits turned the water on full blast and
slave 2 jumped and tried to move out of the way.  She never stopped eating my
slaves pussy though.  Then Big tits put the hose in her pussy and again turned
the water on full blast.  She then stuck her finger in her ass and while she was
watering her pussy, finger fucked her ass hole.  My slut was being a big slut
and was moaning and ready to cum.  Big tits stopped the water and finger fucking
and told her to trade places with the slut under her.  They did and my slave was
very slow to start eating pussy.  Slave 2 pulled her head down but my slut was
again repulsed. Finally Big tits slapped her ass with the hose as hard as she
could.  The scream came and went as she put her tongue to work on that pussy
that was waiting for her attention.  I think big tits was pissed because when
she inserted the hose inside my slave she turned the water to hot.  For the
first few minutes till it turned hot my slave kept eating the pussy but then it
started getting hotter and she started screaming.  At last, the water was turned
again to cold and my slave was eating pussy really quickly.  It wasn't long
before slave 2 was moaning and ready to cum in my slaves mouth.  When she was
ready to cum, big tits moved the hose to her ass hole and my slave jumped.  She
was trying to get rid of the hose in her ass and big tits was getting pissed
again.  Poor slave 2 was now wanting some relief and my slave was worried about
herself.  Big tits took a dildo and stuffed it up my slaves pussy and then she
attached the rubber to the hose and filled my slaves ass up.  Then she started
beating her ass with a leather whip.  My slave was in severe pain but found out
that she had better finish the job of eating that pussy.  Her stomach was
hanging down to almost touch the floor.  She ate the pussy with a vengeance and
she was only released from her water torture when slave 2 had cum.  Then it was
Big tits turn get on the floor and get what she had given.   My slave took the
big hose and inserted it up her cunt.  While she did, big tits started eating
slave 2's pussy.  My slave decided to warm her up a bit and turned the water to
warm and then to hot.  Big tits kept eating and tried her best not to stop. 
Finally my slave turned the water to cold again and went to put it in big tits
ass.  I think she was enjoying the fact that for a moment this slave was in her
control.  The whores had been cleaned and we got some good pictures of each one
eating some fine pussy.  Also I took a picture of the hose up my slaves ass.  I
thought I might get that one blown up to full size. 

       Larry told the whores that they had some time off and he would advice
them to use it to sleep. 

       I went in and got another drink while someone moved the slaves to their
sleeping room. 

       No one told me what was to come next but Larry did ask me if my slave had
been introduced to animal fucking.  I said yes, and that I was sure she enjoyed
it.  He said good and walked away.

       It seemed that all the guys were pretty well spent and even I was content
to sit back and have a few drinks. 

       We lazed around or took a nap for about two hours.  Then Larry came to
wake anyone up that was sleeping and told them Main attraction coming up.

       I had laid down myself and got up with the rest.  I ask another guy what
the main attraction was but he just said that we would see.

       We were all led into a different part of the house with chairs set up.  I
took a seat and Larry came to me to ask again if I was going to let my slave
have fun with the animal.  I quickly said yes and again he took off.

       Shortly I heard the girls screaming.  They were all brought out on the
stage and then Larry asked for a vote of which slut should go first.  He raised
big tits arm and whistles and arms were raised.  He raised slave 2's arm and
less votes went for her.  Then he got to my slave and more arms went up.  Larry
said that my slave had won the honor of going first.  I was somewhat proud. 
Larry took her by the arm and asked Joe to help him.  They went behind the
curtain and again I heard a scream.  Not of pain but it seemed like terror.  I
was intrigued.  Finally the curtain came up and there was my slave bound in such
a way as to give full access to this giant Donkey.  Yes, donkey.  There was a
shield above her so that the donkey could not put his weight on her.  Then there
was a contraption on his hard cock to keep it from going all the way in.  His
cock was mammoth.  It was almost 4 inches in diameter. 

       Larry put a large vibrating dildo in my slaves pussy till she was moaning
and getting very wet.  Then he pushed it into her ass and used it there till she
was again wet. 

       Larry started getting down off the stage and said "let the fun begin". 

       Joe let the donkey go and he sniffed her pussy.  He even took his rough
tongue and licked her.  My cock was again getting hard.  I looked around and the
two other whores were quickly asking all if they wanted sucked off and I was
hoping they would get to me soon. 

       The donkey started to hump on her and she started screaming.  Well, I
never saw anything like this before.  He humped and humped and she just kept on
screaming.  At last the head started entering her cavern.  He had sunk his meat
in her warm and moist cunt.  He kept humping and humping and he was soon all the
way to the contraption that stopped his cock from going any further in.  That
donkey was doing a fine job of fucking that bitch.  I took the VCR and made sure
it was capturing all of this.  I still took some pictures. 

       Finally big tits came over and asked me if I wanted to be sucked off. 
YES, I said.  She started sucking on me but I forced her head into it even more
and frantically fucked into her mouth.  Watching my slave get fucked by a donkey
was tops.  I was cumming and I was enjoying the show. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Connie Miller


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





