BDSM Library - Beheld




Beheld
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The intensity and passion of forbidden lusts. A dark dance between a brother and a sister longing to delve into dark and forbidden desires, while their reluctance only intensifies their strange hunger.
Beheld
by Sinner

CHAPTER I

"And close the door."

She did as was demanded, though it was overtly apparent in her face that her
thoughts were elsewhere. She was concerned, disturbed, perhaps even scared. Even
after the door had clicked shut, she stood with her long, red, enamel
fingernails wrapped around its knob, staring vacantly downward, at nothing in
particular.

"Are you ready?"

"I think so," she said slowly, still in some strange trance, her gaze still
targeted toward the lower portion of the bedroom wall.

"Then have a seat," he said, motioning toward the antique wooden chair with the
red velvet seat that was positioned against a bare wall. He sat on his unmade
bed and rattled through a blackened box of pencils.

"I can't stay long," she defiantly volunteered as she situated herself in the
chair and instinctively jabbed her fingers into her short, brown,
strategically-rumpled coif.

"I don't want you to."

"Then why do you want to draw me?"

"Turn your body to the right, then look in my direction, though not directly at
me."

The forty-seven-year-old woman did as she was instructed by her younger brother,
almost ten years her junior. She did so with little or no question because she
was strangely intrigued and, as such, curious as to his motives and their
potential consequences. That is the exact reason she rapped on his back door
that afternoon, just as he had requested.

Other than the sound of sharp, hard pencil lead viciously scratching against the
soft, white paper, there was silence. Maintaining her pose, she scanned the
stacks of canvases propped against the wall behind he who drew her, as well as
the sketches pinned and taped to it. All the ones she could see were of sensuous
and slender young women, either nude or scantily clad in trendy apparel designed
exclusively for women of that type - a type of woman she was not.

Though I once was, she thought to herself. She recalled her own reflection and
how much she relished it, sometimes with a giddy excitement while at other times
with a secret stirring. I am sexy, she would proclaim as she'd admire her
exaggerated bust. I will be the object of men's desire. A thrilling notion for
her as a young woman, given the sublime nature of her own guarded desires - for
the passionate, for the sensual, for the lustful. Slowly and sadly, however, she
withdrew from the reverie and her eyes again began to focus on the paintings and
sketches and, again, on the women... and the woman she was not.

"So why do you want to draw me?"

"Why do you want me to draw you," came the voice from behind the sketch pad.

The truth was not an option. Nor was a good lie in the midst of such an
unexpected and difficult question.

"Who are all those women that have modeled for you? Women in New York?"

"Yes," he said quickly, after turning his head in the direction she was staring,
then snapping it immediately back to the paper.

The works were sensual, strange and dark, she thought. She felt compelled to
find out more, yet somehow didn't want to. However, semi-rational decisions did
not have an effect on her imagination. Brief and vague visions flashed through
her mind as she perused the paintings with her eyes. Each one she viewed would
momentarily come to life and she was there while it was being painted, witness
to the enigmatic atmosphere of a sophisticated and mystical eroticism she found
intoxicating but that she knew nothing about. The more she looked at them, the
more she loved them. Her brother's paintings.

"I have to go now."

"No, not yet," he said without pause, then made one last dramatic scratch on the
pad before tearing the top sheet from the spiral binding and handing it to her.

She stared at it for several seconds.

"How do you want me to pose for the next one," she asked.




CHAPTER II

"I want you to slide your sleeves off of your shoulders."

She stared at him blankly if not incredulously. An instinctive reaction for a
woman such as herself to such a strange if not inappropriate request, especially
coming from someone like her brother.

He stared back until he saw her slowly twist her head to her left and pinch the
long, soft, black sleeve of the blouse and reluctantly begin to peel the
dramatically open neckline off of her flesh.

He bowed his head towards the sketch pad in preparation to draw, yet slowly
raised his eyes to watch his sister.

"Bra straps too. Shoulders bare," he said sharply.

She hooked her left thumb under the shiny, black bra strap and pulled it down
off of her full and freckled shoulders, then gingerly tucked it inside her
blouse. She went through the same procedure on the right side. Placing her arms
rigidly along her body and grasping the chair's seat, she stared back at him as
if awaiting approval if not further instruction.

None came. Instead, he simply began to draw.

From the vent above her, the cold breeze of the air conditioner chilled her
shoulders, their sensitivity being exaggerated by the fact that they were the
only part of her body that was bared. Despite his instructions, at this point
she couldn't help but to cast her glance upon him as he drew her. He made
gentle, curved motions with the pencil. He was drawing her bared shoulders, she
was convinced. She physically felt the attention upon them, upon her exposed
skin. She shivered at a phantom touch.

Bandying the bangles around her arm clear of her heavy Rolex, she nervously
glanced at it.

"I'm going to have to go very soon. I have things to do before-"

He handed her the next sketch.

"Oh my God. How do you make me look like this?"

"Like what," he replied as he lit a cigarette.

"I don't know. Glamorous. Alluring." She almost didn't say it, and it was
obvious in her tone,"sexy."

"I draw what I see."




CHAPTER III

An hour had passed. The hardwood floor littered with sketches. She had posed
twenty different ways, her blouse effected by the commotion. The loose neckline
and sleeves had fallen scandalously low about her soft, corpulent arms. She had
made not one attempt to rectify the situation. Rather, it was apparent she
lavished within it, if not exploited it. The majority of her poses consisted of
her clutching, stroking or in some way calling attention to the revealed skin of
her neck, shoulders and upper chest.

"I have to get another pad," her brother mumbled as he stood and moved to a
shelf off to her left.

"Oh. Okay," she said with a weakly feverish tremble in her voice. She cleared
her throat as a hopeful remedy.

"So. What now?"

"What do you mean, 'what now,'" he shot back, annoyed.

"I mean -"

"What now," her brother interrupted tenaciously, "is that you need to turn that
chair to face the window because we're losing light."

"Yes, that's what I meant," she said quietly, with a air of shame in her voice.
She firmly held the arms of the chair and pushed the heels of her black pumps
against the floor. The legs of the chair slid along the wooden floor with a
violent screech. Her brother turned around abruptly.

"No! You've moved it too far." He quickly moved behind her and grasped the back
of the chair, then diligently began to pull and shove it into the ideal
position.

"And you'll need to shift your body more to the left."

Confused if not a bit frazzled, she complied as best she could.

"No, no! Not that much. Look, just turn so that the-"

When his hands inadvertently clutched her bared shoulders in an attempt to
position her, every ounce of air was sucked out of the room. A white-hot flash.
A deafening silence.

Her eyes closed, her lips parted, and her head fell slightly backward.

The subtle sound of him swallowing, his adam's apple riding up then back down
his throat, was the only sound in what seemed like an eternity.

"Just turn so that the light hits the left three-quarters of your... of you," he
said softly, though uneasily. He tightened his fingers' grasp upon her shoulders
for an instant before releasing them. He grabbed the new sketch book from the
shelf and sat on his bed. Exhaling, he ran the back of his twitching hand over
his forehead to wipe away a thin film of perspiration. He then pinched his nose
and mouth, ostensibly for the same reason, though the scent of her perfumed
flesh upon his fingers caused him to inhale deeply. When he composed himself and
looked back at his subject, he couldn't help but notice her perplexing if not
blank countenance as she stared at him in what seemed like a trance-like state.

"Do you need to go?"

She shook her head.




CHAPTER IV

An hour later she was no longer in the chair but next to it, standing as she
posed. Her vulnerably bared shoulder blades and the palms of her hands were
pinned against the white wall. She'd pushed her shoulders up and rested her chin
on her right one as she looked downward, depicting a woman in passionate despair
or peril.

"There." Her brother held out the sketch for her to see, his lean, tattooed arm
now exposed since he'd removed his white, button-down shirt due to the musty
heat that had developed within his small bedroom of this old apartment. His
white tank top spotted with sweat, nonetheless.

"Oh, this is my favorite so far. I love this one. I look like Marylin Monroe.
Some old movie star."

"Yeah," he said unaffected as he lit another cigarette and rubbed the point of a
pencil on sand paper.

She continued to examine and admire the sketch she held in her hand, comparing
it and herself to the paintings and the women on his wall. She didn't ask him
why he wanted to draw her. Instead, she bravely sauntered over to the wall
itself and began flipping through the stacks so canvases, pulling out those that
interested her.

"Some of these have men in them, or at least parts of their bodies, such as
their arms. "Did you paint couples also?"

"No, of course not," he snapped.

"Then how-"

"I'm the men or man in the paintings. I used a Polaroid camera with a remote and
painted them based on the shots."

"...oh."

He stopped what he was doing and stared at the floor. Bringing his hand to his
eyes and squeezing them, he grimaced as if in some moral torment.

"Would you... would you be interested in doing that," he implored hesitantly.

"Yes, I would."




CHAPTER V

He meticulously set-up the camera atop an old chest next to his paintings,
taking great care to aim and adust it properly, placing a stack of books under
it to give it the correct height.

"We're ready."

He scurried directly behind her with the small remote in his hand. Approximately
a foot taller than her, he looked over her right shoulder at the camera and
almost instinctively placed his left hand between her neck and left shoulder.
Before doing so, however, he deliberately wrapped his fingers around a part of
her upper arm that her shirt still covered. He aimed the remote with his right
hand and clicked, then took hold of her other covered arm with it.

"We have ten seconds. This is just a nice, family portrait."

"Oh yes, very nice," his older sister added. "We're in your bedroom. You're in a
'wife beater' (referring to his shirt), my clothes are falling off, and we're
both sweaty. It will make for a splendid Christmas card."

They both laughed. A flash and a buzz and the photo was ejected from the camera.
He strode over and plucked it from the camera and they watched it develop.

"It's cute," she chirped.

"Yes, it's nice," he agreed. "Should we take another?"

She looked at her watch again.

"Yes, but then I really should be going. Mouths to feed."

"Of course." He again situated himself behind her, but this time he allowed his
palms to fall halfway upon the bared skin of arms, while still marginally over
the fabric of her knit top.

Her eyes widened at the sensation of his flesh against hers. The photo was
taken.

"This one is much better," she said, feigning innocence.

Without pause, they prepared to pose for another. This time he placed his hands
blatantly upon her naked shoulders. There was an immediate though ambiguous
noise that filled the room, akin to a "Mmmm," but from whom or where it came was
uncertain. Flash. Buzz. Photo.

He slid the fingers of one hand around her neck while the other clutched her
shoulder. Flash. Buzz. Photo. He slid all of his fingers over her throat. Flash.
Buzz. Photo. She arched her neck. He wrapped his arm around her thick, warm
waist. She bowed her head. He gently pulled her head back by her hair. She
thrust forth her breasts. She sunk her fingers into her top and pulled it
downward, exposing her cleavage as well as the lace of her bra. He breathed upon
her neck. She threw her hands over her breasts. He kneaded the palm of his hand
into her stomach. She reached down and grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled
it up slightly. He raised the hand that was wrapped around her torso and tucked
it under her obscenely large breasts.

"Hey! Careful now..."

"Forgive me," he panted. He lowered his hand then aimed the remote. Flash but no
buzz. "We're out of film. 'Need to get more. Hold on."

"Whatever," she gasped as she tossed her head back and fanned her
sweat-glistening neck and chest with her hand.

As he tore through his hall closet looking for more film, he heard her yell from
the bedroom.

"Jake?"

"Yes?"

"I noticed that some of these women in your paintings look like they're
tied-up."

"They are," he yelled back, his head still buried in the closet.

"Oh."

"'Found some film," he proudly announced as he made his way to the camera. "I
knew I had a lot more. I'm quite unorganized."

"Well... I don't see why we can't take some photos like that."

"Photos like what," he asked, confused.

"Photos of me tied up."




CHAPTER VI


He shoved her watch and heavy silver bracelets up her arms as he began to wrap a
solid black, silk necktie around her wrists, in front of her.

"This will make for an interesting painting, won't it," she asked with forced
matter-of-factness. "It will be more artistic."

"'Too tight," not dignifying her thinly veiled question and statement with a
response.

She shook her head frenetically, never taking her eyes off of him working on her
wrists.

"This is unreal," she said under her breath.

"Excuse me?"

"Nothing," she whispered with a shaky sigh. "I've never been tied-up before. At
least not-"

"I know."

She inhaled and began to formulate a sentence - a response to his strange
statement. She didn't know what to say.

He moved behind her and, in perfect concert, they began to pose for the camera.
He passionately groped and molested every ounce of her exposed flesh with his
claws. He viciously feasted upon the sight of his sister's soft skin with his
eyes. Putting his mouth fractions of inches from her neck and shoulders, he
pretended to be growling something sinister into her flesh. He manhandled her
womanly body, positioning it according to his faux-fiendish whims. Flash, buzz,
photo. In turn, she arched her neck to expose it to him as if in some dark
bliss, or lower her head as if surrender. She raised her shoulders to accentuate
their vulnerability. She struggled against her young brother's controlling hands
while pressing her body against his in doing so. She'd raise her bound wrists to
shield her breasts, then drop them in relinquishment. Flash, buzz, photo. The
room was completely silent. Silent except for the now flagrant sound of each
other's heavy breathing - him through his nose, her through her mouth. A strange
and torrid dance of unknown consequences. A simple bedroom transformed into a
seething cell of intense and forbidden lust.

He aimed the remote and pressed, the fingers of his left hand sunk down into her
left sleeve that was still wrapped around the lower portion of her full and
gentle biceps.

"Three... two..." he wickedly growled through his gnashed teeth. He instantly
took hold of her right sleeve. Simultaneous with the flash, his hands violently
yanked the sleeves further down her arms, almost to her elbows. And simultaneous
with the "buzz" came the sound of ripping fabric.

She immediately gasped and threw her head back dramatically. Then quickly
composed herself.

"HEY! Are you crazy," she yelled as she looked over her shoulder at him, fury in
her eyes, then examining the two-inch-long tear along the seam of the right
sleeve.

He merely started down at her without saying a word. Running his fingers
fiercely over the delicate skin of her shoulder blades and upper back, he had
returned to the dance. Gradually, so did his partner, though now with even more
scandalous passion than she'd shown before. Her fingers often tugging at the
torn fabric while she'd cast her gaze upon it with a frightened demeanor. Doing
so to draw it to the lens' attention or merely because it stirred her, the
reason was not certain. Flash. Buzz. Photo.

Shattering the sound of their respective cum collective breathing was the rattle
of metal. He was unbuckling his belt. Startled, her eyes grew and she cocked her
head to listen. The unmistakable sound of leather sliding through fabric
confirmed her suspicions. It also fueled an instinctive reflex: protest.

"No, no! Listen, you can't take off your pan-"

He'd taken each of the ends of the thick, black, leather belt in each hand and
had raised it over his sister's head then lowered it so that it stretched across
her naked upper chest. Pulling it tightly, thus pressing her back into his
chest, he placed his mouth a breath away from her ear.

"I can't do WHAT," he growled in a sadistic whisper.

"OHHhhhhhh...," she released upon feeling the leather against her flesh - an odd
double entendre, seeing as it was both a means of expressing her understanding
of the situation as well as a rapturous expression of her reaction to the
sensation. "...You can do whatever you have to do...," she muttered desperately
as she turned her head over her shoulder to look into his face. Doing so
unexpectedly brought their mouths dangerously close. She closed her eyes and
moved her face towards his. "... whatever you have to do for a good
painting...," in a whisper almost inaudible. She parted her lips and slanted her
head, their lips within a hair of each others'.

"Yes, I know I can." He suddenly jerked the belt tighter. Flash. Buzz. Photo.

The belt became the third partner in the dance. It slithered its way around his
sister's arms, around her neck, across her stomach, across her legs, touching
her face, touching her back, binding her breasts.

He arduously struggled to buckle the belt at her back so that it would bind her
breasts, forcing the bountiful flesh to pour from her bra. It wasn't working. It
wasn't long enough.

"I don't want anyone to see any these photos, but especially not this one," she
said between groans of an ambiguous nature, resulting from the force of the belt
against her bosoms.

"Photos? We ran out of film over half an hour ago."

"Wait... then why are you still doing this to me?"




CHAPTER VII


"Okay, I really need to go now. It's starting to get dark," she said with panic
in her voice.

He did not release the belt from around her. She began to jerk her body so as to
free herself. He only tightened the belt's hold. She raised her bound wrists and
desperately attempted to wedge her fingers between the belt and her flesh,
though to no avail - she merely broke off two of her expensive artificial nails
in doing so.

"Dammit, I seriously have to go. Let me go! Stop doing this! This isn't funny,"
both fear and anger effecting her tone. She lunged forward, then tossed herself
from side to side, her high heels clicking and sliding on the hardwood floor.
Still, freedom from her young brother's clutches did not come closer. A slight
struggle ensued, moving the two towards the wall. Abruptly, he pressed her
firmly against it, forcing her face to turn dramatically to one side so as to
avoid impact.

His cheek against her ear, his body against hers, the two remained paralyzed for
several seconds... paralyzed except for the almost panting level of their
breathing resultant from the struggle and emotion. The trance suddenly broken,
she again began to struggle, causing her brother to release one end of the belt
and frantically attempt to restrain her by grasping the back of her bared neck.
And, without warning, he placed his lips gently upon her skin, between the side
of her neck and her shoulder. Kiss.

He did it again - with a look of both confusion and lustful intoxication in his
eyes as he scanned her skin - but this time placing his lips lower, upon the
back of her shoulder. Then again in the middle of her bared upper back. Her
otherwise tense body became limp under his grasp and leaned away from the wall
and back against him, her head falling back as her eyes closed languidly. He
slowly released his grip on her neck and delicately began to slide his fingers
along the outline of her left shoulder. She shivered. He then placed his
partially open mouth on her left shoulder, extending the tip of his tongue
slightly to taste his sister.

She let her bound hands drop from their position of protecting her breasts and
rolled her head to receive these strange, tantalizing sensations. Her mouth
quivered in an attempt to speak, yet all that left her lips were quiet,
involuntary gasps and moans of subtle,intense and forbidden rapture.

"I... I know why you wanted to draw me... paint me," she muttered in a sweet,
girlish though gasping whisper, her eyes still closed, her head in constant
though sultry motion. "The photos... I know. I know why you're doing this." The
feel of lips and tongue softly swimming down her spine while his palm gently
ravaged her shoulders and neck caused a pause in the proclamation she was
delivering to her brother. "I understand. I understand now. You understand,
don't you? You know, don't you? You always knew. You always knew... didn't you?"

"There doesn't have to be a reason," he said firmly with the side of his face
pressed against the flat of her back, the tip of his tongue twisting to contact
her flesh. "Passion needs no explanation."

"Passion," she repeated with an exalting and dramatic moan as she felt his
tongue hungrily lap the back of her upper arm. "Yes... but you knew. You knew I
had something those women you painted didn't have. You always knew, didn't you?
That's why I'm here, isn't it? Tell me... please. I want to hear you say it.
Please..."

He peeled his mouth from her back and stood up straight. Grasping her shoulders
(the belt still held in his right hand), he spun her around to face him.
Simultaneous with her thrusting her ample breasts forward - for his sake as well
as hers - he plowed his face into the bend of her neck and began to devour her.
From collar bone to cleavage, his mouth rampaged over her exposed flesh while
his hands slid and slithered. Her footing began to falter and he had to forcedly
keep her from collapsing. She then hesitantly placed her bound hands upon his
shoulder, as if he were her lover.

"Oh God. This... this is bad... soooo bad," she oozed in the throes of some
forbidden rapture. "We shouldn't be doing this... this is wrong... Mmmmm...
We're so bad. I'm so bad for doing this... Oh God... kiss me."




CHAPTER VIII

"Yes, you are bad, aren't you," he said after rearing his face from her flesh
and looking down at his sister. His tone was strangely severe.

Before she could respond to what she thought was some flirtatious provocation,
he grabbed her arms, swirled her around and, violently shoved her onto his bed,
face-first. Staring at the sheets with a countenance of both shock and
wonderment, she let her body slowly slide down the edge of the bed until her
knees landed on the floor, leaving her, basically, kneeling over his bed.
Supported by her arms bent at the elbow, ending at her bound and folded hands,
she looked as though in prayer.

"What are you going to do to me," she whispered as she looked over her shoulder,
vaguely in his direction.

"Punish you." He raised the belt, hopefully so that she could see it.

"Oh."

Holding the belt in his right hand, he slowly and deliberately brought it back
over his left shoulder. He let it come down slightly upon her upper back. She
winced and threw her head back upon the sensation of the thick, black leather
upon her skin. He paused and repeated the action. Her reaction was far less
dramatic than the previous. He gently lashed her a third time... to no reaction
whatsoever.

"Are you going to whip me," she inquired with a sweet and innocent tone.

"I AM whipping you."

"No, not really."

"I don't think that would be very wise."

"Why not," she pitifully demanded in the voice of a disappointed child.

"Because...," he let out, flustered. "I don't know. There would be... Someone
could see something."

"Jake, no one sees my body. He hasn't seen my - Maybe at the pool... but I can
wear a -"

With a mighty slap of leather on flesh, she released a lustful cry, broken into
strange fragments by her physical contortions. Her head inadvertently having
been dramatically thrown back, she slowly lowered it upon her hands before her
as she panted wildly.

Her brother delivered another, then another, and yet another lash upon what skin
was exposed, each time attempting to contact some ounce of her soft, pink flesh
that had yet to be tormented by him. The room was ablaze with some dark,
forbidden and uncontrollable lust between the two of them - something neither
could explain, nor did they feel compelled to, now within the tumult. Each
wicked strike of the lash was some torrid kiss between them. The harnessed
expression of hours - if not a lifetime - of an overwhelming passion, desire and
lust between two who were forbidden to unite. Their union, hence, diverted and
taking the form of another dark and secret symbol of passion. A man and a woman
under extraordinarily strange circumstances.




CHAPTER IX

"Get on the bed." He stood covered in sweat, the folded belt in his right hand
and to his side. "Now," he barked, annoyed by the slowness of his sister's
exhausted movements. He rushed her, sliding his right forearm around her bared
upper chest and his left hand clutching the inside of her large, 
pantyhose-sheathed thigh. He hoisted her up and onto the bed, the surprising
weight of her body causing him to strain. Once situated on the bed - laying on
her stomach, her upper body still supported by her upper arms, bent at the elbow
- he straddled her thighs with his lean, jean-covered legs and returned to
whipping her back and shoulders.

There were no more statements, observations nor questions from her at this
point. Together they'd crossed a line into the forbidden - a realm that did not
need to be questioned, nor did it warrant pretense of motive. Rather, it was to
merely be experienced. The question tearing through the air was just how deep
into this forbidden realm would they venture. Neither knew.

As her head remained bowed, he worked to undo her black bra, which he had
exposed by pulling down her blouse. The two ends flew apart once released, and
he ran his fingers over the newly exposed flesh of her back as he felt her body
rise and fall underneath him. Scared? Excited? He cared not. He continued to
lash his sister with the belt, but now - since he was no longer standing a few
feet behind her but was perched above her, he molested her flesh with his free
hand as he whipped her. And her gasps, whimpers and gyrations only confirmed
that she had surrendered to desire and that everything he wanted from his older
sister, she wanted to give to him. She understood, she knew, he thought to
himself.

Placing his knees together, he turned her over violently. The motion caused her
large breasts to fall from the cups of her undone bra. She instinctively brought
her bound hands up to cover them, then hesitated and let them drop back down to
her stomach, deliberately letting her brother see her naked bosoms. As he stared
down at them, she arduously raised her head to look down upon them herself, then
closed her eyes, let out a trembling exhalation, and allowed her head fall back
against the mattress, beads of sweat dripping down her temple.

He did not touch her breasts, but rather reached down and took the hem of her
knee-length, black skirt in his hands. As he laboriously jerked it upward, his
sister raised her buttocks from the mattress so as to make it easier. He pushed
it up to her waist (it was far too tight for a woman of her size, age and
station to be wearing, he thought to himself. Though he was impressed that she'd
worn such a thing for which in public she'd never be caught dead, "for him"). He
began to sink his slender fingers into the nylon of her pantyhose, only to be
distracted by the overt stain that had permeated not only her panties but her
pantyhose. He smiled for a second before he fiercly ripped open said pantyhose
leg that covered her right thigh. His sister reacted as if in seizure: she
raised her knees to the air, though while still keeping her eyes closed. He
forced her legs back down and proceeded to whip the exposed flesh of her thigh
with the belt.

"I... I can't take much more... I'm serious. We have to stop. You have to
stop...," she pleaded desperately.

He turned her over again. However, rather than straddling her body, he sunk his
right knee between her legs, up against where it was most damp.

"Oh my God," she muttered without moving her lips. "I don't want this. You're my
brother..."

He grabbed her shoulder and pushed her body more firmly into his knee.
Continuing to apply force, he commenced to the whipping of her back, now
completely exposed - her blouse having been pulled down to her waist.

She shuttered and twitched with every sting of the lash upon virgin skin,
huffing with a jerk as the lash came down. Finally, she slowly drew her knees
inwards, towards her stomach. With each strike of her brother's wicked lash, her
hips would jolt, sending her body sliding up then down his thigh.

"Sometimes a brother must punish his sister," he said as he watched the wet
streak caused by his older sister's juices against his jeans to intensify. Then
he'd grip her neck firmly and lash her back again.

"WHY," she cried loudly as her body convulsed and slammed itself against his
thigh. Her long, red fingernails digging into bedsheet, the sound of her
bracelets banging against one another as she rocked back and forth against her
brother's torment, sweat from her hair pouring down upon the mattress.

"You know why... SISTER," he growled as he slid his arm under her, taking
special care not to make contact with her nipples. He raised her slightly then
bit into her neck as he whipped her opposing shoulder.

She dropped her head onto the mattress in surrender as she let out a terrified
gasp. Her hips began to pound uncontrollably against his thigh - the velvet
heels of her pumps smacking together as she wrapped them behind her brother's
thigh, pulling it further into her.

"WHIP ME! WHIP ME! KISS ME! HIT ME! BEAT ME... DAMNIT" she yelled as the bed
frame slammed violently against the wall. She began to sob wildly, then
attempted desperately to move her bound hands from before her to between her
legs.

Her brother removed his hand from her breasts and used the heel of his palm to
force pelvic area into the mattress. At the same time he did, in fact, throw the
belt upon her back harder than he had before. Frantically, he also threw his
face into her back and began to devour it with his mouth. Finally, he tossed the
belt aside and used his newly freed hand to ravage his sister in her moment of
crisis, digging his fingers into her skin.

"Who am I, Margot" he demanded.

"JAKE," she gasped, her face rocking against the mattress.

"WHO AM I," he yelled as he slapped her back.

"YOU'RE MY BROTHER... OHHHHHHH MY GOD," she gasped in divine torment.

"WHO AM I!?"

"MY MASTER!" With the words, her body became rigid for a number of seconds. Then
she fell apart: her legs flinging outward upon the bed; her hands pulling the
sheet from the mattress; her mouth emitting an ice-cold air.

Then all was silent. He picked-up the belt and gently stroked her back with it.

"Mmmmm..." she let out as if being pleasantly awoken from a sweet sleep.

Then he hit her with it.

"Oh God... don't start again... NO..." She pulled her knees in again and began
to slide against her brother's thigh. He wrapped his arm around her full stomach
and pulled her into him as he continued to whip her, then he put his mouth on
her back. Immediately, she began to weep and spasm. Seconds later, she collapsed
on the bed, panting.

When she was done, she closed her eyes.




CHAPTER X

"What time is it," she implored as soon as she opened her eyes.

"Six."

"Jesus Christ... I can't believe this!"

She picked up her black, leather purse and began to storm down the short
hallway. He admired the thick streaks of bright pink upon her back.

"What am I going to tell them," she asked desperately as she stood with her hand
on the knob to his back door. "We didn't do anything. We were just playing
around."

"That's right," he said as he dumped a handful of ice cubes into a glass. "We
didn't do anything."

"I mean, you're my brother."

"Yes, that I am." He poured Maker's Mark over the ice.

"It's not like an affair or anything. You can't have an affair with your
brother. Plus, we didn't do anything."

"Yep, that's right," he said as he took a sip, leaned against the counter and
looked at his watch. "So you need to go now. Okay?"

"We were just playing around. Right?"

"Sure. I just thought you'd be an interesting subject to draw. 'Nothing wrong
with that, is there?"

"I mean, it's not like I was unfaithful to my husband or anything. We didn't...
do it. Plus, you're my brother. OH MY GOD... you're my brother!"

"Look, you need to go, Margot. I've got things to do. Plus, you're getting on my
nerves. Let me get you a t-shirt and some sweat pants 'cause you're not going
home wearing that."

"No, no. This is fine. We didn't do anything wrong."

"We've done nothing wrong..."

She exited and he watched her stumble in her broken heels, torn blouse and
ripped pantyhose to her Mercedes in the parking lot. He then lit a cigarette,
took a deep pull and smiled.

"...yet."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sinner


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





