BDSM Library - Family Pain




Family Pain
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ex-Wife revenge on new wife and adult children. Tort, Sad, NC, FF, Lact.
This story is for adults only and is not to be read by minors. The story is
purely fictional. All characters are fictional and are not to be confused with
any real persons. The scenarios are fantasies only and are not to be tried for
real nor condoned.




FAMILY PAINS Part #1: (SM, NC, FFM/FFF, Preg, Tort, Rape, Lact, Mutil)

     Vera smiled as she and her girlfriend Keisha dragged in the last of the
three women out of the panel van. All three had been bound, gagged  and drugged
before they were taken from Vera's ex-husband Frank's house and driven to a
remote house. After Frank had left Vera, Vera had sworn to herself that she
would get revenge on him. At first, she wanted to shoot Frank in the groin. For
four years, Vera had watched Frank and  his new family and saw how much
attention that he got from them. Frank's new wife, Susan, was a beautiful 38
year old with shoulder length blonde hair, a pretty ass and a pair of lovely,
full, pendulous breasts. Susan's face had aged gracefully while the effects of
gravity did little to detract from the looks that other men gave to her as she
walked by. Vera saw just how affectionate Frank was with Susan and also with
Susan's twin blonde daughters Julie and Janice who had both just recently turned
18 years old. 'A little too affectionate with all three', Vera decided. 'The
best way to hurt Frank was to hurt his new family and make them suffer, forever
bearing marks upon their most precious flesh." Vera told herself.

      Frank was still quite a verile man, Vera thought to herself. Over their
twelve year marriage, Frank was always an incredible fuck. He was ready to have
sex; morning, noon and night. He never seemed to run out  of cum. He was always
disappointed that Vera was unable to have any children but this was only the
first of his stated reasons for the end of his marriage. When Vera's interest in
lesbian sex began to surface, at first Frank was delighted but then was
disgusted when Vera took a black lesbian lover. He preferred blondes almost
exclusively. "Irreconcilable differences" was the reason that Frank had on the
divorce. Within a year after Frank had married Susan, Vera found evidence of
some other reasons why Frank demanded a divorce. First, Frank's new wife Susan
became pregnant. Then, only a couple of months later, both Susan's daughters
Janice and Julie also became pregnant as well. No one would say who the father
of the daughters' babies was but Vera has been watching their home when she saw
Frank fondling the breast of one of the twins. "So he likes them young." Vera
whispered to herself. "Well...they will all pay..." The idea of what to do had
already started to form in Vera's mind.

       Susan had a little girl while first Janice, then Julie had baby boys a
couple of months later. Vera watched all three sitting in the back yard, nursing
their little bastards with their lovely breasts. As Vera made her final plans,
she found out that while Frank's new family had been trying to use the natural
retardation of ovulation by continued nursing as a form of birth control, two of
the three had managed to get pregnant again while still nursing their brats.
Vera just didn't know which two yet. "Oh well.....It doesn't really matter now.
They will never bear another brat for Frank after I am done with them." Vera
said to Keisha as they rented the van for the fsnatch.

       Frank was away on a business trip when Vera and her lover Keisha made
their move. That first night at about 2am, they pulled into Frank's driveway
with a rented nondescript panel van before slipping into the house through the
back door. Both Vera and Keisha were dressed in black wearing ski masks and
surgical gloves when they entered Susan's bedroom. Since Vera had lived in the
house for over ten years herself, she knew every room like the back of her hand.
Keisha pressed a rag filled with ether over Susan's face and mouth while Vera
held her down in her own bed. The twins each had their own bedrooms so that it
was easy to subdue them, one at a time, in a similar manner as their assault on
Susan. All three were unconscious when they were carried into the van. They
never even knew who had kidnapped them when the van had stopped several hours
away.

     When the three women regained consciousness, they found themselves bound to
metal frameworks, naked, upright, with their legs spread wide  and their hands
bound behind backs.  Each woman was placed in a semi-circle angled such that
they could see anything that happened to the others with Susan in the center,
Julie on the left and Janice on the right. Centered on Susan was a stove filled
with hot coals and a number of metal instruments already glowing red inside of
the stove. The stove's exhaust pipe was vented outside of the concrete basement
room.  The room  also had a rolling cart with a sheet covering it placed nearby
to the right of Janice. Another rolling cart with a sheet covering it was at the
left of Julie. On the wall was an array of whips, chains, blades and other tools
of torment.

    Vera came into the room wearing a black mask, vest, breeches and a device
over her throat which changed the sound of her voice and disguised it. Keisha
and a male assistant, similiarly dressed, followed Vera into the torture
chamber.

     "Hello, sluts." Vera announced. "The three of you are going to suffer so
deliciously over the next couple of days.....or should I say the five of you."
Vera patted the small bulges on Janice's and Susan's naked bellies as she said
this.

     "Please let us go." Susan pleaded. "We didn't do anything to hurt you. Why
have you done this to us?"

     "You are all sluts, deserving of all of the pain and torture that can be
inflicted upon you. You all fuck and make bastard babies without thinking. I am
going to put that all to an end for all of you."

     "Please, no!!" Julie cried. It so exciting to both Vera and Keisha to see
the milk begin to stream from the erect nipples of all three of their captives.
They had not even been touched yet. Vera had recently started smoking cigars. It
was so chic and provided her with a terrible tool to inflict pain and suffering.
Vera lit a cigar and blew acrid smoke directly in Susan's face. Susan coughed
and choked as the blue smoke surrounded her face. All three of their captors
laughed at Susan's discomfort. Vera saw the sudden look of fear on Susan's face
when Vera briefly took her cigar and held its red glowing end less than an inch
from the tip of Susan's right nipple. Vera smiled and took another puff from her
cigar. Vera knew that her cigars would be getting very up close and personal
with Susan's precious lactating nipples soon enough.

      "What we have here are three haughty blonde sluts. Incidentally, just so
you know who you are talking to. I'm 'B'. That's because I'm the bitch who is
going to make all of you suffer like you have never suffered before. You will be
begging to die long before I'm finished with you three. My ebony friend here is
'K'. That's because she will kill you slowly if you don't do exactly what you
are told. Finally, the tall Hispanic type is 'A'. Your asses are his once 'K'
and I are done with you. Incidentally, he likes to swing both ways and hates
anything other than bare, hot flesh on his hard cock. You just don't know what
'gifts' that he will leave you sluts with, will you?

      Vera walked slowly around her three victims, looking over every inch of
their naked flesh....every curve....every stretch mark.....every
blemish....everything.

     "You know.....I bet that the same horny old bastard knocked every one of
you sluts, didn't he?" 'K' said.

     Suddenly, all three captives started looking at each other as though they
had a secret that they didn't want anyone else to know...that is except Susan.
She looked at her daughters with the question in her eyes that she didn't want
to ask before. Their looks told Susan that 'K's statement was all too true. They
started crying and screaming at each other. The angry cries stopped suddenly
when they saw Vera go to the stove and pull out a branding iron with an 'S" on
the end.

     "What are you going to do with that?" Susan asked with a quiver of fear in
her voice.

     "Since we all know that the three of you are sluts, then you should be
marked as such." Vera said. Vera continued to walk behind the three bound women
until she stopped behind Susan.

     Janice cried out "Momma! She's right behind you!"

     Janice's warning made little difference since there was absolutely nothing
that Susan could do to stop what was about to happen. Vera wanted Susan to feel
the first taste of the iron so that she would know what her daughters would be
feeling soon. Vera lined up the red hot iron on Susan's right ass cheek and
suddenly thrust it against Susan's well rounded ass.

    "AAAAAAARRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!!!" Susan screamed as smoke and the odor
of burning flesh rose from the glowing iron as it burned into her ass cheek.

    Vera handed the now cooled branding iron to 'A' to put back into the glowing
coals of the stove while 'K' pulled a similar red hot branding iron from the
stove, walked behind Janice and branded her on her right ass cheek like her
mother. The screams echoed throughout the room. That iron, too, was returned to
the stove to reheat while the first iron, now red hot again, was used to brand
Julie's right ass cheek as well. The milk streamed from their nipples as much as
the tears from each of the bound women. Their captors, of course, didn't let
that milk go to waste. They each chose a bound woman then fondled, squeezed and
suckled from those lovely, tender milk-swollen breasts and nipples. The twins
had lovely swollen, pendulous breasts with dark red nipples like their mother.
Susan had to have at least D cups, perhaps even DD's while Janice and Julie were
not quite as pendulous but nearly equally as full with long, hard nipples,
surrounded by silver dollar sized aureolas, that sat at the very front of each
of their breasts. Susan's nipples pointed a little downward and were surrounded
by large aureolas that were at least 3 inches in diameter. Vera chose Susan
while 'K' and 'A' each chose one of the twin daughters to suckle from.

     "Ahhhh. Such sweet milk that you have brought us all. Tell me, did you plan
on nursing your babies any more?" sarcastically asked Vera.

     "Please stop. If you will let us go, we won't tell anyone about what
happened. We want to go home to our babies. They need us. Please......" Julie
pleaded.

     "Sure you do....." Vera replied as she pulled one of the 'S' branding irons
out of the red hot coals again and walked towards Julie." The brands on your
asses are great to see you going but now you need for anyone who sees your tits
to know that you are sluts as well." Vera then grasped Julie's left breast and
pressed the glowing "S" against Julie's left breast on her dark red aureola just
above the  protruding milk-squirting nipple. Julie's screams were bloodcurdling
while her mother and twin sister cried for mercy. Soon afterwards, both Susan
and Janice felt the "S" burn into their left aureolas just like  Julie's. The
smell of burned flesh and milk filled the room.

     "That was so much fun, wasn't it?" Vera commented with a sly grin on her
face. "I think that we should leave them here for a little while so that their
breasts can fill back up with milk. These sluts' precious tits should be swollen
with milk for the remainder of the festivities. Don't you agree, 'K'?"

     "Yes, indeed." Keisha replied as she grabbed and squeezed Julie's right
breast. "They will be so swollen and tender by the time that we return." Keisha
then bent downward and licked a dribble of milk from Julie's freshly branded
left breast as Julie cried. The three disguised torturers soon left the room but
not before 'A' opened the front of his breeches, pulled out his hard cock and
rammed its huge head deep into Julie's soaking wet cunt. He proceeded to rape
her until he came, squirting stream after stream of cum deep into Julie's cunt.




FAMILY PAINS Part #2: (SM, NC, FFM/FFF, Preg, Tort, Rape, Lact, Mutil)

Part 2: It seemed forever that Susan and her twin daughters were left there in
the hot, brightly lit room. All three had been bound upright with their hands
behind their hands, their feet bound wide apart and with leather straps looping
under each woman's armpit and tied off above them so that none of the three
captive women could sag downward, either in an attempt to escape torture, or in
the event of fainting. Their arms were not tied above their heads in contrast to
how many captives have been secured. This was done because with a woman's arms
tied above her head, her breasts tend to be stretched tightly against her chest,
making them appear smaller and less natural. Vera wanted her victims to appear
quite natural indeed as they suffered.

The lights were kept on in the torture chamber which, in combination with the
womens' bonds and the pain of their branded asses and breasts, kept the three
women awake the entire time. In any event, they were so nervous that it would
have been difficult to sleep anyway. The light also served another purpose for
Vera. The three captives had not yet noticed the four video cameras hidden
throughout the room. Each of those cameras were there to record every single
part of the captive women so that their torments would be properly recorded for
Vera's later viewing pleasure. Susan lifted her head up after a while. She had
never been in so much pain in her life. She heard moaning and crying coming from
both of her lovely daughters.

Julie lifted up her head and asked, "Why are they doing this to us? We didn't do
anything wrong."

"I don't know, Honey. Maybe it has something to do with Frank but he is on a
business trip over a thousand miles away. I know this for a fact since I called
him at his hotel just a couple of hours before I went to bed last night. They
know so much about us." "He has always been so nice to us." Janice said, having
finally returning to consciousness.

"He wouldn't do anything like that, would he?"

"I just don't know. but it is finally obvious that is not quite as 'nice' as I
thought that he was either." Susan said as she looked with a angry glare at both
Janice and Julie. The twin blondes said nothing in return. Hours passed before
the door to the basement torture chamber opened up again. Vera and her two
assistants finally walked into the room with a pair of buckets and a device with
a hose on it.

"It now time for your cleaning, sluts. Of course we have to do it inside and
out." Vera announced. "We wouldn't want you to befoul the chamber during your
punishment, would we?"

Keisha and 'A' walked behind Janice with a bucket and one of the hose devices.
Julie and Susan could see 'K' connect the hose to a nearby faucet before
returning behind Janice. A quick screech came from Janice as Keisha grabbed
Janice's branded ass cheeks and 'A' rammed the other end of the hose into
Janice's anus. Keisha then turned on the valve at the faucet as Janice's pleas
became even more frantic.

"Please stop!!! It hurts!!!" Janice cried as her bowels filled with nice cold
water. After Keisha was satisfied that Janice's bowels were completely full of
water, Keisha removed the hose while 'A' placed the bucket underneith Janice's
ass. A fetid stream of shit and water sprayed from Janice's rectum into the
waiting bucket. After the last of the foul smelling liquid dripped from Janice's
ass, Keisha took the water hose and sprayed off Janice's entire body, from head
to toe, with a powerful jet of ice cold water. All three captive women cried and
screamed for Keisha to stop but to no avail. Keisha was careful not to spray any
water into the stove that had been heating the metal instruments. She knew that
they would be very important later on and needed to be kept nice and hot. After
Keisha finished with Janice, the same procedure was repeated with Julie. Julie's
cries were like music to the cruel trio standing there. As the buckets were
filled, 'A' took them outside of the basement for disposal.

Finally, Vera herself walked in behind Susan to insert the enema hose deep into
Susan's rectum.

"AAARRRGGGHHH" cried Susan as Vera was particularly rough in handling Susan's
freshly branded right ass cheek during the insertion of the water hose. Vera
also took great pleasure in ensuring that an extra amount of ice cold water was
squirted deep into Susan's bowels. Susan's cramps were readily apparent as the
water flowed inside of her.

Finally, Vera pulled the hose out and allowed Susan to release the fetid streams
of water and shit to pour out of her ass. Then Vera sprayed Susan down with the
ice cold water leaving Susan shivering in spite of the heat from the stove.

The rough handing combined with a lack of suckling and the fear of what was to
come as well served to stimulate additional milk flow from the three captive
women. Vera looked at all three of her captives with a savage smile which
terrified all three. "You three have not been told that we wanted you to let
down any milk. We will have to do something about that breach of obediance." At
that time, 'K' uncovered one of the rolling carts and picked up half a dozen
large metallic devices that closely resembled clothes pins. Then she proceeded
to open them up and place them on each of the captive's nipples.

These were no ordinary clothes pins since the springs on them were far stronger
than an average clothes pin was. First, pins were clamped on both of Janice's
and Julie's nipples before Vera slowly and painfully placed the nipple clamping
pins on the tips of each of Susan's nipples.

"It hurts." was heard over and over from the three captive women after the
clamps on their nipples trapped the milk within their breasts. Keisha and 'A'
made it even worse for the three bound women by fondling their breasts,
especially the sensitive aureola surrounding the clamped nipple tips. This made
the lactating milk glands produce even more milk which was then painfully
trapped within the tender breasts. "I'm sure that I can make your lovely tits
hurt even worse." Vera said as she walked towards the stove. Then Vera pulled
out what appeared to be an ice pick with an extra long and extra thick spike
that was glowing red over four inches of its length. "You know that this little
tool can either be very painful, very damaging or very, very lethal depending on
where it is inserted." Vera said in a sadistically taunting manner. "Who shall
be the first to feel it within their body and where in that body shall this go,
I wonder." Vera looked at each of the bound frightened women, one at a time,
until she finally stopped and stepped in front of Susan.

"I think that this time, you should feel my cruel pleasures first, my dear
lovely slut."

"What are you going to do???" Susan begged. "Please don't hurt me?" Vera grasped
Susan's right breast with one hand while bringing the glowing red ice pick
towards the outer side of Susan's breast. Slowly, Vera started to push the tip
of the fiery metal point deep into the side of Susan's right breast.....right
into the midst of her milk glands.

"AAAAAARRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHH!!!!!!" Susan screamed as she tried to struggle away
from the terrible burning within her breast but every single movement of Susan's
caused the hot metal spike to tear into more of her tender breast tissues. It
seemed like it was eternity of agony to Susan before the cruel instrument was
removed from within her precious breast. When Vera pulled the pick out, Susan
could see bits of burned flesh sticking to the blackened metal. No blood came
out from the small wound because the heat had cauterized the tissue within.

"You Bitch!!!!!" Susan screamed at Vera. Susan then spit at Vera, hitting her in
the face.

Vera just smiled and slapped Susan hard accross her face before grabbing and
squeezing the breast that Vera had just impaled with the heated spike. Susan's
eyes rolled as she screamed in agony.

"Well, slut. You haven't seen anything yet." Vera calmly remarked. Vera motioned
to Keisha to pull another heated spike out of the fire and bring it towards
Janice's right breast. Then Keisha plunged the glowing metal point of the spike
over three inches into the fullest part of Susan's lovely daughter's breast. Now
that Susan had felt the agony of the spike within her own breast, the horror of
what her daughter was enduring was even more terrible.

"Please stop!!! I beg you. Please don't hurt my babies any more. I'll do
anything for you. I swear!!!" Susan pleaded. Susan's words could barely be heard
about her own daughter's screams of agony as Keisha worked the hot metal within
the tender insides of Janice's milk glands, cooking and tearing them from
within.

"Silence, slut!" Vera replied. " You are going to lose at least one of your
'babies' before we are done. Which one or ones that you will lose...well....you
will have something to do with the choice. I thought that I should let you
know."

The horror of the moment had truly hit Susan when this disguised woman told her
that Susan was going to watch one or more of her children die before her very
own eyes. What could Susan do to prevent this? The look in the eyes of the three
women's captors said that there was nothing at all that the three bound, naked
women could do to prevent their fate.

Before long, Susan and her haughty daughters would know this to be all too true.
Keisha looked over at Julie over on the left as the ebony sadist was removed the
now cooled spike from Janice's breast. While Janice had passed from the pain,
Julie was still quite conscious although she was quivering with fear.

"I think that the little slut over here feels a bit neglected. 'A'. Do you feel
like having a smoke?" Keisha asked.

"Sure." the hispanic man replied. "Do you think that she needs a taste of
cigarette on her nipples too?"

"Yes...I certainly do." Keisha replied with a laugh that sent chills down the
spines of all three of the bound women.

'A' then picked up a pack of thin brown cigarettes and lit one, taking a deep
drag as he removed the clip from Julie's right nipple. milk began to squirt out
immediately as though it was under pressure. 'A' quickly wrapped his lips around
Julie's tender nipple, sucking her milk greedily while bring his cigarette
closer and closer. He suddenly stopped sucking, centered the glowing red ember
of the cigarette on the center of Julie's nipple tip.

Then he slowly, but firmly, pressed the burning end of the cigarette into her
nipple. She uttered a bloodcurdling scream as her tender nipple burned. The
bloodflow that had recently returned to the nipple after the clip had been
removed added to the sensitivity of the tender erection as well, increasing
Julie's pain.

"Please stop!!! Please make it stop!!! My nipple!!!!" Julie screamed and pleaded
as 'A' continued to repeatedly burn her nipple with his thin cigarette. First a
blister flowed and was popped with the continued applications of the cigarette.
One cigarette was lit and relit, over and over, before being crushed out on
Julie's nipple. Then 'A' would lit another cigarette and resume the process.
Gradually a hole was being burned into the very tip of Julie's nipple, hollowing
it out from the tip and going inward towards her lactating breast. After the
third cigarette, Julie looked in horror as the red glowing end of the cigarette
began to disappear into the end of her still erect nipple...in and out...in and
out, like a little cock fucking her nipple itself. As the cigarette was
withdrawn, milk would still dribble out of the hole in the end of her nipple but
as the cigarette burned deeper and deeper into the end of her nipple, the
milkflow was slowly diminishing. Julie's mother and sister as pleaded for the
torment to stop but 'A' was having far too much fun. By the fourth cigarette,
'A' had already pulled out his cock and was fucking Julie at the same time that
he was burning the inside of her nipple.

"Man....I have never had as great a fuck as this." 'A' was saying as he fucked
and tortured Julie. " Her cunt just keeps grabbing a hold of my cock everytime
that my cigarette burns her nipple. I love it!!!!"

Julie could see that 'A' was literally ruining her nipple before her very eyes.
His cigarette was entering at least three-quarters of the length of her nipple
when 'A' finally came inside of her, filling her cunt with huge amounts of cum.
Much of the erectile tissue must have been burned away from within Julie's right
nipple since it was no longer nearly as erect as it had been. Tears streamed
down from Julie's face from both the pain and the realization that so much
damage had been done to her ability to nurse from her right breast. Little, if
any, milk came from the remains of her right nipple.

"Wasn't that lovely?" Vera commented. She had been masturbating the entire time
she was watching 'A' burn and fuck Julie. She came so many times that she lost
count..... Keisha had soon followed suit and was moaning from all of the orgasms
that she too had. Vera then got up, walked up to Susan and said, "....And we
have so much more fun to have with you three sluts before we are completely
satsified....."




Part 3

	Vera had lit a large cigar and blew its acrid smoke into Susan's face. Susan
coughed as she inhaled the noxious smoke. Vera then lifted up Susan's right
breast and removed the clip from Susan's right nipple. Then Vera sucked a little
of the milk that immediately squirted from it before taking another puff from
the cigar and lining the cigar's glowing red tip with the center of Susan's
erect right nipple.

	'Time to hit the bullseye.' Vera said as she moved the cigar towards Susan's
right nipple.

	Susan's pleas grew louder and louder until the sizzle of burning nipple was
heard. Then only screams came from Susan's mouth. 'AAAGGGHHH!!! MY NIPPLE!!!'
Susan screamed as Vera repeatedly puffed on her cigar and burned Susan's
precious right nipple. After the first four or five applications of the cigar,
Susan's nipple was blistered and darkened including the aureola surrounding the
nipple's bud out to the diameter of the large cigar.

	'Isn't the taste and aroma of a real Cuban cigar wonderful?' Vera commented as
Susan cried endlessly and tried to sag downward. The straps under her armpits
continued to hold Susan upright in spite of her efforts. Through her pain, Susan
started to notice some movement in her lower abdomen. Her unborn baby was
starting to move around inside of her. This both excited and frightened Susan as
she wondered about the fate of her unborn child. Urine poured out of Susan's
bladder but Vera was quite careful to ensure that not of Susan's piss would land
on Vera's legs.

	''A'. Please bring me a chair to sit on. I have an idea.' Vera said to the tall
Hispanic man standing nearby.

	When 'A' brought Vera the chair, she put it right in front of Susan's burned
right nipple and sat down in the chair. The chair was tall enough that Susan's
breasts were just about at the level of Vera's face. Vera's mouth was perfectly
even with Susan's nipples, in fact. Then Vera put her cigar back in her mouth,
grasped Susan's right breast firmly with both hands, and began puffing rapidly
on the cigar as she leaned towards Susan's right nipple. The end of the cigar
was glowing bright red when it made contact with the tip of Susan's abused
nipple. Bloodcurdling screams came from Susan while her daughters pleaded and
begged for their mother to be spared further pain.

	Vera continued to puff on her cigar as it burned Susan's nipple terribly. Susan
was horrified when she saw brief glances at her burned right nipple. It was
rapidly becoming shorter and shorter as the end of Susan's breast directly in
contact with Vera's cigar charred into blackness.

	Within a few minutes, Susan saw no erection at all on the end of her abused
breast. But Vera was not finished with her cigar, which had only a couple of
inches left on it. Vera got up, walked around behind Susan while motioning to
'K' to join her. Susan felt her ass cheeks being spread before a fiery pain
erupted on her anus. Vera had crushed out her cigar directly on Susan's anus,
pushing the remains in past Susan's spincter muscle. When Vera came back into
sight, Susan thought that Vera had finished with her cigars. Susan found out to
her horror that Vera had not finished at all when Vera sat down in front of
Susan with another large lit cigar.

	Again Vera grabbed Susan's abused right breast and pressed her lit cigar
against the end of the breast while puffing merrily away. The screams echoed
throughout the room from all three bound women while Vera's cigar burned its way
into Susan's breast. 'K' and 'A' stood laughing at Susan's agony. 'A' had a huge
hard-on from watching the fear and agony of the captive family.

	Finally Vera pulled the cigar away from Susan's right breast. Then Vera roughly
grabbed the badly abused breast for Susan to see. 'Oh ... No!!!' Susan cried as
she witnessed what had been done to her once lovely breast.

	Vera had burned a large hole at least half an inch deep into the end of Susan's
right breast. All that remained there to indicate that a nipple used to be there
was a circle of red aureola surrounding the blackened hole in Susan's breast.

	'I don't think that you have to worry about wearing nursing pads in the right
cup of your bra anymore, Susan. What do you think 'K'?' Vera snidely commented
while looking directly at Susan's forlorn face.

	'No... I think that you took 'good care' of that tit... real good care.' 'K'
replied with a chuckle.

	Keisha walked first over to Janice and reached inside of Janice's labia.
Keisha's fingers were wet with cum when she pulled them out of Janice's cunt.
'Look here, 'B'. It looks like all of this 'fun' has turned on this girl here.'
Keisha said as she then placed her hand over Janice's slighty swollen belly.
'Her little brat is even excited too. He is kicking up a storm inside of here.'

	Vera reached inside Susan's cunt as well to see what some reaction the
intensive 'stimulation' of Susan's nipple had on her cunt. Of course, Vera was
soaking wet with cum already. She loved to hear Susan's screams. When Vera
pulled her fingers out of Susan's cunt, they too were soaking wet with cum
juice. 'This slut is soaking wet too.' Vera replied. 'We need to so something
about all of these slut's cunt hair. It gets so much in the way of our viewing.'

	'They react very well when they are burned, don't they?' 'A' said as he played
with Julie's clit after spreading wide open her labia. His hard-on was so
evident as he looked with a vicious stare at Janice's cunt. 'I've never gotten
to fuck pussy that has just had the hair burned off.'

	'Today will be your lucky day then.' Vera said as she and Keisha each lit
candles and brought them toward the two daughters' cunts. The bright yellow
candle flames licked all over the screaming blonde sluts' blonde cunt hair as it
flared into flame, smoked and shriveled into black ash. Keisha and Vera took
great care to open Janice and Julie's labia so that the candle flame could reach
and burn away every single bit of the sisters' pubic hair. Just as soon as
Keisha finished burning off the last of Janice's cunt hair, 'A' spread Janice's
labia and plunged his huge cock dep into her wet cunt.

	'No!!! Please stop!!! My baby!!!' Janice kept crying as 'A' continued to rape
her.

	Vera walked up to Janice as 'A' continued fucking the young pregnant blonde.
Vera stepped up close to Janice's left ear and started to speak to her victim in
a slow quiet voice that was almost a whisper.

	'I bet that you wouldn't want anyone to ever see that 'S' branded on your
breast... the mark that tells everyone that sees your breast that you are such a
slut, do you?' Vera asked Janice.

	'No... I don't want anyone to ever see that...' Janice replied while sobbing
from the pain and humiliation of the torture and the rape.

	'Would you like for me to ensure that no one will ever see that mark on your
breast ever again?' Vera asked in a cool, calm, even soothingly quiet tone.

	'Would you please... ?' Janice pleaded 'Of course...' Vera replied.

	Janice's look of relief soon changed to one of horror as she saw Vera walk over
to the stove and pull out a large, glowing red hot blade before returning to
Janice's left side. 'A' saw the blade too and started to pull his cock out of
Janice's abused cunt.

	'No. Put it back in and continue fucking her. Just lean a little to one side so
that I will have plenty of room to honor Janice's request.' Vera instructed 'A'.

	Vera then reached over and removed the clip from Janice's left nipple. Milk
quickly squirted out briefly until Vera grabbed the nipple tightly and started
to pull it away from Janice's chest.

	As Vera pulled and lifted Janice's left nipple, Janice screamed in pain as the
recent brand on her left aureola was also being pulled and stretched. Vera
looked at the knife and saw that it had cooled down some so she motioned for
Keisha to come over.

	Vera handed Keisha the knife and whispered to her. 'Bring me another knife from
the stove only much hotter.'

	Keisha smiled and quickly retrieved another knife with its large, razor sharp
blade glowing red hot. Vera then took the knife and then said to Janice. 'Ask
and you shall receive...' just before placing the glowing knife's blade against
Janice's breast. Slowly Vera began to slice deep into Janice's large milk-filled
breast just above the brand on her left aureola. The few contents of Janice's
bowels erupted out as the blade continued its slow journey into her precious
breast.

	Susan and Julie cried and screamed 'Please stop!!! No!!!...' even as the blade
neared a point directly behind the center of Janice's nipple. More and more of
the milk ducts of Janice's left breast were severed as it became very apparent
that Vera was going to amputate Janice's entire left nipple along with all of
the surrounding aureola... and much of the breast itself. Vera smiled as she
continued to cut into Janice's breast. Twice already, smelling salts had to be
used to revive Janice before Vera continued. Vera wanted Janice to experience
the entire process. Keisha replaced the knife with a newly heated blade while
Vera taunted Janice.

	'Well, slut. When I am done, you will no longer have an 'S' branded on your
left tit... just like I promised. Of course, I never said anything about not
taking away a good portion of your breast along with the brand. Hahahahahah!!!'

	Finally, Vera cut through the last of Janice's tit flesh and lifted up the
entire end of Janice's left breast. At the same time, 'A' came, spurting stream
after stream of sperm into Janice's already pregnant belly.

	'Oh, Man!!! You girls sure know how to make a man feel good!!! I never knew how
good it was to fuck a girl while her tits were being fucked up. Wow, Man!!! I
sure hope that I get to do some more... ' 'A' exclaimed as he pulled his now
flaccid cock out of Janice's raw cunt.

	Vera took a hot poker and cauterized the few places that still bled on the end
of Janice's ruined left breast. Vera noted with satisfaction, as she washed off
the amputated end of Janice's left breast before putting it in a large
alcohol-filled jar, that she had cut off at least a third of that formerly
lovely breast. The twin blondes no longer looked quite so identical... Julie
with her hollowed out right nipple... Janice with her utterly mutilated,
nippleless left breast. It was a glorious sight in Vera's eyes. Susan, on the
other hand, looked at the horrors that had been inflicted on her family and
could do nothing but sob helplessly. She felt her baby continue to kick and move
within her womb. Even that did not bring Susan any happiness at all as her
family's captors left them alone in their pain for a short while. Each of the
captives had already had a breast ruined... never again to nurse a baby. Susan
cried while wondering what else these terrible people had planned for her and
her daughters...

	Susan's captors came back after perhaps an hour or two. 'A' almost immediately
went up to Julie and grabbed at her damaged right breast while the two women sat
nearby, kissing and fondling each other in a blatant display of lesbian lust.
They came repeatedly as they took turns licking each others' clits and nipples
after using their fingers to further arouse their erect nipples.

	The black woman saw the angry look of disgust that Susan had on her face as she
watched the interracial, lesbian affair continue.

	'What are you looking at, Bitch?' Keisha asked in a harsh tone.

	Vera just smiled as she saw Keisha walk up to Susan with that 'in your face'
strut in Keisha's stride. Vera could tell that Keisha was going to make Susan
suffer even more... which was just fine with Vera.

	'You still think that you are too good... you haughty white bitch, don't you?
You don't like it when some sister is having a good time with another white
woman... well, you don't have a damn thing to be proud of. I'm going to make
sure of that!!!' Keisha said.

	Right then, Keisha went to the stove and pulled out one the large sharp knives
that had been used to amputate Janice's left nipple. Then Keisha walked up to
Susan's left side, grabbed Susan's milk-swollen left breast and quickly sliced
it completely away.

	'NOOO!!! NOOO!!! NOOO!!!' Susan and her daughters cried out at Susan's sudden
mutilation. 'A' took another hot poker and cauterized the bleeding from Susan's
suddenly flattened left side of her chest. Susan would never again wear a bikini
because no swimsuit would ever be able to cover the gruesome wound where her
left breast used to be.

	'I got my souvenir now, bitch! There ain't nothing left for you to be proud of
now, slut!' Keisha said as she put Susan's amputated left breast into another
large glass jar. Vera applauded although she had hoped to be able to make Susan
suffer through her left breast somewhat longer before destroying it.

	'What shall we do now? I wonder what Susan is willing to give up for her lovely
daughters' lives... or for that matter what are the twins willing to give up for
dear Mom?... '




Part 4

	'Let's see... Mommy here has a little brat still inside of her but only one
nippleless tit. The blonde on the left... I think that your name is Janice...
has also got a little brat growning inside of her but still has a milk-squirting
tit to nurse with at this point. Her twin on the right... your name is Julie, I
believe... isn't pregnant but also has a tit ready to nurse a baby as well as a
fertile little cunt. I wonder who is going to give what for whom here? Everyone
here still has something to lose... perhaps several somethings to lose. I know
that I am not finished with any of you sluts yet... What shall we do next? I do
know that all of you have been having far too much fun and arousal so far during
the entertainment. Maybe we shall do something about that now... ' Vera said as
she sat back and observed, along with her assistants, the three blonde sluts
bound in front of her.

	'Please don't hurt my babies!' Susan pleaded

	'I have already told you that you, personally, will certainly lose at least one
of your children here. The only question now is which one.' Vera calmly replied
with a cold, cruel look on her face.

	Both Janice and Julie looked with horror at their mother, wondering which one
that she would choose.

	'How cruel can you possibly be? You are asking me which one of my children what
you want for me to see die in front of me. No woman should ever be faced with
that decision. I can't choose for one of my babies to die.' Susan replied.

	'We shall see what we can do convince you to make a decision, one way or
another.' Vera told Susan as she picked up and lit another candle. Vera cocked
her head to the side a little as she looked down at Susan's cunt.

	'You know... We forgot about all of that fur around 'Mommy's' cunt. I think
that we need to burn that away too, don't you 'K'?' Vera asked.

	'Sure thing... Do you mind if I use one of the other candles to do some more
tit burning on one of the twin sluts here? I want to see if I can make one of
these nipples match mine in color.' Keisha replied.

	'Excellent idea... Just don't mess up any more of their brands just yet.'

	'I know exactly which tit to work on first..' Keisha said as she lit up the
other candle.

	Vera had already lowered her candle in between Susan's thighs until the flame
started to burn away Susan's pubic hair. The smell of burned hair once again
filled the room along with Susan's screams of pain. Within a few seconds, Janice
too began to scream as Keisha took her candle and positioned it so that its
bright yellow flame enveloped Janice's remaining nipple after the
milk-restraining clip had been removed. The fresh blood flow into Janice's
nipple made the nipple's sensitivity and her agony even greater 'AAARRRGGGHHH!!!
Please!!! Stop!!!' Susan and Janice cried as the candles' flames caressed their
tender flesh. Vera didn't stop with burning away Susan's cunt hair. Vera then
opened up Susan's labia so that her candle could then start to burn Susan's
sensitive, erect clit. Incredible screams of pain, louder than ever before
erupted from Susan as her tender sex organ blistered and shriveled in the
candle's flame.

	Janice was doing little better under Keisha's tender mercies. Already, Janice's
breast had only been putting out a fraction of the milk production as it had
been prior to the penetration of the red hot spike into the midst of her milk
glands. Now, Janice was horrified to see her single remaining nipple first
blistering before starting to turn darker and shorter from the constant
application of Keisha's candle flame. Periodically, Keisha would pull the candle
away to suck some of the milk from Janice's pain filled nipple before returning
the candle flame to the blonde's nipple. Keisha made all kinds of slurping
sounds as she hungrily suckled, tugged and bit on Janice's abused nipple.
Everyone in the room could tell just how much fun Keisha was having. Even Janice
was finding herself getting wet again down in her cunt while all of this was
happening. It was difficult for her to admit to the erotic sensations flowing
through her body in the midst of the terrible pain that Janice was also
experiencing.

	'I never knew how pretty it looks to see a pretty white woman's nipple when a
candle's bright yellow flame is curled all around it. First, the nipple is all
red... then it starts to change color and shape... brown and rough... It's even
getting some black on it... I love this!' Keisha was saying as she continued to
burn Janice's precious nipple between sucklings. Janice's screams soon
overwhelmed even Susan's as Vera removed the candle from Susan's cunt. The once
erect and sensitive clit was now nothing more than a charred spot between
equally charred inner labia, never again to bring Susan any sexual pleasure.

	''A'. You haven't had a chance to fuck this one yet. Do you want to see what it
is like to fuck a bitch with no clit?' Vera asked with a chuckle.

	'Sure... I am always anxious to fuck any well tortured slut.' 'A' eagerly
replied as his hard cock approached Susan's tortured cunt. A few seconds later,
'A' rammed his large, hard cock into Susan as she screamed in pain once again.

	Keisha continued to burn Janice's nipple with the candle's flame. By this time,
Janice could see that the small squirts of milk that had issued from her nipple
when the clip had been removed had stopped completely now. Her formerly lovely
nipple, the object of desire of many young men, was now little more than a
blackened, charred nub. Much of Janice's surrounding aureola had also suffered
greatly under the heat of the candle. The innermost parts of Janice's tender
aureola were also charred black while the outer edges were badly blistered and
burned. Yet Keisha continued to let the candle's flame caress the end of
Janice's right breast while Janice screamed and begged for mercy... for the pain
and destruction to stop. 'Slut. I ain't gonna stop until I'm satisfied with the
color and shape of your entire teat. So shut up about wanting to nurse your
babies because you won't be able to. I also want to make sure that no brother
wants to fuck you either. You ain't gonna want to tempt any of them into
'crossing over' for some white slut like you.' Keisha said with an edge in her
voice as she squeezed Janice's painfilled breast with her left hand to steady it
for the candle being held in her right hand.

	'A' was enjoying himself quite well, fucking Susan while she screamed in pain
at every thrust of his hips. Occasionally, 'A' would slap Susan's remaining
breast as he raped her, causing even more cries. She could feel his cock bumpin
against the opening of her cervix periodically. Everytime that it made contact
with Susan's cervix, her fetus was begin to kick inside of her. Susan was so
afraid that his brutal rape would cause her to have a miscarriage.
'AAARRRGGGHHH!!! Please stop!!! You're going to make me lose my baby!!!' Susan
screamed.

	'That's just your tough luck, Bitch! Shut up... Slut! You haven't pleased me
yet. Am I going to have to get really rough!!!' 'A' replied between grunts and
thrusts.

	While Susan's brutal rape continued, Keisha pulled away her candle to see its
impact of Janice's right breast. Smoke issued from the blackened end of Janice's
brutalized right breast. Now it was completely blackened and charred on the end
with no hint at all that a nipple even existed there. Terrible red cracks showed
through the charred tit flesh when Keisha had squeezed Janice's tit. Janice's
agony was made even worse from the milk that was still being produced by her
damaged milk glands. It was rapidly building up within the damaged tissues of
her breast with no place to go.

	'Now that looks much better than that little pink and red nipple that used to
be there!' Keisha commented upon stepping back and inspecting the ruined end of
Janice's breast.

	A terrific howl echoed through the room as 'A' finally shot his load of cum
deep into Susan ripe cunt. Keisha and Vera both laughed at the animalistic
sounds that 'A' was making.

	'I guess that the slut finally was able to please you, huh?' Vera asked.

	'Yea... It took a lot longer to get what I wanted from her than from her sweet
daugthers. You know what I would like?' 'A' asked Vera.

	'No... but I imagine that I will like it.' she replied with a huge smile on her
face.

	'I would love to be the very last person to ever fuck these twin sluts... maybe
even the last one to fuck their slutty mom as well.'

	'I do believe that we can arrange that... I do believe that we can... ' Vera
replied. She already had planned to torture their cunts so badly that they would
never feel a cock in them ever again so it would be very easy to satisfy what
'A' wanted.

	Vera looked at Julie's branded left breast with an expression that brought
shivers of fear down Julie's spine. She was the only one left who could
potentially nurse a baby now that her mother and twin sister each had both of
their breasts ruined. Her left breast was so lovely and full. It dangled so
nicely even though it was swollen from all of the milk that was trapped inside
of it by the clip that was still attached to her left nipple. Julie's right
breast hurt so badly from the brutal burning and hollowing out of her nipple
earlier as well as the milk that was also trapped within. All of the fear and
stimulation had induced Julie's body to produce even more milk as well as making
her cunt dripping wet.

	'Only one decent tit left now among the three of you. That's a shame, isn't
it?' Vera asked as she closely looked over all three captive women.

	'You bitch!!!' Susan cried. 'You did this all. We all were nursing our babies
before last night. We were giving them the perfect food... the mother's breast
milk that our babies needed. Now look what you have done. Julie is the only one
who can nurse a her baby now.'

	'... and you want to her to be able to continue to nurse her baby, don't you?
Slut!!!' Vera interrupted. 'What price are you willing to pay for little Janice
to keep her single, solitary tit intact? Huh?' Are you willing to give up her
twin sister's life so that Janice's little brat can still suck on a slut's tit?'

	'NOOO!!!' Susan cried.

	'What are you willing to give up? Slut!' Vera demanded. Vera then looked at
Janice and asked, 'Are you willing to give up something of value so that your
twin slut of a sister can still have her tit for her brat to suck milk from?'

	'What do you want from me?' Janice replied through her sobs...

	'I want your cunt and ass. No one else is to enjoy them after I am done with
them.'

	'What about the child that I am carrying?' Janice asked.

	'What about it?' Vera retorted

	'It is an innocent life. You won't hurt it, will you?'

	'It is just a clump of dirty cells inside of your belly. You are putting far
too much sentimental value to them.' Vera replied with a snort of disgust. Then
Vera looked at 'A' and instructed him to bring a red hot poker from the stove.
Then Vera took the poker, walked behind Julie and had Keisha spread open Julie's
ass cheeks before Vera thrust the glowing red poker into Julie's rectum.

	'AAARRRGGGHHH!!!' Julie screamed as she felt the poker going past her sphincter
muscle and into her colon. She writhed in her bonds but it only succeeded in
causing more of her bowels to be cooked by the fiery intruder. After nearly a
minute, Vera withdrew the poker. Janice could see burned flesh sticking to the
blackened metal of the poker after it had been pulled out of Julie's limp form.

	'You've killed her!!' Janice screamed until Keisha placed smelling salts under
Julie's nostrils to revive her. She moaned and cried because of the incredable
pain in her ass.

	'Oh... your sweet slut of a sister is still very much alive. Of course, she
will be needing to visit a doctor soon so that they can attach a shit bag to her
side to bypass her burnt asshole. Let's see how 'Mom' likes it now.' Vera
commented with a chuckle.

	Another red hot poker was pulled from the stove and the procedure was repeated
with 'A' spreading Susan's ass cheeks for the entry of the poker. Susan screamed
even more loudly as her rectum was being burned out. When the poker was
withdrawn, Susan's asshole remained open... A black rimmed 'O' between her ass
cheeks just like Julie's had been.

	'You should have been willing to give up something for your sister. Now you
will have far fewer options. It's your turn now.' Vera told Janice.

	'A' revived Susan with the smelling salts just in time to watch Keisha thrust
the red hot poker deep into Janice's rectum. Janice could feel the intense pain
in her bowels. Some of the heat must have been felt even in her womb because she
could feel her fetus kicking inside of her as she writhed in agony herself.

	Just as the poker was being withdrawn from Janice's ass, she was quickly
revived to see 'A' approaching Julie with another heated knife. 'A' swiftly bent
down, opened Julie's outer labia and amputated Julie's entire clit.

	'NOOO!!!' Julie screamed with the sudden amputation of her sexual organ.

	'I felt that the slut didn't need to enjoy getting fucked so much nor did she
need something to keep her fingers occupied when she wasn't getting any... '
Vera commented while standing only a couple of feet away from Janice's face.

	Vera then took a step back, faced both Janice and Susan and asked, 'What are
you willing to give to save this slut's tit now... while you have something left
of value to me?' 'Do whatever you want to me... just don't destroy my baby's
breast.' Susan quietly said between her sobs of pain and despair.

	'There is only one thing that you have left to give to me now...' Vera replied
as she went to the stove again and pulled out a newly reheated and now red hot
poker.

	'What are you going to do to my mother?' Janice screamed.

	'You'll see... ' Keisha replied. She had already figured out what Vera was
going to do with the poker, even as Vera walked in front of Susan and opened up
her burned labia in preparation.

	'Kiss Mommie's little brat goodbye... ' Vera said she placed the tip of the
glowing metal rod into the entrance of Susan's cunt... and began to push...

	Bloodcurdling screams came from Susan as the red hot poker started to disappear
into her birth canal. Between Susan's screams, the sizzling of her flesh and the
laughter of Vera's companions as well as the pleas of the twins for mercy could
be heard. Within a few seconds, the hot tip of the poker has reached the opening
of Susan's cervix. Susan's thrashing made the iron bounce within her, burning
and tearing even more of her birth canal in a vain effort to rid herself of this
terrible intruder. A couple of seconds after the poker had began to press
against Susan's cervix, it burned its way intro her womb itself, turning the
amniotic fluid into live steam and scalding everything within. Susan could feel
her entire womanhood being destroyed along with the destruction of the fetus
within her even as her abdomen distended from the expanding steam. Vera
continued to push the poker even deeper until Susan's ovaries too began to feel
the heat and slowly cook from it. Clouds of steam and smoke filled with the
aroma of burned flesh issued from Susan's impaled cunt. Vera then withdrew the
iron from Susan's ruined cunt. Vera wanted Susan to feel such terrible agony but
not to do so much damage to make it immediately fatal for Susan or her
daughters. Vera wanted them to live for years to come with the pain, scars and
memories of their torments.

	Susan had passed out before Vera had finished with the iron so Keisha revived
Susan with more smelling salts after the poker had been withdrawn. All of the
captives already would need extensive medical attention but not before Vera had
finished with everything that she had planned.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





