BDSM Library - Within 6 Months




Within 6 Months
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: young secretary is subjected at her company.
within 6 months - the story of the subjection of Helena


Authors WARNING: If you are not of legal age or the viewing of adult erotic
material is illegal in your area, read no further.The following story is for
adults only. It is kind of strong for it includes non-consensual sex, bondage.
If this disgusts You, read no further! It can be copied and distributed upon
request to ori.miike@gmx.net. If you archive it please let me have access to the
archive. Email me if you have comments, any criticism, want to send me some of
Your stuff or anything other.
copyright by Ori Miike




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
'within 6 months' by Ori Miike

When I first noticed her on the company-area, she sticked out of the four girls
of them walking to the canteen. It was partly her beauty, but probably even more
something absolutely submissive. I'm no expert in such things - no one is. But
by some things, You notice it without beeing an expert - only by recognizing
details others don't care about. In her walks and in her general behavior, I saw
these details. Head bowed, shy looks, when walking in a group, always behind -
she was constantly led arround by others. I was wondering - after I had seen her
five or six times more - now that I was conscious about her presence - whether
she always put up that kind of behaviour. I was curious.

It took some weeks. But one day I got her. She was eating alone, like me and I
straight went to her table and asked I she minded me joining her. She didn't.
She didn't minded to talk either, as I adressed her and began to speak. We
talked nicely and made a date for the following day to meet for dinner.

Her name was Helena. 27 years old she was - slightly less than seven feet tall,
blonde, maybe handfilling boobs and nice legs and ass. Not perfect, but almost.
And she was crisp, ready to breed - honestly!

Next day we entertained ourselves really good and I asked her for friday night,
since she had no boyfriend or husband. She really liked to and we split. I would
pick her up on friday.

On friday, we went to a stylish club called 'Flokati' and talked for hours - and
also drank for hours. That's when I - at some part of the conversation switched
to the topic of her submissive behavior.

And that's how I learned about her story: what had happended within her last six
months...

*****************************************************************************

Two years ago, she had started at the company as a secretary. Her boss was Mr.
Brown - I'll give these names like Paul Auster did it before; no one will care
about the real names and my girl does, as she's still in the game, You will hear
about. He was a understanding, always nice and charming, though business-minded
person. Her work was demanding, but not too demanding at first.

Everything went fine for the next year. Her superiors were satified with her
work, that she handeled well.

Sometime a year, after her job in that company had started, things took off. She
got more responsibilities and more money. To herself she admitted it, but not to
others: it was too much for her. She began to loose control over the things, she
was responsible for and mistakes happened. Few at first, but then more. One
thing - a unsatisfied big customer, whose complaints were adressed to here over
the period of three months into her second year in the company, she forgot to
tell her superiors - her direct one, Mr. Brown, beeing the most important. After
three months of complaining about delivery-problems unsolved, the angry customer
adressed his problem directly to the Head of the company Mr. White, who was so
enraged, he ordered Mr. Brown for an interview about the responsible person,
that beeing our poor girl.

Mr. Brown was to fire her, but - after a long talk, where he praised the former
great work of his secretary - convinced Mr. White to give his girl one more
chance.

She was so grateful, when she heard, what he had done for her and promised to do
her very best from now on. And she did! For the next three month everything went
fine and everyone was in good mood again. But it prooved fatal, that she was
still in that position. Once again she forgot a very important issue about that
formerly angry customer. The customer was so angry, that he was treathening Mr.
White directly to quit every business-contact for the future! She was in big
trouble and Mr. Brown called Helena and informed her about the fact, that Mr.
White would probably be demanding him to fire her now. And that was, when his
nasty character showed:

"But if You will do me a little personal favour, I'll do my best to convince him
one more time, to keep You. Do You want me to do that?"

Of course she wanted - the situation on the market for secretaries was awfull at
that time. She would no doubt end up unemployed for some time, if she lost this
job. As she had nearly no money saved, she had to keep this job! So she agreed
and asked, what favour he wanted from her.

"Ok, Helena. So step to the desk, pull down Your pants and Your slip and lie
Your upper body on the desk. Otherwise I won't be able to do anything for You"
he told her frankly, as she stood - her face redening with anger - in front of
his desk.

"You bastard! I won't play Your fucked-up play" she adressed him.

So he walked arround his desk, took her by her shoulders and slowly started
guiding her to the door.

"So this is it, Helena. Pack up Your desk. You're probably fired by tomorrow.
Bye-bye."

Desperate she pleaded: "Oh please no! You can't do that. Please!"

"Yes I can do that, little girl. You are going to have to learn this the hard
way, I guess" pushing her to the door. He opened it, pushing her out, when she
turned round.

"Ok. I'll do it! What alternative do I have? None!"

He stopped and smiled:

"So You go in there right now, and do as I told You."

She did - slowly.

"Hurry up! I don't have all day for this. Our boss will call any minute. By then
You must have convinced me - don't forget this!"

And there she stood. Upper body lying on Mr. Brown's desk, pant and slip arround
her ankles. Mr. Brown was enthusiastic. He pulled out his member and fucked her
furiously. She had bruises all over the front of her hip for the next four
weeks, from beeing run against the desk so mercilessly for half an hour. When he
shot his load into her sore pussy and finally withdrew, she collapsed on the
desk, panting. Her shaking legs hung down and her sweat had rendered the desk
wet. She was crying silently, tears streaming down her cheeks. Her haircut had
vanished into a jungle.

"Best take the rest of the day off, my girl" he told her satisfied. "And I'll
see, what I can do for You."

Trembeling, she pulled up her pants, the semen streaming down the inner sides of
her legs, wetening the inside of her pants' legs. Wiping her face with the back
of her hand, she strolled out his office without a word.

********************************************************************************

"The next day, I didn't even wanted to go to work" she told me. "That asshole!
But I had to. Why else did I let him fuck me on the day before! When I got to
work, he had left a message, I should immediately come to his office. As I
entered he smiled at me and told me:

'Ms Helena. The meeting with our all boss yesterday was awfull, but I convinced
him in the end to give You one more chance. I You don't let anything similar
happen within the next six months, everything is ok again. But be careful: the
smallest incident happens and You're out. I can't do anything for You then. He
told me to take a sharp look at every action of Yours and report eventual
misbehavior or anything else directly to him. The outcome of this possible
event, You can imagine. So You better follow my instructions. That's all for
today. Better get to work no, young girl!'

I flinched. That fuck! Now he had me, where he probably wanted me to.

As I was about to leave his office, he once again adressed his speech to me:

'Oh! I forgot to mention something. I guess, You owe me a favour. So I'll just
say: be here every monday morning at eight o'clock for our weekly appointement,
that we are going to have from now at said time and day. Better don't miss
this!' he told me in a threatening voice.

Partely relieved, I left the office. 'Not too bad in the end' what I thought.
But I'd get to know soon, it would'nt be that easy. Every monday for the next
four weeks would be the same - I hated it!

On the first of these 'meetings' one week later, I was still unsuspecting. We
talked a bit, until he finally told me, what he had probably been waiting for
the whole time. He walked to the center of his room and then told me to kneel
down in front of him. That was, when I knew, what sort of 'meeting' he had in
mind. I protested and told him, he could'nt do that and that I would not do,
what he wanted. I was still there to work, no? But pretty fast, he told me, how
he would come up with something negative, he would tell his boss, if I didn't
comply. And that his boss wouldn't even bother to investigate, whether it was
true, what he'd tell about me. What could I've done? So I knelt down in front of
him in desperation. How could I get out of this? By then I did not know, this
had just been the easy beginning. He told me to take out his dick and suck it. I
shouldn't dare to touch it the slightest with my teeth or I'd be out! So I took
his member in my mouth and started to suck and caress it with my tongue. I'd
never done this before, You know. It wasn't, what he wanted. So he grabbed me by
the back of my head and started fucking me in the mouth. He pushed so deep into
my throat, that I was almost gagging. It seemed for hours, that he fucked my
mouth. I was crying, but not able to emit a sound, as he gagged me with his sure
thicker than average dick. When he came, I tried to pull back, but he threatened
again to swallow every drop! So there I was swallowing his semen and afterwards
licking clean his dick, as he told me.

Can a week start anymore fucked up, than tasting the stale semen of Your boss at
half past eight on a monday morning? It was awful! My stomack would protest
against the jizz of this old bastard!

After I had licked him clean he smiled, told me to close his pants and get to
work; and to make no more mistakes! I was desperate!"

I had swallowed every word with a dry mouth - what the hell! I was anxious to
hear the rest.

As it seems, that was the incidential event, that made things soon took off for
her.

Four weeks later - to the 'traditional' monday-morning-blowjobs Mr Brown had
added two more meetings - one on wednesday and one on Friday. Same place, same
time. Helena became less sensitive to these humilitional favours, she owed her
boss. She even worked out more effective ways to satisfy her boss. But it still
was a horror for her, to get his dick stuffed into her mouth and having to
swallow his amount of semen. She could not extinguish the taste, it left in her
mouth and throat, for hours. Every gulp would remind her of her boss.

She tried her best to do her work well, so she would be at least unharrassed
after the six months. She had a perspective and was accustomed to the bi-daily
humiliation, when her boss came up with something new:

"Helena, I have to talk to You" he told her on the phone.

When she entered his room a minute later, two other men were present - Mr Blue
and Mr. Yellow. As Mr Brown explained, he owed them a big favour, and as she -
Helena - still owed him a big one, he thought of annihilating the favour, he
owed to Blue and Yellow, by lending her to them for one afternoon.

***************************************************************************

"I was speechless. That bastard! It was getting uglier and uglier for me. Not
only did he shoot his load in my tummy three times a week. He didn't even bother
to 'lend' me to other members of the company. If it wouldn't be, that I was
kneeling there three mornings a week in front of him, sucking his flesh, it
would all seemed so unreal, I would have considered it a bad joke. But with the
fresh picture of his dick in my mind, I took it for as serious, as it was.
Before I could protest in any way, he looked me deep in the eyes, and told me in
a treathening voice, 'I was to meet up with blue and Yellow at quarter past two
this afternoon in room 15 in the basement!' I was trapped and speechless. Before
I could answer anything, he pushed me out his room and told me - 'not to be late
under any circumstances!' There I sat in my room. How had it come to this? I had
just been sold - my sex had been traded for whatever to two guys by my boss. It
seemed so unreal. An email arrived, while I was still figuring my so unreal
situation. It came from Mr Brown and said: 'If You are late this afternoon and
don't attend at all this afternoon, You are going to be in big trouble!! Don't
even bother, not to follow my instructions, girl!!'"

****************************************************************************

She she went there naturally. What else - as she told me - could she have done.
Her boss could initiate her kick-out of the company and she needed the job.

She never had been down there and did not knew room 15 either. No one had ever
talked of the basement - no one went there ever. She knocked on the door of the
designated room exactly on quarter past two and was ordered to come in by a male
voice.

The room was about 40 square-meters in size and brightly lit by proffessional
film-beamers, that enlighted every inch of it. In the middle of the room Mr Blue
and Mr Yellow had set up a strange construction. It was made of steel and
consisted of three padded parrallel horizontal bars. They were set up to
different heights by vertical poles that were fixed on the floor with srewed
baseplates. The bar in the middle was about a meter above the ground, whereas
the two other bars were only half a meter above the ground. All made of heavy
gleaming chromed steel. The bars all had rings at the end.

Mr Blue and Mr Yellow greeted her with broad smiles. Mr Blue sat on a chair in
one corner and was smoking. Mr Yellow seemed to be preparing something on a
videocamera, that was set up on a tripod.

Mr Blue told her to come in and get undressed. She was shocked and asked, what
they wanted to do to her. No answer but a affirmative nod from Mr Yellow.

She took of her blouse, unhooked her skirt and slipped out of it after she got
out her shoes.

'Now the rest!' Mr Blue said who stood up and approached her. She backed up a
bit, but he followed. It was some sort of threatening, so she did as she had
been told.

'Ah baby. Now lets get started fast, for we all have to do some work also today'
Mr Yellow said, clapping his hands. 'Lie with Your belly on that high bar'. He
pointed on that highest bar.

She did, as she was told. It was uncomfortable and the bar pressed on her belly
painfully. She groaned. Mr Blue took her legs, lifted them up by the ankles and
placed them on the lower bar to her back. He started to fix them to the right
and left end of the bar with thin nylon-rope. As the bar was about one meter in
lengths, her legs were spreaded enough to expose her beautiful cunt. Rose
colored and full, her peach was openend up by the construction.

'What are You doing to me' Helena asked.

This seemed to get on the nerves of the two men, as Mr Yellow suddenly had
ballgag-harness in hand, that he proceeded to put on her. Everything happened
without much talking. Helena felt helpless. Her legs were fixed by now and the
men were tieing up her arms to her back now in silence. They strapped her lower
arms together with her left wrist near her right ellbow and her right wrist near
her left ellbow. The low bar on this side of the high bar had been carefully
placed. I was just in the right height and distance to the middle one, so that
Helena's shoulders were resting on it. Her shoulders were bound to the bar. She
was now fixed on the device, her head hanging down. This changed, as one of them
put a rope arround the middle of her strapped togehter lower arms and connected
it to her long blonde hair. Her head now was painfully hold up by her arms, that
were pulling on her hair.

Padding Mr Blue's back, Mr Yellow let out a sight:

'Bishop was a genius - I couldn't have figured this out better! A Masterpiece!

He looked at the girl, who had started drooling. A thin line of drool proceeded
from behind the gag to the ground. Set up motion- and speechless she was totally
helpless now. He took the camera and slowly, carefully aiming for a perfect
picture, walked arround her taking close-ups of her desperate eyes, here
drooling lips constrained by the big red gag, of the harness ' straps caging her
head and face, of the arms on her back, that had begun reddening, as the blood
could not circulate freely in them, of her open pussy and asshole and of all the
other details. After this, Mr Blue put down his trousers and started fucking her
with his now rochhard pulsing dick. He had put on a mask, so he could not be
identified on the film. And while he was pumping the shit out poor Helena, Mr
Yellow taped everything, including her desperate sobbing as Mr Blue pummeled her
poor vagina, that was dry as fuck as she wasn't arroused the slightest bit. When
he had shot his load into Helena, he switched places with Mr Yellow and filmed
him fucking her. Helena's back was wet with cold sweat by now. Below her face, a
small puddle of drool had formed by the constant stream coming from behind the
gag. Her empty glossy eyes showed no sign of life of whatsoever kind.

When the both of them had pumped her pussy with semen, they took a shower in the
adjoining room, while Helena, remained on her device. The cum slowly dried on
her pussy-lips and her arms had a violet color by now. The room was silent
except for her heavy breathing through her nose and the air was thick with the
smell of sex.

When the two men returned half an hour later, everything went rather fast. They
untied her, told her to remove the gag and dress. And three minutes later, the
room was locked, she was dressed, the semen once again running down the inside
of her legs, while the two men accompanied her to her room on the second floor.

'You know, what is going to happen, if You consider talking about, what we did
with You today?' Mr Blue asked Helena, in front of her door. 'Better for You to
remain very silent or we will, by hazard, forget some explizit screenshots of
our session in the canteen! And I guess, You wouldn't want this to happen, no?

She slowly shacked her head, here eyes resting on some point far behind horizon.
With out any further comment, the two men were off and left behind Helena. She
went into her room, took out a cleenex, slid up her skirt and tried to wipe up
some of that sperm-fluid between her legs. When her boss entered without
knocking, she looked at him and what she saw in his eyes was too much for her -
she lost conscience.

Slowly dawn set in again. Something was happening. Her eyes were getting light.
She was pushed against something hard again and again. It was painfull. When she
had finally regained conscience, she fully understood her situation. Her boss
was humping her, belly on desk, once again, hammering her against the edge of
the table mercilessly with every stroke. She was so tired, she didn't even said
a word, after he too had finished fucking her and left her on the table without
a word.

She just kept lieing there for what must have been an enternity - Semen
potruding out her pussy-hole and streaming down her legs. Half out of mind, she
stood up slowly and once again wiped up the fluid between here legs. She packed
up her stuff and took off for her bed - it was half past four now. She had been
fucked and abused for over two hours straight - in her own company - during
work. Slowly she strolled to her car and drove home. She fell to sleep
instantly.

******************************************************************************

"It was worse, than I could have ever imagined. Beeing tied to that metal-device
in that manner; naked, gagged. And then beeing fucked by these bastards. All I
was wishing for the whole time, was that this nightmare might end and I would
wake up to recognize all as a very bad dream. But it wasn't.

How do You react in such a situation? I did not know and still don't know. I
knew nobody, I could tell, what I was going through. All I knew, was, that next
day, it would go on in the same way the least and that I could do nothing
against it."

She paused and looked at me. I was trying not to smile - rather I tried putting
on a consenting look and confirmed her to continue, as I was very interested in
the rest of her story.

"I tried to compensate my predicament as good as possible for my mind by trying
to be as clean and healthy as possible" she continued. "Always spending a lot of
time on my appearance and on my hygiene."

******************************************************************************

After the incident with Mr Blue and Mr Yellow, nobody hid his pleasures anymore.
People from all over the company would contact Helena's boss Mr Brown for a
session with her and he would always make her give herself for these people.
Things got to the point, where there would be a 'Do not disturb!'-sign on
Helena's door, whenever she was beeing used by someone.

As time went by, these 'Do not disturb!'-sessions would take so much time for
Helena, that she could no longer do the actual work, she was supposed to do. But
as no one, who had had the pleasure with Helena, wanted to step back with their
lust, Mr Brown deciced - unbacked by his bosses - to get another secretary to
get Helena's former job done, as she was now - much to his pleasure - employed
elsewhere. Unofficially Helena's job now was, to sit in her room and wait for
customers. These came so frequently, that she soon had not but a few minutes of
spare time left for the meals. She tried to compensate this by a very careful
hygiene. This probably wasn't the best choice, as so she - despite about up to
thirty men fucking her in all available holes each day - still remained crisp
and fresh; and in the process much more appealing to the men, that used her.

Four months out the six, that formed her test, it was end of the year and while
checking the companies finances the examiners found out about the second
secretary, that Mr Brown had hired. This information went to the board of the
company, who was pretty annoyed over this and immediately ordered Mr Brown to
report about him doubling his administrative employees.

Mr Brown told them, the work got too much for Helena - what had been true, as
this was, how she got, where she was now: pierced by about thirty dicks a day.
So they ordered her for an inquisitional conversation, as they called it, where
she would have to report over the fact, she was no longer able to do the amount
of work, she had been able to before.

As such things worked fast in the company, she was ordered in for the next day.

Next day - she had just been fucked by two employees at the same time - mouth
and pussy penetrated - for half an hour - she entered the conference room at 10
a.m., where the board was already present.

After some initial talk, the head of the board, Mr White came out frankly with
the main issue: Why she could no longer complete all of her work as before?
Helena first started to mumble something of more work. But Mr White and now also
Mr Red started to go more into details, what her work had consisted of the last
two months.

Somehow, Helena saw her chance now - she couldn't have answered the last
question anyway, as she had not done anything but kneeled down to blow dicks or
lean over to present her pussy the last two months. So she hoped for an end of
her slave-like existance and it all poured out of her, tears rolling down her
face. How she had been forced at first to blow-job Mr Brown; how he had 'sold'
her to Mr Blue and Mr Yellow and how she was - at some point - no longer
secretary but the sex-slave of Mr Browns friends and fellows. The board listened
to all of this with growing attention. Such an unbelievable story; they had
never heard something similar before. For a further clear-up of the incident
they immediately ordered Mr Brown to appear on scene.

Mr Brown, directly confronted with the tear-confirmed accusations of Helena, had
to admit everything. Mr White thanked him for his openess and told him to go for
they wanted to consult over further consequences. Helena was ordered to leave
the room shortly, until she would be called back in.

*******************************************************************************

In her low humble voice, she proceeded to tell me her story.

"When they called me back in, Mr White frankly told me, that the board had
weighed up the arguments and that they had decided, it was for the companies
best, if she continued her 'social work', as they called it. These monsters!
They only facette, that they added to the existing 'arrangement' was, that the
board had the 'prime right' on her. I started to cry so hard. So Mr Red came
round behind the table, put his arm arround me and told me in a voice, that
probably should sound fatherly, that it was for the best of me and the company,
and that they would keep an eye on the fact, that I would not be hazzled as
much, as in the last weeks before. I couldn't stand it any longer. If this only
all had been a bad dream! But it was really happening. Now I really was the
sex-slave of the company and I still did not knew, how to defend myself. Who
could I tell? Even the board of the company was with the ones, who harrassed me.
I was more desperate than ever!"

She sighted and took one more sipp of the wine.

I told her, I was speechless and asked, whether things had gotten at least
slightly better after the board used her 'service' also.

"No. Actually, things got even worse." she continued. "It was different indeed,
but not better. I didn't got used as often as before, but the people, who used
me now, were definitely more bizarre, than the simple workers. I would be
ordered to do things, I would have laughed out loud, had anyone told me before
about their existance, because they seemed too bizarre, to even be real."

"Often, asian business-partners of the board were involved, who seem to have a
much wilder phantasy, than the other people. I remember one group of japanese
business-men, the board was planning to make an important deal with. I was told
to serve the meeting with tea and crackers; and to wear skirt and blouse
stewardess-style.

Sometime into the meeting, they made a break. I was told to the come into the
conference room once again. Mr Red lead me to the big table in the middle and
announced to the conference, that I - Mrs Helena - was here. All the attention
in the room was focused on me now. The ten people gathered arround me, as the
obviously already knew, what was about to begin. Mr Red then told the boss of
the japanese - a really fat man - I was to their disposal.

So this fat ugly japanese told me without hesitation to undress and sit on the
table. I was not that shocked, as I had been ordered to do this at least 50
times in the last two months. But still I felt so humiliated, as I took of my
shirt, my blouse, and my bra in front of these foreign business-men. I sat on
the table. Quickly, four of the japanese took me by my wrists and ankles and
spread my body over the table. I was almost unable to move anything exept my
head. I could hardly see, what the fat one was doing as my body was pinned to
the wooden table, but I saw him rubbing right hand with some glistening fluid. I
found out quick, this was oil, as he pressed two fingers into my vagina. Over
this rude invasion, my whole body cramped. He slid the third finger in now. I
was moaning out loud of the pain. The fourth finger, he couldn't push it in, as
my whole body was cramping in pain. Hastily Mr Red came over to my head and
whispered, I should relax. If not, the big japanese would get really angry and
would surely do me serious pain. He obviously, as Mr Red continued to tell me
quickly, had done some serious damage to other woman at similar occasions. His
aim, according to Mr Red, was to get his whole fist in. Frightened, I somehow
managed to relax somewhat again. The fat japanese had waited for our
conversation to end and managed to push in the fourth finger. It hurt! I cried
out and tried to break free, but the four japanese held me tight. A sharp pain
made me forget any resistance. His whole fist was inserted now into my pussy. I
felt so sick and filled to the max. He pushed farther in. I never had felt so
full in my life - I was awfull. Can You imagine to be hold down by four japanese
men in a conference room on a table while their fat ugly boss is intruding Your
vagina with his whole fist and You - all the while - are not able to oppose in
the slightest little way? The agonising pain and the humiliating situation made
me crazy. I was groaning and panting as this fat men now started rocking his
fist back and forth in me.

But he was not satisfied yet. The four men let go my arms and feet and I was
told to lie on my stomack. That fist was still deep in me! As I tried to turn,
the fist slowly rotated in my pussy; the pain, that this rotation was
inflicting, was unbelievable! I cried out so loud, Mr Red jumped to me fast and
quickly stuffed a towel in my mouth, that he secured with tape. It happened so
fast, I was not able to react in any way and when I had turned and was lieing
there on my stomack, the four 'helping hands' grabbed my wrists and ankles
again, so I was helpless again.

Next they simply lifted me up and laid me on the ground, the fat mans' fist in
me all the time. The fat man then proceeded and ordered me to stand up. But as
he surely knew and probably delightedly enjoyed, I was not able to stand fully
upright. His fist kept me upper body in a near horizontal position, where I
remained uncomfortably. He pushed me over to a couch in one of the corners, that
his fellows had turned round, so that it was now standing with the back to the
room. I followed the orders given by his fist, that he twisted in me like a
joystick. As every so small movement of his fist made me want to cry out loud, I
answered all his unspoken commands promptly and was pushed over the back of the
couch. With a fast movement of his hand, he emptied my cunt. But the
delightement was only over a short period of time. He entered me with his dick,
that must have been nearly as thick as his wrist; but longer! I had not relaxed
for one second, when he began to thrust in me with a furiosity, that I had never
imagined possible before. Big tears were rolling down my face once again. When
he had shot his load in me out his dick, that was the least two inches thick and
ten inches long, he pulled out of me and told me, I could relax now for the rest
of the conference. But I did not want to relax so I started to get in upright
position to get out this fucking room, when again Mr Red jumped on me, pushed my
upper body back down so I was again hanging over the back of the couch and told
me, it was not a remark, that the fat japanese had made, but a definive order,
and that I was to remain like that, until told otherwise.

So there I was. Leaning over the back of the couch. The japanese cum starting to
come out my gaping pussy-hole. Sweaty, stinky and so miserable. Why was it
always, that things got still worse, when I thought, the worst was over? So I
tried to get accustomed to the situtation as good as possible, while the semen
was once again running down my legs.

When the meeting was finally over three hours later, I had swallowed the
sperm-loads of all the nine remaining persons exept the fat man. This had taken
place one hour before the end and I had - as before - to lean over the back of
the couch again for the last hour. The taste of sperm dominating every sense in
my mouth as it was stinky, sticky and I wasn't allowed to drink something after
receiving the semen of the nine. My stomack was in rebellion!

At the end of the meeting, the ten men walked out the room without a word. Noone
told me, I was allowed to get up and away. I was miserable. When would I be
allowed to go. Half an hour later Mr Red finally came back in and told me, I was
allowed to get up ."

"This is the most fucked-up story, I ever heard!" I admitted to her. "So what
happened after that?"

She again sipped on her wine and continued.

"After this incident, my role was fixed. I would be fucked and humiliated by
everyone, that got the permission of the board or Mr Brown to use me. And it is
still like that. Just today, I have had 15 men fuck me and gave 10 blowjobs. The
worst thing about the whole thing is, that I have grown somehow accustomed to
these things, so that I don't even try to oppose anymore in any way. It's so
hopeless!"

An idea had formed in my head and I asked her:

"So would agree, to break free out this trap, that You are in? I just figured
out a way, this could work."

Amped, she answered, that she was willing to do nearly anything to make these
horrible usage of her body end.

"So my proposition is this, Helena: You just dissappear! What I thought of would
be, that You subject Yourself again. Only this time, it is to me. You would
still be a sex-slave; only difference would be, I would be Your only Master and
would take care of You. You would live in my house and we would just pretend You
got lost or moved to another country to an undisclosed adress. I would sure
treat You much better, than these pigs. You like that idea?"

"Well, it's not as good, as I hoped for - I thought, I could quit this whole
sex-thing finally. But as I see much clearer now, this won't be possible in any
way - so Your proposition would surely be much of a better thing, than my
momentarily situation. I agree!"

********************************************************************************

I was so excited. We fixed - as I love contracts - a contract, she canceled her
appartment the next day, moved out and moved in with me into my big old house at
the border of my town. She did not show up no more to work. Police was alarmed
by the company, when she had not gone to work for one week straight. They
investigated and found out, she had moved out. As noone knew, where she had
gone, police dropped the issue and she was out.

Right from the start, I clearly showed her, what role I had forseen for her.
First things, she got to wear, were a single-glove, that fixed her arms on her
back - she wouldn't need her arms and hands most of the time and I love the
sight of a helpless girl in these; so she was to wear these almost all the time.
The second thing, I put on her, was a dog-collar made from nice gleaming steel,
that I locked. Except these two things, she would remain naked most of the time.
Her life now consisted of her slavery in my house.

Unfortunately not as nice, as she had imagined. I had prepared two rooms in the
basement for her. The first one had no windows and just naked walls and a
matrass. Most of the time I have kept her in there since. In the other room,
there are the dresses, the toilet and shower and also the devices for the
realization of my bondage-dreams. When I feel the need for sex, I use her for my
pleasure. As a sideway-business, I started a well-working-internet-business,
selling pictures of my tortured slave. That way, I am easily able to get the
money together for the both of us. I buy the food from it, the awful lot of
beauty-care-products for Helena - I don't want her to look all filthy and
fucked-up, but rather exciting beautiful. For this, she also got a lot of
beautiful shoes and dresses, that she is allowed to wear for me on special
occasions. When she is very lucky, I will take her out for a hike on her collar
in the back of the house, where noone can see her crawling about on hands and
knees. After the first weeks, where she kept fighting against the role, I had
planned for her to take in my life, she at some point resigned herself to - what
is planned by me - livelong slavery. She refused to do all the beauty-care, as I
wanted her to. But with the control over food and anything, I had enough
arguments, to convince her, to do everything as I wanted. Noone will care what
became of her, as noone knows or even wants to know. When she finally realized,
she won't do anything else anymore in her life, she fell into a deep depression.
As I told her these facts, she cried her eyes out for three days in a row, but -
as I already told You - she finally accepted her fate.

Anyway: this is what happened to her within the last six months. I hope, she'll
do her job good for a long time coming. I wouldn't want to have to sell her to
some slave-farm in a foreign-country and since I told her this, she is doing
everything, I order her to with a commitment, that would make any dog-owner beat
his chest in absolute pride. My girl Helena!



comments, suggestions for improvements or anything else - visuals for example -
email me: ori.miike@gmx.net




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ori Miike


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





