BDSM Library - The Maid




The Maid
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She worked for him as his house maid. An accident lead her to know the secret passion of this polite gentleman.
                              T H E   M A I D   
                                By: Unknown


It was a clear and sunny Friday afternoon.  Marcy carried her little tray
full of cleaning agents through the formal dinning room, on route to the
great room.  As she walked, she took in the decorations that filled the
rooms.  Lots of crystal and fine paintings.  Mr Greenfield had very good
taste.

Marcy was a maid.  She worked every day from eight until eight cleaning the
rooms downstairs for Ronald Greenfield, the owner.  Thought the hours were
long, the work was usually light and the money was pretty good.  The only
time things got heavy is when there was a party.  Then there was a massive
cleaning before and after the party.  Plus, she usually would help serve
drinks to the guests.  It was not bad for a girl trying to raise money for
collage.

Greenfield was a good employer to work for.  Though this was only her second
job as a maid, she did enjoy the job greatly.

At her first job, the master was an mean old eccentric that chased anything
in a skirt.  She left there after the upstairs maid filed sexual harassment
charges against the old bastard.  They were dropped later after, as rumors
had it, he paid her off to keep quiet.

Greenfield was much different.  He talked to the help.  Always polite.  A
gentleman in the true sense.  He was a tall, dark haired guy, relativity
young, and very good looking.  He worked out everyday in his private exer-
cise room and relaxed in his whirlpool and indoor swimming pool.

He was what you call a overnight success.  He invented some kind of device. 
Sold the multi-million dollar production rights to a international firm. 
Went to work for them as a high paid consultant, netted the company millions
of dollars from the sales, and a few years later sold the product and all
rights to the firm, which netted him a fortune.  Now he invests his money,
and reaps the reward from the returns.  At thirty-one, he has done quite
well.

Yet, the only thing he was missing was a wife, or at least a steady lady. 
He was not the playboy.  There was not a stream of girls, to be used and
then discarded.  He seemed to want a relationships, but they always fizzled.

For the most part, Marcy was happy with her job, but a little bored.  The
same things happened for day to day.  At least when there was a party, she
had a chance to see new people, and talk to a few, but only if they talked
first.  That was a trade rule.

There one strange thing in this household.  On the first level, at the end
of the west hall, there was a room that was off limits to all employees.  It
was guarded by a solid heavy door and a brass dead bolt lock.  Marcy would
walk pass it almost every day and wonder what behind it was so secret, that
it had to be locked up so tight.

She never saw anyone go into the room for any reason.  She never was asked
to clean it, or serve drinks in it.  Whatever it was, Greenfield did not
want anyone to know.

As Marcy was walking, she heard the quick paced footsteps of the master of
the house.  As she turned to look over her shoulder, her cleaning tray swung
and bumped a small display table, knocking off the vase that was sitting on
it.

Marcy tried to catch the vase but it hit the floor and shattered into a
thousand pieces.  Greenfield walked into the room just in time to see it
hit.

Marcy was in shock for a moment, not knowing what to do.  She looked up and
saw her employer standing there.  With guilt written all over her face, she
dropped to the floor and started picking up the debris and apologizing to
Greenfield.

"What happened, Marcy?," Greenfield asked.

"Your footsteps startled me, sir," Marcy answered, "and I...  I hit the
table when I jumped.  I'll replace it for you, sir."

"You realize that was a one of a kind vase," Greenfield said very calmly.

"I'm sorry, Mr Greenfield," Marcy replied.  "I didn't mean to break it.  Can
I repay you for it?"

"That vase was worth more than your salary for a couple of years," Green-
field answered.  "I'm afraid that won't be possible."

Marcy felt she was going to loose her job.  She did not need that.  She
liked working there, and did not want to look for another job.  Most of all,
she needed the money.

"Please, Mr Greenfield," Marcy begged, "don't fire me.  I need the work."

"You are a good worker, Marcy," Greenfield replied, "and I'd hate to do it,
but what else is there for me to do?  You leave me with few alternatives."

"Please, Mr Greenfield, don't fire me," Marcy continued to plead.  "I'll do
anything.  I'll work longer hours.  I'll work all weekends.  I'll do what-
ever you want, ANYTHING."

Greenfield looked at her for a moment.  Marcy read in his eyes there was
something going through his mind.  After a moment he spoke, saying, "You
should never say you'll do anything.  You might not know what you are get-
ting yourself into."

Here seemed a ray of hope.  She thought maybe he was debating about getting
her in the sack.  She would do it gladly.  She often wondered what this good
looking guy was like in bed.

"I do mean it, sir," Marcy said very calmly and quietly.  "ANYTHING!"

"Are you sure that you want to leave yourself that open, Marcy?," Greenfield
asked.

"Yes, sir," Marcy answered.

Again the man was silent and thinking.  Marcy could see that there was hesi-
tation in him mind, but then a look of determination came across his face. 
He made his decision.  "Very well," he spoke.  "So be it.  Meet me in the
billiard room tonight at ten o'clock.  Come alone, and make sure that no one
knows where you are, what you are doing, or where you are going.  Under-
stand?"

"Yes, sir," Marcy answered.

He made her repeat his instructions, told her to clean up the vase, and,
with a forgiving pat on her cheek, to get on with her work.

The rest of the day, Marcy tried to kept her mind on her work.  She did not
need another foul-up like this again, but from time to time, she wondered
what was to happen tonight.  Why did not he just have her meet in a bedroom,
or was there something else he had in mind.

When it came time for the help to leave, Marcy told them she had a couple
things that needed to be done before she could leave.  Mark, the stable
hand, want her to go out for a few drinks, but she declined saying she was a
little tired and was going home after work.

Marcy and Mark had a few flings together, and with good reason.  Though Mar-
cy was not a tramp, when the mood hits her, she had to do it.  Mark was the
house stud.  He could sense a woman in heat, and knew how to satisfy her
needs while fulfilling his own.

The first time they did it was at one of Greenfield's parties.  She walked
around the place in her little skirt, serving drinks to perverted old men. 
A few of them passes at her, a couple made grabs for her.  The whole thing
was making her so excited, she did not think she could make it through the
night.

She went into the kitchen to find Mark raiding the food.  He knew right
away, and started talking to her, saying things that got her even hotter. 
Within a few minutes, they had slipped to the stable, pulled off their clo-
thes and were getting it on hot and heavy.  She came twice.  Once in the
sixty-nine position right before he came, and again as he shot another load
deep inside her.  She got dressed, and returned to the party a satisfied
woman.

Marcy stole over to the west wing, and hid in the small study there.  The
room was almost never used, and was right next to the billiard room.  There
she waited, listening for every footstep that went by.  For almost two hours
she waited.  At ten o'clock, she snuck out, and crept into the billiard
hall.

Greenfield was not there yet.  There was only one light on, which was over
the pool table.  She looked around the room, wondering why they were going
to meet here.  Maybe, she thought, he has a strange perversion with making
it with someone on a pool table.  She started to giggle.  Then the door
opened.

"I'm glad to see that you're in such good spirits, Marcy," Greenfield said
with a smile on his face.

"I'm sorry, sir," Marcy replied.

"Don't be," Greenfield said.  "I like a positive, good natured attitude."

"So do I, sir," Marcy replied.

"Marcy," Greenfield said, being more serious, "I will ask you this question
only once.  Think very carefully before you answer.  Once we start, there
will be no stopping until we are finished.  I guaranty that no harm will
come to you, but you will follow my directions, and do as I say, regardless
of what it may be.  Are you still willing to go along with anything?"

Marcy sat silent for a moment, but her mind was already made up to do what-
ever it was he wanted her to do.  "Yes, sir," she answered.

"Very well," Greenfield replied.  "Now, you must promise to remain silent
about what is to happen.  You must never tell another soul."

"I promise," Marcy replied.  "I would never do anything to hurt you, sir."

"Good," Greenfield said.  "Having settled that, we shall begin.  From this
point forward, you shall not speak another word unless asked to.  Follow
me."

Marcy went with him out of the pool room and followed him up to the forbid-
den doorway that has puzzled her for months.  At last she would see all the
secrets of what was behind it.

"I'll have you know that no employee has ever seen what lies behind this
door," Greenfield said.  He unlocked the dead bolt and opened the door which
led into a small corridor with three other doors.  They walked in and he
closed and locked the door behind them.  To Marcy's surprise, there was a
key lock on the inside as well as on the outside to lock the door.

"Go through that door," Greenfield ordered.  "In there, you will find a out-
fit to wear.  Put it on, and go out through the other door in the room.  I
will meet you there."

Marcy nodded her head, remembering not to speak.  He unlocked and opened the
door.  She entered the room, and heard the door close and lock behind her. 
Again, a key was needed to pass back through the door.

She was surprised to see what was in this room.  It was like a small dres-
sing room.  There was a fine makeup table with soft lights around the mir-
ror, filled with the finest makeups, expensive perfumes and hair products
one could buy.  A solid chair and padded bench for sitting on while chang-
ing.  An oak hutch with drawers for hanging and storing clothes in, and a
full length vanity mirror to review oneself.  This room looked like it be-
longed next to the Queens's bedroom.

She went to the hutch to retrieve her new wardrobe.  She found hanging there
a white satin and lace teddy, trimmed in red and garter straps.  A pair of
white seamless silk stockings were laid next to it, and red spiked high
heels were on the base on the unit.

Marcy took out the outfit and felt the luxury of it.  Never had she seen
something so rich, yet so sexy.  For a few minutes, all she did was just
hold it, not believing she was to wear it.

She striped her clothes off and put the teddy on.  It was kind of bustling
outfit, and she was worried it would not fit, but she could not have had a
better fit.  It lightly pushed everything into the proper places.  The G-
string panties showed off all of the curves without showing everything.  She
pulled the stockings on her legs very carefully.  All she needed to do was
get a run in them.  Greenfield would probably have a fit.

The shoes were higher than she had ever worn.  Usually she wore a two inch
heel, but these had to be close to five inches.  At first she stumbled on
them a bit, but by taking shorter steps, she quickly got the hang of them. 
The strangest thing was they were far more comfortable than she thought they
would be.

She went over to the table and touched up her makeup.  She accented her eyes
and made her checks rosy.  She ran the brushes through her long dark hair
and dabbed on perfume in all the key places.

She went over to the mirror and looked herself over.  Never before had she
look so sexy.  Her breasts looked bigger.  Her legs looked longer and lean-
er.  Her buttocks was in perfect form.  If this was punishment, she could
really get into it.  Maybe she would break something else.

She realized that she was taking much longer than she should.  She hung up
her maids outfit in the closet, gave herself one last glance in the mirror
and went through the unlocked door.

She expected to see a large bedroom, lit entirely in candles, and decorated
in all the finest silks and lace.  The center piece would be a huge canopy
bed, where she would find the master waiting for her, but what she walked
into was completely different world.

The walls were panelled in a rich dark wood, moderately lit with recessed
lights in the ceiling, which was actually a huge mirror.  The room was fil-
led with contraptions that she had never seen before.  A large tubular rack
was on her left side, and some kind of pulley setup was on her right.  There
were a few others that she did not know what the were.

The center piece of the room was in the middle of the room.  A section of
the floor was raised a few steps.  On that was a large wooded chair and the
largest brass bed she had ever seen, the brass rails shinned in the light. 
It was covered with a beautiful lace bedspread.  It had to be very expen-
sive.

Marcy stood there, looking at all the items in the room.  Finally, Green-
field's voice broke her thoughts, saying, "If I may be so bold, you look
very beautiful."

Marcy almost thanked him, but remembered to remain silent.  Instead, she
smiled and lowered her head.  He words were so calm and soothing.  She began
to relax and trust him.  She could put up with his few off-beat practices.

"Yes, an excellent choice," Greenfield said.  "Please turn around slowly and
model for me.  I wish to take in the full range of your beauty."

Marcy did as he asked, slowly turning on her heels, showing herself to her
master like a model shows herself to the cameras at a fashion show.  She
played out the fantasy, enjoying the scenario.  A rich, handsome man, giving
her expensive lingerie to wear, speaking wondrously captivating words to her
about her beauty.  She was beginning to get into this.

He looked the lovely creature over.  Her long brown hair.  Her lean legs,
made more shapely by the stockings and heels.  Her firm buttocks and full,
well rounded chest.  He could not have chose a better girl for his plea-
sures.

"Yes, very lovely, my dear," Greenfield said.  "Let me welcome you to my
playroom.  Please step over here, and we shall begin your punishment."

They stepped over to the closet doors.  He opened them to revile a huge as-
sortment of ropes, chains, cuffs, straps, and various other restraining de-
vices.  Marcy stared at the collection.

"I hope you don't mind me placing you into bondage," Greenfield said.

So this was his secret.  He was heavily into bondage.  That was why he made
her say all the promises, why they met so privately.  All the doors and
locks.  Suddenly, everything came into a new light.  This private man sud-
denly made sense.

He pulled several strands of rope out of the closet and instructed her to
follow him.  He led her over to a wooden post.  The post was about seven
feet high, and about eight inches thick.  The surface was as smooth as
glass.

She was told to stand with her back to the post and her arms around it.  He
tied her wrists together very snugly.  Her ankles were next, tied together,
and a rope passing around the support, as were her knees.  More rope was
passed around her waist and chest.  Lastly, he took one very long strand,
and starting at her ankles, wound the rope up her body and around the post,
securing the ends behind her.

Thus satisfied that she was secure, he walked over to the closet to retrieve
another article.  Marcy tested her ropes, seeing how good her masters work
was.  She struggled for a moment with no success.  For soft as these ropes
were, there was no give in them.  Greenfield walked back over to her with a
red scarf in his hand.  He smiled at her as she struggled.  She stopped as
he approached.

"Go ahead," Greenfield said.  "Struggle as much as you like.  That's all
part of this.  If you free yourself, then I didn't do my part well enough. 
Of course, it's my part to keep you in there."

Marcy felt that little inch inside of her again.  She knew that if her kept
this up, she was going to be in heat before long.

Greenfield walked behind her.  "I know you promised not to speak until asked
to," he said, "but let's not take any chances."  He told her to open her
mouth and gagged her with the scarf.  As he tied the ends behind her head,
she realized the scarf was made of silk.  She thought to herself if she had
to be gagged, at least it was with something as sensual as silk.

He stepped around and looked at his prisoner.  She was indeed lovely.  He
watched her struggle in her restraints and listened to the soft sounds she
made.  Never before had he have such a woman in such a situation.  For sev-
eral minutes, he indulged in his pleasure.

She also was watching him.  She knew that he was enjoying her struggle in
the ropes, and heard her muffled moans.  She played it up for him.  Twisting
a little more than she could, but did not make it seem she wanted to escape
all to much.  The fact was, she was liking this as much as he was.  This was
something new to her.

Finally Greenfield spoke, saying, "I'm going to leave you for a while, but
do not worry.  I'll be very nearby.  I'll be back soon."

Marcy knew that he would not let anything happen to her.  She also knew this
was what her punishment was all about.  First to get her excited, then leave
her to squirm in it.  As a bonus, he got a sexy prisoner to do whatever he
wished.

He left the room, and she was all alone.  Again she tried to free herself,
but with no avail.  He definitely knew what he was doing.  She felt that he
was somewhere near by, watching her in her problem.

As the moments passed, she grew more and more excited.  The thoughts of his
return were running through her mind.  What would he do.  Would he return to
ravish her, or to leave her in her excitement.  Maybe it would be hours be-
fore he returned.

This was not the first time she had been tied up for a man.  Though she did
not do it on a regular basis, she had done it enough to know a few of the
finer points of the game.  She thought back to her initial experience.

The first time was a few weeks before her seventeenth birthday.  She was
with her best friend, Kelly, over at Chuck's apartment, who was Kelly's boy-
friend.  Kelly was only six months older than her, but Chuck was twenty-two.

                          - - - - -  *  - - - - -

Marcy had wondered what it was that made Kelly so interested in Chuck.  He
was not too good looking, did not have a lot of money, and was not real
friendly.  So she asked her friend what it was.  At first, Kelly did not
know if she could tell the truth, but after an double oath of silence, she
confessed.

"It's what we do together," Kelly told Marcy, "or should I really say, what
he does TO me."

"What do you mean?," Marcy asked.  "Great sex or something?"

"Well, it's like this," Kelly explained.  "He have a kind of strange rela-
tionship.  He loves to have sex, really we both do, but he likes it best
when I'm somehow tied up and unable to get free.  To be honest, I do to."

"What?!," Marcy asked, not believing what she had just heard.

"Really," Kelly went on.  "He ties me up, naked of course, and does whatever
he wants to me.  Sometimes, he puts me across his knee and spanks my ass for
being naughty.  Other times, I can't move as he goes down on me again and
again.  It's really is fun."

Kelly talked about the things her boyfriend would do to her and the effects
it had on her.  She then showed her some of the gadgets and how they were
used.  Kelly even put on a pair of handcuff on Marcy to show how they work-
ed.

"You really get into this stuff and enjoy it, huh?," Marcy asked.

"Yep!," Kelly answered enthusiastically.  "I always get so excited when we
play.  Especially if we play some kind of game, like the kidnapped cheer-
leader.  He says that was always one of his fantasies in school."

"Sounds like it could be fun, if you are willing to really try it," Marcy
remarked.

It was then that Kelly decided that Marcy should really try it for herself. 
She said that maybe she would enjoy the feelings it gave her, and make her
orgasm like she did.  Marcy decided to give it a test run.  Why not.  Chuck
would not be home for a few hours yet.  Might be something worth it.

At first, Kelly tied Marcy up in a few different ways.  but it was not real-
ly exciting.  Neither of them were into lesbianism, and did not want to try
it, but Marcy did admit she could not see all the excitement in it, but then
they hit upon an idea.

They got on the phone and called Marcy's boyfriend, Chris.  They told him to
come over to the apartment right away for a big surprise.  They both got
ready for his arrival.

When Chris got there, he was greeted at the door by Kelly.  All Kelly was
wearing was her low cut sweater and bikini panties.  Her wrists and ankles
were in cuffs, and a leather collar was around her neck, with a chain pul-
ling her wrists up her back.  Chris was spellbound as he looked at her.

She told him to come in and lead him to the bedroom, explaining that she was
to escort him to his surprise.  He was told that he may do whatever he wish-
ed but not to release his present.  She opened the door and told the confus-
ed boy to enter and enjoy.

He entered the room to find Marcy striped naked on the bed.  Her wrists were
circled by leather cuffs and chained to the headboard.  Her legs were in a
spreader bar, and chained in the middle to the bed, and her mouth was stuf-
fed with a huge ball gag, held in by a thin strap buckled around her head. 
She twisted and turned on the bed, showing her boyfriend how much she wanted
him.

Kelly again prompted him to go ahead, but he hesitated for a moment.  Kelly
saw the confusion in the boy and asked Marcy if she was truly going along
with all of this.  Marcy grunted into her gag and nodded her head in appro-
val.  Kelly closed the door behind herself, and released herself from her
bonds.

Marcy body was erotically violated for over an hour.  Though she came only
once, she did thoroughly enjoy this new sensation.  For some strange reason,
Chris and Marcy never again play bondage.  Maybe Chris did not really know
what it was all about, or he was scared of it.

The whole time she was reminiscing, Marcy had been twisting and squirming
her body against the ropes that held her.  She came out of her dream when
she heard the door open.  Greenfield entered the room and locked the door
behind him.  He was being very careful not to let anyone know what was going
on this night.

He did not speak a word, but untied her and directed her over to the tubular
rack.  He went to the closet and retrieved several long strands of rope. 
Going back over to the tubular rack, and ordered Marcy to standing inside
the frame of the rack.  He tightly tied her right wrist over her head and to
the side support of the rack.  Her left wrist received the same treatment. 
She was told to spread her legs.  She obeyed, and her ankles were tied to
the rack.

He held up a red ball gag to her.  "This will be a little uncomfortable for
you, but I don't think you'll complain too much about it."  Without asking,
she parted her lips to received the ball into her mouth.  He tied the ends
behind her head.  It was a snug fit that kept her jaws pried apart.

He checked the ropes once more, ran his hands down the sides of her body a
few times, and left the room, again locking the doors behind him.  Once
again, she was alone with her own thoughts.

She struggled in the rope, but soon surrendered the idea of escape.  She
still felt that itch between her legs, and it was growing even stronger. 
She knew it would be a long time before he might take care of that.  The
thought of being unrelieved just got her more excited as the minutes passed.

Her mind began to wonder again.  It was Mark who last had done the honor of
binding her.  As they went out to the stable one night, he told her he want-
ed to do something a little different.  When the got there, he instructed
her to strip off her clothes.  When she was standing naked before him, he
bound her hands behind her back.  He proceeded to played with her bound body
for a several minutes.  Unable to resist he actions just made her all the
more stimulated.

She was then placed on her knees and ordered to "suck the skin off" of his
hardon.  He pumped his manhood in and out of her hungry mouth for several
minutes, moaning in pleasure the whole time before he felt his cum boiling
up in his balls.  After he came all over her face and chest, he laid her
down on the straw, tied her spread legs to the posts, and licked her cunt
into an orgasm.  They finished with Mark replacing his tongue with his dick
and screwing her silly.  It was one of the most wild, erotic experiences she
had ever had.

                          - - - - -  *  - - - - -

It was over an hour before Greenfield returned to his prisoner.  Marcy was
hoping then he might release her and impose his will on her.  Instead, he
ordered her into the dressing room for a change of attire.  She would find
her new outfit on the closet.

This time, her outfit was a black satin bustier, zipped in the front, with
garter straps, lace G-string and matching black stockings, but instead of
shoes, there were a pair of gold toed, ankle high boots with spiked heels of
gold.  She thought the boots were a strange thing to wear with lingerie, but
she knew she had no choice in the matter.

She took off her white outfit.  As she hung it up, she noticed that her
maids clothes were gone.  "Now why would he take it?," she wondered, but
then she thought why worry about it.  It was going to be some time before
she was going to need it again.

Comparing the two, she deemed the white one was better for romance.  Some-
thing to wear when she wanted to be all woman, and let her man know it, but
the black one was better suited for intense sex.  To let her man know he was
about to get it, but good.  Maybe Greenfield had the same thoughts.

She pulled on the teddy.  Again it was a perfect fit, although the style of
this one was designed to be tighter than the other, but it still was very
attractive.  She pulled on the stockings and snapped them into the garters. 
The boots also fit just right, but again were very high.  She walked on them
for a moment to get the feel of them.  Evidently Greenfield like women in
high heels, and the higher the better.

She sat down at the dressing table and redid her makeup She made her eyes
darker that before, and touched up her lips with a dark red lipstick.  She
brushed her hair, giving it a little more of a wild look.

Looking on the table, she noticed there as a thin box, like the kind jewelry
come in.  A note was attached to it addressed to her.  She opened the note
first.  It was from Greenfield.  "Darling," it read.  "Please except this
gift that I am giving to you.  It is forever yours to keep.  I hope you en-
joy wearing it."

It was not signed, but it was defiantly Greenfield's handwriting.  She open-
ed the box to find a gold necklace.  It was defiantly of good quality gold
and very beautiful.  Her hands trembled as she put it on.  Even in the low
lights, it sparkled in the mirror.  For a few minutes, all Marcy looked into
the mirror at it and caress her fingers over it.

Coming back to, she thought she had better get a move on.  She did not want
to make the master upset.  She checked herself out in the vanity mirror. 
She was very surprised at the results.  Though it was not as romantic as the
other, she defiantly looked and felt sexy.  The boots did pull off with the
outfit.

She went out to the playroom.  Greenfield was seated in one of the leather
chairs.  He did not look too upset or impatient.  In fact, he looked rather
pleased.  "Give me the full show, if you would," he said softly.

Again she slowly walked if front of him, turning on her heels, giving him a
exhibition.  Marcy had done a little modeling in high school, and she knew
how to walk and hold herself.

"Very becoming," Greenfield said.  "Do you like you present?"

Marcy wanted to tell him how much she loved it, but as she was about to
speak, she caught herself.  She almost forgot her vow of silence.  Instead,
she nodded her head and ran her fingers across it.

"Good," Greenfield said.  "I'm glad you like it.  Now let's get back to
business."

He guided her over to the pulley setup.  He attached a spreader bar to the
hook.  Marcy knew well what a spreader bar was.  She had worn one before,
but instead of her ankles being spread apart, he locked her wrists into the
leather cuffs.  He locked her ankles into a pair of steel leg cuffs.  These
were different from the usual kind, because there were not any links between
the cuffs.  Her legs were held security together.

"Open your mouth," Greenfield ordered.  A black leather sack was pushed into
her mouth, which was attached to a wide leather strap.  Her lips went over
the strap, forcing her mouth to be held open wider than it was with the ball
gag.  The straps were buckled behind her head.  Though it was not the most
comfortable thing she had ever worn, it was not as bad as she thought it was
going to be.

He walked over to a control panel and pressed a button.  The electric motor
slowly pulled the bar up.  He stopped it just was Marcy's heels were to be
pulled off the floor.  If she stood straight, she could keep he feet on the
ground.

"There," Greenfield said.  "That'll do, very nicely.  I must say, leather
and steel agrees with you."

This was a new one for her.  She knew this position was not for sex, but he
could do what he wanted to her, if he wanted.  Greenfield knew his plan was
working.  Marcy was getting more excited every minute.  He started his next
phase.

He stood behind her and ran his hands up and down the sides of her body,
gently kissing her neck and shoulders.  Wild chills ran down her spine.  her
body shivered as his hands cupped her breasts and felt her hard nipples.  He
pressed her hardon into her soft ass and glided his fingers over her satin
covered lips.  He could feel the fever burning inside her.

For Marcy, it was over to fast.  He stopped after just a few moments of tan-
talizing.  He knew if her kept it up much longer, she would cum.  It was not
her time yet.  He kissed her shoulder, and left the room.  Marcy was left
alone again, looking at herself in the mirror above her, and her lust run-
ning out of control inside her.

She twisted her body around.  She pulled her ankles off the ground and let
her body swing from the chain.  Her tongue played with the gag, wishing it
was his cock instead.  She felt the fire in her cunt burning out of control,
and her juices flowing from between her lips.  She planned that the next
time her hands were free, even for just a single moment, she would throw her
arms around him and release herself upon his body.

It seemed like hours before he returned, but it was only half an hour.  She
had calmed down a little by now, but when she saw him enter the room, the
burning lust inside her body returned to its fever pitch.

He lowered the bar far enough to be able to release her wrists.  Marcy
thought this would be her chance, but it never came.  As fast as he released
her hands, they were pinned into the center of her back.  A set of leather
cuffs pinned her wrists together, and attached leather straps went around
her upper arms to pull and hold her wrists between her shoulder blades.

He went over to the motor control and lowered the bar completely to the
floor.  He then unlocked the steel cuffs from around her ankles and ordered
her to lay down on the floor, face up.  He spread her legs and strapped her
ankles into the leather collars of the spreader bar.  Marcy was not quite
sure what was to happen next.

Greenfield knelt over his bound prisoner, watching her struggled in her
bonds.  He knew she could not get loose, and he was not about to let her get
loose.  He pulled the top of the bustier down a little and freed her breasts
from the confines of the material.  His fingers lightly squeezed her fleshy
mounds and hard nipples.  He watched the girl shiver with his every touch.

He reached into his pocket and pulled out a small handle.  Marcy quickly
realized that it was a knife.  He touched the button, and the silver blade
sprung out from its cradle.  For a moment, she did not know what was going
to happen.  Was he going to cut her?  Maybe blood turned him on, but he had
promised not to hurt her.

Her fears were soon relieved.  He reached down to her soaked G-string and
slowly cut the silk panties off her.  He slowly pulled them off of her, re-
vealing her treasure.  Again his fingers probed her wetness and exploring
her tunnel.  The girl made deep moans of pleasure into her gag.

For Marcy, the volcano inside her did not get the chance to erupt.  He stop-
ped just as she was about to release her orgasm.  She thought to herself
that this guy was really an ass.  Why would he not let her cum.

Then she remembered, she was being punished.  What better punishment is
there that not having your bodies greatest desire fulfilled.  It was diving
her crazy.  To be so aroused and excited, and not allowed to release an or-
gasm was defiantly the ultimate in discipline.  What a punishment it was,
but it did have advantages over being spanked or fired.

Greenfield walked over to the control panel and pressed the lift button. 
Slowly her legs were being pulled up off the floor.  Soon her hips were lif-
ted up.  Higher and higher the motor pulled her up until she was hanging
upside down.  Her head was several inched off the floor.  She hung there,
slowly turning from the chain that held her suspended

Greenfield walked back over to her.  She expected him just to play with her
for a moment, drive her wild, and then leave her alone with her thoughts
again, but instead, he did what she wanted most.

She was hanging at just the right height for him to reach down to her nip-
ples and play with them while his mouth enjoyed the sweetness of her cunt. 
His tongue slowly licked her lips and toyed with her clit.  His fingers
squeezed her breasts and roll her nipples between his fingers.

This was by far the biggest thrill she had ever had.  To be given exotic
lingerie, expertly placed into immobility, situated into ingenious posi-
tions, teased for hours, and finally orally brought to orgasm was the great-
est sexual experience she ever had, and probably ever would again.  Within
minutes, she was on the edge of her orgasm.

Marcy was squirming her suspended body around like a fish on a hook.  Maybe,
just maybe, that little itch inside her would finally be taken care of. 
Greenfield knew that she was on the edge of it and wanted to keep her there. 
He kept her from letting her orgasm for several minutes.  He would speed up,
then slowed down, driving her absolutely wild.  He wanted her to reach the
highest level of sexual fulfillment as possible.

When, at long last her orgasm came, it was the longest, most violent and
intense one she had ever had.  She screamed into her gag and her body shook
wildly.  It seemed like it lasted for minutes, and it was the best she ever
had.

When it was completely over, she hung there limply, breathing deeply and
contently.  He rolled at padded table under her and slowly lowered her body
onto it.  He released her mouth from the gag.  She wooed for a moment, and
was about to tell him how great it was.  A sharp, quick glance from him
silenced her.  She remembered the vow.

He undid the leather cuffs from her ankles and wrists.  She rubbed her
wrists and looked at the red lines the left.  It could have been worse, but
it sure could not have been better.

The bed covers were pulled down.  He gently picked her up, and carried her
over to the bed.  She quietly laid on the soft white satin sheets as he re-
moved the boots from her feet and covered her with the top sheet and quilt.

"It's getting late," Greenfield said, "and you must be tired.  Sleep for a
while.  I'll look in on you later."  He then pressed his mouth onto hers and
kissed her, long, slow and deep.  He turned, lowered the lights, and left
the room.

Marcy laid in the middle of the bed, all warm, comfortable, and content. 
She thought of the kiss he had given her.  She loved the feeling of his lips
pressed against hers and the warm feeling it gave her.  It was then that she
realized that it was the first time he had done anything to satisfy himself. 
Everything else was designed to give her excitement and pleasure.  She fell
asleep the folds of the satin sheets a happy and satisfied woman.

Marcy awoke several hours later.  The room was still dimly lit.  She sighed,
and rolled in the sheets.  She was going to sleep some more, but she began
to relive the events of the night before.  After a few minutes, she gave up
on sleep and sat up in the bed.

She noticed the nightgown and robe that were laying at the foot of the bed. 
It was then that, except for her boots, she was still wearing her outfit
from last night.  Greenfield must have brought the gown in earlier, and she
should change.

She took of the teddy and slipped into the gown.  It was made of satin and
lace, and a light pink in color.  She pulled the matching robe on and pulled
the tie tight around her waist.

She almost stepped on the slippers that were next to the bed.  The slippers
were the kind you find in the expensive Hollywood catalogs.  The had a three
inch heel, and fluffy feathers across the toes.  This guy sure knew how to
spoil a lady.

Marcy turned up the lights.  Not having much else to do, she took a walk
around the room.  She looked at all the items in the room.  The supply cabi-
net was of special interest to her.  She studied the neat items that were
stored there.  Some of them were completely escape proof, others were merely
for show rather than hold.

She had just put down a pair of leg cuffs when the door open, and Greenfield
walked in.  Marcy was worried the he might be angry for looking at the
stuff, but he smiled and walked over to her.

"Do you like my collection?," Greenfield asked.

Marcy did not answer, but nodded her head.

"Good," Greenfield said.  "You remembered not to speak.  If you like, you
may now speak."

"Thank you, sir," Marcy replied.

"Does all this frighten you?," he asked as he looked into the cabinet.

"Oh, no, sir," Marcy answered.  "Not at all.  I was just admiring it."  She
picked up a coil of rope.  "I know what some of these thing are, but others,
I'm not quite sure."

"Are you asking me because you think I want you ask, or because you want to
know yourself?," Greenfield asked.

Marcy was taken aback for a moment.  She thought over the question very
carefully.  The real question is if she enjoys this or not.  "I am truly
interested in this, sir," she answered, "and I really did enjoy last night."

"Is that the truth, Marcy?," Greenfield asked.

"Yes, sir," Marcy answered.  "It's the truth."

Greenfield was satisfied with her answers.  He gave a small smiled to the
girl.  She returned one of her own.  He took the rope from her hands. 
"We'll look at this stuff later," he said, "but first, let's have something
to eat.  You must be hungry."

She realized that she had not eaten a thing since dinner the night before.

He opened another door to exposed a small room.  There was a small dinner
table in the center, covered with a table cloth, fine china and silverware. 
Soft, soothing music played in the background.  Against the far wall was a
buffet, covered with a large assortment of breakfast and brunch items. 
There were pancakes, eggs, bacon, toast, sweet rolls, fruit and nuts, cof-
fee, juice, and champagne.

They filled their plates, and sat down to eat.  Marcy was not sure what to
say, if anything, but Greenfield started the conversation.  They talked
about everything.  He was an excellent conversationalist, but not once did
they talk about the night before, or any related subject.

"I took the liberty of talking to Ms Breeker for you," Greenfield said.  "I
informed her that you were going out of town to visit friends, and you
wouldn't be in the rest of the weekend.  I gave you the weekend off."

"I was wondering about that, sir," Marcy replied.  "I...  I wasn't sure what
to do."

"What you mean to say is, you were wondering if you punishment is over or
not," Greenfield said.

"Well, I guess that's what I mean," Marcy answered shyly.

Greenfield put his fork down, saying, "Tell me what do you think."

"Well," Marcy said, "under the law, the more severe the crime, the greater
the punishment is.  It was an expensive vase.  I was caught at the scene of
the crime, and I don't seem to have a lawyer.  The evidence is against me,
and I guess I must expect the most harsh sentence under the law.  I must
plead guilty to the charge, and except whatever sentence the court feels is
fair restitution."

Greenfield laughed.  "Quite a analysis, young lady," he said.  "Am I to as-
sume that I'm the Prosecutor, Judge, and Warden in this case?"

"Yes, your honor," Marcy answered coyly.

"Well, then," Greenfield asked, "does the defendant feel the punishment fits
the crime?"

"Yes, your honor," Marcy answered.

"Should I let you off so easy?," Greenfield asked.  "Give you time off for
good behavior and an early parole, or make you serve the full sentence?"

"As the defendant," Marcy answered, "I'll say whatever it takes to get out
easy, but I know I must pay my debt to society, your honor."

She knew what he was doing.  He was trying to find out if this was all to
much for her and if she wanted to get out of this now.  She respected him
for it.  She knew she had been kidnapped by him.  Nobody knew where she was,
or what had happened to her except for him.  She realized she was completely
under his control, and could not escape without his permission.

She did not want to walk away.  Something was keeping her here.  She wanted
to do more, and please him.  She had enjoyed everything that has happened,
and was looking forward to what was next.

"Well," Greenfield said, "I can see that you haven't been reformed, and you
haven't fulfilled you debt to society yet.  Therefore, I sentence you to the
full term under the law.  Detention to begin immediately.  This court stands
adjourned."  He hammered the table with a butter knife.

This was the judgement Marcy was hoping for.  "Thank you, your honor," she
replied.

Greenfield stood up and ordered her to remain quiet, and led into the main
room.  She was taken over to the bed, and told to remove her robe and slip-
pers, and lay face down on the bed.  She did as commanded, now wearing only
the gown, as he collected what he needed.  Her wrists were pulled behind her
back and tied tightly together with red velvet strips.  Her ankles were also
tied together with another strip.  A third strip was inserted in her mouth
with another covering it and tied behind her head.  Longer strips were wrap-
ped around her thighs, knees, chest and waist.  A final strip was placed
over her eyes and tied behind her head.

"You will be serving the rest of your sentence in this room," Greenfield
said.  "Consider it your cell for the weekend.  I'll check up on you later." 
He got up, turned down all the lights except for the bright one over the
bed.  Marcy could not see a thing through the blindfold.  She knew he was
leaving the room and would return when he wanted.

She lay on the satin sheets, trying to get free.  She thought this might be
to simple, and she would be loose in a moment, but it was not going to be as
easy as she had hoped.  For as soft as the were, the velvet cords were
strong and did not give an inch.

It was some time before she gave up.  If she was going to be a prisoner, she
might as well try to escape.  Not that she wanted to, but she felt she had
to try, but she knew the effort would be fruitless.  Even if she did get
free, where would she go.  All the doors were locked.  All in all, she could
not escape is she really wanted to.

Her mind raced around.  In the darkness, she began to imagine his return. 
What would he do next.  She had just about given up on guessing on him, but
most of all, when would he satisfy his needs.  When would he just screw her
like crazy.  She wanted that just as bad as he must.

It was two hours before he returned.  Marcy was laying motionless on the bed
when she heard the door open.  She heard his slow footsteps walking toward
her, but could not see him.  At last, she felt him sit down on the bed.  She
jump at the touch of his hand on her back.

His hand slowly moved up and down her back, her legs, and her ass.  His
touch was so light.  As his fingers slid over the satin material, shivers
ran down her spine.

He removed the strip from her eyes.  She blinked in the strong light, but
soon adjusted to it.  She rolled over and looked up at him.  He was dressed
in a comfortable shirt and black dress pants.  His hands continued to play
with her.  His fingers ranged up and down her body.  She sighed as he cupped
his over her chest.  She closed her eyes and let the flood of sensation flow
through her body.

Greenfield continued to let his hands slowly play with her as he spoke to
her in a authoritative voice.  "Go into the dressing room, and through the
other door," he said.  "There you will find a small bathroom with shower. 
You should find whatever you need.  Take as much time as you like.  In the
dressing room you'll find change of clothes in the closet.  Change into the
outfit and return here.  If you return before I do, wait here, I won't be
long.  Do you understand?"

Marcy nodded her head.  He untied the velvet cord from her body and removed
the gag from her mouth.  She slowly walked over to the room and the door
closed behind her.  She rushed over to the hutch to see what was there for
her.

There was a set of matching red lace bra, panties, garter-belt, and a set of
red silk stockings with seems running up the back.  The red high heels she
wore before were also there.  "Red is the color of passion," she said to
herself.

She went into the bathroom.  The room as better than the typical bathroom,
The decor was bright and tasteful.  The shower had the best scented shampoos
and conditioners.  The towels were thick and plentiful and the finest impor-
ted soaps were available.  The room was heated, to avoid chills.

She let the warm water run down her body.  It felt good to let her arms
stretch, and the sweat wash off her.  She got out and rapped a thick bath-
room around herself.  She dried her hair, and used the curling iron.  When
she was done, she went back to the dressing room.

She put on her makeup first.  She kept the red theme going by using red-tin-
ted eye shadow and extra blush.  She used the brightest red lipstick in the
table.

She put on the outfit and carefully pulled on her stockings.  Nothings is
worst than a run in your stockings.  Lastly, she pulled on the pumps.  She
stood in front of the mirror.

Normally, she did not like the way she looked.  She thought she was too fat,
or her chest was too small, but every time she looked into this mirror, she
liked what she saw.  She just hoped Greenfield like it too.

It was a little more than an hour before she went back into the playpen. 
The lights were on more even throughout the room.  Greenfield was nowhere to
be seen.  The bed had been changed into black satin sheets and the quilt was
gone.  Other than that, nothing else was different.  Her instructions were
to wait for him, so she went over to the bed.

She hesitated to lay down on bed.  Maybe she had better wait to see what he
wanted.  So she elected to sit in the wooded chair.  The chair as an old
heavy one, and it creaked as she sat in it.

She did not have to wait long before he returned.  He was wearing a white
silk shirt and a tight pair of leather pants.  He entered the room and slow-
ly walked over to her.  Before he got there, she stood up and modeled for
him before he would ask her.

"Yes," Greenfield said, "I do like it, and what's in it.  Do you?"

Marcy nodded her head.

"Take your seat again," Greenfield ordered.  "You're just where I want you."

Marcy sat down in the chair.  He produced several coils of soft white rope
and began to tie her to the chair.  Her wrists were tied to the arms of the
chair and her upper arms were roped to the chair back.  He passed rope
around her waist and chair back.  Her chest received the same treatment. 
Lastly, her ankles and calves were tied to the legs of the chair.

He went around and checked all the knots.  Marcy knew getting loose from
this one would be impossible.  All rope ends were beyond reach, and all
knots were tight.

Greenfield showed her the red ball gag.  "You remember this, of course," he
said.  "As you can see, it's is style with you attire."  Marcy opened her
mouth to receive the gag.  He pushed it in, and tied the secured the ends.

He stepped back and watched the girl.  Marcy struggled in the ropes, trying
to make some slack.  Thought the ropes were not too tight, there was not any
room for movement.  The chair creaked as she worked her body around.

Greenfield was satisfied with his work.  He walked behind her and laid his
hands on her shoulders.  She loved the touch of his hands on her bare skin. 
She closed her eyes and moaned softly as his hands lightly roamed around her
body.

After only a minute, he stopped and left the room.  She felt the itch bet-
ween her legs again.  She felt herself getting hot and wet once more.  Again
she knew the punishment of both the body and the mind was working on her.

She began to wonder who else had been brought into this room.  There had to
have been others.  She fantasied about a tall redheaded woman, chained
tightly to the rack.  Her body stripped of her clothes, except for red spik-
ed heels, and held immobile.  Her mouth filled with a leather gag.  Green-
field had her so horny, that the juices were running down her legs and he
rolled her nipples between his fingers.  It was hours before she had her
needs taken care of.

She then thought of another scenario where two women were tied together at
the waists.  Their arms pulled above the naked bodies, and their spread legs
tied together at the ankles.  The sweat poured off their hot bodies as he
played with them.  Then they were tied kneeling back to back, as he took
turns receiving the blow-jobs they hungrily gave him.

Marcy could not help herself.  The whole time he was gone, she squirmed in
the chair and fantasized.  Her body getting hotter, and her mind getting
hornier.  She dreamed of his return.  She needed it so badly.  When would he
return?

It was less than an hour later before he returned to her.  He spoke not a
word, but slowly untied her from the chair, but left the gag in her mouth. 
He pulled her to her feet, and lead her over to the bed.

He turned the girl around and stood behind her.  She felt arms reach around
her and unhook the front clasp of the bra and it being pulled off of her. 
Her hard nipples welcomed the cool air.  Next, her panties were slowly pul-
led down her legs.  She stepped out of them without a word.

He moved her to be laying on her back on the bed.  He pulled out leathers
straps with leather cuffs on one end.  He placed her left wrist in the cuff,
buckled it, and tied it to the brass headboard.  Her right one received the
same.  Her legs were spread, and two more straps secured them in place.

Marcy loved the smell and feel of fine leather.  She loved the sound it made
as it moved, and how it felt on her skin.  Greenfield as also a fan of lea-
ther, and used it whenever he could.

The girl worked her arms and legs, but found no relief form the straps.  She
was tightly restrained, and slightly stretched.  Completely vulnerable to
whatever he wanted.  She stared up into the mirrored ceiling.  She watched
the reflection of her naked body, squirming in its bonds.

He sat down on the bed next to her.  He gently glided his finger over her
skin.  She shivered at his touch.  His fingers played with her, squeezing
and probing wherever they wanted.  They felt her hard nipples, and entered
her wet cunt.  Marcy wished he would not stop.

His tip of his tongue touched her nipples as he fingers her clit.  Soon, his
whole mouth was on her breasts, gently sucking them.  His fingers worked
faster on her clit, building her into a huge orgasm.  Again her held her on
the edge, not allowing her to release.  Marcy thrashed on the bed as much as
her restraints would allow.

After several minutes of closeness, he finally let her explode.  She came as
long and hard as the night before.  She tensed her body as the wave rolled
over her body.  Then it finally calmed again, as she lay limp on the soft
sheets.

Greenfield stopped for a moment.  Again his fingers gently glided over her
soft skin.  The girl was breathing fast and deep, recovering from her
ordeal, but it was not long before she released she was getting excited
again.  Greenfield was again playing with her nipples and clit.  She felt
the itch return, and began to squirm again.  She never got this excited so
quickly after and orgasm.

His touch got her hot once more.  What a talent her had for it, but this
time, she wanted him deep inside of her.  She wanted to feel his body slam
into hers as he pumped in and out of her.  She wanted him like no man ever
before.

Greenfield stood up.  Marcy was worried he was going to leave again, but
instead of leaving, he slowly removed his shirt.  She got more and more ex-
cited as she did a slow striptease.  She loved his muscular body, his chest,
his legs and tight waist.

At last, he was down to his black bikini brief.  Marcy could see the huge
bulge in them, and wanted to see the true thing.  He slowly pulled of the
brief to reveal his manhood to her.  It was long and firm, and it stood hard
like a pole.

He gently stroked it, and it grew even larger.  Marcy wanted do badly to be
doing it herself.  Her twisted and turned as much as the leather would give. 
She grunted and groaned into her gag, leading him to shove it into her.

He crawled on top of her and pressed her hardon onto her excited clit.  He
slowly moved his body on top of body, dry humping her.  Marcy returned as
much as she could.  She could feel her orgasm building to monster propor-
tions.

He then lifted up and slowly pushed is cock into her.  He did it so slowly,
that she wondered if it was too big to fit inside her.  At last her was tot-
ally in her, and the tip seemed to touch bottom.  Marcy moaned deeply as her
pushed it in a little harder.  He squirmed it inside of her, driving her
wild.

He strokes started long and slow.  He wanted to savor this for as long as
possible.  Marcy too wanted it to last, but with each stroke, he got a lit-
tle faster, and she moved her hips a little more each time.

Finally, they were at full speed.  He was ramming in to her, and she was
bucking like wild.  Her muffled grunts and groans mixed with his, as they
both were heading toward their climaxes.

The wave of pleasure shot through Marcy's body.  She tensed her body as it
shook her.  Within a few seconds of starting, Greenfield rammed deep inside
of her and shot a huge load of cum deep into her.  He pushed in deeper as
the cum poured out of him.  At last, they were through.

He laid on top of her, his softening dick still inside her.  He pulled the
ball out of her mouth, and pressed his lips onto hers.  They kissed hard and
passionately for several minutes.  Their bodies pressing into one another,
trying to become one.

Within minutes, Marcy noticed that he was hard again, and was slowly star-
ting to hump again.  He stopped after a minute, and pulled out, much to Mar-
cy's disappointment.

Only for a moment, however.  He untied the rope for the ball gag.  He then
moved down to her ankles, unbuckled the belts and pulled them off of her
legs.  Lastly, her wrists were freed from the straps.  He then laid down on
the bed next to her.  Again their mouths met.  This time, Marcy could return
all the favors he had bestowed upon her.

Her hands stroked his chest as his caressed her hips.  Her fingers wrapped
around his cock, as his played with clit.  He both were breathing hard.  His
lips kisses and sucked her nipples as she ran her fingers through his hair.

She rolled him onto his back, and moved her head down to his groins.  She
licked the tip of is head, and tasted his cum.  She kissed the shaft, and
finally took the whole thing into her mouth.  She loved to give men head. 
She almost got off on it as much as they did.

After a few minutes, she pulled her up to him, and she straddled his hips. 
They humped for a few minutes, as the kissed deeply.  She them moved up, and
he slid his rod inside of her.  They fucked for a few moments with her on
top if him.  Even though she was in the superior position, he still control-
led the situation.  They moved well together, as they moaned and groaned.

He then rolled them over, and was on top again.  She rapped her legs around
him and squeezes tight.  They fucked faster and faster.  Their sweat covered
bodies mashing into one another.  They rolled from side to side on the
sheets.

She felt his body tighten up, and him ram into her.  Just as he shot his
second load, she felt her climax hit.  She screamed out with delight as he
grunted out his.  Again the matched the orgasm together.  Within a couple of
minutes, they were exhausted, with him laying on top of her.

After a few more minutes, the rolled over, pulled up the sheets, and cuddled
together.  Marcy sighed contently as her held her in his arms.  For several
minutes, neither of them spoke a word.

"May I speak, sir?," Marcy dared ask.

"Of course you may," Greenfield answered.

"If this is punishment," Marcy said, "I hope I'm in detention for life."

"Discipline has many forms," Greenfield said.  "This happens to be my favor-
ite."

"It's mine now," Marcy replied, hugging him tightly.  She felt strangely
content and safe in his arms.  Not since she was a little girl and her fa-
ther's hugged her to drive the night creeps away had she such feelings.  He
felt happy.

"Say," Greenfield said after a few moments, "how would you like to get out
and do a little shopping?"

Marcy giggled a bit.  "I thought my term wasn't up yet," she asked.

"Call it a work release program if you want," Greenfield replied.

"Oh, yes, sir," Marcy said, "but I hope you are coming with me."

"Of course," Greenfield replied.  "You can't leave without a guard."

They got up out of the bed.  It was then Marcy realized she had one small
problem.  "What am I going to wear?," she asked.  "I don't think this is
appropriate streetwear, and I don't know where my uniform went to."

"I feel it's appropriate myself," Greenfield answered.  "In fact, it's per-
fect, but not practical.  We can't have men falling all over you, but it's
already covered.  You'll find proper attire in the dressing room."

A complete change of clothes was waiting for her.  A white blouse, tight
blue jeans, pantyhose, bra, white high heels and matching purse.  By some-
way, everything she had worn in the past thirty-six hours has fit better
than her own clothes.

Marcy met Greenfield the playpen.  He had changed into blue jeans and cowboy
boots.  "A prisoner should be shackled if they leave the jail," he said,
"but I think handcuffs will do."  She held out her wrist, and he snapped
them on her.  Having her secured, they walked out the door to the garage.

"I gave the help the day off, except of Wayne," Greenfield said.  Wayne was
the butler, and the head of the staff.  He had been with the master for
years.

"Why Wayne, Mr Greenfield?," Marcy asked.

"He's the only one I trust," Greenfield answered.  "He knows all about my
little quirks, except for you now.  He also helped me construct the room,
and furnish it.  In return, he and his wife use it on occasion, with my per-
mission."

"Does he know about me?," Marcy asked.

"No," Greenfield answered.  "He knows there is someone here, but doesn't
know who.  He's upstairs, and will not pry into this affair.  All and all,
he's a very good man."

"He must be.  sir," Marcy replied.

Greenfield stopped at the garage door, and said, "For the rest of the week-
end, you don't need to call me sir.  You know my name is Ronald.  Use that,
or Ron, if you like.  I really hate formalities."  He smiled at the girl. 
She knew that she did not have to worry about anything.

"I like Ronald," Marcy said.  "It's a handsome name."

They walked into the garage.  "I don't think we need these for a while,"
Ronald said, taking hold of the handcuffs, "but I'll hang on to them in case
you get jumpy."  He unlocked the cuffs from her wrists.  "Which car do you
like to take?," he asked.

Greenfield was a car buff, and had several.  A few imports, a Caddy, and a
couple old muscle cars from the late sixties.

Marcy walked over to the little red Merceedes-Benz convertible.  "I always
wanted to drive around on a country road, doing about ninety, in a little
car like this," she said.  "Could we take this one?  At least I can say I've
been in one."

"If you like," Ronald answered.  "Maybe we can make your dream come true."

They jumped in, put the top down, and took off.  I was not a long drive to
the mall, but it became one.  The went out onto the highway, and opened it
up to one-hundred miles per hour.  It was a warm afternoon, and the breeze
blew through their hair.

The got to the mall about an hour later.  The shopped around for a while
before the got to the shoe store.  Marcy saw a pair of red spiked heels,
with ankle straps.  "Do you like those?," Ronald asked.

"Yes, I do," Marcy answered, "and I'm sure you do too."

"You've guessed I like high heels on a woman," Ronald replied.  "I think the
make a woman truly a woman.  Men can have long hair, and can dress more fem-
inine, but heels a strictly a ladies item."

"Why's that?," Marcy asked.

"The make the leg look longer, and leaner," Ronald explained.  "There's also
something sexy about them, but you must thing I'm strange."

"Oh, no," Marcy said.  "Not at all.  I completely agree with you.  I love
heels, but never really wear them.  I don't think I have the legs for them."

"Oh, shit!," Ronald said.  "What woman thinks she does?  A woman is either
never satisfied with herself, or she is so conceded no one is good enough
for her.  My dear, you look sensational in heels, and everything else you
wear.  I happen to believe that you are a most attractive woman."

Marcy was speechless.  He had never been given such complements, and she was
deeply flattered.  Not knowing what to say, she looked into the case at she
shoes.

"Would you like them?," Ronald asked.

"Yes, I would," Marcy answered, "but I can't afford them."

"No," Ronald replied, "but I can."

"Oh, no," Marcy said.  "I can't let you do that.  That's not fair."

"Why do you think I brought you here?," Ronald asked.  "I intend to spoil
you rotten.  This is only the start, and it continues in line with my plans. 
Like I said, there are many forms of punishment.  Are you coming with in
with me, or do I have to buy them without you trying them on?"

At first Marcy was not sure if she should protest more or not, but she felt
his air of mastery.  If he wants her to have it, one way or another, she
will.  The went into the store.  She tried them on and fell in love with
them.  Again she offered to help pay, but he would not hear of it.

The went into another store, and Ronald bought Marcy a red silk blouse. 
Again she protested, but gave in to him.  "I told you once," he said, "and
I'll tell you again, it's all part of the plan, and you will have it, one
way or another."

They proceeded next to a leather shop.  Marcy stopped outside the door. 
"Really, Ronald," she said, "this is too much.  I like leather clothes, but
I don't want you to spent all your money on me.  It makes me feel cheap or
something."

"Listen to me," Ronald said in a firm voice.  "First of all, I have enough
money, but no one to spend it on.  I like to spoil people.  I gives me plea-
sure, and something to do.  Second, you're not asking for it, nor expecting
it.  So, your not cheap or something, and third, I want to, and I want you
to have it.  Besides, I like a woman in leather and silk."

"That's too much," Marcy protested.  "I can't let you buy everything in the
place for me.  Besides, where am I going to wear all of this stuff?"

Ronald smiled, and answered, "Out to dinner with me tonight at Club Roger,
and then dancing at the Outrage, if you must know."

"Are you serious?," Marcy asked.

"Serious as a heart attack," Ronald answered.  "Remember, spoiled ROTTEN! 
Come on now, in we go.  We have to get a move on.  Hup, two, three, four!"

He had her try on a white leather miniskirt.  The smell of leather, and the
way it moves on a body really turned her on.  She came out of the dressing
room and showed her master.  He smiled, and nodded in approvement.  She
changed and came out.  Ronald was over by the leather jackets.  He held up a
red one.  "Try this on," he said.  "I think it will be a good fit."

Marcy slipped in on, snapped it closed, tied the sash, and asked, "Well?"

"Very nice," Ronald answered.  "Take a look for yourself."  He pointed to a
mirror.

"Oh, I love it!," Marcy said, turning around and looking at the back.  She
looked at the price tag on the cuff, and asked, "Ronald, are you sure?"

"Yes, I'm sure," Ronald answered.  "Discipline comes in many forms.  I hap-
pen to like this form, not to mention your form.  You also need a purse to
go with it."

They took the skirt, jacket and purse up to the register and paid for them. 
The counter girl put them in boxes and bags, and the left the store.  When
they were outside the store, Marcy stopped, and turned to Ronald, saying, "I
guess I should thank you for all of this.  I never had anyone do so much for
me."

"No thanks are necessary," Ronald said.  "I just hope you enjoy them all,
and tonight."

"With you, I KNOW I will!," Marcy replied.

The went out to the car.  The air was still warm, but Ronald pulled the top
up.  He then opened the glove box, and pulled out hand and leg cuffs.  "You
were a little to disagreeable in there.  I'm afraid you must wear these
home."

"I was a bad girl," Marcy joked as he locked her wrists behind her back, and
locked her legs together.  He started the car and drove off.  This time, he
went straight home.

The whole time, the girl struggled in the chains.  She fantasized that he
picked her hitchhiking.  He said he would give her a ride only if she agreed
to be handcuffed during the drive.  Of course she played it out that half
way through the drive, he stopped the car and proceeded to give her a lesion
on not thumbing for rides.

Her dream did not come true.  Soon they were pulling up the drive to the
estate and in the garage.  He unlocked her ankles, but kept her wrists toge-
ther.  They went into the house and back to the playpen.

"Since you weren't the model prisoner," Ronald said, "I an afraid that you
must be put into solitary confinement for a while."

"Yes sir, warden," Marcy replied.  He removed her cuffs and ordered her to
strip her clothes off.  When she was naked, she was commended to lay on the
bed, face down.

He pulled her wrists behind her back and tied and clinched them tightly with
lots of rope.  Her ankles were then roped together in a similar manner.  He
then attached a length of rope to her wrists, bent her legs, and tied the
other end to her ankles.  She laid on the bed in a very tight hog-tie.

She rolled around an the bed for a few moments, trying to get loose.  She
grunted and groaned as she tried to loosed her ropes.  Greenfield looked at
her struggled.  The both knew that she was not going to get loose.

He shoved a cloth into her mouth and held it in place with another one tied
around her head.  Her groans were muffled as she continued to fight the
bonds.  He collected her clothes, and left the room.

She laid on the bedspread, rolling and turning around, trying to free her-
self.  She really did not want to get loose, but it was fun to try.  Soon
her body was getting hot and sweaty.  Was the room getting warmer, or was
she getting hot from her struggles.

Marcy struggled for quite some time before she was exhausted.  She felt her
body begin to ache, but she still relished the ropes that held her.  She
felt herself getting sleepy.  She never had slept when she had been tied up,
but then again, she never had been tied up in so many different ways, with
so many different restraints, for so long.  She closed her eyes and gave in
to sleep.

She awoke to find her body covered with sweat.  During her nap, she had hor-
ny dreams about being tied and ravished by several men.  She then noticed
Greenfield sitting in the chair, watching her.  She again started to strug-
gle as her got up and came over to her.

Ronald untied her ankles form the wrists, and then removed the ropes around
her ankles.  He spoke to her in soft, erotic words, saying, "I've been
watching you.  Did you have dirty little dreams?  You must have because your
body is wet and your ass is twitching.  Your ass is so soft and firm.  You
like it touched, don't you.  Does this feel good too?"  His fingers explored
her, and played with her clit.  Marcy moaned into her gag.

Within a moment, she was hot with desire.  Greenfield knew it, and was horny
himself.  He dropped his pants, climbed on top of her and rammed his rod
into her.  His hips ground into her ass.  He rammed into her hard and fast. 
Marcy was squirming under him, her orgasm building higher and higher.  She
raised her ass up, trying to get him in deeper.

It was several minutes before he felt his climax building up.  He moved his
sweat covered body faster and faster as it got closer.  Marcy released her
orgasm, groaning through her gag.  Greenfield knew it, and it made him all
the more excited.

Marcy could not wait for him to explode inside her.  She wanted to feel his
load rush into her.  Greenfield held it back for as long as her could.  When
he shot, it was like a dam had burst.  He mounded loudly, plunging himself
into her deep.  Marcy arched herself, trying to let it deep inside her, and
moaned deeply.  It seemed like he pumped in more and more each time.

He did not move for a moment, letting the feeling of relief flow over him. 
He then pulled himself off her and pulled on his clothes.  Marcy expected
him to release her, but instead he tied her ankles together, untied her
wrists, rolled her limp body over, and retied her wrists together.  He then
attached her wrists to the head board, her ankles to her footboard, and left
the room.

For a few moments, she was upset.  Why did not her untie her and lay next to
her.  She wondered if she was really just a good lay for him, but then she
remembered what this was all about.  She was being punished.  He had his
plan, and she had to follow it.  She knew that she was more that just a good
time.  She felt in her heart that she was falling for him, and would do
whatever her wanted.  This was what he wanted, and what she deserved.

Marcy again slept soundly for a while.  She was awoke by the gentle touch of
his hands on her body.  His fingers sent shivers of pleasure up her spine.

"A nice nap, my love?," Ronald asked as he pulled the gag out of her mouth.

"Yes," Marcy answered.  "I dreamed about you."

Ronald united her body.  "It's about time for you to her ready for dinner,"
he said.  "Your clothes are in the dressing room.  Meet me back here."

"May I ask you something?," Marcy asked.

"You may," Ronald answered as he handed her the satin rope.

"How did you know all these clothes would fit me so well?," Marcy asked.

"I got the sizes from you uniform," Ronald answered.  "After that, it was
very simple.  I did have to guess on a couple things, but I think I was cor-
rect."

"It was amazingly correct," Marcy said.  "Did you buy it all?"

"Yes," Ronald answered, "I picked everything out for you specially, and it's
all yours to keep if you like."

"You're too good to me," Marcy replied.  "I...  I don't know how to thank
you."

"You've thanked me by being here," Ronald said.  "Now get along, we have
reservations at seven, and I'm getting hungry.  I can be a real animal when
I haven't eaten."

"You are already one," Marcy said through a giggle.

Ronald laughed, took her hand, and went with her to the dressing room. 
There he kissed her, and left.

The hutch and dresser were filled with all the clothes she had worn in the
past day.  A few other outfits were also there, all in her sizes.  What a
way to be punished.

Marcy showered and cleaned up.  She did her hair and makeup again.  She want
for a more refined look, yet still attractive and sexy.  She took her time,
trying to look her best for him.  She did not want to have him embarrassed
to be seen with her.  She selected a wonderful soft perfume that she hoped
he liked.

She found a white lacy bar and panties, and matching garter-belt.  He seemed
to like that Victorian look in lingerie.  She was not quite sure what stock-
ings to wear.  Red would be too much, and white did not quite seem to fit. 
She then found the perfect choice.  She chose the ever traditional seamless
tan stockings.  They were of pure silk and so smooth.  She gently glided
them on, and gently moaned.  The felt so good against her skin.

She slipped on a white pair of heels and stood in front of the mirror. 
Though she never was a real fan of garter-belts, stockings, and lingerie
before, she was now.  There was something special about it.  It made her
feel so feminine and attractive, and the heels brought it out in her. 
Greenfield was right about that.  Next week, she was going out and buy some
new outfits for herself.

She finished getting dressed.  She slipped on the silk blouse and leather
skirt.  She was afraid her new shoes were going to kill her feet, but they
were soft and flexible.  She walked comfortable in them.  She put on her
gold necklace, grabbed her purse, took one last glance in the mirror, and
was about to go back to the playpen when she noticed a little jewelry box on
the table addressed to her, labeled, "To be worn tonight."

She opened it to find a beautiful gold ankle bracelet that matched her gold
necklace.  It shined in the light as she put in on her right ankle.

Greenfield was already in the playpen when she got there, reading a leather
bound book.  He was wearing black slacks, white shirt, a tweed jacket and
leather shoes.  He put the book down as she approached.  Marcy turned on her
heels, and gave him a fashion show.  "Do you like it?," she asked

"Yes," Ronald answered, "I like it very much.  You look ravishing, my dear."

"I hoped I wouldn't disappoint you," Marcy said.

"The only way you could do that is if you didn't wish to go with me," Ronald
replied.  "Shall we go?"

Marcy thanked him for the present, but he said, "No thanks needed.  Just
enjoy it," as he held out his arm, and they left the room, arm in arm.

The went to the garage and got into the caddy.  It has smoked windows, power
sunroof, and every option they made.  On the set was a single red rose.  He
did not say a word about it, but Marcy held it the whole time they drove to
the restaurant.

The place was a kind of casual elegance.  Most of the men were wearing jack-
ets, and a few had ties.  The women ranged from long formal to overly tight
jeans.  Marcy was worried she would look out of place, but soon relaxed. 
The host was a tall blond woman who was the most poised woman Marcy every
had seen.  She warmly welcomed them and lead them to their table.

The waiter was the one Greenfield requested.  He got them their drinks and
described the chefs creations.

"This is the best place in town for a steak," Greenfield said.  "Also the
prime rib is excellent."

"It all looks so good," Marcy said looking at the outrageous prices.  "I
don't know what to have."

"Do you mind of I ordered for us?," Ronald asked.

"Please do," Marcy answered.

"We'll both have the Surf-and-Turf," Ronald told the waiter, "done medium,
and a bottle of red wine."

"Excellent choice, Mr Greenfield," the waiter said.  "I'll be back in a mo-
ment with your salads."

"I never had lobster before," Marcy stated.

"Well, then you are in for a treat," Ronald said.

Suddenly, a short, stout man walked up to the table.  "Greenfield!," he said
almost shouting, "Ronald Greenfield.  How the hell are you, old boy?"

"Well, hello, James," Ronald said, shaking the man's hand.  "It has been a
while."

"Oh, it's been almost a year since I saw you last," James said.

"You're looking very fit," Ronald countered.

"Lost twenty pounds on one of those California diets," James replied.  "Ne-
ver felt better."  He turned to Marcy, saying, "Who is this lovely crea-
ture?"

"Excuse my manners," Ronald answered.  "James Rolland, meet Miss Marcy
Hughes.  James and I are old friends."

"How do you do, Mr Rolland," Marcy said holding up her hand.

"Oh, James, please," James said, "and the pleasure in all mine."

Greenfield gave Marcy an approving glance and nod.  She knew she just passed
the society test.

"Come join Rachel and I for dinner," James said.  "We have much to talk
about."

Marcy was worried.  What would she have to say to rich upper classes.  What
did she have in common, but Ronald took care of it for both of them.

"I sorry, James," he said, "but I must decline.  We came for a quiet little
dinner.  I sure you understand."

"Now don't tell me you're going to keep this lovely lady away from us, and
captive all to yourself?," James asked.

"Yes, that is my idea," Ronald answered.  He shot Marcy a quick smile.  She
got the joke.  His captive, all to himself.

"Oh, well," James said.  "Our loss."  He looked at Marcy with a lust in his
eye.  She could tell the man was undressing her with his eyes.  Marcy just
accepted it as a complement.  "Don't keep the boy up all night," he said. 
"He needs his rest.  A pleasure, Miss."  He shook her hand.

"Nice to have meet you," Marcy replied.

The two men shook hands, said a word of salutation, and James Rolland wad-
dled off to his table.

"Thank you for not accepting his offer of dinner," Marcy said.

"Marcy," Ronald said, "the old man is a coot, and to be perfectly honest, a
jerk.  He came over here not to see an old friend, but to impress the rest
of the place.  He wants everyone in here to think he's some kind of hot
shot, and more than likely, would have made a play for you right in front of
his wife.  I hope you really didn't want him to maul you under the table."

"It's not that," Marcy replied.  "It's just I don't know how to act around
these people.  I'm not that sophisticated."

"I understand what you are saying," Ronald said, "but you don't have to do
an act.  You don't need to be fake like the rest of these people.  Just be
yourself.  Make them fall for you like you are, like I have.  As for sophis-
tication, you have plenty of that, more than these fakers."

"I don't fit in, though," Marcy said.  "We have different experiences and
backgrounds."

"You fit in better than you think," Ronald said.  "See that woman sitting
over there with the tight blue dress?"  He pointed to a table across the
room.  "That's Lucy Palmer.  Before she met Palmer, she claimed she was an
actress, but in reality, she was a stripper at a low class joint.  Palmer
came in one night, they played nookie in the back, and whammo, she's got him
hooked.  Two months later, they're married.  She married old man Palmer for
the money, and has cheap little affairs on the side when he's at work or out
of town."

"You're making that up," Marcy replied.

"Nope," Ronald said.  "Every word of it is true.  She made a play for me one
night at a party I was giving, right under the old man's nose."

"What did she do?," Marcy asked.

"She asked me if I could tell he all about foreplay," Ronald answered. 
"What a LINE!  I told her to consult Webster's."

Marcy giggled.  "You didn't," she said.

"I sure did," Ronald replied.  "Since then she hasn't spoke a word to me,
which is no great loss, I assure you.  The real kicker of it, she can't say
a word to the old man.  It must drive her crazy."

"I don't believe it," Marcy said.  "Your making up every word of it."

"I give you my word it's the honest truth," Ronald said.  "I could give you
a dozen stories similar to it.  So you see, the social circle is in no way,
shape, or form and better and anyone else."

Marcy felt better.  If the stories were true, then she could fit in without
any problem.  If they were not, then it meant Ronald did not care if she did
not fit.  All he wanted was for her to be comfortable.

The dinner was excellent, and the conversation was enjoyable.  They left for
the night club.  As they drove, Marcy felt comfortable with this man.  He
was warm, sensitive, and kind.  Something was kindled in her heart, a feel-
ing she never had before.

They arrived at the club, and were escorted to the best table in the house. 
The music was loud, and the lights were low.  They ordered drinks, and danc-
ed away the night.  Greenfield was a good dancer.  He knew how to move his
body to the music.  Marcy was good too.  They danced well together.

At about two o'clock, they left the bar.  The car was pulled up for them by
a Spanish man with a heavy accent.  Greenfield gave him a tip, and they
drove off.

Marcy felt his hand close around hers.  She did not pull it away.  "I had a
wonderful time," she said.

"I did too," Ronald replied.  "It was the company."

They drove the rest of the way in silence.

Back at the house, they walked in together, with his arm around her waist. 
"Does this mean the work release program is over?," Marcy asked.

"For tonight," Ronald answered.  "You did miss curfew."

"Then I better pay the price for it," Marcy said.  She turned around, and
placed her wrists behind her back.  Greenfield pulled out a pair of hand-
cuffs, and locked her wrists.  "Back to my cell, I assume?," she asked.

"You assume correctly," Ronald replied.  The red ball gag was placed in her
mouth, he tied the ends, and led her to the playpen.

They entered the room.  Marcy turned to face her master.  Greenfield threw a
large pillow in front of her.  "Get on your knees," he ordered.  Marcy drop-
ped to the floor and knelt on the cushion.  He opened her jacket and pulled
it down off of her.  It bunched around her wrists.  He knelt behind her and
carefully unlocked her right wrist, pulled the jacket off her arm, and re-
locked the cuff.  He then did the same procedure with her other arm.  Her
jacket was laid in the chair.

Greenfield walked behind her and locked her left ankle in a leg cuffs.  He
looped the other end around the chain of the handcuffs and locked the other
end on her right ankle.  Thus, she was loosely hog-tied.

Marcy struggled for a moment.  The cold steel held her extremely tightly. 
She looked at her master and saw the big bulge in his pants.  For several
minutes, she squirmed and grunted as she stood by looking on.

She was not surprised at his next action.  In fact she expected it.  He
stood in front of her, and open his pants.  His freed rod sprang out.  He
held it with one hand, slowly stroking it for several minutes.  It seemed to
grow bigger with each moment.  Marcy jabbered through her gag, telling him
not to tease her and how much she wanted to suck on it.

"Now it's your turn to please me," Ronald said.  He pulled the gag out of
her mouth, and replaced it with his cock.  She hungrily took it in and star-
ted to pump on it.  He pulled it out of her.  "Slowly," he said.  "Don't
rush it.  That way we make it last longer."

He slowly inserted it back into her mouth.  Marcy gently moved her lips over
the shaft.  She was excited, and wanted to really go down on him, but knew
he would just pull it out again if she did.  Inch by inch, his manhood moved
in and out of her.

She tried to speed up, but again he pulled it out and warned her to slow
down.  The problem was she was very excited now, and wanted him to explode
in her mouth.

The minutes went on.  Bit by bit, she moved faster.  Greenfield did not pull
away.  He stood there, with his hands playing with her hair.  He moaned
softly, and Marcy moaned herself.

Soon she was pumping on him like mad.  She wanted it, and he was not going
to stop her.  She knew he was close when he groaned aloud.  She took it in
as far as she could, and prepared for the flood.  Greenfield held his hands
on her, pushing in farther, and shot his cum.  She quickly swallowed down
every drop he gave her.

There seemed no end to it all.  Marcy was amazed at the amount of cum he
shot.  This was his fourth time today, and he still shot more than most men
do on there first.

When he had finally stop shooting, he pulled himself out and pulled up his
pants.  He then replaced the ball back in her mouth and unlocked the leg
cuffs.  He picked her up and carried her over to the bed.  He unlocked the
handcuffs, pulled the gag out of her mouth, and ordered her to strip off her
clothes.

She stood up, and did a slow striptease for him.  Each button on the blouse
took its own sweet time.  She slowly slid the leather skirt off her wiggling
ass.  Her bra and panties also delightfully drag on.  At last, when she was
down to her garter-belt and stockings, he stopped her.

She was ordered onto the bed.  Her wrists were tied together in front of her
with lots of soft white rope, then attached to the headboard.  Her ankles
were also roped loosely together, and tied to the footboard.  A soft white
cloth served as a gag.

"My dear, you looked very lovely tonight," Ronald said.  "I never had the
pleasure of escorting someone as ravishing as you."  He kissed her on the
head.  "Until tomorrow, sleep well."  He covered her up with the comforter,
turned down the lights, and left the room.

Marcy laid awake for a few minutes.  She knew the rope was meant to tell her
that he was still in control, and everything was according to his will. 
Still, she felt she meant more to him than just a wild fantasy.  The rope
was just a reminder to her to keep in line for the rest of the weekend, but
maybe tomorrow, she could have one of her fantasies acted out.  She fell
asleep, with visions of him doing all sorts of wonderfully wild things to
her tomorrow.

She awoke in the morning refreshed and happy.  She rolled around as far as
her ropes would let her in the satin sheets.  They were so comfortable to
sleep on, and felt so good against her skin.

Greenfield returned to the room carrying a small tray.  This he set next to
the bed, and sat down next to her on the edge of the bed.  He leaned over,
pulled the gag out of her mouth, and passionately kissed her.  She was ready
for another love making session, but instead, he gave his orders for the
morning.

"I brought you something to eat," Ronald said as he untied the ropes on her
wrists.  "The door to the dressing room is open.  I'll be back in two hours. 
Be wearing only a black garter-belt, stockings, and heels.  Understand?"

Marcy nodded as he untied the last of the rope from her wrists.  He stood
up, and left the room.

Marcy's breakfast consisted of muffins, fruits, and juice.  He ate quickly
because she was hungry.  After she was finished, she sat in bed for a few
minutes, cuddling a pillow.  She wondered what was in store for her today.

She went to the dressing room and found her clothes.  The heels were just
like the red ones, and had little ankle straps In the room, there was enter-
tainment center with a television and stereo.  She turned on her favorite
station, and got ready for the day.  She showered, dried and styled her
hair, did her makeup, and put on the clothes he requested.

She did not know what time it was.  It had to be late morning, or early
afternoon.  For the past few day's time was unimportant to her.  She did not
even know if it was early or late, but she did not care.

She went back to the playpen.  Greenfield was not there, but had been some-
time ago.  The sheets on the bed had been changed to black satin.  The blan-
kets was gone too.  She laid down on the bed and awaited his return.

He came back wearing tight black leather pants, a black shirt, and carrying
a small bag.  Marcy watched him approach her.  He looked good in black, very
manly

"Come over here," Ronald said.  Marcy got up off the bed, and walked over to
him.  He was standing by the pulley setup.  Her wrists were chained together
with a bright silver chain and padlock.  Her wrists were then locked to a
loop on the pulley setup.  He started the motor and lifted her wrists above
her head.  He shoved a black penis gag into her mouth and latched the straps
behind her head.  He then spread her legs and locked her ankles into a
spreader bar.

For a moment, he stood back and watched her.  Marcy struggled, trying to
free her wrists from the chains.  He wondered if she really liked to strug-
gle, or if it was an act.  He then opened his case and took put some kind of
plastic device with leather straps attached.

"Do you know what this is?," Ronald asked as he held it up to her.  Marcy
shook her head.

"This is the latest in sexual technology," Ronald said.  "It's a remote con-
trolled exciter vibrator.  It so thin and decreet, it can even be worn under
clothing.  Let me show you how it works."  He walked behind her and talked
like a salesman while he worked.

"This inserts into the vagina, and this part covers the clitoris," Ronald
explained.  "These straps hold it in place.  This one goes around the waist
like so, these strap around the thighs, and this one goes from front to back
like this."  He tightly strapped the thing on her body.  Marcy was wondering
how well it worked.

"As you can see," Ronald said, "it was designed to hold snugly in place
while you wear it."  He held up a small black box that looked like a tele-
vision control.  "This is the remote control.  It has a range of about one-
thousand feet.  It turns the unit on and off, and controls the speed of it. 
Allow me to demonstrate."

He pressed the button.  Immediately she felt the thing slowly vibrating bet-
ween her legs.  It did not make much noise at all, like a bee buzzing far
off.  It was very arousing feeling, like a tongue lightly licking her.  He
pushed the accelerators button and the unit vibrated a little fast.  Her
insides were tickled and her clit was stimulated.

He kept speeding it up, making it move faster and faster inside her and over
her clit.  Marcy squirmed more, her breathing got faster, and her heart
pounded.  She felt herself burning red hot, and the juices flowing between
her legs.  She sucked on the penis gag like it was a hard cock, ready to
shoot its load into her.  If he kept this up, it would not be long before
she would cum.

She was on the edge of a climax.  He knew she was about to cum, and watch
her thrash in her chains and listened to her moan and groan.  As the wave of
pleasure hit her, she closed her eyes and screamed into her gag as she felt
herself let go.  She twisted and turned as her body tensed up.  Within a
moment, it was over, and the unit was lightly buzzing again.

"You get the idea," Ronald said as he took her down from the hook and car-
ried her over to the bed.  He used soft leather straps to tie her wrists and
ankles to the bed frame in a spread eagle.  He then got something else out
of his bag.

"Now, for the rest of the morning, we'll let you try it out," Ronald said. 
"See if you like it, but it seems to work best when one is in the dark, so
here we have the solution to that."  He covered her eyes with a black lea-
ther blindfold, and buckled the straps behind her head.  "That's better.  It
will give you the full effect.  I'll leave you alone to enjoy it."  He turn-
ed and left the room.

Marcy lay on the bed in total darkness, having wave after wave of delight
roll over her.  The minutes seemed like hours.  From time to time, the unit
would speed up, but then slow down.  Sometimes, it would speed up just in
time to make her climax.  Other times it would slow down before she could. 
She came five more times before he returned to the room, almost two hours
later.

The sheets were covered with the sweat from her body.  Marcy was exhausted. 
She just lay there as her removed the vibrator and took of her shoes. 
Greenfield undid the straps, removed the blindfold and gag, covered her with
the top sheet, and left.  Within a few minutes, she was sound asleep.

Marcy woke up a few hours later.  At first, she did not see Greenfield was
sitting in the chair watching her, but he spoke up.  "Did you have a nice
nap?," he asked.

Marcy nodded her head.

"You may speak if you like," Ronald said.

"Yes," Marcy said.  "After all that, I needed one."

"I can imagine," Ronald said.  "Tell me, how did you like the little toy?"

"It was INCREDIBLE!," Marcy answered.  "I couldn't believe how turned on I
was.  I couldn't rest for one minute before I would start getting excited
again."

"Good," Ronald said.  "I'm glad you liked it."

"But," Marcy said softly, "it's not as good as the real thing."  She sat up
and put her heels back on.  She then laid back down in a most suggestive
position.  She wanted him, but did not want to ask for it.

He took the hint and came over to the bed.  Marcy began to undress him, but-
ton by button, until his shirt was off.  He played with her legs, slowly
stocking them from her hips to her ankles.  When all he was warning was his
leather jeans, she pushed him down onto the bed and sat onto of his legs. 
She undid the button, and pulled down the fly to reveal his monster prick.

She pulled his pants off and laid down between his legs.  She laid gentle
kisses up and down his hard shaft.  Her tongue lightly ran the length of it
and teased the tip.  Bit by bit, she took more of him in until at last her
lips were surrounding his cock at the base.

Greenfield breathing got faster as she moved her mouth faster and faster up
and down his manhood.  He felt himself throbbing inside her.  Her tongue
played with him as her lips pumped his rod.

At last, he felt his orgasm about to flow.  Marcy knew it, and slowed down. 
Now it was her turn to be the tease.  Each time he got close, she would slow
down and wait until it receded, then speed up again.

She kept it up for twenty minutes before she let him finally release.  When
he did, he seemed to pump gallons down her throat, but she swallowed every
drop until he softened.  Proud of herself, she laid beside the master and
listed to his heart beet.  For several minutes, they did not speak.

Without a word, he rolled the girl over onto her back, spread her legs, and
moved his mouth down to her lower lips.  He began that great head action he
had done so well before.  Within minutes, Marcy's clit was stimulated, and
her insides were drenched.

She rolled her ass into the mattress as she felt herself getting closer and
closer to her own orgasm.  She moaned and groaned as his tongue explored her
insides and he kissed her clit.  She felt it about to hit and wonder if he
was going to tease her also.

He did not.  Her body tensed, and she exploded in a wave of pleasure.  Every
nerve in her body jumped.  Then it was over, and she was limp on the bed. 
Greenfield slowly and gently kissed her vagina for another minute.

He then rolled her over and told her to get on her hands and knees.  With
her ass sticking up in the air, he rammed himself into her and began to ra-
vish her with long, fast, hard stocks.  Marcy squealed with delight, and
groaned with almost every stroke.

Within minutes, the both felt their orgasm building.  Greenfield rammed even
harder, bottoming out inside her.  Marcy dropped her chest to the mattress,
but kept up on her knees.  The groaned together as the rush of pleasure hit
them together and the both released their orgasms.

When they were through, the fell down on the bed, pulled up the top sheet,
and laid together hugging one another.  They did not speak a word, relishing
the moment.

"Do you feel like getting a little something to eat?," Ronald asked after a
while.

"In a minute," Marcy answered.  "I don't want to move just yet."

After a few more minutes of cuddling together, Marcy went to the dressing
room to put on some clothes.  She found a pair of blue jeans and a bulky
sweater.  She rejoined him in the playpen.  He was wearing a pair of jeans
and a polo shirt.  Together, the went to the kitchen and whipped up lunch.

They made themselves sandwiches and soup.  The conversation was light and
fun.  They joked together, and he even paddled her behind with an egg turn-
er.  The meal was of the same spirit.

When they finished, they cleared the table and loaded the dishwasher.

"Where's Wayne?," Marcy asked.

"I gave him the day off," Ronald answered.  "I thought you might want to be
alone today."

When they were through, they went over to the den.  This is where Greenfield
spent most of his time.  I was panelled in a dark oak finished, furnished
with a leather couch and chairs, a heavy wooden table and chair set, and the
best entertainment center she ever seen.

He turned on the receiver to a adult contemporary station.  The acoustics
were perfect.  Each note and word could be heard in perfect harmony.

They sat on the couch, and talked for a while.  He asked her questions about
her past, her family, her schooling.  It seemed to her that he wanted to
know everything about her.  Even when she asked him a question, he would
turn it around in a minute and be talking about her.

After a couple of hours, he decided she was not telling him everything, and
she needed a few minutes in restraints again to help her remember.  She was
told to sit on one of the heavy wooden chairs.  He tied her wrists to the
arms of the chair, and her upper arms to the back.  Her ankles were tied
tightly together and attached to the crossbar.  Her knees were also tied
together.  A final long rope was tied around her chest and waist and to the
chair.  When he was finished, he pulled up a chair in front of her and
watched her struggle.

"Why do you struggle so much when you are tied?," Ronald asked.  "Is it you
don't like it and really want to get free, of is it something else?"

"No," Marcy said, "I do like it, very much.  It's simply more fun to strug-
gle.  The more I fight it, the more I know I can't get free.  I makes me
feel more helpless and how I'm under the control of someone, and it carries
the excitement out more."

Ronald liked the answer she gave.  It was what he wanted to hear.

"Are you going to gag me?," Marcy asked.

"How can I question you if you cannot speak?," Ronald responded.

He asked her how she got into bondage, and what her past lovers did for her. 
She told him about the first time, how Kelly showed her, and the first time
it happened.  She told him about a few other times too.  She felt so at ease
with him, she could tell him everything.

"And what about Mark?," Ronald asked.

Marcy stopped her struggling and sat there spellbound with her mouth open. 
She did not think he knew about that.

"Yes," Ronald said, "I know about your little trips to the stables.  I over-
heard him tell one of the other boys.  He did pay you a great compliment in
a left handed way."

"What did he say?," Marcy asked at last.

"In a much cruder way," Ronald answered, "he said you were very good in the
hay.  Actually, I envy him."

"Why?," Marcy asked.

"Perhaps I shouldn't say," Ronald said, "at least not now, but what about
Mark?"

Marcy could tell he did not want to talk about it right now.  So she thought
she might ask him a few questions.  "Oh, nothing really," she said.  "He's
okay, but kind of a jerk.  He was just there when I needed...  What I mean
is..."

"I understand," Ronald said as he untied her from the chair.  "You don't
need to say anymore."

"That's enough about me," Marcy said.  "Tell me something about you."

"Like what?," Ronald asked as he led her over to the couch.

"Tell me about your first time," Marcy answered.  "How did you get so invol-
ved in bondage?"

Ronald looked at the floor, saying, "That's a long, rather complicated
story.  If you really want to know, I'll tell you, but it might make you
think of me in another light."

"If you don't feel comfortable about it, then please don't," Marcy said.  "I
don't want to upset you."

Ronald thought for a moment, and then looked deep into her eyes.  He smiled. 
"Perhaps it would be good to talk of it," he said.  "I never told anyone
about it before, and since you told me all, I would be a hypocrite if I
don't tell you what you want to know, but yo must agree to keep it between
us alone."

Marcy nodded her head.  Ron sat back, and told his story.

"First off," Ronald began, "I'm the only natural child my parents ever had. 
Before I was born, my parents thought they couldn't have children.  Since
they wanted kids, they decided to adopt a child, but as fate would have it,
the very day they signed the papers for my sister, my mother learned she was
pregnant with me.  As a result, my sister, Sandy, is less then a year older
than myself.  They decided they could love two children as much as one, and
that they did.  They never cared for one more than the other.  My sister and
I became very close, and even to this day, we are."

"Until the time I was twelve," Ronald went on, "our mother stayed home with
us, but then our mother decided she wanted to go back to work.  We had no
problems with it, and when we started back for the fall semester, she got
herself a job in a marketing firm, and went to work.  It was strange to come
home to an empty house, but we soon adjusted to it, and carried on.  My sis-
ter and I became rather good cooks because of it.  When the summer vacation
came on, that's when things were different.  If it was raining outside, we
couldn't go out.  Before we would go to the museum, or the library, but now
Sandy and I would watch television, or play together."

"By now, I was thirteen, and she fourteen," Ronald said.  "At that age, you
get pretty cocky.  I guess that had a lot to do with it.  We were watching a
movie where the heroin was tied to a tree and gagged, setting the trap bait
for the hero to walk into.  My sister made a remark that the girl could get
free, if she really wanted to.  One thing led to another, until I made the
comment betting her she couldn't get away either.  `Oh, yeah, I bet I
could,' she said.  I, of course, replied she couldn't, so I told her to put
up or shut up.  She agreed to the challenge, and went to the basement.  I
got a piece of rope, and tied her wrist around the support post."

"She got free in a matter of moments, and proceeded to tell me so," Ronald
continued.  "I said she got lucky, and couldn't do it again.  Again she ac-
cepted, and I retied her.  This time, I did a much better job, and she
couldn't get free.  This time, she said I got lucky, and we were even, so we
made a contest.  I would tie her five more times.  If she could get out of
three, she won and I would make her lunch for the rest of the week, but if
she didn't, she would do the same for me.  It turned out, she only got out
of one."

"Well, that night, I had trouble sleeping," Ronald went on.  "I kept thing
about what we did, and how I could improve upon my talents.  I thought of
new way of tying her, some of which were impossible to do, but the one thing
I knew I needed was a lot more rope to work with, cut into shorter lengths."

"The next morning, I got on my bike, and rode down to the hardware store,"
Ronald said.  "I bought two-hundred and fifty feet of soft, white rope.  I
remembered the marks the other kind made on her wrists, and I wanted to
spare her from that.  I remember standing in line, thinking everyone knew
why I was buying this stuff.  When I got home, my sister wasn't there, so it
was easy to get the materials into the house and prepared.  I cut the rope
into six and ten foot lengths, and two lengths of twenty five feet each.  I
even remembered to burn the ends to keep them from fraying."

"Sandy came home around one o'clock," Ronald continued.  "I asked her if she
wanted to get even and bet double or nothing.  She agreed.  Thinking about
it, I really believe that, even at that early of an age, she was getting
into it, and liking it.  We went to the basement, and I pulled out all of my
ropes.  She almost popped her eyes out when she saw it.  At first she said
no way, but I said a bet was a bet, and she went along with it.  This time,
it was a best of seven contest.  Again she lost, and was stuck in each one. 
I even took her upstairs, and tied her to the coffee table and a kitchen
chair."

"Well, from then on, we play bondage a lot," Ronald said.  "Most of the
time, she was the bound victim, and me the rope worker.  Once in a while,
she would tie me, but she wasn't very good at it, and I usually got free in
the matter of minutes, but since she liked to be bound and foot, and I liked
to do the tying, that's how we played most.  We would played little surprise
attacks on one another.  I would catch her sitting in a chair or something,
and tied her up tight.  Sex had nothing to do with it.  We played because we
both enjoyed it."

"I even remember the first time I used a gag on her," Ronald continued.  "I
had caught her laying on the floor, watching television.  I tied her wrists
behind her back, tied her ankles and knees together, and wound length of
rope up and down her body, but she was crabby that day, and complained the
whole time.  I told her the longer she grumbled, the longer she would be
bound.  That didn't stop her.  At last, I warned her that if she didn't stop
complaining, I would gag her.  It seemed she didn't take me serious, so I
got one of her bandannas, shoved it into her mouth, and tied the ends behind
her head.  She tied to shake it out of her mouth, and work it free, but she
had no luck what so ever.  After about an hour, I finally released her.  I
expected her to be mad, but she wasn't, surprising.  She said she liked it. 
The gag removed the last bit of freedom she had, making it more exciting and
fun.  She remarked that she didn't think I would have done it, and that she
would believe me from now on.  From then on, we seemed to use gags more and
more until it was use constantly."

"When school started again, we continued to play when we were bored," Ronald
said.  "We knew our parents wouldn't approve of it, so we hid it from them. 
To this very day, it's still our little secret.  We tried new things, and I
even invented a few gadgets of wood and leather."

Marcy had been listening very intently.  She really did not see what was so
bad about the whole thing.  "From what you told me," she said, "I don't see
anything wrong.  It's just a couple of kids playing a different kind of
game."

"Well, now we come to the...  Well, I guess you might call it, the darkest
part," Ronald explained.  "We continued to play for several years.  In the
summer vacation, when I was fifteen, and she was sixteen, thing took a
strange turn."

"Sandy was outside one morning, sun tanning, wearing just a string bikini,"
Ronald said.  "I decided she needed a good roping.  So I went up to her
room, and called out the window that she had a phone call.  I knew she would
take it in her room, so I hid behind the bedroom door.  She came in and pic-
ked up the phone laying on the bed.  When she found no one there, she hung
it up, and I jump.  I wrestled her onto the bed, and tied her wrists to the
headboard.  Her bed was a four poster kind, and lent itself perfectly to
bondage.  We had used it several times before.  With her hands secured, I
shoved a hanky into her mouth and covered it with a scarf.  I then tied her
ankles to the other posts, with her legs spread apart."

"With her full tied down, I sat in a chair and watched her," Ronald went on. 
"For several minutes, she struggled to get free, and grunted and groaned in
her struggle, but after a few moments, her fight seemed to change.  Her
breathing was faster, and her grunts turned to moans.  I watched her body
move around, finding myself strangely unable to look away.  It was then I
realized the erection in my pants.  A first I didn't know why I had one, but
I looked over at my sister.  For the first time I noticed her full breasts,
her sharply legs, and her fleshy buttocks.  I realized that she was no lon-
ger just my sister, but she had become a woman."

"I moved over to the bed," Ronald continued.  "I thought that I better re-
lease her, but instead I moved in for a closer look at her.  She looked up
at me, still twisting and squirming her body.  She made soft groans and
would close her eyes.  I didn't know it then, but what she was doing was
tell me she was horny and excited.  I still was a virgin, but I could tell
she was aroused.  The next thing I know, my hands are lightly caressing her
body.  She closed her eyes, and let my touch roll over her.  I looked at her
breasts, and just had to hold them.  I gently rolled my hands over them, and
she moaned very deeply.  I wanted to see them, so I untied the string bikini
covering them, and pulled her top off.  Her nipples were hard, and they were
so soft to hold and play with.  She didn't once resist me.  She laid on the
bed, with her arms and legs tied, her mouth gagged, and enjoying everything
I was doing to her.  For several minutes, I played with her chest, and she
loved it."

"Finally, I wanted to see under her panties," Ronald said.  "At that point,
I really didn't care what she wanted or not.  It was what I wanted now.  She
couldn't resist, and I took advantage of it.  I untied the strings and pul-
led her panties off.  That was the first time I ever saw the flesh of a wo-
man.  My fingers just naturally played with her.  I remembered how hot she
was, and thought there might be something wrong.  Her juices were flowing by
now, and she seemed to be twisting and moaning more and more.  I was rubbing
her clit, and sucking on one of her nipples.  For some reason, I couldn't
stop."

"It was then her whole body tightened, and she groaned loudly into her gag,
then her whole body shock violently," Ronald went on.  "I thought I did
something wrong, and stopped.  After a minute, she was just laying there,
breathing deeply, making soft little sighs.  I pulled the gag from her mouth
to see if she was all right, but instead of her yelling at me, or being up-
set, she smiled, and sighed.  `That was wonderful,' she said.  I looked at
her not knowing what I had done.  She must have realized it, because she
giggled and asked me if I had ever seem a girl cum before."

"I quickly untied her from the bed," Ronald said.  "I expected her to put on
her clothes, or tell me to get out.  I fact, I was about to leave, when she
told me it was all right, and we should talk about it.  I was nervous, feel-
ing like I had done something wrong, but at the same time, I felt like I had
really made her happy.  He words were soothing and she confessed the fact
that she had enjoyed it, and she was pleased.  She began to tell me a lot of
things.  She wasn't a slut, but she was no a virgin either, and she told me
all the things a man and a woman could do for one another.  I felt myself
getting excited, and my erection getting bigger.  She then ran her fingers
over my crouch, and told me she would like to show me what she was talking
about."

"She told be that it was okay, and to take my clothes off," Ronald continu-
ed.  "I took of my shoes, and shirt, but stopped when it came to take off my
pants.  She came over to me, again said it was all right to be nervous, and
kissed me deeply on the lips.  It was my first real kiss, and my head was
spinning.  Before I knew it, my pants and underwear were at my ankles, my
arms around her, and she had my erection in her hands, gently stocking it,
making it even bigger.  She led be to the bed, and removed the clothes from
my ankles.  My emotions took over from there, and I suppressed any thoughts
of wrong doing from my head.  We laid in each others arms, kissing and feel-
ing one another.  I almost flipped when she began to kiss my chest, and then
suck on my cock, but it all felt so wonderful, and she was so gentle with
me.  Within a few minutes, I felt my orgasm build, and shot off.  Sandy took
every drop down her throat."

"I laid there, exhausted for a few minutes," Ronald went on.  "Sandy got up
and went to the bathroom, then came back and laid down next to me.  Before I
knew it, we were necking again, and I was hard once more.  She was surprised
how fast I was able to get it up again.  A little while later, she showed me
the experience of going inside her.  I remember moving my hips with hers,
and the wild feelings of pleasure I had.  Sandy was also enjoying it, moving
with me, and came before I did.  I shot my second load deep inside her. 
Even when I went soft, I didn't pull out.  All I wanted to do was lay there
naked with her."

"After a while, we got dressed and made lunch," Ronald said.  "We talked
quite a bit.  She was so gentle, and I felt so guilty.  I was worried that
we would get caught, or she would get pregnant, but she reassured me no one
would know, that she would tell a soul, and she was on the pill.  She con-
fessed how much she enjoyed teaching me, and how much she enjoyed what we
did.  I told her the same.  After lunch, she cleaned herself up, and we went
back up to her room.  There, we stripped naked, and for the rest of the
afternoon, she showed me all the wonderful things a woman and a man can do
together.  Never before had I felt so much love between two people.  She
showed me how to please a woman, and how a woman could please a man."

"Over the next two years, we spent a lot of time in our bedroom," Ronald
continued.  "It wasn't really a perverted thing.  We explored one another,
played with one another, tried new thing together.  Bondage was a big part
of it.  Sometimes, I would tie her for hours, teasing her into huge orgasms. 
Other times, she would be on her knees, with her wrists tied behind her
back, and my erection sliding into her mouth.  For some reason, it felt so
natural that we would learn about sex from one another.  Our parents never
found out.  I don't think they even suspected a thing.  We never took many
chances.  Once in a while, we would sneak into one another room, and lay
together for a while, but even when we did go all the way, I felt it was all
right."

"As we grew up, we did things less and less, until we stopped completely,"
Ronald said, winding up the story.  "We didn't say we should stop, we just
did.  To this day, I don't have any guilty feelings, and Sandy has told me
she doesn't.  To be honest with you, I don't think I ever will have any
quilt.  I seems to me that it was the best way I could have had to learn
about relationships.  Well, that's my story.  Please tell me what you are
thinking."

Marcy did not say a word for a moment.  She sat there thing about his story. 
At last she spoke, asking, "Where is she now?"

"Out in Texas," Ronald answered.  "She's married to a great guy name Robert. 
They met in collage, and were married after they graduated.  They have two
kids, and seem to be very happy together."

"Do you see them much?," Marcy asked.

"A few times a year," Ronald answered.  "I'll fly down and spoil her kids
rotten.  I've brought them up here twice.  The kids have even spent a couple
of months with me during the summers."

Marcy thought for a moment, and then said, "Do you still...  Well..."

"I know what you mean," Ronald replied.  "No, we don't.  We both have no
desire to.  We talk about what we had done before when we are alone, but
never have we thought about doing in again.  I guess the two of them get
into little games of there own.  She's happy in her marriage, and I'm happy
for her."

Marcy was silent for a moment.  Ronald thought that she thought less of him
now.  He thought maybe he should have not told the story, or at least,
changed it around a little, but a last, she spoke again.  "What a wonderful
story," she said.  "What love she must of had for you, to show you all those
things so you know what to do later in life."

"You didn't find it a little strange?," Ronald asked.

"No, not really," Marcy answered.  "You weren't really blood relations.  I
guess it would be more difficult to understand if you were, but it seems to
me that you two showed more love and emotions to one another than most sib-
lings do.  You just were more physical about it, and more open."

"Do you really see it like that?," Ronald asked.

"Yes, I do," Marcy answered.  "I'm sure that in most cases, a brother would
think about doing it with his attractive sister, and vice versa.  It proba-
ble happens more often that we think it does, but in your case, I see no-
thing deeply wrong with it."

"I'm glad you think that way," Ronald said with a smile.

"I really do think that way," Marcy responded.

Ronald wrapped his arms around her, and the cuddled there for several min-
utes.  There lips met one another several times.  "Have you ever made love
on a leather couch before?," he asked.

"No, but there's a first time for everything," Marcy answered.

He pushed her down onto the couch and laid on top of her.  The passionately
kissed as the pressed the hips together.  He pulled of her sweater and
jeans.  He continued to undress her until she was naked.  He also pulled of
his clothes and laid on top of her again.

By now, Marcy was very hot and Greenfield was very hard.  They rolled their
naked bodies around on the soft leather.  It was very erotic for Marcy.  The
sounds and sensations the leather made to her skin made her even more excit-
ed.

He kissed her neck, licked her thighs, sucked on her nipples, and played
with her clit.  She kissed his chest, caressed his ass, and stroked his
cock.  They played with one another, both moaning and groaning as the sen-
sations flooded their bodies.

At last, when neither could take much more, her pushed his erection into
her.  She wrapped her legs around his, and began to rock back and forth as
he slid in and out of her.  She came quickly, and was fast building up to
another.  Greenfield held back as long as he could, wanting her to cum
again.

At last, he could hold back, and shot another massive load into her.  That
was enough to send Marcy over the edge for the second time.  Again they had
cum together, and each time, it felt better than the prior.

They laid on the couch, slowly kissing with his softening cock still inside
her.  In a few minutes, he was hard again, and willing to go once more, but
she stopped him before he could get to far.

"Could we, maybe, play out a fantasy of mine?," Marcy asked.

"If you like," Ronald answered.  "What is it?"

"Let me surprise you," Marcy answered.  "I need to get into the dressing
room, and to the servant's changing room."

"Very well," Ronald said, and pulled on his clothes.  "Here are the keys
that will need, and where are we to meet?"

"I'll meet you in the billiard room in one hour," Marcy said.  "Bring lots
of rope, some leather restraints, and a black ball gag."

"Very well," Ronald replied.  "Just remember, young lady, it's still the
weekend.  You are still a prisoner of the law, and you haven't made parole
yet."

"Yes, your honor," Marcy said with a smile, and went on her way.

She went to the servants changing room and collected up what she needed. 
She then made a stop in the kitchen to pick up one more item.  She then pro-
ceeded to the dressing room to change into her outfit.  She had to hurry. 
She did not want to keep her master waiting long.

Greenfield put down the book her was reading.  He really did not get much
read.  He kept thinking of what Marcy was up to.  What did she need from the
servants chambers, and what was her fantasy.  The hour was finally up, and
he would soon find out.

He went to the playpen and collected the items listed before and placed them
in the tan bag.  He then went to the billiards room.  The lights were on
over the table, and the balls were racked.  Marcy was no where to be found,
but he did find a note on the center of the table addressed to him.  He
opened it and read it.  It was from Marcy.  The note read, "This is what I
was thinking of when you met me here on Friday night.  I will be the little
wench who has been teasing you for weeks.  You are the master who has had
enough of it.  Seeing you opportunity, you seize me and proceed to teach me
a hard lesion.  Tie me tight using the items in this room so I can't get
free.  Gag me so the other help can hear me.  Do things to my body while I
can't resist.  Do whatever you want to show me what happens to bad girls
when the tease.  Make me an obedient servant.  I'm yours you use."

Greenfield was impressed.  Now he knew that this girl would do anything for
him, and would enjoy doing it.  He finally met a girl that could steal his
heart away.  At last, maybe he could be happy with someone.

He folded up the note, put into his pocket, and placed his bag in a cup-
board.  He then picked up a cue, and broke the rack.  Greenfield was a good
pool player, and could make some tough shots.  He completed one game, re-
racked, and started a second when Marcy finally entered.

She was wearing her cocktail waitress uniform.  The outfit was made of black
satin with white lace trim.  The skirt was short, and the neckline was low,
pushing her breasts up and almost out of the outfit.  The skirt barely
covered the tops of her black seemed stockings, and she walked on the black
five inch spiked heels.  She wore the little lace bonnet on her head, white
lace fingerless gloves, and carried a pink feather duster.

She made a little sound of surprise when she entered the room, and talked in
an almost little girls voice.

"Oooh, I'm sorry, Mr Greenfield," Marcy said, starting the fantasy.  "I did
not know you were here."

"That's all right," Ronald replied.  "Continue with your work."

"Yes, sir," Marcy said.  "I'll just need to dust a little bit.  I won't
long."  She walked around the room, brushing the tables and lamps with the
feather duster.  When something was low, she would bend at the waist and
give him a view of her ass.  She was not wearing panties, and the black gar-
ter straps crossed her behind at just the right places.

Ronald made another shot, and looked at her, saying, "Where's the other
help?"

"Oh, they're on the other side on the house," Marcy said.  "I don't think
they'll disturb you, sir."

"I'm glad to hear that," Ronald said as he put the cue down, walked over to
the door and locked it.

"What are you doing that for, sir?," Marcy asked.

"Because," Ronald said in a firm tone, "it's time for you to learn a lesson
about teasing men, namely me."

"Oooh, what do you mean, sir?," Marcy said in a little voice as he got out
his little bag a gadgets.

"I mean that you have been parading around here, showing off that little
body of yours, giving every man in the house a hardon," Ronald said.  "It's
time for you to learn the real meaning of the word servant."  He pulled out
a pair of leather wrist cuffs.

"What are you going to do with that, sir?," Marcy asked.

"This is a very interesting little device," Ronald said.  "It's going to
keep you from resisting anything I want to do you."  He grabbed her wrists
and pulled them behind her back.  Marcy gave a half hearted struggle, but
soon her wrists were strapped into the cuffs.  Next, he pulled out a black
ball gag with leather straps.

"What's that, sir?," Marcy cooed.

"Something to keep you from asking to many questions," Ronald said.  He
shoved the ball into her mouth and buckled the straps behind her head.

Her ankles her encircled with leather cuffs that had a short chain between
them.  She could walk if she took very short steps.  As she struggled, he
then pulled out one more thing, a leather collar.

Marcy looked at it and tried to step back, but she could not move fast
enough.  He got a hold of her, and placed the collar around her neck, buck-
ling it under her chin.  The attached leather strap was looped around her
wrist cuffs, and buckled.  Thus, her wrists were pulled up to the middle of
her back.

The collar was tight, but not enough to cut of her breathing.  It was a
strange feeling for her.  The collar was a symbol of his domination over
her.  She felt completely under his control.

Lastly, he took a thin, smooth, silver chain, snapped it to the collar ring,
ran it down between her legs, up the back, pulled it tight, and attached the
other end to the wrist cuffs.

He released her and sat down in the chair in front of her.  Her fingers
fluttered, trying to reach a buckle, but had no luck.  She tried to free her
wrists from the straps hold them pinned to her back, but failed.  She grunt-
ed into her gag, making a plead to him to release her, but the master just
sat, watching her useless struggles, with a smile on his face and a bulge in
his pants.

She understood why the chain was between her legs.  Every time she moved her
wrists, the chain would move across her clit, teasing her and making her
hot.  The more she struggled, the more excited she got.

For several minutes she stood struggling.  He spoke to her, asking her if
the strap were tight enough, or should he tighten them a little more.  He
asked her if she felt tied down in the job.  With each question, she strug-
gled a little more.

He then pulled her over to him, and made her lay over his knees, with her
ass sticking up to him.

"This is for being a little tease," Ronald said as he lifted up her skirt,
and started to spank her behind.

Marcy did not expect him to do this.  Though he did not hit her to hard, it
still stung a little, and the slapping sounded worse that it hurt.  He did
more grouping that spanking, rubbing his hand over her ass, then slapping
it.  This he kept up for several minutes before stopping and placing her
back on her feet again.

She stood for a few minutes before dropping to her knees.  She tried again
to free herself, but again failed.  She the laid on the floor, using a new
idea.  She rolled around, and put on a show for the master.  The chain still
caressed her clit, driving her wild.  Her grunts became moans.  If she kept
it up, she just might cum.

Ronald came over to Marcy, and knelt next to her.  His hand ran up and down
her legs, over her chest, and under skirt.  "If you do everything you are
told," he said, "I might help you get off.  If not, you're going to be
squirming around for quite some time.  Are you going to cooperate?"

She nodded her head and grunted yes into her gag.  He placed her on her
knees, and ran another chain from her collar to her ankles, placing her into
a vertical hog-tie.  She had a good idea of what was ensuing next.

Ronald stood in front of her, with his hands on his waist.  "You know what's
coming, don't you?," he said.

Marcy nodded her head, and nuzzled her nose in his crotch.

"You better do it right," Ronald warned, "or else I'll make you hornier than
you've ever been before, and then leave to squirm for hours."  Even the way
he was talking made her more excited.  She was really getting into the fan-
tasy, and so he seem to be also.

He opened his pants, and pulled out his hardon.  It seemed to be pulsating
as her stroked even bigger.  Marcy rubber her gagged mouth over it, trying
to get it in her.  Greenfield pulled the gag out, and replaced it with his
rod.

Marcy started to pump it like crazy.  She expected him to pull it out, like
he did before, but instead, he placed his hand on the sides of her head, and
let her go.  He groaned as she slid her lips up and down him.

"You do this well," Ronald moaned to her.  Marcy was even groaning now.  The
chain was rubbing her clit closer and closer to an orgasm.  She pumped fas-
ter and faster, trying to make him cum, and hoping the same for herself.

It would not happen for her this time.  Greenfield felt his load boil up,
ready to explode.

"Swallow every drop," Ronald told her.  Within a few seconds, he shot his
load into her mouth.  Marcy took him in deep, and swallowed like crazy.  She
took every drop he released.  It tasted so good to her.

When at last he stopped, he pulled up his pants, and replaced the gag in her
mouth.  He sat down in the chair and watch the girl struggle in her chains
again.

"You do that well, my dear," Ronald said.  "I could let you do that all
night.  Maybe I should make you wait until I can do that again."

Marcy thought he just might.  He seemed to like it when she gave him head. 
She also thought he might make her squirm some more.

"I have other plans for you, though," Ronald said.  "I can always come back
to it later if I want."  He came over and unhooked the chain from her ank-
les.  He picked her up and carried her over to the pool table.  There he
deposited her on the green velvet.

"My, what an interesting game of pool would this make," Ronald said as his
hand ran over her legs.  She squirmed under his touch.  She was so close to
cumming.  She needed that little itch taken care of.

He picked up his bag, grabbed two cues, and came back to her.  He unhooked
the chain from her wrists and collar, and rolled her onto her stomach. 
Again he caressed her ass and legs.  He told her how much he liked her body,
and he planned on getting to know more of it.  Shivers of pleasure ran up
her spine.

Ronald took off her ankle cuffs, and pulled the gag out of her mouth.  "I'm
going to take off you wrist restraints," he said.  "Don't try anything."  He
released her wrists and told her to sit up on the table.  Once she was seat-
ed, she rubbed her wrists and ankles.  The cuff had left them red.  "Now,
you will do exactly as I say," he ordered.

"Ooohh, yes, sir," Marcy replied, nodding her head.

"Take off your dress," Ronald ordered.

"Ooohh," Marcy said in her little voice, "but I'm not wearing any undies."

"I know," Ronald said.  "That's why it's called being naked."

Marcy pulled down the zipper, and lifted the dress over her head.  Her nip-
ples stood up hard.  She was only left wearing were her garter-belt, stock-
ings, heels, and the collar.  He then ordered her to lay down on the top of
the table, face up.

He pulled her arms above her head and spread them apart.  Using lengths of
rope, he tied her wrists to a pool cue.  Another length of rope ran from the
middle of the cue to the legs of the table.  He then drew her taut, and
spread her legs apart.  More rope bound her ankles to another cue, rapping
around her heels, and still another secured the cue to the other legs of the
table.  She was now tied spread-eagle on top of the table.

Thereupon, he shoved a cloth into her mouth, and covered it with a black
silk scarf, tying the ends behind her head.  He stepped back and watch his
captive struggle.

"Yes," Ronald said, "a very interesting game of pool this makes."

She tried to free herself from her ropes.  Her fingers tried to reach the
knots, but her out of her reach.  Even if she could reach, they were too
tight for her to loosed.  She writhed on top of the table, with the sole
light shining down on her, moaning softly into her gag.  The master laughed.

Since he stood outside the light, she could not see him for a few moments,
but she knew he was there, watching her wiggle on the table, the full focus
of his interest.  She felt his eyes upon her, taking in her shackled body. 
The anticipation was driving her wild.  What would he do.  When would he do
it.  What sensations would she feel.

She felt his fingers lightly touch her ankles.  Shivers ran up her spine
again.  His fingers slowly moved up her silk covered legs, lightly rubbing
and stroking them.  Marcy softly moaned into her gag.

His fingers lightly ran up the inside of her thighs.  Her body shivered with
excitement.  His finger lightly ran up the sides oh her body, over her chest
and neck.  He had a wonderful touch.  Each time he touched her, chills of
pleasure would surge through her body.

His fingers found her breasts.  At first, he lightly ran his fingers over
her hard nipples.  Then, he started to caress them, then lightly roll them
between fingers.  His hand squeezed and groped them.  Marcy was getting so
hot.  At last, his lips kissed and sucked on them.  She was in heaven.

As he sucked on her hard nipples, his fingers made their way down to her
crotch.  He played with her clit, making her even more excited.  He pushed
two fingers into her and slowly fucked her with them.  Marcy felt her orgasm
build up to a tremendous level.

Greenfield must have been a mind reader.  Just as she was about to cum, he
removed his fingers, and just lightly played with her.  Marcy moaned deeply. 
She was hanging on the edge, and that was where he kept her for several min-
utes.

Marcy thrashed around as far as her restraints would allow.  She moaned and
groaned, hopping her muffled pleads would tell him how excited she was, and
how much she wanted to cum.

He then stopped playing with her altogether.  She silently pleaded with him
not to, but instead, he moved his lips down to her clit, and lightly kissed
it.  The feel of his hot breath on her drove her crazy.  He continued to
kiss and tongue her, keeping her on the edge of her orgasm.  She indeed was
learning a lesion on teasing.

After what seemed to be an eternity, His fingers rolled her nipples, and his
tongue plunged into her.  At last, she felt herself build up to the point of
no stopping.  Her climax hit her like a tidal wave.  She tightened and shook
her body, and really screamed a moan into her gag.  It was the longest or-
gasms she ever have.  She just kept cumming and cumming, as he lapped her
juices up.

Finally, it was over.  She laid on the table exhausted and satisfied.  She
was breathing hard and deep.  Her whole body tingled with pleasure.  By far,
this had been the best of this weekend.

Greenfield untied her legs from the cue.  He untied her wrist from the other
cue and let her lay there for some time, but he did not remove the gag. 
Marcy just laid there, relishing the feelings that flowed through her body.

After a few minutes, he came over and rolled the girl over.  Her wrists were
pulled behind her back and tied together with rope.  More rope tightly tied
Her ankles together.  He then picked her up and carried her over to the
couch.  There, he laid her down again, and began to lightly run his fingers
over her shoulders, her back, and her behind.

Again, her body tingled where he touched her.  She felt a new wave of ex-
citement run through her.  Her nipples were getting hard, and her cunt was
getting hot once more.

He rolled her over, and continued to play with her.  Each minute, she grew
more and more excited.

At last, he stripped of his clothes, untied her ankles, pick her up, seated
himself on the couch, and placed her on his lap facing him, with her legs
straddling him.  She felt his hardon pressing against her clit.  She squirm-
ed on top of him, wanting it inside her.  His hands played with her chest as
moaned deeply into the gag.  If her hand were free, she would have pushed
him down and screwed him like mad.

Just when she could not take anymore, he lifted her up, and slid his cock
into her.  She immediately started to hump him like crazy, riding him like a
horse.  She pushed down hard, trying to get him in deeper and deeper.  She
moaned loud and long.

His hand roamed over her body, going from her chest to her ass.  Marcy mind
was a whirl as he moved his hips to match hers.  They both felt themselves
getting closer and closer to their own climaxes.

Marcy came first, screaming a load groan into her gag.  Greenfield was now
humping like mad, and moaning himself.  Within a few seconds, he grabbed her
ass, held her down on his rod, and shot his load deep into her.  Marcy head
fell back as she felt his load hit inside her.

She was exhausted.  She sat on his lap, making soft moans through her gag. 
Greenfield lifted her off himself and laid her on the cough.  He slipped on
his clothes, and knelt beside the girl and tied her ankles together.

"That's your lesson on teasing for today," Ronald whispered into her ear as
he retied her ankles and knees.  "If you ever want another one, you know
where to find one, and how to get it."

Ronald stood up, walked over to the pool table, and racked the balls.  Marcy
laid on the couch quietly and motionless.  She just relaxed, and allowed him
to complete her fantasy.  He shot another game of pool before coming back
over to her.  "Was that what you wanted?," he asked as her removed her gag.

"Oh, YES!," Marcy cooed.  "It was, and more.  You played every part per-
fect."

"So did you," Ronald responded as he untied the ropes that held her body. 
"Might I add that this was somewhat a fantasy of my own.  I couldn't ask for
a more attractive servant to play it out with."

She sat up and wrapped her arms around him.  For several minutes, the did
not move.  They just sat on the couch, holding one another.  At last, the
broke apart and Marcy went to change into some regular clothing.

The meet him in the den, where a small tray of cold meats and cheeses was
waiting for them.  They ate the morsels, and drank the white wine.  The tal-
ked together, mostly about the past two days.  She admired all the ideas he
had come up with, and explained why certain ones were better that the oth-
ers.

When they were finished, Greenfield look distant for several minutes.  Marcy
knew he was thinking over something.  She did not interrupt him, for she was
wondering what was going to happen next.  Would he fire her over knowing to
many of his secrets.  Would he expect her to do this when ever he wanted
her.  At last he spoke.

"Marcy," Ronald said, "you are planning on going back to school, aren't
you?"

"Yes, I am, when I can afford it," Marcy replied.  "It's so expensive."

"How much schooling do you have left?," Ronald asked.

"About another two years," Marcy answered.  "Why are you asking?"

"I think you should go back the next semester," Ronald said.  "The sooner,
the better, before you forget what they've already taught you."

"I would, but I can't afford it right now," Marcy replied.  "Maybe in a year
or so."

"So you would go back in the fall, if you could?," Ronald asked.

"Yes," Marcy answered.  "Why all the questions?"

"Because," Ronald said, "I want to know what you want before I offer some-
thing.  I want to pay for your schooling, and whatever else you need to go
back to school."

Marcy was surprised.  "It's a generous offer," she said, "but I...  I
couldn't let you."

"Why?," Ronald asked.  "Because you think I'm trying to make you a kept wo-
man?"

"I know it's not that," Marcy answered, "but it certainly would look like
it, wouldn't it."

"It might," Ronald said, "but I see it a little different than that."

"All right, I'll bite," Marcy said.  "How do you see it?"

"It's very simple," Ronald replied.  "One, I'm very attracted to you.  I
wish to keep on seeing you, if you want me to."

"I do," Marcy said, "and I want to continue to see you."

"I'm happy to hear that," Ronald said.  "Second, I couldn't continue to see
you if you are still employed by me.  I don't mean to sound pompous, or
snobby, but think of how that would look from both sides of the issue.  From
my point, I'm keeping you for a plaything.  From your point, you're looking
for an easy ticket.  How both of our friends would talk."

"Yes, I see your point," Marcy said, "so far."

"Good," Ronald replied.  "This is how we solve the problem.  You would no
longer work for me.  That way, it ends a lot of talk, and saves a lot of
embarrassment for both of us.  You get to complete your education.  I'll
give you the money for school, a place to stay and study, and a large bank
account to support yourself on, but more important, I'll be able to continue
to see you."

"It's a most generous offer," Marcy said.  "Where would I stay?"

"Here, if you like," Ronald answered.

"Oh, wouldn't THAT give plenty of fuel for gossip!," Marcy said.

"All right," Ronald replied.  "I'll get you your own place, either on cam-
pus, or a place near by.  Would that be better."

"It would, but Ronald, I don't know," Marcy said.

"But what, my dear?," Ronald asked.

"I would feel so guilty taking all that from you," Marcy said.  "I would
feel like a tramp or a hustler."

"Nonsense!," Ronald protested.  "I offer it to you for selfish reasons. 
I've never meet anyone like you.  I feel as though you've stolen my heart. 
I know it's been such a short time we've been together.  I can't explain it,
but I hope you believe me, and feel the same way I do."

"Oh, Ronald, I do," Marcy said.  "I truly do, but I'm just afraid I won't be
able to live up to your standards.  I would probably fail you, one way or
another."

"You give yourself too little credit," Ronald replied.  "It's I who would
fail you, and not be able to live up to your standards.  Your someone
special, and very dear to me."

"What happens if we don't make it together?," Marcy asked.

"I've already thought of that," Ronald answered.  "I'll set up an account
for you, in your name only.  I'll put enough in there to cover the rest of
your schooling and plenty to live on for a few years.  That way, if we don't
work out, you'll be safe and secure for a good while.  Does that help you
feel better?"

"It's not the money I'm worried about," Marcy said.  "I just don't want to
disappoint you, or hurt you.  All I want right now is to make you happy, and
go on making you happy."

"At this moment, I am very happy, and I want to do the same for you," Ronald
replied.  "This way, I can go on trying, and at the same time, make myself
happy.  Does that make sense to you?"

"Yes, it does," Marcy answered, "but couldn't I just move out, and get an-
other job or something.  That would solve a lot of problems."

"It might, but not completely," Ronald answered.  "This way, you are sure of
making it.  A good education, a place to stay, and a guy like me to spoil
you rotten."  He laughed.

Marcy laughed to.  "All right, you win," she said.  "If it's the only way to
keep you around, I can live with it, but I want to work the month through
before we start, and I will use my own money to help make the payments.  Is
that fair?"

"Fair enough," Ronald said as he wrapped his arms around her.

They held one another for some time before they spoke again.  The afternoon
was now early evening.  Greenfield felt it was time to end the weekend, and
allow his captive a night in her own bed.

"Well," Ronald said, "a very interesting imprisonment you have had this
weekend, young lady.  Do you feel like you've fulfilled your debt to soci-
ety?"

"An early parole, your honor?," Marcy asked.

"Call it a work release program," Ronald said, "but I think you may need to
serve one or two more nights in jail this week."

"Maybe for the weekend too, your honor," Marcy replied.  "I like it here."

"Very well," Ronald said.  "Your free until so ordered back this week, but
report here this Friday night for you weekend confinement."

"Oh, thank you, your honor," Marcy replied.  "I'll be here."

"Case dismissed," Ronald said.  "Come to my chambers, young lady."

"Can't I just give the judge a blow-job here in court?," Marcy asked as she
stroked the hardon in his pants.

"It would please the court," Ronald answered as she opened his pants and
slowly stroked his manhood.  Within a minute, she was kneeling in front of
him, with his hard member in her mouth, sucking and licking him.  As he shot
his load, Marcy was amazed on how many times he could cum in a single day.

After they were finished, he took her out to her car.  Marcy's uniform was
in the front seat.  They kissed deeply, not wanting the day to end, but at
last, the broke apart, and she drove home.  That night, she slept in her own
bed, wishing he was next to her.

During the next week, Marcy continued to perform her duties.  She gave her
notice of leaving at the end of the month.  Greenfield did not act like any-
thing had happened, which Marcy thanked him for.  Only when they were total-
ly alone did they pass flirting glances and jesters at one another, but for
the most part, things went on as usual.

On Wednesday, Greenfield came up to the Head Maid and told her to have Marcy
clean the Billiard room after her other work was finished.  The last thing
she did was clean the room.  Greenfield slipped in, and snuck her up to his
private bedroom, where they made love for an hour.  By then, the other help
had left, and they could slip into the playpen.  Marcy spent the part of the
night there, stripped naked, and in ropes, chains and leather straps.  Again
and again, she climaxed by the skillful hands of the master.

Shortly past midnight, she was allowed to dress and leave for home.  It was
hard to leave, but for now they had to play these sneaky games.  Rumors
would run wild if they did not.

On Friday night, Marcy left for home early, but returned after the other
help had left.  She spent the entire weekend there, which will fill another
story in itself.

The following weekend, he took the his prisoner up to a lake cottage for a
weekend.  Again they had to sneak to do it, but that became part of the fun. 
They spent the time relaxing, boating, dancing, and of course, bondage.

On Saturday night, he stripped her naked, laid her down in the warm sand,
tied her wrists to a tree, spread her legs and tied them to a tree branch. 
He filled her mouth with a cloth gag.  He licked on her clit under the moon-
light for an hour, bring her to several orgasms.  He then rammed himself
into her, exploding his hot cum deep inside her.  One Sunday, she spent an
hour gagged and tied to the sailboats mast, only wearing her swimsuit and
high heels, as they sailed around the lake.

At the end of the month, Marcy left the house.  For the next month, she
spent her time getting ready for the fall semester.  On weekends, Greenfield
picked her up and took her out dancing and to classy dinner parties.  On
week nights, the spent time at her place, watching television, and making
love.

The decided not to use the playpen until she was back in school, and could
come over without the help getting into an uproar.  After the first night
Marcy came to the house, one of the younger girls made a comment about the
tramp.  Greenfield came down on her, and instructed her to make an apology
to Marcy or be fired.  After that, not another word was spoken.

Greenfield did not push himself on her.  If she had the time, they would see
each other.  When she needed to study, he stayed away.  He also encouraged
her to spent plenty of time with her own friend, and got along with them
when they would get together.  For the next two years, they became very
close, but still with their own identities.

After Marcy graduated, she got herself a good job at a small company. 
Greenfield had started a small company of his own, doing consulting work. 
For then next year, the worked on their wedding plans.  After they were mar-
ried, they spent a lot of time together, and took weekend trips up to the
mountains, and out to the lake.

The playpen was use almost every weekend, and even a few nights a week. 
They added some things, and made a few improvements over the months.  Marcy
acquired a large assortment of attire for wearing while playing.  From a
leather jumpsuit, to a lace body sock, to crotchless panties and nippleless
bra, to silk and satin teddies, but they never lost interest in playing with
ropes and chains, and Marcy still got her strongest orgasms when she was
tightly tied and well gagged, a prisoner of the master of the house.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





