BDSM Library - Schoolgirl Bondage




Schoolgirl Bondage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: These innocent schoolgirls were raped and totured. Feel the pain and pleasure at the same time.
                        Schoolgirl Bondage

                           By Paul Gable



                             Chapter 1

     "Bitch!  Slut!  You little fuckin' cunt.  You're gonna put
out for me right now!" David shouted.
     Annette Davis backed away, one hand on the handle of the
sliding glass door.  The blonde schoolgirl felt her heart pounding
so fast she thought it would surely burst.  Moving her other hand
up to the torn bodice of her white dress, she tried frantically to
hide.
     "No, you don't understand," she began, her voice quavering as
she stepped to one side of the balcony door.  "I ... I didn't come
up here to do anything!"
     Hot tears began welling up in the girl's eyes.  David sneered
at her.
     "Yeah, sure.  That's what the fuckin' cunts say till I get a
chance to poke 'em.  When I get my cock up your pussy, you're
gonna go nuts," he said, rubbing his crotch slowly with one hand.
He was getting hard, his cock pushing up against the faded Levi's
material.
     "I thought you just wanted to talk," Annette said, sorry she
had ever given in to the wild feeling that had overwhelmed her at
the school dance.  David Fielding, star quarterback of the first
string in her high school, had paid attention to her, of all
people, for the first time ever!  And when he had said something
about going up to his parents' condo nearby, Annette had been
swept off her feet.  "I thought we were just going to ... neck or
something."
     David threw back his head and laughed.  "Nobody does that
anymore, baby.  Fuckin'.  That's what it's all about."
     He dropped his smile quickly, pushing aside the small end
table and heading directly for Annette.  She hesitated, that pause
giving David enough time to reach her.
     "No, no, leave me alone!  Help, help!"
     Annette twisted in his paw-like hands, feeling his fingers
pressing against her upper arms.  He bruised her flesh with his
grip, shaking her so hard she thought her head would snap off.
     "Shut up, you fuckin' slut!  I said shut up!" David screamed.
     Annette was too far gone to listen to him.  She began
shrieking, kicking her feet against him, anything to try to break
the savage grip.
     Shoving her back roughly, the big-boned stud raised one hand
high in the air, bringing it down quickly in a broad arc.  Annette
saw the fingers slicing through the air, the shadows cutting
across her body as she cringed and waited for the blow.  It came
as a violent shock, the hot stinging of his striking hand snapping
her head to the left.  She finally tumbled to the floor, her
forehead striking a table leg.
     "Now, you ain't gonna give me no problems, right?"
     David was standing over her, his legs spread, one on either
side of her prone body.  Annette pushed the hair from her eyes.
Raped!  She was going to be raped, and there was nothing in the
world she could do about it.  Just the thought of submitting to
someone like David sickened her.
     Reaching down, David twisted his fingers in her long hair,
jerking her head up several inches from the floor.  Annette's
mouth opened, a rush of air escaping over her front teeth.  She
had never felt such pain before in her life!  Her eyelids
fluttered while a nervous tic made her cheeks shudder.  David
jerked up again, twisting his fingers around and around until
Annette heard several of the strands tearing from her scalp.  She
screamed, finally finding her voice.
     "You're gonna be fucked proper."
     "No, no, don't do that to me!  Please, I'll do anything, but
don't ... don't do that!"
     David laughed at her pleas, dragging her halfway across the
living room by the hair.  Annette tried getting up, her legs
twisting around each time he jerked her hair and caused her more
agony.  She felt her knees bumping hard against the couch.  An end
table overturned, spilling the magazines and overfilled ashtray
onto her face.  Annette found herself being dragged down the
corridor.  The bedroom.
     "No, don't!"
     David jerked her hair again, slapping her twice across the
cheeks to stun the girl.  Annette tried in vain to keep herself
conscious through all this.  But the blows had temporarily stunned
her.  Groaning, she felt the boy slipping his hands under her
armpits and pulling her the rest of the way into his bedroom.
     There was more movement, more dragging.  When she finally
started coming around Annette realized she was flat on the floor,
her legs spread apart.  The top of her ripped dress had fallen
down once more, exposing her bra.  David had pulled off his shirt
and was fumbling around with his zipper.
     David locked the door.  She was in his room, his prisoner.
He stood there now, pushing his pants to his boot tops.  The hot
smell of his crotch washed over her.  And then Annette saw what
had been pressing up against his Levi's.  That prick ... that
horrid, big thing that was bouncing up and down now.  It had to be
at least eight, maybe nine inches long and so thick!  Annette drew
back, resting her head against the bed while drawing her knees
together.  No.  No.  He couldn't be serious!
     "Like it?  There're some bitches at school who'd be on their
knees right now if they could," David sneered, rubbing his fingers
over the tip of his cock.
     "No, no, I don't believe it!"
     He moved closer, his fat cock waving from left to right.  She
could see just how muscular his thighs and belly were.
     "Something wrong, baby?"
     "No.  Just please, please don't hurt me," Annette whimpered,
hoping her plea would mask the real feelings soaring through her
body now.
     "Yeah, right," David said, wiping his mouth.  David moved up
a little closer, then brought his right hand down against the side
of her head.  He struck her hard enough to daze her.  Then,
wrapping his fingers around her hair, he dragged her up to the
bed, flopping her down like a caught fish.  Annette heard the
headboard clattering against the wall behind her.
     David was on top of her, his hands tearing at her dress.  She
could hear the buttons ripping from the material and thought at
once of her mother and how she would explain the tears to her.
     David was pawing with her tits, struggling with the bra
strap.  Annette tried rolling down hard, feeling her back flat
against the mattress.  David slapped her several more times, his
hand bruising her cheeks and chin.  In the end, the girl had to
surrender.
     "That's it, bitch!  Come on, give it up.  You're gonna have
one hell of a time before you give in to ol' Davey."
     She felt his fingers sliding under her cups, pulling up hard
at the narrow banding holding her bra together.  She felt the rear
straps pulling taut against her shoulder blades.  There was a
tearing sound.  And then she felt her thirty-six-inch tits
springing free.  They slapped together, then rolled apart.
     "Man, seen 'em bouncin' around down the hall when you walked.
But these are nice, real nice."
     He reached down, pressing his fingers against her tits, then
rolling them up against one another in such a way so that her
nipples touched one another.  He rubbed them against each other
that way, laughing at her as she groaned and rolled her ass up on
the bed.  They were getting hard.
     "So, you don't wanna get fucked, eh?  You don't wanna get
poked, but Christ, you're gettin' real excited from what I can
see."
     "No, no!"
     Her smothered protests were unconvincing.  David dropped his
head, holding her tits apart.  In a moment, Annette could feel his
lips cupping one stiff taut nub; his teeth nipping hard against
the sensitive flesh while he sucked hard.  The girl's eyes rolled
back.
     "Uhhhhhh."
     "That's it, baby, that's it, you're comin' around.  Man,
you're probably gonna burn up my dick when I get through with
you."
     Her fear was mounting more and more as he sucked at her
nipples.  She felt his hands pressing against her shoulders now,
holding them firmly against the mattress while his knees rubbed up
against her thighs.  Annette swallowed hard.  She could feel the
narrow nylon crotch of her panties rubbing up and down against her
clit and into her cunt crack.
     David was muttering terrible things in her ear--things about
how he was going to fuck her and how she would love it.  Annette
tried to close her mind to it all.
     David pulled away and looked at her.  "Hot bitch.  That's
what you are."
     The young stud reached down and cupped his fingers around her
pussy, pressing the soppy nylon into her fuzzy fuck-crack.  The
sudden touch of his hand down there, pushing in the slick
material, made the young blonde teen gasp.  She arched her back
again, biting her lower lip.
     Annette felt his fingers curling around the elastic waistband
of her briefs.  He was tugging them down.  In a last desperate
effort of modesty, the girl shoved her hips down, pressing her ass
into the mattress.  David tore them away.
     She was naked, completely stripped of her clothing.  He was
pawing her pussy, grabbing a fistful of her cunt-hair and tugging.
     "No!"
     It was strange feeling a man touch her down there.  The long
firm fingers plowed through her fine blonde cunt hairs, and the
touch of his jagged nails against her thigh flesh and her clit
made Annette twist against the mattress.
     Suddenly David pulled a handful of her cunt hairs from her
pussy.
     "Yaghghghghhh!"
     It was as if someone had dumped hundreds of hot coals in her
cunt.  She jerked her body, nearly rolling from the bed.  David
pushed her back, slapping her again until she pulled back
whimpering.
     He had one hand around her throat now, the thumb pressing
into her windpipe.  Annette drew both hands to his wrist, her
nails scraping against his flesh.  He was choking her, really
choking her!  She brought up her legs, vainly trying to kick him,
do anything to get that horrid hand from her throat so she could
breathe.  But David kept his fingers around her windpipe,
increasing the pressure.  David released her at last, letting her
cough and choke to get the air back in her lungs.
     "Don't ... oh God, don't do this again," Annette gasped.
     Before she had a chance to recover, David flung himself onto
her belly.  He was prying her legs apart with those rough fingers.
She felt his knees rubbing up against hers, spreading her open
while that fat cock of his was rubbing up and down against her
cuntal crack.  He was kissing her, holding her head with both
hands and dropping his tongue into her mouth.  She fought him,
trying to close her mouth to him.  But, again, David won out.
Spittle bubbled from her mouth, running down her chin and cheeks
as he tongued her and dry-fucked the girl.
     "Yeah, yeah, you want it bad.  Gonna make sure you work for
it."
     He pulled off her quickly; leaving Annette panting heavily on
the bed, her legs draped over either side of the mattress.  She
watched him, watched his blood-heavy prick swinging from side to
side as he walked to his dresser and pulled open the second drawer
from the top.  He was drawing something long and narrow from the
dresser.  Rope!  Several strands hung from his right hand.  In a
second he was back on the bed, rolling her onto her left side and
drawing her hands and legs behind her.
     She felt one piece of half-inch line slip around her wrists.
He was snugging the rope tight, securing it with a double-hitch
knot.
     He pulled her legs back a little farther, roping her ankles
together in much the same way as her wrists, then drawing them
together.  In a moment, he had her wrists bound to her ankles in
such a way the girl couldn't close her knees or roll away from
him.  David edged forward between her opened thighs, his prickhead
red-hot.  There were droplets of some liquid bubbling up out of
his piss-slit.  Annette felt terribly frightened.
     He reached down, rubbing the backs of his knuckles over her
cuntlips.  Annette let out a groan, closing her eyes, wondering
when he was going to fuck that huge, meaty cock into her pussy.
She heard her own ragged breathing become more labored as David
lowered his body onto hers.  She felt his chest pressing against
her tits.
     Again David laughed, pushing his fingers through her hair and
tugging roughly.  He was moving his prick up and down, making sure
she could feel the full hard length pressing open her cuntlips.
The tip of his cock was nudging up against her clit, bringing
hotter shocks from that tiny spindle.




                             Chapter 2

     David hunkered down spreading her legs wide apart, Annette
felt her muscles cramping from the spread position.  The ropes
were chafing her wrists and ankles, making the pain of being roped
in that awkward position that much more intense.  She strained
against the rope bindings, feeling how they cut into the flesh of
her wrists and ankles.
     "Stop it.  Oh please, it's going too far ..."
     David laughed again.
     "Baby, it went too far the second you wanted to come up here
and party."
     Annette could feel that cockhead sliding back and forth,
getting slippery on her own flooding fuck juices.  She twisted
around.  Her wrists and ankles strained against the rope.  And
then David was back to sucking her the nipples, biting the nubs.
She could feel his hot spit trickling down her side.  She heard
him smacking hungrily.
     She felt his prick slipping back, sliding toward her swollen
cuntal mouth.  The muscles along her inner thighs cramped again.
Curling her toes, she rubbed them against her fingertips as David
prepared to fuck her.
     "Don't ... oh God, I've never been ... been fucked before.
Please ..."
     "Virgin?  Good, baby, glad I'm your first fuck."
     Annette bit blood from her lip, whining like a kicked puppy
through her flared nostrils.  He was starting to fuck her.  David
was braced between her splayed thighs, fucking all the way in.
All the nerve endings were vibrating, tickling as he stretched her
squiggly cuntal sheath with his massive cock.
     It was a strange new feeling--the sensation of something
foreign taking her over, filling her up, making her belly swell.
She rolled around, feeling that cock inside her.
     He was in her, penetrating, fucking in deeper!  Annette just
couldn't seem to take deep enough breaths to fill her lungs.  And
still David fucked down harder, sucking her tits, holding her down
while the ropes held and chafed.
     "Ohhhh, yeah, man, baby, this is the first time you been
poked.  Can ... uhhhhh ... feel that.  That's all right, man.  I
dig virgins."
     David grabbed the ropes and tugged them savagely, bending her
arms and legs back harder, making the young teen groan with
ecstasy and pain.  Then he started fucking in deeper.  In a moment
Annette felt him pressing his cock up against her cherry.  The
young teen let out a growl, tossing her head from left to right
while the pain increased terribly.  It was worse than the beating,
worse than the roping, the hair-pulling, everything David had
visited on her.
     Annette felt tissue tearing, her cherry ripping loose.
Shocks of mind-splintering pain tore through her.  Annette
screamed and screamed, her mind going blank with the pain.  But
David kept shoving down deep, pressing in all the way until his
balls flattened up against her crotch.  Annette found herself
sobbing and whimpering when her mind returned.
     "Yeah, man, that was rough," he sniffed, shaking the sweat
from his forehead.
     "You ... you fucking animal!"
     "Been called worse by better," he shot back, pulling his rod
down a bit, then jerking it in.
     Annette shuddered.  He was all the way in!  She could feel
his stiff cock inside her, a giant hot-iron cannon stirring her
insides around.  When his hands slid under her ass, lifting her a
bit from the bed, Annette groaned, tears running down her cheeks.
He wasn't going to give her any rest.  He wasn't going to give her
a chance to get used to the sensation of having a fat prick inside
her.
     "Yeah, yeah," David gasped at her, his hands still flat
against the underside of her hips.  He was jerking her around,
pulling her up, then down, rubbing her crotch up against his and
fucking down deep.
     David was fucking his cock in faster and faster.  The white
jizz started boiling up in his swinging balls, packing down in
that center tube.  Annette instinctively knew he was getting ready
to explode.  She shivered up against the ropes.  David yanked at
them every now and then to let her know she was still his captive.
     David's hands pulled at her ass, slapping her asscheeks.
Wild with excitement, he used his left forefinger and stuck it
deep in her asshole.
     Annette's face registered the wild surprise she felt.  He was
fucking her shitter with his finger while fucking his prick harder
and harder into her squishy pussy.
     David came, his body jerking up against hers.  Annette
struggled wildly, feeling the hot spraying sting of his jizz
against her cuntal walls.  She jerked and twisted about like a
roped woman possessed, crying out for some relief.  She could feel
David's prick, hard and throbbing, spitting out its thick load of
jizz.  She was being inundated in spunk, drowned in the rope-like
jets of his white cum.
     "Come on, baby, cut it out ... bring it off ... that's it,
bitch, come on!"
     David shook her, biting her nipples, slapping her wildly
across the face while tugging at the ropes binding her ankles and
wrists together.  Annette felt the world whirling around her.
Things were exploding all around her.  Her belly swelled,
ballooning out.  She could hardly feel the stud's blows any more.
All the girl could sense were the spasms hitting her hard.  Then,
like a rusty knife cutting right down the middle of her clit, a
shock exploded between her shivering legs.
     Annette tried filling her lungs again and again.  But,
somehow, air never seemed to stay in her body for long.  She
screamed and screamed, the spasms going on and on and on.
     "Uhhhhhh ..."
     How long she lay there like a mad woman on his bed, cumming,
Annette had no idea.  When she blinked open her eyes again, she
saw David kneeling there in front of her, working his fingers
around his prick.  He was smiling down at her--not a kind smile,
but one of cynicism.  His smile looked evil, especially on someone
as young as he was.  Annette shivered.  She never would have
guessed this high school idol, this "nice" young boy was an
animal.  Annette wondered just how many other girls he had trapped
like this.
     "Please, let me go home now," Annette whispered, feeling as
if all the life had been drained from her.
     "In what?  Your old lady gonna buy some kinda story about
these?" David reached down over one side of the bed, drawing up
her torn white dress.  Her bra was in no better shape, and her
panties were soaked with her juices.
     "I ..  I'll think of something," Annette said, willing to
take a chance with her mother just to get out of David's clutches.
     "Bet you will.  Cunts like you always do.  But we're gonna
have ourselves some more fun before I let you go."
     He rubbed his prick a little more, getting his cock up to a
semi-hard position.  Reaching over, he carefully unbound the short
piece of rope binding her wrists and ankles together.
     Annette groaned with relief, slowly pushing her legs down and
forward.  Although her ankles were still tied to one another, at
least she could stretch her body somewhat on the bed.  It was then
she felt David's cum oozing from her slit and greasing down her
thighs.
     "You're gettin' me hard just watchin' you movin' around the
sack like that.  Come on, get up," David growled.
     He pushed her forward, rolling her off the bed.
     Annette screamed, trying to jerk her arms free for balance.
The ropes held.  She rolled like a log off the left edge of the
bed; crashing with a thud onto the carpet.  Swinging his legs
over, the young stud was above her in an instant.  He slipped his
hands under the ropes binding her wrists together, jerking Annette
up to a kneeling position.  The quick snapping movement nearly
cracked her spine.
     "Crawl, bitch.  Come on, crawl outta here right down the hall
and into the living room."
     Annette steadied herself as best she could, moving one knee
in front of the other.  David pushed her, putting one naked foot
behind her head and shoving down.  She gasped, falling forward and
striking her forehead.
     Laughing, he jerked her upright once again, shoving her
toward the hall.  It was the longest, most painful journey Annette
had ever made.
     Annette paused for a moment, trying to catch her breath.
     "Come on, bitch.  This ain't no kinda resort," David growled.
     He kicked her between her shoulder blades.  The blow sent
sharp knives of pain racing down her spine, then up to her brain.
     Annette screamed, thinking her backbone had broken.  She
collapsed, sobbing, onto the hall carpeting, terrified of moving.
     "Ain't nothin' wrong with you a good fuckin' beatin' wouldn't
cure."
     Grabbing the girl by her ankles, David hauled her into the
living room, dropping her feet with a dull thud.  There was a
moment's pause.  Behind her, the girl could hear the steady,
soothing bubbling of the aquarium.  She raised her head a bit from
the floor, looking at the angel fish and guppies swimming around
in the lit water.
     "Need a little grease for this next bit, baby.  Gonna top the
night off real nice.  Gonna warm that ass up, then fuck it good
and hard!"
     "What?"
     Had she heard right?  What had he said?  Fuck her ass?
Annette shook off the dull fog that had settled over her.  She was
terribly aware of everything around her.
     Twisting her head around a little more, she saw David
standing there with his doubled black leather belt in both hands.
Sitting precariously on the back of a blue wing chair was a bottle
of hand lotion.  Immediately the girl understood what was going to
happen.
     David snapped the two pieces of leather together, the
resulting cracking sound making the young teen shiver on the
floor.  Her face wrinkled into a mask of terror as she watched him
position himself over her.  He unfolded the belt, letting the
beveled end trail across her ass-cheeks.  At the touch of the
leather, Annette winced, letting out a small hiss of air.
     She tried crawling away from him, her nipples scratching
along the rug.  A trail of cum and juice oozed from her cunt-slit,
wetting down her thighs.
     David laughed once more, then brought the belt up over his
head.
     The lights threw a shadow of his arm across her body.
Annette could see the horrible belt circling his head.  She could
hear the leather hissing through the air.
     The belt crashed against her body like a thunderbolt!  The
black leather bit into her right ass-cheek, chewing the white
flesh and leaving a long red mark.  Annette shrieked again, her
body shivering from the blow.
     "That's it, baby, that's it.  I wanna hear you shout it out,
man.  I wanna hear you tell me how much you dig havin' this happen
to you!"
     "No, no, that's a lie!  I don't like this," Annette screamed
through her teeth.
     "Fuckin' bitch liar," David growled, kicking her in the ribs.
"You can't wait till I stick my cock in you again.  Man, you're
gettin' hot just thinkin' about it?."
     "No, no, liar!"
     David jerked back, snapping his arm and cocking it as if it
were a weapon.  The belt snapped high over his head, cracking
loudly once more.
     Annette felt her flesh puckering as she waited for the second
blow.  It came with a vengeance, biting along her lower back as if
it would crush her spine.  She jerked to the right, her knees
flying apart.  The ropes hurt even more as she screamed.
     "Yeah, that's right, slut.  Keep on screamin'.  But man, you
can't get enough of it, right?  You want more, right, baby?"
     David reached forward, twisting her hair in his fingers and
jerking her head up from the floor.
     Annette moaned, her scalp hurting terribly.  She wouldn't
answer him.
     "Go ahead and lie there, then.  I don't give a fuck," David
grumbled, standing back after releasing her hair.  "You're gonna
get ass-fucked whether you dig it or not."
     "No, no, not that!"
     The belt came down a third time, its bite silencing Annette's
protests.  Again and again the leather criss-crossed her body,
bringing more whimpers and screams from the young blonde teen.
     She tried not to cry out.  She tried to remain stoic.  But
the heated blows from the black leather drew out the shrieks from
her soul.  David kept hitting her ass.  His strength didn't seem
to slacken.  Wouldn't he ever tire?  He whipped directly into her
cunt.
     David stopped for a moment, wiping the sweat off his
forehead.  He looped the belt around her throat, pulling up with
either end and choking the girl.  Annette gagged, her eyes bugging
out, the air hissing from her front teeth.  She struggled in vain,
her wrists rubbing against one another.
     David dropped the belt, jerking it away from her throat and
letting her head fall back on the rug.
     Annette groaned, wishing she could sink into unconsciousness
from all the pain.  But the stinging, hot tightness in her cunt
just wouldn't let her.  Each blow of the leather belt made her
cuntal nerves vibrate.
     Annette chewed her lower lip, trying to hide her lust-
contorted face from David.  Her ass-cheeks stayed tense,
instinctively opening and closing rhythmically.  She was matching
the blows from the belt.  Then, as David slowed the beating, she
raised her ass in an attempt to absorb the last of the attack.
     David laughed.  "Fuckin' hypocrite.  You want more and you
keep tellin' me how much it hurts."
     Annette couldn't answer him.  The young boy beat the leather
between her tensed white ass-cheeks again and again, reddening
them as if he had painted them with a brush.
     "Fuck, this ain't gettin' my prick anywhere," David said,
suddenly stopping and throwing the belt to one side.  "Gonna take
care of it right now."
     "No, no ..."
     Annette felt weak.  Her knees were hardly able to support her
as he dragged her off the carpet and draped her over a large,
high-backed chair just in front of the aquarium.  She blinked the
tears away, wondering just how long this was going to last.
     David grabbed the bottle of lotion and squeezed the yellowish
liquid onto one palm.  She could hear him greasing down his prick.
Then one rude finger was jammed into her shitter, rubbing the cool
greasy liquid into her asshole.
     "Now, this is gonna be good, baby.  Fucked in the cunt, then
fucked in the ass," David said, bracing his knees up against the
backs of her legs.  "Bet you won't be able to sit down for a
week."
     "No, stop!"
     She felt his fingers hooking around her narrow hipbones.  It
was a nightmare.




                             Chapter 3

     "Uhhhhh ... owwwww!  Oh, it hurts!  It hurts!  Please,
don't."
     "Christ, you're gonna bring down the cops if you keep yellin'
like that," David warned.
     "I don't care.  You're hurting me!" Annette cried, tears
blinding her vision.
     "Damn it.  Gonna have to choke you before I stick this mother
all the way in."
     He rubbed his fat cockhead up against her shitter lips,
bracing his prick with one hand while still holding onto her
thighs with the other.  When the pressure increased and her
asshole began to stretch, Annette felt pain as she had never felt
before.  It was as if someone were trying to tear her body in
half.  Her belly contracted while her thighs tightened from the
attack.  Her ass-ring tightened, refusing to let David go any
farther.
     "Man, you're good and tight back there.  Like fuckin' a piece
of hot rock."
     "No, no, stop!"
     He jerked her head up, holding her by the hair and shoving
her forward.  Annette realized he was forcing her chin over the
metal-edged aquarium.  She could feel some of the air bubbles from
the filter breaking and tickling her nose.  Below, the fish swam
about in a panic as David held her poised over the water.
     "Now, shut the fuck up while I stick my cock in your ass!"
     With one swift move he shoved her head down into the
aquarium, the water bubbling around the back of her head.
     Annette had managed to suck in a deep breath of air before
David had pushed her head underwater.  Suddenly the world was
blanked from her mind, the wet cold of the aquarium engulfing her.
Things were striking her cheeks, eyelids and chin--the fish!  And,
behind her, the girl could feel her ass being pried open by that
fat, long prick.  She opened her mouth to scream as David tried
shoving more of his cock into her.  Bubbles escaped her mouth.
     He tightened his grip on the girl's head, pushing her nose
onto the spire of the small castle through which the fish swam.
The filter disconnected, sending a jet-stream of air against one
ear.  Annette wanted to scream again.
     "Fuck it, baby, loosen up and I'll take you out," David
groaned, slapping her reddened ass with the back of one hand.
     Annette felt herself becoming suddenly very spacy.  It was a
warm, pleasant feeling.  She was drifting off, it seemed, to
another world.  She knew she was drowning.  Annette thought she
would pass out and die in this horrid, obscene way--draped bound
and naked over a chair, her face in a fish tank, her ass pierced
by a prick!
     David managed to shove the head of his massive prick into her
with another thrust.  As a reward, he yanked her head from the
aquarium, draping it once more over the top of the chair.
     Annette turned her face to one side and began coughing,
strangling on her own spit as she gasped for air.
     "Don't worry about it, baby.  You're gonna live.  You're
gonna live to think about this tonight--how I spread them cheeks
and gave you one helluva roddin' up your tight little hole there."
     Annette wanted to scream louder.  The whole ring of her
asshole felt as if it were being torn and shoved up into her
bowels.  Her knees spread apart while her ankles strained against
the line in an attempt to spread apart.  The pain was even more
when David squeezed her already-beaten asscheeks.
     "Fuck yeah, baby.  Come on, honey, let's go for it!  Yeah,
gimme that ass ... nice and hot and ready for a good hot fuck!"
     David pulled back once more.  Annette let out a sigh, shaking
the water from her eyes.  Her hair clung to her skull like a
football helmet.  The water streamed down her shoulders, wetting
her tits and stiffened nipples.  David pulled back a little more,
then shoved forward with all his might.
     Annette let out a rush of air over her front teeth, the pain
blinding her temporarily.
     He rocked her forward, the chair striking the aquarium and
knocking yet more water from the tank.  Annette stared nervously
at the frantically swimming fish, fearing that David would shove
her head back in the water and make her lick the algae from the
sides if she weren't cooperative.
     Annette felt one of his hands leaving her hip.  David was
bracing his cockshaft, holding his stiff prick against the taut
rubbery rim of her shitter.
     He moved one hand around to her cunt, stroking her clit,
rubbing his knuckles against her pussylips.  At first the touching
did nothing.
     Annette groaned, concentrating only on the hot searing pain
throbbing through her ass.  But as her shitter lips finally began
to stretch and ease up, the girl started feeling that tight heat
pulsing through her pussy once again.
     David pulled back a bit, then shoved in a little farther.
Annette squeaked, feeling as if he were pulling her asstube out of
shape.  The girl squirmed, moving her ass back against the heavy-
haired belly.
     "Move it, baby, move it, move that ass around like you really
want that prick up there!" David shouted, beating her ass with one
hand.
     The stinging blows brought more tears to her eyes.  Biting
her lower lip until she could taste blood, Annette did as she was
told.  She moved her ass as sensuously as she could.  The slow
intrusion of the hard cock up her ass hurt terribly.
     "Uhhhhh ... oh no, no, you're killing me with that thing,"
Annette whispered.
     If only he would just get off and finish with her.  If only
he would go away then.  But Annette knew he would drag this on as
long as he could.  He loved hearing her moans of protests, her
cries of pain.  He knew he was splitting her wide open.  Annette
could feel pain in all parts of her body now.
     "Shaddup and take it, bitch!  You dig havin' this thing up
your shitter!"
     David pulled back again, this time withdrawing his cock until
only the flanged head remained inside her ass.
     Annette arched her back, shoving her ass back against him.
     "Yeah, that's it.  That's the way to show me you want more
prickmeat up there!"
     David pushed down hard, fucking most of his cock into her ass
with one shove.
     Annette squeaked, snapping her head to one side.  She felt as
if someone had just shoved a spear into her asshole!  The steady
pressure increased.  The girl could feel his flat belly on her
asscheeks once more.  Surely that had to be all.  He had to be in
all the way.  She let out a long sigh.
     David started pulling back again.  Annette pressed her ass
against him, widening her toes and curling them against the rug.
The strange, hot fullness inside her guts was starting to excite
her more and more.  It wasn't like the heat she had before when
David had fucked her, she guessed.  But it was good, connected in
some strange way to the sensation of getting fucked in the pussy.
     Slowly, gradually, David pulled more prickmeat out, his
fingers digging into her asscheeks until the girl thought the
nails would pierce her flesh.  Then he started forward again.  The
cock fucked deeper, past where the last stroke had stopped.
Annette sucked in a ragged breath, her moans shuddering deep in
her chest.  The head of his prick went up and up, filling her
until she wondered if his cockhead would come out on her tongue!
     David arched his body back, letting his head fall to one side
while he shook the long hair from his eyes.  He was fucking her
ass steadily now, fucking his prick in and out, moving his hips
from side to side so the teen could feel him better.
     David was like a machine, fucking all that prickmeat into her
ass again and again.
     Annette thought the lewd suction in her ass would drive her
crazy.  The tempo of David's ass-fucking prick was getting faster
and faster.
     She could feel the flames licking up her tightening thighs,
searing her sex spindle.  And there was nothing in her cunt!  That
prick was up her ass.
     "Uh ... too bad my buddies aren't here, man.  They'd be able
to plug you in the mouth and cunt while I finish up on your ass!"
     Three pricks, three hard-cocked men fucking her!  The thought
hurried Annette along to her second unwanted climax.  As the
ramming length and speed of the strokes grew, Annette felt the
drag of her cuntlips milk more fuck juice from her hole.
     Annette grunted with the effort of keeping up with his
strokes.  Her concentration was focused on her shitter and clit.
     They were getting close to climax.  She could hear David's
uneven breathing, could feel the way his body was rubbing against
hers.  She let out a howl as a shock pinched her clit.
     The girl nearly fell to the floor and had to be propped up
once again against the aquarium.  For a mad moment she thought
David would push her face in the water.  Then the rigid bar of
prick increased incredibly in speed.  He was pummeling his groin
against her, shoving her against the table, knocking her head
against the fish tank.  She could feel the lining of her ass
stretch up toward her throat.  Annette wanted everything to happen
all at once.
     "Uhhhhhh ..."
     "Fuckin' cunt!  Gonna make it!  Oh yeah, yeah, gonna cum
right now!"
     David's grip tightened even more.  She screamed, feeling him
fire-hosing his wad into her shitter.  The thick, spurting masses
of cum burned the lining of her ass like jets of jellied gasoline.
     Annette felt her cunt snapping shut on his fucking fingers,
pulling them until she thought her muscles would pull those digits
out of joint.  She could feel the come-spewing cock in her ass
jerking around and around.  She was going to do it!  Oh yes, she
was going to join him!
     Annette ground her teeth.  She was cumming, cumming with a
fury that took her breath away.
     "Yaghghghghhghh!"
     Annette thought the world had come to an end.  Her cunt
snapped down again and again against those fucking fingers,
milking them, trying to draw them in deeper while she felt the
rich white cum-cream bubbling out of her asshole.  She pranced her
ass against David's groin, wanting more, demanding more as he shot
and shot and shot.  In the end, David slumped forward, reaching
around and pinching her tit-tips.
     "Yeah, that was good, real good.  Christ, don't think I could
cum tonight for anybody, baby.  You've drained me good."
     Annette felt her body sagging against the chair, gravity
stretching her down.  She could hardly move.  The girl had never
felt so lonely, so deserted in all her young life.  Cum oozed from
her stretched asshole while her cunt still quivered, waiting for a
prick.
     David slapped her ass several more times, sticking his right
forefinger up her cunt and wriggling it around and around until
Annette began begging him to stop.
     "Yeah, no sense in going any further," he grunted, pulling
her away from the chair.  He threw her onto the couch, wiping his
hands on his naked thighs.  "Too fuckin' tired." First came the
ropes around her wrists.  Then David untied the line around her
ankles.  It felt so odd being free ... almost unnatural.  Annette
looked at the dark-pink marks on her wrists and ankles, wondering
now how she would be able to hide them from her mother and her
friends.
     "Gonna give you a ride home.  Don't usually do that, but
you've been a good, hot lay.  Just one thing," David said,
grabbing her hard by the chin and tilting her head up.  "Don't you
ever say nothin' about this to anybody, understand?"
     "They wouldn't believe me anyway."
     Annette said, dropping her eyes to the floor.  David laughed,
dropping his hand and shaking his head from side to side.  "You're
right.  Ain't nobody gonna believe that about the star
quarterback."
     Annette wanted to say so many things.  Instead she remained
quiet, modestly sitting there on the sofa, waiting for her
clothes.
     David gathered what was left of them from the bedroom floor,
tossing them in her face.  She could smell her juiced panties from
where she sat.
     "Get 'em on.  Don't wanna spend all damned Saturday night
watchin' you get dressed.  Oh yeah, one more thing," David said,
raising one hand up in the air.  "When I call you, you come
runnin' for this dick, baby.  When it gets hot, I want that pussy
wrapped around it makin' it feel real nice."
     As Annette pulled on her ripped dress, she wondered how a
half-literate animal like David could have ever stayed in their
high school.  His athletics, she guessed.  The coach would kill to
have someone like that on his team, even if the person was hardly
a step above the Stone Age.
     Tugging the ripped material around her shoulders, Annette
managed to make the dress appear presentable.  If only she could
sneak upstairs at home there would be no problem.
     "Okay, bitch, ain't you gonna put on your panties?" David
said, holding the juice-stained nylon briefs in one hand.
     "No." Annette couldn't bear to feel the damp nylon against
her cuntlips.
     "I'll keep 'em as a trophy.  Maybe even jerk off in 'em
tonight if I wake up horny, thinkin' of that tight little pussy
and that tighter ass.  Now, let's get the fuck outta here."
     Annette could hardly walk.  David saw her difficulty and
laughed as he escorted her from the apartment, down the elevator,
and into his car.  All the way home, she felt her hot little cunt
rubbing back and forth against the black vinyl seat covers.
Glancing at her blue-faced digital watch, Annette saw it wasn't
too late from the time she normally would have arrived home.
     When David turned right on Botkin Drive the girl saw her two-
story wood-frame house in the near distance.  As the car slowed,
she wondered if the double-fuck had even happened.  One look at
David, however, and the whole rush of indescribable feelings carne
back to her.  She could feel his dick rushing through her cunt,
his cock spreading her asshole out while he pushed her head into
the water.
     "Okay, baby, out.  And remember, nothin' to nobody," David
warned.
     Annette climbed out of the car, slamming the door behind her.
She didn't turn around, squaring her shoulders and walking as
normally as she could under the circumstance.
     She winced as the car screeched away behind her down the
street.  There was a light on in the hall.  But the rest of the
house was dark.
     Annette sighed happily, stopping at the foot of the porch
stairs and fishing out her keys.  Opening the door, the teen
peeked nervously about.  No one around.  She was as quiet as she
could be.
     Shutting off the hall lamp, Annette dragged herself up the
stairs, moving past her mother's darkened room and finally winding
up in her own room.
     Locking the door behind her, Annette threw herself on the
bed, draping one hand over her eyes.  She fell asleep quickly,
dreaming about David, about the way he had fucked her.




                             Chapter 4

     "And this is our athletic department," the principal
announced to the group of parents.  "Coach Jack Robinson here's
been training our football team for the past three years and, I'm
proud to say, doing a fine job of it."
     Betty Davis, Annette's mother, looked shyly at the six-foot,
handsome, blond coach.  He looked, she thought, like something
straight from a Hitler's Youth Group.  Only when she realized he
was returning her stare did Betty drop her eyes.
     "And that, ladies and gentlemen, ends our parents' night
tour.  If you'd like to stroll around, you're more than welcome.
Refreshments are in the auditorium upstairs."
     Betty murmured a thank you to the principal with the other
parents, walking slowly around the gym and staring at nothing in
particular.  She had been concerned about her daughter who, for
the past two weeks, had been acting very withdrawn.
     Annette had always been somewhat quiet, especially since her
father's death three years ago.  But, lately, her quietness had
become very disturbing.  It was with this in mind that Betty came
to the parents' night to talk to the teachers.  There had been no
clues.
     Something was keeping her there at the gym, something she
could not understand.  While the others drifted upstairs after a
while, Betty remained below, pretending to read the various scores
of athletic accomplishments on the bulletin board.  She wasn't
surprised when, from the corner of one eye, she saw Coach Robinson
sauntering up to her, hands on his hips.
     "Interested in sports?"
     His masculine voice rolled over her, making her flesh tighten
and her nipples stand up like tin soldiers.  Somehow Betty found
her voice, clearing her throat carefully first.
     "Oh, just a little.  I've been trying to get my daughter
interested in getting out a little--exercise and all that," Betty
said, noticing how much lower her voice was now as her excitement
gathered.
     "That's good.  A little exercise, of any sort, is good for
the body.  Looks like you've been working out some," Jack said,
casting an appreciative glance over her body.  "What's your name?"
     "Oh, Betty Davis."
     She was giggling like a schoolgirl.  She saw he noticed her
nervousness.  He was smiling, his red lips curling in sardonic
amusement as he talked.  His straight white teeth gleamed like
polished ivory.  Betty was aware that the last parent had left.
She should go upstairs or leave the area.  Instead she stayed.
     "You know, there's lots more here at the gym the principal
hasn't shown the others.  You might be able to see some of it.
Some of the boys are coming down here for a late-night workout--
after the parents go.  You might be interested in them."
     Betty shook her head, holding her purse to her body.  She
flashed her eyes over his body again.  He was stocky, his chest so
thick and powerful.  Then she dropped her eyes and saw that his
white gym shorts were pulled tight against his crotch, giving her
a clear impression of a thick roll of cockmeat.
     "I ... I don't know if I should.  My daughter ... she's at
home waiting for me and.  And ..."
     "Come on.  It won't be for a long time.  And besides, you'll
be getting a personalized tour from me."
     Betty couldn't refuse.  She felt his big paw-like hand
cupping around her neck, holding her prisoner as he guided her
across the brightly lit gym floor toward the office area.  They
slipped past several doors, stopping at a tall green metal one.
     "What's in here?"
     She could barely get the words out.  Her excitement was at a
fever pitch.  Dimly, Betty was aware of Coach Robinson fishing out
a ring of keys and inserting one of them Into the lock.  He took
her by the neck gently, guiding her into the darkened room.  He
flashed on the lights.
     There were several pulley devices screwed into the low
ceiling over head and four tall green metal cabinets standing side
by side, soldier-fashion, to her left.  Three wooden chairs with
straps on the arm rests and legs were pushed together in the far
right corner.
     "I ... I don't understand.  Is this some kind of training
room?"
     Jack laughed, shutting the door behind her with a loud bang.
Betty nearly jumped from her skin.  He was putting the keys back
in the side pocket of his gym shorts.  To her surprise that roll
of cockmeat was getting longer, pressing more firmly against the
front of his gym shorts.
     "Kind of ... at least, that's what the school thinks.  Some
of us around here, though, use it for something else."
     Betty tilted her chin up defiantly, about to say something
that would make him release her.  She was thirty-three, attractive
and a full adult.  She would make him release her rather than
become involved in an increasingly awkward situation.  She was
about to start for the door when Jack held one hand out to
restrain her.
     "No going yet," he said firmly, the smile still on his lips.
"You and I have some serious playtime coming up.  And if you're
real good, I'll let you play with some of my boys."
     Betty gasped, nearly dropping her purse in shock.  Wheeling
around, she was about to strike Jack when he grabbed her by the
wrists, twisting her arms down and around until the fingers
pressed hard against her lower back.  The quick, violent action
sent a shock of agony racing through her shoulder and spine.
     Betty dropped her purse, her knees buckling from the pain.
In a moment she found herself on her knees on the floor, Jack
still twisting her arm behind her and laughing at her escape
attempt.
     "Now, you're not going to try to get away, are you?"
     "What are you doing?  You're crazy," she gasped, her head
dropping toward the floor.
     Betty could hardly breathe because of the pain.  Jack
loosened his grin, pulling Betty toward one of the cabinets.  She
tried getting up, her feet tangling around one another.  Coach
Robinson did nothing to help her.  When they reached the first
cabinet, he let her go.  The woman drew her injured hand close to
her body, staring up tearfully at him.
     "This is gonna be good, uhh ... what's your name again?"
     "Betty," the attractive blond said, pushing the hair from her
eyes.
     "Betty," Jack said, cocking his head to one side.  "Nice,
wholesome-sounding name.  We're gonna do something that's not so
wholesome, though."
     He opened the first cabinet and pulled out a large four-
legged bench, straps near the bottom and top of the forward legs.
     "Of course, we've got to get you out of those clothes.  Are
you going to strip, or do I have to pull them off you?"
     "Take off ... take off my clothes?" Betty looked at the big
man incredulously.  She backed away, shaking her head from side to
side.
     "I'm not going to fuck you with all that on,"
     Jack said.
     "No, no, let me out of here!"
     Jack dropped the bench, then approached her quickly.  Betty
braced herself, drawing her arms up and clenching her fingers into
two fists.  As he gathered her up in his arms, she began beating
him as hard as she could.  It was futile.  He laughed at her,
pulling her toward the bench, his hands gathering the loose
material of her dress.  She could feel the hem line slipping past
her asscheeks.  And then she felt his fingers caressing her
asscheeks, kneading the flesh through the thin nylon of her pink
panties.
     "Now, gotta get these clothes off."
     He fumbled with he buttons, tearing some, opening the others.
In a moment, she felt the dress slipping from around her shoulders
and down to the floor.  She was still in his arms, dressed only in
her bra and panties.
     "Nice body."
     "Please, don't do this."
     But there was no conviction in her voice.  She was yielding
to him in spite of his threatening posture.  She nearly rested her
head on his broad shoulders when she felt his fingers pulling her
bra off.  Her tits rolled out, big and firm, pillowing out against
his chest.  Jack moved back for a moment, staring at her pendulous
tits, his eyes glittering.
     "Nice tits.  Shit, could suck on those nipples till you cum
just from my tonguing," he whispered.
     Betty groaned.  Her late husband used to like doing that--
sucking on her tit tips, then sliding up and rubbing his cock
against both tits until he shot in her face.  It was a nice piece
of different sex, something she enjoyed as a variation to fucking.
Betty grew weak, her cunt getting all swampy-hot now while her
white legs trembled.  Betty jerked her head back, her toes
curling.
     He rubbed the front of her briefs up against her cuntlips,
mopping up the fuck juices starting to flow from her fur-edged
fuck-rack.  Betty tensed her asscheeks together instinctively,
rubbing her tingling nipples against his hairy chest.
     Now he was working her panties off, sliding the elastic
waistband down over her hips, past her cunt, down over her thighs,
then finally over her ankles.  She was naked, stripped in her
daughter's public school!  It was unbelievable.
     He caressed her ass, then slipped his fingers around and
stuck two into her cunthole.
     Betty nearly cried from the relief that finger-fucking was
bringing her.  Her knees bumped hard against his while she arched
her spine and threw her head back.
     "Man, you're really super-hot.  That's good.  Guess it's been
a long time since somebody's really poked you, eh?" Jack asked.
     "Oh, too long," she moaned, rubbing her cunt up against his
crotch.
     Betty could feel that hot, hard roll of cockmeat throbbing up
against her pussy.  He was going to fuck her good, driving that
rock-hard piece of cockmeat into her cunthole.  Just thinking
about how he was going to rape her brought new rushes of
chilly/hot thrills to her pussy.
     "It's gonna be a little while longer too.  But don't worry
about it.  We're gonna take care of you."
     "What?"
     "That." He nodded at the bench.
     Betty screwed up her face in confusion.
     "Now, lie down on it.  Yeah, just like that."
     He was guiding her, his firm hands on her shoulders.  Betty
knew she had no recourse other than to submit to him.  But why was
he putting her on this narrow, uncomfortable bench?  He moved her
forward, positioning her so her hips fitted just barely over the
front edge of the bench.  But her shoulders were still dangling
over the far end.  The hard wood hurt her back.
     It was then, while looking up at the wall in front of her,
that Betty noticed two small lengths of chain bolted to the wall
approximately five feet apart and six feet from the floor.  There
were two buckled cuffs dangling from the ends of the chain, now
opened.  Her heart began beating more quickly when Jack told her
to put her arms down by the front legs.  She did so just as he
took the second strap on the stool and draped it around her upper
belly.
     "Too tight?  I've got to make sure you don't slip off the
bench.
     Snugging the belt around her waist a little more, Jack then
fastened her wrists to the front legs of the bench with the two
brown leather straps.  Her shoulders and upper back began to hurt
her terribly now as she tried to keep her head up.
     It was like some horrible nightmare.  Betty was unsure of
what she felt about this as he secured the straps to her wrists
then moved around and took her left ankle in one hand.  He pulled
her leg up to where one of the bolted chains were on the wall.
     Holding her feet against his chest, Jack slipped the leather
anklets around her ankle, cinching it nearly as tightly as the
straps holding her wrists.  Next came the other leg, spread far
from the other and fastened to the wall as the first.  Betty
experimented with her bonds, tugging at her hands, then trying to
bend her knees and pull her feet from the wall.  It was
impossible.  He had her bound well.
     Betty understood the small room now, it was ideal for doing
something like this.  Coach Robinson was something more than a
good-old-boy high school trainer.
     "Oh, please, it's so tight, all of them are so tight," Betty
complained.
     Jack stepped to one side, running his fingers up and down her
strained legs and thighs, feeling her taut tendons.  He shook his
head.
     "Not tight at all.  Just right.  That's to make sure you
don't buck off.  In fact, I'm going to tighten 'em up a little
more."
     Betty sobbed and pleaded as each of her ankles were drawn out
another inch in the strap.
     She cried out.  She couldn't stand the pain.  She thought he
would crush her ankles from the tugging tension.  Her shoulder
blades wallowed against the hard, splintery wood, making the pain
rushing along her spine that much more intense.  And all the while
the leather straps were chewing into her belly, her ankles, her
wrists.  In the resulting panic, Betty struggled, but found that
only a part of herself could move at all.  The bench was clever.
She could hardly move one inch.
     "Now, I'm gonna see just how sensitive you are, Betty.  I
think you'll be very sensitive to everything I do."
     The woman struggled, shaking the loose blonde hair from her
eyes and staring at him.
     Jack moved up to the second metal cabinet, unlocking it and
fishing around inside.  She could hear clanking sounds, metal
against metal, sounds that made her shiver.  In a moment he came
out with a small black box, several dials, now dark, on one side.
Wires trailed in tangled fashion behind it.  He set it down
carefully near a wall plug, grinning sheepishly at her, then
returned to the cabinet.  In a moment, he was at her side with a
collection of what appeared to be clamps, screws and wires.
     "I'm going to find out just how you take to pain, Betty.  You
know about that, pleasure and pain, how closely they're related?"
     "No!" she gasped.
     Jack shrugged, separating the various instruments from one
another.  "Well, you will when I get through with you.  Now just
lay back and enjoy it.  I think you will."
     "Never!  Oh God, God, let me go!  It's hurting me!" Betty
cried.  She felt her wrists and ankles throbbing against the
tightening leather straps.
     "Now, we start." He took one ring and unscrewed it, moving
down and brushing the cold metal against her moist, swollen right
cuntlip.
     Betty jerked, her flesh quivering at the shocking cold of the
iron.  She rubbed her ass as much as she could against the bench,
feeling Jack slipping the opened end of the ring around her
cuntlip, then screwing it down.
     The cold metal soon warmed against her hot cuntlips.  Jack
was smoothing his fingers along the sensitive flesh between her
inner and outer pussylips, letting his fingernails tease her.
     Betty groaned, jerking her head from left to right while
opening and closing her hand.  She hadn't felt this hot, this
aroused, this helpless before in her life.
     He unscrewed another ring, attaching it just below her clit
to the left cuntlip.
     Betty tightened her thighs, watching as her muscles ridged
against her flesh.  It was sexy in a strange, perverted way.  Her
body was stretched prettily on the bench, dangling over the edges,
while the leather kept her bound to the short narrow surface.
     Both screws, when left alone, pulled her cuntlips widely
apart.  The tugging sensation sent more thrills of delight rushing
through her pussy.
     Betty let out another moan when Jack pulled two clamps from
the tangled pike of junk and opened one.  He was looking at her
right nipple, moving the clamp to her tit.  She knew what was
going to happen.  In a second, she felt the tiny sharp teeth of
that clamp biting into her hard, red nipple-flesh.  She ground her
teeth together, moaning through them as the second clamp was
attached.




                             Chapter 5

     Jack finished with his clamping.  The rings were attached to
her cuntlips and nipples.  Betty looked at the iron rings hanging
down on either side of her tits, distending her nipples, nearly
pulling her large tits flat from their weight.  She could feel the
heavy tugging of the rings between her legs.
     He was holding a long narrow band of metal to which a black
wire was attached.  Bending down, he cocked his head to one side
and squeezed one eye shut.  Her asshole!  He was aiming that thing
into her asshole!
     "No, no, no!" Betty cried.
     Filthy, horrible man!  She could feel the cold metallic thing
slithering up into her shitter, snaking along her bowels until she
thought it would pierce her belly!
     Betty let out long, gasping groans, curling her fingers until
the nails creased her dampened palms.  The novelty of this bondage
was wearing thin.  She began to feel terribly uncomfortable being
stretching out on the bench like this.  And the clamps were
hurting her cuntlips and nipples more and more as the seconds
ticked by.
     "Now, hook-up time," he said.
     The transformer!  Betty had nearly forgotten about that,
about all the clamps and rings that had wires dangling out from
behind them.  To these Jack attached several wires running out
from behind the small black box, looking up at Betty now and then
to check out her reaction.
     "Please, don't do this.  Oh God, what are you doing?  Are you
going to electrocute me?"
     The unbelievability of this horror was becoming more and more
real.  He was wiring her up to this horrible thing and was about
to charge her up with electricity!
     "Okay, now we're gonna see you really move, Betty.  You ever
have a shock?  Ever get shocked accidentally?" Jack asked, a
growing grin on his handsome young face.
     Betty could hardly believe this kind-looking man could be
doing this to her.  "No ... oh God, no, no, don't do it, don't do
it!"
     "Why not?  You're willing.  You were really hot for me," he
said calmly, kneeling down in front of the transformer and
plugging it in.  The switch was thrown.
     Immediately, Betty heard a low humming sound coming from the
box.  She shivered, her eyes widening while dots of perspiration
appeared on her wrinkled forehead.  A tingling sensation made her
flesh pucker up.  No electricity had yet surged through her body.
It was her own sense of disaster, her own sense of terror sending
electrical impulses rushing up and down her body.
     Jack lowered his head, examining the wires for the last time,
then putting one hand on the center dial.  He looked up at Betty,
their eyes meeting.  He switched the dial to the first notch up.
     She felt it!  She could feel the itching pulse tickling into
her body.  It was odd.  There was no pain--at least for now.  It
was as if someone were tickling her pussy with a feather while
childishly sucking on her nipples.  Up her ass the wire was
humming, making her feel the forbidden pleasure of having just
taken a spicy shit.
     Betty found herself smiling, wriggling her ass against the
hard wooden bench.  Even the leather bonds around her wrists and
ankles that had at one time seemed so horrid now appeared not so
bad.  She let out another low sigh.
     "See?  I thought you would enjoy this.  Most girls start
crying right now.  I felt something different about you when I
watched you there on the gym floor.  Let's see what you think
about this."
     Jack switched the dial up another notch.  More tickle this
time, with an added hot itchy sensation going along.  Betty
groaned, feeling her nipples swelling up even more and pressing
out against the nibbling clamp teeth.  Fuck juice flowed freely
from her fuzzy cunt hole now, wetting down her asscheeks, seeping
into her asscrack.  She was afraid she would short out the
machine, break it as it was firing up her pussy and shitter.  Her
clit was sending its own shower of sparks into her fluttering
cunthole.  The heat was getting more and more intense down there,
making her thigh muscles ridge continually against her flesh.
     There was pain here, pain that somehow was sharp edged with
pleasure.  She dug her nails into her palms harder, wanting a
cock, needing fucking, and also needing this electricity.  Flashes
of delightful fire were exploding in her pussy, searing her clit,
burning her thighs.  That thing in her asshole seemed to grow!  It
was ballooning out against her bowels, it seemed, making her think
Jack had slipped his cock up her ass without her knowing it!
     She jerked her head from side to side, her arms pressing out
against the bonds while her legs jerked against the restraining
chains.  They rattled against one another while Jack stared on.
     "That's it, Betty.  Don't hold anything back.  Let it all out
for me."
     He turned the switch up another notch.  This time Betty let
out a howl of pain.  Sharp teeth were tearing at her nipples,
ripping at her clit!  Inside her ass, she thought, a wild animal
was gouging about, pulling her interior organs apart as surges of
current tore into her body.
     "Nooooo!  Stop ... Uhhhhh ... oh God, stop it, you're killing
meeeeeee!"
     Another notch.  Betty could feel her bones rattling while
terrible teeth ripped and tore at her clit and tits.  She felt
farts blowing from her asshole, nearly dislodging the wire jammed
into her shitter.  An odd buzzing resounded in her ears, making it
unable for her to hear anything around her.  She could feel the
bench sliding around slightly under her, the results of her
violent movements.  There didn't seem to be one muscle she could
control now.  The electricity had taken her over.  Her cunt itched
terribly.  Was he turning the machine higher?  He said something
before about wanting to see how much she could take.
     Betty nearly swallowed her tongue as the electricity shot
through her body, her temples throbbed.  The buzzing sound turned
into a loud ringing.  Her nipples were blood swollen, so sensitive
to the current surging into them.  She felt as if her clit were
filled to bursting.  She tried closing her legs to squeeze off her
climax.  But the chains held her legs open.
     Time and time again Betty thought she would surely faint from
the pain, from the arousal.  But still she remained conscious as
Jack turned the dial one notch higher.
     "Yghghghhghghhh!"
     Betty had never been beaten before.  But she was certain this
was what it must feel like.  It was like having dozens of fists
punching her in the back and belly while another fist was trying
to squeeze itself up her ass.  She strained her arms and legs
wildly against the leather, perspiration slicking her entire body.
The shock felt like sharp glass shards scratching her nipples and
clit.
     "That's it, Betty, you're taking a lot more than anyone I've
seen around here."
     Jack cranked the switch another point higher.  That was all
she needed.  Betty felt her climax erupt.  She stared up at the
ceiling, unable to see anything except bright yellow flashes
exploding again and again in front of her eyes.  Cunt juice
speckled and dried on her rippling thighs.
     She shuddered mightily, jerking on her chains, straining
against the leather straps holding her fast to the bench.  Her
face was a blur as she snapped her head from left to right in a
spasm of fury.
     Jack pulled off his gym shorts, his ten-inch cunt-splitter
hard and thick, the veins blue and pulsing against the taut outer
skin.  Betty caught sight of it and wanted that prick so badly!
     "Fuuuuucccccckkkk!" Betty cried.
     The filthy word erupted from somewhere deep inside her, and
Jack shut the machine down with a fast move of one hand.  Betty
felt as if she had fallen from a high cliff.  Suddenly the
dreadful current was gone, removed from her body.
     "You want to get fucked?  Then you're gonna get it."
     She stared at him like a wild animal.  Jack pulled the wire
from her ass with a sucking sound, then positioned himself between
her widely splayed legs.  She was helpless, her outer lips pulled
widely apart by the heavy iron rings.
     Jack was stroking his cockmeat, greasing his prick down with
the pre-cum that was bubbling up to his piss-slit.  Betty smacked
her lips, feeling like a wild, rutting animal.  The electricity
had done something to her--that and the way he had treated her
before the torture.
     Straddling her, Jack bent his knees, bracing them against the
front of the bench.  Betty growled, shifting her thighs from side
to side and loving the slick rub of her cuntlips.
     His fat, meaty cock-knob pressed her clit.  Betty let out
another cry, throwing her head back.  Her long blonde hair swept
over the floor.  Jack was bracing himself a little more firmly,
going down a little.  Betty wished she could have rocked her body
from side to side.  She wanted to do something.
     "Good, hot pussy, hotter because of the electricity," Jack
groaned.
     He was rubbing his prickhead up against her clit now, teasing
her, sticking it into her cunt hole, then pulling it out.  Betty
nearly went insane.  She shivered, wishing for a moment he would
put the electricity back on.
     He slid his cockhead over the greasy crack of her cuntflesh.
The woman squirmed as much as she could, trying to slide onto that
thick pole of prickmeat.  But her body just wouldn't move.  She
was shaming herself dreadfully like this.
     With a forward shove of his hips, Jack centered his prick
over her cunt hole.  Leaning forward, the big football coach began
squeezing the prick into her hot, sucking little pussy hole.
     "Yeah, good and hot ... man, that's what I was thinking about
when I watched you movin' with the electricity going through you."
     Jack closed his eyes, drinking in the feeling of a hot tight,
wet pussy around his prick.  Betty cried out again, feeling
herself melting as if someone had attached her to a powerline.
She felt the steamy, belly-filling tension increase in her crotch.
She was fucking for the first time in three long years.  Jack
grunted in response to her cries of joy.
     He threw himself onto her body, moving the rings against her
nipples, hurting her, making her cry into the air.
     He glued his mouth to hers, sticking his tongue in, wriggling
it around and around while pinching her nipples against the
clamps.
     Betty fought back, flicking her tongue into his mouth and
nearly drowning on his spit.  His weight nearly crushed her
against the bench.  There was nothing she could do against this
madness.  Her body writhed and tugged madly against the firm
restraints while Jack kept slipping inch after thick, meaty inch
into her cunt hole.
     "Man, this is good, real good!"
     Jack moved his hands around to her nipples, pinching and
twisting them until Betty thought he would surely tear them off.
Jack went back to tonguing her.  The woman found herself going mad
under him, sucking hard, drawing his lips into her mouth.  She
felt the inner edges of his teeth and speared the tip of her
tongue into his mouth.  She could hear him growling against her
lips as he fucked yet more prickmeat into her.
     The rising furnace-like heat in her pussy made her move her
ass again.  Betty felt the splinters biting into her asscheeks.
She liked that feeling.  She tried arching her back when he pulled
his prick out.  The restraints kept her from doing much.  But
Betty found that, by shifting her position a little and letting
her shoulders fall back, she could tighten her cunt a bit more.
She could then feel his cock that much more intensely.
     The coach was sucking on her throat now, cupping his hands
around her ass and squeezing her asscheeks so hard that the woman
finally cried out for him to stop.  She could feel those jagged
nails biting into her flesh.  He kneaded her asscheeks cruelly,
pulling them apart, yanking her asshole out of shape.  Betty had
forgotten about the other people upstairs, about her daughter.
     "More of it, baby.  Ain't all the way in you yet.  Gotta
stick all this meat in before you get a chance to feel my cock all
the way."
     He leaned forward again, bracing his hands on her shoulders.
Betty felt the increased pressure, then felt his hairy belly
grinding against her cuntal mound.  As she felt him grinding
against her harder, the woman moaned, sensing her intestines being
pushed to one side.
     "Oh God, fuck, fuck me, fuck me!  Do it hard!  Do it to me
hard!"
     Betty was going out of her mind.  She could hear herself
sobbing.  The roar of her blood in her ears was nearly deafening.
She jerked her thighs up a little, the restraints keeping her from
moving more.
     Every bump of his cockmeat against her pussy sent her higher
and higher.  Betty knew she was going to climax.  She couldn't
keep herself from that brink.  More perspiration slicked her body,
making her thighs slip around the bonds.  She was going out of
control now, her cunt cinching down on that hunk of cockmeat.
     He was ail the way in her now, gluing his crotch to her cunt,
kissing her, then sucking her throat until Betty thought he would
bite right through her windpipe!  He kept slapping her ass,
hitting her again and again until her ass was red from the blows.
Betty dug her fingernails into her palms again.
     "Man, gonna pop, baby.  Yeah, gonna blow my load right in
your cunt!"
     "Wait!  Oh God, wait, not yet, not yet!" Betty cried, her
voice little more than a whisper.
     "Can't help it, man.  You're too fuckin' uhhhh ... too
fuckin' hot!"
     Betty thrashed against her restraints, her head whipping from
left to right.  The insides of her thighs chilled and burned
alternately as she felt his prick fucking through her pussy faster
and faster.  He was about to cum.  She could tell that from the
way he was fucking her.  The strokes were long and fast while his
breathing caught again and again.
     "Do it, bitch!  Come on, cunt, cum with me!" Betty couldn't
stop herself.  She was feeling that cuntal heat simmering now,
threatening to boil over.  A deep, sobbing breath escaped her as
the cock fucked in even harder than before.  Her entire body
seemed to bulge with excitement.  She couldn't hold back.  Like
Jack, she was on a course now from which she couldn't turn back.
     Jack drew his prick back all the way, leaving only his
cockhead in her pussy.  She felt her cunt vibrating, quivering
with lust, wanting to be filled again.  Betty was at that point of
near madness.  Her mouth opened as she gulped in air.  She was
going to be cumming.  All she needed was that last stroke, that
last fuck-thrust that would pitch her over the edge.
     Jack shoved down all the way, grinding his cockhairs against
her clit while sending streamers of his white-hot jizz into her
pussy-hole.  Betty exploded, her mind blasting into thousands of
brightly colored pieces.  She wept and struggled, her body
straining against the groaning leather restraints.




                             Chapter 6

     "That hurt ... a little," Betty confessed, looking at Jack as
he withdrew from her cunt.
     The big man said nothing for the moment, relishing the
sensation of a slow withdrawal.  Betty, too, kept quiet for the
moment, feeling his softening prickmeat pulling out, shuddering as
her elastic cuntal walls shrank back and touched one another
behind the retreating prick-meat.  Now reality began trickling in.
She was still bound there, stripped and held prisoner in the high
school gymnasium by this maniac.  Now that she had cum and cum
violently, what was he going to do with her?
     "Yeah, that was good, real good," Jack said, rubbing his cum-
smeared prick over her cuntlips, then bracing himself against the
front of the bench.  "Baby, there's a lot I could do with you.
You really dug those electric shocks."
     Betty shivered, wondering if her daughter was asleep yet at
home.
     "And some of my boys could really do a number on you."
     There were some noises behind them.  Jack stiffened for a
moment, his smile deadening.  He looked at their confused pile of
clothes, hesitating.
     Betty felt herself shrinking inside her body.
     What if the principal came back and found them?  She could
just imagine the scandal.  Then Jack's smile returned.
     "One of the boys," he explained.
     Betty twisted her head around, listening to a soft knock on
the door.
     "Coach, came down early to work out and ... what the fuck's
goin' on here?"
     "David Fielding, I want you to meet Mrs. Davis.  She's got a
daughter here at school, from what I hear."
     Betty saw a flicker of amusement across the handsome young
man's face as he shut the door behind her.
     "Yeah, think so.  So, you've been playing some games with
her?"
     Coach Robinson rubbed his cock with one hand, then nodded at
the tangle of rings and wires near the transformer.  "And she
certainly likes to play them.  There's nothing you can't do with
her she won't have fun with, David," Coach Robinson said with a
laugh.
     "You ... you let these boys do things here?" Betty cried.
     "Nothing wrong with that, Mrs. Davis.  Keeps them off the
street."
     "Yeah.  Looks like I can get a little more action this way
than lifting weights."
     "That's in the program for tonight too, David.  We can't lose
that game to South High next week," Coach Robinson said with some
severity.  "On the other hand, a little recreation would be in
order.  You've been working hard for the game."
     Coach Robinson moved to her legs, unbuckling the cuffs and
lowering her feet to the floor.  Betty let out a little groan of
relief.  It felt good having her feet back on the ground.  Her
thighs were starting to hurt from all that stretching.  Next came
the bonds holding her waist and her ankles to the bench.
     When she slowly rose from the bench, Betty felt cramps in her
lower back and neck.  She rubbed her hands briskly over her flesh,
terribly aware of her nakedness in front of the young stud.
     "Like mother, like daughter," David muttered.
     "What?" Betty asked.
     "Nothing.  What do we do now, Coach?"
     "Well, I thought you'd enjoy doing some of your own tying up.
What about those eyehooks in the floor?" Jack said, nodding to the
right.
     David made Betty stand up, leading her to a position near an
overhead pulley assembly.
     "Okay, Mrs. Davis," David said with a sneer, "spread 'em ...
spread those legs so I can tie you up the way you oughtta be."
     "David's a little short on politeness, but he gets his point
across," Coach Robinson said with a short laugh.
     Betty looked at the young man and felt more ill at ease with
him than she had with the coach.  There was more cruelty in his
eyes.  She obeyed, glancing at Coach Robinson who was staring at
the two of them with an air of mild amusement.  Looking down now,
Betty saw that just beyond each of her spread feet a ringbolt in
the floor held a short chain.  Another set of heavy leather
anklets were attached to the ends of those chains.  David fitted
these on her, buckling them tightly around the chafed areas
already pinking her flesh.
     "I'll bring the pulleys down and get the bar, David.  Just
make sure the leather straps are tight."
     "Ow!" Betty yelped;
     "Too tight, Mrs. Davis?  I thought you dug havin' everything
hurt a little," David said.
     Coach Robinson was at the wall, turning a winch, lowering the
single chain down until it was about three feet above her head.
He secured the handle, Then walked over to another of those
hateful green metal cabinets and pulled out a long pole.  There
were leather strips attached to either end of the pole, strips,
Betty guessed, that were going to be fastened to her wrists.
     "Okay, slip the pole ... that's right, right through the
ring.  Okay, that's the way, David.  Now, she's ready to be hauled
up."
     "Raise your arms, bitch."
     Betty flinched but did as she was told.  David moved to
either end of the cock, carefully slipping the thin brown leather
straps around her wrists.  Betty let out a sigh, feeling him
attaching the bonds to her arms.  It was happening all over again-
-this time with her standing up.  The straps around her ankles
were tight.
     "She's ready, man."
     David sauntered over to the winch, unlocking the handle and
starting to turn it clockwise.  The bar above Betty's head slowly
rose so the woman's arms were drawn up higher and higher.  The
tension caused her ankles to tug at their bonds in a futile
effort.  Betty gasped as first one, then the other heel left the
concrete.
     Betty threw her head back, feeling the straining in her arms.
The pressure soon spread to her shoulders and upper back while her
thigh muscles tingled from the tension.  When David finally
stopped turning and flipped the ratchet into place, Betty hung in
the form of a giant X.
     "Uhhhhh, what are you going to do to me?" she cried.
     Betty tried moving, but the tension in the bonds made every
motion painful.  In the end, Betty found the only movement she
could make was turning her head from left to right.
     David came up to her, running his fingers lightly up and down
her strained flesh.  He stopped at her cunt, brushing the still-
swollen meat with the backs of his knuckles.
     "Fuck.  You still got cum comin' out from there," he said,
wiping his hands briskly on his Levi's.
     "I fucked her good, David.  She was really a hellcat.  She
couldn't get enough prickmeat," Coach Robinson said, stepping into
his Levi's a little awkwardly.
     "Bet she couldn't.  These types get fucked, and they want
more."
     "Sounds like you've had her before."
     "Kind of."
     "Her type, eh?  Well, you know what kind of fun you're going
to have now," the coach said.
     "Yeah, first-class slut!"
     David took off his white cotton T-shirt now, throwing it on
the floor, then unfastening his belt and top button.  Betty saw
the bulge in his trousers, nearly as large as the coach's.  She
licked her lips nervously.
     "Cunts.  They're all cunts.  They pretend they don't wanna
get fucked, but then ... man, they can't throw their fuckin' legs
up fast enough." David sauntered up to her, then suddenly cocked
one hand back.
     In an instant she felt his fist slamming into her belly.  She
jerked on the taut bonds as the blow went past the flaccid muscles
of her belly.  Betty gagged, the dull pain seeming to wrench her
insides.  Her eyes opened wide as she stared at the sadistic young
man.
     "Take it easy, David.  You don't want to knock her out of the
game early," Jack warned.
     "She's gonna stay.  The more you dish out, the more she
wants.  You just watch."
     "Then, use the riding crop instead of the belt.  It'll test
her endurance."
     "Yeah, the crop," David agreed.
     "Please, no, no, don't do anything like that.  Oh God, no."
     Betty watched as Coach Robinson handed David another
instrument of torture from one of those metal cabinets.  David was
examining the leather instrument, running his thick fingers over
the straps, then smoothing them over the wrapped handle.  Betty
could almost feel the sting of the leather already as she stared
hopelessly at the crop.
     "Coach Robinson was nice to you.  He didn't use this on you,"
David said.
     "David likes the whip.  He's brought some of the girls down
here.  After a while, they seemed to like the whip too.  Guess
most people do.  They just don't like talking about it to others
at first."
     "No, no!"
     Her forehead creased with terror while cold beads of sweat
dotted her flesh.  Betty jiggled the chains above her, jerking her
body from side to side as she stared wildly at the riding crop.
     "Noooooo!"
     Betty shook her head, the leather cuffs on her wrists
starting to cut into her flesh.  She winced, fighting back the hot
tears welling up in her eyes.
     "Bitch!" David snapped.
     His voice was like a razor, cutting into her consciousness.
Betty's eyes widened even more when he cocked his right arm back.
This time, she knew, there would be no fist slamming into her,
taking away her breath.  She heard the leather straps hissing
through the air.  Then the crop slashed across her right
cheekbone.
     "Yaghghghhhhh!" The force of the blow snapped her head to the
side.
     Again David brought the crop against her face, making the
woman scream and jerk heavily on the bonds stretching her body
from the floor.  The pole above twisted slightly.  But the tension
kept her body in line.  At one point, Betty thought she felt
something pop in her left shoulder as she struggled against the
horrid crop.
     "Bitch.  Bitch slut!" David screamed at her; jabbing the butt
of the crop into her belly.
     Coach Robinson was doing nothing but watching.
     The leather snapped across her face, some of the strands
biting dangerously close to her eyes.
     She tried turning her face away from the dreadful crop,
trying to shield her eyes and nose.
     "You're lower than me, whatever the fuck I am, slut!" David
cried, pulling back for a moment and catching his breath.
     Betty felt the pain in her shoulders getting worse and worse.
He rubbed his upper arm, then moved back into striking range.  How
Betty hated him.  She would have loved tearing one foot loose from
its bonds and crushing his balls with her toes!  As it was all the
woman could do was stand there, stretched, enduring his assault.
     David's whole body was shaking.  He slashed the crop across
Betty's right nipple, the slicing pain of that blow being only the
first agony for the woman.  She screamed, her voice shrilling
higher and higher as she thought he had ripped her nip from her
tit.  A quick look told Betty everything was still there.
     She ground her teeth as another blow bit into her belly.  How
she loathed this young man!  Then came another blow, this one to
the right shoulder!  The sharp, pistol-like report of the snapping
leather against her flesh echoed in the room.
     "Good, David.  Don't forget her ass.  I think she likes to
get whipped in the butt," Coach Robinson suggested.
     "Man, and she's got a good, tight ass for that, coach," David
agreed.
     Betty screwed her face into a mask of twisted hurt.
     "Come on, baby, ain't you got nothin' to say?  You like
this?" David asked.
     "No, no, damn you, no!"
     "Fuckin' liar, Coach.  We don't like liars around here, do
we?"
     David slashed the end of the crop across her face once more,
nearly tearing her upper lip off.  Betty snapped her head back,
feeling the silky sweep of her long blonde hair across the tops of
her asscheeks.  More perspiration gathered around her forehead,
dripping down the sides of her face.  David lashed out again,
bringing the leather down hard just above her navel.  Betty's eyes
bugged out.  It was as if she had been punched in the gut a second
time.
     "Yaghghghghhhh!"
     David moved a little closer, letting the crop dangle limply
from one hand.  She felt him grabbing at her cunt, twisting the
hairs and her pussy lips in his fist.  The pulling, tearing
sensation blasted through the woman like being cut by a rusty
knife.
     "No ... ooowwwwww!  Oh no, no, don't do that ... oh God, no
... oh God!"
     Betty felt her guts wrenching apart from the pain.  Jack
Robinson kept laughing at her from behind while David was busily
tearing her to pieces!
     "Goddamned cunt.  Fuckin' slut.  You're all alike--you and
your daughter and all of 'em.  Cock tease, and then you hide it
away like some fuckin' kind of prize.  You ain't no prize, baby,
no prize at all."
     "No, no!"
     He slapped her again and again, backhanding her, his knuckles
bruising her flesh.  Betty struggled, dragging herself a bit
higher on the chain.  How the leather was biting into her ankles,
cutting the circulation off from her toes.  She had to ease
herself back down even though it meant more pain from this hideous
young man.
     He lashed the crop across her face again, tearing at her
lips, her forehead, the tops of her tits.  She felt her tits
slapping against one another while the leather strings snapped
again and again against her hardening nipples.  David knew what he
was doing, timing his strokes so Betty wouldn't be ready for them.
     Betty looked down, blinking away hot, blinding tears.  He was
hard.  She could barely make out the rounded, pointy tip of his
cock which rose past his opened Levi's waistband.  He enjoyed this
immensely, perhaps even more than Coach Robinson.  David was a
true sadist, enjoying her pain immensely.  Betty struggled against
him, rattling the chain above her, hearing her own panting breaths
as he paused once more for rest.
     Betty felt her hands going numb.  She screamed at him,
dragging out filthy words she hadn't said in years.  He was
turning her into a rutting, horrid animal with his whip, his
insults, his hand!
     "Animal!" she shouted at him, spit flying from her mouth.
     "Yeah, and you're my bitch, baby.  Ruttin' like some fuckin'
slut dog in the gutter.  That's what you are.  Stoke up that back
and, man, she's got 'er ass up in the air, wantin' my prick!"
     "No, liar!  Liar!"
     The strokes of the crop crossed her nipples, burning into the
sensitive tips like melting sulfur.  David moved around to one
side, drawing the crop back, then sending the thin leather strips
forward against her thighs.
     "Man, she's beggin' for more!" David laughed.
     "Seems like Mrs. Davis can't get enough of you ... or me, for
that matter."
     David narrowed his eyes, wiping the sweat off his face with
the back of one hand.  "Man, she's gonna be gettin' more 'n she
bargained for when I get through with 'er."
     He started beating her thighs savagely, still keeping the
leather away from her pussy.  Betty threw her head back again and
again, feeling that tantalizing hot tickle rage through her pussy.
Fuck juice flowed from her pussy, wetting down her blonde cuntal
curls, plastering them against her swollen pussy meat.  Her thighs
tightened, relaxed, then tightened once more.
     That pain in her thighs and near her crotch aroused her.
Betty couldn't tell which was worse--the gruesome excitement of
David, or her own flashes of furnace heat under the pain in her
cunt.
     Suddenly the battle was changing.  David still beat at her
tits and thighs, but now he slowed down, rubbing one hand over her
cuntal mound.  Betty let out a long sigh.  This was going to be a
long, long night.




                             Chapter 7

     David twisted her cunthairs again, pulling them from her
pussy while stroking her thighs with the cold black leather of the
riding crop.  Then the young stud pushed his face deep between her
tits, twisting his head around and sucking on her aching nipples.
     Betty cried out, her legs shaking violently and nearly
tearing the leather bonds keeping them fastened to the floor.  She
could feel her fuck juices running like molten lava.
     "Man, man, she's hot," David said.
     "Like a Goddamned griddle.  She'll burn up your dick if you
get a chance to stick it in.  Man, she cried, David, when I fucked
her," the coach said.
     David moved around to her ass, biting her flesh, sliding the
leather crop around her thigh.  Then he backed away.  Betty
couldn't see him.  But she saw his shadow on the floor to her
right, cast there by the light bulb overhead.  She could see that
awful arm cocking back, getting ready to strike.  She clenched her
teeth, watching as the shadow cut across her body.  And then there
was the bite of the whip, the kiss of leather hissing against her
flesh.  The strands smacked dryly against her right asscheek.
     Betty's body snapped forward, prevented from going any
farther by the restraints.  She twisted her wrists in them,
bobbing up and down with short, jerky movements as yet another
stroke carried the leather to the inner curves of her tight
asscheek.  A third blow yanked her asshole out of shape, sending
lewd, hot streamers of pain up her spine.
     Betty hated herself, hated herself for giving into this vile
young man.  First the electricity, then this!  When would it end?
     "You know, bitch, there's somethin' I gotta tell you," David
said in a husky voice.  "Your fuckin' daughter ... she's been with
me, man.  I fucked the shit outta her."
     It was a lightning revelation to Betty.  She wanted to scream
"liar" at him, but Annette's sulkiness, her jumping whenever the
phone rang, everything in her recent attitude suddenly made sense.
Rage filled the woman as she jerked futilely against her chains,
screaming.
     "Looks like you stepped on a sensitive nerve, David," Coach
Robinson said.
     "Man, she's gotta know.  I'm gonna have some of the guys
bring the little bitch down here when they come down for the late
workout.  Gotta see the two of 'em together.  Bet it'll be one
helluva show."
     "Leave her alone!  Oh God, leave her alone!" Betty cried.
She couldn't stand to think of Annette going through something
like this, especially in front of her.
     David brought the crop down again against her asshole, the
resulting pain ending Betty's screaming for the moment.
     "Man, hot ass, hot everything," David muttered.
     He dropped the crop for a moment, opening his Levi's and
letting his fat prick tumble out.  Betty stared at his cock as he
walked around to the front again, working his fingers up and down
the stiffening prick.  He had fucked her daughter with that thing?
No wonder Annette was upset, Betty thought.  And now they were
going to drag her here.
     "You'll never get in.  The school guards--" Betty stared to
say.
     "They ain't gonna notice nothin'.  Coach here's taken care of
them lettin' us in the back way without thinkin' twice.  They're
old men.  We'll get around 'em.  Yeah--gonna be a real show."
     Betty couldn't help herself now as she stared at that massive
cock poking out between David's halved Levi's.  She felt her
nipples, sore and throbbing, puckering into stiff points in spite
of her horror.  Her big tits were flattened somewhat by the
extension of her trussed-up arms.  David let his pants drop, the
fat, long cock jutting toward Betty.
     David picked up his crop, winding the top thong around his
wrist.  Betty's spirits sank.  He was going to hit her again.  He
walked in front of her, riding crop trailing across the underswell
of her tits.  Then, with a quick, savage movement, David slashed
the crop across both nipples.  Betty squealed, seeing bright
yellow flashes explode in front of her eyes.  Her tits bounced
from the impact, each vibration sending more and more pain into
her brain.  Her right nipple felt as if it were half-torn from her
tit.
     David smiled grimly at her.  Then he slashed a broad X across
her belly.
     Then he went a little wild, hitting down under her kneecap
with the middle of his crop.  Betty jerked as if the coach had
touched her once more with the electrodes.  David moved around,
beating the leather against her soles, sending rushes of
incredible pain up her legs.  Her head sank back and her mouth
opened.  Again and again David brought the black leather against
her ass making sure the crop bit into her gray/pink asshole flesh.
     Betty wanted to beat her fists against him, against
something!  But there was nothing around.  Instead she let the
cuffs slice into her wrists.
     The leather smacked dryly again and again.  Her ass was on
fire.  There were times when Betty thought her skin was splitting
from the repeated blows.
     David stopped hitting her with the crop, turning the
instrument around and shoving the rounded handle into her ass
hole.  Betty's face blanched, her nostrils flaring as she felt
that awful thing slide up her shitter.  Her belly quaked while the
woman made harsh, gagging sounds.  No, no, he was tearing
something back there, stretching her asshole with that riding
crop!  The woman screamed, her body quivering as three inches of
the handle made their way up into her bowels.
     "Man, you think she's loose enough back there to take my
prick?" David asked.
     "Doubt it, David.  Look at the way she's carrying on.  You'd
probably have her bringing down the security guard if you ass-
fucked her now."
     The stud twisted the crop around in her asshole, until Betty
thought her shitter would rip.  Just then, she heard the sounds of
more people outside.
     "Just the others, baby," David said, smacking her ass
lightly, then yanking the crop out.
     Betty felt as if he'd pulled out a fistful of assguts.  She
shivered, stretched there between the floor and ceiling as David
went through her purse, pulled out her driver's license, and gave
her address to two of his buddies who stayed outside the door.
They tried peeking in, but David was firm.
     "Bring the slut's daughter down here.  Then you can have all
the fun you want with her.  Me and the coach are workin' on mom
over there."
     They disappeared in a hurry.  Betty felt her heart sinking as
once more she thought of her daughter and what was about to befall
her.
     "Oh God, not Annette, not her, not my daughter here," she
sobbed.
     "Christ, I'm gettin' fuckin' sick and tired of listenin' to
her mouth," David growled, striking Betty once more across the ass
with the crop.
     "Then let's shut her up." Coach Robinson walked to one of the
cabinets and pulled out a large red rubber ball.  Two straps led
from the sides of the ball while two thinner ones dangled from the
top.  He moved around to the front of the stretched woman.  "Open
your mouth."
     Jack shoved the ball in, rolling it back until it was nearly
pressing up against her molars.
     Betty swallowed hard, able to taste the pungent flavor of the
latex.  Coach Robinson pulled the side straps around her cheeks,
fastening them at the back of her head.  The two straps he
threaded on either side of her nose, slipping them around the rear
straps and securing them firmly over the buckle.  Betty worked her
tongue around the ball, pushing it forward a bit so she could
swallow more easily.  Her jaws hurt already from being stretched
apart so far!
     David experimented with her, bringing the crop down hard
across her asscheeks.  Betty screamed, but the gagging ball
prevented her from doing anything more than making muffled cries.
     "That's better, man.  She was gettin' on my nerves with all
that fuckin' yellin'," David said.
     David resumed poking the crop up Betty's ass, watching her
face as he twisted the instrument farther and farther up her
shitter.  Betty tried pushing her knees apart.  But the restraints
on her ankles and the bar overhead prevented her from doing much.
When he had shoved nearly four inches of the rod up her asshole,
the young boy stopped.  He slipped one hand around her cunt and
found to his delight that Betty was still juicing.
     She shamed herself again.  She should have been terrified,
screaming her head off, sobbing.  But instead she was getting hot,
showing them all that no matter what they did to her she was still
in heat against her will.
     "Bitch.  Still wants a good fuck," David muttered.
     "I'll show you one way to warm her up until she's practically
percolating in front of you," Coach Robinson said.  "I wired her
up over there.  I'm not going to do that now.  Too much trouble."
He walked to the cabinets.  "But here's something you can use
that'll give you an idea what she was like."
     It was a dildo--a long, pink dildo with shiny metal strips
wrapped tightly against the pink latex.  It gave the instrument
the shape of a strange barber pole.
     "Be sure you don't touch the metal when you switch it on.
Hold it here," Jack said, tapping one finger at the base of the
latex prick.
     "Man, she's gonna get one hell of a fuck with this mother,
huh?"
     David did as he was instructed, holding the dildo carefully
in one hand while switching a tiny button on with the other.
There was no sound as there had been with the transformer.  There
were no sparks, nothing to suggest there was anything different
going on.  But Betty, as she looked down horrified at the thing,
knew it was going to hurt her as much as the electrodes had.
     David spread her hot, slick pussy lips apart, hesitating for
only a moment, then pushing the head of the dildo in.
     Betty felt her cuntal muscles spasming down on the invading
dildo.  The first metal band hadn't touched her yet.  She sucked
in air and held her breath until her eyes swam.  They would surely
kill her with the games they were playing.  David twisted more of
the dildo in.  Betty grunted.  Heat flashed up from her crotch to
her asshole and nipples, making them throb obscenely.  He twisted
in another inch.  And then the first metal band came in contact
with her juicy cuntal flesh.
     Betty strained against her bonds, her toes and fingers
curling until they cramped.  It was like having a million tiny,
sharp teeth nibbling into her clit and pussy!  She let out the air
with a muffled gusting sound as the voltage shot up her cunt.
That thing couldn't possibly have the amperage the transformer
had.  But there was still enough electricity to make the woman
bounce against her chains.  David laughed, fucking yet more of the
dildo into her.
     He nearly had all nine inches of the thing in her, the metal
bands searing the walls of her convulsing pussy.  He was making
her cum, and cum hard.  The electricity was doing crazy things to
her cunt.  The muscles were contracting, relaxing, then
contracting again.  Betty wanted to kick her legs free.  All she
could do was pull them hard against the leather straps and feel
the resulting cutting sensation against her ankles.
     David started fucking that thing back and forth in long,
slow, stroking motions.  The voltage increased then decreased,
depending on how far he lucked the dildo in and out.
     "Hey, Coach, she's cummin'.  I mean, she's really poppin'
off, and I don't think she can stop," David said, pleased with his
work and pulling out the dildo and handing it to the coach.
     "Don't worry about it, David.  This one's hot.  I don't think
she's going to give up cumming for a long time," the coach said,
rubbing his prick through his gym shorts.
     "Man, gotta fuck this chick.  I ain't gonna stand here and
watch her pop off without my cock in 'er.  Her daughter was a hot
fuck.  Bet this one'll top even that," David said, grabbing one of
the nearby chairs and dragging it over to Betty.
     Betty watched as David slipped the chair in front of her,
then climbed atop the seat, his fat cock still wagging like a
flagpole in front of her.  Stretching his thick-muscled arms over
her head, he began unfastening the straps--first the left, then
the right.  The sudden release of tension from her arms made Betty
slip back, her heels crashing to the floor.  David caught her just
in time, rubbing his hands freely over her ass-cheeks, then
slipping the chair around behind the hot, frantic woman.
     The bonds still kept her ankles fastened securely to the
floor.  When Betty bent her knees and sat in the chair, she
realized immediately a large hole was cut in the center of the
seat.  Her asscheeks puckered together, sagging toward the floor.
She started to rise, but the young stud shoved her back down.
     "Ain't no mistake, cunt.  That's the way it's supposed to
be."
     Coach Robinson brought out that awful electrified dildo
again, this time having mounted it on a long two-inch diameter
pole fastened to a small round stand.
     "Thought this would keep you company while you're waiting for
your daughter," Jack said, positioning the dildo under the chair.
     Betty's eyes widened when she felt the smooth plastic
cockhead rubbing up against her ass.  The dildo was pressing up
against her cunt now, forcing the outer swollen cunt lips in.
Betty tried jerking up in her seat.  But David only shoved her
down roughly by the shoulders.  In a moment, the fat plastic cock
had forced its way back into her cunt hole, stretching her pussy
walls apart and burrowing deep into her body.  Betty let out a
long groan of defeat, her head snapping back.
     "Here, come on, David, can't let her arms go free like that.
No telling what she'll do," the coach said.
     Betty swallowed hard behind the gagging latex ball once more,
her blue eyes moving from side to side.  More rope, this time
cinched around her mid-arm.  She sighed gratefully that David and
Jack had decided not to chafe her wrists any more.  The young stud
slipped the rope three times around her arm, securing both arms
with double figure-eights.  Coach Robinson switched the battery on
that electrified dildo, sending a current into her pussy.
     "I think she likes this, man.  She's diggin' gettin' reamed
out more by that thing than by us," David said.
     "Let's see how much more she enjoys this in the end," Jack
sneered.
     "Man, this time I wanna hear the bitch," David growled,
reaching around and unfastening both sets of straps and popping
the ball from Betty's mouth.
     The woman turned her head around and spat out foul-tasting
spit, shuddering as the current from the dildo began pricking her
clit more and more.
     "Groove it on, man, fuck her in the ass.  I did that to her
daughter, and she was hungry for cockmeat up there."
     "No, no, you didn't!" Betty cried, horrified at the news.
"Annette would never ... never let something like that happen!"
     David laughed, jacking his cock a little, then crawling up on
her knees.  Betty groaned from the playful weight of his body on
hers.  In a moment he was standing on her thighs, his feet
crushing her.  Bending his knees slightly, he wiped his prick
across her eyes, her nose, her forehead.
     "Man, she couldn't get enough of my prickmeat.  If I wasn't
so fuckin' tired that night, I could've fucked 'er till daylight."
     Coach Robinson slipped under the seat, his cock now hard and
hot, jutting up from around the stretched legband of his white gym
shorts.  Betty shivered again, feeling his hands sliding around
the armrests of the chair and touching her belly.
     "You're going to have a woman's dream come true--fucked in
all holes, and at once."
     "No, no, no!"
     David's cock in her mouth proved a more effective gag than
the ball.




                             Chapter 8

     Betty tried twisting her head away, but David gripped her
hair tightly, twisting it around until the woman sobbed in pain.
Bending his knees a little more until he was touching her tits
with them, he shoved his cock to her lower lip.  Betty opened her
mouth reluctantly, flicking her tongue around the tip of his
prick.
     "That's it, baby, get a good lick of my meat.  Yeahhhhh, good
hot lick.  Fuck, should've had your daughter do that.  She's got a
sweet mouth.  Maybe I'll have 'er clean out my asshole first, then
shove my cock up her."
     Betty tried pulling away as if she could escape the horrible
flow of words.  But David's grip on her hair was too firm.  She
could feel individual strands ripping from her scalp, the shocks
of pain bringing yet more tears to her eyes.  The woman inhaled
sharply, opening wider.  In a moment she felt that fat pole
fucking down her throat, felt the meaty prickhead brushing over
her molars and down until his cock was touching her tonsils.  She
closed her lips around his cock, feeling the thick blue veins
sliding back and forth, back and forth.
     David was grunting happily now, holding her head with both
hands, his fingers fanned out over her ears while he fucked his
cock back and forth.  At times, he shifted his thighs from left to
right, shoving his cockhead against her cheeks and making them
puff out even more.
     Betty coughed, gagging as the taste of his jizz coated the
inside of her mouth and throat quickly.  It was a bleachy, flat-
tasting flavor.
     "This'll make it go down easier," Coach Robinson said,
spitting into his right palm and greasing down his cock.
     Seconds later, Betty felt a rude forefinger pry into her
shitter, squirming around and around, stabbing deep into her
assguts.
     She jerked up from the seat, the ankle and arm bonds keeping
her in place.  The dildo in her cunt seemed amplified somehow
although no one had touched the controls.  Betty squirmed her ass
against the open-bottomed seat, swallowing down the thick long
inches of cockmeat David was feeding her while Coach Robinson slid
his knees under the wooden chair a bit more and shoved up.
     Betty felt the pressure, the terrible pressure of his
prickhead against her asshole.  At first she thought he would
never push that cock in.  His prick was far too big, too massive.
Her ass-ring even refused to give way one inch, the pulsating
pressure pulling the flesh of her asscheeks downward and inward.
He steadied his cock with one hand, moving his prick around until
the fat prickhead touched her shitter lips.  Betty panicked, her
guts wrenching while her thighs tightened.
     "Nooooffffff!" she screamed around David's cock.
     Coach Robinson nearly raised the chair from the floor with
his massive upward thrust.  Betty howled frantically around
David's mouth-filling prick as she jerked her arms against the
rope restraints.  She could hardly breathe from the pressure, from
the pain!
     "In her, Coach?"
     "Yeah, yeah, all the way ..."
     It was a lie.  Betty knew only his prickhead had slipped past
her asshole.  But he was spreading her asscheeks with both hands,
stroking her stretched wrinkled asshole lips with his thumbs to
ease their tension so he could slip more of his prick into her.
When that failed, Coach Robinson moved one hand around to the
dildo, wriggling it, forcing it up against her clit.  The touch of
that electrified cock against her nerve-rich sex center sent Betty
flying higher and higher.  She jerked up from the wooden chair,
her flesh straining, her bones rattling as a series of mini
orgasms took her by surprise.  Her muscles relaxed and contracted
in unpredictable ways.  Jack was able to slip half of his prick
into her bowels before she had a chance to stop him.
     David jerked her hair again, shoving his prick all the way
in.  Betty felt his balls pillowing up against her chin as the
coach's prick seemed to slide in and nudge her stomach.  She was
filled--fucked in the mouth, in the cunt, in the ass!  Both men
stopped for a second, looking down at the triple violated woman.
     "Christ, she's got so much cock in her she can hardly
breathe!" David grunted.
     "You were right, David.  She's good and hot and tight.  Don't
find these kind of women around all the time.  We'd better hold on
to her."
     "Wait till you see the daughter."
     Betty wriggled her tongue around the mouth-fucking prick,
sucking so hard her cheeks caved in.  She started enjoying this
new gag, this cock sliding in over the top of her tongue and
bumping up against her tonsils.  The rub of his hairy balls
against her chin added to her delight as well.  She tugged her
feet upward, pulling at the restraints holding her feet flat to
the floor.  Coach Robinson fucked his prick up until his cock was
fitted all the way up her ass.  Betty groaned, her ass clamping
down tight.  And, all the while, that dildo was vibrating inside
her, sending the steady current of battery electricity racing into
her clit.
     "Let's fuck her in time, David.  That'll send her up the
wall."
     "Yeah, come on, baby, go for it."
     They began together, drawing out, then sliding in, Coach
Robinson gripping the dildo with one hand and reaming back and
forth.  Betty shuddered, tasting more and more jizz on her tongue.
David was getting hot, getting ready to spray her throat.  She
swallowed another load of cum-flavored spit.
     "Uh, Christ, she's good," David gasped, pressing his
fingertips hard against the sides of her skull.
     She laved her tongue around the long fat cock, swallowing
more spit, moving her ass from left to right and feeling the thick
length of that prick up her ass.
     "Gonna make it, David.  Gonna spray this cunt with my jizz,"
Coach Robinson said.
     Betty shuddered again as she felt him stop his ass-fucking.
His prick seemed to be jumping around inside her ass, actually
growing thicker as the seconds ticked by.  David stopped as well,
letting out small low groans.  Then Coach Robinson swore, his
fingers gripping the handles of the chair.  He nearly overturned
them all, shoving his prick up hard again and again against her
ass.  David steadied himself, holding onto Betty's head more
firmly while shoving his prick all the way in.
     The woman gagged, spittle frothing around the stretched
corners of her lips.  She heard Jack shouting something below her.
And then it was like getting a warm enema.  She could feel hot
white cum shooting into her bowels, slicking down her ass-tube.
Jack was swearing, his hands striking Betty against the belly.
She could hear his feet kicking out under her while he fired load
after load of his spunk from his tight, heavy balls.
     "Man, doin' it!"
     David was next.  Striking the woman twice across the ears, he
held onto her hair, tugging savagely as he shot into Betty's
sucking mouth.
     "Uhhhhhhh ... man, take it, bitch.  Come on and swallow it
... oh yeah, yeah, suck it on down, suck it on down all the way!"
David cried.
     Betty did as she was told.  It was wonderful, this savagery
she was wallowing in.  Her mind had shattered.  She sucked on
David's cock as if his prick were giving her life and clenched her
asshole onto Jack's still-shooting cock.  She was being inundated
by spunk.  Her pussy tightened on the dildo, jerking it nearly out
of the coach's hands.
     Jack laughed, firmly gripping the plastic prick and twisting
it all the way in.  Betty let out a grateful moan, her thighs
ridging with tension as she bounced her ass over the fucking
prick.
     "Man, this cunt's unreal.  She still wants more," the young
stud said, shaking his head.
     "She'll get more.  She won't be able to walk for a week after
we get through with her," Coach Robinson assured David.
     "Yeah, man, that's it, fucked right into the hospital," David
sneered.
     David pulled his prick out, wiping the tip over her lips
while Coach Robinson withdrew his cock slowly from her asshole.
Betty felt like she was taking a shit.  Betty reddened, wondering
if she would disgrace herself.  Her shitter lining was closing
down behind the retreating cockhead.  Coach Robinson kept the
dildo in her cunt until he had pulled the full length of his cock
from her shitter.
     David watched as coach Robinson slipped the plastic prick
from the woman's cunt, wiping it on his shorts.  He drew it up to
his nose and sniffed.
     "Hot pussy.  There's nothing like the smell of a woman's cunt
when it's up and ready for a fucking," Coach Robinson said, waving
the dildo in front of David's nose.  The young stud was obviously
pleased with what he smelled.
     "You're awful ... both of you.  You should be locked up,"
Betty said, finally able to speak.
     "Baby, you aren't going to have much say in it.  You wanted
this bad, and there's no way you'll be able to prove we raped
you."
     "Rape?"
     David let out a guffaw.  "Man, if anything, her and her
daughter oughtta be brought up on that charge."
     "Okay, David, let's take her to the tub," the coach said.
     "The tub?" Betty asked, dazed.
     Davis unfastened the cuffs holding her feet to the floor.  It
was a relief having the bonds released once more.  She felt the
blood rushing to her toes, making them burn and tingle.
     "Come on, time's wastin'."
     David scooped her up from the chair, steadying the woman as
they walked across the large room, past those horrible green metal
cabinets and through a back doorway.
     As she walked, Jack's hot cum dribbled from her asshole,
wetting down the backs of her moving thighs.  She wanted to reach
back and clean herself off.  But that move would only bring about
more ridicule.
     "Okay, there she is," Jack said as they entered another room.
     The room was small--approximately ten feet by eight.  In the
center was a large old-fashioned white porcelain tub with four
curved supporting legs.  A small sink to the right was the only
other furnishing.
     "Get in, and, when you're in, get on your knees," Coach
Robinson said.
     Betty bowed her head, meekly passing the two men and climbing
in.  The porcelain was cold to the touch as she slipped to her
knees.  Betty braced her hands on either side of the tub, noticing
the bottom appeared stained with something.
     Coach Robinson was the first to come up to the edge of the
tub, scratching his hairy belly and staring with satisfaction at
the woman.
     "That's good.  Now I'm coming in.  Move back just a little,"
he said, raising one leg and hauling himself into the tub.
"Right.  Now, don't move.  David, you've never done this, so watch
I think you'll find it interesting."
     "Never found nothin' you done, Coach, uninteresting," David
replied with a shit-eating grin.
     "What ... what are you going to do to me here?" Betty asked,
her mind whirling around with all sorts of possibilities.
     Coach Robinson said nothing, shoving his thumbs under his
shorts and pushing them to his knees.  At first she thought it
would be another blow-job.  But here?  And so soon after they had
fucked?  She saw his prick--long and thick, flaccid, not rising
one inch from his thighs.  No, this wouldn't be an ordinary fuck.
     "Now, tilt your head up.  That's right, just look at me."
     He was taking his cock in one hand, rolling the prickhead
around between his right thumb and forefinger.  The piss-slit
opened.  A horrible thought rushed through Betty's mind, one that
made her open her mouth in horror.  He was going to piss on her!
That was why they were in this tub.  That was why Jack wasn't
getting hard.
     A chill of revulsion rippled up and down her spine as she
drew back, one hand clamped to her mouth.  She could feel sour
bile rising in her tightening throat.  They had gone too far.
Betty shook her head, her eyes wide with terror as she watched
first one yellowish drop, then another bubble up to his piss-slit.
     "Get back there, baby, you aren't going to climb out of here.
David's behind you, ready to shove you right back in.  And," Coach
Robinson said, kicking her lightly in the soft swell of her lower
belly, "you wouldn't want something like that to happen, would
you?"
     Betty shook her head again from right to left, dropping the
hand from her mouth.  She pushed forward, realizing her flesh had
warmed part of the white porcelain tub floor.  Jack pursed his
lips together triumphantly, bending his knees slightly and
spreading his feet farther apart.  Betty heard him fart.  He was
smirking down at her.
     "Do everything I tell you to," Jack said.
     "Yes," she said in a timid voice.
     Jack walked up a little farther, bending his knees a bit more
than before.  Betty watched, her eyes nearly crossing as the fat
cockhead dangled in front of her, pointing straight at her nose.
     "You do everything right and maybe we won't be so hard on you
like before."
     More piss drops appeared, dripping down between Betty's
spread knees.  She felt the last of Jack's cum seeping from her
asshole.  Then she sucked in a ragged breath, holding it until she
thought her lungs would burst.  The drops turned quickly into a
twisting yellowish stream.  He lowered his cock, pissing first in
the space between her splayed knees and watching with satisfaction
as droplets bounced up into her cunt.  Jack enjoyed watching the
disgust registering on her face.  Betty tried to keep as calm as
possible.  But the thought that this man was about to piss on her
revolted the woman.
     He moved the stream up, directing it right into her navel.
Betty wanted to retch, but managed to keep herself under control.
 From the corner of one eye she could see David standing there,
hands on his hips, grinning with satisfaction as he watched his
coach pissing on her.  More of the hot, oily piss spattered onto
her belly.  Betty wanted to pull back, to twist around and clamber
from the tub.  But instead she remained there kneeling, not moving
an inch, her chin tilted up as more and more piss spattered
against her flat belly then dripped to the tub's bottom.  In a
moment it was swirling around down the drain.  The piss came and
came, washing over her, slicking her cunt now.  Betty felt the hot
liquid seeping through her greased-down cunt hairs, splashing over
her hips, dribbling down more and more, until the gurgling in the
drain was a steady sound.  She shivered once more, blinking her
eyes.  She tried shaking those vile drops from her body.
     Jack stopped, wagging his prick up and down.  A few drops
struck her chin.  Betty covered her mouth, turning around and
dropping her head over one side of the tub.  It was all she could
do to keep from vomiting.  The stench between her legs was growing
worse and worse.  She was kneeling in a sewer, one Jack had
created just for her.
     "Come on, Betty, don't move.  You told me you were going to
obey us.  So, you're going to have to stay still.  I like it that
way."
     She shut her eyes, biting her lips to keep from crying out in
rage and disgust.  The thin, hot spray was starting up again.
This time Jack directed it up at her tits, making sure the pee
stung her nipples, then splashed up to her mouth.  This was too
much!  She clapped her hand over her lips again falling backward.
Her legs kicked out, rubbing up against the slick bottom.  She was
wallowing in his piss, almost bathing in it.
     "Man, she don't seem to understand what you want," David
said.
     "Too bad.  She could've saved herself a whole lot of trouble.
But still," Coach Robinson said, sighing with some disappointment.
The stream had stopped again.
     Betty shook the piss from her body, staring up hatefully at
the big man towering over her.
     "You want more of that in there?" Coach Robinson said,
gesturing with one hand toward the large room behind them.
     "No, no!" she wailed, shaking her head.
     "Then don't fuck around with us any more.  Her hands came
down.  Her face was calm except for a small tic along her right
cheek.  He finished pissing on her belly, flicking off a droplet
that struck her chin.  Betty was proud of herself.  She didn't
move.
     "Now, David, you've watched me.  You do the same thing.
Careful.  The tub's slick with piss."
     Coach Robinson climbed up, hitching up his shorts as David
climbed into the tub and directed his cock right at the woman's
face.
     "No, please, not in my face, not there!" Betty wailed, unable
to keep herself from shouting.
     "I'll piss on you anywhere I damned well choose," he shot
back, his cock bobbing between his fingers.
     Betty cringed, waiting for the next stream of piss.




                             Chapter 9

     Betty looked up.  She saw his balls.  "Now, open that fuckin'
mouth.  Yeah, that's right.  Now lemme see your fuckin' tongue.
Yeah, you oughtta be proud of it.  That tongue's terrific!  Man,
the way it was movin' around my cock made me want to cum a helluva
lot sooner than I finally did."
     Betty closed her eyes again, taking deep, puffing gasps.  She
could feel her large tits rising and falling with her chest, the
full tits rubbing against one another.  David moved one foot up to
her pussy, pressing his big toe up into the fur-edged pussy slit.
     The way it was rubbing up against her clit made the woman let
out a groaning gasp.  He was fucking her with his toe, rubbing the
jagged nail up against her clit.
     When she moved, David reached down and slapped her cruelly,
his fingers leaving long red marks on her cheek.  The blow rattled
her teeth.  But somehow Betty managed to stay upright,
straightening herself, watching her tormentor with fixed eyes.  He
was moving back now, bracing his legs against the front edge of
the tub.  Most of the coach's piss had gurgled down the drain in
front of her.  A dull sheen glistened from the bottom of the tub,
the remnants of Jack's pissing spree.
     David began, directing the spray straight into her mouth.  It
was like getting hit by a brick.  The force of his stream nearly
knocked the back of her skull off.  Betty steadied herself,
feeling nothing but the hot, stinging rush of bladder fluid
against the back of her throat and against her tonsils.  It was
only moments later when she began tasting the urine and smelling
it.  She started closing her mouth, the horror of this situation
sinking in once more.  The piss spattered against her front teeth
and lips, sending fine droplets all over her face.
     The resulting spray was nearly blinding.  She turned her head
one way, then the other, trying to avoid the piss.  But David kept
up with her, spraying into her mouth, then into her hair, finally
winding up wetting down her eyes and ears with his piss.  She fell
back, her legs kicking out once more and nearly up-ending the
young stud.  He swore at her, never stopping his steady spray of
piss.  Behind her, Betty could hear Jack congratulating the boy
for his endurance.
     She felt David's toe again, this time kicking into her pussy.
She felt her clit aching with the strain of an oncoming orgasm.
She shuddered, curling her fingers and digging the nails into her
thighs.  She was going to cum!  Oh God, just as he was going dry
she was going to cum!
     "David, I think she's rutting again.  She's having another
climax.  Better do something about it.  A woman can't cum high and
dry.  It's not right."
     She threw her head back, her hair dancing along her
shoulders.  Her eyes screwed into a squint, Betty dropped her
hands to her cunt.  With her thumbs she peeled back the outer cunt
lips, rubbing her nails along the sensitive flesh between her
smaller and larger lips.
     "Here, baby, I can do that better for you.  I got a better
aim." David was fucking her with his toes, laughing at her piss-
slicked face and body while screwing his toe up into her cunt.
     And what was terrible, what was so humiliating about all this
was how much she loved him doing this.  Through a red mist she saw
his cock hard, dry.  His eyes were shut now while his toe kept
fucking in and out against her shuddering clit.
     Betty could hardly speak.  Licking her dry lips, the woman
thrashed around the tub, slicking her body even more with the piss
while David kept his toenail pressed evenly against her clit.  She
exploded over and over, feeling the world dropping away.
     "Damned cunt came while I was doing this.  Man, oh man,"
David sighed.
     David reached down, his prick bobbing in Betty's face.  Half-
conscious from her climax, she wanted to take that hot cock in her
mouth and suck one more time.
     There was no mercy in David's eyes.  He struck her across the
face with the back of one hand, knocking her sharply against the
back of the tub.  Betty heard the dull sound of her skull hitting
the porcelain.  Then everything went black.

                           *     *     *

     How long she had been out, Betty had no idea.  When she
awoke, she realized she had been taken from the tub and washed.
Even before opening her eyes, she could smell the fresh soap on
her flesh.
     It was also then she realized they had bound her once more.
She felt her body rubbing up against a wall, her nipples
frictioning over the rough surface.  A metal band had been clamped
around her neck, keeping her face up against the surface.  She
could turn her head around barely.  Two wrist restraints, also
bolted to the wall and holding her arms out crucifixion style,
kept her up in spite of her unconscious state.
     Stiffening her legs, Betty was able to take the strain from
her arms and neck.  Behind her, she heard a groan.  Someone else
was in the room, someone who was suffering as much as she was.
Betty slowly turned her head and saw a young teen dangling from
the pulley assembly in a wildly contorted position.
     "Annette!" she cried.
     The young girl jerked in response to her name.  With small
movements she was able to twist around and face her mother.  The
ropes pulled awkwardly on her body.  It was a terrible punishment,
one the coach and David must have spent some time thinking of.
     "Why ... why did they come for me?" Tears stained the girl's
flushed face as she fought back the sobs.
     "I ... I can't explain, Annette."
     "And, Mom, what are you doing here?" The teen's voice
cracked.
     "I ... I came for parents' night and somehow the coach and I
..." Betty couldn't finish, the metal collar around the back of
her neck forcing her to gasp in pain.  She pressed one cheek
against the cinderblock wall, then fought for control once again.
     "And David ... and his friends." Annette's voice broke again,
choked off by her hysterical sobs.  "They came and practically
raped me right there in my own room." Annette wailed her
frustration, shaking the tears from her eyes.  "They said you were
having a good time and wanted me to join in."
     "That's not true, Annette!  They forced me here, and then
found out you were my daughter.  The boy, David, he was the one
who wanted you here.  And he said you and he--"
     "Yes, it's true!" Annette blurted before her mother finished.
     "And now they're got you hanging there," Betty hurried to
say, not wanting to talk about the past.
     "The coach said he would leave me all night.  Oh, Mother, it
hurts!"
     Betty looked on in anguish.  It wrung her heart to see her
daughter like that.  It was a terrible thing to stand there,
unable to raise one finger.  She couldn't move from the wall.  The
bands around her wrists and neck were far too tight for her to do
anything except stand there and watch the teen twist slowly in the
air.  Oh, how she hated David and the coach.  Through the closed
door to the left she could hear muffled laughter.
     "Oh, Mother, I'm sorry ... I'm sorry for having done--you
know--with David.  It seemed so right at the time.  I didn't know
he was into this kind of thing," Annette explained.
     "They're animals!  They're all animals, darling.  You've got
to remember that.  It isn't your fault.  It isn't mine.  When we
get out of here, we'll make them pay for this," Betty vowed
grimly.
     "No!  No!  Everybody would be talking about it.  We wouldn't
be able to live here any more.  I don't want to move!"
     Her daughter's words made sense.  Betty remembered what both
Jack and David had said earlier.  They wouldn't have to worry
about her and her daughter pressing charges.  Even if the courts
believed them, the scandal alone would ruin both her and her
daughter.  They had them in a trap and Betty now knew just how
inescapable that trap was.  She sagged in her bonds, feeling
totally defeated.
     "Oh, oh, it hurts to be tied up like this," Annette cried
after some pause.
     "Scream," Betty said.  "I think it would help.  It would get
somebody in here, someone who would stop this."
     The punished, hanging girl tossed her head about angrily, her
long hair flashing around her shoulders.  Even this small movement
caused her body to start turning around.  With some difficulty,
Annette managed to turn herself around to face her mother.
     Betty saw the teen's tits were nearly pulled flat against her
chest from the tension of the overhead pulleys.  Her cunt was
partially opened, the dark moist pink pussy meat barely visible
through her thick blonde bush.  For an instant, Betty found
herself admiring her daughter's naked, slim body.  Then,
remembering the boys and what they were doing to them, she found
herself tearing at her bonds.  She broke four nails, scraping her
fingers against the cinderblocks.
     "God, somebody come in here, help my daughter!" Betty
screamed.
     Every movement was causing more and more excruciating pain to
her daughter.  Betty heard her daughter moan and continued
shouting at the top of her voice.
     "What the hell's goin' on in here?" David asked, poking his
head in, frowning angrily at Betty.
     "My daughter.  How dare you tie her up like that?  How dare
you?" Betty shouted.
     He laughed, leaving the door open and sauntering up to the
hanging girl.  He smoothed one hand down her tits, trailing the
tip of one finger down, down until it was touching her clit zone.
Betty saw her daughter's face slacken at that light touch.  With a
sharp slap he sent a rush of pain shooting from her cunt to her
brain.  Instinctively Annette jerked on the ropes, that movement
causing her yet more agony.
     "Stop it!  Hurt me, but don't hurt her!" Betty pleaded.
     "Now, there's a suggestion I like."
     "What's going on in here, David?" the coach asked, looking
in.
     "Nothin' much, Coach.  She wants some more action," he said,
nodding in the direction of Betty.
     "To free my daughter," she added.
     "That's what I want too," Jack said.  "Bring the rest of the
boys in here.  Might as well have some of the team around to
watch."
     Betty felt her flesh crawl.  Again the woman twisted around
to see her daughter.  Annette was watching the door like a
terrified animal, her pain temporarily forgotten as she heard
stirring noises outside the door.  Then, one by one, the team
filed in.  They were all good-looking young men.
     "How long have you been doing things like this?" Betty hissed
as ten young men filed in.
     "Since I got here, I guess," Jack said, rubbing his chin
thoughtfully.  "About four years ago."
     Betty was astounded.  He had been subjecting girls and women
to this torment for four years and no one had so much as raised an
objection.
     "I know what you're thinking," Jack said, walking up to her
and slipping one hand between her asscheeks.  "We can spot the
ones who say they don't like this, but really do.  You'd be
surprised at the number of repeat customers we have here--on their
own, by the way."
     "That can't be true," Betty grumbled, straining her neck to
see if her daughter was all right.  Some of the boys had been
looking at her, scratching their balls, wondering when they were
going to have at her.  Annette was humiliated beyond words, her
face flame red as she hung there obscenely, her cunt wide open.
One of the boys started for her.
     "Not yet.  I've got a game we can play with her mother
first," Jack said, rubbing his hands together.  He reached up and
began unfastening the bolts from Betty's collar.
     Betty was surprised.  She thought he would have ass-fucked
her in front of these boys or do something equally as degrading to
humiliate her.  But instead of that he was pulling the collar from
the back of her neck, then reaching around and unfastening her
wrists from the wall.  Betty nearly fell to the floor, bracing
herself against the wall.  She rubbed her hands together, then
folded her arms over her tits.
     "Now, Betty, I'm sure the boys would like to meet you.  They
haven't seen you around campus.  You can show them what an older
woman can look like," Jack said, taking her by the wrist and
pulling her forward.
     The boys had formed a semi-circle in the room.  She was aware
of a slow but steady rise in temperature as they watched her walk
forward.  Then Jack put one hand between her shoulders and pushed
hard, sending her tumbling forward.  The move was so sudden it
caught Betty by surprise.  Her legs became entangled.  She let out
a loud squawk, pitching forward and landing hard on her hands and
knees.
     "Now, get up and walk around the boys.  Show them your cunt
and ass if they ask for it," Jack said, his voice remaining calm
and steady.
     Betty shook the hair from her eyes, still crouched in that
doggie position.  Someone--David, she thought--moved behind her
and kicked her in the ass.  Scrambling forward, Betty rose
gracefully to her feet.
     She began walking along the curved line, aware of a cold
draft making her tit tips very hard.  She moved past the boys,
some of them muttering, all of them watching appreciatively as she
passed.  She made her hips swing, that move making her tits dance
and her ass wiggle.
     "Mother, how could you?" Annette cried.  Annette's hurt voice
brought her back to reality.  She looked at her hanging daughter,
then turned and charged at a tall red-headed boy who had been
leering at her cunt.  She screamed, tearing at his eyes, clawing
his cheeks.
     "Damn you, damn you all!" she cried.
     She beat at the young man, seeing only the red rage of her
hate and frustration.  He was stunned at first, reeling back from
the attack.  Coming around, he pummeled Betty with his opened
hands, knocking her to the ground then bringing one foot swiftly
down and sending his sharp-toed boots crashing into her ribs.  The
blow was enough to send the woman rolling away like a log,
clutching her stomach and gagging from the painful blow.
     David was up to her, pulling on her hair, dragging her back.
Betty howled with more range and pain, struggling, her heart
racing as her asscheeks flattened against the concrete floor.
     Pulling her to the middle of the floor, David dropped her,
taking a cat-o'-nine-tails Jack had handed him from a green metal
cabinet.  Betty saw the hideous Medusa-headed thing in the boy's
hand and cried in terror.




                             Chapter 10

     "Stop it, stop it!  Oh God, you're hurting her!" Annette
cried.
     But her pleas were drowned out by the roar of the crowd.
David had the cat in one hand, bringing it down with loud snapping
sounds.  The young boy made certain the leather strands struck the
floor, the resulting sound resembling that of a pistol shot.
Betty scrambled back, her eyes fastened on the weapon.
     David's cock strained in his pants.  His fingers tightened.
Betty drew both hands to her lips, shaking her head as David
approached her.
     "Please, don't do this.  My daughter and I have suffered so
much.  Don't do this to us."
     It was a nightmare--the boys all standing around laughing at
her and this animal about to attack her.  Betty glanced up,
staring at her daughter.
     "Run, Mother!  He'll hurt you with that thing if you don't
run."
     Betty sobbed, still begging the boy to let her go.  She was
looking wildly around for some way out.  At least this time they
had kept the bonds off her.  She slid back, her widened eyes
focused on the advancing boy.  He gained on her, bringing the cat
down to within three inches of her left ear.  The hissing sound of
the leather racing through the air terrified her.
     Betty screamed, then wheeled about.  Like an animal, on all
fours, she moved out of reach.  Her tits hung down low, the tips
brushing the floor.  Someone stretched out a hand and slapped her
hard on her ass.  Betty squealed, losing her balance for the
moment and tumbling into a crumpled heap.
     "Uhhhh, oh God, God, leave me alone.  Don't do this to me!"
     Betty slid back once more, her tits rising and falling on her
heaving chest.  He was going to hit her with that, peel the flesh
from her bones with that terrible instrument.  David approached as
he swung the cat over his head.
     The knotted tips came down at her, chewing at the flesh along
her hips.  Betty screamed.  Her legs flew apart as she shot back,
her ass bouncing on the hard cold floor.
     Annette twisted around on her ropes, straining from the bound
position she was in.  She was turning around now, out of view of
what was going on with her mother.
     The cat came down again as Betty scooted back, banging into
the left wall.  Betty looked helplessly at the coach.  Jack was
standing there with the others, his big arms folded as he watched
almost impassively.  When the thongs tore through her left
asscheek, the woman let out another lively cry.  An explosion of
stinging heat blew into her cunt, spreading to her belly.
     Again the cat bit.  Again the heat curled into her clit,
slicing into the sides of that tiny sex organ.  The cat came down
again and again, streaking her white flesh with stripes of red.
     Betty rolled onto her belly, stretching out her long thin
arms and pulling herself forward.
     David followed, beating her lightly across the shoulders,
then concentrating on her jiggling ass.  The boys howled with
approval, cheering David on as he pursued his hapless prey.
     "Come on, David, come on and beat the snot out of her!"
someone shouted.
     "Yeah, get that bitch goin'.  Coach said she likes this kinda
shit!"
     David brought the cat down across her asscrack, one of the
thongs biting into her shitter.  The resulting shock of hot pain
made her eyes bulge out.  Betty screamed, her legs and arms
jerking as if they had attached those dreadful electrified clamps
to her body again.
     "Yeah, man, this is fuckin' fun," David said, stopping the
beating for a second and caressing the leather with both hands.
     Betty cried, scrambling to her feet and running blindly
forward.  She had to get out of here at any cost.  Arms flailing
in front of her, the woman crashed into three young men.
     "Hey, she's wantin' us all.  Man, baby, you can take on three
studs?"
     "Stop it!  Get away from me!" Betty screamed as loudly as she
could, twisting about, pounding them with her fists.
     They only laughed at her, their fingers pinching her flesh,
slapping her, hurting the areas already welted by the cat.  David
stood by, watching one of his buddies grab Betty around the waist
and haul her from the floor.
     One hand slipped down, two fingers fucking into her cunt.
Betty screamed again.  She was hot, so hot from all the chasing,
all the beating she found her cuntal walls clamping down on his
fingers.  The boy laughed, jamming yet another finger in and
twisting it about.  That was too much for the excited woman to
stand.  Her ass rubbing up against his crotch, Betty found herself
pissing on his hand.
     "Damned slut!" he shouted at her, pulling the dirtied hand
out from her hole and sliding it to her face.  "Here, suck on it.
Coach says you like to suck.  That's just what you're gonna do
now!"
     He was pushing the fingers down into her throat, making her
gag.  The salty, pungent flavor of her piss made Betty sick to her
stomach.  She could have bitten down on the offending hand.  But
then God only knew what they would have done to her for revenge.
Instead, she remained as calm as she could, enduring this latest
humiliation.  When he punched her in the ass, letting go, Betty
gripped her stomach and turned around, spitting onto the floor.
     "Not bad, not bad," Coach Robinson said.  "Hey, you, Frank,
you get 'er.  You want 'er so bad with them fingers, you stick
your cock into her.  You'll find she's fantastic."
     "Yeah, fantastic." The boy named Frank pulled down his pants,
staring at her like a wolf.
     Betty crawfished back, looking up again at her hanging
daughter.  They were going to fuck her here, right in front of
Annette.
     But there was little Betty could do to protect herself.  She
could see the boy's prick standing up hard and rigid, his balls
tight against his crotch.
     "Man, I ain't fucked in a long time.  Coach here don't like
us screwin' around with girls before big games," Frank said,
sliding his hand over his seven-incher.  "Now, he don't seem to
mind a little fun right away."
     "This is a kind of treat--unexpected," Coach Robinson said.
"I expect you boys to remember this out on the playing field with
South High later."
     Frank bent over and gave her a backhanded blow across the
mouth.  Betty shuddered, the force of that blow snapping her head
back.  He forced her over on her side.
     "All the way over," Frank commanded.
     Frank was acting like the others now, demanding, arrogant,
cruel.  He forced her onto her face, placing one foot on her ass
and digging the toe into the sweaty asscrack.  There was another
roar of approval.  He was on top of her like some triumphant
warrior, digging his toe against her shitter, laughing at her she
moaned in defeat.
     "Oh yeah, gonna go in the ass, maybe.  Like that ass, real
nice round butt."
     "No, don't do that to my mother!  Oh, oh, what are you trying
to prove?" Annette screamed.
     Betty could hear the girl crying out, shouting at the top of
her voice while Frank started mounting her.
     He was fully on her now, his muscular weight crushing her.
His hands seemed to be everywhere.  Betty felt herself choking.
She struggled under him, fighting to suck in air.  She fought to
be free of his crushing weight.  But nothing she did seemed to
help.  Through the roaring in her head, she heard the sounds of
the boys standing around her.  Frank was attacking her, beating
her, hitting her again and again with his fists.  She could feel
his prick gouging along her asscrack, nearly touching her asshole.
He had already slipped his hands around her shoulders and was
kneading her tits cruelly when he came.
     "Uhhhh ... man, too much!" he gasped.
     He had been too anxious, sliding his cock back and forth in
her asscrack until he started shooting off against her flesh.
     Betty groaned, feeling the hot sticky cum spraying over her
assflesh.  At least, this time, there was little pain attached to
the climax.
     "I ain't through yet.  I got more!" Frank shouted, half out
of his mind with lust.  Grabbing Betty by the shoulders, he
twisted her around, kicking her thighs apart, then fitting his
cockhead between her cuntlips.  He grabbed her hips.
     As he fucked his cock into her clenching cunt, his grip on
her hips tightened.  He was bruising her flesh.  Then he leaned
forward, sliding his hands up to her ribs, to her shoulders, and
finally to her throat.  Betty cried out, stars exploding in front
of her eyes.
     He was going wild, strangling her while fucking her at the
same time.  It was the ultimate fuck.  She raked his shoulders,
crying out as much as she could, hearing her daughter's shrieks of
horror.  The pressure increased.  His fingernails burrowed into
her throat as the savage heat of his cock increased to her cunt.
Fucked to death.  This was going to be her end, fucked to death.
     The pressure kept on.  Betty felt her arms falling away while
her cries became weaker.  There was a shattering sound.  Someone
was shouting while the pressure suddenly stopped around her
throat.




                             Chapter 11

     Coach Robinson had knocked Frank unconscious, pulling him off
Betty and leaving him to his friends.  Annette was still hanging
from the ceiling, her arms and legs now feeling as if they would
tear from her body at any second.
     "That was good.  Your mother performed very well,
considering.  I'm sorry about what happened there, but Frank
apparently gets carried away at times."
     David lowered Annette to the floor until her left foot
finally touched.  Someone unfastened the wrist cuff that held her
arm and its opposite leg together.  In a moment she was freed.
     "Hey, how about the double chair, Coach?  These two really
turn onto the electricity.  Let's give 'em somethin' to moan
about.  You know?"
     Coach Robinson smiled, nodding in approval.  "Good idea,
David.  Then we can throw them to the crowd.  After that, they'll
be more than willing to satisfy some of the boys."
     Annette shrank back against Jack Robinson, terrified.
     "We're going to break out the transformer again--but this
time with a new twist," Jack said.
     "Transformer?" Annette looked curiously up at the coach while
she saw her mother jerking upright from the floor.
     "No, no, not again!  Not again!" Betty cried.
     "What is it, Mother?"
     David and Jack were drawing two of the nearby chairs forward,
putting them face to face about six feet apart.  Only now did
Annette see the straps on the legs and armrests.  There was a
black box nearby she guessed was the transformer, long black wires
leading from it.
     Annette was dragged to one chair and flung down hard, her
tits flopping against one another.  The crowd of boys grew quiet
once more, watching as David fastened the leather straps around
Annette's arms.
     "Careful, David.  We don't want to hurt her too much.  See?
Don't put the leather over the chafed marks.  We don't want to see
bone."
     The grotesque command made the teen shiver.  What was worse
was the finishing touch--the attachment of the leather thong
around her ankles.  She was bound once more, sitting in a chair
that somehow reminded her of those pictures of electric chairs in
Sing Sing.
     Betty was next.  Annette watched as some boys scooped her
mother easily off the floor and put her in the chair facing her.
     The teen stiffened.  The girl watched with horrified
fascination as David and the others unwound some of the wires
which were all tangled together.
     "We'll start with you first, Annette, considering you haven't
done this before and will need some time to adjust to it," David
said.
     Cold sweat broke out on her forehead and shoulders.  Annette
watched as David approached her with two clamps, black wires
trailing behind them.
     "What are they for?"
     "Your nipples, Annette.  They're for your nipples.  When we
get through with you, you're going to be wired to the transformer
via your mother.  And then ... well, you can guess what's going to
happen then."
     Annette whimpered, watching the clamps open.  He rubbed the
cold metal against her nipples before letting the tiny teeth bite
down on her pink nubs.
     The teen closed her eyes, shuddering with horror and fear.
Her mother had endured this and survived.  She would too.  But the
pain she would have to go through was what worried Annette the
most.
     "Now, for your cunt and asshole.  Your mother can tell you
about this," Coach Robinson said when the girl was about to scream
out an objection.
     "It's useless, Annette.  They're going to have their way,
dear.  Save your strength," Betty warned in a hoarse voice.
     Annette blushed again as David stuck long skinny wires into
her, first one up her cunt, then another up her asshole.  The girl
shifted position as best she could, feeling terribly uncomfortable
with the wires and clamps attached to her.  She looked at her
mother.  Coach Robinson was sliding a long wire up her mother's
pussy.
     "You see, Annette, you two are being connected ... here," he
began, pointing to several wires leading from each woman to a
control box.  "It's kind of switching house for electrons.  When
you move a dial on your little box there, current will flow to
your mother.  And the same thing will happen when she turns her
dial."
     David taped a small box on the right armrest, well within
reach of Annette's fingers.
     "We're finishing up with this, so just be patient.  This is
one good way to warm up a pussy."
     A small gray box was taped to Betty's chair as well.  Final
inspection was made, then Coach Robinson went over to Annette.
David switched on the transformer, and the others stood by and
waited, several scratching their pricks in hungry anticipation.
     "Now, the power's on, Annette.  It's easy from now on.  All
you have to do is press here, twisting the dial clockwise ...
there, like that," Coach Robinson said.
     Annette flashed her eyes up.  Betty wag squirming in her
seat, her legs pressing out against the leather restraints while
her eyes flickered in her head.
     "That was too much.  See?  Your mother's practically fainting
from the current."
     "I ... I did that?" Annette was horrified, quickly switching
the dial back to zero.
     Immediately Betty sank against the chair, breathing heavily.
     Coach Robinson smiled.
     Sauntering over to Betty, his cock jutting out again against
the front of his shorts, Coach Robinson braced both hands on the
armrests and stared into the woman's eyes.
     "I don't think Annette wants to do anything.  Let's see if
she can.  One thing you should know," he said, hand on the dial
and turning his head around.  "When you switch on your current and
send electricity to your mother, the voltage going into you will
decrease, giving you some relief.  Think about it."
     He switched on the current.
     Annette jumped, her body bracing up against the restraints.
She could feel the stinging warmth nipping at her nipples.
Sputtering sparks tickled her ass hole while a warming kind of
sucking sensation took over her cunt.  The girl flattened her ass
against the wooden seat, squirming uncomfortably, her fingers
fluttering over the dial, turning the dial.
     "Oh, Annette, oh, you're burning my cunt!  Oh God, God, what
are you doing?" Betty was jerking from side to side, the black
wires slapping against one another.
     Annette watched through a dim red haze, her breaths coming in
short, pumping gasps.  Her mother was going half insane, jumping
and jerking against the chair.  Her eyes dropped at once to
Betty's right hand.  The fingers were fluttering over the dial.
Her mother was going to send current into her body.
     Annette thought great teeth were chewing down on her nipples.
Her cunt spasmed, the muscles cinching down hard on the wire.  Her
asshole kept blowing out bubbles of air uncontrollably while her
belly muscles tightened until they cramped.  Her guts were
wrenching, making the teen feel she would vomit if she could.
Another increase made her teeth chatter.
     She turned the dial.
     Betty was jerking more wildly, her lips growing purple from
the increased voltage.  She was swearing, her voice cracked and
harsh.  She could hardly get her fingers on the dial.  But when
she did, Annette felt a jolt that shattered her skull.  Both women
were jerking and twitching on their respective seats, current
flowing into their tits and cunts and making them cum and cum and
cum.
     Coach Robinson watched; then cut the voltage off abruptly.
     Annette and Betty immediately slumped forward.
     "Let the boys have them now.  They've been ready for some
time."
     What happened next Annette and Betty would only dimly
remember in the years to come.  Each was unstrapped, then shoved
into the line of boys.  Annette remembered prickmeat being shoved
into her mouth while someone else held her head.  At the same time
someone--was it David? --slid down on the floor and fucked her in
that squatting position.  Others were lined up, jacking off in her
hair, wriggling their fingers in her asshole.
     Betty farted.
     The boys showed little mercy.  Slapped, beaten, she was
forced to take on two at one time more than once, swallowing cum,
being fucked in the ass several times while watching her daughter
being mauled like a piece of meat.  When it was over, Betty could
hardly move.
     Crawling forward, she finally managed to touch and rouse her
daughter from her stupor.
     "Oh, Annette, it's over."
     "Yeah, for now.  Boys, go home.  It's late.  Quite a practice
session we had," Coach Robinson said.
     The team shuffled out, exhausted by the ordeal.
     David was putting back the cat-o'-nine-tails and the
transformers, pushing the doors of the cabinets shut.  As they
clanged shut, Betty jerked at the sound.  She would never be able
to hear that sound without shuddering again.  Slipping one hand
around her daughter's shoulders, she hugged the moaning girl
closely.
     "Now, that was a good parents' night, wasn't it, Betty?" the
coach said.  "And I've got a feeling you and Annette are going to
come down here again to repeat the performance.  Maybe the next
time we won't have so, many people here--you, me, Annette and
David, my star player.  It'll be fun."
     The two men laughed, throwing the torn clothes into Betty's
face.  They would leave, slink from the school, hopefully
unnoticed, and rush home.  Again?  Betty shook her head.
     "Let's go home, dear.  Home," Betty said.  Perhaps next week,
when they were stronger.  Yes, she would think on it.



                              The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paul Gable(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





