BDSM Library - The Pavilion




The Pavilion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The husband gave her wife about the surprising vacation trip to Jamaica. There he lead her into a totally wild fantasy world she never thought about.
If you are under the age of 18, you are not authorized to view any of this
story or its following parts.  It contains adult situations and language.


She sensed, somehow, that today was not to be their usual bondage scene. her
Master came home and ordered her to strip to her black heels! ellen was soon
naked except for the heels. her hands were handcuffed behind her and a collar
was applied with the leash attached. her pussy tingled!! However, it was the
short, revealing cape that took her by surprise.




                          THE PAVILION
                             Part I         

     The large jumbo jet was lumbering along out of Miami over
Cuban airspace in the "corridor" allowed for commercial air
traffic bound for points south.  This liner was on its way to
Montego Bay, Jamaica, the starting point for their dream
vacation.  
     Barry had totally surprised Penny with the announcement only
two weeks earlier, although he had obviously been planning the
trip for months.  It was even more a surprise, because they had
been having a bit of difficulty after nearly a year of marriage. 
The difficulty centered, as it often does, on marital differences
about sex.  Penny had been raised in a traditionally conservative
southern family, while Barry had been raised in California by his
father, and was a bit more experimental in his desires.  They
loved each other, and Penny had loosened up a lot over the past
year.  
     Barry now felt she was ready for the big experiment.  He
knew she would never agree to it voluntarily, but their
experimentation in bed with light bondage had driven her crazy,
causing her to perform in ways he would never had imagined had
she not been totally in his control.  However, she would
experiment only in the bedroom, and with Barry.  She was not
interested even in any public displays of affection, much less
anything else.  However, he knew she was capable of changing. 
She just needed a little encouragement.  He was about to provide
just that.
     Penny came home to see some of her clothes laid out on the
bed.  "What's going on?" she asked, suspiciously.
     "We're going on a surprise trip--Jamaica, no less," Barry
replied, a wide smile creeping across his face.  "We both have
vacation starting tomorrow, and I've made all the arrangements."
     Penny was startled--pleasantly surprised, but nontheless
startled.  She noticed quickly that he had laid out only short
skirts, thong swimsuits, brief tops, and no underwear.  
     "Haven't you forgotton to put out a few essentials?" she
asked.
     "No, we won't be wearing anything but very casual clothes
there, even in the evening.  I've heard about The Pavilion where
we're going.  It's very laid back.  No pressure on anyone, but no
rules, either."
     "Well, OK, but where is my underwear?"
     "The one condition of the trip is that you do not take
underwear.  I want you naked under your clothes at all times. 
There are two exceptions.  I have included one black garter belt
and a pair of jet black thigh-high hose to go with one particular
outfit, and a black thong to go with another.  You will not be
allowed any other underwear for the entire trip, including the
airplane ride.  I have included three bikinis for the beach."
     Penny was astonished.  She couldn't believe her husband was
making such a condition on the trip.  She started to protest, but
could see that he was very serious.  She did want to go, so she
agreed--reluctantly.
     "If that's the condition, OK.  But why?"
     "I want to know that you are vulnerable.  That the only
thing preventing you from being naked is whatever is visible to
everyone.  You will notice that everything I've laid out is
fairly revealing in keeping with the customs of The Pavilion. 
You will fit right in there.  It's what is expected.  If you were
to run around fully dressed in normal street clothes and
foundation garmets, you would stand out like a sore thumb!"  
     Penny knew she had little choice but to go along.  She began
to pack--leaving her underwear behind.
     "There are a couple of other conditions," Barry continued. 
"First, no underwear.  Second, you must participate in all
activities that I decide.  Third, although I have included three
bikinis for the beach, you will go topless and/or nude if we find
that is appropriate on certain sections of the beach."
     At first, she protested each of these conditions, but
relented reluctantly when she realized he was prepared to cancel
the trip if she did not agree to these conditions as well.

     Barry had heard about The Pavilion several years ago from a
co-worker who had taken his girlfriend there.  They were now
happily married, and she seemed to always be dressed in alluring
ways--much more so than their other friends.  There was a look of
eagerness and satisfaction on both their faces.  When his friend
explained the Pavilion to him, he understood.  Although he didn't
tell Penny, Barry had been several times now, and was known to
the club manager.  He had never before been accompanied, but knew
the rules of initiation well.  
     Unknown to Penny, The Pavilion was a school for sex slaves. 
It is totally male dominant, female submissive.  Males need not
be accompanied, but all females are there only in the company of
her Master.  One new slave is initiated each week.  The slave
never knows in advance what the club is for, or what the true
purpose of her visit is on arrival.  Because the club owners make
pay-offs to the local and national Jamaican authorities, the
chances of having to answer for the consequences of their actions
because of an unhappy initiate are rare indeed.  The rules do not
allow activities which may cause permanent harm or which are
life-threatening.   Because Barry was known to the manager, it
was easy for him to arrange to have Penny be the initiate for the
coming week!!  
     Arrivals are always on Saturday, and everyone pretends to be
attending a normal resort on Sunday.  Everyone knows who the
initiate is to be on arrival--everyone except the initiate, that
is!  The first day and evening is the only time during the week
when all slaves, except the initiate, are treated equally with
their Masters, to preserve the image of a "normal" resort. 
However, on Sunday night, things change rapidly.  Dinner is
served as usual, but the entertainment is provided by the
unsuspecting initiate!  After dinner, the week-long initiation is
started by unceremoniously introducing the new initiate to her
fate by commencement ceremonies performed in front of the entire
club in attendance that week.  Although the initiation begins
with the Sunday evening commencement ceremonies, the entire
initiation continues until departure the following Saturday. 
Immediately following the  Sunday evening commencement ceremony,
all the female guests return to their roles as slaves, and are
allowed to participate in the new initiate's training only on
invitation of the new initiate's master, and with the approval of
her own master. 

     Penny was still apprehensive and uncomfortable with the
ideas presented by her husband.  These apprehensions were
enhanced as she began to pack the outfits he had picked for her
to wear while on the trip.  For the plane ride, he had picked a
matching white layered chiffon halter top and mini-skirt, both of
which flared at the bottom.  He had picked high-heeled white
sandals to go with the outfit.  There was an assortment of
accessories.  With NO UNDERWEAR, Penny knew how much the top and
skirt revealed.  Her figure was alluring enough.  She was 5'5",
tiny waist tapering to a pair of long legs that met her pelvis
with a triangle of light.  Her bust was, by comparison, fairly
large, but not ridiculously so.  She was a true blonde, a fact
which helped when wearing such a revealing skirt.  At least there
was no black patch of pubic hair to conceal.  She reluctantly put
on the outfit.  She looked in the mirror.  She saw the faint but
distinct outline of nipples.  The halter did not quite conceal
the sides of her breasts.  The skirt was long enough to conceal
her pussy, but she had to be careful when sitting, or if the wind
blew, or if she needed to bend over.  She knew that the chiffon
top also fell away from the top and from below when she bent
forward.  She knew she would attract more that her share of
attention, but Barry would be there, and he liked her that way. 
She wasn't sure SHE did, but she had to admit that she was
becoming a little excited about strange men seeing her this way--
so long as she was protected!  

     The trip had been interesting so far.  There had been the
usual unexpected wind gusts, hiking skirt on sitting, and so
forth.  In the airport and on the plane Penny had noted several
stares at her bust.  She was sure she had given a few strangers a
shot at her pussy lips through her blonde bush, and at the twin
globes and rosy nipples of her breasts, but she couldn't help it
at the time.  To her disappointment, she found it all much more
embarrassing than exciting.  She couldn't wait to reach the
Pavilion and change into something more appropriate, or at least
be in a more appropriate environment for this attire. 
Interesting enough, Barry also noticed her embarrassment, and
found it exciting.  He knew the heightened sense of awareness and
humiliation she was feeling would only make her more responsive
to her initiation beginning tomorrow night.

     They arrived at Montego Bay, and caught the two-hour bus
ride through rural Jamaica to Negril where the club was located. 
It was hot.  All the anti-perspirant in the world can't keep even
the most sophisticated lady from sweating in Jamaica.  As she
perspired, Penny was aware that the white chiffon became more and

more transparent.  By the time they finally reached the Pavilion,
she was the center of attention on the bus.  
     On arrival at the Pavilion, Penny noticed that the central
complex was open-air and was covered by a vast roof.  It housed
the check-in areas, restrooms, concierge facilities, dining area,
buffet areas, a dance floor, a stage, and a large outdoor bar. 
It was surrounded by jungle greenery and birds.  A large olympic-
sized swimming pool was just outside the complex.  She soon
learned that the complex was called the Grand Arena, although she
didn't know why.  She also noted a strange device at one end of
the pool--the deep end--which resembled a gantry or crane of some
sort.  She assummed it had something to do with some
construction.  
     Check-in was effortless.  Penny quickly realized that
everyone treated her genuinely warmly, and seemed to pay little
or no attention to her abbreviated state of dress.  She also
noted that other women seemed to be dressed in skimpy bikinis or
in fairly revealing clothes, and no one seemed to take note. 
Everyone was very nice to everyone else.  She quickly lost her
sense of embarrassment.  
     After checking in, they proceeded down the sidewalk toward
their rooms along the beach.  As they passed out of the Grand
Arena, Penny noticed another bar with what looked to be a disco
located next to the deep end of the pool.  They turned right down
a long line of motel-like rooms.  Penny watched the beach through
occasionaly breaks in the wall of double-story rooms, and was
shocked to see people on the beach stark naked!  She realized
that Barry would make good on his demands that she go nude if
appropriate.  Now she knew it was definitely appropriate, and
they were heading for their room on the nude part of the beach. 
She quickly renewed her sense of embarrassment and humiliation.
     As they walked along the sidewalk, they passed tennis
courts, a weight room, squash courts, and a large one-story
windowless building with locked doors.  Over the doors was a sign
that said "Hall of Corrections."  
     "What in the world is that," asked Penny, shyly.
     "I have no idea."  Barry knew.  He knew it was the place
where slaves were taken for punishment for infractions.  But it
was closed until the commencement ceremonies the following night.

Until then, there were no slaves, no masters.  But he had been
inside on previous visits.  It was not a place where slaves
wished to be sent.  It was a place where the masters felt the
height of power.  "Perhaps it is for the staff.  It's locked, so
it apparently isn't open to the guests," Barry lied.
     As they approached their rooms near the end of the compound
on the nude beach, Penny saw for the first time the huge hot tub.

It was 30-40 feet in diameter, and about four feet deep.  Several
people were in it, nude naturally, and seemingly enjoying just
talking enjoying each other's company.  They seemed to take note
of Barry and Penny, waved, and resumed their activities.  
     Barry opened the ground floor room, and entered.  Their bags
had already arrived, and they began to unpack.  The room had a
king-sized bed situated under a large ceiling-mounted mirror,
dressers, end tables, a large bath and separate dressing area,
and a curtainless window looking out on the nude beach.  Any
activities that went on in the apartment would be clearly visible
to anyone on the beach!  This made Penny VERY uncomfortable.  
     "There aren't any curtains!" she complained.
     "I guess not.  I guess if you're on a nude beach, why put up
curtains?" Barry mused.
     "But what about when we--we..."
     "When we FUCK?"  Barry completed her stammering for her. 
"We will fuck.  At night, it'll be dark--perhaps.  If we fuck
during the day, I guess we'll provide a show for whoever cares
enough to watch."
     "You mean, you'd actually expect me to have sex with you in
front of an open window!"  Penny exclaimed in disbelief.
     "Of course.  Unless you prefer to be chaste for the week. 
Who do you know here?  Why do you care?  Don't you find it at all
exciting?"
     Penny thought about it.  Maybe.  She would just have to see.

For now, she chose to drop the subject and finish unpacking.
     Barry chose Penny's dinner outfit.  While not sheer, the
outfit was certainly see-through! It was a black shirt/slacks
outfit with a black thong.  Only the thong kept Penny's fantastic
figure from being easily revealed.  She swallowed hard when she
realized that she would be expected to wear it to dinner.  Penny
closed the doors to the dressing room and bath.  She still could
not bring herself to do her toiletries and dress in front of an
open window.  She knew if he wanted to fuck, she would have to do
it in the exposed bed, but hopefully, the light would be out. 
When she put her dinner attire on, she realized that she did
indeed look fantastic.  When she came out of the bathroom,
Barry's look verified her impressions.  

-----------------------To be continued in Part II 




                         THE PAVILION
                           Part II


     She was still very embarrassed as they entered the Grand
Arena for dinner.  She felt all eyes were on her and the
revealing attire.  Indeed they were, but not for the reason she
imagined.  However, she quickly realized that all the other women
were dressed in an equally revealing manner, or more so, and
quickly put her feelings of uniqueness aside.  
     Penny noticed that tables seated six, and were placed so
that they encircled the sunken dance floor on three sides.  The
elevated stage was on the fourth side, near the pool.  They were
seated at a table one step above the dance floor, in the center
directly across from the stage.  It was undoubtedly the best seat
in the house for the evening's entertainment.  Although Penny
didn't think about it, it was also the table best suited for the
center of attention in the Arena.  Penny noticed that, instead of
a curtain in place which could be drawn across the stage, the
entire dance floor was circled by a high rod, and curtains were
folded back at the sides of the stage which could be drawn around
the entire dance floor.  She thought this odd, but dismissed it
is unimportant.  
     They were soon joined by two other couples.  Jim and Nancy
were from Atlanta.  He was an accountant, and she was a buyer for
a department store.  Greg and Eve were from Boston.  He was a
physician, and she was a nurse.  Nancy wore a simple semi-transparent 
pareo--a one-piece 5ft by 5ft piece of cloth tied
just above the breasts.  When Nancy walked or sat, the pareo
opened all the way down revealing the inside swells of her
breasts all the way down to the very brief g-string covering her
pussy.  Eve wore a sleeveless t-shirt with very large armholes
and a pair of short-shorts that revealed the tops of her thighs. 
When she moved her arms, her breasts were totally visible through
the armholes to anyone watching.  
     The dinner was served buffet-style, so Barry and Penny had
to get up and down several times, and stand in line.  Penny felt
the stares of the strange men through her nearly totally-
revealing attire.  Embarrassed, she also felt a swelling
excitement which she was not quite ready to admit even to
herself.  The three couples seemed to hit it off from the start,
and were like old friends before dinner was finished.  Penny
thought there would be a show after dinner, but Greg said that
there was never a show on Saturday night.  
     "Tomorrow night will be another story, however," Greg
volunteered.  Penny had no idea what he really meant.
     Nearly everyone else had gone, and, without realizing it,
the three couples were nearly the only ones left in the Grand
Arena.  It was nearing midnight.
     "I hear the main pool becomes nude at midnight," Barry said,
almost in disbelief.  
     "Yes," said Nancy.  "Anyone interested?  I'm about to die of
heat stroke."  
     "I don't know," Penny started--Barry interupted.
     "YES! I'm sweltering too.  It's nearly midnight now-I don't
think we even need to go back to the room.  Let's get in!"
     The idea seemed to be catching on.  The other two couples
jumped up and started toward the pool.  Penny was reluctant.
     "Remember our agreement?" Barry reminded her.
     "Yes, but I didn't think I'd have to 'jump in' so quickly,"
     "Now or never.  You really don't have much choice.  If I
throw you in, you might as well be nude."
     Penny realized he was right.  She followed the others to the
pool and demurely removed her outfit--all but the thong.  She
simply could not bring herself to take off her thong in front of
strangers.

     Once in the pool, the three couples separated, and started
to enjoy each other.  Penny was slightly uncomfortable for two
reasons.  First, they were not alone, although she realized that
no one else could really see them.  But they could be seen if
someone were standing on the edge of the pool above them.  There
were three dim lights in the deep end of the pool which would put
everyone in the pool on full view to anyone standing on the sides
looking down.  Second, the lights came from a depression in the
side of the pool.  The edge of the depression seemed to hit her
back in an uncomfortable spot.  She realized the lights caused
her body to be illuminated from the waist down.  She found this
very sexy, if embarrassing.  Barry trapped Penny against the side
of the pool, her body hitting the depression from the ribs down. 
He held on to the lip on the edge of the pool, and Penny held on
to his shoulders.  He kissed her deeply, carressed her breast
with one hand.  She reached behind her and held on to the sides
of the pool as he slowly moved his kisses down her body.  He
disappeared underwater, and slowly removed her thong.  As he
gently spread her legs wide, he kissed her pussy and slid his
tongue back and forth along her slit several times before coming
up for air.  As Barry came up, he suddenly turned her around to
face the wall of the pool, and pressed his body against her back.

He brought one hand around to her front and began rapidly
flicking her clit.  He brought his other hand up from behind and
and began to rub her slit with his fingers.  Suddenly, he slid
one of his rear fingers into her pussy and began to finger-fuck
her rapidly in and out, sliding across her clit with a finger on
his front hand with each motion in unison.  She began to move
with his hand, in and out.  She lost her concern for possible
onlookers creeping up on them, and began to enjoy the risque
nature of the situation.  She planted her feet widely on each
side of the light to enhance her position, and exposed herself a
bit further, realizing that true exposure was only a fantasy. 
Just as she began to feel the swell of a climax, he stopped. 
Just as rapidly, he swiftly slid his stiff rod into her gaping
pussy from behind and below, and began to pound her tits against
the side of the pool.  She found that if she spread her legs up
widely and planted them firmly on the bottom of the depression in
the pool, her tits did not hit the top edge of the depression as
they bounced.  She quickly felt the climax hit her,
simultaneously with his, and they held on tight.  After, he
stayed in her for awhile, and then eased out, kissing her deeply
as he did.  Exhausted, Penny put her thong back on and exited the
pool.  She dried off, and redressed.  The other two couples were
exiting about the same time.  All three agreed to a nightcap
before retiring.  

     They went around to the disco/bar down the hill at the far
end of the pool.  The bar was full, the disco less so.  As they
entered the bar, it soon became obvious why the bar was so full. 
High behind the bar were three large windows looking into the
deep end of the pool!!!  The depressions in the deep end of the
pool were windows!  The lights in the deep end were the lights of
the disco bar shining through the windows!  The general tone of
the conversation was about the show everyone had just witnessed. 

     Penny suddenly realized what had happened.  She had allowed
herself to be fucked in public, and not even known it!  In fact,
SHE HAD HELPED PUT ON THE SHOW!!  From the angle of the windows,
she realized that her entire spread pussy and everything done to
it, include having Barry's cock buried to the hilt inside it, had
been on full view to the entire bar!  She was mortified!  Barry
and the other two couples were laughing when they saw her face! 
Penny was enraged!
     "Let's get out of here, now!" Penny said into Barry's ear,
tryng to make herself heard above the noise of the bar and 
disco.
     "No, we're not leaving! They don't know it was us.  They
couldn't see our faces." 
     "What about our wet hair."
     "OK, so they know ONE of us three couples fucked in front of
the window.  But which one?  They don't KNOW it was us."
     Penny thought he was right.  Except she didn't think about
herself as being the only blonde in the three couples, or the
only one with a black thong.  In reality, everyone knew it was
her!  They had their drink, returned to their rooms, and fell
exhausted into bed.  

     The next day, Barry and Penny arose about 11:00.  Barry
demanded that they go out onto the nude beach.  It was the moment
Penny had been dreading.  She put on her thong bikini and cover-
up, grabbed her sunglasses and a book, and followed Barry out to
the beach.  They picked out two chaises and spread towels out. 
Penny tried to take little notice of the nude forms before her,
but could not help but notice the size of the men's cocks and the
women's figures.  She felt that she "stacked up" pretty well--
fantastic, in fact.  She was embarrassed to look at the other
women for long, and was totally oblivious to the fact that all
the other women had completely bare pussies!  Barry proceeded to
strip and head for the water.  Penny removed her cover-up, lied
down on the chaise, and started to read her book.  Barry came out
of the water.
     "You know the conditions.  Reality time."
     Penny looked up at him over the tops of her sunglasses. "I
can't take off my clothes out here!  I don't care that everyone
else is naked, I simply can't do it.  Not all at once, anyway."
     "OK, I'll compromise.  Start by taking off your top.  Then
later we'll progress to bottoms."
     Penny reached around nervously and fingered the clasp
holding her bikini top together.  It fell free, allowing her
magnificent breasts to come into full view.  She placed the top
carefully at the side of the chaise and placed the book in front
of her to conceal her naked tits as much as possible.  Regardless
of the nudity around her, she was very embarrassed and nervous at
being so exposed in public.  
     Greg, Eve, Jim, and Nancy came out from their rooms and
Penny was startled to find all four of them staring down at her
naked breasts.  She let out a cry and covered up with her hands,
droping her book into her lap.  They laughed, and proceeded to
strip.  As Nancy and Eve stripped bare, Penny relaxed, and let
her tits come into full view again.  The rest of the day was
spent playing in the water, eating lunch, and light drinking. 
Before the day was ended, Penny was really relaxed, but not to
the point of removing her bikini bottoms--not yet--not today!  No
one seemed to mind.  She had no clue that everyone else was
eagerly awaiting the after dinner show she would provide this
evening!

     Barry laid out her evening dinner attire.  She was to wear
the black garter belt and nylons, and black high heels.  Her
skirt was black, full, and short-short which buttoned from waist
to hem on both the sides.  The buttons were spaced widely apart, 
and the edges of the cloth did not quite meet at the sides.  This
allowed a gap between buttons which continuously exposed the
sides of her thighs from the hem to the waist.  The top was also
black and was basically comprised of two pieces of cloth which
tied at each shoulder and each side by a strip of cloth which
allowed the front of the top to drop into a deep cowl neck and
the sides to barely conceal anything at all.  Penny again dressed
in the bathroom.  As usual, she was stunning.
     "I'm a bit concerned that I'm overdressed compared to last
night."
     "No, it's my understanding that the Sunday evening meal is a
bit more dressy than the others.  You'll be fine.  I'm going to
wear an open-collar shirt and a sports jacket."
     Penny bought the story, and they proceeded to the Grand
Arena.  They were seated at the same table as the night before. 
Penny thought it odd that tonight, unlike last night, the curtain
was drawn around the entire dance floor.  She thought it probably
had something to do with the floor show later in the evening. 
Little did she know that she was absoloutely correct!  Penny also
noticed that the other women did not seem to be dressed nearly as
revealingly as the evening before.  Although everyone was dressed
as nicely as she, Penny's attire was far and away the most
revealing in the room.  She found herself feeling very
uncomfortable and increasingly embarrassed.  However, they were
soon joined by Jim, Nancy, Greg, and Eve again.  This was fine
with Penny.  Despite the fact that Nancy and Eve also were
dressed more conservatively, their demeanor soon put Penny at
ease.  Dinner progressed without fanfare, and the lights dimmed
slightly.  Penny did not notice that, in the shuffling of chairs
for the show, Jim and Greg moved to either side of her as Barry
excused himself supposedly to go to the men's room.  The club
manager came to the center of the closed curtain into the
spotlight.
     "Welcome to The Pavilion.  As most of you know, this club is
for the fulfillment of the peculiar tastes of most of you here
tonight.  However, one of you is yet to be initiated into our
fold."
     Penny began to squirm.  She had no idea what he meant about
"peculiar tastes" and she knew she had not been initiated into
anything either.
     "It is now time to begin the initiation commencement
ceremonies.  It is now time to reveal the true purpose of the
club to the new initiate for the week.  Will the appointed
assistant trainers prepare the new slave!"

-----------------------To be continued in Part III 




                        THE PAVILION 
                         Part III

     Greg and Jim were on Penny in a flash.  Greg held her arms
with one powerful arm and clamped her mouth with the other so she
could not scream.  Jim grabbed her legs, and suddenly, she found
herself being carried helplessly up and behind the stage.  She
struggled and tried to call for Barry, but she found that Greg
and Jim had accomplished their task remarkably well.  
          Now behind the curtain, Penny saw a strange device.  It
was a verticle circular tubular device welded at about a 20 
angle to two padded bolsters which ran perpendicular to the
circle from front to back.  Two bars ran horizontally across the
circle.  One was about neck high, the other was padded and placed
at the level of the small of the back.  A gag was quickly placed
in Penny's mouth and she was seated on the bolsters.  Her legs
were spread widely apart by the bolsters, and her feet were drawn
back and up and tied securely at the ankles.  Her skirt was
pulled from under her so that her naked legs sat directly on the
bolsters. Her thighs were bound to the bolsters so she could not
lift herself up except at the hips.  Still struggling and
gurgling through her gag, her eyes widened in disbelief as she
was bent backwards across the lower horizontal bar, her arms
raised, and her elbows  tied widely apart to the cross-piece at
the level of her neck.  Her arms were bent, and her wrists were
secured to the same bar behind her head.  Her gag was locked to
the bar as well, preventing her from lowering her head.  
     The resultant position in which she found herself was
seated, slightly reclining, in a bit of a backward bowstring
position, with her arms and legs spread wide.  Her tits were
thrust forward, and she was unable to talk or scream.  The
reality of her situation was only beginning to sink in, and
humiliation, embarrassment, and sheer terror all welled within
her at once.  Thankfully, her short skirt, even though it had
ridden up her thighs because of the wide spread of her legs, hung
down slightly between her legs and still covered her pussy.  She
was sure she was gaping wide open.  She found the thought
unbearably humiliating, and she quickly put it out of her mind. 
She frantically looked for Barry, but to no avail.  She could not
imagine what they had in store for her, but she really didn't
want to imagine.  She was sure she wouldn't like it.  Slowly she
realized she had been set up.  The trip, the couples, the whole
scene was carefully planned.  It had to be Barry.  But where was
he!?  She wanted an explanation!  And wanted it NOW!  Then she
remembered--she really couldn't DEMAND much of anything.  Terror
rapidly replaced anger again.  
     The device on which Penny was seated was on wheels which
could be locked and unlocked.  They were unlocked, and Penny was
wheeled, bound and spread, down a ramp off the stage and onto the
encurtained dance floor.  She heard the voice of the club manager
once again.
     "Preparations are complete.  It is time to begin the
evening's entertainment--the commencement ceremonies.  As you all
know, each commencement ceremony is different, and totally at the
discretion of the new initiate's master.  No one except him has
any idea of what you will witness tonight.  But we require that
it fits the temperament and fears of the individual slave
initiate.  Whatever she fears, whatever she hates most, are those
things which she must learn to overcome, or at least tolerate, if
she is to be an acceptable slave member of the club.  As a
reminder to the others, after the ceremonies tonight, everyone
will revert to the role of master/slave for the remainder of the
week.  The Hall of Corrections will open immediately following
the show!  And now, let us begin!"

     Penny stared in disbelief as the curtain slowly opened,
revealing her bound and gagged position to the audience.  The
spotlight shined on her, fully illuminating every aspect of her
magnificent, but still clothed body.  It showed the terror and
shock in her eyes.  Her mumblings and gurgles could be heard
through the gag.  She struggled uselessly in her bonds as she
tried desparately to free a hand, an ankle, her head--ANYTHING to
regain some measure of her own control.  But it was useless.  The
club manager walked over to her.
     "This is Penny, our new initiate.  Like most of you in the
past, she was totally unaware of her purpose here this week. 
She, like us, is likewise totally unaware of what is to be done
to her tonight, or during the following week.  But she, and we,
will know shortly.  She will exeprience it.  We will watch, and
possible even PARTICIPATE!"
     This unnerved Penny even more.  What did he mean--
participate.  To be on the nude beach was one thing.  To be clad
in sexy, revealing clothes was different.  Now she had no choice
but to endure--but what--who?  
     "Now it is time to introduce Penny's master---her husband,
Barry!"  
     Everyone except Penny applauded.  Penny sighed a sigh of
relief.  Barry.  Now she felt secure.  He wouldn't put her
through anything truly embarrassing or degrading, WOULD HE?!
     But when she saw Barry, she felt her recent terror return. 
Barry was naked except for a black leather g-string, leather
boots, gloves, and a mask covering his upper head and eyes except
for eyeholes.  
     "I am Master Barry.  I am this slave's Master.  She is a
true novice, and in our usual life she dictates what she will and
will not do for me.  That must change.  I know no way to overcome
these petty insecurities within a reasonable time in the outside
world.  So, I brought her here to train her to serve my
pleasures.  In that way, I can best show her the full potential
of her own pleasure potential.  She will resist, and resent, but
only for a short while.  I will allow many of you to assist me
throughout the week.  Many of you already have your assignments,
and you should feel free to carry them out at your discretion,
but only within the limits specified."  
     Barry turned to Penny.  "From this night forward, you are my
slave.  You will wear the purple collar of the slave in training.

Other slaves always wear the green collar."  Barry placed a
purple collar on Penny's neck.  It had two solid rings attached,
one in front and one in back, and was fastened in back with a
padlock.  Only the club manager had the key.  Barry continued,
"If you do well, you will be awarded the green collar at the end
of the week of training.  But now, we must begin.  For your
ceremony, you shall endure the sequence of torment, pain, and
pleasure in any order I decide is fitting. You will never know
what to expect next.  You will be punished for your past
infractions against me and to allow you to know what you will
receive if the infractions continue.  You shall receive pleasure
because it pleases me and because I love you, in spite of what
you may think at this moment.  As the first step in your
training, you must endure torment.  First, you will be tormented
by being stripped naked in front of this audience to receive
further training."
              Penny's struggles took on a new level of effort. 
She
couldn't believe he would actually strip her naked in front of
all these people.  And in such a revealing, lewd, vulgar
position!  
     "NOOOOOOOOO!  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" she
gurgled into her gag.  Her mind screamed in revulsion, but she
felt him slowly begin to unbutton her skirt as he continued to
talk to her and the audience at the same time.
     Barry continued, "I am going to undo all the fasteners on
your clothing, and will strip you very slowly.  I want you to
feel the humiliation of gradually increasing nakedness and
helplessness."
     Penny felt him slowly unbuttoning the left side of her
skirt, then the right, until it was basically two pieces of cloth
hanging loosely, but still covering her.  Then she felt the hot
breeze of the evening as the bottom piece of skirt fell to the
floor beneath her, revealing her ass to anyone behind her.  Not
being able to move her head, she did not know who was back there,
but assumed Greg and Jim (if that was their true names) were
still there.  Barry slowly undid the sides of her top, and
carefully undid the shoulder ties, allowing the back of the top
to fall away.  Penny was now totally nude in the back!  Her semi-
reclining position prevented her skirt and top from falling away
from her front.
     "You are now now prepared to greet your audience with your
naked body.  Your position allows your most intimate parts to be
on full display.  You have no choice but to endure this
humiliation.  It is part of your training.  Now I shall slowly
display your body!"

     Barry gradually lowered the shoulder straps until the tops
of her breasts were exposed, then began to raise the bottom of
the blouse.  Penny could only mew into her gag and stare in
disbelief as her breasts were increasingly exposed to the leering
eyes of the audience!  At last, her breasts were covered only by
a thin roll of blouse across her nipples.  Penny was breathing
hard.  Barry swept away the blouse in one final motion, and
Penny's magnificent breasts were on full display!  The audience
roared and clapped its approval!  Before she could fully
comprehend her humiliation, she felt Barry lowering the waist of
her skirt front.  He slowly and teasingly rolled it down to the
level of a bikini line, and began to fold the sides inward toward
her crotch.  Penny was very still now, fearing any sudden motion
would cause the skirt front to fall away, leaving her naked pussy
gaping before the myriad of eyes.  Barry folded her skirt front
so that it covered only her only as a bikini bottom would, with a
trailing piece of cloth hanging down between her legs.  The
thickness of the wad of cloth clung tenuously to her pussy.  The
added weight of the trailing, hanging piece made its continued 
covering more tenuous.  Only her semi-reclining position kept it
from sliding to the floor.  
     "I will not strip you further, my lover.  You will be
responsible for exposing your pussy," Barry announced.
     Penny continued to lie very still, slowing her breathing,
and able to only stare down at her near-nudity.  Barry bent over
and began to lick and suck her left nipple as the fingers of his
left hand began a lazy pattern of light circles around the
outside of her right breast.  The double sensation of sucking and
tickling was suddenly maddening, and Penny began to squirm
uncontrollably, inspite of her best efforts.  With the first
wiggle, the neatly folded skirt began to slide off Penny's gaping
pussy.  Penny felt the piece of cloth giving way, and tried
desparately to lie still.  The skirt continued its path to the
floor, and she suddenly felt the cool breeze hit her exposed
cunt!  
     Suddenly Barry stopped his maddening torture, and Penny
became fully aware that she was naked before her audience, except
for stockings, heels, and garter belt!  She was not only naked,
she was totally displayed!  Her legs, spread and tied wide as
they were, opened and totally exposed her pussy.  The position of
her arms accented her magnificent tits!  Although she could not
bend her neck, she could look down with her eyes and see the
position in which she was presented to the audience.  She looked
down past her thrust, taught breasts with their large, pink
areolae and nipples, down across her flat belly, toward a golden
triangle of pussy hair.  Although she could not see past the
pussy hair, she was aware of the view the audience had between
her legs!  She struggled to close her legs, lower her hands.  All
she could do was raise her hips, which only displayed her gaping
cunt more brazenly, framed by the garter belt and stocking tops, 
to the lustful gaze of the audience.  But even this scant amount
of covering, sensual as it was, was to be denied her.  Slowly,
Barry undid the garter snaps, rolled down her hose, removed her
heels, and Penny was totally nude, gorgeous in her crushing
indignity.

     But her indignity was only beginning!  Barry slowly began
running his hands over her body lightly as he continued to talk
to the audience.  "You will notice her light, flawless skin.  Her
rather ample breasts.  Her pink and brown areolae, and how they
stand out pertly, even though her breasts are somewhat flattened.

Her flat abdomen.  Her smooth, slim, tapered legs and ankles. 
And her pussy,  her pussy.  I can't describe the delights it
gives me.  Notice how pink is is, and how her inner lips protrude
slightly from her outer ones!  Notice how it gapes apart ever so
slightly when her legs are apart as they are now.  Notice how her
clit peeks out just slightly from its hood.  It sticks out even
more when it's swollen from excitement."  Barry slowly slid his
finger up and down her moist slit, brushing gently across her
clit as his finger taunted her.  He slowly flicked it in and out
of her cunt as it moved up and down--in and out her cunt, up and
across her clit, back down, in and out her cunt again, and
quickly down and up grazing across her budding asshole, toward
her cunt again.
     Although she was totally mortified at being exposed and
manipulated, she felt the wantoness growing in her loins.  As he
toyed with her, she tried frantically to either increase the
pressure or escape.  She could do nothing but mew meaningless
sounds into her gag.  The show she was presenting was meeting
everyone's expectations!  Release would be total humiliation. 
She both HOPED he would let her come, and DREADED whether he
would.  
     But release was far away in Barry's mind.  He abruptly
stopped his manipulations, and continued to address his audience.

     "But slaves must be naked for training!  She is not quite
naked!"
     Penny could not imagine how she could be more naked!
     "The most important part of the female slave is still
partially covered from view!  She must be stripped of her pussy
hair so her cunt is totally visible and available.  As all of you
know, it also increases the sensitivity of the area!"
     Penny struggled anew!  To be shaved!  In public!  But she
knew just has he had actually stripped and fingered her in
public, he would shave her!  

     Barry walked over to a table and brought back a pair of
scissors with which he proceeded to begin trimming her bush.  He
snipped the long hair everywhere.  He then brought out a roll of
adhesive tape and tore off three strips about a foot long each. 
Penny watched in horror as he applied the three strips from her
lower belly down across her pussy to her ass.  She could only
await the pain of their removal.  Suddenly, Barry grabbed the
tail of the right strip and yanked it off, pulling the excess cut
hair away, as well as several strands of hair not yet cut.  Penny
yelled uncontrollably in her mind, but only mewing sounds escaped
her gag.  Her eyes widened, and her head shook from side to side,
as Barry slowly reached for the left strip.  This time, he
removed it slowly, each inch bringing slow agony to Penny's
pussy.  She could do nothing but watch in horror as his fingers
grasped the center strip.  He quickly pulled it up from the
bottom to the clit and stopped.  Penny was allowed to recover
temporarily from the pain before he reached up and pulled the top
part down quickly to the clit, and stopped again.  Finally, he
slowly teased the tape off the clit, bringing another bout of
prolonged agony to Penny's pussy.  Stubble still remained, but
Penny's cunt was still covered with copious amounts of blonde
hair.  
     "The shaving couldn't be this bad," she thought, tears in
her eyes.  She was wrong!
     "Shaving is temporary.  We need something a bit more
permanent, like a wax depilitorizing!" Barry announced to the
onlookers, triumphantly!
     Barry went over to the table and brought back a large, black
candle.  He lit it in front of a now wide-eyed and struggling
Penny.  "I think you should get a taste of how hot wax feels
before we set to depilitorizing your pussy."
     He held the candle about two feet above Pennys left breast
and slowly tipped the candle over.  Three drops of hot wax hit
Penny's left nipple.  Her struggles and mews took on a much more
urgent character, but were equally useless.  Barry proceeded to
her right nipple, covered both nipples completely, and proceeded
directly to the top of her pussy hair.  Although the pain of each
drop was only momentary, Barry's timing was such that, as one
drop's pain reached peak and began to subside, he made another
hit a bit lower.  Penny's screams continued incessantly through
the gag.  
     Barry stopped the waxing, and started sliding his finger up
and down her slit once again.  Penny began to moan in spite of
her fear.  Just as she began to near climax, he tipped the candle
over her pussy hair and began to cover it solidly in hot wax. 
Penny bucked her hips anew in pain and revulsion.  Hot wax went
everywhere except over her clit and into her pussy hole itself. 
Finally, her entire pussy and each nipple was covered with black
wax.  Her contrastingly pink clit was erect and unshielded, and
her inner pussy lips were swollen and stiff.  Her love hole was
gaping and wet.  She knew what she had endured was nothing
compared with what was to follow. 
     Barry spoke.  "Now the wax must be removed to accomplish the
depilitorizing.  The process must be done slowly and with great
deliberation.  I will start with the nipples, and proceed
downward."
     Barry slowly peeled off the wax covering both nipples.  
In addition to the dry wax sticking to the nipples, Penny had
just enough hair surrounding each nipple that it was like she
could feel each one being jerked out by its roots.  Penny
uselessly tried to avoid the tearing wax by shaking her breasts
from side to side.  All she accomplished was to give the audience
a great show!  
     Barry then proceeded to Penny's cunt.  The pain was more
terrible than Penny could have ever imagined!  As Barry slowly
teased the wax down her pussy, she could again feel the thousands
of hairs being torn screaming from their sockets.  Penny tried to
break her bonds, to move her head, to shake from side to side, to
close her legs, all uselessly.  If the screams of the hairs could
have been heard, they would have been louder than those Penny
could get past the gag.  She could hump her pussy up and down a
bit in a vain attempt to get away from Barry's burning fingers,
but, again, all she accomplished was to give the audience an even
better view of her tortured pussy.  
     All Penny could do was watch Barry's torturing hands peel
the wax slowly down toward her gaping cunt, ripping each hair as
he went.  She had no choice but to endure.  Although her mind was
a fog of pain, she became increasingly aware of a tingling in her
clit, and of her pussy juices flowing copiously.  She was totally
revulsed and humiliated!
     Barry finally finished.  He waited for Penny to catch her
breath and recover a bit, then brought out a bottle.  
     "After the 'shave,' we need 'aftershave!'  He poured the
sweet-smelling liquid over Penny's tits and pussy!  It took a
second or two for the full impact of the alcohol to hit Penny's
senses!  But it built quickly, caused her to struggle with a new
fierceness, mew with a new determination, and was quickly gone. 
Penny looked down.  Her nipples were sticking out triumphantly,
and, although she could not see her pussy lips, she could see no
pussy hair.  She looked completely bald!  However, Barry knew
that there were still a few hairs between her cunt and asshole,
and around her asshold.  These would remain for another session.

     "I now present your properly prepared slave initiate for the
week, Penny!"  The audience roared its approval.  Barry released
Penny from the device, crossed her hands and handcuffed them
behind her, and attached a leash to the purple collar locked on
her neck.  He led her over to the table where they had been
seated earlier in the evening.  The table now had two center
bolsters placed parallel with one another about two feet apart,
and had straps attached at each end.  The tops of the bolsters
were depressed.  Penny was instructed to kneel with each lower
leg in each bolster.  She was strapped to the bolsters at the
ankle and knee.  The right wrist was clamped to the left ankle,
and vice-versa.  The bolsters were attached to the table so they
would not slide.  The position caused Penny to sit well back and
stick out her chest.  With her legs two feet apart and a good
eight inches off the table, the position also offerred her bald
pussy for inspection and fondling.  
     "Each night," Barry continued, "you will be fed early, and
be led here to be the centerpiece during dinner.  You will be
blindfolded and gagged during this period so you cannot see what
is about to happen to you, who is causing it to happen, nor
protest the acts which you must endure.  Your body will be
available to all the members during this time for pleasure as
they see fit, but they may not move you from that position or
remove your gag or blindfold.  Following dinner, you will
continue to be the evening's entertainment.  In this manner, the
members can follow your progress during the initiation period."

     The club manager then announced that the "official"
entertainment was over for the evening.  Penny shuddered at the
word "official," but didn't know just why.  The members left, and
Penny was alone in the pavilion with Barry.  She was furious, and
tried to express her feelings.  She could only mew through her
gag.  Barry released her from the bolsters, but kept her hands
handcuffed behind her back.  He removed her blindfold so she
could see where she was to go.  When she tried to kick him, he
handcuffed her ankles with a 1' chain between them, causing her
to have to hobble.  He led her by her leash, gagged, naked,
barefoot, and bound, down the sidewalk, through the compound in
the dark, and back to the door of their room.

---------------------------To be continued in Part IV 




                        THE PAVILION
                          Part IV

     There were a series of support columns spaced about six feet
apart along the front of the rooms.  These supported the second
floor balconies and walkways.  They were about six feet away from
the wall, and the concrete deck on which they rested extended
about three feet beyond the columns.  They had obviously been
used for other purposes, because they had eyebolts spaced every
foot or so from top to bottom on the sides of each post.  Still
bound, gagged, and blindfolded, Barry released the ankle chains,
and fixed her ankles apart to each column with a clip and short
chain in front of their room.  Her hands were similarly fixed up
and out, so that she was in a stretched "X".  Then Barry brought
out a new toy.  It was a pole fixed to a wide base.  Atop the
pole was what appeared to be a man's cock, a HUGE man's cock!  It
was mounted on a ball-and-socket arrangement that appeared to
allow the device to swivel when loosened, and there was a type of
switch on the base.  When straight up, the tip of the cock was
about halfway between Penny's pussy and her navel.  She shuddered
at the thought of its being up between her legs.  
          "You will spend tonight here.  You will be available to
anyone who comes along for whatever they wish to do to you.  You
will not be marked, but you will be given pleasure and pain.  You
may scream as loudly as you need through the gag.   Don't be
concerned.  You won't disturb my sleep.  If you are alone, you
may try to sleep.  I will see you in the morning for breakfast.
Oh, if you need relief, try snuggling up to this."  Barry
loosened the swivel and tilted the cock to a 45  angle away from
Penny and moved the entire assembly closer, about four inches
from Penny's cleft.  He switched on the vibrating cock, and
abruptly went inside and locked the door, leaving Penny very
alone and in the dark!

     Penny looked around, but could see nothing through the
blackness that enfolded her.   As she stood there, mute, she
began to notice a few insects buzzing around, would feel the
small sting of an occasional mosquito, and would try to wriggle
off the feel of a crawling bug here and there--just enough to be
constantly irritating.  The vibrating cock was within inches of
her spread labia and still-swollen clit.  She strained her hips
forward in an attempt to gain some gratification of the
increasing need swelling between her legs.  She could just touch
the side of the vibrating cock with the tip of her swollen clit,
but could not get enough pressure to be truly satisfying, only
more maddening.  
     Suddenly, Penny heard a slight sound behind her, but could
see nothing.  She jumped as she felt the warm hand palming her
pussy, the middle finger pressing against her clit.  Then it was
gone.  She saw a form beside her--she could see the form of a
MAN!  She could not see his face or other details, but she knew
he was naked when he went back behind her and brushed his cock up
the crack of her ass.  It felt as huge as the vibrating cock on
the pole in front of her!  Then she became aware of her
predicament!  NAKED!  BOUND  SPREAD!  GAGGED!  TOTALLY EXPOSED! 
ABSOUTELY AVAILABLE TO A STRANGE MAN WHOSE WHIM WAS HIS TO
FULFILL IN ANY WAY HE CHOSE!  The prospects were to terrible to
contemplate!
     She felt his hands carress her breasts roughly from behind,
and then his fingers grasped each nipple and squeezed--HARD--as
they pulled--HARD.  Penny was brought up to tiptoe, her tits
arched forward straining against her bonds in an attempt to
relieve the pain in her tits!  She screamed into her gag. 
Nothing worked.   Suddenly the pain was gone, and the hands
returned to roaming.  They covered her body, tasting her flesh
through fingertips.  No patch of skin, no crevice was spared
exploration--except the area between her legs.  Slowly, she felt
one hand behind, one hand in front.  Both crept toward their goal
between her legs.  She struggled uselessly.  She felt one hand
reach her swollen clit and began to massage it maddenlingly.  The
fingers continued to creep down along her slit and two entered
her pussy, keeping a sliding pressure against her screaming clit.

He began to finger-fuck her back and forth, in and out, caressing
the walls of her pussy, and the clit, simultaneously.  At the
same time, she felt the fingers of his other hand reach between
her buttocks and begin to flick her anus lightly.  She tensed. 
No one, not even Barry, had ever fucked her, or finger-fucked
her, in the ass.  She stiffened in preparation of her ultimate
violation, but it did not come!  Instead, she felt a mounting
climax swelling.  The triple sensations of clit stimulation,
pussy invasion, and anus tickling caused her to feel a passion
unlike any she could remember!  The intruder continued for what
seemed like hours, causing wave after wave of shuddering,
struggling climax to hit her.  Finally, the intruder stopped. 
Penny was limp in her bonds.  
     She felt a new wave of arousal almost start again as she
felt his fingers spreading her slick labia apart.  Then she felt
the tip of the dildo press against the opening of her pussy.  She
began to moan again as the monstrous prick filled her beyond her
dreams.  Although she had not noticed it before, there was a
short extension curling up from the front of the base.  The
extension was covered with short, stiff, plastic hair-like
appendages.  The dildo was so long that, when she stood flat-
footed, it pulled at her insides, stretching her vault as far as
it would go.  At the same time, the prickly extension to the base
pressed against her sensitive, swollen clit.  Only if she stood
on tiptoe could she relieve the inside pressure and the prickling
sensation stabbing against her clit.  Abruptly, the intruder
turned on the vibrator, and left Penny alone in the dark with her
new tormentor!
     The clit is an interesting organ.  After coming a few times,
further sensation is intolerable.  It becomes oversensitive,
almost painful to stimulate.  Further orgasm is difficult at
best.  The sensations caused by added stimulation are decidedly
tortuous.
     The vibrating cock attacked Penny's clit vigorously under
exactly these conditions!  The hairy, prickly extension burrowed
itself into the cleft of her labia and the individual fine hairs
found their way under the protective hood of the clit to attack
the knobby organ directly.  Penny went wild.  She simply could
not stand further attack.  She stiffened on tiptoe as much as she
could, pulling hard on the wrist bindings as well.  She was
limited by her chained ankles, but could barely escape the
tightness in her cunt and the attack on her clit at maximum
tiptoe effort.  But she couldn't hold the position long.  As her
arms and legs tired, she felt herself slowly lowering herself
down, down on the slippery pole, with a new wave of torment
finding its way to the very center of her nervous system via a
tiny nub of flesh buried within the folds of her femininity.  
Occasionally, she could tolerate the attack long enough to bring
herself to another orgasm, but pleasure doubled the torment. 
After each orgasm, the clit was supersensitive again, and further
stimulation the next time she was compelled to slide down the
pole was increasingly unbearable.And so it went, seemingly
forever.  Up and down, one torment replaced by yet another,
endlessly.  Penny was becoming exhausted.  Suddenly, without 
warning, the vibrating sensations stopped, and Penny felt the
cock 
sliding out of her pussy.  She could now stand flat-footed
without 
further torment--so far!  

       She felt new hands, somehow different.  Then she smelled
it--
PERFUME!!  She was being felt up by a WOMAN!!  She was repulsed! 

She was NO LESBIAN!!  But she was also helpless to prevent the 
woman from exploring her body in the same way as the male
intruder 
had done earlier.  However, the explorations were noticeably 
different, softer, more sure of the response they would elecit. 
It 
was if the female intruder understood what Penny needed, liked.  
Several minutes of explorations ensued, but Penny's cunt was
untouched. 
This gave her time to recover a bit from her exhausting climaxes
and supersensations.  Just as she was about back to normal, she
felt a hand on the back of each hip.  She stiffened, fearing what
was about to happen next.  Then she felt it!  A tongue--A FEMALE
TONGUE--buried in her pussy!  Licking her slit up and down! 
Flicking across her still-swollen clit! Driving her crazy all
over again.  But this time, the sensations were both exciting and
revulsing.  Revulsing at the thought of having her cunt sucked by
another woman--exciting in the way she was being sucked off.  At
any rate, Penny soon realized she had little choice but to
endure.  It wasn't long before another series of shattering
climaxes hit her, and she was again hanging limp in her bonds.   
She thought the female intruder had left, but soon felt the hands
again.  This time the intruder was smearing something around her
nipples, in her cunt, and over her clit.  Then across her lips. 
HONEY!!  The intruder abruptly left.  OH, NO!!!  INSECTS!!  Soon
it started!  Penny was indundated by flying creatures hungrily
lapping up the sticky goo smeared over her most sensitive areas!!

Crawling around her nipples, along her slit, UP her slit!! AND
OVER HER CLIT!!  It wasn't as strong as the hairy extension of
the vibrator, but it was far more revolting, and far more
unpredictable.  Penny could do nothing to escape the onslaught! 
She struggled, threw her hips out and back as far as she could,
and cried ceaslessly into the gag!  Nothing helped.  She quietly
resigned herself to endure the torment the remainder of the
evening.  

     As dawn was breaking, Barry came out to find Penny still
trying to shake off the few insects that hadn't eaten their fill
by that time.  He reached down for a hose curled up beside the
door, and hosed her down, washing off the honey and the insects. 
He then loosed her bonds, keeping her hands cuffed behind her,
and took her in for a bath and breakfast.  He bathed her, allowed
her a few moments alone in the toilet, and fed her breakfast. 
Then she was allowed to sleep, cuffed to the bed, for the rest of
the day.  She knew evening brought dinner, and that she was to
again be the show for the evening.  Shuddering at what was to
come, she fell asleep.

------------------------To be continued in Part V 




                 THE PAVILION
                    Part V

     The knock on the door awakened Penny with a start.  She was
still groggy from the previous night's activities. As she started
to rise, she realized her hands were cuffed together and to also
cuffed to the bed head.  She also realized that she was still
stark naked.  Barry started for the door.
     "NO, DAMMIT!" screamed Penny.  "Last night was enough! 
Don't you dare let anyone else see me like this.  Untie me and
let me get dressed before you let anyone in!!"
     "Sorry, darlin'," said Barry calmly, almost coolly.  "You
still just don't get it, do you.  You don't have a choice.  Your
training will continue all week.  You'll notice you still have
on the purple collar of a slave in training."  Barry opened the
door.  
     Penny curled up to cover as much of herself as she could,
dying of embarrassment.  It was Eve, the nurse.  She had a tray
of food for Penny.  Well, at least it was a woman.  Penny
wondered what time it was and glanced at Barry's watch on the
nightstand--5 o'clock.  Penny was surprised that she'd slept all
day.  
     "Hello, Penny," said Eve gleefully.  Penny noted she wore a
green collar this time--the collar of a trained slave.  Eve was
dressed in black high heels and a black strapless minidress.  The
dress was slightly transparent on top, and the outline of Eve's
nipples were just visible through the thin material.  It was cut
very low, which exposed her breasts almost to the nipples.  The
skirt was opaque, but was made of strips of cloth about two
inches wide.  The short skirt barely covered the bottom of her
asscheeks.  She obviously wore nothing underneath!  If Eve sat or
bent over, her cunt would be revealed to anyone who cared to
look!  Even as she walked normally, the strips of cloth parted
slightly to reveal glimpses of thigh, ass, and even an occasional
glimpse of pubic hair.  Eve put the tray down on the table.  "I
hope you are feeling well.  You have a show to do tonight.  I
can't tell you how we enjoy these weeks.  You will, too, after
you learn to appreciate your role."
     "No way!  You are all sick!  I can't wait to get out of
here," retorted Penny.
     "I felt the same way my second day of training.  That was
about six years ago.  It has opened a whole new world of
excitement for our marriage.  For instance, my dress is the
uniform for all slaves.  It is exciting to dress so the Masters
can catch glimpses of your tits and pussy.  We are never allowed
to hide them completely.  It keeps their attention.  You'll see."
     Barry unlocked Penny's handcuffs from the bed head and led
her toward the table.  Suddenly, Penny tore her handcuffs from
his grasp and bolted for the door.  Eve responded quickly.  She
tripped Penny and Barry picked her up from the floor.  Penny
lashed out with her feet, trying to kick him in the balls.  Barry
threw her to the ground, quickly turned her over on her stomach,
sat on her back facing her feet, and put on the ankle cuffs and
hobble she had worn the night before.
     "There, that should hold you.  You now have two infractions
for which you must be punished.  Remember, you tried to kick me
last night, too.  Of course, your punishments will be in addition
to your normal training exercises.  Keep it up.  Everyone looks
forward to slave punishments...even most of the slaves."  With
that, Eve abruptly turned and left, closing the door behind her.
     Penny sat and ate--silently for a change.  She knew she was
beaten--for now.  
     Barry allowed her to do her bathroom chores without
handcuffs, but the hobble remained.  When Penny came out, she
found that Barry had placed a pair of black high heels and a
pareo on the bed.  He motioned for her to put these on.  Penny
knew she would be allowed nothing more for the evening.  She was
thankful to be covered at all!  Penny put on the pareo.  There
was a velcro strip at the top of the left side.  When the dress
parted as she walked, all that could be seen was a glimpse of leg
and side.  Barry attached the handcuffs to the ring in the back
of her collar, drew her hands up behind her back, and cuffed them
in a crossed position.  This forced her breasts out firmly. 
Penny was very uncomfortable and felt very vulnerable and
helpless in this position.  
     "You remember that I said you would be blindfolded and
gagged each time you would be presented in the Grand Arena.  Now
is the time."  Barry placed a hood over Penny's head.  There were
nose cut-outs for breathing, but Penny hated to have her head
confined in even a hairnet!  But she didn't resist.  She endured. 
Barry checked the blindfold portion of the hood to make sure the
eye covers were snapped in place correctly to totally cover her
eyes.  "Open wide."  Barry had a penis gag in his hand.  It was
about two inches wide and two inches long, with a wide base to
cover her mouth snugly.  Penny knew it was useless to resist, and
opened her mouth.  Barry snapped the gag in place and secured it
with a cord tied behind Penny's neck.  Penny felt she was all
tits and cunt under the pareo.  She also noticed that she felt
her clit swelling, and a tell-tale trickle of cunt juice stream
down her leg.
     Unknown to Penny, the last half inch of the velcro strip
holding her pareo had been reversed, and would not close.  Barry
smiled to himself as he attached a long cord with a velcro strip
at the end to the end of the velcro strip holding Penny's pareo
together.  Penny was unaware of what he was doing.  
     "Purely diabolical," thought Barry.
     Finally, he attached the leash to the ring in the front of
her collar.  "Show time!" announced Barry, and, picking up both
the cord attached to the velcro and Penny's leash, led a blind,
gagged, and very reluctant slave in training as she hobbled out
the door to the waiting dinner audience.
     "MMmmmmmpppphhhhh!" was all Penny could get out of her gag,
as she tried to get Barry to slow down.  She couldn't see where
she was going, and was afraid she would fall.  But Barry was
careful to guide her over rough spots and down steps.  He didn't
want her hurt--at least not in an uncontrolled manner.
     
     Meal time had just begun, and people were roaming
everywhere--up at the buffet line, eating, and just talking.  As
they entered the Grand Arena, Barry noticed all the slaves were
dressed just as Eve had been.  He soon spotted Jim and Nancy. 
Greg and Eve were at the same table.  
     Penny didn't really know what was in store for her, but she
remembered something about "on display for the meal."  Barry led
her straight for a table bathed in light in the center of the
sunken dance floor.  As Barry guided her down the steps through
the tables toward what she guessed to be the dance floor, Penny
noticed the noise in the Grand Arena turned to applause and
cheers.  She felt that all eyes suddenly were on her.  As they
neared the edge of the dance floor, Penny began to pull back, but
was no match for Barry's insistent tugging on her collar.  
     As they stepped onto the dance floor, Barry suddenly yanked
on the string, and Penny felt the sudden shock of the pareo
ripping completely open, held only by Penny's arms against her
back!  The Grand Arena suddenly became quiet except for gasps of
astonishment.  The sudden quiet quickly turned to even louder
cheers of approval.  As Penny felt the cool air against her
exposed tits and pussy, she quickly realized the scene she
presented.  She instinctively tried to curl over a little and
turn away from the audience, but Barry continued to pull her
toward center of the room.  As she followed and resisted, she
stepped on the pareo, pulling it away from her back.  It floated
to the floor and Penny was once again cruelly displayed to an
audience--helpless, totally naked, and fully visible from both
front and rear. 
     Barry turned around to make sure she was following without
any problems.  The gasps of the audience at her sudden nudity
were understandable.  She was extraordinary!  Tall, tanned,
golden blonde hair.  Long legs tapering gracefully from her hips
to her tantalizing high heels. Even in hobbles, her walk appeared
more like a graceful stroll.  Tiny waist.  Large, firm tits with
dollar-sized nipples pointed.  Barry noticed an enticing jello-
like bounce of her tits as she walked.  She would absolutely fail
the pencil test!  From the front, her tight, flat abdomen flowed
downward to end in the slight protuberance of her pubic mound. 
Her bald pussy was most proudly displayed.  Her outer lips parted
slightly, allowing the inner lips to protrude a bit through the
crevice.  Her clitoris stood out proudly between the inner lips. 
It appeared to swell a bit, peeking out carelessly from its
hooded covering.  The positioning of her arms made her equally
delicious from the rear.  The taper of her legs allowed a
separation where thighs gracefully met buttocks.  Barry knew her
pussy was clearly visible from the rear as well as from the
front, especially when she bent even slightly.  Penny soon
realized the ridiculousness of curling up.  If she bent over, she
presented an even more degrading picture to the audience!  She
decided to stand straight and tall, and allowed herself to be
gracefully led by the leash to her unknown fate.  Once again, she
became aware of an increasing sensitivity in her clit and pussy
as she walked.
     Greg and Jim came forward to help Barry in case Penny again
decided to bolt.  Barry unlocked Penny's ankle cuffs, her high
heels were removed, and Jim and Greg lifted her up onto the same
table as she had occupied the evening before.  After kneeling,
Penny's knees and ankles were strapped to the now-familiar
bolsters, about two feet apart.  Barry then reattached a cuff to
each ankle, released Penny's handcuffs, and reattached each wrist
to the OPPOSITE ankle. Penny found herself in the same position
as the evening before, kneeling in a backward taught position,
with tits and cunt lewdly exposed to the viewing audience. 
Again, she felt the tingle in her pussy, and felt another trickle
of cunt juice slowly make its way down her leg.  Penny realized
she was getting more excited in spite of her humiliation!
     The club manager announced loudly, "Penny, as you were told
last evening, you have eaten early, and have been led here to
serve as the centerpiece for the evening meal.  During the meal,
the dinner guests will have full freedom to manipulate your body
in any way they desire, so long as they do not move you from your
position.  After the meal, you will continue your slave training. 
For now, you will be kept blindfolded so you cannot see what is
about to happen, or who is responsible.  Your role during the
meal shall be to simply provide entertainment."
     Penny heard the gentle rustling of people as they rose from
their chairs but realized that she couldn't tell if people were
coming toward her, or simply resuming their dining activities. 
The noise level of conversation did increase substantially.  The
thought that she was totally exposed and helpless to prevent
strangers from exploring her most intimate places at will caused
humiliation to be shared with fear.  She was also embarrassed
that her EXCITEMENT LEVEL WAS STILL RISING!!   
     The first sensation Penny felt was a finger slowly tracing
circles around her navel, almost as if it was daring her to guess
which direction it would go next, up or down.  Penny's breath
became irregular and gasping.  IT TICKLED!!  The finger became
multiple fingertips, rapidly dancing up and down her rib cage and
across her abdomen.  Penny struggled to escape the maddening
sensations, but could not.  
     "AAaaaaMMMMMMMMMMMppppppphhhhhhhh."
Suddenly the dancing fingers were gone, only to return again, ON
HER SOLES!!  BETWEEN HER TOES!!  BOTH FEET AT ONCE!!  Her
struggles were resumed anew, but also to no avail, and the
sensation was gone again.  
     The next sensation was a finger slowly sliding down her
belly from her navel, skipping her clit, and returning below it
to slide down between her inside pussy lips to the entrance to
her cunt, where it stopped, and began to wind its way back up
again, again skipping her clit.  Penny smelled PERFUME!  It was a
WOMAN!  Penny's aversion to lesbian activities had not waned
since the night before.  But she was helpless to prevent the
attack!  As the finger continued to slowly slide back and forth,
it no longer skipped her clitoris.  Each stroke brought a new
wave of heightened pleasure and demand for more.  As Penny neared
climax, the finger stroking her cunt was joined by a pair of lips
simultaneously on each nipple gently tongue-flicking and sucking. 
The smell of perfume was suddenly gone, and the stroking finger
was replaced by a new, thicker one--and, in spite of Penny's
aversion to lesbians, she was disappointed to feel it was a less
experienced one.  
     The new stroking finger was now ENTERING her cunt with each
stroke.  Back and forth.  Going DEEPER with each stroke. 
Going FASTER with each stroke.  Touching the clit a little HARDER
with each stroke.  New lips sucked harder and the tongues flicked
faster!  Penny's sexual desires were rapidly increasing beyond
control.  She was aware that her hips were rising and falling
with each stroke of the finger, and she was breathing deeper in
an attempt to increase the attention her tits were receiving by
the unseen lips and tongues.  Penny felt her clit was so swollen
it would explode.  The engorgement of blood had made it
SUPERSENSITIVE!!!  It had swollen well beyond its hooded sheath
and the head was directly exposed to the exploring finger!  The
slightest touch was maddening.  As Penny neared climax, someone
started tickling her ribs and soles again.  Although this added
more sensations, the combination of intolerable tickling
detracted from the sexual tensions, and the nearing climax
subsided before it could be reached.  
     Again, just as suddenly as they had started, the sensations
were gone.  Penny was mad with denial.  She continued her humping
motions in an effort to find something--ANYTHING--that would
satisfy her need!  Then PAIN!!!
     PAIN in her left tit!  Then her right!  She was being
WHIPPED--NO, her TITS, her GLORIOUS TITS were being WHIPPED.  Not
hard, BUT IT HURT!!  She was madder than hell, but she was also
helpless to stop the snakelike snaps.  Penny couldn't see that
the "whip" was actually a small crop with two thin string-like
knotted cords attached.  It would not mark, but it would SMART!
     "MMMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPHHHHH, MMmmmmmpphhhh," again.  Her
struggles were useless--she could only wait until the tormentor
had had his fill of her helplessness and struggling.  Then it
stopped, and the finger returned to her slit again, starting its
maddening sensation all over again.  Then the PAAAIIINN again!!
     And so it continued throughout dinner.  Tickling, sexual
torment to the brink of release, and then PAIN!!  There were many
tormentors, but all performed basically similar feats.  She felt
as though she had been tormented by the entire audience--masters
and slaves alike.  Penny screamed and shrieked "MMMMPPpppphhhhh!"
into a silent gag throughout most of dinner!   
     After about an hour of almost continual torment, Penny again
heard the club manager's voice.  "Masters and slaves!  Now we
shall continue with Penny's slave training.  She will finish her
training which was started last night, and then she will learn
control of reflexes!"  
     The audience roared its applause.  Penny felt hands untying
her legs.  She was lifted from the table, and her high heels were
put back on her feet.  Penny was taken  behind the curtain on
stage and repositioned across a different device.  When the
curtains were parted, Penny was again rolled down to the dance
floor and was under the spotlight.  Her position added a new
definition to the word "debased."
     Penny was bent forward across a wide padded sawhorse, with
wrists and ankles chained widely apart to the side legs.  Except
for the heels and hood, she was still totally naked!  She was
presented ASS-UP and ASS-FORWARD toward the audience!  The
onlookers had a clear and gapingly unobstructed view of her ass,
cunt, and asshole from behind!  The hood remained, complete with
gag and blindfold.  Penny was dying slowly within the confines of
her hood.  She protested as much as she could, shaking her head
and struggling within her shackles.  She also felt another
noticeable ooze of cunt juice seeping down her leg!  She felt the
excitement building again, in spite of her disgraceful
presentation.  "MMMMmmmmmph!!!" again. 
     Barry ignored her.  "Masters and slaves, tonight we will
finish Penny's depilitorization.  As we noticed last night, a few
hairs remain at the lower end of her cunt and around her asshole. 
These will be removed tonight."
     Penny's struggles renewed in their intensity.  "MMMMMMMMMM-  
MMMMMMMMPPPPPPPPPPPPHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!," she protested vigorously
through the mask--and energetically shaking her head to no avail. 
Suddenly, she felt a sharp STINGING near her asshole--and
AGAIN--and AGAIN--AND AGAIN!!!  Barry was pulling out hairs with
a tweezer one by one!  Her asscheeks tried desperately to narrow
the gap between them in anticipation of the next stab of pain,
and her anal sphincter contracted vigorously as each hair was
removed.  The reflex contractions were dutifully appreciated by
the audience which clapped and cheered its approval.  After the
noticeable hairs had been removed, Barry then applied the hot wax
to her ass and perineum, all with the appropriate protests and
struggles from Penny.  But her real struggles began as he began
to remove the wax, pulling out the remaining hairs and stubble.   
     "AAAAMMMMMMPPPPPHHHHHHHHH!!!!" again, and again, with
exuberance!
     Soon, Penny was truly smooth!  She felt something pleasantly
cool being applied to her asshole.  Then she felt something being
pressed into her anus!  It stretched her wide, and it began to
hurt.  Suddenly, she felt it "plop" in.  As it continued in, the
sensation became more pleasurable, and she shuddered a little. 
Finally, all three inches of the dildo was in, and Penny felt her
anal sphincter automatically tighten around the constricting
depression at its base, holding it in place.  Barry stood back to
admire his newly plugged wife.  The audience applauded and roared
its approval.  
     The first slap was on her right asscheek!  It was a total
surprise AND IT HURT--BAD!  It was followed by another on her
left asscheek!  Just as BAD!  BARRY WAS SPANKING HER UPTURNED ASS
WITH HIS HAND!!  She tested her restraints to their limits, but
her struggles were, as usual, totally useless.  Her ass presented
an ideal target.  It was beautifully positioned and taught.  She
could barely move, mew pitifully into the mask, and toss her head
violently.  No matter how she tried to protest, her ass still
invited the blows.  Barry was a master at spanking.  He varied
the timing and location of the blows so that Penny had no way of
knowing when-or where the next one would land.  Sometimes he
alternated cheeks.  Sometimes he struck the exact same spot two
or even three times in succession, timing the slaps so that one
would hit just as the pain from the previous slap was reaching
its maximum intensity!  Those REALLY got her attention!! 
Sometimes Barry concentrated on the tops of her thighs, ignoring
her asscheeks completely.  After a few seconds, the spanking
stopped.
     "Jim, come up and help me," Penny heard Barry call out. 
Barry continued, "Flick her clit, and finger her cunt while I
spank her ass.  She might as well experience both pleasure and
pain at the same time!"
     Penny felt Jim's finger start to work on her cunt and clit
much as earlier in the evening.  She wondered if it had been Jim
earlier.  Up and down her slit, pausing to slide in and out her
wet hole with each stroke.  Then, without warning, the sliding
back and forth would stop, and Jim would concentrate on Penny's
clitoris.  He varied between rubbing it vigorously back and forth
against her pubic bone, flicking it with his finger, and
squeezing and rolling it between his thumb and index finger.  She
felt the flow of her juices trickling down her leg.  She
shuddered to think how wet her pussy must look to the spectators
assembled behind her!  Meanwhile, Barry had resumed the
spankings.  
     Penny was overwhelmed with sensations!  At first, the sexual
torment, painful spanking, and an asshole stretched and filled to
the maximum amounted to nothing less than sheer torture.  She
wanted to climax, but she also wanted the spankings to stop!  As
Barry continued the torture, she became aware that the spankings
hurt less, and began to heighten the clitoral stimulation being
meted out by Greg.  Gradually, the combination of opposing
stimulations began to work in synergy, and the sexual stimulation
was INTENSE!!  Penny was once again nearing climax.  She knew it
would be a teeth-shattering one, and dreaded the show she knew
she would present to the spectators.  They would have a clear
view of her cunt as it spasmed, and would see the free flow of
juices which would pour out of her pussy.  They would watch her
intense muscle contractions against her bindings, and would hear
her pitiful mewing sounds she would make through her gag.  She
was thankful they couldn't see her facial expressions through her
mask.

--------------------To Be Continued in Part VI




                   THE PAVILION
                      Part VI


     THEN IT ALL STOPPED!!  AGAIN PENNY WAS DENIED RELEASE!!
As quickly as it went in, Penny felt her ass bugger coming out. 
She felt her sphincter widen again to accommodate the shaft as
Barry s-l-o-w-l-y pulled it from her bowels.  Penny thought she
had a mini-orgasm as the bugger extruded.  She had never been
ass-fucked before, not even with a finger.  She had hated the
thought, and refused Barry's suggestions in that department.  One
of many things she had refused, as she recalled.  At this point,
she was wondering if perhaps she should re-evaluate MANY of her
past refusals.  As her sexual excitement waned, her asscheeks
began to hurt again.
     As the audience applauded and cheered their approval of her
performance, Penny was released from the sawhorse.  Her hands
were re-cuffed behind her collar, her hobbles were replaced, and
her hood was removed, complete with gag and blindfold.  For the
first time, Penny could see her audience, or what was left of it! 
Penny noticed that everyone except Barry, Jim, Greg were making
their way out of the Grand Arena and were moving toward the bar
on the other side of the deep end of the pool.  All the slaves
were dressed just as Eve had been when she delivered Penny's
food.  They were in various modes of restraint.  Some had their
wrists cuffed behind, some in front.  Some had their arms bound
behind at the elbow with wrists free, bound behind, or bound in
front.  Some were hobbled.  Some of the slaves were not bound at
all.  The tops of some of the bound slaves' dresses had either
worked their was down below the breasts or were pulled down. 
Apparently the bound slaves were not allowed to have the tops
replaced if they came down.  Many of the Masters were
manipulating and massaging various portions of the slaves'
anatomy on top and bottom as they walked.  The Masters were nude
except for black leather briefs and sandals.

     Penny was led to the pool where the ominous contraption
which she had noticed on Saturday seemed to loom in anticipation
of her arrival.  A large plastic tank of water had been lowered
into the pool, with the sides rising about two feet above the
pool water.  The tank rested against the windows opening into the
bar on the other side of the deep end of the pool--the windows
through which she and Barry had been observed fucking the night
of their arrival!  There were fish in tank--small ones, but FISH
nevertheless!  The ominous contraption which Penny had noticed
was a long gantry with a motor on one end and a metal seat of
some sort suspended from the other.  When placed over the water,
the seat was suspended directly over the fish tank.  The seat was
chair-like, except the seat was very short.  There was a menacing
dildo-shaped metal protrusion rising up about three inches off
the seat.  Metal rods extended down and out from each side of the
seat for about three feet.  There were straps on the chair arms,
the seat, and the extensions.  
     Penny's hobbles were removed.  The gantry was retracted to
the side of the pool, and the metal dildo rising from the seat
was lubricated.  Penny was unceremoniously lifted onto the metal
seat.  Barry and Greg took care in lowering her on the dildo.  As
the cold metal plug penetrated her anus, Penny knew why she had
been stretched and plugged earlier.  Again, Penny felt her anal
sphincter contract around the ringed depression at the base of
the dildo as she felt its full length within her bowels.  The
metal seat provided cool relief for her still-smarting asscheeks. 
Her legs were placed widely apart on each side of the short seat
and strapped down.  Her ankles were strapped to each side of the
metal extension rods.  Penny looked down and saw her pussy
extending out past the short seat.  Her cunt was widely displayed
and totally exposed!!  Her clit remained swollen and unhooded
from the evening's earlier activities.  The cold dildo stretching
her asshole added its own reasons for a swollen clit! 
     Barry started to rub a light green, foul-smelling, greasy
substance into her cunt, and stopped.  "Here Greg.  Penny would
like you to do it."  Greg continued to rub the substance around
and into Penny's cunt while Barry explained the substance to
Penny.    
     "This is fish bait.  It doesn't smell too good, but, then
again, it doesn't hurt, either.  What it will do is attract fish. 
They like to eat it.  NO, they aren't piranahs, but they do like
to nibble.  You will find the experience exhilarating, to say the
least!  You are probably wondering how the fish will get to you. 
Glad you asked that question!  You will see in due time."     
     Greg continued to apply the fish bait, using his fingers to 
spread the bait liberally well up into Penny's cunt.  Taking his
own sweet time and getting the desired response from Penny, Greg
continued as Barry and Jim released her hands and removed the
cuffs.  In spite of her excitement at Greg's stimulation, when
her hands were freed, Penny bolted.  She didn't know what would
happen, but she knew she wanted no part of it.  Why she bolted
remains a mystery.  She had no hope of escape with her asshole
filled, her legs strapped down, and with three strong men there
to see she continued with her training.  She only knew she wanted
no part of the fish tank!  The obvious happened.  Within seconds,
Penny's arms and wrists were as firmly strapped to the chair arms
as her legs and ankles were to the seat and extensions.  A
clothespin-like device was taped firmly to her right index
finger, which, in turn, was firmly taped to the chair arm.  As
Greg continued to apply the fish bait to Penny's cuntlips, cunt,
nipples, soles, and rib cage, Barry continued to explain.       
     "That is one more punishment you have earned.  I believe
that's three all together--so far.  Now to continue the
explanation of the remainder of your training for tonight.  The
device on your right index finger is an oximeter which measures
the oxygen saturation in your blood.  You will control when you
go into the water, and the measurement of oxygen in your blood
will control when you come out again.  While you are in the
water, the fish will feed on the bait smeared on your nipples,
rib cage, soles, and cunt.  Normally, the oximeter reads about
96%.  When it reaches 85%, the chair will automatically raise you
back out of the water.  
     "However, you must realize that it is not really lack of
oxygen that causes the most intense urge to take a breath.  It is
the build-up of carbon dioxide in the blood that causes the urge. 
The increase in carbon dioxide will cause an intense sensation of
air hunger long before the blood oxygen content lowers
dangerously.  By the time the oxygen reaches 85%, you will feel
absolutely starved for air!"
     Penny shook her head.  "You can't be serious!  Why are you
doing this!?" 
     "We've already been over that earlier tonight.  Besides,
there is virtually no risk.  Greg is a physician, and will be
here the whole time in case something goes wrong.  If need be, he
will pull the chair out with an emergency switch before you
drown--not much before, but just before.  It will teach you
reflex control.  That will be a lesson to treasure as your
training progresses."      
     "Well, I simply  won't go down!"
     "Ah, that's the best part!  That is certainly an option. 
However, the seat and extensions are made of metal for a reason. 
You will notice that the seat and dildo are connected to a
battery and controller.  When I throw this switch, electric
shocks will go to the seat and dildo at five-second intervals. 
The intensity of the shocks will increase on a scale from 1 to 10
and the duration will increase from half a second to five
seconds.  A shock of an intensity of 10 for five seconds will be
unpleasant indeed.  You will notice a button beneath your left
index finger.  By pressing it, the shocks will automatically
terminate and you will be lowered into the fish tank.  If I were
you, I would hyperventilate like crazy before entering the water. 
That will lower your carbon dioxide content and may lessen the
air hunger by taking longer to build it back up.  Perhaps the
oxygen content will have lowered to 85% by the time you feel
panic.  Who knows?  As you clear the water, a sensor on the cable
will pass a sensor attached to the shock controller and the
shocks will start again--short and low at first, but increasing
in intensity and duration every five seconds.   
     "Your reactions will be observed by six television cameras,
three our of the water, and three in the water.  Three will watch
you as you try to endure the electric shocks, the other three
will watch you as you endure the nibbling fish and try not to
breathe underwater.  One camera in each location will cover the
entire scene, one will be focused on a close-up of your face, and
another will be focused on a close-up of your cunt.  Greg will
have two monitors to watch your face and the general scene 
underwater and will monitor your oxygen saturation.  The other
monitors will be in the bar so the Masters and slaves can watch
you on the 'hot seat' and have a close-up of your cunt while the
fish feed.  All cameras will record your reactions, and the tape
will be edited later and sold to the members to help defray some
of the cost of your training.  Do try to hang on as long as
possible before hitting the button to lower the seat.  The upper
camera has audio as well, and we will enjoy the screams--if you
can scream.  Takes time away from getting your breath, you know.  
     "Oh, yes.  I almost forgot.  These goggles will protect your
eyes and enable you to see the fish as they nibble on you, and to
see us observing your show through the windows.  Please, struggle
as much as you want.  Everyone will be watching you trying
desperately not to breathe while the fish nibble away at your
cunt and tits.  Don't disappoint us!"
     Penny was beyond humiliated!  She was mortified at her
obscene position.  This display was far more degrading than any
of the others, and to know what she would have to endure--AND
HAVE IT TAPED--IN CLOSE-UP!!  It was beyond comprehension to
Penny.  
     "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! NOOOOOOOO!!  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! she
screamed.  
     But the three men just smiled.  Barry and Jim left for the
bar, and Greg moved to the switch.  Penny was near panic as she
tried to remember everything.  Then she realized that the only
thing within her control was the button which lowered her into
the water.  Everything else was automatic.  Her cunt juices
continued a slow ooze down onto the seat.  Penny wondered whether
the juice would conduct the shocks into her cunt.

     Greg flipped the switch to start the automatic controller. 
Penny felt the first short tingle in her buttocks and asshole. 
Rather pleasant actually.  Her anal sphincter tightened a bit. 
The clit engorged a bit more.  Then nothing.  Then another shock,
slightly longer, slightly more intense.  Still rather pleasant. 
Nothing. Another shock.  Longer, more intense, not pleasant this
time, but not really uncomfortable.  Then it hit!  
     "eeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEE-eeeEEE-EEE- EEEEEEEAAAAAIIIIIEEEEE!"
Penny screamed.  That one HURT.  Fire shot across her still-
smarting buttocks and up her asshole.  The current caused Penny's
anus to contract tightly around the depression at the bottom of
the dildo, making it even more impossible for her to raise
herself off the seat.  Although it wasn't as strong, an
unpleasant tingle hit her cunt at the same time.  Cunt juices DID
conduct the current after all.  She thought about the button,
fearing the next shock, but couldn't bear the thought of what
would happen to her in the water.  The next shock hit!        
     "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEE-
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-AAHHH-AAHHH-EEEEEE!!" The
shock was a full five seconds and much more intense than any of
the others!  Her ass, buttocks, and pussy were all on fire.  Her
anus squeezed the dildo hard!  It took the breath away, and she
completely forgot about the button.  THE NEXT SHOCK HIT!!
     "AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH-  
EEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEE-AAAH-AAARRG-  
Her anal sphincter SLAMMED around the dildo, pinning her to it.
It seemed that the shock would never stop!    
     The audience in the bar watced in fascination as Penny tried
vainly to endure the shocks.  They applauded as they watched the
surprised looks on her face as the shocks came without warning
and their intensity and duration increased.  They watched her
tits bounce with her attempts to lunge away from each succesive
shock.  They could clearly see the involuntary contractions of
her cunt and asshole as the shocks were conducted into her bowels
and pussy.   Her tolerance and will was very impressive!  But
they also knew she would lose!  They could wait.  They enjoyed
the waiting!
     Penny's ass, asshole, and cunt were an inferno!  She
remembered the button and hit it.  The shock immediately stopped,
and Penny felt herself being lowered slowly, but persistently
into the water.  In trying to recover from the shocks, Penny
forgot to purposefully hyperventilate.  When the shock hit, she
had been spending most of her time screaming continuously, and
was hyperventilating slightly just to regain her breath from the
shocks.  Just as she began breathing normally again, her chin hit
the water, then her mouth.  Penny began to hold her breath.  Her
nose went under, and Penny was completely submerged!  
     It didn't take long for the fish to find her.  After their
initial fright from having something new hit the water, the scent
of the fish bait pervaded the pool, and the fish attacked with a
vengeance.  Penny first felt them dart past her nipples and take
a quick nibble.  The intensity of the bites surprised her, and
she almost tried to gasp for breath.  Then she jumped as the fish
began to nibble at her cunt.  They quickly overcame their fear
when they realized that she was "safe" food, and began to feed
almost in a frenzy.  They hit her pussy in force, nibbling away
at her inner cunt lips, her swollen and exposed clit, and even
embedded themselves up into her cunt.  They attacked her nipples
en masse, resembling a row of clothespins around each one.  Then
they discovered the bait on her rib cage and feet.  Again, Penny
found herself in the devastating position of being sexually
stimulated and tickled at the same time.  AND HER LUNGS WERE
BURSTING!!!  The constant attacks made it nearly impossible not
to breath.  She wanted to gasp with each attack, but couldn't. 
She finally opened her eyes.  They began to bug out from air
hunger.  Through the goggles, she could see the viewing audience
at the windows, laughing and clapping at her predicament.  The
combination of air hunger and the stimulation of her cunt, clit,
and nipples overcame the unpleasant tickling sensation, and
Penny's sexual excitement began to overwhelm her.  
     As she neared a climax, she was sure her ability to hold her
breath would fail as it hit.  She hoped Greg was watching her on
the monitor, because she was nearing the limits of her tolerance! 
SHE HAD TO BREATHE!!!  Just then, she felt the seat begin to
rise.  As Penny's head cleared the water, she began to gasp huge
lungfuls of air.  Many fish held on, refusing to give up their
grocery store until their own biological needs caused them to let
go and fall back into the water.  She had been in the water only
30 seconds.  Penny had no concept of time.  It seemed like 30
hours!
     Once again, Penny's torment had been compounded by a lack of
sexual release.  She looked down, expecting to be bloody.  The
only visible evidence of the feeding frenzy was that the fish
bait had been diluted a bit, and was less green and less
foul-smelling.  Then the shocks began again!
     This time, Penny didn't wait so long.  She at least knew
what to expect in the water now, and realized she didn't want to
endure the shocks any longer than it took to regain her breath. 
On the fourth shock, she screamed and hit the button.  Again she
felt herself lower into the water.  This time she remembered to
hyperventilate.
     Barry smiled as he watched Penny enter the water the second
time.  She was performing magnificently!  As she came down, she
faced the windows.  She was beautiful.  Her blond hair, shaved
pussy, magnificent tits!  Her widely spread legs gave an obscene 
frontal view of her widely exposed cunt.  It was dislplayed as
never before!  Her pussy was gaping and the clit was, indeed,
enlarged and unhooded.  Her tits bobbed up and down in the water,
as if to invite the fish.  Her eyes opened.  Seeing him thorough
the window, they seemed to plead hopelessly.  Her struggles were
grand, but fruitless.  He wondered if she had remembered to
hyperventilate this time.  As the fish charged her again, he
could only imagine what she was feeling.
     Penny was miserable and excited at the same time.  This
time, she took longer to feel real air hunger, but it let her
concentrate longer on the fish and their incessant nibbling.  It
was more maddening this time.  They were more merciless, as if
they had recognized a good meal the first time around.  Again,
just as a climax was as near as her need to take a breath, Penny
was pulled from the water.  This time she lasted 40 seconds. 
Penny looked down to discover that there was very little of the
fish bait left on her, and the smell was much less noticeable. 
The shocks started again.  Penny tried to continue her
hyperventilation past the need to replenish her air supply,
rather waiting to start as she was being lowered into the water. 
When she could stand the shocks no longer, she hit the button
again.
     The fish started right away.  This time, however, they
seemed to concentrate on her cunt, cunt lips, and clit.  
Evidently, the food on her ribs, nipples, and feet had been eaten
away.  The lack of tickling made the sexual stimulation seem more
intense.  Also, the sensation of air hunger was longer in coming
because of the longer period of hyperventilation.  Penny
gradually let the nibbling overtake her.  Her eyes bugged out
from the slowly building air hunger.  The fish nibbled
incessantly.  She was aware of her asshole expanded to capacity
with the dildo.  As the sensations peaked, Penny climaxed with a
shuddering struggle.  Through glazed eyes, she notiece a lot of
animation from the audience at the windows as the spasms of
pleasure overtook her.  She didn't care.  Raw sexual urge was at
work.  As she was sure her lungs would burst, another climax hit
her, and another!  
     Barry was watching through the window as his wife provided
the exhibition he was hoping for.  Her cunt lips and clit were
swollen to at least twice normal size.  Her eyes were glazed and
lost in sexual bliss, no doubt compounded by air hunger.  When
the first climax hit her, she seemed to shake all over and
stiffen as if another shock had hit her.  Then a second, and a
third climax hit her.  She was beautiful the way she responded. 
Instead of closing, her legs seemed to widen a bit with the
climaxes, as if to offer herself proudly to the viewing audience. 
Barry felt his original impressions of her susceptability to be
trained as a slave were confirmed.

     Penny stayed under the third time for nearly a minute!  When
she was finally pulled from the water, she was surprised that the
shocks did not resume.  The goggles were removed, and Penny saw
that everyone was standing around and clapping.  She quickly
regained her composure, and simultaneously rediscovered her
capacity for humiliation and embarrassment.  Barry approached her
with a cloth and wiped the areas where the fish bait had been
applied.  "This is a solution that will remove the bait and the
remaining odor."  As he touched her, she shuddered again.  And
when he cleaned her cunt and clit, she shamelessly had another
shattering climax in front of everyone!      
     "Are you satisfied?" asked Barry.
     "What?"
     "Are you satisfied-sexually satisfied-fulfilled?"
     "God, I'm exhausted!"
     "Yes, but are you satisfied?"
     Penny thought.  She felt that somehow something was missing.
     "Not really."
     "What do you want?"
     "What do you think I want?!"
     "Ask me!"
     "Come on Barry, not here, not in front of all these people!"
     "Ask me!  Beg me! DO IT!!"
     "Alright!  Make love to me!"
     "NO, ask me right.  Ask me to fuck your cunt!"
     "What!!"
     "Beg me to FUCK YOUR CUNT!!  C'mon, most of these people
have seen you get fucked before--remember the pool the first
night?"  Barry began to gently stroke Penny's clit and cunt with
a finger.  Back and forth, in and out.  Gently, rapidly.  Varying
the tempo!  Varying the pressure!
     Penny's breathing quickened, and she struggled slightly. 
     "Please f-f-fuck my c-c-cunt."
     "LOUDER.  I can't hear you."  Barry continued stroking.
     "PLEASE FUCK MY CUNT!!"
     "Beg me to fuck your cunt where you are, right now."
     By now Penny was past caring where she was or who watched. 
She wanted to be satisfied.
     "PLEASE FUCK MY CUNT IN FRONT OF THESE PEOPLE!!"
     Barry adjusted the seat to the right height and removed his
pants.  His cock was at rigid attention.  He walked up to Penny
and pressed his cock against her swollen clit.  Penny climaxed. 
Then he slowly entered her.  The sensation of a filled ass and a
filled cunt drove Penny crazy.  Penny climaxed again.  Barry
stood still while he moved the seat back and forth.   Her
splendid breasts brushed and mashed against Barry's chest,
roughly stimulating her sensitive nipples.  It was more than
Penny could have hoped for.  She and Barry climaxed together, her
fourth since leaving the water, another three in the water.  His
first.  Somehow, Barry decided something was distinctly  unfair
in the design of the sexes.  Barry withdrew, and his cum seeped
out of her swollen, gaping pussy.   The gathered onlookers
shouted and applauded.  Eve stepped forward to clean Penny with a
douche.  Penny thought that was odd.  Why was she cleaning her
now? 
     "I believe that Jim and Greg deserve an award, don't you
all?" Barry asked the onlookers.
     Again, shouts and applause of approval.  
     "Want seconds, Greg?"
     Suddenly, Penny realized what Barry had in mind! 
"NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!" shouted Penny.  "Please
DON'T let someone else fuck me!!  Please!!!"
     "Sorry, sweetheart.  You have to learn that you're MINE! 
You serve my wishes.  If I want to loan you, I loan you.  And
now, you are to be Greg's and Jim's reward."
     Greg removed his pants and proudly displayed his enormously
thick  cock to Penny.  Although she was exhausted, and totally
humiliated, she was excited about the prospect that she
could-WOULD HAVE TO-take the enormous prick in her cunt. 
Besides, she could do nothing to prevent continuing her
exhibition.  Greg stretched a condom over his thick member and
confronted Penny's waiting pussy.  Greg drove his prick into
Penny's wet hole to the hilt in one sweeping entry.  He delighted
in feeling her breasts against his chest, and held her close for
a few seconds, gently rubbing her nipples against his hair to
savor the sensation.  Penny felt ravaged, crushed, and wildly
excited with the consumation!  She had never had anyone but
Barry, and the filling sensation of Greg's thick cock saturated
her with sensations she had never felt.  In spite of her
exhausted state, she climaxed again before they had a final,
simultaneous orgasm.
     Greg pulled out and Eve once again cleaned Penny for the
next event.  Jim removed his trousers and donned his condom.  His
cock was not as thick as Gregs, but it was much longer than
either Greg's or Barry's.  Penny now waited impatiently!  Jim was
slower.  He slid in an inch at a time, slowly driving Penny crazy
in a totally different way.  It seemed it would never reach the
end.  The raptures of her breasts were certainly not lost to Jim. 
He leaned over and gently sucked her swollen nipples as he slowly
slid his cock all the way in.  When Penny finally felt his pubis
crush against her supersensitive and swollen clit, she also felt
the end of his cock mash against her cervix, stretching her
uterus up to the limits!  As he began to swing the seat, Penny
could feel the end of his cock hit her cervix and his pubic bone
hit her clit simultaneously with each sweep of the seat!  Having
her clit and cervix pounded constantly with each reentry caused
her to have yet another shattering climax alone.  It took another
twenty swings before she and Jim climaxed together!  The crowd
showed appropriate approval for the event they had witnessed.
     For the final time, Eve cleaned Penny.  Penny was released
from her "chair" and her hands were re-cuffed to the back of her
collar.  Her hobble was reapplied.  Barry left Penny's hood off,
but reattached her leash, and led Penny through the assembled
Masters and slaves.  As they passed through the assembled crowd,
Barry allowed the Masters a final probe or grope of Penny's
assets for the night.   

     Barry led Penny to the room and opened the door.  He
uncuffed her hands, but left the hobble.  She was again allowed
to bathe and do her toilet routine unassisted.  When she came
out, Barry cuffed her hobble to the foot of the bed, and allowed
Penny to sleep with her hands free.  Exhausted, Penny overcame
her anticipation of tomorrow's events, and soon fell fast asleep.

     It was only Monday night.  Almost the entire week was left. 
Barry knew Penny was progressing well indeed.  He was most eager
to continue her training tomorrow.  And she still had three
punishments coming in addition to her routine training! 

--------------------To be continued in Part VII 




                      THE PAVILION
                         PART VII


     Penny was awakened Tuesday morning by the knock at the door. 
It was Eve again with breakfast for both Barry and Penny.  Penny
no longer tried to cover herself or protest against Barry's
allowing Eve to enter.  This time Eve was totally nude except for
sandals and her green collar.  She spoke courteously and quickly
left.  She sensed that this morning was not the time for more
idle conversation.  
     Penny looked at Barry and smiled.  "Well, MASTER, what's in
store for me today?"
     "First, you are not to speak unless spoken to.  Second, you
are not to look at the Masters directly in the eye unless told to
do so.  Third, you are not entitled to know in advance what's in
store for you.  You will learn in due time.  Fourth, that tone of
voice will only earn you another punishment, unless that is
really what you are beginning to want.  ARE you beginning to
enjoy your training?"
     Penny didn't answer.
     "Penny, when I ask you a question, I expect an answer.
ANSWER ME!!"
     Penny looked down at the floor, as commanded.  "Y-y-yes," 
Penny replied meekly.  "I am--at least somewhat.  It hurts, and
it's degrading, but it makes my pussy tingle, and I am beginning
to find the unpredictability and the subjugation exciting."      
"You still have a long way to go before you are entitled to wear
the green collar.  We will eat, and then we will continue."      
     After they ate, Barry handcuffed Penny's hands behind her
and attached the collar and leash.  He led Penny outside and down
the sidewalk toward the hot tub.  Penny was taken to a narrow
part of the tub which was about five feet by ten feet.  Penny was
placed sideways on a bench in the center of the narrow space,
which ran parallel to the long section of the tub.  There was a
slanted back to the bench, which ran from the bench to the side,
forming a sort of "T"  Penny was allowed to sit in the tub, but
was kept bound and hobbled.  Her hands were re-cuffed behind the
back of the bench.  After she found a comfortable position, Barry
blindfolded her, but did not gag her.  "I will leave you for
awhile to relax," Penny heard Barry say.  She was suddenly
gripped with fear as she had been that first night when he had
left her outside.  Her Master was no longer around to protect
her.  Or was he??
     Penny relished the gently swirling hot water.  It soothed
her aching body, and she soon began to feel quite comfortable. 
She abruptly felt hands at her ankles, and her hobble was undone. 
Her legs were widely separated, and shackled to something on
either side of the bench on which she was resting.  Then she
realized that the portion of the seat between her legs had been
removed!  Bands were placed across her upper thighs and attached
to the remaining seat, keeping her in a seated position.  Her
arms were uncuffed reattached to something above her head on the
back of the seat.  She was "spreadeagle" on the bench in the
water.  Was it Barry?  Was it someone else?  Penny shuddered and
tingled.  Someone entered the water on her right side.  Penny
waited.
     Lips on her right nipple, gently sucking, swirling, tongue
flicking.  It stopped, only to be replaced with the same
sensation on her left.  She could hear the water swishing as
someone moved around in the water.  Was there more than one? 
Hands on her hips, arms against the insides of her thighs.  Penny
reflexly tried to close her knees, but to no avail.  Then she
felt the tongue on her slit, gently sliding up and down, flicking
in and out of her cunt, up and gently across her clit.  Then it
stopped.  She guessed he (OR SHE!!!) had to come up for air. 
Then again, and a slight nibbling of her clit.  Penny's breathing
quickened, and the beginnings of a climax began to swell within
her.   As her clit continued to be attacked between intermittent
breaks for air, Penny felt ANOTHER hand begin to gently stroke
and knead her right tit, then another on her left.  Then a pair
of lips on her right tit, and another on her left.  There were at
least THREE tormentors!!  Where was her Master--or was he there?? 
The hands stroking her tits moved to her ribs, and her belly. 
The combination of tit sucking, tickling, and pussy-flicking was
overwhelming!  Penny struggled, unable to anticipate where the
dancing fingers and tongue would go next.  Her eyes rolled back
within the blindfold, and Penny climaxed!  
     "NNNNgggghhhh!  NNNNNGGGGHHHHH!  NNNNGNGNGGHHHH!"  Penny
made short, degrading, grunting noised as the climax hit her. 
The tormentors prolonged their attack causing the climax to be
long and continuous for several seconds.  Penny finally went
limp, exhausted, and the torment stopped.  She heard the water
swish as the people left her alone in the tub.  Then came the
roar.  Penny tensed as she realized that the jets had been turned
on, and her spread pussy was right in front of one of the
outlets!  The powerful spray of water hit her right on the clit,
and swept down to her gaping cunt and asshole.  Penny struggled
vigorously to escape the swirling torment, but could not
appreciably change her position.  The water jet caused Penny to
climax again, and again, and again.  The remaining hour in the
hot tub seemed to be an eternity before Barry finally turned off
the jets and led her back to the room to be dressed for the
remainder of the day's activities.  Penny could scarcely walk.    

    Back in the room and after lunch, Barry "dressed" Penny in
her costume for the day.  First, a tight large elastic band was
placed around her torso just under her breasts.  Another was
placed just above her breasts.  Similar bands were placed on
either side of both breasts, causing them to be tightly squeezed
between the constrictions.  Barry observed how her tits stood out
even more proudly than usual, and how they had taken on a
slightly purplish color.  They would soon engorge nicely, and
become supersensitive.  
     The "bottom" consisted of a type of elastic thong, with a
wide waist band with two bands snapped to it which were to go
through the crotch.  Penny stepped in, and Barry tightened it up. 
Barry commanded Penny to lie back on the bed with her legs up and
widely separated while he adjusted the crotch bands.  Penny found
the position both embarrassing and exciting, especially since she
was forced to assume the position in front of their open window
in full view of the other Masters and slaves assembling on the
beach outside.  Barry adjusted the crotch pieces so that a band
was placed on either side of her pussy and asshole. The crotch
bands were crossed in front before snapping to the waist band, so
that her now supersensitive pussy was squeezed tightly in a
similar fashion as her tits.  The bands caused her outer pussy
lips to protrude widen even more obscenely, and forced her clit
and inner pussy lips to extend beyond their hiding place and
become prominently visible.  Barry thought it might be
interesting as she walked.  The friction would be maddening to
her.  
     "Today will be rubber band day," Barry told her.  "The
significance of that will become more clear as we proceed."     
Her hands were promptly cuffed behind her back again.  Penny
looked at her form in the mirror, and realized how seductive she
looked.  To be made to prance around in such a predicament would
be irresistible to most males.  She knew that is precisely what
Barry intended.  Barry picked up a small sack and reached for the
leash.

     Penny was unceremoniously led out to the beach in her rubber
band "bikini."  She was an instant hit with both Masters and
slaves.  She was forced to parade up and down the beach for
awhile, and Barry allowed those Masters and slaves who asked
permission to touch, pinch, rub, swat, and otherwise manipulate
Penny anywhere they wished as she walked.  As she was being used,
she looked around.  Everyone was nude.  Many Masters and slaves
were simply sunning, but many were also in various stages of
sexual activity, mostly in the water.  She was soon very excited
and panting.  
     Barry led her over to one of the many large shade trees
lining the water's edge.  She knew he would bind her to the tree,
but just how came as a surprise!  He uncuffed her hands and tied
them to the trunk of the tree about waist level, and tied her
right ankle to one of the protruding roots about five feet away
from the trunk, so that Penny had to bend over to reach the
trunk.  The resulting stretch on her tightly bound tits was
increasingly uncomfortable.  Barry then reached up and pulled
down a small branch which exited the trunk at about the five foot
level and angled slightly upwards as it extended outward.  As one
of the slaves held the branch, Barry tied Penny's other ankle to
the branch.  As the slave slowly released the branch, Penny's
legs were stretched widely apart, the right ankle bound to the
root, and the other pulled upward by the branch, so that she
resembled a "Y" lying on its side with her pussy forming the
center of the arms of the "Y."  The position caused her to reach
for the trunk sideways, rather than facing the ground, and she
blushed to think of the presentation of her shaved pubic area to
the bathers in the water.  
     "Masters, gather around!"  Barry reached into the sack and
pulled out several black rubber pieces about 1/2" wide and about
6" long.  These he passed out to the gathered Masters.  
     "I have told our slave-in-training that today is 'rubber
band day.'  Now, in addition to her 'bikini,' she is about to
realize just what that means.  Anywhere on her body is fair game,
except the head and neck.  You may fire at will."
     Penny could only watch with dread as the group of Masters
surrounded her tightly strung nudity.  She tried desperately to
bring her knees closer together to diminish the target of her
cunt, but she could not.  The first sting hit her swollen right
tit.  The second the left.  Penny let out a gasp with each
strike.  She did not scream.  The next stings hit her back and
buttocks, the next few hit the backs of her legs and belly.  Then
the blows came in an unpredictable fashion.  The ones on her tits
and belly were worse because she could see them coming, but could
do nothing to prevent them.  Nipples, undersides of breasts,
ribs, backs and insides of legs, buttocks, and back--nothing was
spared, save her cunt.  More Masters gathered around, mostly at
the foot of the "Y," looking directly into her splayed cunt.  It
was almost as if they were waiting for a signal from Barry. 
Penny moaned and gasped with the stings, but still had not
screamed.  Barry stood just in front of Penny, watching her
reactions to the flailing rubber bands.  With horror, she saw him
look at the Masters gathered around the bottom half of her naked
body and slowly nod and smile widely.  The first sting on her
bald cunt hit her left swollen pussy lip, the next her right. 
The third hit her between asshole and cunt.  The fourth hit her
directly on her protruding clit!  Penny screamed.  The stings
continued uninterrupted from all directions and now, at all
points of her body.  Even the sole of her left foot was not
spared.  Penny's screams continued for several minutes.
     Suddenly, another type of scream was heard, and everyone
looked toward the water.  Jim suddenly grabbed Nancy and pulled
her toward the shore.  The Masters stopped Penny's torment, and
looked at the Jim and his stumbling slave as they came up on the
beach.  He threw Nancy on the ground.
     "Damn, she scraped my cock with her teeth.  I've told her
and told her to be careful, but she still does that occasionally. 
It's like she wants to be punished.  Well, so be it.  Hold her!"  
     Penny was thankful for the diversion.  It allowed her to
recover a bit, although she knew that she was far from having her
torment ended for the day.
     Jim had the others place Nancy on her back and tied one foot
to the same tree as Penny, and the other foot to the same root
extending out toward the water.  Her hands were bound over her
head to an adjacent tree trunk.  Nancy was also in a "Y,"
although it was far more conventional that Penny's.  
     Jim reached into his beach bag, took out rubber gloves, and
returned to the water.  A few minutes later, he came back to his
slave holding something in one gloved hand.  
     "Look into my bag and find the gag.  Gag her!"
     One of the Masters did as Jim asked.  The gag was a penis
gag with a large foam pad surrounding her mouth.  The Master
buckled it tight behind her head.  It would be very effective in
muffling even the loudest screams.  Penny didn't know what Jim
had in mind, but she knew it wouldn't be pleasant.  She was
supposed to give pleasure, but she had hurt, AGAIN.  This time
she knew he meant to teach her a lesson.  Her eyes pleaded, but
were unheard.  She struggled, and grunted, but could only lie
there and wait for Jim to show what he had in mind.  
     His hand opened, and he held a jellyfish!  With the other
hand, he plucked one of the long tentacles off the jellyfish, and
laid the jellyfish on the beach well out of the area so nobody
would accidentally step on it.  He approached Nancy with the
tentacle, and her eyes widened in terror.  Jim dangled the
tentacle over Nancy's left breast, and allowed the tip to graze
along the side.  Nancy screamed silently into the gag as the fire
hit her left tit and increased in intensity.  Then the side of
the right breast, along her ribs and belly, and down the insides
of each leg.  Nancy struggled fiercely, and made maddening mewing
sounds in the gag, but could not stop the excruciating pain.      
     "That was only the tip of the tentacle placed on rather
insensitive areas.  Imagine how it would feel if the area was
more sensitive, or if the tentacle were held in place!"
     Nancy's eyes widened anew, and the struggles intensified
again, uselessly.  She knew what was coming, and she was helpless
to prevent it.  Jim reached into his bag again and drew out a
bottle of meat tenderizer.  Mixing it with water, he made a paste
which he spread over the areas of torment, and the pain
immediately subsided as the papain in the tenderizer neutralized
the chemical irritant from the tentacle.  Although thankful for
the relief, she knew that this was only the calm before the
renewed storm.
     Jim dangled the tentacle once again over the right breast. 
This time, he allowed the tentacle to hit the center of the
nipple, and slackened the tentacle so that it encircled the
nipple as it lowered down on the breast.  It seemed to stick to
Nancy's tit as she struggled, but it did not dislodge.  Another
tentacle, another nipple.  Finally, through her painful haze,
Nancy saw a THIRD tentacle, and she knew where it would go!! She
saw Jim kneel between her outstretched legs, slowly lowering the
tentacle!!  As the tentacle was lowered, her world exploded into
a mass of pain!!  The tentacle was layered into her widely spread
slit, with the final bit of tentacle allowed to finally come into
direct contact with, and then encircle, her clit!  Nancy's
protestations were so massive, that her screams were clearly
audible through her gag.  Nancy passed out, and was quickly
revived with water, only to be hit again with the massive pain in
her tits and cunt.  
     "Learned your lesson, love?" asked Jim.  Nancy nodded
vigorously.  Jim removed the tentacles, and smeared the sensitive
areas with the paste, and the pain was dramatically lessened, but
not gone.  "I believe I will allow you to remain in this position
with some residual discomfort to reflect on your deeds and the
lesson learned.  Besides, it is an advantageous view for you
while we resume our training session with Penny."



     Once again, the "banding" of Penny was about to resume. 
Barry had an idea.  
     "Gentlemen, let's increase the discomfort factor a bit."     
Penny's eyes looked at him pleadingly.  How much more could she
take?  Barry went over to the wall of the building and pulled off
a few leaves.  "They call these Jamaican nettles."  Penny
struggled again, knowing full well where they would go.  From the
sack, Barry extracted a metal gynecologist's speculum.  Penny
realized her cunt was dripping, and lubrication would be quite
unnecessary.  Barry rubbed the nettles into the helpless slit and
across the clit and asshole.  The stinging itch was almost
immediately unbearable, and began to increase from there!  Then
Penny felt the cold steel of the speculum enter her cunt and
spread it widely open!  Everyone at the foot of her "Y" could
look directly up her cunny walls to her cervix.  Barry rolled up
the nettles and stuffed them into the speculum, withdrawing it
almost in one motion.  She was stuffed with the stinging,
burning, itching wicked things.  She could only endure.  
     "Gentlemen, we may now continue."
     The banding resumed.  Penny was in doubled torture.  Her
cunt was being gnawed away by the nettles, and she felt that her
flesh, including the flesh of her pussy, was being flayed by the
bands.  Masters would tire and be replaced by others.  She was
allowed short respites, but Penny screamed most of the remaining
afternoon.  Sometime during her torture, she wasn't sure just
when, Nancy was released and led inside by Jim for some continued
entertainment.  
     Finally, the nettles were removed and Penny was taken down
to be led back to the room.  Barry treated her nettle stings and
allowed her to bathe, shave her legs, and perform other assorted
toilet duties.  She looked in the mirror, and, to her amazement,
saw a beautiful body totally unmarked!!  In fact, she felt
wonderful!  It was a good thing, because she knew the evening's
entertainment was yet to come!

      As usual, Penny ate early, and was led naked, collared, and
cuffed to the pavilion.  She was quite used to being presented
nude now, and did nothing to try to hide her private parts from
the gaze of the assembled Masters and slaves.  She assumed her
kneeling and spread position on the table and was blindfolded as
the evenings before.  During dinner, the Masters were free to
explore her every nook and cranny as they desired.  Soon, Penny
was taken down from the table and led behind the curtain on
stage.  
     The club manager began the evening's entertainment, "Good
evening again guests.  Let me introduce Barry again to you for
the continued education and training of the slave Penny."
     The audience applauded as Barry came out dressed, as usual,
in a leather loin pouch and sandals.  
     "Let the training continue!"
     The curtain opened, and Penny was wheeled down the ramp and
onto the dance floor.  Her still naked body was encased in a
clear plastic box, the top of which came up just beneath the
armpits.  Her arms were strapped widely apart to the top of the
box.  She was neither gagged nor blindfolded.  Her ankles were
chained widely apart to the bottom corners of the box.  There was
no slack in the ankle chains.  The hole through which she was
inserted into the box was lined with a thick foam rubber gasket
which fit snugly between her and the top of the box.  Penny could
hardly move, except for the ability to wiggle her hips obscenely
and bend her knees to give the audience a better view of her
spread labia and cunt.  There was a smaller box, about 12" X 12"
attached to the right side of the larger box.  Although Penny
could not see it, there was a target and a "bull's eye" painted
on the front of the smaller box, and a small trap door between
the smaller and larger boxes.
     Barry continued, "Our slave-in-training, Penny, has learned
to endure and derive pleasure from many different stimulations
and situations.  She has endured the indignity of public exposure
of her most private body parts and has been made to exhibit them
in the most obscene manners possible.  She has endured near
suffocation and simultaneous sexual stimulation.  She has endured
sexual torment by seen and unseen strangers.  She has endured a
banding, tickling, waxing, icing, and many other torments, and is
beginning to learn how to appreciate being a slave.  Tonight, we
explore another facet of humiliation and indignity--psychological
torment.  There will be no pain, no sexual torment, nothing like
what you have experienced so far.  You will soon learn what I
mean.  May I have a Master volunteer from the audience to throw
out the first ball?"  Barry drew a chalk line on the floor about
twenty feet from the box.  Penny noticed for the first time that
Barry tossed a baseball in his hands.  
     A Master stepped forward.  "Used to play semi-pro baseball. 
I bet I can hit the target."  He missed the entire box.  Penny
wasn't sure why, but she felt she should be thankful.
     Another stepped forward, threw the ball, and hit the target
dead center.  The trap door opened with a "clang."  The noise
caught Penny's attention and she looked down.  Slowly, they began
to come out one by one.  Banana spiders!!  After about five
seconds, the door snapped shut again, but three spiders were
loose in the box with Penny's nude bound body!  
     "Tonight we will learn to tolerate those things we fear
most.  In Penny's case, it is spiders.  She is terrified of them. 
People are funny--some hate snakes, some beetles, others spiders. 
Every time the target is hit, the door will open for another five
seconds, and more spiders will be set free.  They like to roam,
especially wet places.  You will note that Penny can only wiggle. 
She can't get away from them, and she can't move to kill them. 
Not even with her feet.  Of course, they are harmless, except for
the way they must feel crawling around Penny's skin, and
investigating the wet places."

     Penny was not embarrassed, she was terrified.  She began to
sweat profusely, and plead.  "PPPLLLLLLEEEAAAASSEE!!!  NOT THIS!! 
Please, MASTER, PLLLLEEEAAAASSSE!!!  AAARRRRRGGGGHHHHHH!!!  GET
THEM OFF!!  GET THEM OFF!!!  NOOOOWWWWW!!!"  Penny was nearly
convulsing within the confines of her box.  The writhing and
thrusting of her hips was as obscene a show as anyone had ever
seen!  The spiders began crawling up her legs.
     "Next pitcher?"
     Another Master arose to take his turn, and again hit the
target dead center.  Another five seconds, another few spiders. 
After about thirty minutes there were a good fifteen spiders in
the box with Penny, and she continued to scream and gyrate
violently in an unsuccessful effort to shake them off.  Her
strapped fists were clenched tight, and were pounding fiercely on
the top of the box within the narrow slack of the tethers. 
Because she was wet all over, the only place the spiders seemed
to congregate was on Penny.  None were on the floor or sides of
the box.  They were all on Penny!!  The spiders were up her legs,
crawling around her breasts, and up her back!  They were
beginning to invade the crack of her ass!  Then she felt it!!  At
least one began to nuzzle her gaping pussy!!  They did, after
all, like the wet places.  Although she was wet all over, some
places are just special, I guess.  Penny's screams and gyrations
took on an entirely new fever pitch when she felt the spider
invade her vaginal opening.  It didn't stay long.  Too confining,
I guess.  But it wasn't the only invader for the evening.  After
an hour, twenty-five spiders were loose, and Penny had not
stopped screaming, struggling obscenely, and sweating profusely. 
Each time a new pitcher came to the "plate," she pleaded all over
again for him to not throw the ball.  He did, and more spiders
were loose if he hit the target.  Fortunately, not all the
pitchers hit the bull's eye, but many did.  Penny's torment was
more excruciating than any public indignation or pain she had
tolerated.  This was FEAR!  This was uncontrollable PANIC!!  She
had to ESCAPE!! But she could not!  She was deathly afraid, but
she was also beginning to notice the rising buzz in her crotch as
the spiders continued to find, and then leave, her most wet
place.  
     After about an hour and a half, Barry stopped the show. 
Penny's ankles were released by Barry's flipping a switch on each
lower side of the box.  The top of the box, including Penny, was
then hoisted up by chains attached to hooks holding Penny's arms. 
Penny, spiders and all, was dangling from the box top.  The box
was removed, and the spiders were picked from Penny's body and
replaced in the smaller box to be turned loose in the wild. 
Penny was lowered to the ground, unfastened, and the box top was
removed from her body.  Her hands were cuffed behind her.  Then,
as she started to be led from the room, she fainted.  Barry
caught her, and had to carry her back to the room where she slept
through the night.  

----------------------------Continued in Part VIII 




                      THE PAVILION
                        Part VIII


     The next morning's routine was much the same, Eve bringing
breakfast, Penny being allowed to do her toilet routine.       
"Today, I have something special for you,"  volunteered Barry. 
It wasn't what he said, it was the emphasis he put on the word
"special" that caused Penny to shudder.  "Assume the
position." 
     Penny turned around and placed her hands behind her back. 
They were promptly cuffed behind her neck to the collar.   The
short hobbles were placed on her ankles--not so much to keep her
from running anymore, but more to keep her in the sensation of
helplessness.  She was gagged, but not blindfolded.  The leash
was attached to the front of the collar, and she was led outside
stark naked, as usual.  
     Barry led Penny away from the beach and toward the ominous-
looking building earlier identified as the "Punishment Building." 
Penny began to silently tremble as she was unceremoniously led up
to, and then through, the doors of the building.  
     "Remember, dear, you have three punishments coming.  I
haven't forgotten, did you?"  
     Penny shook her head in silence, and looked down at the
floor as she entered the building.  There was an alcove with a 
slave in punishment on either side of the entranceway.  
     The slave on the left was totally nude, gagged, and rigidly
fixed to a frame holding her in the lithotomy position (like that
when being examined in the gynecologist's office) with a piston
device pushing a dildo in and out of her gaping vagina.  Then
Penny noted that the dildo was made of ICE!  A short extension,
much like the one used on her, was hitting the clit with each
intrusion into the helpless, waiting hole.  Numerous ice cubes
attached to long strings were attached to an overhead meshwork. 
The meshwork was attached to the piston device, causing the mesh
to jerk up and down with each piston stroke.  The ice cubes were
dancing up and down on numerous points on her ribs, tits, and
abdomen as her cunt and clit continued to be violated by the
supercold monster. About the only thing that could move was her
head.  She was jerking her head violently and mewing nearly
silently into her effective gag.  She was obviously not enjoying
the experience.  
     "Jasmine forgot to ice her Master's drink appropriately
yesterday.  I doubt she will forget again," said Barry.  
     The slave on the right was similarly nude, but was suspended
in air by all fours, back to the ground.  The slave's arms and
legs were fixed to four corners of a square metal railing which
was suspended from the ceiling.  Her cunt was staring out at
Penny and Barry.  A bottle of "Heet," a common over-the-counter
arthritis medication which burns slightly when applied to skin
over joints, was sitting on a bench beside the slave, with a sign
that read, "Apply liberally!"
     Apparently, someone had already applied some to the slave's
more tender mucous membranes, because she was dancing in air,
moving her hips in a most obscene manner as if to escape some
unseen torment.  Her glance at Barry seemed to beg him to go away
without tormenting her further.  It was not to be!
     Barry smiled as he picked up the bottle, and extracted the
cotton applicator on the end of a long wire.  The slave's eyes
widened and she began to mew softly into her gag much as the
sounds coming from across the room.  Barry reached for her right
nipple and smeared the chemical around it.  The slave increased
her mewing and animated movements.  Then the left.  Action
increased further.  Barry dipped the applicator into the bottle
and approached the slave between her legs.  She lifted her hips
as high as she could, and alternately tried to close her legs and
opened them as wide as she could in an effort to escape the
impending torture.  Barry swiftly swabbed the slave's vagina and
rectum before the heat from either one hit her brain.  As the
chemical reaction reached her brain, she became nearly
uncontrollable, testing the limits of her restraints to the
limit.  Barry calmly inserted the applicator into the bottle
again, allowing a copious amount of the liquid to be retained on
the applicator.  It dripped freely.  Barry used his elbows to
hold the struggling slave's hips still, used the thumb and
forefinger of his left hand to pull back the hood over the clit,
and allowed the liquid from the applicator in his right hand to
drop on the bare nubbin of nerve tissue.  It screamed fire as the
liquid hit.  The slave realized a totally new meaning of pain. 
Barry and Penny left the slave struggling, realizing that someone
else was entering behind them.  They entered the main punishment
hall.
     The hall was full of Masters and slaves in various forms of
punishment.  Nearly all the slaves were bound nude and gagged. 
If they weren't nude, the clothing added to their torment in some
fashion.  The gags were necessary.  The noise would have been
deafening if all the slaves were allowed to scream as they
wished.  Most of the slaves, except those in the foyer, had
Masters in attendance.
     One slave was sitting astride a bare wooden bar about the
width of a 2 X 4.  It was smooth, but hard.  Her naked pussy was
bearing the entire brunt of her weight.  Her ankles were bound
widely out to either side, and her legs were tied down tight. 
Her hands were bound behind her, and her arms were drawn up,
causing her to sit directly on her pussy.  Her clit was mashed
against a small vibrating disc fixed to the wooden bar.  Her
pussy and ass were filled with metal dildoes.  A small metal disc
was under her ass plug.
     "This is particularly painful," Barry explained to Penny.
"Her cunt is constantly in pain from the position.  However, the
vibrating disc under her clit causes climax after climax.  As she
climaxes, she rears back, causing pain in her shoulders.  As the
ass plug hits the metal disc under it, her pussy receives an 
electric shock, and her ass gets a shot of hot oil up it.  She
gets a climax, an electric shock, and a hot oil enema all at the
same time.  She has been there about two hours now.  I suspect
she needs to go real bad by now."  
     Penny noticed the slave was sweating profusely and panting. 
The slave looked as if she was nearing another climax, and was
trying desperately not to let it happen.  She seemed to be
pleading with her master not to raise her arms any further!     
Another slave was bound on her back to a table with her arms back
over her head.  Her legs were splayed widely and tied near her
shoulders, presenting her cunt and ass gapingly to the room.  She
had two Masters in attendance.  One was vigorously eating her
clit and cunt while the other stood at her heat between her arms
stroking her armpits, sided of her breasts, ribs, backs of her
legs, and feet.  This slave was not gagged, and her pleadings and
screams of pleasure and simultaneous tickling torment filled the
room.  Her sentence was for two continuous hours of this.  She
had an hour to go!
     Another slave was on tiptoe.  Metal plates were attached to
her heels with matching plates on the floor.  She was kept in
place by a dildo embedded into her cunt attached to a pole
arising from the floor.  Wire loops with barbs attached to either
side of the pole and encircled each leg.  Large clips were
attached to her nipples, and these, in turn, were attached to a
large can.  The can was at the end of a large, smooth, metal
penis gag inserted into the slave's mouth.  A hose entered the
can from a large container hanging from the ceiling above the
slave's head.  As she let her stance falter, the metal plates
would touch, and water would enter the can held by the gag.  As
the can filled with water, the slave could no longer hold the
gag, and it would drop, jerking the clamps off her nipples.  This
slave was gagged only when the penis gag was being held.  She
could not plead until it was too late.  She was allowed to scream
as the clamps jerked off.  She screamed about every ten minutes. 
This was a signal for her Master to return to her, empty the can,
and reinsert the gag.  Her sentence was also for two hours.     
One particular slave caught Penny's attention!  She was totally
nude, and in a position similar to the slave on the "horse,"
except that the slave's legs were supported by
plexiglass sides of the horse, and the area between her legs was
totally open.  There was a flat piece of plexiglass arising from
the front of the horse, and another arising from the middle of
the horse.  The slave was "sandwiched" between the two flat
pieces of plexiglass.  The bottom of the flat pieces was cut to
fit the upside-down "V" of the horse, and the front piece was cut
out at the crotch to expose the slave's peering pussy.  There
were holes cut out of the front piece through which the slave's
breasts protruded.  A horizontal hole in the back piece allowed
the slave's arms to be drawn though and attached firmly to the
back of the plexiglass.  The top of the front piece reached the
slave's chin.  A strap held the slave's head firmly down on the
chin rest, making it impossible for the slave to move her head or
open her mouth.  Two Masters were in attendance.  One Master had
pierced both labial lips with new gold rings.  The other Master
was tattooing the second breast.  The first Master was
stimulating the clit with a vibrator in preparation for the final
piercing.  The piercing and ongoing tattooing was without benefit
of
anesthetic. She was obviously in distress, but could neither
scream nor move.
     "I have something simple designed for your first
punishment," Barry said.  "I simply want to whip you.  We will
get more technical later."
     Penny shuddered at this.  She had tasted the whip, but not
severely.  She felt herself being led to the center of the room,
also the most openly exposed position in the room.  As usual, she
would be most prominently displayed.  Penny was placed kneeling
on a padded bench about three feet wide.  The backs of her knees
and her ankles were strapped down to the bench widely separated
by about three feet.  Her arms were raised and cuffed to a bar
hanging from the ceiling.  Her wrists were also cuffed about
three feet apart.  The bar was raised slightly so that Penny was
extremely taught.  Barry brought out a bottle, and began to smear
Penny all over with some kind of oil.  He rubbed it over her
back, buttocks, and backs of her legs.  Penny guessed he was
putting it where he intended to whip her.  Then he began to rub
it over the soles of her feet!  Over her breasts!  Over her
abdomen, the fronts of her legs!  Finally, Barry rubbed the oil
into her gaping, dripping pussy!!  He removed her gag.
     "God, Barry---Master!  You're not going to whip my tits and
pussy!  Please, Master! Don't whip me there."
     "Be careful.  That earned you an extra ten strokes--wherever
I please!"  Barry had removed the gag for a reason.  He placed
ear plugs in each ear and a leather hood over Penny's head.  The
hood had an effective penis gag and blindfold.  There was ample
breathing room through nose holes.  "This is to protect your
lovely face in case I miss!" Barry disclosed.  There was also
ample room for her long hair inside the hood.  Her back was now
totally exposed for punishment!
     Penny struggled slightly, and resigned herself to her fate. 
Now she could neither hear or see when the first stroke would
come.  
     Barry selected a four-foot quirt with three leather thongs
at the end.  It would hurt, but would not mark her skin,
especially now that she was well-oiled!  The first strike was
between her shoulder blades.  The second was timed to hit as the
fire from the first was at its peak.  The third was around her
waist, the fourth on the left buttock, the fifth on the right. 
The sixth was at the base of her right shoulder blade, and snaked
around to catch the side of the right breast.  The seventh hit
the left.  The next two hit the backs of each leg.  Three in
quick succession on the bottom of each foot.  Barry stopped
momentarily.
     Penny didn't know what to expect.  The fire was like nothing
she had ever felt!  She started screaming from the first blow,
and did not stop, realizing that she couldn't be heard.  She
suffered in total silence, writhing as best she could.  She could
not protest, could not tell him that she couldn't stand it.  She
would have no choice but to endure it until he decided to quit. 
The fire hit again and again--her back, butt, legs--AARRGGGh--her
tits!!  HER FEET!!  PLEASE STOP!! PLEASE!!! I CAN'T STAND IT!! I
CAN'T!!!  mmmmmmmppppphhhhhhhh!!!  The fire quit.  Penny wondered
why and for how long.  Was he finished!??  As her left nipple
exploded in flames, she knew he had just moved to her front!     
Barry worked over each breast, her abdomen, and the front of her
legs!  Penny struggled in silent, useless agony.  No part of her
from her armpits to the fronts and backs of both legs had been
spared the sting of the whip.  Then Penny realized that ONE PART
had been SPARED! OH, NO!!! HE WOULDN'T!!  But she knew her legs
were spread obscenely for only one reason.  She waited in
anticipation of the worst pain yet to come.  
     Barry removed the flap over one ear and whispered, "Penny,
you have pleased me.  You are magnificent when you struggle!  I
am going to give you five more strokes.  But they will be up
between your legs.  I want you to know that in advance so you can
let the fear build through your anticipation.  It will be every
bit as bad as you think it will be--perhaps even worse!
     As Barry replaced the ear flap, Penny shook her head
vigorously and mewed unintelligibly into her hood.  The
anticipation was terrible.  She had no way of knowing when the
first stroke would hit, or the next, or the next!  Penny waited. 
The room was fixed on Penny.  Even the slaves were riveted on her
tormented body.
     Barry changed quirts to one which ended in a single thong. 
He stood in front of Penny and snapped it quickly up between her
legs.  It flicked across her right labial lip.  Penny reacted as
if she had been shot.  Her struggles were violent.  Just as the
pain seemed to subside, the left labia was hit.  The a cut up the
middle of her cleft, with the quirt ending with a snap across her
winking asshole.  Penny was struggling and mewing continuously
now, trying desperately to close her legs--all uselessly.  The
fourth cut ended in Penny's wet, gaping cunthole.  For the last
slice, Barry silently went behind Penny.  He cut her up the
middle again, with the quirt ending right on Penny's swollen,
exposed clit!  Her struggles were delicious.   It was over.       
Penny was taken down, and allowed to recover.  The hood was
removed, but the gag was replaced.  Penny was amazed to find that
she was totally unmarked.  She was led to her next punishment.    
 Penny was taken near a wall and hung from her wrists facing the
wall.  Her ankles were raised over her head by cuffs attached to
pulleys on the wall.  Extending out and down from the wall was a
rod.  At the end of the rod was a smooth metal dildo.  A metal
dildo was placed up Penny's asshole.  The dildo was wide, and it
had a depression near the base.  Her anal sphincter tightened
around the depression, fixing the dildo in place until it would
be removed by someone else.  A coiled wire was attached from the
dildo to a battery in the floor.  
     Barry explained, "The dildo on the wall will be inserted
into your pussy.  Your feet will be freed.  So long as you can
hold the dildo with your pussy, you will have no punishment. 
However, if you slide off the dildo, you will swing back and
forth for a few swings.  The backward tension on the coil wire
will activate the battery.  Each time the coil stretches after
the first backward swing, you will receive a shock to your
asshole.  The shock will stop as you reach the lowest point in
your swing.  When you finally stop altogether, the shocks will
stop.  I will reset the battery so we can stretch the coil to get
you back onto the dildo again.  Oh, yes, I forgot.  The dildo is
one with which you are familiar.  It has a front extension to
vibrate against your clit at the same time.  Be careful not to
get too wet, or to come.  You might have a hard time holding on!" 
    Penny's feet were up on the wall, spread wide.  Barry
inserted the cold metal dildo fully into her open pussy.  The
extension snuggled right against the nubbin of clit.  Barry
flipped a switch.  The vibrator started its torment.  Her ankle
cuffs snapped open.  Penny gripped the dildo as tightly as her
vaginal muscles would allow.  The dirty little extension did its
evil deed on her clit, quickly driving her into a frenzy of
sexual bliss.  Her pussy juices flowed copiously, and soon, she
was unable to keep the metal surface from slowly sliding out of
her.  She swung back past the central point, and felt the first
jolt of electricity hit her asshole.  She raised her ass in the
air as much as she could.  The stretch on the coil caused another
jolt.  As she swung back toward the wall, the stretch caused
another jolt.  Penny felt about six or seven jolts before finally
coming to rest.  Barry flipped off the switch, replaced Penny's
ankle cuffs, drew her up to the wall, and reinserted the dildo.   
  "Really, darling!  Your simply sopping wet!  Such lack of
control does make it hard to hold on doesn't it."
     Barry flipped the switch again, the vibrator started, and
the ankle cuffs snapped open.
     Penny had her second shattering climax, and slid off the
dildo.  She learned to relax with the jolts to keep from adding
stretches to the coil.  This time she only received five jolts
before coming to a halt.  Barry repeated the process several
times over the next half-hour before finally releasing Penny and
moving on to her third, and final, punishment.
     Penny was returned to the foyer, and placed on a small bench
in the center of the small room.  The bench was about one foot
deep, two feet long, and had a back which extended about six feet
toward the ceiling.  Two cuffs were widely placed on either side
of the back.  Penny's hands were placed over her head and her
wrists were fastened into cuffs.  Then her legs were lifted up,
and her ankles were fastened to cuffs near her elbows.  Only her
butt was resting on the narrow bench seat.  The entire bench
apparatus was then elevated from the floor to about three feet
off the floor.  Her pussy was right at penis level, obscenely
displayed, and her tits were equally available to anyone entering
the punishment building, or to anyone looking in when the door
was opened.  Barry laid several clothespins, condoms, and a
Swedish vibrator next to her.  He placed a long rubber band
behind Penny, and attached each end to a clothespin.  He then
placed each clothespin to each of Penny's inner labia.  Her cunt
was widely displayed, on a painful stretch!  Her pink inner
vaginal walls and her pee hole were clearly visible.  Barry
showed Penny a sign which read, "Can you think of anywhere else
to put the clothespins.  Can you think of anything else to do
with my cunt and tits?  Use the toys supplied as you see fit.  If
you fuck me, please use a condom!"  He put the sign over Penny's
head.  
     "I'll be back later.  Have a good day!"  Barry left Penny to
the whims of anyone who entered the building.  She was terrified!
Before Barry returned, Penny had had clothespins attached to
several places on both tits and removed, and replaced again and
again.  Her cunt had had clothespins placed and removed along her
inner and outer cuntlips.  Her clit had been clipped and
reclipped several times.  Her cunt had been eaten, her clit had
been tongue-licked with and without clothespins attached.  She
had been fucked several times, all with condoms correctly placed. 
Several Masters and slaves had used the Swedish vibrator on her
anus, inserted vibrating fingers up her rectum and around the
inside walls of her pussy.  Most had eventually flicked her clit
or grasped it between a vibrating thumb and forefinger!  She had
climaxed more times than she could count.  But the most degrading
moments were those when the Masters commanded their female slaves
to eat Penny's pussy.  She still did not consider herself a
lesbian, and cringed when another woman ate her out.  But she did
still notice the difference, and she seemed to come harder with a
woman tonguing her clit, even though it made her want to die of
the added humiliation and embarrassment!
     Barry finally returned mid-afternoon and led Penny back to
the room to rest before the evening's activities.  Several
Masters had related to him Penny's continuing distaste for female
attentions.  He knew what the evening's ordeal would be!
     Barry told Penny that she would no longer be made to kneel
on the table during dinner.  She could eat in the room, and would
be led to the arena after dinner.  This was a small reward for
her progress to date.  
     At the appropriate time, later than usual, Penny was led
naked, hands cuffed behind her, and feet hobbled with the short 
chain, into the arena.  In a way, it was more humiliating 
because she knew all eyes were on her, not on dinner.
     Barry began, "Tonight, Penny will ask five Masters to
command their female slaves to make love to her while she is
bound and gagged.  She will be helpless to prevent the slaves
from doing whatever they wish with her body, but she will decide
who the 'lovers' are to be."
     Penny looked astonished at Barry.  She knew that he was
aware of her distaste for lesbian activities!  But she was in
training, and had no choice but to submit.  Penny's gag was
removed, and she was led to the edge of the audience. 
     "Penny, you may roam the audience and make your choices."    
     Barry disconnected the leash from Penny's collar.  She began
to roam through the audience.  She immediately asked Greg and Jim
if Eve and Nancy could make love to her.  She figured if she had
to endure something she detested, at least some of the
perpetrators should be people she knew and liked.  She picked
three other slaves, pretty, well-built, but other than that, they
were pretty much at random.  The five slaves followed Penny back
to the sunken dance floor.  Penny saw that Barry now held a small
bag.
     Barry continued, "Penny will be hung upside-down with her
wrists fixed to the floor.  Her ankles will be strapped to a bar
from the ceiling, and will be spread widely apart.  She will not
be blindfolded or gagged.  You have only two instructions.  You
are not to cause her pain, and you are not to cause her to come
until I say so.  This evening, Penny will be subjected to
continuous female pleasure until finally released.  She will not
be painfully tortured, only pleasurably tortured.  You may use
only touch, including tickling.  You may stimulate any part of
Penny's body with any part of your body, in any way you see fit,
except to cause physical pain."
     Barry reached into the bag and extracted a variety of
vibrators.  There were large and small dildoes, an egg, and a
Swedish vibrator.
     "You may also use these toys to enhance her pleasure, but no
pain."
     Penny was placed on her back in the middle of the room.  A
bar descended from the ceiling, and Penny's ankles were strapped
to it on either end.  The bar was adjustable in length, and it
was widened to the limits of Penny's endurance.  The bar was
raised until Penny's head was about three feet off the floor. 
Her handcuffs were removed, and her arms were cuffed to a ring in
the floor.  The bar was then raised until Penny was stretched
tight.  Her head was about crotch level with the other slaves,
and her gaping pussy was, in turn, about head level with the
other slaves.  She was totally available, front and back.  Even
the soles of her feet were available if they so desired.
     Penny's choices were not necessarily wise ones.  It seemed
that none of them had any aversions to lesbian activities.  Eve
approached Penny first, and began softly licking Penny's inner
thighs, while Nancy began working on Penny's ass crack with her
fingernails and tongue.  A slave began working on Penny's
nipples, one slave on each.  They licked, sucked, stroked,
lightly tickled the sides of her breasts, and softly kneaded the
flesh and nipples.  The fifth slave stood in front of Penny, and
began lightly stroking her abdomen, working slowly up to her
crotch.  Eve began simultaneously working her was down the inner
thighs toward the crotch, and Nancy's strokes across her asscrack
became longer, also approaching her wide-open pussy.  Penny was
aroused almost instantaneously!  The sensations were unending. 
It was too much all at once!  She began to moan softly, and
shamefully.  Her pussy contracted and relaxed in rhythm to the
stroking.  She was beginning to want to be touched THERE!  Then
the fifth slave, the one in front of her, gently grabbed Penny's
shoulders and brought her face up into her pussy.  Penny was not
prepared for this!  
     "NO, NO, NOT THAT!!  I CAN'T!!"  Penny protested.
     The slave simply relaxed her grip and the soft torment
continued.  The slave stepped closer, and stood right up against
Penny's nose.  Penny did not respond, but her moaning became
louder and more urgent.
     Finally, all three standing slaves concentrated on Penny's
pussy at once.  Eve rapidly flicked from inner thigh down to the
outer pussy lips and back again, first one side and then the
other.  Nancy stroked widely from pussy to ass, allowing her now
wet finger to enter the vagina as it passed across each time. 
The other two slaves continued working over Penny's tits.  Penny
was going wild with passion and anticipation.
     "PLLEEAASE TOUCH ME!  PLEASE RUB MY CLIT."
     The fifth slave used the fingers on both hands to spread
Penny's pussy wide open and to unhood the swollen clit.  Penny
felt the mouth engulf her clit and begin to nibble and suckle the
small nub of sensitized nerve endings.  The stimulations were
agonizing to Penny!
     "AAAAAARRRRGGGGHNHHH--NNGNGG---NNNGNNGGN---NNNGNNGNG"
     Penny quickly felt the swellings of a massive climax
building.  
     "STOP! ENOUGH!!," Barry commanded.  All five slaves
immediately stopped and moved away from Penny.  Penny was left
hanging--literally--in mid-climax!  The overpowering desires
quickly subsided to her frustration.  She was allowed to
completely recover, and Barry commanded, "Continue!"  The process
started all over again.  The on again--off again torment
continued for more than an hour.  Penny was brought to the brink
of climax and denied release about every ten minutes during that
time.  The frustration was intolerable.  SHE CRAVED THE FEMALE
STIMULATION THAT SHE HAD THOUGHT SO REPUGNANT BEFORE!!  SHE
WANTED THEM TO MAKE HER COME!!  Finally, as her climax swelled
one last time, Barry commanded, "Vibrators!"
     With her mouth still suckling and biting Penny's clit,
vibrators were inserted in her cunt and asshole.  Penny felt the
mouth leave her clit, again causing her an intense amount of
frustration.  However, this time, she felt fingers kneading her
clit instead of a mouth.  Her desires quickly resumed.  Then it
hit!!  All three vibrators were turned on.  The dildoes in her
ass and cunt were manipulated in and out by the slaves, and the
Swedish vibrator on the back of the fifth slave's hand caused her
clit to be pulled, flicked, and massaged by rapidly vibrating
fingers.  Penny exploded in shameless climax after climax after
climax in front of her appreciative audience.  Needless to say,
Penny would look at lesbian activities differently in the future. 
Penny lost count of the number of climaxes she had, but
eventually Barry let her down, exhausted, and led her out of the
arena to thundering applause.  She was led to the room and put to
bed.  
     Barry whispered in her ear just before she drifted off to
sleep, "Tomorrow we are going on a boat ride."

-----------------------------Continued in Part IX




                 THE PAVILION
                   Part IX

     The next morning, Penny arose as usual, greeted by Eve's
arriving with breakfast.  However, instead of her usual slave
attire, Eve was wearing a VERY skimpy bikini thong which
basically hid only her pubic area and her nipples.  
     "Master, may I ask a question?" asked Penny.
     "You may." 
     "Why the change in attire, Eve?" asked Penny, hesitantly,
looking at Barry for approval of the question.
     "Oh, didn't Barry tell you?  We're all going on a sail
today.  Of course, I won't be wearing the suit all the time."     
Barry retorted, "And you won't be wearing one at all, my dear!"   
  Penny knew better than to ask where they were going.  Eve left
and Penny was allowed to eat and do her morning bathroom routine. 
As usual, her hands were cuffed behind her back, she was gagged,
and the collar and hobbles were placed on their respective
appendages.  She was led out of the room stark naked toward the
arena.  However, they turned toward the water to the awaiting
52-foot catamaran.  Penny was led aboard and taken to the main
mast.  The boom was positioned about three feet off the deck.  A
circular swiveling platform about two feet wide was attached to
the boom, and encircled the mast just above deck level.  A sleeve
was attached above the platform which covered the lower six feet
or so of the mast.  As the boom swung with the mainsail, the
platform and sleeve would also swivel in tandem around the mast.  
     Penny was placed with her back to the mast.  Her hands were
uncuffed and recuffed behind the mast.  Her elbows were also
shackled behind the mast, although Barry wasn't cruel enough to
try to bring them together.  However, the position was
uncomfortable, and her tits stuck out magnificently!  Her right
leg was tied to the platform, and her left leg was drawn out
along the boom to an eyescrew to which her left ankle was tied! 
Her pussy was once again gaping open and available to anyone on
or near the boat.  Her gag was left in place.  
     Penny noticed that she was the only one naked on the boat. 
Barry must have been reading her mind.  He explained, "Penny, you
will be the only one naked during the cruise.  This will help to
make you feel more vulnerable and exposed.  We will sail down the
coast about ten miles to a group of caves.  There we will all go
scuba diving, including you.  You should find it interesting and
exciting.  Along the way, we will pass two or three villages and
about four resorts.  The word of mouth passes quickly.  Nearly
everyone along the way gathers along the shore and in boats. 
They know that Thursdays are slave initiation sail days.  They
are always eager to see the new initiate."

     As Barry spoke, the catamaran pushed back from the dock, and
began to sail toward the South along the coast.  Penny noticed
several Jamaican skiffs waiting offshore, and believed she could
see more than the usual people along the beaches.  She shuddered
at the thought of being exposed as she was to an expanded
audience-to-be.  But at least the sail would be cool.  
     Everyone was putting on sunscreen.  Jim, Greg, and Barry
began applying sunscreen to Penny rather slowly, deliberately,
and in copious amounts.  They started with her feet and ankles,
and worked upwards and inwards toward her hips and pussy.  After
covering her pussy mound and perineum, and after she was
sufficiently aroused, they continued upwards toward her tits. 
The three pairs of male hands worked and kneaded her exposed body
very expertly, keeping her always on the brink of a climax.  As
one was covering her less interesting parts, another was working
on her tits, and another re-covering her pussy.  They would
occasionally throw in a rib or foot tickle just to see her squirm
in her bonds.  She could see where they were about to go with
their hands, but could not speak or do anything to prevent the
wandering fingers from going where they wished.  The other
Masters and slaves were revelling in the show, as usual. 
     Finally, Penny was deemed to be sufficiently covered in
sunscreen, and was left dangling on the brink of a climax.       
Going out, the wind was from the South, causing the
catamaran to "run," or be pushed from behind.  This caused the
mainsail to be at right angles to the direction the boat was
sailing.  This meant that Penny was facing dead ahead, tits and
pussy gapingly exposed to anyone in front of the boat, and there
were several boats waiting in front of the catamaran.  The boat
sailed as close to the shore as it could without running aground
in order to give all the onlookers an eyeful.  About every
fifteen minutes, Penny was allowed to switch feet, which meant
that she alternatively faced the stern of the catamaran and the
other Masters and slaves on the boat, then faced ahead.  She
would change positions several times before reaching their
destination.  No matter which way she faced, the spray from the
boat would hit her in the front or the back.  It was shocking
when it hit, but kept her cool during the sail.  
     Almost constantly, Barry, Jim, or Greg would suck her clit
and tongue her pussy and tits for the pleasure of the boats
passing close enough to see.  Penny was kept in a constant state
of arousal, but was never allowed to climax.  The grunting noises
she made through her gag were sure signs of her tormented state. 
She could see and hear the cheers of her audience in the
accompanying boats, and could even hear the cheers of the crowds
on the beach occasionally.  Although she was embarrassed and
humiliated, she realized they really had no idea who she was, and
would never recognize her in any other circumstance.  The boat
easily outsailed the other sailboats, so no boat accompanied the
catamaran for long.  Even the small motorboats seemed to lose
interest after awhile, probably for fuel reasons.  

     After about three hours, they reached their destination. 
The boat anchored in deep water off some lava rock cliffs with
large caves.  Everyone stripped naked and donned SCUBA gear. 
Penny's hands, elbows, and ankles were uncuffed and she was taken
down.  Barry placed SCUBA gear on Penny's back, including an
inflatable life vest.  Barry placed new straps around each thigh
and clipped Penny's wrists to them so that her hands were
attached to her sides. Her tank of air was opened, her gag was
removed, and an air mouthpiece was placed in her mouth.  A
special connector went from the mouthpiece to the life vest.  If
Penny lost her mouthpiece, the vest would automatically inflate
and bring her to the surface.  The vest was special as well,
having cutouts for each breast so they were not hidden from view. 
A special short strap was attached to the outer and inner sides
of each cutout.  A nipple clamp was attached to the other end of
each strap.  These (two on each tit) were attached to Penny's
nipples.  Although mildly painful, if the vest inflated, the
straps would give each tit a hearty tug until the vest were
removed.  It was definitely an incentive to keep the mouthpiece
in her mouth!  Finally, fins were attached to her feet, and the
heels of the fins were also attached to the thigh straps so they
would not come off.  They comically resembled long garters.  A
mask finished the ensemble.  
     Penny was not unfamiliar with SCUBA diving.  She had been
several times in the past.  Consequently, she was familiar with
the usual arms-at-the-sides SCUBA position.  She also knew that
the fins would be sufficient to keep her afloat and maneuverable. 
But it was the INABILITY to protect herself that was different. 
She felt very vulnerable when Barry gently lowered her into the
water.  If he had thrown her in, he was aware that she might be
unable to retain the mouthpiece in place when she hit the water. 
Once in the water, Penny rapidly felt more at ease.  She could
maneuver easily and soon began to enjoy the underwater sights. 
There were reef formations and colorful fish.  
     The other divers were everywhere around her.  Soon, she
began to realize she was being felt up with more and more
frequency--mostly from behind where she could not see.  Hands
reached from behind to fondle her tits and flick the nipple
clamps, much to her discomfort.  The crack of her ass and pussy
were fondled from behind as well.  Someone then removed her mask,
and with it, her ability to see.  She felt him slip between her
legs, and felt his massive cock slip into her cunt.  Then she
felt another slip into her ass.  She was being sandwich-fucked
underwater!  Her previous state of arousal caught up with her,
and she had a massive climax quickly, almost losing her
mouthpiece.  Her partners also finished quickly, and her mask was
replaced from behind, the culprit being kind enough to lift the
bottom of the mask so she could blow out the water.  Before she
could turn around, they were mingled in the crowd so she could
not tell who they had been.  Then she saw two very used condoms
floating upward in front of her gaze.  She felt very relieved.  A
similar incident occurred three more times during the dive. 
Penny was rapidly becoming exhausted.  
     After what seemed to be about an hour in the water, she
noticed that everyone was going toward the boat.  Not wanting to
be left, she headed up to the surface.  Everyone was in the
catamaran, and Barry and Greg reached over to pull her up.  Not
thinking, she let go of the mouthpiece, and the jacket inflated,
bringing her nipples abruptly to attention!  Penny screamed
continually until the vest was removed.  
     Penny was cuffed to the netting at the bow of the boat
between the catamaran hulls spread-eagled on her back as lunch
was prepared.  Everyone ate, including Penny, thanks to Barry,
and the sail home started.  Penny was again positioned on the
mast, her gag was reapplied, and she again endured the
application of sunscreen, and the cheers andgazes of the boaters
and onlookers from the shore along the way.  However, this time,
her clit was very sensitive from her underwater sandwich-fucking,
and her torment was more intense than during the sail down.  The
trip home was a bit longer than the one down, because the
catamaran had to tack several times.  Penny's changing position
caused her to alternately face the shore and the sea, offering a
better view to the boaters along side the catamaran and the
onlookers on shore than had been offered on the sail down.  It
seemed that the trip home took forever, but they finally arrived. 
Penny was promptly led to the room to rest and prepare for the
evening.

     Penny was allowed to bathe and perform her toiletries.  Eve
showed up right on schedule with her dinner.  After dinner, Eve
was handcuffed and led by her leash, naked except for high heels,
into the arena for the evening's "education" session. 
     Barry began, "Last evening, you learned to accept pleasure
from other women.  Tonight, you will give pleasure to other
women.  You will pick out two slaves from the audience.  They
will be bound and their pussies will be made available to your
mouth.  You will bring them to climax without the use of your
hands.  You will use only your mouth and tongue!"
     Penny started to protest.  The activities of last night were
repulsive to her, although pleasurable enough, as it turned out. 
But to do it to someone else... But she thought better of saying
anything.  She knew protest was useless.
     "As an added incentive, your back will be whipped with the
double quirt until each reaches climax.  The two slaves whom you
choose will be punished as well until they reach climax.  They
will be required to suck their Masters' cocks as their breasts
are whipped with a similar quirt.  This way, everyone has an
incentive for the slaves to reach a climax fairly quickly,
although it may be rather difficult to do so.  It should provide
an amusing show for our audience!  Now go into the audience and
choose."
     Barry disconnected her leash, and Penny strolled through the
audience, hands still cuffed behind her.  She choose Nancy and
Eve, of course.  Sweet revenge!  Although neither looked
particularly pleased, they did not protest.  Jim and Greg,
however, looked especially pleased.  The slaves were soon as
naked as Penny, and had wrist and ankle cuffs applied.  
     Two large boxes were brought out.  They stood about waist-
high on Penny, and measured about 2 feet by 2 feet.  They were
padded on top, and one end had metal rods extending out about 3
feet at a 45-degree angle at the top.  There were large rings set
in each side about two feet from the top.  Each of the chosen
slaves was placed on her back on top of the boxes.  Their knees
were placed across the rods, and their ankles were drawn back to
the sides of the box.  The knees were tied to the rods, and the
wrists and ankles were both tied to the rings on the sides of the
box.  Their heads were not supported, and hung backwards over the
upper end of the box.  Their tits were stretched and their
pussies were openly available for pleasure or torment just at the
edge of the lower end of the box.  
     Penny knelt in front of Eve as Greg placed his rigid cock in
Eve's mouth and allowed the whip to hover over her tits.  Barry
stepped aside, making Penny wonder who would administer the whip
to her back.  Soon, she saw the club manager take the whip from
Barry's hand.  Penny shuddered.  She knew her husband would
administer the whip in a manner that she could tolerate.  Now,
she was truly anxious!  
     Eve's box was turned with a side view to most of the
audience so both tortures could be viewed by the most people. 
The club manager disappeared from Penny's view as he stepped
behind her.  She felt the fire of the quirt across her shoulders
and screamed.  Penny quickly abandoned any ideas of hesitation,
and her mouth instantly found Eve's slit.  She began to lick up
and down furiously.  Another slash, lower down.  Penny let out a
muffled scream as her tongue found Eve's clit.  In the meantime,
Eve was making muffles mewing noises as Greg's cock slid in and
out of her mouth, and as Greg's quirt struck her defenseless
breasts again and again.  Penny's tongue slid from Eve's asshole
to clit in rapid-fire motion to match the fire on her back! 
Eve's sexual secretions began to flow, and the taste in Penny's
mouth was soon a mixture of her own saliva and Eve's juices.  She
quickly made herself concentrate on Eve's clit in an effort to
stop the twin tortures.  She began to nibble and suck and lick,
all on that sensitive nubbin of flesh.  Soon, in spite of her
tortured tits, Eve's hips began to rise and fall rhythmically,
and she tried to bring her knees together spasmodically.  Her
head was sliding back and forth vigorously along the shaft of
Greg's swollen cock.  
     Just as Penny felt she could not endure the whip any
further, the shattering climax hit Eve!  Eve stopped all motion,
and her hips and head seemed frozen in mid-air.  Greg kept
pumping in and out of her mouth as she increased her 
simultaneous mewing and grunting noises around his cock.  Soon
she felt the hot salty cum fill her mouth.  Penny continued her
attack until she was sure Eve was totally spent.  The fire across
her back stopped.  Eve lay limp in her bonds, and Penny stood up,
a bit wobbly.  The audience clapped and roared its approval.     
     Barry spoke first, "You did very well, Penny.  I fully
expected you to be far more reluctant to suck off another woman. 
You have learned well.  Because you have done so well, we are
going to change the scene a bit.  Your punishment will end. 
However, instead of inflicting pure pleasure, you will now
inflict pain and pleasure.  You will use a vibrator and a whip
simultaneously on Nancy.  She will be gagged so you will not be
distracted by her pleas for mercy.  A slave must be able to
perform all commands of her Master, including inflicting pain on
others under His domain!  If you do not do well, you will replace
Nancy on the box!  You may use the whip and vibrator however you
wish, but you must bring Nancy to her first climax in not less
than 15 nor more than 20 minutes."
     On hearing this, Nancy began pleading.  She knew she must
endure the torture for at least 15 minutes, maybe longer.  The
statement of "first" climax was not lost to her ears.  She was
quickly gagged with a large, black, inflatable penis gag which
was inflated to stretch her mouth to its limits.  
     Nancy's box was turned so her pussy faced the majority of
the audience.  Penny's hands were uncuffed, and she placed a
"Swedish" vibrator on her right hand.  She picked up the
double-thonged quirt with her left, and slowly approached a
mewing and struggling Nancy.  
     Nancy was knew full well the torment she was to receive. 
She wasn't sure just how efficiently Penny would be at the role
of tormentor, but she did know that if Penny faltered, her
punishment would be worse than that about to be inflicted on
Nancy.  It was a significant incentive for Penny to perform
magnificently--to Nancy's disadvantage!  Nancy was also acutely
aware of her magnificent breasts stretched taught and pertly
pointing upward as if to beg for the whip.  Her pussy was gaping
and wet with anticipation.  The insides of her thighs and entire
frontal area were equally available for Penny's whim.  Nancy knew
without a doubt where the vibrator would be applied, but wasn't
sure just where the quirt would fall, or how long it would be
before the vibrator would finally cause her to plunge over the
pleasure chasm--she was sure it wouldn't be until after she had
endured the quirt over her most sensitive areas!  

     Penny stood between Nancy's outstretched thighs.  Because
Nancy's head was unsupported, it was a struggle for her to see
what was about to happen.  She could not maintain her head
elevated for long periods, but she did try.  Penny waited until
Nancy's head dropped back before she struck the first blow.  The
quirt struck the underside of Nancy's left breast first, then the
outer side of the right in quick succession.  Nancy's head came
up with a start as she made unintelligible noises into her gag
and struggled unsuccessfully against the bonds which held her in
position for the next assault.
     "That won't do at all," said the club manager.  "You must
strike as if you mean it, or you will change places.  I can
assure you that Nancy will not be so merciful!"
     Penny needed little encouragement.  She found the reversed
roles surprisingly exhilarating.  She stepped back a bit, raised
her arm fully over her head, and struck again with a fiendish
snap of the wrist at the end of the blow.  The tips of the quirt
snapped viciously against the left outstretched thigh.  Then
again against the right.  Before Nancy could recover, Penny began
to criss-cross Nancy with grazing, burning blows over the
breasts, ribs, abdomen, thighs.  Nancy's noises and struggles
were as unceasing as Penny's blows.  Her entire frontal torso was
a roadmap of red lines from her nipples to her knees.  Her pussy
was avoided by both the quirt and the vibrator.  Penny stopped
suddenly.  Then Penny did something that pleased Barry and the
audience enormously.   
     "Master, may I be a bit innovative?" asked Penny to Barry.   
     "Of course.  It would please me if you were.  However,
innovation should not substitute for torment, nor will it replace
the required time limit."
     "Thank you, Master."
     Penny turned the box so that Nancy's head was facing the
audience.  Penny walked around to Nancy's head, and removed
Nancy's gag.  She bent down and whispered in Nancy's ear, "Suck
my pussy."  Penny then straddled Nancy's mouth with her shaved
pussy.  She bent over and started kissing the red lines on
Nancy's body!  
     Barry knew what this meant.  It meant that there was now
nothing Penny was reluctant to do in her new role as slave.  She
had accepted her role with enthusiasm!  Her previous distaste for
any sort of lesbian activities had been replaced with a desire to
serve, even by performing lesbian activities in an innovative
manner, beyond what had been demanded of her.   
     Penny's tongue could reach only down to Nancy's lower
abdomen from where she stood.  As her kisses over Nancy's
sensitive nipples, breasts, and abdomen awakened Nancy's libido,
Nancy picked up her head and began mouthing Penny's pussy,
concentrating on licking her slit and sucking her clit.  Penny
found that she was being turned on tremendously by the view she
presented from behind to the audience.  She was blocking the view
of Nancy to the audience, but presented a full view of her pussy
and asshole as Nancy vigorously worked on both.  Penny switched
on the vibrator and reached down to Nancy's cunt with her right
hand.  She found Nancy's cunt was sopping wet!  Penny cupped the
entire cunt with her vibrating hand briefly, causing Nancy to
stop in mid-lick as she realized what was about to happen, and
then to resume her tongue's assault on Penny's spread pussy more
intensely.  As Penny changed her tactics from cupping Nancy's
pussy to a sliding finger technique, Nancy went crazy!  She
buried her face and tongue and vigorously shook her head against
the naked pussy!  Penny inserted one, then two, and then three
vibrating fingers into Nancy's love hole, and then quickly slid
out and over the sensitive clit, pausing over it and pinching it
slowly in circular motions.  She then went back down into her
love hole, and back out across the clit.  Penny continued this
playful technique as long as she could stand Nancy's mouth on her
pussy.  As Penny and Nancy both neared climax, Penny stopped and
stepped away!  
     Penny turned Nancy's box back around so that her spread
pussy was again facing the audience.  "Not quite yet, Nancy. 
Time hasn't run out yet."  Nancy groaned.  The fire over her
torso from the quirt was slowly returning.  
     Penny toyed with Nancy sarcastically, "I'm not going to
replace your gag, Nancy.  I want to hear you scream.  It will
give me a better indication of how I'm doing in my new role.  I
am so unaccustomed to it.  I can't really judge unless you 'tell'
me.  Besides, I think it will more enjoyable if the audience
hears you scream and plead."  
     Penny resumed her position between Nancy's legs, and bent
over to plant her mouth on Nancy's cunt.  At the same time, Penny
reached up with both hands and began kneading and pinching
Nancy's tits and nipples.  Penny's tongue slid in and out of
Nancy's hole and up over her clit much as her vibrator hand had
done previously.  The simultaneous stimulations on her pussy and
tits quickly brought Nancy to the brink of climax again.  Nancy
knew what was coming.  She dreaded the time when Penny would
stop.  Then it happened--Penny stopped!  
     Nancy's cunt was suddenly on fire!  Penny lashed out with
the quirt and caught Nancy full force on the left labia, then the
right.  Nancy wished Penny could find some other way--always left
then right.  So damned predictable, but so damned effective. 
Nancy knew just what would happen, increasing her dread even
more!  Then Penny lashed the quirt right down the center from
Nancy's clit to asshole!  
     Nancy screamed and pleaded, "AAAAIAIIIIIIEEEE!  I CAN'T
STAND IT THERE!!  PLEASE, NO MOOORRRREEE!!!  PLLEEEASSEEAAAA
IAIIIIEEEEEE!" as the quirt hit dead center once again!  
     Penny worked on Nancy's cunt for a few minutes, during which
time Nancy struggled, shook her head, screamed, and pleaded
constantly.  The audience was spellbound at Penny's performance
in her new, albeit temporary, role.  Although Nancy was pleading,
Penny sensed correctly that Nancy was nearing climax once again. 
A quick glance at Barry confirmed that Penny's torment was now in
the narrow time gap of allowed climax.  
     Penny changed hands, placing the vibrator on her left, and
taking the quirt in her right.  She walked around to Nancy's left
side and placed two fingers of her left hand in Nancy's pussy,
and rubbed her swollen, sensitive clit with her vibrating thumb. 
Nancy quickly responded with little grunts and moans as her hips
began rising and falling with Penny's in and out thrusts.  As
Nancy neared climax, Penny started using the quirt on Nancy's
tits again, causing Nancy's pending climax to briefly subside
until she became used to the new stimulations.  Her new pleadings
were short lived, and were quickly replaced with renewed sounds
of nearing climax.  Penny continued her assault on Nancy's clit,
cunt, and tits until Nancy was almost at the brink.  When Nancy
was at the edge, Penny quickly inserted another finger deep into
Nancy's asshole, and Nancy immediately was hit with wave after
wave of shuddering climaxes which swept over Nancy until she
could not take anymore!  She begged Penny to stop.  Not wanting
to finish the session quite yet, Penny stopped and removed the
vibrator from her left hand, but retained the quirt in her right. 
    "Master, have I fulfilled the requirements in the allotted
time?"
     "Yes, Penny, you have done VERY well tonight."
     "Master, may I make a request?"
     "You may, Penny."
     "Master, may I continue for my own fulfillment?"
     "What does the audience say?  Should we allow her to
continue?"
     The audience roared with its overwhelming approval.  Nancy
shuddered.  She knew that pleading against continuing would only
add to the audience's pleasure, and to her torment.
     Nancy's box was again turned so that her head faced the
audience.  Penny once again spread her naked cunt over Nancy's
mouth.  She reached down and toyed with Nancy's supersensitive
swollen clit and cunt as she talked to Nancy, "Now, it's my turn. 
I want you to bring me to climax with your mouth.  I am going to
whip your cunt until you do!"
     Nancy started at once!  She did not wait until she felt the
first stab of pain across her swollen labia and clit from Penny's
quirt.  Penny stood slightly bent to provide the audience with a
better view of Nancy's face as she fought to stimulate Penny in
her agony.  The quirt found Nancy's clit, labia, and wet hole. 
Occasionally, the tip would bite unmercifully into Nancy's
puckered asshole.  Nancy could not scream against Penny's pussy,
so she worked even more vigorously.  It didn't take long.  Penny
was in sexual ecstasy as she flicked her newfound power over
Nancy's cunt, and felt the result of Nancy's agony in her own
pussy.  The quirt was also having an effect on Nancy's libido as
well.  They both fell victim to shuddering climaxes
simultaneously, as Nancy's tongue and Penny's quirt hit new
heights of activity.  As they both climaxed, and the action
stopped, the audience went crazy.  

     As the audience rose with a standing ovation and cheers,
Nancy was removed from the table and allowed to rejoin Jim. 
Penny's hands were re-cuffed behind her back and the leash was
replaced on her collar.  She was reminded of her status, and that
her recent role was temporary and only at the pleasure of her
Master.  
     The club manager spoke first as the noise subsided, "Penny,
you have done very well.  You have responded magnificently to
your training.  You may return to your room for the night.  There
is one more day of training, but I have no doubts that you will
more than earn a place in the club membership for yourself and
your Master."
     Barry was pleased.  Penny was led back to the room.  She had
realized that she and Barry had not made love since the first
night in the pool.  She had really been too exhausted usually,
but could not help but notice that his abstinence seemed a part
of the training.  She had been soundly fucked by others, but not
by Barry.  Would tonight be the night?? 
     It was not to be.  Barry tied her to the bed as usual after
allowing her to perform her usual toiletries, and Penny slept. 
Tomorrow was to be the last day and night of her training.  

-----------------------Continued in the final Part X. 




                      THE PAVILION
                         Part X


     Eve arrived the next morning as usual with breakfast.  Penny
expected her demeanor to have changed, but she seemed as cheerful
as ever.  In fact, when she looked at Penny, there was a hint of
playfulness in her eyes, as if she remembered the evening's
entertainment with fondness.
     After she left, and after Penny had performed her morning
routines, Barry filled her in on the day's activities.
     "We're going on a couple of shopping trips today.  First,
we're going to walk across the road out of the compound to the
'flea' market.  It's a native 'barter' type market where they
barter for coral and trinkets.  Then, we will bike five miles
into the nearest village to wind up the shopping trip, and bike
back.  It will just be the two of us, nobody else."
     "What will we barter across the road?" Penny asked.
     "Your clothes, mostly.  You don't need much now, just enough
to get you through the day and home tomorrow.  I plan on buying
you nearly a completely new wardrobe...clothes you wouldn't have
even considered wearing last week."
     Penny felt a sudden thrill to know that her new role would
be continued after leaving The Pavilion.  At the same time, she
felt a renewed sense of uncertainty at how she would be regarded
in her new role by others in 'society.'  She also knew she had
little choice--if she wanted to remain with Barry.  She was
amazed to realize that she really liked their new relationship,
even if it did mean occasional embarrassment and torment.
     Barry continued, "You will pick out what you will wear.  Be
careful to pick something that will please me."
     Penny thought carefully.  After rummaging around in her
virtually unused clothing, she found an old cover-up.  It was one
piece, sleeveless, with large arm holes.  When she came out of
the bathroom with it on, she was breathtaking!  The skirt barely
covered her pussy and ass when the sash was pulled tight.  It's
top was halter-style, with a deep 'V' in front down to her sashed
waist.  The sides of her breasts were clearly visible through the
arm holes, and when she bent over, several more parts of her
anatomy were revealed--the skirt rode up, providing a peek at her
pussy from the rear, the halter top fell away in front, providing
a full view of her tits, and the arm holes fell away also,
providing an equally full view from the sides.  It was
scandalously pink and semi-transparent, enabling a hint of her
red nipples and, when the light shone through from the rear, a
hint of the outline of her pussy lips.  She donned a pair of pink
high heels for the walk across the street.  She would change to
pink deck shoes for the bike trip into town later.  
     "You will not be cuffed, gagged, blindfolded, or hobbled
today.  You will provide your own bondage.  You are to keep your
hands at your waist in front with your fingers interlaced just in
front of your body.  Do not make any attempt to hold down your
skirt or to keep your top from hanging away from your body.  The
only time you will be allowed to change hand positions is if you
reach away to examine an object your are considering buying, or
to hold on to the bike handlebars or to otherwise manage the
bike.  If you do not obey, your wrists will be cuffed to the back
of your collar anytime you are not on the bike, and will be
cuffed to the handlebars when you're riding the bike.  Do you
understand?"
     "Yes, Master."
     Barry bundled up most her Penny's clothing into a duffel bag
and they left the room, walking toward the arena.  They soon
passed the registration area, and continued down the road leading
out of the compound.  Penny looked magnificent.  Heads turned,
and comments were made.  Barry smiled and Penny felt amazingly
proud.  The wind was a bit gusty, and the short skirt whipped
around her hips flirtingly.  It was easy for all passers-by to
get more than a glimpse of her pussy from both directions.  
     As they neared the 'flea' market, they were greeted by the
usual crowd of eager sellers, although this time, the crowd
seemed more male than female, and a bit more eager than usual. 
The reason was obvious.  Penny kept her hands where Barry had
commanded, and did nothing to prevent the wind from taking her
short skirt wherever it desired.  Her total nudity underneath was
soon blatantly obvious to everyone in the throng which now
surrounded them, coaxing them to each one's individual stall. 
Penny found the older teen boys most embarrassing.  They followed
her, crouching down, even lying down, examining her from below as
she walked or stood.  Barry did nothing except pretended to
ignore them.  Frequently, she would feel a hand or finger
slipping through her crotch.  She could do nothing to prevent it. 
It would have required moving her hands.  The boys and men
jockeyed for position at her sides and front whenever she bent
over to examine various articles.  
     The bartering session lasted more than two hours, with
virtually all of Penny's clothing gone.  In return, they had a
lot of black coral items and a few wood carvings, in Jamaican
tradition.  Penny was well examined, felt-up, totally humiliated
and embarrassed, and tremendously aroused by the time Barry
finally was ready for the bike trip into town.  As they left the
'flea' market, they were taunted by invitations to come back--
real soon!
     They returned to the room to leave the objects they had
'purchased,' and to allow Penny to change shoes.  They returned
to the registration area and rented the bikes.  The bike seat was
like a constant vibrating cock against Penny's slit and clit. 
Her short skirt did little to conceal either her ass in back, or
her pussy in front.  The wind constantly whipped it up over her
waist in front, and she could do nothing to pull it down again. 
They exited the compound with Penny in a constant state of
exposure from the waist down, and in a constant state of
excitement as well!  She found the idea of riding on the open
road with her pussy naked to all oncoming traffic very arousing! 
They headed south toward the village.  As they turned south, the
wind was to their back, and Penny's skirt, almost
disappointingly, flipped back over her lap.  But the skirt
flipped up in back, exposing her ass to all traffic coming from
behind.  Needless to say, several horns honked their approval
during the five-mile trip into town.  On dismounting the bike
when they arrived in town, Penny could not help but notice that
the seat was very wet.
     The shopping trip in town was much the same as the 'flea'
market shopping.  The locals were very familiar with the Friday
'initiation' of the new slaves into more public self-revelations. 
Crowds gathered quickly.  Even though Penny found the continued
frequent display of her scantily-clad nudity increasingly
arousing, she became a bit nervous at the boldness of many of the
Jamaican men and older teen boys.  They were much more aggressive
in their attempts to feel Penny's anatomy.  Some even inserted a
bold finger into her pussy from the rear.  One even cupped her
cunt from the front, quickly sliding a finger in and out of her
wet hole before becoming lost in the crowd.  The local
constabulary was well-accustomed to the scene, and had been
handsomely paid off not to intrude, unless asked to do so by the
male companion of the initiate.  Needless to say, things did not
progress to the point that Barry requested intervention.   After
another couple of hours of making Penny endure their
manipulations, Barry led her back to the bikes with their
purchases.  
     The wind had not changed.  Now it was coming from the front,
and the bike trip back was much harder, and took about twice as
long.  The other part of the story is that now the front of
Penny's skirt was constantly flipped back over her waist, totally
exposing her pussy to all oncoming traffic again...for longer
than she had anticipated!  The wind also played havoc with her
filmy halter top, whipping it around also.   The last two miles,
Penny was riding virtually totally naked!  Her skirt was above
her waist, and the both shoulders of the halter top had fallen
down to her elbows, totally exposing both breasts to all the
oncoming traffic.  Cars even turned around behind them and again
in front to get a second look!  Her humiliation, embarrassment,
and sense of arousal had never been greater.  She truly enjoyed
the conflicting sensations she was feeling.  Barry was obviously
pleased with her obedience not to cover herself at all.  He felt
her training was basically complete if she could get back to the
compound without his having to cuff her hands to the bars.  Penny
did not disappoint him!
     That afternoon, Penny was allowed, for the first time, to
spend time on the beach without her bonds.  She remained totally
naked the entire remainder of the afternoon, mixed with the other
slaves, was respectful and courteous to the other Masters, and
never tried to hide her nudity in any way.
     "Is my training complete, now, Master?  I do truly enjoy my
new role," Penny asked on returning to the room at the end of the
day.
     "Not quite.  We have tonight, but I believe you will find 
the final ritual quite pleasant.  It will be similar to that
which you have endured today, but a bit more intimate and
pleasurable.  Tonight is the end-of-the-week dance night.  First
we will have a romantic dinner, then we will go dancing."
     Barry went into the bathroom to finish dressing.  When he
came out, he was wearing a black leather pouch over his genitals,
a black vest, and black sandals.  Penny found herself looking
forward to the evening with a heightened anticipation of
pleasure.
     Penny was led into the arena by the leash on her collar
earlier than usual, totally naked except for black high heels,
hands cuffed to the rear of the green collar as usual.  However,
this time she was in time for dinner--the first time since the
first night when her 'education' started.  Her hands were
uncuffed, and the leash was removed.  The other Masters and
slaves were in various stages of dress and undress, but the
general style seemed a bit more dressy than usual.  She and Barry
were led to a table in the front row of the arena and were
allowed to dine along 'in the spotlight.'  Penny found it
strangely romantic.  Her nudity had long ceased to bother her--at
least it didn't bother her here any longer.  In fact, it would
have seemed strange to her if she had had any clothing on at
night in the arena now.
     Following dinner, the club manager took the floor. 
"Tonight, we have a new slave in our midst.  It will be up to you
to determine if she has performed admirably enough to earn
membership for her and her Master.  Penny, please rise and accept
the decision of The Pavilion membership." 
     Penny rose in all her majestic nakedness to face her
trainers and judges.  
     "All in favor of acceptance--let your wishes be known!"
     The audience erupted in cheers and applause!
     "All opposed."
     Not a sound.
     "Barry, congratulations.  You have done quite a job here. 
She is magnificent.  You are the envy of every Master here.  You
will both be welcome often.  Penny--I will now remove the green
collar of the initiate slave and replace it with a purple collar. 
The purple collar connotes full membership.  You may even be
called on to help with a future initiate.  However, there remain
two more traditions.  First, you must dance naked with all the
Masters with your hands bound to the back of your new collar to
remind you that, although you are no longer an initiate slave,
you are still a slave, nonetheless.  You will notice that all the
music is for slow dancing only.  The final step I will leave to
Barry to relate later in the evening."
     The club manager turned Penny around and removed her green
collar, replacing it with the purple one.  He then clipped both
wrists to the back of the collar.  Her leash was left off.
     "Maestro, let the music begin!"
     Penny stood bound and naked in the spotlight in the center
of the dance floor.  Soon all the Masters and slaves were on the
floor.  Barry took her in his arms and had the first dance.  He
played with her everywhere openly and in view of the other
dancers.  He stroked her breasts as he danced, and rubbed her
crotch alternately with his leg and leather pouch.  Soon, the
cutting-in started.  One after the other of the Masters made
their way to Penny.  This time the groping was not fleeting or
done slyly.  It was blunt, open, and deliberately slow.  Each
Master with whom she danced held her fast while kissing her
breasts or fondling her pussy and hole.  More than one Master
even managed to slide fingers of one hand into her asshole while
sliding fingers of the other hand into her pussy. Then they would
dance that way for several minutes!  She was passed from one
Master to another for about two hours non-stop.  Less than a week
ago, she would have been screaming and struggling to escape such
total degrading humiliation.  Now she was enjoying it and
becoming aroused.  By the time the dance was over, she was VERY
AROUSED!!
     "Masters and slaves, we now come to the last ritual.  The
celebration of Penny's new role with her Master must be
consummated with her in that role.  Let us all go to the window
outside Barry and Penny's room.
     Penny's leash was reattached, and she was led to the room. 
Once in the room, her hands were uncuffed, and her leash was
removed.  Barry tenderly laid her down on the bed, and attached
each wrist to a corner of the bedhead.  
     "May I ask a question, Master?"
     "Yes."
     "What is going to happen?"
     "We are going to make love with everyone watching from
outside the window.  Many people have participated in your
training, but only I may fuck you now.  Everyone else must have
my permission.  This is the consummation of our new marriage.  It
is only fitting that it be as public as your training."
     Barry lifted both ankles in succession and attached them to
the corresponding wrist at the head of the bed.  The resulting
position was such that Penny's legs were spread wide over her
head, her breasts and gaping pussy completely exposed to the
crowd outside.  Even in her new role, she found a renewed sense
of humiliation and shame at being so flagrantly exposed.  She
also knew Barry would cause her to reveal sexual responses that
she had not revealed even to the audience over the past week. 
They her seen her climax numerous times, but not like Barry could
elicit!  She had longed for his lovemaking all week.  She had
anticipated different conditions.  But she realized that this was
her new role.  She would have private moments, but there also
would be the equally exciting public ones.  It was comforting to
know that the decision of which was totally in Barry's hands in
any given moment.
     After tying Penny, Barry removed all his clothing.  He 
started slowly, kissing and licking her already overstimulated
nipples.  He progressed down to her abdomen, to her waiting
pussy.  He continued his teasing tongue past her clit to her wet
slit, flicking up and down rapidly, causing her hips to begin
bucking.  She soon lost all realization of the audience, and
became lost in her own lust for his touch.  He continued down
across her asshole, gently teasing the puckered opening, and
coming back up quickly to begin sucking and biting her clit
directly.  She lost all control at this point, and began moaning
and crying out in total ecstasy.  
     Barry straddled her face, and continued to suck and lick her
clit and slit.  His engorged cock hung right over her mouth.  She
took the head and began to tongue it lovingly, gradually moving
to encompass the shaft with her wet lips.  The alternate
stimulations of her circling tongue and sliding wet lips along
the shaft soon brought Barry to the brink.  He wanted to come in
her pussy, not her mouth, and quickly withdrew.  
     He changed position, lying beside her and stimulating her
with the fingers of one hand on her pussy and fingers of the
other under her ass and curled up to tickle her asshole.  He
rubbed her clit rapidly, while flicking the fingers of the other
hand in and out of her puckered hole.  Penny soon felt the swell
of her climax in her loins, and held in mid-air for what seemed
like hours until it finally subsided.  
     With her clit now at maximum sensitivity, Barry moved around
to enter her wet cunt with one massive stroke!  She shuddered as
another climax hit her with his first entry!  He began pumping up
and down as wave after wave flowed over her.  The audience knew
instantly that it was viewing the best show of the week.  They
had a full view of Penny's pussy held high in the air as Barry's
cock slammed in and out!  They soon had a final tumultuous climax
together, which consummated their new relationship to the
satisfaction of the membership, and in keeping with the symbolic
traditions of The Pavilion.  

     The next morning, the jumbo jet was once again lumbering
over Cuban airspace en route to Miami.  A different Penny was
snuggling next to a very happy Barry.  The relationship was
certainly sensed by the other passengers, who could scarcely take
their eyes off the couple.  Of course, it could have been due to
the dress Penny was wearing.  It was the pink coverup she had
worn the day before!  Almost nothing was hidden from the almost
constant gaze of the other passengers and male attendants.  She
would have gone naked if Barry had asked!  And he would have,
except he was afraid they would never have been allowed on the
plane, much less through customs.  Penny would be very content to
fulfill Barry's outrageous demands of her in her new subservient
role.  She also looked forward to their next trip to THE
PAVILION.

_________________________THE END 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





