BDSM Library - The Humiliation of Jimmy




The Humiliation of Jimmy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Our hero, Jimmy, is just a pooor dumb jock who can't catch a break. If the perverse coach isn't busting his ass, then his nasty parents are messing with his body and mind.
THE HUMILIATION OF JIMMY PART 1

Jimmy Hawkins had missed the bus again. No matter how hard he tried to get his
books, say goodbye to his friends and run for the bus, he was late. It was as if
the driver enjoyed knowing that he had to walk 2 miles in the cold back to his
house. His only jacket was thin and it was a gift from 2 Chistmases ago and no
longer fit too good in the shoulders, making the sleeves too short and it
embarrassing to wear. His jeans were from the Salvation Army and were also too
small, he got those for his birthday last year, with the $1.99 price tag still
on them. His folks had promised him a party and nice presents, but they went out
to dinner without him that night, as he had forgotten to dust his brother's room
that day. His little bro, Matthew, had given him a cupcake with a candle in it
and Jimmy hungrily ate it up. Maybe he was wanted here? The dumb fuck never knew
that Matt and his buddies had mixed up some nice teencum & dog piss and injected
it into the filling.

Now he had the long chore of hiking back to his house. Past the rows of nice new
homes with green lawns and fancy cars in the garages, then onto the large
established houses in the "old money" part of town where real pretty girls sat
on the porches in summer and giggled while he mowed their yards. Someday he knew
that he would live here, in a big house with a beautiful wife and some kids and
a fancy car, and he would laugh at the tan, sweating, shirtless punk who had to
slave in the boiling sun, cutting grass for a few bucks. He would be in college
soon, just as soon as his folks had filled out his scholarship forms.

But for now he had to get home fast. He had chores to do around the house before
his dad came home and he still had to lift weights before supper. After supper,
his father would probably have another list of projects for him to do that would
take him right up to bedtime. There was no TV for him most nights, as his dad
kept him really busy. When his friends would talk about what programs or movies
they had seen the night before, he couldn't add anything, because television was
a privilege that Jimmy rarely earned. He hated having to listen to his family
laughing from the living room, while he worked his weight training in the
basement. He remembered coming upstairs and trying to be casual saying "What's
on??" and his father getting up from his chair, grabbing Jimmy by the hair and
taking him down to the basement and making him start the weights over...another
grueling 3 hours. When the night was over he was so exhausted that his dad had
to help carry him upstairs, take his clothes off him and put him in bed.

Passing the courts outside the YMCA his friends yelled to him to come and join
them for a quick game, but he knew better and declined. At 6' he was a natural
for basketball and the guys always liked him on their team and the girls liked
to watch when they would play shirts-n-skins so they could see Jimmy half-naked,
tall and tan, smooth and muscular. But, the last time he had stopped for a game,

All hell broke loose. His dad was pissed and beat him till his ass was so red
and sore he had to stand for dinner, and the next day during football physicals
he was the laughing stock of the locker room.

Even the doctor chuckled and rubbed his little stripped ass.

Finally at his house, Jimmy bounded the steps and pushed open the door. His mom
was sitting in front of the television having a drink, and from the looks of the
house that was all she had done all day. The place was a mess and Jimmy would
have to clean up fast.

"Your dad is gonna be late tonight" she said.

"Thank God", he mumbled back. Now he would have to time to do the chores and
lift. First off he had to change out of his clothes, damp from running home. He
went upstairs and peeled off the sweatshirt and Metallica T-shirt, then kicked
off his work boots and sox, standing in his tight jeans he looked in the mirror.
His shoulders were so broad and his lats were so wide that they formed a perfect
"V" to his 29" waist. It was too bad that his jeans were a 28" and too small all
over. He didn't own any underwear and if you looked closely you could see the
outline of his cock through his ill-fitting pants. The shaft and head went down
the right leg and his nads hung down the left. He had to save some money and buy
bigger jeans. These were his only pair that his dad bought for him, and the old
guy must have made a mistake and bought them too small.

He looked closely at his abdominal muscles, tight and in a perfect six pack; his
little belly button was completely flat to his stomach. But still no hair going
down into his waistband, though. All of his friends had begun to sprout hair on
their chests and abs, but not Jimmy. He was destined to be smooth, almost all
over. He hated that! In the showers at the YMCA, his old man had laughed at him
for not having much hair, and since then, hadn't let up. Even to the point of
examining his testicles in Jimmy's bathroom.

"Put your foot on the sink, boy" he had barked. A naked Jimmy had complied. He
felt the cool air hitting his privates and his balls swung forward.

"Now get that ugly hose outta my way" he then demanded. Jimmy lifted his long
uncut penis up and out of his father's view. The old man grabbed his sack and
pulled it close for examination, his hands still dirty from work, getting grease
on his son's bag. Man, that was embarrassing. His dad rolling his oversized nads
between his fingers, laughing at them because they were too big and too smooth.
Thanks God that hadn't happened in awhile. He tried to stay dressed when his dad
was home, so he wouldn't have to be strip and be "examined" again.

Now, he pulled down his jeans and stood naked before the mirror. He looked
great! Better than any model or actor. His friends said that he resembled Matt
Damon, with his blond hair over one eye and a killer smile. But Jimmy was built
a lot better and not nearly a homo like Damon was. He ran his hands over his
tan, smooth chest and down to his fat uncut penis hanging between his legs. His
balls were so full and oversized that his cock just kinda lay on top of them
jutting forward for the world to see. He didn't dare start playing with it. He
would come way too soon, as it had been several weeks since he had ejaculated.
His dad wouldn't allow him to masturbate, and the coach didn't like the boys on
the team cumming during season.

By now it was too late. His dick was standing straight up yanking his big nads
forward. Man, he had a big one! The last time he measured it, it was already 9
inches. A nine incher sticking out of a body with a 29" waist was pretty
embarrassing, because it was too big for his frame. When he was being punished,
his father would always make fun of it, laughing at it and yanking on it,
hurting and humiliating his poor naked son to the point of tears. He rolled his
little nipples between his fingers and felt a surge of precum leak out of the
big dong. He closed his eyes and started rubbing the cock head, peeling back the
long foreskin. His hips started to pump forward and his cock grew to almost 10
inches. Another glob of precum fell out of his cock and hit the floor.

He really didn't want to cum. He knew better. His dad would know by looking at
Jimmy's testicles, that they had been emptied and drained. That he had been
playing with himself. And for that he would be punished. He took his hands off
the big cock and looked into the mirror. His meat was standing up and out, with
its round head exposed and purple. A small puddle of precum had formed on the
floor, white and thick and would need cleaned up before it stained. Poor Jimmy
didn't even hear the door open....

"What the fuck are you doing BOY????" he father screamed.

"DON'T COME IN DAD!!!!" he yelled back, trying to grope for his jeans and cover
his cock. He stepped, barefoot, into the puddle of cold jizz and it stuck to his
foot.

It was too late, and his big father was in the room. Blocking the open door with
his frame. Jimmy's little brother Matt was behind his dad watching and
snickering. The little fuck had done him in!

"I told you he was up here playing with it, dad" Matt said. The punk had ratted
out his brother again. Not the first time and not the last.

"Good job Matt", his dad replied. "Now go downstairs and tell your mother what
happened and that Jimmy won't be having dinner with us tonight.

Jimmy's dad didn't even bother to shut the door, leaving the naked boy exposed
to the world. It didn't matter anymore; his mom had seen him naked before during
whippings and Matt showered with him every morning. But with a huge bone jutting
out of his small hips, this was too humiliating.

"I'm sorry dad!!!" he begged. Holding his hands in front of him, thinking his
cock was covered. However, the head and shaft were too long and stood above his
crossed hands. And the tool kept leaking, cum running over his hands.

"I told your mom I would be home early, but I didn't expect this! You dumb shit,
you know you aren't allowed to touch it!" the big man barked.

"Move your fuckin hands BOY" he demanded and Jimmy did as he was told. The dong
fell free and twitched on its own, spewing some precum at his dad. The white
glob landed on the man's shoe.

"Parade rest!" he yelled and Jimmy's hands went behind his back. A perfect
little naked soldier. His dad surveyed his oldest boy. Broad shouldered, large
pecs tan and smooth... strong legs, round little muscle ass sticking out. The
ass looked better with red stripes, though. His little waist and that big, dumb
tool sticking out of him! He hadn't seen such a stupid looking dick since a
horse he had seen at the track had a hardon! He would tell Jimmy this fact
later!

"Dad, I am sorry,,,I know you hate this, but I had to!" he pleaded. "Look, I
will never do it again! Only cold showers! I promise!"

"No dice, DONKEY DONG!" his dad shot back.

Jimmy cringed. He hated that nickname. His father called him that only when a
serious whipping would happen. This one was going to be real serious! His fuckin
drunkin mother had sold him out, lying about his dad's arrival time. Then his
brother had done him in by telling the nasty old man that he was upstairs
playing with himself. Shit, he only did it once a month; some dudes at school
did it 5 times a day! He heard stories from other kids in the locker room, the
only with the long hanging withered balls, beating off ALL the time. His own
were so full they stuck out through his jeans, embarrassing him as he walked,
and they kept his big cock erect almost round the clock.

"Get down to the basement" his dad, yelled.

"Can I get dressed?" Jimmy asked.

"Hell no, you like being naked so much, MARCH!!! And put your hands on top of
your head, you dumb mutherfucker." his dad shouted.

Jimmy walked out of the room, more humiliated than ever. His fat dong bobbed in
front of him up and down, with a string of precum hanging off the big purple
head. Tears began streaming down his face and his blond hair fell into his eyes.
"Please SIR" he begged. "Don't make me do this, dad" he pleaded.

"MARCH and shut the fuck up, no one in this house wants to hear you." he dad
responded, laughing. "This is going to be a good show."

Jimmy walked down the steps, his hardon banging against his abs with an audible
thud, and his oversized testicles swinging in front of him. His mom looked over
her shoulder and took a big gulp of he bourbon and Coke. "Whoa, when did he grow
up, Frank?" she asked her husband.

"Just because he has that big ugly hose hanging down, doesn't mean he's grown
up!" his dad replied. He put his hand on his boy's shoulders holding him in
place in naked in front of his mom. Jimmy could hear Matt snickering and staring
at his grown up brother's horse cock, exposed in front of his entire family.
"Make those mule balls SWING!" his Dad added.

"Mom, please..." he pleaded. She took another gulp and batted the kid's hardon
with the back of her hand, causing another string of young precum to leak out of
the boner and down the shaft. "GROSSS," she shouted...."Can't you control that
garbage hose?" She broke out into laughter as his dad forced him into the
kitchen and down the steps. She spilled some of her drink and began wiping the
mess up with Jimmy's college scholarship application papers. Tossing the booze
soaked pile in the trash. He wouldn't be going.

More banging as his dong whacked against his stomach, he secretly prayed it
would go soft. But he knew it wouldn't, not until he found release.




THE SPANKING OF JIMMY-PART 2

"Grab your ankles, PONYBOY!" he dad yelled. Jimmy spread his legs a little, and
bent over to hold his own feet. What a humiliating position for a kid to be in.
Looking up at his own bag, hanging down in his face. Through his legs he could
see his kid brother sitting on the steps, eating candy and grinning.

His dad took off his belt and cracked it twice. Winding up he hit the kid's
upturned ass, CRACK!!! Jimmy almost fell forward, but he knew that keeping his
balance was vital. If he fell, his dad would spank him on his back and that was
much worse. CRACK. CRACK.CRACK. 3 in a row.

"OWWWW....." he whimpered. "please dad,,,honest,,I'm sorry" he begged. His dad
was not listening.

CRACK!!!

CRACK!!!!

CRACK!!!!!

Three more in a row. This was just the beginning. Jimmy's young ass was already
turning red. "Whoa, look at that glow," his dad commented. "Hey Matt, is it red
enough?" he yelled up the stairs. "No way dad!" Matt yelled back. "Whip him
good!!!"

"Get on the weight bench Donkey Dong!" his dad ordered.

Jimmy rose and stumbled to the bench. The ugly hardon was now half soft and hung
fat and exposed between his legs. Along with his pink wrinkled hole. "Get that
thing hard again, BOY!" his dad barked.

"What?" Jimmy asked. "You WANT me to play with it?" he asked incredulously,
laying back on the weight bench.

"Boy, you are SO FUCKIN STUPID...why do we even send you to school?" his dad
answered.

Jimmy fumbled with his meat, peeling the foreskin back and rubbing the red head.
Precum made the head shiny and embarrassed the young jock. He soon had his
rhythm back and was bucking his hips, beating his cock in front of his dad and
brother. Using both his hands to massage the shaft, Jimmy had never reached this
level of embarrassment, this was TOO MUCH!

"Stop it, you stupid shit! Let go of that garbage hose!" his dad yelled. "Legs
over your head." He demanded and Jimmy complied. This was the worst position to
be in because his nuts fell through his legs and onto the bench. "Get that ugly
bag out of my way!" he barked. Jimmy reached between his legs and lifted the
heavy balls onto his own dong. This was a matter of protection for his privates,
the last time his dad spanked him in this position, the old man had accidentally
hit his bag and they swelled up like a grapefruit.

His dad dropped the belt and rubbed his hands together, warming them up. He
swung back and his boy's ass. WHACK,,,WHACK,,,WHACK!!!!!! His large hairy hands
fell onto the boy's smooth butt. Causing red handprints to form on top of the
red belt welts.

"OWWWW...... dad, please STOP,,,,you're killing me!!!!" he pleaded.

"No way kiddo...if you are going to play with yourself, you are going to
pay!!!!" the large man barked.

Jimmy's ass was a mass of welts and handprints and his face was streamed with
tears. Jimmy cries had risen to the point of loud sobs. "DADDDDDDDYYYYYYY" he
begged.

The old man was pounding away at the young ass, moving the young jock up to the
head of the weight bench. He was like a machine, his arm swinging back and forth
and his hand landing on the muscular round ass, turning it from pink to red and
then to maroon. After about, what felt like 40 whacks, his dad was finished.

"Get up DONKEY DONG!" his dad, yelled. Jimmy could barely stand; he wobbled onto
his feet and stood naked before his father, rubbing his ass gently causing his
fat thick cock to sway. He no longer cared about being bareassed, nothing was
worse than what he had just experienced. "Go upstairs and apologize to your
mother, tell her what you were doing in your room, what you were thinking about
and what we did down here." His father grabbed the young pony dong and walked
him upstairs pulling the boy by his penis. His brother Matt followed behind
laughing at his butt naked brother and whacking the whipped ass with a GI Joe.

"Mom, I am sorry." He said to his drunken mother, still sitting in the chair. "I
was in my room masturbating my penis" his face was beet red and tear stained.
"And I was thinking about having sex with a girl...about fucking her hard" he
finished. He looked down at his crotch and noticed that his dong was beginning
to thicken again. Oh, no, he thought to himself. This was going to cost him BIG
TIME.

His mom reached out and grabbed the young meat, fondling his foreskin and and
staring at his testicles. "Frank, he has a horse cock," she commented, slurring
the words. "But we should have had him circumcised" she added. Jimmy looked at
ceiling and cringed. His father had mentioned this idea before, and he dreaded
it. The thought of being "cut" at this age was too much to bear. He knew it
would hurt and the healing would be impossible with his cock getting hard all
the time. Plus the humiliation of a doctor and nurses staring at his naked body
and altering it killed him. He was 19 and didn't deserve this treatment.

"That's a great idea, hon" his father agreed. "I'll call the doctor tomorrow."
The old man sat in a chair and Matt sat on the floor next to him, grinning. "But
for now, the boy has a chore to finish." He pulled an old dirty handkerchief
from his pants pocket and threw it onto the floor in the center of the cramped
TV room.

"PONYBOY, I want you to beat that thing like you were doing upstairs and I want
you to shoot right here in front of your mom and brother," he chuckled and
stared at the hung jock. "And I want you to aim for the snot rag, and if even 1
drop misses it there will be more hell to pay in the basement!" He finished.

"Dad,,,,Mom,,,,please.." Jimmy pleaded for what was left of his dignity.

"Do it DONKEY DONG" his brother yelled, causing his dad to laugh and high five
Matt.

Jimmy started to fondle his young exposed dick, peeling back the foreskin and
letting the precum flow onto the rag. His muscles strained to pleasure himself,
his pecs and abs flexed as he rubbed his testicles. Trying to forget about the
presence of his folks, he continued to play with the growing young cock, using
his own jizz as lube. His mom sat laughing and his brother stared in awe as the,
now 10 inch, cock stood up. He rolled his testicles between his fingers and
milked the shaft, moaning unconsciously aloud, building to a climax.

He looked down at his exposed nakedness and rubbed his hand across his beet red,
beaten ass, pumping his cum hose freely and feeling that he would cum any
moment. This act would forever change his life at home. His mom would now have
seen her oldest son ejaculate and this would probably happen again and again.

The humiliation was too much to bear and as he cried he began to shoot loads of
young dickjuice onto the dirty rag. His dick twitched on its own, and he pumped
cum without even touching himself. The spooge missed the rag, shooting over it
by 4 feet and again landing on his dad. This time the spunk was hitting his
dad's pantleg. His dad growled under his breath.

This was going to cost him again.

"Get downstairs....PONYBOY" his mom yelled, smiling.

She and the PTA women had a plan of their own.

The End




THE HUMILIATION OF JIMMY ~ PART 3

(If you haven't read Parts 1 & 2, then please enjoy them. However, if you
absolutely can't, then here's the Reader's Digest version: Jimmy Hawkins is the
low boy on the totem pole of his family, with his folks and his little brother
Matt always going out of their way to bring down his spirit and manhood. Luckily
he has his secret girlfriend Jennifer to keep him sane. The jock has been
working for 4 years to get a full wrestling scholarship and get out of this
hell. The story picks up a few weeks after Part 2...

Usual readership rules apply here... The following story features nonconsensual
sexual activity & familial discipline between people of all ages, so please no
one under the age 18 or over 118. Also, if this type of material offends your
senses or state, local laws...then it's your loss? So, please move on. I don't
condone child abuse or incest, I am just a writer.

LIFE IS GOOD, FOR A MOMENT

Jimmy Hawkins had an awesome day at school. First off, he was almost a shoe-in
for wrestling MVP and the team was on the verge of going to the State
Championships. If they could kick ass in the last 4 county-level tournaments, it
was off to State. Since football and basketball recruiting was so saturated, he
would have to rely on his almost perfect 4-year wrestling record.  The college
scouts would be watching the state tourneys very closely, and the Coach had
already pulled Jimmy into his office and told him to work extra hard to impress
the special guests. Since Jimmy's folks couldn't afford to send 2 boys to
school, and Matt was "the brain", Jimmy would have to be in top form and get a
scholarship. Matt's college catalogs were all over the house with his parent's
spending hours pouring over them, even though he still had 3 years of high
school to finish.  When Jimmy tried to interest his folks in the schools that
offered good sports programs, they were disinterested and discouraging.

"Who the hell would give your sorry ass a scholarship...hahaha...hey Monica, get
a load of the Dumb Donkey...he wants to go schooo," his Dad would joke, getting
his Mom to join in over dinner.

"Boy you are gonna have to either pump gas or pump old ladies to pay your way.
Either way you're gonna be using a hose." his Mom slurred. "If only his brains
were half as big as his balls...haha," his old man would toss in. Anyway, most
times his college applications somehow got damaged or tossed out accidentally.
So Jimmy stopped talking about college to his family.  

But being voted MVP would score some points with his folks and they would be
proud of him. Maybe then they could find the time to attend his meets. Only 4
more meets, then he would surely get the award and a free ride through college,
becoming freed of his progressively hostile parents and the little worm Matt,
who made his life hell.

On his way home he stopped at Jennifer's house quickly, she lived in the
neighborhood he respected most with the old money and huge homes. He planned
just to say hi and ask her to the senior day trip and formal. He had been saving
money for over 6 months to pay for these 2 events, he knew better than to ask
his folks for it. Besides, they really knew nothing of his relationship, or they
may have put an end to it long ago. Jennifer was gorgeous, and smart too.  Her
Dad was respected Doctor and community leader. Yet a stern and demanding man who
made Jimmy uncomfortable by staring him down and making digs about the teen's
humble background. Every time he would go to pick up Jenn for a date, Jimmy
would have to spend a few moments alone with the older guy, who delighted in
reminding the kid exactly where he stood. The man was 6'4" and barrel chested,
with thick salt-n-pepper hair and a mustache to match. He was straight out of
"Soldier of Fortune" magazine; muscular, mean and the master of his environment.

"Come on in Jeff," her Dad said to Jimmy. "Jennifer is next door but she will be
home any minute."  Why did he always forget my name, the nervous jock wondered.
"Sir, my name is Jim," he mumbled. He led the boy, by the neck, into the paneled
library. Her Dad walked to the bar, "oh yea, that's right, Jeff was her last
boyfriend, don't know how I could get you 2 confused...haha. You know they were
together for 3 years, everyone thought they would get married.  Well, I guess
they still may." Why did he always mention Jeff Hanks in his presence, Jimmy
thought. The boy was too sweet to realize that it was just another of the
Doctor's bad habits. 

Jeff Hanks father was a Congressman and his Mom ran every charity in town. The
popular senior had been accepted to Vanderbilt and Duke, while lettering in 3
sports, being voted most popular, best dressed and most likely to succeed. He
also smoked dope and beat up hookers for fun. His Dad was powerful enough to
cover his boy's negative extracurricular activities. Jimmy had been seated
alphabetically behind him all through elementary and high school and came to
hate Jeff. Jeff was always somehow knocking Jimmy, because his Dad worked in a
warehouse and his Mom drank a little. Jeff used to also make fun of his clothes,
"hey Hawkins, another sale at Goodwill?" he would shout across the commons and
his audience would crack up. Jimmy would look down at his jeans; flooded, faded
and tight, making his crotch look swollen and overly large. In this pair of old
Wrangler's you could even see the outline of his cock and his balls running down
his left leg. He could never admit it but Jeff was right, alot of his clothes
were from Goodwill, while Matt's school wardrobe was from Pierpoint's and Gap.
Jimmy had tried fighting Jeff many times over their 12 years of school, but it
always ended evenly, so he tried making his own friends and steering clear of
Hanks.

Several times Jeff used his sports car pretending to almost run over the less
fortunate kid as he walked home from school. Jeff would veer his Mustang
convertible to safety after chasing the dumb jock into the weeds. The day of
their junior class pictures, Jeff and his buds had literally forced Jimmy into
the bushes along Center St., and the poor jock fell into 2 feet of mud. The new
white Polo shirt, which Jimmy had cleaned pools to pay for, was ruined and the
kid had to appear in the class picture shirtless and dirty. The faggot
photographer put him in the front row and made him sit with his hands on his
knees, chest exposed, lats flexed and muddy hair falling into his face.
Helpless, humiliated and on display. Then there was the time in the lockerroom
showers that Jeff Hanks...

"HEY, BOY! I am speaking to you! He rapped on the kid's head like an old door. 
Answer me when I talk at you, BOY," Jenn's Dad broke Jimmy's reverie and
bringing him back to reality. "I...I am sorry, Sir," Jimmy humbly answered.

"Boy, didn't you hear anything that I said...did your Mommy forget to teach you
manners?" the man was fixing another drink already. Jimmy could have sworn the
Dr. mumbled "drunken whore" when asking about his Mom.

"Yes, Sir...I mean no Sir," Jimmy stumbled. The old man had tripped him up
again. "Maybe I oughta call your Daddy, BOY and remind him to teach you some,
think I should BOY?" the Doctor always made him feel like a punk, calling him a
boy, and referencing his "daddy" or "mommy".

"Figures, anyway..." the older man continued, "I am glad that we are having a
chance to talk privately, just man-to-man without the women around.  Don't
always need the pussy hanging over us, right BOY?" He laughed and Jimmy offered
a mild nod. "A woman is gonna be owning your balls soon enough Jeff...I mean
Jimbo, and guys need some time to themselves. Just to kick back and be men. A
few of my buddies and I have a hunting place near Mount Airy and we go up twice
a year. Just the guys, you know? No cunts allowed. We don't need their wet holes
paraded in front of us 24/7. Although having a nice snatch to fuck on a daily
basis is a benefit of marriage. Yessiree, a warm, soft woman to lay under you,
lick your tool, and do ANYTHING that you say. It certainly feels good...right
BOY?"

All the sex talk had given Jimmy a raging hardon in his already too tight pants.
He could feel his teenage balls churning up some jizz and felt them start
pumping spooge up toward his piss slit. Without underwear on and the foreskin on
his dick having peeled back, his bulge was obscene. Jimmy looked into his lap,
noticing the clear outline of his cockhead, while the Dr. continued.

"You must have the women coming onto you alot BOY? Wanting to suck your cock?
Looks like you work out daily, am I right? Probably working out your dick too,
haha...pumping that big thing every chance you get?" Jimmy shrugged his
shoulders, staring at the floor. "Sure you do...all BOYS pound their puds." The
Dr. fixed a 3rd bourbon for himself and his voice was thickening. "You must
really work those shoulders too. What are you a size 44? Nah, you probably don't
know, since you probably don't own a suit. Stand up boy, I have an old jacket
that may fit you. Come on stand up." Jimmy hesitated, if he stood, his boner
would be sticking out, with the head defined in a wet patch of precum that was
growing on the front of his jeans.

"BOY, I gave you an order...are you deaf, son? I said to stand up NOW." Why was
her Dad acting like a drill sergeant, Jimmy wondered?  He was always
domineering, but this was extreme. He just wanted Jennifer to come home and save
him from this. He didn't know what to do, so Dr. Philips made the decision for
him. He grabbed the collar of the boy's shirt and brought him to his feet. Jimmy
quickly put his hands in front of his oversized bulge. "Boy you don't listen
very well, you could use a week up at the hunting cabin, we would pound some
discipline into that thick head of yours. Come to think of it, we need someone
to do the work while we're there, chopping wood, cooking, getting water,
carrying ALL the gear. Just you're basic pack mule jobs. Maybe I can give your
Daddy a call and ask him. You're not afraid of some backbreaking work and
disciplines are you? We always pay the "help" too, and judging by your clothes,
you look like you could use the money. Right BOY?"

Jimmy continued to stare at the floor, hands folded over his jutting bulge,
which was covered by a precum stain, now the size of baseball.  "BOY, LOOK AT ME
WHEN I SPEAK TO YOU!" his elder demanded. "I want to see if this jacket will fit
you, so let me get it. As the Dr. left the room, he discreetly picked up the
boy's ratty backpack, tossing it down the hall garbage chute. Oblivious to the
recent activity, Jimmy thought, "this is not happening to me, now I gotta try on
clothes with him and take his charity. Although he did realize he needed
something for the dance." The Dr. returned a moment later with the blazer. It
was sure is nice looking, Jimmy thought. The Dr. offered it to him, standing a
few feet from the sectional where Jimmy was.

Jimmy paused for a second, and with one hand reached for it, keeping his other
over the obscene hardon bulge and its sopping precum stain. He turned his back
to Doctor and slipped it on, "fits good" he commented and began taking it off
quickly. Where was Jenn, he thought.

"Hey, don't take it off BOY, I have to see how it fits, maybe our maid can take
up the sleeves," the man said, adjusting the jacket on the boy's shoulders and
spinning the teen around to face him. "Boy you are built like a brick shithouse,
pecs are showroom perfect, flex for me, c'mon boy, don't be shy." Jimmy turned
deep red, but obliged the man. Nice...very nice Jeff...I mean Jim. Sorry, boy, I
keep forgetting that Jeff is the smart one with a future..."

 Without warning the Dr. lifted up Jimmy's tee, and studied his abs.
"Flex,,,okay,,,okay now relax them,,,good boy, now put your hands at your sides
I have to judge the sleeve length." Without warning again, the man reached into
the waistband of the boys old jeans, his long fingers digging deep enough to
brush the boys sandy blonde pubic hair. The Dr. secretly laughed to himself, he
was loving this impromptu "exam" he wanted to know what this rube had planned to
stick inside his little princess. His fingers started to pull out, having
"accidentally" yanked on a handful of hair, but then he felt something... WET! 
Dr. Philips was horrified and removed his fingers, sniffing them quickly.

"Why the fuck is this goo leaking outta you, PUNK?" he shouted at the kid. Jimmy
looked up as the Doctor's eyes went from crotch to face and back to crotch.
"What is the meaning of that...you some sort of homo? No one here wants to see
that HILLYBILLY HOSE! He pointed directly to the bulge and its growing cum
stain. "And your pants are soaked!" "I...I...I'm sorry Sir, I couldn't help
it..." Jimmy muttered.

"OBVIOUSLY YOU CAN'T CONTROL THAT "THING". LOOK AT THE NASTY JIZZ STAIN ON THE
FRONT. I SAID FUCKING LOOK DOWN AT IT NOW! GOOD GOD, YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO SMELL
IT, I CAN! SO, THIS IS HOW YOU ARE PRESENTING YOURSELF TO MY DAUGHTER? YOU LIKE
SHOWING OFF THAT "THING"? ANSWER ME! YOU LIKE SHOWING THAT "THING" OFF TO GIRLS?
MAYBE LITTLE GIRLS, TOO? HUH? ARE YOU A FUCKING PERVERT?" he kept slurring and
screaming at the red-faced boy.

Jimmy was shocked and beyond humiliated. "N...N...No..ahhh....I aint." the kid
stammered.

The Doctor stared right through the boy. "I wasn't gonna tell you this, but, I
asked Jeff and his friends to keep an eye on you. And he told me and my wife
some very interesting things about you and that family of yours; for starters he
told me that you had some sort of dorky white trash cock. He said it was all
freaky looking and uncircumcised, just like most backwoods trash boys. Actually,
he said it was like something you would see in a faggot porno magazine.  He told
me your dong was more animal than a human looking. He also said his dog's prick
was better looking than yours was. We had a good laugh over that one, yessiree.
But now you come into MY house and parade around like some horny homo, strutting
around with your Dog Dick aimed at me. And my daughter is gonna have to look at
that sloppy mess? I have half a mind to call your parents and report you. Is
that what you want?" Jimmy stared down, remaining silent; just wishing the man
would stop the verbal abuse. "Answer me fast, Dog Dick, or I call them.
3...2...1."

"No Sir, please don't, I'll clean myself up, I just need some rags" Jimmy
begged, humiliated by the situation, knowing that Jeff and the Dr. Philips had
talked about him and his penis, laughing at his both and giving him the nickname
"Dog Dick".  What else could he have possibly told Jennifer's Father?

"There is no time for that, you stupid idiot, because those filthy piece-of-shit
jeans won't dry anytime soon. I'll get you a pair of Jennifer's brothers'
pants," the man then left the room and raced up the stairs. Jimmy couldn't even
raise his eyes to face the man. He returned with a pair of 501 Levi's, waist
size: 27". "Put these on, NOW, before my angel gets home. I don't want her to
have to see this dirty mess. "My God, Jeff was right about you, a horny white
trash loser just like your Dad. Sheesh."

"Sir, where should I go to put these on?" Jimmy asked as he slipped the jacket
off. "You change right here, BOY. For cripes sake, I'm a doctor and you're just
a boy." Jimmy was beyond humiliated; the library door was wide open, he didn't
have underwear on, and the old guy was gonna see his bone. He had wanted to make
a good impression on the man and now he was reduced to being a half-naked punk
named "Dog Dick". "But...but..." Jimmy started to say and changed his mind when
the man stared him down, just as his Dad would. "Hurry the fuck up kid," the
Doctor demanded, "I'll put 'em in the dryer."

Jimmy kicked off his shoes, and unbuttoned the cum-stained Wranglers. They were
snug on him with a 29" waist, but he had no idea how small the Levi's might be.
Jimmy turned his back to the man and dropped his jeans, lifting his leg to slip
them off his big jock feet and giving the old man a clean view of his pink
puckered asshole and swollen donkey balls hanging down. "Geez, you stink
BOY...don't you ever wash your balls. Maybe I need to teach you how to bathe?"
the Doctor laughed at him. Jimmy was 3 shades of red as he slipped them off the
other foot, and without turning around he asked for the Levi's. "On the sofa,
Dog Dick," Dr. Philips answered, pointing toward the couch across the room,
where he had tossed the jeans. He thought to himself just how much his wife
would have enjoyed this. He would have to fuck with this dumb kid's head one
more time, maybe as an Anniversary present to her. He and Mrs. Philips shared a
wicked sense of humor when it came to raising boys, which was the very reason
Jenn's brother was enlisted in the strictest military training Academy in the
USA. They had mapped out the little fucker's life for him from the Boys Academy
at 6 years old to the elite FEMA Marines at 16 years, with no stops in between.
That little jarhead regretted the day he was born, every single day.  

Jimmy's tee shirt was too small for him and it barely reached his navel, so his
9-inch bone was sticking up and out for the Doctor to see. Without the benefit
of being cut, his foreskin dragged his horse nuts into prominence; they were
almost the size of large plums and hung about 5 inches away from his body in a
hairless wrinkled bag. His little muscle butt stuck out in back and its dimples
were deeply indented. The kid gave up hope and walked across the room openly
exposed. "Awww boy, you are making a fucking mess on my wife's rug. This isn't
your Mom's carpet, Dog Dick. He squeezed the head of his dork to keep it from
leaking more. It was useless; he would have to wipe up the rugs before Jenn got
home. We don't live like the horn-dog trash that you and family are. I heard
Jennifer joking that your Mom is actually your sister, is that true, Dog Dick?"
Since Jimmy couldn't cover his privates, his hardon batted from side-to-side
hitting his thighs with each step, and making an indecent "whap" sound. The poor
muscle boy could only stare at the ground and not say a word, he had never been
so humiliated in front of a stranger in his life. Jennifer's Dad had broken his
spirit. Was he just a stupid Dog Dick after all?

As he crossed the room and passed the foyer door, Jennifer quietly appeared,
hoping to surprise him with a kiss. Instead she was horrified.  She had never
seen Jimmy naked before, let alone with an erection. She put her hands to her
mouth to stifle a scream. Here was her boyfriend, naked with a hardon, parading
around her dad's library like some faggot prostitute. Walking closer she saw her
father smirking. Dr. Philips had seen his precious daughter run up the sidewalk
and come into the house. This was too perfect, he thought. Now she would come to
her senses and drop this white trash scum. The Dr. surveyed the boy and the
situation; while the kid was now useless to his precious daughter, he might make
a nice mule for the cabin trip with the guys and maybe even a new pool-boy for
his wife.

"JENN!" the Doctor feigned shock, "darling you shouldn't have to see this."
Jimmy spun and saw his teenage girlfriend standing in the doorway, staring at
his naked dork, which now had another long string of white jizz hanging from the
tip. She was amazed at the size of the ugly purple head, peeking out from under
all of that excess dick skin, he didn't look like the regular boys at all! Plus,
all the white slop messing up the rug. Her Mom was going to freak out. He
repulsed her, flaunting his body like this for her and her Dad. As if he was
some big shot New York model. Jeff was right about him being a hillbilly retard
with some penis like an animal. How could she have been so stupid to even date
him? Ugh! Nasty boys with nasty parts.

"JIMMY! WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?" she screamed at him. Appalled and in shock,
she couldn't take her eyes off his dripping cock as he attempted to cover it. He
held his meat with one hand and tried to cover his bag with the other. Too much
dick was still showing and he looked at her as if he were going to cry. He
glanced back her Father, who had moved to the sofa, sitting next to the jeans,
"I can explain Babe, please just let me..." Jimmy began. The old man shut him
down, cold. 

"SHUT THE FUCK UP TRASH-BOY! Sweetness, I never wanted you exposed to any
perversity. I was simply trying to help this dumb boy by giving him some old
clothes, I felt sorry for him seeing how obviously poor and uneducated he is.
But he couldn't control his testicles and they slopped up his pants, I was
trying to give him a pair of your brothers so he would make a good impression on
you." Jimmy was still frozen trying to keep his hands in front of himself, while
the tears built up in his eyes. Her Dad used phrases and words including Dog
Dick, white trash cock, trailer park assmuncher, closeted homosexual, garbage
hose, ball-scum, and animal-looking-baby-makers. The boy was totally broken
down, openly weeping & apologizing to his best girl (who was now so disgusted
with his lack of respect that she doubted she would ever see him again.) Thank
God for men like Jeff Hanks, she thought, to protect her forever from inbred
pervs like this one. 

She yelled, "Jimmy, you filthy faggot, just shut up and get that ugly Dog Dick
out of here, NOW, and don't come back, you were right Daddy, he is nothing but
scum," with that she ran to her father and held him close. The old man spoke,
"You heard her, Dog Dick, get out of here before I call the cops." Jimmy was
horrified & crushed, the tears continued flowing freely down his young handsome
face. "Please listen to me Jenn..." he attempted.

He pleaded, crying and yelling, "I LOVE YOU JENNIFER", but her Dad shut him down
again. He reached for the Levi's as her father quickly cut him off, "you leave
with what you brought."

The older man rose and grabbed Jimmy by both the wavy blond hairs on his head
and the blond bush at the base of his penis. He had 2 heaping handfuls of 1
scared boy. Jimmy hadn't even picked up his shoes yet as Dr. Philips marched him
to the foyer then, yanked up the back of Jimmy's tee and pulled it over the
boys' head from behind, throwing Jimmy into darkness and confusion. Dr. Philips
then simply opened the front door, and tossed the blinded idiot hick out onto
the front lawn. The kid landed on his back with his legs up in the air and
spread wide.  Neighbors on both sides looked over laughing; one ran inside to
get his camera. Jimmy scrambled to pull his t-shirt back down to cover even a
part of his totally naked teenage body, he spun too fast and fell down onto all
4's, exposing his little pink hole and low hangers to the world.  He had to get
his wet jeans back on. Jennifer's Dad then began yelling at him, "you filthy fag
pervert, stay away from my daughter FOREVER. If I even see your face on this
side of town, you'll be grabbing your ankles for every nigger in Juvey Hall."
Jimmy pulled up his stained jeans, forcing his floppy dong down his right leg.
He ran barefoot down the drive and toward "his side of town", crying and
terrified. His crotch made a squishy noise as he ran...and some cum-bubbles even
formed around the zipper. As he passed a neighbor's house, the man tending to
his grass sprayed the dumb kid with his garden hose, laughing.

If his Dad ever found out...oh please...God no.

He finally slowed down a few blocks away. His crying had become quiet sobs and
he had to sit, he was soaking wet and his feet were cut and bleeding from gravel
and glass. "Why was this happening?" he thought to himself. Jennifer was the
only girl who really liked him, and not just for his body or his cock. She
listened to his hopes, his opinions, and his fears. He could tell her how rough
life at home was. How Matt got allowance, freedom and privilege, while Jimmy was
forced to stick to the "House Rules", an ever growing and changing list of
policies. The Rules had to be followed and if they weren't, Jimmy was punished
accordingly and most often brutally. He was going to be late getting home which
was a key offense. Mentally he tried to scan the latest list and remember the
discipline that came with being late from school...

He had been made to write a copy of the Rules chart into his notebook, so he
would just look on the inside cover. Where were his fuckin books ??

He thought for a moment. Just then he realized that he had left his whole gym
bag in Jennifer's library, and aloud he actually said.

Very quietly Jimmy said...Oh, God, NO PLEASE NOT AGAIN!  

To be continued...




THE HUMILIATION OF JIMMY ~ Part 4
By Ponyboy G

If you haven't read Parts 1, 2 or 3, then please enjoy them first. However, if
you absolutely can't wait, here's the Reader's Digest version: Jimmy Hawkins is
the low boy on the totem pole of his family, with his folks and his little
brother Matt always going out of their way to bring down his spirit and manhood.
The story picks up weeks after Part 3...

Usual readership rules apply here... The following story features nonconsensual
sexual activity & familial discipline between people of all ages, so no one
under the age 18 or over 118. Also, if this type of material offends your senses
or state, local laws, or in laws...then please move on.

THE RULES

Originally, when it was announced during a family meeting weeks ago, The Rules
was a list with only 5 potential offenses on it. A book on disciplining "out of
control boys" was the basis for that awful chart, and apparently Jimmy was now
considered out-of-control. Although the punk hadn't been in any trouble for
several years, except for the trumped up charges made by his Mom, Matthew, and
more recently by his Aunt and Uncle. He mistakenly assumed that The Rules would
govern both he and Matt. No such luck. Not for this kid.

Only Jimmy was on trial everyday. 

HAWKINS HOUSE RULES, REQUIREMENTS & PENALTIES
* Late to/ from school : grounded 5 days/ spanking		
* Cars not properly cleaned weekly: grounded 5 days per car
* Abusive to Matt: 4 weeks allowance revoked & Matt's Choice
* Missing school, church: grounded & paddled 2x daily; 10 days
* Late to bed: 6:30pm bedtime for 7 days &spanking
* Late to dinner: 1 meal daily & paddled & early to bed 7 days
* Missing curfew : 2 week grounded & paddled, TV, PC revoked
* Yard kept up: weekend of labor, TV, stereo, PC revoked
* Homework not done by 9pm: weekend grounded & Matt's choice
* Any grades/tests below a "C": paddled 25x for  each
* Cursing at home: telephone, TV, PC, stereo revoked
* Hygiene (armpits, asshole, foreskin cleaned): Mom's Choice-2 wk.
* Refusing discipline: all privileges stripped 1 month

His Aunt Marge & Uncle Dave had temporarily moved in over 10 days ago out of the
blue, supposedly while Dave was looking for yet another job. His Aunt had always
been strict & frightening, so Jimmy tried to steer clear of her and her wrath,
entirely. Matt had written The Rules himself, posting it on a wall in the
kitchen where it could be seen by everyone who entered the house. There is no
worse punishment for a growing male, than having his younger brother
disciplining him, and now Jimmy was faced with it. Over a few weeks the chart
was altered, with changes now appearing every few days, punishments made more
brutal, and "Matt's Choice" becoming more popular. Any member of the household
could, would, & did report Jimmy on any infraction, which followed with being
permitted to severely discipline him at any time, and anywhere. Luckily, Aunt
Marge and Uncle Dave wouldn't be staying too long, perhaps then life would be
easier, and Jimmy wouldn't face the degrading daily episodes.  Perhaps, he would
have to wait until autumn; when he finally left for college, to wrestle at the
State Level "U-Circuit" and never look back.


He had only 4 miles left to walk and tried plotting a course with enough grass
to walk on to cool his sore, bleeding feet.  Had he only taken a moment to look
up, he might have seen his Mother drive by quickly and glance over at him. "Poor
kid," she thought, "he will never amount to anything." She was stuck with that
stupid, jerkoff excuse for a son. It was her fault for not letting those 2
faggot piano teachers adopt him when he was first born. Those guys and their
money could have been her easy ticket to freedom, but she had missed the boat on
that deal. Maybe if they had adopted the little prick, they wouldn't have had to
kidnap and torture all of those other boys for 2 decades. Perhaps she could have
cured them before they had acted out? "Oh well...C'EST la vie," she muttered. At
least Jimmy had a kickass body, a huge dong and (thanks to now near-constant
supervision and control) a pair of perpetually swollen and often bruised
testicles.


She thought about their last "Mother & son" dinner at the Vivant Room. It was
good to be going back again.  She waited until she heard him get into the tub
sitting in Matt's used bath water, then walked into the bathroom without
knocking. Jimmy was totally exposed and humiliated, as she then moved and knelt
next to the tub and took the washrag from his hands. "Here, we'll do it just
like when you were a dumb little shit...HAHAHA... he weakly tried to laugh at
her insult. "Cuz, now you're a dumb big shit...HAHAHA." He couldn't laugh at
that one. She was slowly and deliberately washing his chest and back. His broad
muscles and defenseless skin were the only things that she liked about him.
Holding his left pectoral in one hand she forced him to raise his right arm so
as to wash his smooth pits, leaving his nipples, cock, and balls exposed and
vulnerable.


"What's your chest size now?" she asked. She was visually following the line of
his broad back down to his round ass, which was sticking up out of the shallow
water. Watching the soap trails travel down toward his deep crack, running
between his cheeks, she knew that it was hitting his little unused hole. She
then began rubbing his nipples with her bare fingertips, driving them to
hardness. He was completely uncomfortable, but knew he had no choice. Precisely
the way she wanted him.


"I'm a 44" ma'am," Jimmy replied, for the first time ashamed of his body, his
smooth chest was the embarrassed shade of pale red. His deep, almost hairless
pits were beginning to drip sweat as she jammed her hand up inside one, enjoying
his nervous squirms. "You are a big boy James Joseph Hawkins! Is your waist
still a 29?" she asked harshly, looking directly through the scummy water Matt
had left for him, and onto his rising cock. He couldn't control it anymore, and
it was getting hard almost constantly. His Uncle Dave had even recommended that
he wear a rubber on his dick to school, to keep the leaking junk from ruining
his pants.


"Yes, ma'am," the humiliation left him weaker. His breath was coming harder and
now shallow...his cock stirred and suddenly he felt his thick hood pull back,
with the dark reddish-blue head of his dong coming up and out, then soaked with
water and semen. "Whoa, PERISCOPE UP," she joked flicking his almost hard cock
with her fingertips...hurting the sensitive piss hole.

 "Let me wash your hair now. Lean back into the water," she ordered. "MOM! I can
do it myself," he was horrified knowing that a woman, especially her, was seeing
him stripped naked, like a boy. If that wasn't awful enough, she was bathing him
like a little kid. Whenever she had the chance, his Mom would sit and wait for
him to strip bare-balls naked, staring at what used to be "his privates," but
were now just another visual tool for her to use in his humiliation.


"Do you want me to bring Uncle Dave up here to help us, I can...I will," she
barely whispered the threat, and yet his reaction was complete terror. "No, Mom
...don't please...I don't want no more baths from him." Jimmy pleaded. His
Mother loved his lack of even remedial English skills. He appeared more stupid
than he really was, and she never corrected him.


"Okay, just lean back and give in, then we won't have to talk about it anymore."
Mom had won again, as she always did. Jimmy couldn't believe this was happening,
he was so exposed and embarrassed. He slid back and lay in the already used bath
water, feeling it creep into the sides of his submerging mouth.


"Move your hands, BOY...a Mother has a right to see her son naked, anytime she
wants...upon demand," she ordered. He gave her a look of pleading despair, to no
avail. She smacked at fingers and hit his nutsack by accident, causing him
immediate pain, and forcing him to put both hands behind his back. She
immediately grabbed at his thick sack and started washing his penis and
testicles.


"MOM!!! AWWW... OWWWW...PLEASE DON'T!!!" he pleaded. Slowly, he was getting an
even bigger bone in her soapy hand. THIS IS FUCKING UNREAL, he thought. Strings
of pre-cum had begun drooling out his wide slit, forming another sloppy puddle
that would eventually float up to his face. The entire time she just looked down
upon her boy, condescendingly. All balls and no brains, she thought to herself,
reaching for the scrub brush. She was determined to get his fat purple knob
really shiny!


"Shush...Jimmy...besides...from now on, one of us will be taking an active role
in your bath time, until you can prove to be mature..." she had become
sickeningly sweet. She grabbed his swollen balls again, denied ejaculation for
weeks at times and constantly aching.


"THESE THINGS DO NOT MAKE YOU A MAN, YOU KNOW THAT DON'T YOU?" she was firm, yet
calm. "Yes ma'am, they don't make me a man," he barely squeaked out, embarrassed
even more at having to deny his own manhood to his cruel Mother. His Mom
actually attempted to lift him off the floor of the tub by his own testicles. He
almost passed out and when he started to open his mouth to yell, she quickly
jammed the washrag deep inside.


Turning toward the door, she yelled for her sister-in-law, "hey Margie, come in
the bath for a few minutes... you need to practice washing his drain
pipe...hehehe," she giggled as she helped push his head under the water, forcing
his cock upright. A perfect male target in plain sight. Marge could be rough
with a boy's tool and she loved how obviously big this one was. She also loved
reminding Jimmy of how stupid it looked hanging off of his body.


"I have to get dressed for our dinner at the Vivant Room ...now you listen to
your Aunt Margie, her and Uncle Dave also have a complete say over you. Then get
dressed and then meet me at the car," she finished while both women stared at
their boy. Yes, indeed, it would be a hot night for her and a scary one for the
boy.


 
WHACK...KICK..."UGH! GODDD! MOM!" REPEATED 3 TIMES. (Looking under the table.)
Oh honey, I didn't know that your groin was so close to my heels. That must have
hurt those baby-makers, something awful. Huh? Let's go to the ladies room take a
look at them. Oh Waiter, perhaps you can find a nurse or EMT or someone to help
me examine my Son. I just injured sort of damaged his BALL SACK & HIS TESTICLES
(said very loudly). THEY ARE TOO LARGE FOR HIS BODY AND ALWAYS GETTING IN THE
WAY. I MUST HAVE KICKED THEM BACK UP INTO HIS GROIN OR SOMETHING? You know what
babies young boys can act like...every little thing is a major crisis...WAH WAH
WAH...I cannot understand a word he's blubbering about! Women customers were
laughing, as Jimmy fought back vomiting, curled in the booth. He clutched his
full testicles, they continued to leak precum, even when they were repeatedly
attacked. He knew that this time it was no accident, she meant to hurt his sack!
His Mom talked for a few minutes with one fat man & then another older man soon
joined them. Smiling, they approach the writhing boy.

 Jimmy, this is my new friend "Nurse Ronald" and his friend "Dr. Malcolm" they
are going to examine you in the back room. We all want to make sure that you
didn't hurt your that spooge bag too badly. Try and be a good patient this time,
okay sweetie? The fat "nurse" with the mustache and sweat stains, was watching
Jimmy's crotch, and actually licking his lips. He was thinking about eating the
boys' hole out...total virgin ass, and he would have his hand in there very
soon! His mother continued: you remember what happened at that movie theatre
last month? Well I remember, and those men were very bad and they hurt you
somewhat. Oh, don't start crying already, I won't stand for it. I found you in
that basement; it just took awhile. I know they were very mean, but I honestly
believed that they were Doctors. Well, we can't have that happening again, can
we? Let go of your "Jumping Beans" RIGHT NOW, and go with them. I should be
right out here somewhere if you have any trouble with him, Nurse." The "Doctor"
shot Jimmy a stern look and assured Mrs. Hawkins that male attitude adjustments
were his specialty. "Jimmy, I am going to play waitress for awhile now. So you
get moving, boy!"



She snapped out of her reverie realizing that the car was swerving. Geez, she
had better pay more attention! But that night really got her and her husband so
fucking hot! In her own twisted small mind, Jimmy really was out of control. She
wondered if perhaps her son went to a maximum-security prison for a few years;
there he might learn some discipline or maybe a visit to her cousin Butch's
ranch in Wyoming? He had worked wonders with deviant youngsters over the years,
maybe he would make Jimmy straighten up and fly-right. Although his methods were
considered a bit archaic, often severe, and yes, even dangerous, his heart was
in the right place. While she and Jimmy's Dad respected his work, they thought
the whole setup was a little faggy for their personal tastes. However it
certainly did the trick for these at-risk boys. Marge and Dave had been
recommending the place to their friends for years, and thanks to very little
repeat business, Butch maintained a perfect record of rehabilitation. Monica and
Butch had always been close and she giggled thinking about the pictures and he
always sent. She wondered aloud, "There isn't anything that man wont try in the
name of behavior modification....



WISH YOU WERE HERE...

Butch's most recent guests were 2 boys who had once played brothers on a
cancelled television sitcom. The world remembered them as beautiful toddlers,
charming boys, and finally as handsome young men. The boys' folks were pissed
when the show was canned, which meant good-bye to their gravy trains. Since
their kids were basically unemployable, ignorant brats, both sets of parents
agreed to a meet-and-greet with Butch and after only 15 minutes of dialogue, it
was sealed. Thinking they were off to a concert in the mountains, the duo was
shipped to Butch's ranch 48 hours later. Monica really liked the pictures of the
older, more muscular boy pulling that rusty plow, dragging his stark naked ass
across Butch's fields, a bit filling his mouth and reins hanging from his sack.
The poor kid was obviously screaming and crying, his once-beautiful blonde hair
hacked and shaved off at uneven lengths, his whole face and body was a sunburned
mass of welts, and his penis not even healed yet from being circumcised, bobbed
and then pierced. Yes, the Ranch was a little too freaky for her, but she always
believed 2 credos "whatever floats your boat" and "spare the road, spoil the
moron." Butch seems to think that there is good in most boys. They simply need
authoritative male direction. He could be such a putz at times.


The human workhorse had had a younger brother on the sitcom. To the public, he
was an adorable rascal, but off-screen, he was nothing short of a nightmare. 
Relegated to the Butch's, he refused to conform to life at the Ranch, and had
attempted escape twice. Butch had never seen a baby-bull this unbreakable, but
no one had ever escaped. Certainly, NO ONE WAS GOING TO RUIN BUTCH'S PERFECT
RECORD! The last time this little shit had run away, a trucker found the
collared, bareassed punk cowering in a shit-ditch along Highway 9. The driver
had simply stopped to take a wicked piss, when he accidentally whizzed on the
poor boy's head. HA! Some big "star", he thought, living in a shit drain. He
coaxed the shaved, tattooed fuck-up out of the ditch and was immediately shocked
at the boy's appearance. 


Of course, the boy attempted to speak, but with 10 studs and 12 rings through
his tongue and lips, it was impossible. The kid needed serious medical
attention, with his broken fingers and other bones; nipples ringed and soldered
a dozen animal bites, and too many welts to count. Looking at the kid's exposed
crotch, he noticed a triple- pierced cock that was swollen huge and now
misshapen. The little dude had a 26" waist and a 10-inch hard-on. He leaned in
to examine the boy's cock better, and with threads hanging off, it looked as if
someone had attempted to sew it to the boy's leg.


Luckily for the kid, the driver was a Good Samaritan who realized that the boy
needed to get to the closest and safest shelter. Which was, of course, the fancy
ranch he had seen a few miles back down the road. The punk wasn't making any
sense, and his jumbled words were barely audible. Maybe he was stoned? Just
another fancy Hollywood type, he assumed, wasted on dope. But the naked boy
certainly came to life when they got to the Ranch. He screamed and cried as they
approached the gates, even kicking out a truck window with his already broken
foot. He was rambling incoherently and to be honest, when the kid pissed all
over his seat, the driver was glad to deposit him with the rancher's staff.


After several of the wranglers hustled the boy away to sedated him; the 2 men
were left alone to talk. The kid's "Uncle" Butch was very grateful to the
driver, giving him over $1200 for his troubles and to pay for the rig window. 
He continued on, explaining that his "nephew" had fallen into the non-Christian
gay lifestyle. He had pierced and tattooed himself and now was hallucinating on
PCP, which most likely has rendered him brain damaged. He had done such physical
injury to himself, that he was certain to be institutionalized. Sadly, the kid's
unstable Father was in prison for sodomizing little girls, while the boy needed
desperately to get clean and find God. Butch played upon the driver's obvious
religious compassion and when he felt convinced that the man was no threat,
Butch sent him on his way. He wouldn't have to use his gun after all. Damn.


As he drove through the wrought iron gates, the trucker couldn't help but think
that just maybe the boy wasn't the rancher's nephew? Maybe he was genuinely
afraid of the man? Maybe his tearful and screaming rants were honest? But, maybe
they were queers? Nah! Why would they be all the way up here? Then again, he was
so beaten down and fucked up, like a wounded animal. All those painful rings and
perverted sayings that he had tattooed on himself. What the heck was a "RimPig"
and why would a guy brand that word into his pecs? Sheesh! Also what was that
weird thread hanging from his meat? Probably involved in some perverted, queer
sex ring! Maybe the boy was high on dope and had cut off his own willie while
praying to Satan? Then tried to sew it on...


 "Yep, that must be it," he admitted aloud, "those Hollywood types are always
worshipping some dark master, and this little fuck was no different!" Luckily he
had a sensible relative in his life to set him right, a salt-of-the-earth Uncle,
without any fancy Los Angeles ideals.


In Butch's letter to Jimmy's Mother, he had written that the workhorse actor
returned to LA; a changed young man. Of course, he doesn't talk much, but he
behaves nicely. The other poor asshole might be back up and walking again.
Someday. Maybe. "Well," Butch's letter concluded, "you have to break a few eggs
to make a decent omelet."

The trucker would never really know just how close he actually came to losing
his freedom and his life that night. By the time the helpful trucker finally hit
Memphis, he wouldn't even remember the boys' name and wouldn't care. Once again,
Uncle Butch's record would remain intact!


Suddenly realizing that she was approaching her driveway, she imagined Jimmy
trying to explain how he ended up on the roadside, soaking wet and blubbering.
That dumb stutter rearing its' head just as it always did when he was busted.
"M...M...Mom," she imitated him out loud and laughed. Matt's impression of him
was still better than hers ever would be. Thank God, for her darling angel
Matthew, and now with Marge moving into the house, she would finally have some
fun! She couldn't wait to announce the new living arrangements over dinner
tonight. It would really shake things up! This was time to celebrate, tonight
they could get fucked up and have a waiter to serve them. With renewed vigor,
she reversed the car onto the street again and accelerated. She headed for the
liquor store and maybe even a stop at the Salvation Army to buy Jimmy something
"nice" for her meeting.


In 2 weeks, the "Special PTA" was meeting at her house and he needed some new
clothes.

*************************

Jimmy finally arrived home at 6:15. A full hour and 15 minutes late. He would be
punished for sure. Brutally. Not only was he late in getting home from school,
but also he was late for dinner. Jimmy had held up an entire meal and that was
not fair to his family. He had stopped at Peter's house to mooch a pair of shoes
until he could convince Jenn to return his. Jimmy had told Peter everything,
from how the doctor had trashed him, called him by the wrong name, talking shit
about broads to make his dick stand up, and then humiliated him by making him
strip down while his daughter headed home. The prick knew all along that she
would see his cock leaking spooge. Poor Jim needed her to survive the insanity
that went on at his house. All the whippings, being stripped naked at the dinner
table, having all that shit written on his body. "Man," he thought, "those
people were nuts." Little Matthew was smoking dope and fuckin everything with
tits and he was never punished once. While he felt bad for his friend, Peter
knew that they would never be as close as they had once been.


Jimmy trudged up the backyard and saw a light still shining over the kitchen
table, the silhouette of his family seated beneath it. A moment of relief washed
over him. At least they hadn't held dinner for him, they were eating and Jimmy
could join them, and deal with the punishment later. He had been working on a
story about a 'special team practice', which ran late, and would explain his
tardiness.  He would stress the schools MVP Awards coming up, and how the Coach
needed to discuss important strategies with key players, like him. He tried to
synchronize his story with the appropriate time. He would say that after the
meeting, he showered, dressed and walked home, it was after 6pm. He would skip
the part about the showers, as his father would always begin teasing him with
shower-room questions:


"So...you got the biggest cock in the showers, SONNY BOY.... Are those baby
makers too big for your cup? You better make me proud with that horsemeat.... If
it isn't the biggest, then we'll have to start stretching it for you.... Show us
how you count to 10 with your hoof HorseMeat! Do you and the other IDIOT JOCKS
play with it in the showers, boy.... hey jerk-off... you listening? Go get your
Mom another beer...and try not to trip over that ugly schlong...HAHAHA."


Jimmy would try to deflect the embarrassing digs, "D...Da....Dad..." was all he
could manage to say and his stutter would kick in. His family had succeeded in
bringing back a humiliation that he had studied for 8 years to break. Luckily it
only happened at home, but soon it would happen at school, it was a just a
matter of time. Maybe he was only worth his horsemeat? They were reducing him to
the state of a stupid muscle-bound child. Almost a totally smooth body with an
impossible list of rules, supervised baths, discipline daily.... What the hell
could be next? Oh no, he imagined, they wouldn't do that?


************************


MATT'S BREAKING THE BOY

Standing at the door, he still hoped for the best. He had a perfect excuse and
no one would be any the wiser. Still, Matt might pose a slight problem? Might
not. He loved making trouble. If the worst thing happened, at least Jimmy
figured he could always give the little dickhead $10, not to ask any questions.
The payoffs to his little brother used to be almost twice a month at their most
frequent. Lately, however, Matt had been getting ballsier & greedier. Now Jimmy
found himself buying the kid's silence at least once a week and sometimes twice.
A few weeks back when Jimmy was flat broke and Matt was lording over his
sibling's head that he had seen him masturbating in the basement shower. Jimmy
had no cash to offer, so the little worm simply walked into his older brother's
room, picked up Jimmy's prized Walkman, and took it from him. He had already
taken Jimmy's muscle magazines, his pager, Nike trainers, winter coat and the 3
new shirts from Jenn. Piece by piece, he was stripping Jimmy of his possessions.


"Please Matthew...don't...please...I need that...I'll give you anything
else...PLEASE!" he was almost crying. The dumb jock needed his Walkman to play
tapes while running and working out. But more importantly, since Jimmy's
telephone privileges were revoked, Jennifer had made tapes of her voice, which
he would lie in bed and listen to. He could lay in bed at night and listen to
her sweet voice. Why would Matt take his favorite possession, considering the
boy already had one of his own? Jimmy sat on the edge of the bed with his
muscular hands in clenched in fists, his eyes filling up with tears.


"Hey, Jimbo...come on outside, I changed my mind buddy, " Matt yelled through
the windows. For a moment, Jimmy's heart felt light again.
					

Wearing just a pair of boxer shorts, the star wrestler ran down the stairs. He
looked awesome, his blond hair cut in a long military style; his body was
beautifully tanned muscle, and not an ounce of fat. He was 110% all-American
USDA prime boy-meat, and everyone who saw him, agreed. His shoulders were
rounded like a gymnast's, his chest was blessed with pecs like a prizefighter,
just a little patch of blond hair around the base of his meat, and a
quarter-sized group under each arm. His abs were sectioned into a truly
developed 4-pack with tight upper and lower diameteres, forming a "real mans
6-pack." He was simply a beautiful specimen of young maleness, one that wasn't
even aware of his sexiness.


Unfortunately, he was also dumb and trusting to the point that would eventually
be his ruin. Just like it was on the wrestling squad; he would walk out onto the
mat, looking as if his own obscene bulge guided him. The singlet wasn't right
for him, and he had asked Coach for a bigger one, but "they had all been passed
out" Coach Burrows explained, "and he would have to wear THAT one." His ratty
piece of Lycra no longer even covered his pecs at all, and it was pulled so low
in front by his package, that his supporter was exposed around the waist on both
sides. By now his thighs had gotten so developed from lifting that he was forced
to pull the leg holes of the singlet almost up to the waist. He looked like one
of those Aussie lifeguards; his naked rear end standing straight out, with it's
deep dimples exposed, just 2 muscular globes on display and cupped by thin sweat
stained straps.


The women in the audience really loved it, and female attendance was at an all
time high! He tried to deal with things as best as he could, under the
circumstances. He was getting used to wrestling with his Dad and his Dad's Army
friends while just wearing his jock and a "wife-beater" tee, but this was IN
FRONT OF THE ENTIRE STUDENT BODY!!! On the gym floor, his nips hung out over the
Lycra, his cockhead outline looked perverted straining the front of the fabric,
and now his ass was totally exposed. He had even been photographed several times
for the local papers with almost all of his parts exposed. But, hell, he would &
could survive anything, just as long as he won MVP and got the hell out of his
parent's nuthouse.
  
					
Believing he and his brother were alone and perhaps about to finally reach a
truce, he hurriedly ran outside. There his little brother stood, along with 2
dorky friends and 2 ugly girls. They were his pitiful friends from the library,
and their 5 sets of eyes were fixed on the half-naked stud. He felt even more
naked now. Just like his mother had told him he would feel when they had his
penis circumcised, he would feel  "MORE NAKED."


"Okay, so where is the Walkman?" Jimmy asked nicely, still a little stunned by
the crowd. "I got it in my pocket, don't worry about that just yet," Matt
responded. "I'd be more worried about this," he said, holding up Jenn's latest
tape to Jimmy's horrified face. This one was even more special because she read
a poem and finally said "I Love You, Jimmy." He had wanted to hear those words
for months, and he even imagined playing it for her on their 50th Wedding
Anniversary. He was just a sweet, simple romantic at heart.  


"G...Giv....Give me that right now...IT AINT YOURS!" Jimmy yelled.


"Hmmm....apparently it is mine now," Matt pondered, "I will, only if you'll do
something for us." Jimmy looked down at his nearly stripped body for a moment,
realizing that his little brother had taken so much, what could he offer? He
fired back with, "you took all my money and I don't get no allowance for 8
weeks, what else do you want?" Jimmy pleaded, his voice now cracking. "I DON'T
GOT NUTHIN LEFT!!!" now he was shouting.


Matt was so much smarter than his big brother, and he loved toying with the
jock's empty head. "First off, you aren't getting ANY allowance for 8 weeks and
"aint and nuthin" aren't words, you dumb shit, DID YOU FORGET GRAMMAR IS NOW ON
THE LIST?" the other kids laughed as Jimmy's exposed chest and face were turning
red.  Matt began talking very slowly, as if Jimmy was retarded.


"How... about... youuuuu.... put... onnnnn a little TEEN MEAT STRIP SHOW for the
ladies here, Jimmieeee," he demanded.


"What the fuck are you t..t...talking about?" Jimmy yelled.


"That is no way to speak in the p...pr...presence of these ladies. Apologize to
them nicely. NOW." Jimmy stared at the pavement and said that he was sorry.
"That's much better. Okay now, flex for the ladies, Ponyboy," more girlish
giggles followed. He froze for a moment, weighing his options. He was running
out of choices. Maybe it would be all right ...after all...they were girls...



Several homes away, through open kitchen curtains, Peter was watching this
silent, horror-show unfold. "What in the world is Jim doing outside, almost
bareassed naked," his Dad asked. Peter didn't have an answer for the man. He
could see, however, that Jimmy's face was bright red and almost on the verge of
tears. Shit, Jimmy was becoming a real crybaby these days. As he looked at his
best friend's body, he began to say to his Father...


"I am a little jealous of his defini---oh shit...what the...fuuuuuck? No, they
couldn't be..." Peter stopped speaking and stared straight at his friend. He
couldn't believe his eyes.

The boxer shorts that Jimmy was wearing... were Peter's old ones! He had given
them to Goodwill, months ago. He was positive that they were his castoffs,
because they had been silk-screened by his girlfriend for Christmas. As a
surprise, she had screened the words "PETER & NANCY~2000 " into each paisley's
curves. Much like the "Magic Eye" paintings, it could only be truly appreciated
from a distance. With his vantage point, Peter could read each letter of Nancy's
secret confession.

"WHOA...hang on there Petey," he thought to himself, "what the fuck was Jimmy
doing with another dude's shorts on? MY schlong had hung in them, flopping piss
around...dripping precum...dirty balls making them smell rank." They had gotten
stained with skidmarks from being shared at football camp...and his cheese had
made the inside front yellow. That fucker must be a homo! No wonder the faggot
always stood next to him in showers after PE. Does Jimmy like wearing another
guy's shitty underwear? In front of little girls, no less? Peter's stomach
turned. Their coach might have to hear about this little demonstration someday,
he thought, filing it in the back of his head.
Jimmy must be a fucked-up pervert? Maybe that cunt did deserve the shit he got
at home?  Maybe he liked putting his meat where Pete's had once been? Maybe he
had bizarre sexual tendencies just like his Mother had said? Maybe he was just a
bitch cocksucker, like Matt had told him?  More importantly, maybe Peter would
start seeing alot less of Jimmy.


Now he was stupidly posing for the whole neighborhood. "Fuckin faggot," Peter
hissed under his breath, closing the curtains on the boy that was now barely an
acquaintance.


Jimmy was trying to stay calm...he wasn't allowed to yell at Matt, as it was now
against The Rules. He couldn't swear either, or raise a fist. "I can't pose like
that, they're only in Jr. high, please Matt, don't do this to me?!? " He
bargained, as Matt slipped his little fingers inside the cassette and dragged
the fragile, black tape out of its' casing, pulling and pulling the ribbon into
the open air.


"S....ST....ST....STOP, STOP...please STOP MATT! I'll do it," he put his hands
behind his head and pulled his abs in, sticking a leg straight out, the basic
stance for a routine start. He flexed over and over, moving his arms out,
behind, up and down. Not even knowing that during most of his routine, his penis
was clearly visible through the fly of the boxers, prompting the kids to
whisper, giggle, and then just laugh out loud. The confused jock was being worn
down. After 35 minutes he asked, "is that good enough? Now can I have the tape
and player back? PLEASE?" Jimmy desperately wanted to hear Jennifer's voice.

"Only if you drop the shorts," one of the boy geeks dared him. The horny little
fucks were all getting off on seeing the high school jock stripped and
humiliated. Jimmy thought the little guys would stick up for him, but they were
worse than the girls were! The boys had watched his cock through jeans and
Speedos and wanted to see the whole bareassed package, NOW.


"I can't do that. I'm n...n....naked underneath. C'mon guys, c'mon Matt, please.
C...C...Cu....Cut me some slack. I don't got nuthin on under them...There are
girls here! I would if it were just us guys!" He kept pleading.


"Are you saying "NO"?" Matt asked peacefully. "If you do say no, I will try to
understand why. I guess you need some dignity. Even the dumbest plowhorse on the
farm needs to stud in private sometimes." Jimmy didn't understand what that
meant, but everyone else did and laughed. "C'EST la vie and say goodbye," Jimmy
said and tossed the precious tape and player onto the driveway, and under the
wheels of his Mom's oncoming car.


"Don't! Matt s..s...stop! What the fuck are you doing? You stupid FUCKING PIECE
OF SHIT homo!" As his Mom and Aunt got out of the car, Jimmy ignored them and
actually went down on his knees. He tried to pull the destroyed tape out from
under the front tires. He failed to realize as he bent over, that 3 inches of
his meat had flopped out through the fly. As he crawled around the dirty cement,
it swung in rhythm with his body, like an overly hung dog.  He was stupidly
exposing his long and wrinkled foreskin making his young dick look like a filthy
old man's cigar.


"How did you speak to your brother just now? What words did you use to address
him and his friends?" his Mom was madder than she had been in months, maybe
years. Jimmy hadn't seen her like this since he dinged her car hood while 
playing ball, and had to relinquish his driver's license, among other penalties.


"Lean over the hood," his Aunt ordered. "DO IT NOW!" she added.


"Never have I seen a poorer example of a male specimen. You are a disgrace to
males everywhere," she concluded. Jimmy buried his head in his arms, bent over
the hot hood while Matt yanked down the boxers. Matt directed Jimmy to step out
of them, and while performing this task, the small crowd saw his oversized
garbage hose, his donkey balls, and his most private spot; his tiny virginal
hole. His cock and ass reeked from the sweat of lifting weights. Jimmy heard one
dude whisper to Matt, "What's wrong with his wiener? It just doesn't look right.
His looks like those ponies' cocks that we used to ride," the other boy added.
The girls overheard and burst out laughing. Aunt Marge jumped into the
conversation, "it's so ugly and smells so bad because he is 'uncut...' do you
know that word, kids?" the crowd nodded. "Make him turn around," a boy said. The
women, after all, had an obligation to teach the children about what a male
swings between his legs.


"Turn over boy," his Mom demanded. "NOW!" She screamed for emphasis. Jimmy
meekly turned around clutching his cock and balls, trying to hold on to some
dignity.  His Aunt slapped his hands away and his brother directed him to put
them on his head just like when he was "posing for little girls". Humiliated, he
raised his hands and laced his fingers behind his head. His well-built body was
now completely on display for the kids and neighbors to view. He was just
"muscle and dick" as his Coach frequently said. Now, his Mother was even
angrier, shouting then screaming, "you were POSING for these little girls?"


She and Marge walked closer, just as all of his muscles were flexed and his
penis began to twitch and thicken from fear.  Jimmy had lost all dignity and now
his reputation was being stripped down. What was happening? They were all over
him now. He was trying to flex to please them all, why were they coming at him?
He didn't dare cover his crotch now; he stood exposed with his tormentors coming
closer.


"No girl is ever going to want to see that...that...hose!!!" his Aunt yelled.


In the other ear his Mom screamed, "YOU LIKE SHOWING THAT UGLY THING TO GIRLS?"
He began to cry openly and heard the younger kids laughing out loud. "HOW ABOUT
A FEW WEEKS OF SHOWING IT 24/ 7 AT YOUR UNCLE BUTCH'S PLACE, HUH, ARE YOU A
FUCKIN RETARD?"


"I AINT NO RETARD!!!" he tried to defend his manhood, but was silenced.


His Mom yelled, "You DISGUST ME!" she smacked his long tool out of the way
sending it up to hit his abs, with a humiliating "thud." It had grown to over 7
inches and was headed for his usual 9 incher. She grabbed his sensitive
low-hangers and began squeezing the veiny bag. Her fingernails dug into his
wrinkled sack, while her knuckles worked over the boys' thick nads, rolling them
around, then pinching each one, making his eyes water and him moan
unintentionally. Finally, gripping each one so hard that she was injuring them
badly, she spat in his face. Women don't know what a boy feels in his baby
makers. Aunt Marge, meanwhile, had dug her fingernails into his very sensitive
cockhead, going under his foreskin and opening it wide enough so that his stink
permeated the crowd. She had planned to drive a fingernail around his thickening
cockhead and then down the slit. She knew exactly how jagged her nails were, yet
it seemed as though she had filed her nails with the intention of circumcising
him, herself.

"EWWWW.... grossss...." the kids were first holding their noses, then laughing
at the stench from his dong. He looked down to see a stringy glop of precum
hanging like snot from the head of his dick, it continued to move with him as he
tried to defend himself. His body was betraying him, and his cock was reacting
despite the pain and embarrassment.


"PERVERTED FREAK!" Marge yelled. His Mom shot back with "YOU STUPID RETARD..."
the pain in his testicles was too much to bear...and his whole body was getting
real warm...His Mom was pulling his hair too...she had a handful of his blonde
bush.... and her knee went directly into his fat ballsack...


As he fell to the pavement slowly passing out, the 4 brats began kicking him on
his broad back and his little muscle butt, pulling his nuts away from his groin,
kicking his abs, and spitting on his head. During his last few seconds of
consciousness, amidst all of the pain, he still could only think about his
ruined tapeplayer, and never hearing Jennifer's voice through the headphones,
late at night as he lie in bed. He reached for the remains of the cassette, only
to have his brother step onto his hand. Now he would never play basketball
again, either.
He shrugged off that nightmarish memory, and prepared to walk through the back
door and face his angry family. He was stupid; he had ruined another meal. What
did it matter anyway? What did anything matter, if he lost Jenn? If he had only
walked around to the front yard, he may have never even gone to the back door.
He might have just kept walking, then running.

But his luck just didn't go that way. And it never would.


NEW RULES & NEW PENALTIES

Much to Jimmy's dismay, his parents, Aunt Marge, Uncle Dave, and Matt all sat
staring at empty plates and then looked up at him. Mom had held dinner for Jimmy
and he ruined yet another day. They were, in a word, pissed. And there was
something different in the room, but he couldn't put a finger on it.


"Where the FUCK have you been?" his Dad demanded. Jimmy's confidence was
shattered and suddenly he was just a dumb-ass kid again. He began to speak,
"I...I...WA...WA...was in a meeting with my C...C...Coach," he said. His perfect
excuse and his speech had now failed him.


"Oh w...w...were you?" his Mom shot back, mocking him. The entire table cracked
up and even his Uncle Dave joined in this time. Jimmy had noticed that since
Dave had lost his job and started drinking, he was becoming mean just like
Jimmy's Mother. Must be a family trait, he thought. The normal list of Rules
wasn't next to the refrigerator as it normally was...it was rewritten and much,
much LONGER. Jimmy was horrified as he looked at the 3'x4' list, now longer and
more personal with paragraphs of fine print, below them:

HAWKINS HOUSE RULES, REQUIREMENTS & PENALTIES
* Sleep past alarm: 3am wake up call/ whipped/ 4 mile run
* Late for school : grounded 10 days/ 3x daily spanking		
* Cars not properly cleaned weekly: grounded 10 days per car
* Abusive to Matt: 8 weeks allowance revoked & MATT'S CHOICE
* missing school, church: 2 wk. grounded & paddled 2x daily 10 days
* Late to bed: 6:30pm bedtime for 14 days &spanking
* Late to dinner table: 1 meal daily & paddled & early to bed 7 days
* Poor grammar:  Paddled 5x per offense, DAD'S CHOICE 3 days
* Missing curfew : week grounded & paddled, TV, PC revoked
* Yard kept up: MOM'S CHOICE for 2 Weeks
* Homework done by 9pm: weekend grounded & MATT'S CHOICE
* Any grades/tests below a "B": paddled 25x for each paper and letter
* Wet Dream: PENIS Paddled 25x per offense, sleep in basement
* Cursing at home: telephone, TV, PC, stereo revoked
* Cursing in public: Telephone, TV, PC, Stereo, $, revoked 2 weeks
* Hygiene (armpits, asshole, foreskin cleaned): MOM'S CHOICE- 4 wk.
* Any/all other chores as required: paddled & grounded 3 weeks
* Talking back: 4 weekend grounded & paddled & 6x daily
* Intercourse: 16 weeks grounded paddled/ whipped 4x daily
* Masturbation: Grounded 1 month & PENIS paddled 4x  daily
* Shower masturbation: {Same as above and}  MATT'S CHOICE
* Failing to use Sir/ Ma'am: Spanked 15x per offense
* Cheating: Punishable by admission to Detention Center

This had to be a joke. How could his family have written these intimate
thoughts? How could they judge him on these things? He could barely live with
the old list, and now a new one that was impossible to monitor and measure up
to. Matt broke Jimmy's stare at the new Rules and jumped in with. "Well, then
where is your s...s...s...singlet?" More laughter erupted from his family. "Yea
Jim...Jim...Jimmy where's your j...j...jockstrap?" his Aunt Marge had chimed in.
Uncle Dave lost it laughing "and your c..c..cu..cup," he added. Jimmy looked at
him with tears in his eyes. Here was the man that always listened to him, helped
him study when his folks were too busy, and helped him train with weights. He
even explained the facts of life to him. When Jimmy was only 12 years old...

Back when he was a good boy.  Back when everyone still called him "Jimbo".


to be continued...
____________________________________

any correspondence should be addresses: ponyboy_g@yahoo.com
all will be answered




The Humiliation of Jimmy ~ Part 5
By Ponyboy G

The RULES and REGULATIONS: If you are under 18, then please leave now and watch
PBS. If you are a moralist Christian, then please leave now and watch CBN. If
your state or regional laws do not permit this material, then leave now and
watch C-SPAN.

~   ~   ~   ~    ~    ~    ~    ~    ~    ~    ~    ~    ~   

The Backstory. If you haven't read the other Parts, please enjoy, if you don't
have alot of time or Kleenex, then here is the story behind the story. Jimmy
Hawkins has had seriously rough time lately. His Aunt and Uncle have moved into
their family home, pushing him down to even farther on the totem pole, their
abusive ways are only match to his own masochistic brother's attitudes. Jimmy's
girl's Dad already hates the poor white-trash muscle punk, and after humiliating
the boy in front of his now ex-girlfriend, has thrown him out of their home.
Upon arriving home, he finds that his whole family has teamed up and created a
new list of rules to guide and control his every movement. Any infraction of
these rules can result in seriously constant pain and emotional torment. But no
matter what, the dumbass kid thinks he can prove his worth to the family. Now,
if the overly hung, blonde punk can manage to get through the next few months he
will be off to college and free from the reign of terror his family provides
under the guise of strictness and discipline.


(  (  (  (  (  (  (  (


Jimmy stood slack jawed looking at the list posted over the shoulder of his now
laughing family. "This has to be a bad dream, "he thought. They were doing it to
him again. Tormenting him with pathetic imitations of his stutter. The stutter
had been gone for years, after months of studying secretly with Miss Weist to
help him overcome it. The family never offered to help him read or study the
books required to help him break it, using it rather as fuel for his constant
torture. When he would come home having scored a winning goal in PeeWee
Football, the family would remind him that although he was "just an okay
player," he was only a step above a retard for not talking right.


He recalled the day when he had been chosen to play for the All State Juvey
Squad; he raced home, still in his uniform pants, carrying his shoulder pads and
gym bag. He saw balloons tied to their rusty mailbox and knew for sure that the
coach had called ahead, prompting his usually cruel family to plan a party just
for him. Jimmy was an incredibly hot sight busting his ass to run the last block
and receive his reward...a sweaty half-naked boy running, perspiration dripping
off his young pink nipples. His oversized package bouncing in front of him
because his meat had flopped out of his torn, hand-me-down jock, and was hanging
down one leg. The sweatsoaked Lycra pants now see through and revealed his new
blonde pubes and dumb-looking dork.  With his wavy blonde hair falling into his
face, he ran into the house only to see his family celebrating his brother
Matt's "C+" on a math quiz. His Mom looked at the soaked, bare-chested young man
and told him that she could smell his "head cheese" all the way across the room.


"Hit the showers b...b...boy," she mocked.  Jimmy blushed and went down to the
basement, tears pouring down his chiseled tan face. He could hear his brother
making the "EEHAW" noises, as always referring to his "donkey cock". They didn't
even care about his team placement. They never did. His fruity little brother
couldn't even kick a ball, and yet they praised his every move. He dropped his
pants, pulled down his sox and peeled off the rag of a jockstrap he had grabbed
from the lockerroom lost-n-found. His Mom was right, he thought, his nuts and
his uncircumcised meat did stink really badly. The whole basement was wafting
the odor of worked-out teencock up the stairs. Looking up, he wiped his eyes and
noticed that the shower curtain was gone. The basement curtains were gone too.
Eight windows with sunlight streaming in through them, and he was forced to wash
without any protection to his well built nudity. "Oh well," he innocently
rationalized, "Mom must be washing them."


Jimmy walked over to the corner and turned on the garden hose that hung from the
ceiling, a wash of cold water pouring down upon him.  He reached for the usual
bar of industrial soap that his Dad stole for him from work and found that it
had been replaced by a liquid soap in a bright pink bottle. The shit really
smelled bad, he thought to himself. He rubbed it on liberally, and stepped aside
trying to avoid the cold water. He scrubbed under his deep pits, admiring his
lats and how well they had developed. Then he spread his legs wide, like his
Uncle Dave had taught him, and while swinging his nuts, he scrubbed them hard
with the brush his Dad had given him for the express purpose of keeping his
"ugly man-boy dick" clean. He hated the names his Dad made up for his penis. He
was just a kid and couldn't help that it grew too big, too fast. Lately he was
beginning hate his own tool, sometimes in the morning as he made the fats dash
down to the basement, he would hold the head to stop it from making that loud
THWACK as it hit his solid abs. 


Taking extra precaution to make his dick head clean he used the brush on it too.
He spent about 20 minutes standing near, but not under, the icy water simply
admiring his kickass young body, with his round tight-end butt sticking just
like rears on the guys who played pro ball. Muscular legs developed from running
laps in the morning and at practice, and shoulders that the older boys were
jealous of. His mesh jersey looked incredible hanging off the broad frame with
his nickname "JIMBO" written in white letters above his firm, exposed pectorals.
Little pink nipples sticking out through the netting and a killer pack of abs.


The uniform left nothing to their imagination. While most guys wore undershirts
with their see-through team shirts, he never could find any clean ones and
learned to go without one...the entire faculty and student body would whistle
and catcall and tease him while he walked from class to class. Why did he always
feel so "naked" all the time? Oh well, it would pay off in high school, when the
girls would ALL drool.


Stepping back under the icy water, he began hosing off, and washing his hair
with the stinky shampoo. He started to rinse his hair when he noticed something
wrong...it began falling out in glob... blonde wavy locks landing at his feet.
He assumed immediately he had a disease or something??? As he rinsed the little
pubic bush that he was so proud of, it all fell out in his fingers.  He began
crying even harder as he stood in the full-length mirror opposite the "shower"
and couldn't believe his reflection.  Something had to be wrong with him and he
needed a doctor, so he raced upstairs stark naked to his family eating dinner
without him.


The roar of laughter could be heard throughout the neighborhood.


"You dumbass j...j...j...jock," his Mom shouted, "you used my
NAIR...hahahahah..." Then she added, "call Uncle Butch in here...he's gotta see
the BIG B...B...BABY!"


He stood there turning red all over his body, with the tears pouring down his
cheeks and his broad shoulders trembling. Almost all of his beautiful hair was
gone and his whole body was as smooth as it had been years ago. His cock looked
ridiculously huge, hanging off of him like the garden hose he had just washed
under. His full nads laying against one thigh, totally exposed and even more
vulnerable to the towel snaps they often received as a result of "being like an
animal's nuts" as his Coach had often described them.


His Dad joined in the laughter, "I told you that J...Jimbo was nothing but
MUSCLE AND D...D...D...DICK!" His Uncle walked into the doorway and whistled
long and low staring at the sopping wet teenmeat in front of him. "Boy, you look
like you oughtta be pulling a plow on my ranch...you dumb ox." More laughter
followed as he tried to run past Butch and to the sanctuary of his bedroom, only
to be grabbed and held in place while Matt went to get his camera. Later that
night, as he sat in the basement on the hard wooden chair, Butch shaved the rest
of his head and then proceeded to use a razor on it. Jimmy cried almost the
whole time, watching in the mirror with his legs spread, humiliated by his Uncle
who kept repeating that if the "boy" lived on his ranch, he'd be shaved weekly
and worked like the dumb horse that he was.


The next day he was the laughing stock of every coach, assistant, and boy on the
team. His date for the junior prom suddenly was sick and he spent the night at
home bringing drinks to his parents friends while they sat in the backyard
teasing him.


His stutter came back that night, too.


(  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (


But that was years ago, and Miss Weist knew that Jimmy could & would lose his
unfortunate stutter. He eventually did, and became an even more attractive young
man. Now, almost 6 feet tall with a 28" waist and a 44" chest, he could speak
better and charm people from adults to the giggly girls and wide-eyed faggots
that ogled him in the halls and in the showers, respectively. He was even
determined to use his new fluency to charm the gals at the art class he was
going to assist with for the PTA mothers. The one his Mom had arranged to help
him meet the faculty and parents, which, she promised, would ensure his
scholarship.


Back in the moment however, he stared at the list of 'RULES AND REGULATIONS"
that covered everything from tardiness to poor grades to...oh fuckkkk...no
fuckingggg way...to masturbation, intercourse and wet dreams! He was in for big
trouble; his parents and brother were going to have him under even tighter reins
now. With his Aunt and Uncle staying at the small house, he would be watched
continually. It actually said at the bottom that any one of them could punish
him at the moment of any breaking of the rules.


What had also hurt him was that his dear Uncle Dave was laughing at him too. The
man had become a total asshole since he had lost his job and was forced to move
in with his sister, who was Jimmy's Mom. They had become fast drinking buddies
and the evil side of him showed through even more.  Sure, his Uncle had always
been a little strict and a too "touchy-feely" with the punk, but it was just
male bonding.  They were good buds and Jimmy liked the physical attention of his
Uncle holding him and lifting with him. Jimmy would never forget how Dave took
him camping a couple of years ago.


(  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (

CAMPING WITH JIMBO


Jimbo's Mom thought it might be a good idea if the boy learned about the birds
and the bees, so she called her brother Dave and enlisted his services. She knew
that they were close and enjoyed each other's company. She also knew that Dave
would play by her rules. He was always afraid of his bigger sister and her
friendship with his wife cemented the fact that he would follow instructions.


Her other brother Butch was looking at land in Wyoming to build some sort of
camp for underprivileged youths and couldn't get away for 2 entire weeks. 
Although he sounded very excited about the prospect and even offered to call
Dave with a few thoughts on how to train the boy to satisfy the women he would
undoubtedly encounter soon.  During Butch's call, Dave hemmed and hawed in
regard to training the poor kid. Dave honestly liked Jimbo and didn't want to
see the boy abused. He genuinely hoped that the week would be an educational and
bonding experience for them, since Dave had no children and often felt bad for
the kid whose parent's despised his gorgeous looks and natural gifts. They
preferred to favor Matthew, who, in Dave's mind, was just a tattletale and
little wimp.

However, after 3 hours of listening to his persuasive big brother Butch, Dave
began to realize that perhaps the boy needed brought down a peg. The jock punk
was always flaunting his body to the women and eating up the attention, trying
to look better and smarter than Matt. Butch had convinced Dave that it was
Matthew who was the victim and that Jimbo tormented him daily. He agreed to
Butch's terms and even promised that Jimbo would visit the new ranch one-day to
help out with chores. Just to make sure that Dave didn't wimp out like he always
had, Butch secretly assigned his 2 current "boyz" and local college toughs,
Brent and Randy to watch closely from a distance and report back daily.


Jimbo's Mom had been strict in instructing that this trip was not a joyride or a
casual nature walk, it was meant for her eldest son to learn about outdoor life,
and more importantly about normal sexual relations. She recommended what to
bring and insisted Jimmy be allowed next to nothing. He would be put through the
wringer all day, with miles of treks and other punishing physical requirements. 
His dreams of a real "guy's campout" died, as she explained why he was being
sent to the woods.

She had witnessed her son's growing horse cock and balls, often "helping" him
wash it nightly in the tub, until he accidentally ejaculated into her hand while
she soaped it. She thrived on his humiliation as she and Matt practiced spelling
while he sat there in someone else's water; naked, cold and hard. Occasionally,
Mrs. Stone from next door would "help" with his bath, oohing and ahhing over his
growing musculature. One time, even Mrs. Stone's son, the Priest, watched, as
Jimbo was made to stand in the water, dripping wet and erect, and flex for the
neighbors as they commented on his humiliated physique. The entire time his Dad
took a belt to the boner sticking out of the boy, trying to "beat the devil" out
of him, as Father Stone suggested.

The disgusting action of cumming in his Mom's hand forced Jimmy into the
basement john and shower, banning him from the family bathroom permanently. It
also prompted the need for him to learn all about the birds and the bees. And a
man would have to teach him. Butch could be frightening at this age, so this
time it would have to be Dave.


Uncle Dave had decided to extend the camping trip to 11 days, and along with the
necessary provisions, brought various toys and a blow up doll with 3
battery-operated orifices to use as visual aids. He taught the boy everything he
would need to know about making love to a woman. For over a week, he watched the
kid fuck the doll 8 ways from Sunday, in it's motorized holes. First dry humps
then leading up to Jimbo's first real wet orgasm, and all in Dave's presence. He
was just doing "guy stuff," Jimmy believed. Fucking was guy-stuff. He was so
confident about his body and his looks that he didn't blush every time he slid
his long uncut piece into the rubber girl, and started humping. Dave grew more
interested in the naked punk as each hour rocked on and started taking Butch's
advice in all matters concerning the little donkey fuck. Fueled by vodka and
lewd suggestions, the kid was made to humiliate himself a little more each day.
By the end of Day 4, the boy's testicles were swollen to twice their normal size
and his foreskin was rubbed raw by the latex. Soon he would have to eat the doll
out to get her lubed up enough to not tear the kids' hood off.


Dave had been proud of the boy back then, watching his small ass pumping day and
night...his swollen sack was so full of spooge that it didn't really swing, but
rather pushed his dork out farther.... as if it were an offering. Strong and
confident, and already showing signs of musculature at this HOT age with a cock
that had obviously grown before his body could catch up. Granted, it was a
little too big for his body. The boy couldn't help it...he tried to be proud
even though he knew people were laughing at it. He still often found himself
hitting it, as he was so angry at its size and shape that he didn't know any
other way to vent his frustrations. He was also the only uncut male on any of
his teams, and begged his Dad to have him circumcised. An act his Mom forbade.
She even stretched his foreskin while he slept, causing it to appear longer. She
believed that the weirder the boys' cock looked...the better.


He remembered proudly walking the boy around the men's communal campground
showers twice daily, showing off the embarrassed punk. Introducing his nephew to
his friends and their sons, all of who were wrapped in towels while Jimbo was
naked and exposed to all of the men and boys. He even yanked off Jimbo's little
Speedo in the pool once, throwing it over the fence as a prank. Just "male
bonding" he would later explain to the crying boy. Then making the kid scale the
fence, with his nuts and tiny asshole exposed to everyone. The women hooted at
the muscular bareassed dude.


The punk actually believed it when Dave explained that the women at the pool
were admiring his growing physique. Dave knew damn well that Jimbo's Mom had cut
the liner out of the kid's 2nd hand suit, and it became see-through upon contact
with water. He secretly loved watching the boy trying to make friends with other
young guys at the pool, oblivious to the fact that his large penis and
adolescent sized nuts were completely visible to everyone. The girls gathered
daily to see the "Naked Boy", as he was called in secret. The horny old broads
called him over and gave him quarters to go fetch vending machine snacks for
them. Those treks would have been humiliating 3/4 mile walks for just a 10-cent
tip on each trip. But he didn't know. And no one told him.


The entire time that he walked, happily smiling and trying to talk with
strangers, they simply stared and giggled at the little muscle guy with the
dumb-looking package. Mothers and daughters would sit on the chairs in front of
their cabins and bait Jimmy. One squirted him with so much suntan oil that the
white Speedo was completely transparent and permanently ruined. The dumb kid
didn't even know!!! He stood and talked with the evil women and every detail was
visible. They quietly laughed as his dong rode across his leg, hardening to its
full 7 inches at that age. The beer can thickness was a disgusting show, and
while they found it amusing at how dumb this "Little Schwartzenegger" looked, he
was considered a pervert and disallowed from the other campers' sites.

Finally, 2 college jocks, professing to be his buddies, took him into their
camper and stood him in front of a full-length mirror. "See little dude, we
weren't BS'ing you...there is all your equipment for every man, woman, and child
to see. You're a pervert...you dirty little fuck! EVERYONE'S JUST LAUGHING AT
YOU! " Jimbo didn't even see the hand coming toward him.

WHACK!!!

The ball player grabbed at Jimbo's package pretending to pull his sack off his
body. The guys were so stoned it became funny to them. "Sorry to break it to
you, little bro. They were only talking to you just to humiliate you. Didn't
your Uncle even care enough to tell you, you dumb studfuck?"

 WHACK!!!

He lightly smacked Jimmy across the face. While Jimmy reacted, his cohort pulled
down the back of Jimmy's speedo, exposing the punk's round, little, muscled ass.
Watching Jimmy's shocked face; the college sophomore explained that frat guys
were always wrestling and smacking each other, touching each other's nuts. "Yea,
man, we all suck and fuck each other, it makes us bonded for life. Well, that,
and wrestling."

WHACK!!!

"Yea, little man, but you gotta be faster otherwise you'll get your ass
kicked...it's a guy thing...."

WHACK!!!

 A quick kick to Jimmy's testicles put him down fast. The poor boy grabbed his
injured nuts and squealed while the rest of his speedo was pulled down, off, and
out the door.

"I'm just playing' with ya," the stoner resolved grabbing a handful of blonde
hair. "This is how REAL guys act!"

 "Seriously though, what an asshole you are!" another punch landed. WHACK! "You
have been seriously HAD," they giggled, exhaling thick smoke. WHACK! The less
vocal jock then punched Jimmy square in the shoulders, then in a second; his
ribs. He began asking Jimbo if anyone requested for him to be in any pictures
with them. When he nodded, they lost it completely, laughing so hard they both
fell down. "Say cheese moron!!!" WHACK!

"P...PL..PL...Please let me go back to my t..t...tent..., I need my Uncle" Jimmy
requested.

Words were not even registering anymore, the college guys were simply too
stoned.  WHACK!!! "In a little while...hey, Randy," he yelled to his best
friend, "go get the video camera...." The next few hours were a blur to the kid,
but it was the day he learned to suck dick and take tongues up his hole. He left
the camper and vomited cum all over the road. He reeked of the beer they had
poured on him. Both new and recycled. It was the first time he had heard the
name "DONKEY DONG" as they had written on his chest in marker. "Just like a
tattoo...just like real men get," Randy and Brent had explained.


By the end of their trip, Jimmy was no longer welcome in any common areas. He
spent his last few days at the tent, just humping the filthy, cum-stained rubber
doll. Over and over, in plain view of his favorite Uncle Dave and a few of
Dave's buddies. Simply too dumb to even see how wrong it all was. The kid with
the overgrown cock had become a pariah and was known as a sex freak. The doll
was now covered (and often full) with the piss from Dave's drinking pals, who
then rolled her in leaves, just to make it harder for Jimmy to use her.  Dave
had to admit that watching this kid, without a friend in the world, kneeling
naked & leaking spooge, while he pulled dog shit off his vinyl "girlfriend," was
a pretty hysterical sight.


They had just finished banging the dolls open holes when Jimmy got back from his
2nd shower of the day. He hated the long trek back from the shower, wearing only
the thin hand-towel for almost a mile. The words covering his body had begun to
wash off finally, but it would be another week before they finally did. By then
he would have a new nickname within his own family.

Racing back to the camping site, and not knowing that the 5 grown men had each
violated his "girlfriend," Jimbo prepared to fuck the doll again. Suddenly Dave
thought of all the warm spooge still in her holes and how funny it might be
if...


He yelled to Jimmy, "Hey partner, why don't you show us how you eat cunt again!"


"Sure thing, Uncle Dave," the kid felt like a human again. Like a man again.


Someone was talking to him, just like guys do. They wanted to see the little
stud in action and he was gonna show them all that he learned about the birds
and the bees. The little dude raised the filthy doll to a standing position and
knelt before her. He would make all of the men proud...especially his Uncle's
new "friends". Especially Randy and Brent, who were now regulars around the fire
every night. They had convinced Dave to let Jimbo experience the pleasure of
self- abusing his own asshole with a vibrator they had borrowed from one of
their chicks' back at Vanderbilt. It had taken a few tries to get the boy used
to having his little blond butthole stretched to that girth, but he was so
stupidly eager to please his Uncle, he would try anything.


He would also learn to tolerate anything. Even Brent's constant "bonding" by
wrestling, smacking and fighting. They had also taken over his tent, which
forced Jimbo to sleep in the leaves around the pissed-on fire.


He was so proud, but only for a second. With the vibrator hitting his "special
spot" Jimbo smiled and spread the stretched out rubber cunt lips, opening both
his mouth and his eyes wide in anticipation. He clicked the little cunt-motor
button on the doll accidentally, and mistakenly assuming it was still broken, he
moved his face into the ripped up hole of the filthy rubber whore. He was about
to bury his face in it when the first glob of semen sloshed out of her and into
his eyes. Within seconds, the pints of Daves cum from her oral gullet slid down
and farted onto his face. Finally the rest of their cum and piss sloshed out and
covered his mouth, tongue, and head completely.

He could almost hear the men laughing as he blindly ran in pain, screaming and
begging for help. Tripping over the logs and falling into the hole he had dug
for the guys crap in. His male bonding weekend with his revered Uncle Dave, had
become a nightmare. Dave thought for a second, how proud Butch would be of him.
He had always tried to emulate his older brother. Now he would have some of the
respect he deserved. Even if it was at the price of the boy's dignity. "Shit,"
he thought, "Jimbo will get over it."


It was also the last time anyone called him Jimbo.


Since then, Uncle Dave had only gotten worse and eventually had become just one
of the family tormentors. He no longer treated the stupid jock with any respect
and now the Dave also had the right and privilege to watch over the teenager
constantly and administer punishment whenever he felt like it. Jimmy didn't even
know that his Aunt and Uncle had decided to stay permanently and were currently
in the process of taking the last bit of pride and privacy from the donkey boy.

His bedroom was now theirs. His new "room" was next to the toilet in the
basement. Besides, they assumed he would get used to it. Did he have any choice?
After all, he was just a punk.


To be continued...

(  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (  (

Any and all correspondence should be addressed to ponyboy_g@yahoo.com and will
be answered.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jarron Greene


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





