BDSM Library - Harem




Harem
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He was tired of just imagining how perfect it would be to have control over some beautiful girls. He started to collect the harem of his dreams.
The Harem

All of his adult life David had dreamed of experiencing the fantasy of having
beautiful young women to pleasure him at his whim. He had had girlfriends in the
past but they never seemed to measure up to the fantasies of perfection he held
in his dreams. Working on an assembly line at a dull and unstimulating
industrial job gave him hours of time to imagine how perfect it could be to
possess such girls and use them whenever he liked to gain that fulfillment and
live beyond the dreams that certainly only very attractive or wealthy men could
ever hope to experience.

To be certain David was no stranger to taking his liberties as he pleased.
Working the late shift at the plant provided him with free afternoons to wander
the local university campus and admire the bevy of young hard-bodied women that
covered the campus . Being the early part of summer he would sometimes carry a
book bag pretending to be a student and striking up conversations while
thoroughly scanning their bodies from head to toe behind his mirrored glasses.
Often he would pretend to be lost and ask a bikini clad girl lying in the sun
for directions after stooping to get as close a view as possible and pretending
not to understand thus lengthening his pleasure as long as possible. The library
was his playground. Many times he had gone up into the stacks finding an
attractive young college girl alone and backed into her with his hand touching
her ass, feeling the soft flesh of her ass beneath her Lycra pants or the denim
of her jeans all the while excusing himself feigning embarrassment as his
erection grew in his own pants. Sometimes he would brush by a girl thrusting his
pelvis forward as he passed feeling the tip of erect cock riding over her cheek
down into the valley and back softly over the next as he felt a surge of power
and sexual tension that he always relished. Excusing himself meekly as the
embarrassed girl would turn away and excuse him. Sometimes he had even gone to
the study desks and found an attractive min-skirted girl intently studying and
slipped quietly below the desk to catch a glimpse of her panties as she parted
her legs unaware that eyes were capturing this image below her. He loved to go
to the busiest buildings on campus this time of year and sit on the bottom
stairs pretending to read a book all the while looking up under the skirts of
passing coeds seeing their colorful thongs riding over their pussy lips and
asses at the tops of beautiful tanned soft silky legs. He always relished it
when a girl in a short skirt would be late and have no choice but to go by him
and he especially loved it when she would hesitate knowing what he was really
doing. These girls would stare icily and David would simply stare beyond his
book secretly watching as her hot ass came in view and feeling the tremendous
surge of power as he knew inside she had no choice other than to surrender her
modesty or be late for class.

Yet David's boldest behavior he reserved for the many Asian coeds on the campus
whose own cultural pride and station as well as their inability to convey
themselves well in English always assured he could pretty much do as he pleased
without fear of recourse from anyone. He would often find a very pretty Asian
and strike up a conversation walking along with her and after ascertaining that
she could barely speak English at all he would wait for them to walk to a good
area where few people were around. Then pretending to part from her he would hug
her very closely and tightly causing her to be unable to move with his arm
around her arm and his gripping arm holding her other arm from behind while his
free hand he let roam freely for a moment over her tits and down over her ass.
Sometimes he could even force a kiss. Very seldom would they ever even try to
resist him and he could depend upon the fact that they would never report this
and suffer such embarrassment. Then pretending to be her boyfriend for the
benefit of everyone that was around he would exchange parting pleasantries with
her that would indicate familiarity to anyone within hearing range and leave the
bewildered and embarrassed girl to make her hurried way to class.

As yet another day on the assembly line stretched into the afternoon David
decided to head over to the campus and look for some opportunities for pleasure.
However, lately, the spark and the thrill of all of this had begun to fade. He
knew somehow deep inside that he would have to keep going further and further to
satisfy the deep urges and dreams within him that he instinctually must somehow
satisfy deep within himself.

Leaving the factory he sauntered over to the campus and wandered across the
university common taking in all the wonderful scenery as he walked. It was then
that the idea hit him. Just across the way was a table with a poster in front
that read "Students. Register now for a free Hawaiian Vacation!". David
approached the table asking for a registration form while noticing the variety
of young women eagerly signing up and providing their complete addresses and
phone numbers to the strangers in charge. Excitedly David walked across the
street to the print shop and ordered his own poster and submitted a copy of the
blank registration form and had a couple hundred copies made of it. Then he
hurried home to begin his new adventure.

David lived in a large old home that had been left to him by a distant relative
and was lucky enough to live on the edge of town with all the privacy that
afforded. More importantly for his purposes now he also had a nice basement
which he had equipped with a stereo and television and turned into his own
personal retreat. David stopped by the hardware store on his way home and bought
three 15 foot lengths of fairly heavy steel chain, 5 heavy padlocks, three heavy
steel u-shaped pins, and three large wide black leather dog collars. Stepping in
the door of his home David went to the basement door and opened it descending
the stairs with his purchase he turned on the light and looked around. Yes. This
would be perfect. Along the lower edge of the wall of his basement were large
beams which traversed the length of the room and affixing the ends of the 3
chains through the pins he took a large hammer and with hurried and excited
strokes, his blood boiling in anticipation and tension, he hammered and hammered
and hammered the pins into the beam spacing them about 4 feet apart. David then
climbed the stairs and went to his seldom used guest room and dragged an old
mattress down the stairs placing it beside the area where he left the chains. To
the end of each chain he attached the dog collars and laid the padlocks next to
them and exiting the basement he padlocked the door at the top of the stairs.
Going to bed that night his heart beat with abandon as begin to imagine the
endless possibilities that lay in store for him. Perhaps his dreams of having
his own harem, of never having to worry about sexual needs and wants, and of
being completely and totally fulfilled however and whenever he pleased were
slowly becoming real.

The next day David got up and immediately called in sick at the plant. Having
been a model employee no one would suspect him of ever saying anything to the
plant foreman but the truth. Instead David put on a collegiate T-shirt and hat
and headed over to the campus with his poster and forms in hand his hear beating
wildly.

He set up on the university common with a small card table and his sign which
read "Register now for a free vacation to Tahiti!". Like the day before many
students began to make their way over to his table including many, many hot
young luscious bodied coeds. David watched each one weighing the looks,
personality, and demeanor of each. This was incredible to him! Women who would
never have give a rotund unappealing guy the time of day were now eagerly giving
him their numbers and addresses. Blondes, Brunettes, Redheads all kinds and
makes of girls were swarming over the table by lunch time. Upon leaving David
would take the entries of the hottest girls entering his own codes, B for
blonde, RH for redhead etc and rating them with stars on looks and personality
and so on. The entries for the guys and ugly girls he would discard. At the end
of the day he had literally hundreds of entries but he had also narrowed down in
this time his selection to the three hottest most unbelievably beautiful girls
who had approached. In his hand he held their entries knowing where they lived
and what their phone numbers were too and now he began to think of how to get to
them.

Kim had been in a hurry when she stopped by the table to fill out a registration
blank for the funny looking man behind the small table. "What the heck" she said
as she innocently gave David her address and phone number. She was an incredible
tease on campus only dating the wealthiest men she possibly could date. Her
38C-24-36 body was topped by her long blonde hair and her cute upturned nose
flanked by her piercing ice blue eyes. Today she was wearing a short sundress
and platform shoes with a plunging neckline. She gave David an icy look as she
looked up and caught him staring down her cleavage. "Creep." she thought to
herself. Handing the entry to him she had walked on to her apartment at the edge
of campus and entered preparing to spend the rest of her afternoon studying for
her upcoming exams. As she read from yet another boring text book her phone
suddenly rang. "Hello." She instantly recognized the voice on the other end as
the man who she had given her entry to. "Kim I have great news for you. You have
won the drawing!" "Really? That's fantastic!!!" she shouted over the phone. "Now
what do I have to do?" The man then explained to her where she should go to fill
out the paperwork to claim her prize. Placing the phone back on the receiver she
began to get ready to go and collect her prize. She had never won anything in
her entire life and she was so excited that she could barely contain herself as
she started her car for the trip across town. "That little creep must have liked
what he saw!" she said haughtily to herself as she drove. Kim was certainly no
stranger to using her body to get what she wanted. Sometimes in class she would
sit on the front row and flash the professor shots of her panties or pussy to
keep her GPA high. She had even participated in a few extracurricular activities
with professors in classes where she was failing. Kim was a slut when it
benefitted her and she would do whatever it took to come out on top.

Across town at a nearby pay phone David was preparing to collect his prizes too.
After calling the three girls he had selected and luring them to this now empty
office building he was getting ready for their arrival scheduling them all half
an hour apart to keep things simple. The toy gun he had bought at the store
looked real enough to him and his car trunk was filled with bindings and gags to
use to restrain them. Looking up he saw first prize arriving.

Mochiko had only recently come to the university from Japan despite the
objections of her very traditional family who had wanted her to marry a
domineering Japanese man. She was demure culturally from growing up in a male
dominated society, but now she was beginning to experience She was tall for a
Japanese girl with long flowing coal black hair. Her body was tight and fit. Her
tits were perfect and her ass in the white linen shorts had been all David had
needed to see to know that he wanted her, had to have her, make her his. She had
had her first sexual experience here in America with another student in one of
her art classes and she had just begun to feel that perhaps she had more power
over her life and the desires of others than she thought. Driving up to the man
she recognized from the campus she exited the car and approached him. "Sir what
do you need to do to give me a prize?" she asked in faltering English. Acting
quickly David produced the toy and answered back, "There has been some mistake
here I think. You are my prize." Alarmed and shaking she did as she was told as
he motioned her over to the trunk ordering her to lie down inside. He quickly
tied her wrists and feet together stuffing rags into her mouth and covering her
eyes with a blindfold. "I have a little time to kill," David thought to himself
as he unzipped her shorts. He moved his hand over the soft flesh his heart
pounding out of his chest touching her pussy for the first time as she whimpered
and struggled under him. Her furry little patch abover her pussy was soft and
black and her tummy felt toned and flat under his palm. Rubbing his finger
quickly over her clit her body began to betray her as the wetness began to build
and David fingered her cunt deeply relishing in the understanding that this
cunt, this girl he could never have before, now belonged to him. But there would
be plenty of time later for more of this. He shut the lid leaving her in
blackness.

Suzanne was just a freshman and could not believe her luck as she drove her
Volkswagen Rabbit across the parking lot instantly recognizing the man from the
drawing table. She could not believe her good fortune that day after receiving
the call letting her know that she had won such a great prize! Her short moppish
auburn hair and grunge like dress concealed a very taught young body like that
of a gymnast. Her muscular legs and ass below a waspish waist and small but firm
tits would be the perfect complement and variety David craved. Plus he had
special plans for her. Her waifish, boyish looks and tough attitude he would
manipulate to make her the number one girl in the harem. She would keep the
others under control for him and he would control her. As she climbed from her
car she rushed over shaking his hand as she thanked him for the call. "Now what
do I need to do?" she asked. Producing his toy David told her exactly what to
do. Beginning to cry she shuffled to the rear of his car slowly and her eyes
widened in horror as she saw the comely Japanese girl bound below her. Lying
down next to her in the trunk she just closed her eyes as he went to work
blindfolding, gagging, and tying her beside the hot Asian. Groping her tits
freely as he went enjoying the feel of her muscular thighs and ass and now
enjoying as long as he liked the kind of feel that before had only been a
fleeting pleasure. Having a few minutes with her body now higher up on top of
the Japanese girl, David unzipped his pants, his now erect cock sprang forth as
he pulled down her jeans a little and rubbed his cock over her tight muscular
ass. It felt so unreal and he was afraid to go further there before his next
prize arrived so he zipped up and once more shut the trunk.

Kim drove up to the building right on time as she hurried in anticipation of
getting her prize. Stepping from the car she hurried over to the man sitting
behind the table. "Hi. I have never won anything before! Thanks so much for
calling me. What should I do now to collect the prize?" she queried. "Well let
me show you what you will be doing miss." he answered her query. Yet again David
inspired fear and trepidation ordering her, now crying and red-eyed over to the
trunk of the car. He opened it and she looked in horror upon the girls already
tied inside. She gasped "No! No please. Don't do this to me please!" "Silence!"
he ordered as he motioned for her to lie down. Working quickly he tied her as
the others and took a long moment to once more grope his new prizes. This had
been way too easy and now he was almost home free. "If any of you try and escape
you will be punished. Remain silent and still! " he ordered as he shut the trunk
plunging his captives once more into darkness. No need to take more chances now.
They belonged to him now forever.

Slowly David drove from the parking lot across town to his home doing everything
possible to drive carefully and without suspicion of other dirvers around him.

Driving inside the garage David exited the car and closed the door behind him
his heart pounding excitedly in his chest. Opening the trunk he slung one girl
at a time over his shoulder carrying them down the long flight of stairs to the
dingy basement below and connecting a dog collar and padlock to each one. After
securing each one to a collar and chain he sat back on his sofa exhausted by his
labors. "Here are the rules." he stated. "You now exist only for my pleasure and
my pleasure alone. You are now my sex slaves. For many years to come you will be
here servicing me whenever and however I please for as long as I please. If you
refuse me in any way you will bring severe punishment down upon yourselves. You
will not speak unless spoken to or you will be punished severely.. Do you
understand me?!" To back up his point David took a riding crop and beat the
center post of the basement as each girl cringed a tear stained face and
recoiled from the thought of him beating them instead of the post. Each girl
nodded as tears coursed down their cheeks. David then began to untie and ungag
each of them. Their hands nervously going to their necks tracing down the chains
around their necks that held them fast to the wall. Free but captives. "First we
are going to have a nice little show for your new master but before that we are
going to have a final written test." Producing some pens and three sheets of
paper David carefully laid them in front of the three girls. "Take a letter," he
said and he began. By the time the girls had finished writing and signed their
names they had all three written individual statements outlining their need to
leave society behind and escape the boundaries of civilized life to live in the
wilds of some foreign country together somewhere forever. "Thank you ladies"
David said as he collected the letters. "I will be back soon. If you are bad
while I am gone you can expect punishment. Just to make sure you don't get
together I am retying your hands and gagging you." After making sure the knots
and gags were on he exited the basement locking the padlock at the top of the
stairs his heart still racing. Returning to the parking lot he placed the
letters signed by each slave in Kim's car and returned his heart beating wildly.
No one would know where they were now or that they belonged to him now.

This was it.David unlocked the padlock and entered the basement. There before
him were the members of his harem. He now realize that for years to come these
nubile young coed were his alone to pleasure him whenever he pleased however he
pleased and he realized how very few men in the world can ever realize such an
incredible fantasy that was once reserved for only emperors and kings. Maybe
someday he would add more but for now he planned to keep busy with these three.
What had once been an empty dank basement with an entertainment center and a
sofa had now become his assurance of continuous non-stop sex of his choosing.

"Let's put on a show for your new Master ladies!" David commanded as he untied
and ungagged them still crying and walked to his stereo to turn the tape player
on. The beat of a popular dance tune drifted from the speakers. "Dance!" he
commanded. "Dance or you will be whipped!" The girls began to dance and sway to
the music before him. He sat back contented on his couch watching the spectacle
before him. "Strip for me and you better make it sexy too!" he commanded.
Mochiko shyly unbuttoned her shirt as tears cascaded down her cheeks. David's
hear beat quickly as he saw her cotton bra cradling her perfect tits. She
shimmied quickly out of the panties. "Bra and panties too slut!" he commanded.
Nervously she unhooked the bra spilling forth her supple firm tits. She slid her
cotton panties over silken thighs giving him his first full look at her pussy.
Her dark lips still moist from his fingering he noticed perfectly framed by her
round hips and ordering her to turn around and bend over he was able to see
firsthand just how nice her ass really was. He could hardly wait to feel the
lips of her tight Asian pussy gripping his cock over and over again. He wanted
to feel her long soft hair spilling over his body and feel those nipples
brushing his chest as she was forced to fuck him. All of these pleasures awaited
him now and his cock began to harden as he unzipped his pants and began to
stroke it.

Suzanne hurriedly unzipped her skirt and taking her shirt off she found it
blocked by the collar. "Rip it off slave!" David shouted. Suzanne ripped the
shirt apart causing David's heart to beat more quickly as he saw her tits cupped
in the black bra. She dropped her skirt revealing a thin black thong and her
supple tan thighs. David was in heaven. She was saucier than the others and he
liked her displaying her sluttishness out of her own sense of fear and
self-preservation for his benefit alone when before a girl like her would never
have even spoken to him. Now he was in control. Not her. He ordered her to turn
around and bend over to pull off her tight little thong which she did. David
nearly died as the full lips of her pussy came into view for his pleasure. She
was the type of girl who he had always wanted the most and yet could never have.
Suzanne was the perfect addition to his harem and he knew she would give him
much pleasure.

Kim removed her tennis shoes and pulled her torn ragged jeans down revealing the
firm muscles underneath and that perfect ass. She tore her t shirt off revealing
she was braless and her small but super firm tits. David wanted to watch her
fuck the other girls. He wanted to give her the status to where she would
control them almost as much as he did and she would in time learn to use them
for her pleasure as well. She would learn to please him in many ways as well he
was sure.

"Ok girls keep dancing" David suddenly produced a strap on dildo in his left
hand from behind the sofa producing fearful looks among the girls who still wept
as they danced for him chained and helpless."Girls we are going to have a
contest here tonight and let me explain what the winner gets or doesn't get in
this case." he laughed to himself. "Each of you will crawl to me in turn as
commanded and give me the best blowjob you have ever given to a guy one at a
time. At the end of the contest I will select the best blowjob of the three and
that girl will get to wear this strapon dildo and fuck the losers with it."Ok
let's get going. Kim!" he yelled. Kim dropped to her knees quickly as the other
girls continued to dance scared and mesmerized by the scene of horror played out
before them. Kim has sucked a few cocks before at school and hoped she could be
good enough to avoid the fucking. She gently touched her fingers to his erect
cock pumping it in a soft fist as she stared into his eyes. She lowered her head
and toungued the underside of his cock. David closed his eyes in ecstasy as he
felt her soft full lips engulf the head of his cock. She bobbed her head up and
down pumping his cock as she sucked and tickling his balls with her fingernails
causing David to moan. His hands roamed freely over her ass and began to play
with her clit as he felt her pussy begin to dampen instinctually from his
efforts. Her full lips felt incredible sucking in more and more of his cock as
she sucked him deeply with the enthusiasm bred from her fear of being fucked
with the dildo "Ok enough. Mochiko it's your turn. Let's see what you can do."
Nervously the Japanese girl crawled to him. The feel of her luxuriant black soft
hair cascading over his lap was unreal. He watched as she nervously yet eagerly
sucked his cock. "Suck on my balls" he commanded as he pointed to them and
motioned to her how to do it. She lowered her head and bathed his testicles with
her tongue her soft hair caressing his thighs as she sucked and licked gingerly.
She moved up and resumed sucking cock. The sight of the girl was incredible.
"Look up into my eyes when you suck my dick bitch!" he ordered. She raised her
gaze as he looked down into her soft brown eyes pleadingly wanting to stop
sucking him. Once more he pushed her head down and had her suck on his balls one
at a time. The feeling was incredible. He cupped her perfect tits in his hands.
The feel of the cold steel chain running down her back from the locked collar
was very sensual and made him realize that now he was truly in control." Yes
Mochiko would suck cock and do many other things for him for a long, long time
to come. "Ok enough. Suzanne!Your turn you stuck up bitch! Get your ass over
here now!" Suzanne sexily crawled over knowing she had to do better than the
other girls to avoid the fucking of the winner. Slowly she circled the tip her
lipsticked lips softly massaging the head as she ran her tongue in swirls around
his shaft. "Suzanne you are going to lick my ass like that or be whipped do you
understand me?!" Crying she lowered her tongue and brushed over his ass revolted
by the whole thing. "Do it better Suzanne now!" Fearful she gave it big licks
now her soft blonde hair and tongue against his ass feeling wonderful and the
sight of such a formerly stuck up bitch lapping at his ass eagerly was almost
too much for him. "Put your tongue in my ass Suzanne now!" He could feel her
soft warm tongue poking at his anus and the feeling was amazing as her blond
soft hair cascaded over his stomach and thighs. "Look into my eyes bitch when
you lick my ass!" Her eyes tearing, Suzanne cast her defeated gaze from her ice
blue eyes into his and now both he and she knew that she belonged only to him.
"Enough" he said. "Well girls, you all did a good job and each of you has much
to learn, but I am declaring Kim the winner. " Suzanne and Mochiko's faces
developed a look of dread as Kim seemed relieved to be the fucker and no the
fucked. David had known all along that Kim would be the winner. He wanted to
watch this waifish girl fuck the others since the beginning. Strapping the dildo
onto her he ordered the other girls down on all fours in front of her which they
did with their incredible asses in the air and vulnerable pussies pointing back
at the dildo. David poured some KY jelly onto the head of the huge dildo and
ordered Kim to proceed. "Kim fuck these girls fast and hard or I will take this
dildo and fuck your ass with it myself! Do Mochiko first!" he snapped. Kim
positioned herself behind the Asian girl and pressed the dildo against her lips.
Pushing forward gently she entered her and then began to fuck her. "Harder.
Harder" David cried. Kim held the Asian girl's hips as she banged away into her.
The girl was moaning and shaking in fear as she was fucked by her fellow school
mate. David watched in fascination as the waifish girl fucked Mochiko like a
bitch. He stroked his cock harder. "Ok switch." Now Kim positioned herself
behind Suzanne and began to piston the huge strap on cock into the unwilling
blonde slave. Kim seemed to have a more contented look on her face as David
thought about how Kim seemed to especially liked to fuck Suzanne. He would have
to remember that. Suzanne grunted as Kim fucked her and David stroked his cock
watching the incredible scene of the sluty big titted blonde prick tease being
fucked from behind by another girl that he knew there was no other way to ever
see before for the average man. But now he could have his own shows whenever he
liked! Suzanne moaned involuntarily as Kim gripped her hips pulling her perfect
tan ass cheeks back on the large dildo again and again. "Ok Stop." David could
hold back no longer. His cock needed to cum. He needed to mate with these
bitches. This would definitely make them all his. He would use no protection
with these girls. If one became pregnant then she would just have to be
pregnant. Nothing was going to come between him and his pleasures. "Kim get on
all fours too." There on all fours in front of him were three of the finest
asses and pussies he had ever seen anywhere and they belonged to him now.
Kneeling behind Suzanne he entered her holding her hips and feeling that
incredible tan ass bucking against him. "Fuck me Suzanne! Come on ride my cock
with that fine ass now!" He felt her pushing her ass hard back against him. The
silky cheeks shuddering and shaking were amazing and he had never felt or seen
anything like this ever before. He had to stop before he came. He needed to have
all of them. He moved to Mochiko. Taking her long black hair in his hands like
reigns he pulled the Asian pussy onto his cock. It felt very tight and
incredibly soft and wet inside as the girl nervously bucked against him her soft
ass cheeks shuddering as he fucked her. "Come on Mochiko. Fuck me bitch now!" he
screamed. Suzanne was praying that she was not pregnant and knew that his
precome and some of his sperm was inside her. "Oh God. She thought to herself!
What if this creep makes me pregnant!?" Mochiko could not believe her plight.
"Why did I have to come here?! " she thought to herself. She too wondered if he
would ejaculate inside of her and impregnate her. She knew there was nothing she
could do now but obey him. Unable to take anymore of the tight grip Mochiko's
pussy was placing on his cock he moved to Kim knowing she had not been fucked
before. His cock now glistening with the other girls juices he reached beneath
her unstrapping the dildo and letting it fall he began to rub her clit as he
positioned his cock behind her. He pulled the muscular thighs back and her solid
ass cheeks hit his thighs. Her powerful pussy clenched his cock and after
several strokes he could hold back no more. "Come on fuck me bitch harder" he
screamed as she pushed her powerful ass back against him. "Girls sit up and put
your faces side by side now!" he commanded. He stroked his cock now in front of
them. "Stick your tongues out now do it!" and as he did he came like he had
never cummed before. Hot sticky ribbons of his cum he distributed across their
tongues and ordered them to keep their tongues out. Some of his come dripped
down their chins and off of their tongues settling on their breasts and running
down their tummies. Some of his misdirected cum was in their hair and eyes. "Now
french kiss each other now!" He watched in satisfaction his cock now lilting and
his body shaking in ecstasy as the young coeds french kissed swapping out his
cum amongst them as their tongues and lips wrestled each other in passionate
kisses. "Now ladies I want to watch while you eat each other out! Do it now!"
Ordering them to lie down in a daisy chain he watched in fascination as each
girl lapped at each others clits and pussies. Suzanne fearfully ate Kim out as
Kim ate Mochiko's Asian pussy and Mochiko ate Suzanne. He could see the girls
hips shuddering knowing that their bodies were feeling the pleasure that they
could not hide. All of the girls felt revolted as they licked each other tasting
the strange taste of another girl on each other's tongues. "Better get used to
eating each other out and sucking cock. You girls are now bi-sexual! He He He
He." he chorted. "No no no!" Suzanne thought. " I am not bisexual", as she
continued to shudder from the ministrations of Mochiko's tongue lapping at her
pussy. "Girls if you look over in the corner you will notice the video camera
that is filming you. This is my way of watching you when I am not here. It also
is going to guarantee that you will never tell anyone about this unless you want
me to sell them! he laughed. He sat back and taking the KY he began to stroke
his cock again to hardness. Soon he would be ready to take them again and again
and again. Maybe soon he would get up the nerve to invite one of his buddies to
enjoy his good fortunes and experience the ultimate pleasures that every man
deserves to experience. This was paradise he thought. Dreams can come true.

The End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





