BDSM Library - The Cabin in The Mountains




The Cabin in The Mountains
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He was invited by a gorgeous girl sent by his friend to join the slave training program.
 The Cabin in The Mountains


 It was a bright sunny day and Tim had decided to take a short trip up to 
Mt. Hood and spend the day walkin around and enjoying the summer day with a 
friend of his who lives on the mountain. It was about 9:30AM when he arrived 
at the bus stop at Snow Bunny Lodge. Looking around, he could see a few 
great looking lady walking back and forth. There was a Truck Stop next door 
to the store that was the bus stop. Tim thought he would drop in for an late 
breakfast since he had not eaten before he left home. As he walked into the 
dinner area of the Truck Stop he saw an empty table near the windows looking 
up the mountain. Tim sat down and looked out the window. He could not stop 
thinking to himself that he wished he had a friend to take this walk with, 
and he wished he could stay longer than just a day. The waitress came and 
took his order. Tim order a large breakfast because it may be several hours 
before he would get to eat again. It is so nice and quiet here that he may 
simply loose track of time once out in the woods, away from the hi-way and 
people around the lodge. Tim finished eating and sat back, just gazing at 
the mountain again. He hardly noticed when someone sat down beside him, but 
he did not notice a hand slide across his leg and come to rest on his cock. 
HE NOTICE THAT ALRIGHT! Tim jumped with the contact, and looking quickly to 
see what and who was doing it. Tim's eyes came to rest on a pair of the 
deepest blue eyes he had ever seen. They were so blue that he could not take 
his eyes from them. Then he heard a warm, soft, smiling voice ask, "How was 
your breakfast? You looking forward to lunch?" The soft voice was connected 
to the hand on his cock. She squeezed his cock just hard enough to make it 
jump to a hardness that Tim had not know for a long time. Forcing his eyes 
to move, he looked at the creature that had a death grip on one of the most 
important parts of his body. He saw that the place was almost empty and the 
hand belonged to a blonde haired girl in her late twenty's or very early 
thirty's. Large breasts, small waist, real nice hips and slim legs. She was 
covered by a tightly fitting pink jump suit that was unzipped from the neck 
just enough to show that the tightness of her outfit was not just for show. 
Her breasts were fighting to get out of the tight outfit. Tim tried to say 
something but the girl raised her other hand and placed it over his mouth. 
Then slowly she said, "I was told to pick you up and take you to my Master's 
Cabin!" Tim mind was spinning but word "MASTER" stopped his thoughts right 
in it's tracks. It scared him a bit but her hand had started rubbing his 
long shaft through his pants and it felt so good that he wanted to hear 
more. The girl did not say another word, after a few more rubs of his rock 
hard cock, she put her hand to his mouth and slip a finger into his mouth to 
play with his tongue lightly. Then she stood up and took Tim's hand in hers 
and pulled at him until he followed her. When he got up, she lead him to the 
door and on outside. There she put her arm around him and guided him to a 
small car in the parking lot. At the car Tim stopped, worrying about where 
this nameless girl was trying to take him. Tim asked, "Where are we going?" 
The girl simply opened the door and motioned him to sit down. Again Tim 
asked but with more demand! This time the girl said. "My Master drove down 
with me in another car and pointed you out, I was told to being you! He told 
me to use what ever it took to get you to the cabin. Master said that you 
would know who he was when you saw me and I told you that he was my Master." 
Tim thought for a moment and then a large grin came across his face and he 
climbed into the car seat quickly. The girl closed the door behind him, 
climbed in behind the wheel, started the car and wheeled out into the 
highway. Once they were moving she was quiet. Tim sat with a grin and hoping 
that this was not just a dream. After about 30 minutes the car slowed and 
turned onto a dirt road. She drove on for another mile, well out of sight of 
the highway behind. The girl then pulled the car to the side and stopped. 
She turned to Tim and asked him to wait here because she had to prepare 
herself before returning to the cabin. Tim's mind was racing with the words 
'prepare'. She then went to the back of the car and opened the truck. Tim 
tried to look but the open lid stopped him from seeing. She returned to the 
drivers seat and Tim about fell out of the car when he saw her! The pink 
jumpsuit was gone. She had a black lace bra and panties on, garter belts and 
old style stockings, black with bright red trim on the belts. Around her 
slender neck was a wide leather collar with four 1 inch rings on it (one on 
the front and back and one on each side). Around her wrists and ankles were 
leather bands with the same ring layout but the rings were only half the 
size of the collar rings. Tim's eyes were drawn to her nipples. Even with 
the bra on he saw that her nipples were large and hard. As she was getting 
into the car he noticed that she was walking a little stiff. Once she seemed 
to be comfortably back into her seat he ask if anything was wrong. The girl 
simple replied, "My training session is shortly after we arrive at the 
cabin, and Master was not happy with me yesterday. I am being punished for 
that, he will finish my punishment during my training." Tim said, 
"Punished??" questioning. "How are you being punished now, while we are in 
the car?" The girl lowered her head a little and said," I talked back and 
questioned my Master yesterday, after I realized what I had done, I begged 
his forgiveness by asking to be punished. So I am to wear a butt plug in my 
pussy and another one up my ass. When we are in town we are not to wear or 
do anything that will draw attention to ourselves. Most people do not 
understand how or why I am a slave". Tim's mind was flying at this point. He 
asked, "You have to wear them now?" She replied, "YES, and Master has not 
trained my ass yet so the plug is hurting me a little, but I am getting use 
to it." She continued, "Master also told me that I was to do what ever you 
ask of me, With Out Question, short of causing real harm to myself." His 
cock was ripping his zipper out of his pants at this point. She noticed the 
large outline and reached over and rubbed it. After a few strokes she ask if 
he wanted to be more comfortable. Tim said with a sigh in his voice, Yes. 
Again she pulled the car to a stop and went to the trunk. Returning with a 
light blue jogging outfit, she ask Tim to stand up. He climb out of the seat 
very carefully, his cock was so swollen his pants were causing a little pain 
as he moved. Tim started to undress but the girls hands stopped his. She 
moved his hands to his sides and started to unbutton his shirt. She said, 
"Here, you are my master too, we slaves dress and undress you, as long as 
that pleases you." With that the last button fell open. She pulled his shirt 
from him, folded it and placed it into the trunk. Next she rubbed his 
swollen cock and carefully un-zipped his pants. During the movement of the 
zipper she had to hold his cock back from the zipper. As his pants slid to 
his feet, she lifted each of his feet, one at a time, and placed the pants 
with the shirt. She then reached for his shorts, carefully working the tight 
cloth from over his manhood. His cock jumped out like a arrow from a bow. 
Swollen and a drop of cum hanging from the tip. The girl removed his shorts 
and then placing her hands behind his knees. Placing her cheek on one leg 
she licked and kissed her way up, slowly, Oh! so slowly, up his body toward 
the large cock swinging over her head. Tim was trying to think of something 
else, anything to keep from exploding on her head. After what seemed like 
hours, she reached his manhood. She kissed each of his large balls, licked 
around the cock base, gently biting at the shaft, being careful not to get 
to the throbbing cockhead to soon. Tim had dropped backward onto the side of 
the car so not to fall down. After she had soaked every inch of the shaft 
and balls, she then slowing placed her lips to the tip of his swollen cock 
and slid it into her lips until the head popped into her mouth. There she 
sucked and licked for awhile, she stopped when she felt him drawing close to 
cumming. She then pulled away and just held it until he calmed down a bit. 
Then started over again. Building him higher and higher until he thought his 
cock would explode, but again she made him wait. But that was the last 
time... She took it into her mouth again but this time she swallowed the 
whole cock down her throat, and held it deep in her. She sucked hard and Tim 
felt himself cumming like he had never came before. Waves and waves of his 
climax ran through him. After his cock had stopped force feeding her his 
cum, she slowly drew the cock from her throat, then mouth. She licked and 
kissed it, only stopped after the last drop was cleaned from his body. She 
had swallowed most of his cum, but she was making sure that Tim would not 
give a bad report to her Master, so she cleaned him well. Tim's legs were so 
weak that he almost fell due to being drained so well. She helped him back 
into the car and they continued to the cabin. The girl asked Tim very 
carefully, "I hope that was to your liking?" She was worried what Tim may 
say. Tim rolled his head around to look at her, but her eyes were straight 
ahead. She knew that she was not allowed to look him in the eyes. After a 
moment Tim simply said, "GREAT". The nameless girl was happier now knowing 
that her master would be please that she was able to make Tim happy. A few 
more minutes the car pulled around a small bend in the road and up ahead the 
cabin came into view. The setting was so peaceful. The sun, fresh air, trees 
all around. You could even hear birds singing as they pasted overhead. It 
was a large cabin. The garage set off to the left, creek running between the 
garage and cabin with a foot bridge to the deck that looked to run around 
the whole cabin. It almost did not look real, more like a large picture from 
one of those lady's home magazine's. But it was true and Tim knew that he 
was not going to have a plain day here. He just wished he knew more about 
'WHAT' was there for him. Never the less he was excited about being here. 
The girl pulled the car up to one of the garage doors as the door was 
opening, she parked the car inside. As they left the garage the door quietly 
closed behind them. The fresh air was almost sweet with the trees and wild 
flowers that made it a natural garden around the creek. The girl walked 
ahead of Tim as they crossed the foot bridge and stopped a few feet from the 
front door. Turning to Tim she pointed towards the door and said, "You are 
to go in and make yourself at home". She started to walk off to the side of 
the cabin. Tim stopped her and asked where she was going. She replied that 
the slaves could not use the front door, she would join him later. She then 
walked quickly away saying she would be late and disappeared down the side 
walkway. Tim slowly opened the door not knowing for sure what to expect. 
Inside Tim waited but no one showed to meet him. As he walked in a little 
farther, the front door closed and latched behind him. He turned to look 
back at the sound of the latch clicking. Standing still for a moment he 
could hear soft music coming from down the hall, there was no other sounds. 
So he slowing explored down the hall towards the sound. As he reached the 
doorway he heard what sounded like a small electric motor and moaning. 
Stepping into the room Tim froze in his tracks at what he found. His first 
view was toward the motor sound and moaning. There was a short haired girl 
in her early 20's. She was tied to a table top which was tilted downward so 
her feet were just off the floor. She was naked and rolling her head back 
and forth. There was something moving between her legs but Tim could not see 
it clearly. He moved closer and he saw a black box built into the table top 
and two shafts coming out of it, one above the other. Both shafts were 
pumping like pistons in and out of the girl. Looking closer he saw that both 
shafts had large dildos attached to them and they were fucking the girl's 
cunt and asshole at the same time. Tim saw a dial and a switch on the top of 
the black box. He was getting a hard-on again. He knew he just had to check 
out this 'Black Box'. First he moved the switch. The motor stopped and the 
shafts slowed to a stop. The girl's hips were moving as if trying to pull 
them back in so Tim turned it back on. The girl cried out as she burst into 
cumming as soon as the shafts pumped back in. He watched as the girl return 
to moaning then he turned the dial, first to the left, this slowed the 
shafts down, he heard the girl let out a little weak cry of disappointment. 
So Tim, afraid that he hurt the girl somehow, cranked the dial all the way 
to the right, going passed the half way setting he had found it in. The girl 
jumped almost to the point that her whole body was airborne but her bonds 
pulled her back, the shafts were pounding away at the girls ass and cunt. 
Tim jumped back because of the girls movements. The girls tits were bouncing 
with the pounding she was taking from the fucking inside her. She had her 
eyes closed tight and she screamed as she felt the building pressure inside 
her pussy and ass which was leading to a much wanted orgasm. Tim started to 
reach back to the dial but a hand stopped him. He turned, it was the blonde 
again. She told him not to slow it but to find the lever on the bottom and 
pull it. Tim was a little worried about the girl on the table being fucked 
to death. Slowly he search under the thundering machine and found the lever 
he had not seen before. He pulled it, and the lower shaft stopped for a 
second then started going in as the top one was coming out, they would 
reverse back and forth. The girls body tightened up and started grinding 
against the shafts that drove deep into her ass then into her cunt. Over and 
over. She was cumming and cumming. The girl was crying out for it to stop 
but then asking for it to go deeper. Tim watched her for at several minutes 
and this girl never once stop coming. Her pussy was lathered up so much from 
the pumping, it was hard to see her pussy. The machine was fucking her still 
when she fell back to the table, worn out by the plunging dildos, still 
working her two holes. The blonde girl said, "You can turn off the machine 
now, if you like". Tim slowly reach for the switch and turned the machine 
off. The girl moaned deeply and he could hear the girl say weakly, "Please, 
more?" He looked at the blonde and she shook her head no, then said, "Master 
would want her to rest now. She has to learned that she is to climax when 
being fucked and not try to fake it, so Master has her spend two, two hour 
sessions a day on this machine until she cums freely. You see most females 
do not know how to climax, some never do even get to their first orgasm. 
This Master trains us to be multi-orgasmic from even the simplest of 
contact. One slave was able to cum just by thinking about it, or on command! 
We all want to reach that level. Tim had not noticed with the show going on 
the table how the blonde was dressed. (Or undressed!) He stepped away from 
the table as he was listening and looking at the blonde. He was trying hard 
to pay attention to what she was saying. But it was hard with her naked but 
for the collar and bands, her large tits were standing out toward him. Her 
hard, golden brown nipples had small rings through them. There was a small 
chain running from the front ring on her collar down through the ring in her 
right nipple then through the left nipple ring and back to her collar. 
Looking over her sweet, loving body he noticed that her cunt lips were 
shaved bare and looked inviting. The blonde pulled at her chains and her 
nipples were tightly pulled upward. Tim watched her face and nipples waiting 
to see if she would hurt herself. But instead she showed signs of enjoying 
the tension on her nipples. She then asked him to check to make sure that 
her plugs were still in place. Tim thinking of what she told him in the car, 
grinned and said that he had better. She then sat him in a chair and then 
turned around and bent all the way over and grabbing her ankles. "Is my ass 
plug in place?" She asked. He could see the wide lip which kept it from 
going all the way inside of her. He took hold of it and she moaned a little. 
He then he pulled at it until it started to move. Her ass hole was sucking 
at it so hard that when he had it almost out, his fingers slipped and it 
slammed back into her ass tightly. She jumped a little, but said Thank You. 
Tim notice another rubber lip which was hidden by part of her pussy. When he 
reached for it, the blonde spread her feet farther without being told too. 
His hands played with her tight cunt lips and the plug. He noticed that the 
plug was stretching her hole and it was dripping wet. Her cunt juice ran 
freely over his hand. He played with it, rolling it over and over, her moans 
started coming more regularly. He started to work it out and back in. The 
girl was getting more excited and he wanted to help the girl into cumming, 
but she told him that she was not to cum. He stopped and let the plug settle 
back into her. The statement had caught him off guard a bit and he was 
afraid he may have done something wrong. Tim sat back a little disappointed, 
then he noticed that there were more than the two girls in this room. On the 
far wall was another girl in the shadows. She looked to be naked. She was 
hanging from the wrist straps coming from the wall and her feet barely 
reached the floor. The other girl was hanging from a hook on the ceiling, 
her feet were spread far apart by a bar attached to her ankles. Her feet 
were on the ground but her arms were pulled up tightly so that she could not 
move far, if at all. Tim got up and walked to the girl on the wall with the 
blonde behind him. The girl on the wall had dark hair, and she had clothes 
pins all over her body. One on each nipple with a ring around her tits made 
of cloths pins. There were several on her mid-section. One on each ear lobe. 
She has a ball gag in her mouth that was tied around her head. Looking her 
over he found that there were cloths pin everywhere. Several on her ass 
cheeks, and on the soft inside of her legs. Looking at her legs he saw the 
clips on her pussy clearly. Three on each cunt lip and one on her clit. He 
turned toward the blonde. She looked down and said without Tim saying a 
word, "She and the other girl had not done what they were told at one of the 
Training Sessions last night when the Master of this slave was here". Then 
turning toward the other girl, she went on to say, "This one even struck our 
Master twice." Tim did not know what to think then. Could who ever this 
friend of his be this savage? Or is it that savage? They seem to be taken 
care of even though these two are being punished. He then turned asking, 
"Does your master often leave the girls alone for long periods?" She 
answered, "He never really is gone", pointing to the cameras around the 
room. One was moving showing that someone was controlling it. He tried to 
ask another question, but she told him that he would have to wait for Master 
and that she had to be ready for him or she would be in trouble. With that 
she begged to be allowed to get ready. Tim simple said, "OK". The blonde 
walked to the other side of the room where a chair was and sat down. She 
picking up a chain which was on the floor beside the chair and attached it 
to one of the rings on her collar. Tim watched the blondes ass swing as she 
moved across the room and wished that his cock was in her instead of that 
butt plug, remembering how tightly her asshole sucked it back in. Just 
thinking about it made his cock jump up. His thoughts returned to the room 
and he turned to look at the girl hanging from the ceiling. She had a 
blindfold and a collar on, with a ball gag in her mouth. Her small tits 
nipples were standing up and they were also bright red. Then he noticed that 
there is a thin cord tied tightly around each nipple, making is stand out 
all the more. There were red strips on her stomach and tits, her ass was red 
and stripped. Looking closer, there was not to much skin that did not show 
strips. It was clear that she had be whipped. Her hairless cunt lips were 
red, so he looked closer to see if it had been whipped too. He held his 
breath but was excited when he saw the darker red strips covering her pussy 
lips. He saw a bright red button sticking out from between her cunt lips. 
Reaching to touch it the girl moaned hard into her gag and tried to pull 
away but couldn't. Tim looked closer, she may have been hurt badly, but what 
he found was a tight cord around her clit that made it swollen and stick out 
well beyond her cunt lips for the whip. Tim was so surprised by his find 
that he sat on the floor and with the girls feet held apart by the bar, it 
was with in easy reach to play with this little button he found. He touched 
it but this time the girl pushed into his touch. She started moaning and 
tried hard to grind against his touch. Tim was liking the way she reacted to 
him. He cupped her pussy in his hand and worked a finger into her. She 
moaned more and she was so wet that Tim was able to work three of his 
fingers into her without any problem at all. He was not listen to the 
footsteps coming up behind him. The steps stopped as Tim cupped the girls 
small tight ass in his hands and stuck his face into her cunt. He licked at 
the bright red button first slowly at first and then faster and faster. The 
girl started cumming and screaming into her gag. He kept sucking and licking 
the button until the girl weakened and limply hung from here bonds. Tim sat 
back to watch the girls body, her tits swung gently from side to side. Her 
nipples now were very bright red. Then Tim just about fainted when a voice 
from behind asked him if he enjoyed it. Spinning around on the floor he saw 
Me standing over him. He got up and said, "Tony! Are you the owner of these 
girls?" I replied, "NO! I do not own them. But they know they belong here, 
and I training them!" Tim wanted to ask more but I stopped him from speaking 
and guided him from the room to my office across the hall. In the office Tim 
looked at the wall of TV Monitors on one wall and the collection of whips, 
lashes, straps, chains, collars and other toys I have on the other wall. He 
asked me, "Have you been watching me all the time?" I told him that I watch 
everyone when they visit here for the first time. I needed to watch them to 
see how they were going to react to my girls. We talked more about what he 
had seen. Tim was concerned about the two that were already being punished 
in my play room. I told him that no girl here is unable to leave. They can 
go when ever they want, but also once they start into slave training they 
don't want to leave. Tim asked me about the blonde that picked him up. I 
informed him that she a slave and her training was well underway. She came 
to me from another Master for training but I wanted to keep her, Her Master 
would not be able to fill her needs because he was to young to fill the gap. 
Once in the play room there was another slave there which had removed the 
girl from the table and was helping her to leave the room. She was so weak 
from her ordeal on the fuck machine that she could barely walk. The blonde 
got down on her knees and lowered her head as I walked in. I stopped next to 
her and said, "You were almost good but you looked into his eyes and you 
know that is not allowed!" She fell across my feet with her tits crushed 
against the floor and my feet then she said, "Master, Please forgive me. I 
have disobeyed your rules and deserve to be whipped! Please allow me to feel 
the whip for you, or allow me to stand whatever punishment you desire". 
Looking at Tim, his eyes were wide and he could not believe his ears. Here 
was a loving looking girl, begging to be whipped! I pulled away from her and 
told her that I would deal with her later. She thanked me and quietly 
returned to her knees. Tim followed me to the girl on the wall. I told him 
that he was going to care for this one. Tim said, "What? I don't know what 
to do!" I told him he had to remove the clips from her body but he had to do 
it slowly and rub those areas back to life after they come off. He was 
grinning as he walked to the girl. Her eyes widened as he moved to her. 
First gently removed the clips one at a time from her legs as he did the 
girl screwed her eyes shut and tears ran down her face but she did not make 
a sound. He rubbed her legs until the bright red marks left by the clips 
dimmed. Then he worked his way around her, leaving the clips on her tits and 
nipples, and on her pussy. It took him an hour to get to the point when he 
was ready to work on her tits. I told him that he was to remove the ring of 
clips quickly from both tits and then rub both together. Which he did. The 
girl jerked around wildly. I told Tim not to worry because her Master wanted 
her punished just that way. On Tim moved, rubbing her tits and he was not in 
a hurry about that. Then he removed one of the nipple clips and gently 
sucked the swollen button of a nipple until the girl stopped moving and it 
was turning back to a normal color, then he removed the other one, and 
sucking on that nipple it the same way. At this point the girl was not able 
to tell the differences between the pain and pleasure. She was getting so 
wet that it ran down her leg in little streams. When he was the ready to 
remove the clips on her cunt she was grinding her hips trying to get 
something to contact her pussy. With each of the clips coming off her cunt 
lips she had a small orgasm, Tim was enjoying rubbing her pussy lips back to 
life. He looked at me when it came time to take the clip from her clit. I 
told he to treat it like he did the nipples. He simply touched the clip and 
she jumped and fell into another orgasm and screamed into her gag and 
screwed her eyes shut again from the pain/pleasure. She jumped again as Tim 
took her swollen clit between his lips and started sucking. It was only a 
few minutes before she was jumping and cumming so hard that she almost 
pulled the rings out of the wall. Once Tim had calmed her down and then 
comforted her for a short time, I told him to release her and take her to 
her room. He released her from the wall and then followed me out into the 
hall and into her room at the other end of the hall. He carried her all the 
way. I told him to fuck her ass if he wanted too, she would be leaving 
tonight late to return to her master. He grinned up at me and said that he 
would fuck her really good. I turned to go back to the play room. I had not 
gone far when I heard the girl cry out that she wanted him to pound her ass 
harder. As Tim was making use of her ass hole I released the other girl 
which had been whipped and took her to a sleeping room. In one monitor all I 
could see was Tim on his knees and the girl on her hands and knees. He was 
riding her like a cowboy would ride a new horse. But I am sure that the 
cowboy was not enjoying it as much as Tim was right now! The phone rang, it 
was the girl master of the girl Tim was with. He told me that she was to be 
made to cry and he wanted it on tape for his records. I told him that she 
had made it to that point and was ready to return to him. He would pick her 
up about midnight. I told him that I would have her locked in the garage and 
not to bother me since I am going to be sleeping. Tim had finished with the 
girl and had come into the office to use the sink to clean himself up. He 
was washing his cock as I finished on the phone. Karen (the blonde) had come 
into the room to help Tim cleanup. As she worked I gave her instructions on 
the girl being picked up tonight. I went to the Nancy, the girl that was 
whipped, she was still asleep. I watched her and worked on a game plan to 
use on her. After a moment I decided it was time to start. Reaching between 
her legs and grabbing her swollen clit, she jumped and screamed into her 
gag, but became quiet once she got a grip on were she was. I worked her clit 
over, pinching, rolling it hard between my fingers. She would jump but not a 
sound other than a deep swallow of air once in awhile. I moved to her 
nipples which were still tied up too. She again only moved and jumped as I 
squeezed them hard, she only lean away from the hardest pinches. Tim had 
moved to a nearby chair. Using a chain I attached her to a loose chain. She 
moved as I told her, But the look in her eyes told me that she had already 
made up her mind that she was going to remain proud. I told Tim to be ready 
to move, I needed to take her to my personal punishment room where I could 
work on her for day's if I need to. Her eyes widened a little but she 
regained herself once she noticed I was watching her. I tied her arms behind 
her and lead her from the playroom and into my office. I left her standing 
in front of my desk. I sat down behind it. She stood there with her head 
raised and almost smiling because of her pride. I acted as if I was busy and 
not watching her. She never moved for the first 15 minutes, then she shifted 
her feet a little and I raised my voice and said, "I did not tell you to 
move!" She jumped and stiffened up again. Her breast swaying gently and her 
nipples pointing out at me, very inviting, more so than the look on her 
face. I made her stand there for another 30 minutes, by then she was 
standing still, but I could tell that her mind was somewhere else. She did 
not notice me when I got out of my chair and walked quietly around to her 
and stood behind her. I looked at Tim, who was about to fall asleep on me. I 
nodded to him and he came back to life. As Tim was starting to get up, I 
reached around the girl and grabbed a tit in each hand, then tightly 
squeezed her tits until she pushed back against me as if trying to pull away 
from the twisting of her tits. I tightened up even more, she did not make a 
sound but her legs were bending, showing signs of the pain to her breasts. I 
loosened my grip and she stood up. When she was straight legged again, I 
grabbed her by the nipples and pinched them harder than I had her tits. She 
started to bend forward, then as if catching her self, she regained her 
footing. Even with the pain in her nipples she refused to weaken. It was 
very clear that the only reason she had weakened from the pressure of her 
breast was due to me surprising her. She was easily surprised and this I 
could use! I released her nipples and they where so hard now that I know she 
had enjoyed pleasure from the pain. It was time for her to move into my 
personal training room. She stood there where I left her, watching me from 
the corner of her eye. She was trying to act as if she did not care what I 
was doing. To the right of the fireplace was a panel that looked like a door 
that had no handle or knob. I pushed on it and the spring release popped it 
out enough for me to open it. Turning to the girl I ask, "What is your 
name?" in a hard voice. S he replied loudly and proudly, "Nancy!" With that 
I said, "Well Nancy, You are about to leave the world as you know it. Once 
you are inside my room your very life is mine. Your butt, asshole, pussy, 
and mouth are mine to use or do with as I please. YOU have no say in what I 
can or can't do. I have you for as long as it takes to TRAIN YOU!" With that 
I grabbed her arm and pushed her hard towards the dark opening. After almost 
falling she raised her head and started to enter the doorway. But she froze 
right at the doorway as if death its self had touched her. She did not say 
anything, but she did not have to. I knew what she saw and why she stopped 
so quickly. Tim too stopped when he got close enough to look inside. He 
gasped. I turned and silenced him before he could say anything. Giving a few 
moments for the sight ahead of both to sink into both their minds. I picked 
up the small whip from the edge of my desk and stepped back behind the girl. 
She still had her arms and hands tied tightly behind her back which made her 
breast stand out and upward. I grabbed her by the hair with one hand and 
with the other, brought the whip down sharply across her tits right at the 
edge of the nipples. She jumped off balance and I pushed her into the room 
still holding her by the hair. This room was my treasure room. This is were 
I kept my hand made toys and some older collectibles. What Nancy had seen 
that made her freeze in place. I keep an old electric chair just inside the 
door and it looks to be wired up and workable. This was done on purpose. 
Around the room there was several chairs and tables, each with it's own 
reason for being there. Each having a different way to hold or bind a body 
in all sort of ways to make them easier to work on. I forced Nancy to walk 
through the door and around all the items in the room. Once she had a good 
look around I pushed her to the back wall. There I had a simple pad on the 
floor and a large ring 5 feet up the wall with a heavy chain hanging from it 
to the floor. The locking steel collar on the end of the chian was clearly 
visable in the dim light. I forced Nancy down onto her knees on the pad and 
pushed her head against the wall. Holding her there with my body, I removed 
her leather collar and replaced it with the steel one. Once it was locked I 
released her, she rolled onto her butt and faced me. She was worried but 
tried not to show it. She Snapped, "You can't keep me here! I want to call 
my Master NOW!" I stood up and laughed at her demand. "Nancy! You bitch, you 
have no rights here. You belong to me and my little toys in this room. You 
will come to enjoy each one of them in time. It is all up to you." At that 
point I slapped her across her face hard enough to knock her to her side, 
but not so hard as to damage her. "I don't want to damage the bitches mouth. 
It maybe the only thing on her worthless body that works right" I said. 
Turning back toward the door, I took Tim by the arm and we left the room, 
closing the door as we left. Tim was asking a questions but was not waiting 
for answers and I let him talk while I adjusted the camera so I could watch 
Nancy without her knowing. Tim started to calm down and then he noticed what 
I was watching and he joined me watching her checking out her new world. She 
pulled at the chain and then the ring. Neither was very willing to give up 
and let her loose. Even in the dim light the camera could see her naked body 
as she moved around trying to find a way to get away. Her breasts were 
swaying with every movement. When she turned around to check the wall and 
the floor where it met the wall her ass was right into the camera. Tim said 
that he would love to barrow those holes for an evening. He laughed and I 
grinned. A pause of a few moments then I told him that if he returned next 
weekend that she would be ready for him. Tim then about the next step for 
this girl. I told him that I would step her training up as much as possible 
for the next few days. Using pain and pleasure as the teacher. Not letting 
her know what was comming next. Then I suggested that we have an early 
dinner and get started after that. I had Karen serve us on the deck, we 
talked about world events and things that had happened since the last time 
we had been together. Tim tried to change the subject back to the girl but I 
would change it back again. I wanted him to enjoy what was to come, so the 
less he knew, the better it will be. Before return to the cabin, the blonde 
cleared the table. When she was finished, I had her sit on the deck next to 
Tim's chair. She knew what I wanted her to do, she did it without further 
instructions. She slowly ran her hands over Tim and worked her way into his 
pants. She pulled and played with his cock until it was as hard as any of 
the trees around the cabin. She worked his pants off and then she slid under 
the chair and brought her face up in front of his hard cock. He slid down in 
the chair so that his cock entered her mouth and she hungrily sucked and 
licked at it. Tim's head was laying back, eyes closed. While he was busy 
with the blonde, I returned to my office to make a few phone calls. Once 
inside I still could hear the noises from the deck. I checked on Nancy again 
and she looked to be sleeping. Everything was going along fine at this 
point. So I cared for my office work because I knew I was going to be very 
busy later. Outside Tim had stopped her and placed her over the table, she 
was on her back with her legs over his shoulders and his cock deep inside 
her cunt. He was sucking on one nipple then the other. The blonde was not 
being quiet at all. She was rolling from one climax after another. And Tim 
was not done yet by any means. He remembered what she said about her ass 
being untrained and tight! He knew he had to have her tight young ass at 
least once. He stopped and turned her over, she tried to raise her ass so he 
could get back into her pussy, but he drove toward her asshole. His cockhead 
just barely made it past the tight ass ring before it stopped due to the 
tightness. The blonde screamed. It hurt like he was ripping her apart but 
she wanted more. Holding her tightly until her ass relaxed and as the strong 
tight hole would allow, he pushed deeper. She screamed into her hands with 
the advance from the cock in her ass. It burned and hurt but she knew that 
she had to take it, and take it all. So she forced her ass to relax and push 
back onto the swollen cock. His cock was half way in and he tried gently to 
push the rest in but it was not moving, #They knew what had to do be done. 
He pulled her up into his arms and kissed her below the ear and she said to 
him, "Do it, One Strong Push! Do it." She lowered her head back to the table 
top, and then took the table cloth and rolled it into a small ball and took 
it between her teeth and forced her ass to relax as much as she could. She 
could feel Tim's reluctance so she slowly reached back and taking one of 
Tim's ass cheeks in each hand, she firmly gripped them and place her finger 
nails so Tim knew that she meant for him to take her ass. Tim grabbed her by 
the tits and tightened his grip. Then he just stood there. The girl knew 
that he did not want to hurt her and she would have to start him. With one 
strong pull she dug her nails into his ass and pulled him into her as hard 
as she could. Tim responded by snapping himself forward and his cock 
disappeared into her ass. Her ass tightened around his shaft and was not 
going to let go. He thought for a moment that her ass was going to rip his 
cock off. She screamed one long scream into her gag. When she release Tim's 
ass cheeks, they had little drops of blood from her nails. She though she 
would die from the pain, but as her ass relaxed, the pain calmed down a 
little. Tim slowly started working his cock back out of her ass. Then just 
as the cock head reached the opening, he drove it back in. After a few slow 
strokes he started to speed up, faster and faster. The girl at first was 
fighting back more screams of pain but after a while she found herself 
letting out moans of pleasure, and she started to pump back and forth. 
Trying to pull more and more of the painful delightful of his shaft. She had 
no idea how Great Pain would turn to such Pleasure and she started cumming 
again. They pumped against each other until they were so tired that they 
fell together against the table. They rested until Tim's cock went limp and 
fell from her well used hole. She felt like her ass was empty and wanting 
more but she was too tired to do anything about it. It was getting late when 
they finally started to move. I saw that they were moving on the monitor so 
I joined them on the deck. Karen had a bucket of hot water and was bathing 
Tim at the table. He was not complaining either. I told the girl to take Tim 
home and made arrangements for Tim to return next weekend. After saying good 
bye I headed back inside. The two dressed for the trip and left quietly. I 
turn my thoughts back to Nancy. Going to the kitchen I put together dinner 
plates for Nancy and Peggy. While their training was in the early stages 
they would not be allowed to eat at the main table. After pouring two 
glasses of wine I took Peggy's to her, she was being very quiet. Leaving the 
plate and glass next to her, I left her sleeping room. Taking Nancy's and my 
plates and glasses, I stopped as I entered my office to check the monitors. 
From the monitor I could see that she was still sleeping. Upon entering the 
training room, I,saw her feet were near two of the rings in the floor. 
Setting her dinner beside her, I carefully moved her legs so that her feet 
were next to the rings. I then locked cuffs from those rings around her 
ankles holding them about 3 feet apart. Then I woke her up by grabbing her 
by the hair and pulling her up to a sitting position. She fought a little 
but stopped as soon as she was awake enough to see where she was. She went 
right back to that proud smirk on her face. This is what I had to break 
before she would even come close to being a good slave. Looking at her feet 
when she felt they were not able to move, she took her neck chain in one 
hand and looked at me. I told her that she was to be chained or strapped 
down at all times, and not to expect anything else. Nancy did not say a 
word. I stood over her for a moment and looked at her long slender legs, 
then the sweet curve of her hips and the way it curved around to the flat 
belly and the bare cunt lips which were just peeking out enough to be seen. 
Her breast with their golden tips, lifting and then falling back gently with 
her breath. I pointed to the plate and glass that was within her reach and 
turned and left her alone again. Once in my office I left a message on my 
desk for the Karen to find when she returned. In the message were my orders 
to be carried out before I awoke in the morning. These were things like what 
food to have ready for meals through the day, clothing requirements for the 
slaves during the day, equipment and toys that needed to be cleaned or moved 
for use. And this night there was one more thing that had to done. The 
message read "Feed and Bath Nancy before Day Break! She is to be chained to 
the rooms center eyebolt above the turntable for me. Hands overhead! Feet 
loose!" Now it was time for me to relax and get some rest. I bathed and went 
to bed for the next morning was going to be very busy. The alarm clock went 
off at 6:30 and hitting the snooze bar stopped the buzzer giving me another 
10 minutes to open my eyes. When I did open my eyes Karen was standing there 
with my breakfast. "Good Morning Master" she said. I nodded as I sat up. She 
set the tray on the table beside the bed. She then helped me to dress for 
the day. She was naked but for the collar and apron. It was heartwarming 
every morning to watch her little ass as she left the room. At the door she 
said. "Master, Your wishes were carried out last night and this morning. 
Nancy is ready for you". Entering my office I checked all the monitors. 
Karen was in the playroom with the other, Peggy was getting her morning 
lashing as I had ordered. Karen had the girl tied down over one of the 
overstuffed chair backs with her head in the seat cushion which left her 
feet hanging about 10 to 12 inches off the floor. Her hands were drawn out 
tight and tied to the front feet of the chair and her ankles were tied to 
the back feet. I had allowed Karen to pick whatever position for the slave 
but it had to be different each day. Yesterday she simply had her tied to 
the ceiling by her hands and let her move and jump with the whip. When tied 
to the chair as she was, her ass was pointed toward the ceiling and her 
pussy was open to a whipping too. Karen was starting with the light duster, 
this whip was more for sensitive than pain, when it struck it would be like 
very light bee stings and feathers hitting at the same time. Karen raised 
the duster and brought it down on the girls back first and she tried to move 
away from the stings and cried out. But the bonds would not allow her to 
move away. Again it hit her back. Then Karen moved to her ass, from the way 
the girl was tied down Karen was able to walk around her and strike from any 
side and at any body part which was open. She whipped her ass over and over, 
the girl was jumping and pulling hard on her bonds to escape. Her eyes were 
damp but no tears yet and she was not making a sound now. Her ass was 
glowing a little pink. So Karen moved so that she was just off to one side 
and in front of the chair. From this position, the whip would land across 
the ass hole and the tips of the whip coming to rest on her pussy. Karen 
started slowly and the girl cried out as she felt the duster bite both 
holes. It hurt, the first real hurt she had felt from the duster. Karen 
speeded up, her arm was flying now. Karen had a funny lost look on her face 
as the girl started to get used to this. I could tell she did not know what 
to do, and I had ordered her to make her cry hard before stopping. Knowing I 
may have been watching, so she looked around the play room until she saw the 
CAT- O-NINE TAILS hanging near her on the wall. She reached for it with one 
hand while the other never lost a stroke with the duster. She stopped using 
the duster suddenly. Peggy moaned and relaxed, she must have thought it was 
over and Karen waited until the girl had relaxed and was breathing softly. 
Then without warning, she dropped the cat across her ass and the tips dug 
into the girl pussy lips. The girl felt like her ass flesh had been torn 
open and her pussy lips were ripped off her body. Her body tensed up hard 
and stayed that way. She burst into tears and screamed hard. Circling her 
again and whipped her back, legs, ass, and pussy. She avoided her head so 
not to cause damage which she would be made to pay for any damage if any. 
The girl was crying hard with each blow, and Karen wanted to stop but she 
remembered her first training. She knew the girl had to learn pain and feel 
it turn to pleasure before she could advance even a little. So on she went 
with the whipping. Karen was getting wet just thinking back to when she had 
gone through this stage. Only when the girl had stopped jumping with each 
blow did Karen slow down and finally stop. She left the girl to rest for a 
few moments and got the creme for her sore reddened body. The girls butt, 
pussy, legs and back were covered with red strips left by the cat. Karen 
using the creme, the girl screamed loudly and was fighting the bonds again 
as the creme was being rubbed into her ass. Peggy, feeling the cool creme on 
her burnt skin stopped fighting and started moaning. When Karen had covered 
her ass and back she then moved to her legs. Starting low and working her 
way up to her pussy. Once at the girls pussy, She took a handful of creme 
and pressed it against her burning cunt lips. The she pushed a small amount 
into her hole and rubbed in slow long stroke in and out of her pussy. The 
girl was moaning loudly and grinding her hips into the chair back. Peggy was 
starting to cum and Karen was cumming too. Karen was living her first steps 
through her. Karen had more plans for this NEW SLAVE! She moved her to the 
couch and had her lay on her back and then Karen got above her and 
positioned her own pussy over the girls face, the girl looked up through 
tired eyes to see a cunt over her. She opened her mouth pushed her tongue 
out to meet this hot piece of flesh which was lowering slowing to her mouth. 
I watched as Karen and the girl climaxed several more times and they showed 
no signs of stopping. Knowing that those two would keep each other busy for 
awhile I turned to get Nancy's day started. Nancy was standing on both feet 
on top of the turntable in the middle of the floor, her arms stretched above 
her to the ring above. Karen had done her hair so that it was up away from 
her shoulders so that it would not be in the way for what ever I had wanted 
to do. Nancy snapped, "I hate my hair this way, and Breakfast was cold!" I 
grinned at her and said, "Well you are welcome! It was cold because you are 
going to be hot enough today without adding heat from other sources". Nancy 
just swung her head aside and said something under her breath. I acted as if 
I was not interested enough to hear. Picking up a ball gag and a large 
dildo, I walked toward her. She acted as if she did not hear me coming. So I 
grabbed one nipple and twisted it hard. Nancy's face contorted, but she 
would not allow herself to scream out against the pain. I held her nipple in 
a twist for a few moments before I released it. She stood back up and acted 
as if she did not care. I took hold of her hair and twisted her face around 
to me. I pushed the ball gag into her mouth and she tried to push it out as 
I tied it, but it was held securely in her mouth. I held up the dildo, and 
told her that her master wants her to learn how to show her female feelings, 
but I wasn't going to even watch for that for the first three to four days, 
because she had upset me and she needed to pay for that. I positioned the 
dildo at her cunt lips and she did not even try to move away. She was dry, I 
worked the tip between her lips. When I located the hole hidden inside, I 
shove hard. She screamed into her gag, and her head rolled around but I did 
not pay attention to her. Once the dildo was in placed I worked it in and 
out of her until she was wet. Then pushing it in until she reeled from it 
hitting bottom, I left it there and got a cord. I wrapped the cord around 
her waist and brought the loose end from her back, down under her pussy and 
up to the front. I ran it through the front loop, then pulled the cord tight 
into both cracks. It pushed the dildo all the way into her front hole and 
hurt as she felt the tip try to rip the bottom out of her. Now it was time 
to work on her tits. I had several thoughts of what to do with these large 
treasures. Tieing them up, TIGHT, sounded good. Taking a piece of quarter 
inch cord, I started to wrap it around her right tit at the base. As large 
as her tits were, the cord had no problem holding its place. Around the tit 
went the cord, biting into her tit flesh, the more wraps, the tighter the 
skin around the nipple was from the swelling pressure. I was able to wrap 
all but the last 2 inches of tit, her nipple had never been harder. Her tit 
was drawn so tight that it looked as if it was going to burst from the 
pressure. I lightly squeezed her swollen nipple and her eyes told me that 
her tit was foremost on her mind ! After wrapping the other tit the same 
way, she was twisting around and trying to pull away from her bonds. I took 
a vibrator and turned it on, her eyes widened. I touched her nipple with it 
and she screamed into her gag. Her nipples had gone numb from the pressure 
which had swollen them to almost bursting. The Vibrator was waking them up 
and it felt good but at the same time there was pain. Nancy felt herself 
getting wetter and she felt the pain but the pleasure was overriding the 
pain.




 The Cabin
 Part 2

 She stopped fighting against her bonds and the vibrator. As the vibrator 
moved from nipple to nipple, she tried to follow it to keep it on her 
nipple. Her tit flesh was turn a pretty color of dark red at this point and 
they were so sensitive that her cunt juice would run down her legs at the 
lightest of touch. I allowed her to be teased with the vibrator for a few 
more minutes. By now, her breasts were swollen hard as rock under their 
wraps and turning darker red, almost purple. Her nipples were dark purple 
now from the pressure of the flesh being pushed under it. I let her hang 
while I opened the chest near by and pulled two whips from it. One was the 
older styled riding crop with a small flap of leather on the tip, the other 
was one that I made for those little hard to reach areas. It was made of 
treated leather, which made it fell soft to touch but still had a serious 
bite if used right. The leather was 14 inches long, rolled around a 7 inch 
wooden handle. The 7 inches left at the end was cut into half inch strips, 
it looked like a small cat-o- nine. It only had 8 'tails', and not made to 
cut. Laying them were she could see them, I ran a chain from another ceiling 
ring located behind and to her left, I attached it to her left ankle. I then 
attached a chain from a ring on her right side to her right ankle. The other 
ends of the two chains were run to a small winch on the wall behind her. As 
the handle of the winch turned, the chains tightened and pulled at her feet. 
Stopping at that point, I lowered her arms. I then took a harness from the 
wall and fitted the large strap around her just under her breasts. Two 
smaller straps that were fastened to a large ring in the middle of the front 
went up between her tits and over each shoulder to a lock on each side. 
There were rings on the back and sides of the large belt and rings on top of 
the shoulder straps. Using leather cuffs, I locked her hands high to the 
back ring. Two other ceiling chains were attached to the shoulder rings. 
These chains were fixed to another winch beside the first winch. this way I 
could raise or lower either one or both. Going to the shoulder winch, I 
turned the handle to tighten the shoulder chains. Her bound tits looked 
larger than ever and she was completely unable to stop me from having fun 
with her body. Again I turned the handle of the foot winch and she rocked 
and fell against the shoulder chains. Her feet were pulled out from under 
her, her legs bend back and upward, her tits turned toward the floor. As I 
raised her, her cunt came into view and opened up wide as the chains pulled 
her feet higher and wider apart. Supported this way, her body lay flat with 
legs bent at the knees. Her feet were up above her shoulders, giving me 
access to every hole she had. They all were going to be used today. Locking 
the winch, I picked up the little whip. I circled her, waving it in front of 
me as I walked. Her eyes were wild with fear, and well they should be. She 
knew that the whip was not simply for looks. She looked around for anything 
that may help, but of course, there was no way out or help for her. Softly I 
slide the whip over her, starting at her neck, then over her tied wrists, 
from side to side on her back for a moment. I then traced the wide open 
crack of her ass, then up one leg and then down the other. She moaned at the 
touch, I think she knew that she had better enjoy it while she could because 
it would not be soft for long. Letting the leather of the whip fall from her 
ass crack and brush against her open and very well exposed pussy made her 
moan louder. I untied the cord around her hips which held the dildo in her 
cunt making it available for my use as well. I slowly remove the dildo until 
just the head was inside of her, then I quickly shoved it deep into her 
again. Nancy jumped from the invasion but was moaning and pushed back as 
best she could to get more. I liked the way she responded to the single 
thrust of the rubber dick and that gave me an Idea. There was a machine by 
the window that would be put to good use on this slave. Wheeling it from the 
window, I brought it between her spread legs and uncovered it. The machine 
did not look like much. Just a tall box with a door on one side and a top 
which came off. The machine was filled with attachments. I lowered her to 
the top of the box, then I open it and started to put it together. The slave 
is the main part of this machine. A shaft was attached to the front side 
that reach under her to a belt that went around her waist. Then a lever and 
shaft was raised between her thighs, the end of the shaft was designed to 
hold several different attachments. A 'V' bar stood up from the top that has 
straps to wrap around her thighs. She was held very securely, she could not 
move. I attached a soft rubber prick to the shaft between her legs and 
adjusted it to just touch her pussy. On the lower shaft I attached a roller 
like device that would run along the bar from the box to her body. On the 
roller went a wheel. It was a whip wheel that would run automatically, 
making the victim's life miserable. Her cunt lips were open, but still 
closed enough to be in the way for my plans. For this there were clothes pin 
type clips with one inch wide jaws made for holding pussies open or closed. 
I locked one on each lip, and with a spring bar that snaps to one then was 
flexed and snaps to the other. This arrangement spread cunt lips as wide as 
they could be spread. A spring applies force to hold them open. Nancy was 
trying to move but she quickly found she could not move her lower body after 
the thigh straps were tightened. I plugged in the power cord from the box. I 
then backed away to look at all of it. She was completely helpless hanging 
there strapped to my machine. She was looking at me and her eyes showed that 
she was trying to prepare for what was coming, but they also showed a little 
fear because she was learning that I had toys that she knew nothing of and I 
was going to use them. Nancy's breasts were a deep rich purple color now. 
When I rubbed them and she hardly felt my hand, it was time to remove the 
bonds. If her breasts stayed bound much longer I would not be able to use 
them next time because they would take to much time to heal. Pulling a chair 
up to her and sitting down I loosened the right tit first. Nancy bit hard 
into her gag as the blood rushed into her swollen tit. The cord had left 
deep marks on it, as the last wrap of cord fell away I took the tit in my 
hands and rubbed it. The attention to her breast made her scream into her 
gag, but it made it return to life quickly. Reaching for the other Nancy 
shook her head and yelled into her gag, trying to stop me but I went on. 
Again she screamed and threw her head around from the rush of pain. The 
returning blood to her breasts made them feel warm to the touch but they 
were on fire to her. She had her eyes screwed shut and biting her gag almost 
in two. I wanted her to feel the bite of the cord but I spent so much time 
on fixing her to the machine, the bonds on her tits had stayed on almost too 
long. No real damage was done and she will get use to bond breasts by the 
end of the week. After another 10 minutes her breasts were almost back to 
normal. It was time to get on with it. Walking around her again I had forgot 
all about her ass, sweet ass that it is, it needed to be filled too. One 
more hose was brought out and a very special attachment was placed on it. It 
was thin, only 1 inch thick, but there were three rings on it which could be 
inflated to several times its size once in a body opening. Her pussy was 
still wet, almost dripping. I ran the thin tip in and out of her to wet it. 
Then placing it against her ass hole, I shoved it in all the way. I asked 
her if she liked the plug in her ass. Her eyes showed me that she was not 
impressed with the small filling. She did not know what that 'Little toy' in 
her ass could do yet. Turning the machine on, made it hum softly. I moved 
the prick to her cunt hole and pushed it just inside, she tried to tighten 
up to stop it but she could not close her cunt that much. Switching it on, 
the shaft on the prick started slowly to fuck her. A few more adjustments 
made it drive deep into her until all 10 inches were working in and out. 
Nancy was jumping each time the dick hit bottom. I set it to slowly increase 
in speed and left it to work on its own. When she started to show signs of 
getting use to the pounding she was getting up her cunt, it was time to 
awaken her with the little surprise I had placed in her ass. Returning to 
the box I switched on the hot oil pump and started turning the regulator. 
The Plug in her ass was made to fill the tip first, then the small bottom 
tube next. The second tube locked the device against the ring muscle of her 
ass hole. As I turned the valve the tip started to swell up, it would grow 
to 2 inches wide, the bottom ring will grow to 1 1/2 inches around. It would 
then stop until the valve was opened more. I moved to watch her face as I 
opened the valve. When she felt it, the first look on her face was a little 
shocked, as if something had touched her in the ass. No real reaction, but 
she knew something was happening. She could feel the pressure against the 
outside of her ass hole from the bottom ring, and the pressure from ball 
swollen inside her. No real pain just pressure, because the tightest part is 
the ass ring, and this is what this little toy is made to loosen up. She 
started to grind her hips (as best she could) because the machine was 
feeling great to her after the workover her tits had taken. I opened the 
valve a little more, which would make the tip swell to almost three inches 
and cause her a lot of concern, the middle one would grow just enough to put 
pressure on the ring. Nancy face took on a real look of fear. She felt 
something growing in her ass and she did not know what it was. As the valve 
open so did her ass! Slowly it opened, placing more and more pressure inside 
her ass. This made the prick pumping her tighter and tighter because it had 
to push past the growing bubble in her butt passage. She was bitting into 
her gag again when the valve hit the full open mark. Her ass at this point 
had a ball 3 1/2 inches in diameter up her ass, the ring was now 2 1/2 
inches in diameter. She could not see what was going on behind her, she 
thought that somehow I was putting my fist up her ass. She couldn't stop the 
pain growing in her ass, burning and tearing her ass hole right out of her. 
I asked her if she liked the 'little toy' in her ass yet. She was rolling 
her head and pulling at her bonds. I push the chair away from her a bit and 
sat down and watched her. Her breast were swinging freely from side to side 
and back and forth with her twisting, but she was only able to move her 
shoulders, the position and the bonds to the machine held her lower body in 
place. The machine was moving as fast as it goes, and it was pounding hard 
enough to rock her. Her tits were swinging and her nipples were hard again, 
the marks from the cords were gone and her skin color was normal. From my 
pocket I pulled two adjustable clamps, the type used on rubber tubing. I 
moved forward and took a breast in my hand. I felt the soft warmth of it, 
then I placed the first clamp on her nipple. I turned the screw to tighten 
it up and flattened the nipple, she had not even noticed it. Taking the 
other breast and attached the other clamp to it, I tightened it until it was 
secure on the nipple. Her nipples looked good. With the silver shine from 
the nipple clamps, her nipple tips sticking out of them. Checking her eyes 
again I could tell that she had climaxed and was on her way to another. 
Checking on the machine, her pussy was starting to dry a bit, a little KY 
Jelly rubbed onto the prick fixed that problem. The gauge on the ass pump, 
showed that the ball in her ass was up to 4 1/2 inches in diameter, the 
tight ass ring muscle was stretched out to over 3 1/2 inches. I turned the 
valve down to half setting and turned on the pulsing pump, which would pump 
the ass plugs up and down, This pumping action would feel like she was being 
fucked in the ass. Returning to her nipples I turned the screws tighter and 
tighter, when they were almost as tight as they would go she opened her eyes 
and looked into mine. She was not feeling anything but her whole body 
cumming. She didn't even know the clips were added. At this point her mind 
was not working, her body was calling the shots now, and it was not worried 
about just one or two body parts. I set the machine for one hour and sat 
down to watch her. She was floating from orgasm to orgasm, after only 10 
minutes she was on one long climax and was not stopping. She was cumming 
when the timer ran out and shut down. Slowly, her head stopped rolling 
around and hung down loosely. She fell asleep hang there, it had worn her 
out. She didn't even move as I removed the prick from her pussy, or the toy 
from her asshole. I had never used the lower wheel. But I was going to use 
it later after she woke up. I left her there and went to my office after 
freeing her nipples from the clamps. I had several calls to make. When Karen 
brought in my lunch, I asked her about the other girl. She told me about the 
whipping and the love play they had together afterward. She then had the 
girl dress in a light dress and put her into the garden for the day. As she 
reported the happenings, I ate and took notes on Peggy's reactions. I also 
making notes on Nancy's morning. Karen asked to speak freely with me, I told 
her she could. She got to her knees and said, "Master you may do as you 
please with me, but I must talk to you about something that is bothering 
me!" Looking at the monitor and as I turned giving her permission to speak, 
I checked on Nancy, she was still sleeping. And Karen started talking after 
taking a long breath. She started by telling me that Tim wanted to spend the 
whole weekend with her and he asked her to ask me. She went on and told me 
about the drive to take him home and that they stopped twice to fucked each 
other. I listened as she told me that she liked fucking Tim but was afraid 
that he may make more out of it and try to take her from me. With that she 
rested back onto her knees and lowered her head. Knowing what she was 
worried about, I simply told her that I would think about it and let her 
know before the weekend. From the monitor I heard noise from Nancy. She was 
awake and looking around testing her bonds. I gave Karen a few chores to do, 
then returned to Nancy. She was very pretty hanging there, with her tits 
hanging there in all their glory, and her legs attached to the machine. I 
attached a special wheel to the lower shaft. This wheel was made to spin and 
from the wheel there was one strip of fine leather which stood off from the 
wheel by three inches. Made it perfect for beating 'small parts'. Adjusting 
it to with in range of that little button of her clit, I turned it with my 
hand once and the tip of the leather struck her clit and Nancy jerked at the 
light brush of leather she felt. She turned her head to look at me but could 
not move that far, I told her that she had enough pleasure for the day, now 
she had to pay for her behavior. I walk back to the switch and turned it on. 
The wheel started spinning and she jumped, trying to get away from it, but 
she could not. The wheel was set to hit her 45 times a minute and away it 
went. She was screaming into her gag, jerking and twisting. Her ass was 
still sore from its re-sizing. Taking the riding crop, I started by brushing 
her nipples lightly, then harder until she was twisting her shoulders to 
avoid the hot sting of the crop on her nipples. Staying with her nipples for 
the most part, but at different times I would slap her ass cheeks a few 
times then her thighs, or her belly, then back to her nipples. The wheel was 
beating her clit and she was feeling hot burning fire from it. She thought 
it would burst into flames at any minute. Her whole body started to feel the 
fire from her cunt. Spreading inch by inch, the longer the beating went on, 
the more of her body was on fire. The wheel burning into her clit and the 
riding crop striking all over, she never knew where next. She was slipping 
into another world again. It confused her, where Pain and Pleasure were the 
same. She realized that she was getting wet from all the mixed feelings. Her 
Master had never taken her this far before, with him it was either pain or 
pleasure, once in awhile the pleasure would cause some pain but they were 
different. Now her body was starting to get pleasure from both. It did not 
seem to her that her mind cared. Pain or Pleasure, one and the same. She 
knew that her body wanted more. With this thought running around her mind 
she slipped away into a world of senses and a flood of feelings. She had 
lost touch and fainted from all the strange feelings she was experiencing. 
Turning the machine off I released her from the machine, then from the 
chains. Carrying her to one of the various work tables in the room. I put 
her collar back on and attached her to a 5 ft chain and left her to rest and 
come back to life. I checked her pussy for damage. Her clit was bright red 
but not bruised. I put a little creme on it to help cool it down and she 
moaned under her breath. She did not know I was there but her body was 
responding to the touch. Her behavior may not have been changed yet, but her 
body was starting to work against her and I was happy with that for the 
first day. Karen had joined me and She asked if she should go ahead with the 
other girls training this afternoon. I told her to go ahead, I was going to 
join her later. I want to rest myself, I needed to plan carefully for 
Nancy's next step. She needed to learn that her body can and will take 
command over her will. I had caused her to reach the point now where her 
growing body's needs were creating a strong conflict of feelings and her 
will was weakening. The next step was to drive her into a orgasmic faint. 
This is where her mind has had enough to simply shut down because the body 
has taken over. If I was reading her body right, she just jumped ahead in 
training, that was a good sign but it still it may have been only a one time 
reaction. I don't think it will take the whole week to break her to a 
training level where I wanted her. Tomorrow will tell, I turned my mind 
toward the other girl that Karen was working on in the playroom. I left the 
office and entering the play room. Karen had her tied upside down with her 
feet and hands spread apart and tied. She was using a duster that was made 
of long horse hair, it was light and airy. It stung but hitting as hard as 
you could would not leave a mark at all. Karen was holding it in one hand 
and swinging it in a circle so that it would fall on the poor girls open 
pussy. She was throwing her head back and forth, begging to have it stop, 
tears were running down her face. I took the duster from Karen and had her 
put on the Leather paddle gloves. These were gloves with fingers so you 
could grab and pull but from the palm there was a flap of leather so you 
could paddle the victim. Karen did not need to be told what to do with them, 
she had felt these before. She really wanted to share the feeling that she 
remembered. She started by rubbing the gloves up and down her sides and then 
her legs and feet then down her body again to her arms. Back and forth, all 
the time I was still whipping her pussy with the duster. I let her rub the 
girl for a few minutes, then I dropped the duster and picked up a riding 
crop. Karen saw me with the crop and she started slapping her tits softly at 
first, first one then the other, then a little harder. I watched the girl, 
when she showed signs of getting use to what Karen was doing I raised the 
crop and dropped it hard across her ass. She screamed and jerked around from 
the fire that burst on both her cheeks. A nice red line swelled up across 
her ass almost as fast as the crop had hit. I dropped it again and she 
jerked and cried out again. Another red mark a inch above the last. Karen 
had taken one glove off and gotten a dildo. She was fitting it into the girl 
as the third red mark was being made. Karen was surprised that as the girl 
jumped her pussy had all but sucked her hand inside with the dildo. I raised 
the crop and dropped it until there was twelve red swollen lines across her 
ass. Karen was working the prick in and out, and still paddling Peggy's 
tits. The girl would scream with the crop then moan with the prick in her 
pussy. Changing from the crop to a whip with one 22 inch strip of leather, I 
started wrapping it around the girls tits, her screams renewed. She jerked 
and pulled at her bonds, but they held her firmly in place. Her tits were 
turning a rich pink color. The whip was not heavy so no damage could come 
from it but it would color skin very nicely. The pain was more of a bad 
sting than real hard pain. But it was one I knew she wouldn't simply be able 
to get use to it. Karen asked if she could use the small point whip on her, 
I nodded my approval. Karen removed the dildo, drop it and picked up the 
point whip. This whip is just a stiffer single thin strip of leather that 
had two points cut into the end. It was for use on small things like pussy 
lips, clits, nipples, etc. Karen took hold of one cunt lip and pulled it 
hard to the side, which opened her hole up well enough to use the whip. She 
started spanking her clit and Peggy went wild, pulling hard on her wrists 
and ankles but no good, she had to stay and take it. With her tits and cunt 
being whipped, the victim was screaming and crying and begging for the 
beating to stop. I told her that she should be thanking me for the time I am 
wasting on her. I whipped her tits harder. Her nipples were taking the 
beating too, they were getting so hard that they seem to be waiting for the 
next blow. Her small tits were bouncing from all the jerking and pulling she 
was trying to do. We worked on the girl until I was getting worried about if 
she really understood what was expected from her. I was almost to the point 
of stopping so not to hurt her. She burst forward with a statement, between 
the blows. "MASTER! Please beat me! I deserve it! I have been so self 
concerned, not thinking of others, just myself! Teach me to think of other 
Please, MASTER!" Then she said thank you after each blow that fell from 
either my whip on her tits, or the whipping her clit was taking. Slowing the 
swing of my arm and Karen following my lead, after stopping we let her hang. 
After about 5 minutes her crying had stopped and she was breathing slowly 
and moaning quietly. Karen lowered her to the ground and I released the 
cuffs on her ankles and then her wrists. She lay at my feet for a moment, 
then she just rolled over and around my feet and started to kiss my ankles 
and feet. She was saying, "Thank You Master, I hope you were made happy, for 
my happiness is only filled when you are happy!" Telling her that I was 
proud of her, I gently pushed her from my feet and walked away from her. I 
told Karen to clean her up and chain her to her bed for the night. She was 
then to clean Nancy up and chain her in her room. (Slaves rooms have a bed, 
shower, bath, and toilet arranged so someone chained to the bed could reach 
everything.) Peggy was well on her way but I could tell from the first time 
I saw her that she would be easy to break and train. She was just that type 
of girl, she had been raised in a overly protected home and had been gang 
raped on her first date which also was the first time with any man. She had 
learned that she needed more than a simple man to care for her needs after 
that. She had found enjoyment from being attacked and used. She just wanted 
to be loved and controlled. Once again I returned to Nancy's training. 
Laying out what her morning would bring. I watched from the monitor while 
Karen took Nancy to the bedroom, drew her a bath and lay out a heavy sleeper 
for her. As she was ready to enter the tub Karen went outside and closed the 
door. Nancy walked around the room then walked to the tub. She sat at the 
edge of the large tub and stuck her hand into the hot water, then she swung 
her long sweet legs over the edge and slipped slowly into the water. It is 
at times like this that it is great to have color cameras around in the best 
of places. From her camera I could watch her bath herself. Her breast were 
great was the water ran around and over them. Her nipples were hard again. 
The marks on her body were fading away quickly in the steamy water. She was 
relaxing and what a great view as she lay down and placed her feet over the 
edge of the tub. Her breast swaying in the water causing little waves, her 
pussy could be seen through the water when calm. Switching the monitor to 
Nancy, she was in her tub, Karen had joined me and brought me an evening 
drink and we watched Nancy as she got out of the tub, and dry herself. She 
surprised me because she stopped in front of the dressing mirrors which she 
could see three sides, full length, at the same time. Peggy looked herself 
over and sighed a little as she saw no real damage from her earlier beating. 
She opened her pussy lips and twisted her body so she could check it out. 
She brushed her finger over her clit and she felt a little pain, but she was 
surprised herself because she almost climaxed with the single touch. Looking 
as close as she could she saw that her clit was still swollen and red. Then 
she turned so her ass was towards the mirrors and she was shocked that her 
ass was sore from the widening with the 'toy', but it too wanted more. She 
ran her hands from her pussy mound slowly up her body until she got to her 
breast and she squeezed them and that was also exciting. She moved to her 
nipples and gently twisted them and she moaned out loud and her head dropped 
. She tried to stop herself but she was cumming. She pushed one hand into 
her pussy looking for the hot little bud that was throbbing, her other hand 
squeezed a nipple, hard. She climax like she had never done before, without 
a man or a vibrator. As she moved to the bed she wondered what it all meant. 
She sat on the bed getting her breath. She slowly reached across the bed for 
her collar, holding it for a moment, then slowly, she raised her hair and 
placed the collar around her neck. She sat there feeling the leather around 
her neck. Her eyes were looking off in deep thought. I started to let Karen 
go but stopped her when Nancy reach for the chain which hung at the head of 
the bed. She looked at the lock, and then the ring which held the chain to 
the wall. She laid the chain down and locked her collar in place, then 
brought the chain up and locked it to her collar. I was happy she done this 
on her own, but time would tell if she did it to please me or she did it 
because she had learned that she had too. Karen to take her dinner to Nancy 
and to make ready for the night. I watched as Karen did what she was ordered 
to do. Leaving Nancy for the night. Nancy ate slowly and then went to bed. 
Turning the lamp off next to the bed. I reach over and dimmed the rest of 
the lights remotely so she could sleep. I walked around the rooms to make 
sure things were quiet and then I took a walk outside to watch the sunset. 
It was a great evening, warm and quiet. I headed for bath and then to bed. 
Karen asked to join me for the night, she locked her self to my bed and lay 
down next to me. She was asleep almost as soon as she settled in. I held her 
in my arms and ran through the days activities until I dropped off to sleep. 
It was another sunny morning and I had gotten up early to get things started 
around the cabin. Nancy was still asleep and Karen was fixing breakfast. I 
checked on Peggy and she was fixing her hair. She is a thin girl, almost too 
thin. Her breast were small and any loose clothing would hide them easily. 
Her training should go along well now. Returning to the kitchen, I told 
Karen to spend the morning talking to Peggy, just let her talk and open 
herself up to you. Karen agreed and served me breakfast. She then put two 
tray's together for the others. Then she left the kitchen. I was almost 
finished when Karen returned. She said that Peggy was asking to talk to me, 
and Nancy was acting a little more responsive to commands. This again showed 
me that I was getting through to Nancy. Thoughts of keeping her with me here 
at the cabin were running through my mind. But she belonged to Bill and he 
was coming to pick her up next Monday if she was ready. Bill is a newer 
Master, he was being trained as a Master under David, but David as a master, 
was a bad man. He liked to hurt his slaves. One of them had several broken 
ribs after one training session. Bill was starting to turn away from David 
when I met him, and after spending a day with him and watching his handling 
of his slave. Well I took over his training and now he is a good Master. She 
was very happy with him and I did not want her to get to use to being with 
me. When I took Her, Bill was to close to her to do her training right. He 
wanted her for his personal slave. To stay with him forever. Personally I 
like larger breasts and a fuller body. But he seemed to want her, so 
training Peggy is more for him than for her. When I entered the play room, 
Peggy was standing there, holding out the loose chain that hung from her 
collar to me. She had done a nice job on her short hair. Reaching out and 
touching her hair, I said, "Female Slaves have long hair, Let it grow out!" 
Peggy's head dropped a little more, I lifted her chin a little, just enough 
so she could see that I was grinning. She sprung back to life and said, "Yes 
Sir, the hair will be left to grow." Karen had come in and I sent her out 
again for a day dress for Peggy and herself. Karen returned with two very 
light weight white dress that were very easily seen through. Each girl 
slipped a dress on and every body feature could still be seen. Without me 
saying another word, Karen took Peggy by the arm and walked her to the 
doorway, Peggy looked confused. She knew that I had planned her training 
with a whipping twice a day but this morning she was not sure what was 
happening. I watched as the two left the cabin and picking up the garden 
tools walked towards the garden. In the sun light their bodies showed 
through their dresses. It looked like two friends heading out to play. Going 
to Nancy's room, I found she had finished her breakfast and was setting on 
the bed holding her coffee cup. She did not see me at first and was startled 
when she saw me, but she jumped up to her feet and lowered her eyes. I told 
her that she was acting like a good slave but one that still needed more 
training. She said, "Master, please train me to be worthy!" Her statement 
was a surprise, she had learned more yesterday than I had hoped. But she was 
the type that would try to play with you. I unlocked her from the chain and 
dropped the chain to the bed. She bent over and circled the chain into a 
nice round pile next to the pillow. Again, without being told too. I told 
her that todays training could go in several directions, it was up to how 
she behaved. She nodded without looking up. She then followed me into the 
outer room. She stopped at the center of the room and handed me the chain 
which hung there. I told her "No" and waved to her to come to me. Her eyes 
became fixed on the chair beside me. This chair was another little toy I had 
made for special needs. It had arms and legs and a back and seat, but each 
has been made special. The seat had a long grove removed from the middle. 
When a slave sat in it, his or her sex parts would hang down. The arms and 
legs had straps to hold a slave in place. It also had a wide belt to fit 
around the victims hips. I told her to sit down, she did and I strapped her 
legs down first, then her wrists. Then the belt around her hips and she was 
secure in the chair. Reaching under her ass, I gripped her ass cheeks then 
pulled them as wide apart as they would go. Then looking under the chair 
checking her holes for being accessible. I lowered a chain with four shorter 
chains and attached them to the four corners of the chair so I could raise 
it for easier access. Using the winch, I raised her till her ass was even 
with my shoulders. To make sure her cunt stayed where I put it I used four 
of the wide clips, placing two on each pussy lip. A cord was tied to each of 
them and the other end tied to the chair legs with enough pressure to pull 
her cunt lips down past the bottom of the seat. She felt really trapped now, 
the clips were biting into her cunt lips and it hurt a little, but she knew 
that if she were to jump the pain would be unbearable. She watched as I ran 
two cords from pulleys on the wall ahead of her and fitted a clamp to each, 
these clamps had small jaws. I snapped one on her right nipple and she tried 
not to move, but the sharp bite of the clamp made her jerk and pull on her 
pussy clips. She worked hard on standing the pain. She knew it was going to 
worse. Then the left nipple was clamped. Again she tried not to move but she 
did and now all three parts where pulled. She tried not to think of the 
pain. She looked at the loose cords which hung from her nipples to the wall. 
She felt confused again because the pain was starting to make her excited. 
While letting her get use to the clamps for a few moments, I opened a drawer 
and removed an old box. Moving within her view I opened the box and removed 
a large hand full of fishing weights. Her eyes shut quickly, not wanting to 
look. Stepping to the pulleys, I pulled most of the loose cord through and 
tied loops in each cord close to the pulleys. They were ready for the 
weights. Using an "S" hook in each loop I started adding weight to the 
cords. When there was 2 pounds on each cord she was under a lot of pressure 
from her nipples being pulled far out, she was fighting to hold back a cry. 
Her tits being pulled this way made her lean forward which she knew spread 
her pussy even farther open. Soon she was able to open her eyes. She still 
had a lot of pain from her nipples, but she was recovering from the first 
shock of it. The pain was starting to soften a little. From the same box I 
pulled two bottle brushes. Her eyes went wild and she started to say 
something then stopped herself knowing that she was to not talk. The brushes 
are made of wood and the bristles look hard and sharp but were really softer 
than they looked. They could cause pain, but again no damage. I rubbed her 
pussy first, so she knew which hole was going to be used first. I then 
pushed the brush into her pussy, slowly it sunk into her. She screamed and 
jumped from the brush but then she pulled herself back down quickly due to 
the pulling on her pussy lips and nipples. She then found that if she were 
to lean forward then back the weights would raise and fall sharply and cause 
her great pain. She knew that training today was going to be hell. I worked 
the brush in and out at different speeds. short strokes mixed with long 
ones. Each stroke made her cry out, she would jump and cause more pain to 
shoot through her body. Leaving the first brush deep inside her cunt I took 
the second one and placed it to her ass hole. When she felt the brush poking 
at her back hole, she cried out "NO Please NO". Hearing that, I push it past 
the tight opening. She screamed out and jumped hard against the straps. She 
felt so much pain she just knew that her holes were being cut to pieces. She 
wanted to get that thing out of her ass, and she could feel the clips 
tearing at her cunt and nipples. Not waiting for her to calm down I worked 
both brushes in and out of her holes. For a good 5 minutes I pumped the 
brushes and she bounced and jumped. Her ass hole, nipples, cunt lips, and 
her pussy all felt as if they were on fire. She was crying hard by this 
time. Tears were running down her face. She was sweating from the pain. I 
worked the brushes until she settled into the chair and with lowered head 
she was sobbing, giving into the punishment and accepting it. I left the 
brushes deep inside both holes and walked around her. Her nipples had little 
drops of blood around them. Her pussy lips were red and swollen. She had 
given up. But she had not told me so yet. Again I worked the brushes, and 
she jumped again. Yelling, "Master What must I do? What do you want of me?" 
I then knew that she had not been told the rules. Leaving the brushes in 
her, I asked her if she had been told what slave are to do. She shook her 
head "no". So I stepped back and told her. They are : Never look your Master 
or anyone with your Master in the eyes unless told to. Never talk unless 
talked too first. If you need to speak with anyone you ask for permission to 
speak. Never in the present of your Master are you to stand over him. You 
will always be on your knees unless working or carrying out an order. Never 
Question an order, talk back, or cause your Master or anyone you are 
appointed too embarrassment or anger. You are allowed to speak if you are in 
fear of being damaged or permanently injured. BUT it must be done with great 
respect. When with people you are to be a lady. No un-lady-like behavior 
will be tolerated. "Do you understand so far?" I asked. She nodded her head 
yes. I told her, she had to say it. She then said, "Master, I understand. 
And I understand also that I am just a tool for you to use. My body is not 
mine but yours to do with as you please." I removed the first brush and she 
tried to hold back the tears as the brush popped out of her pussy. But when 
the brush popped out of her ass she screamed again. Using a knife and 
holding the cords to her tits, I cut the cords and her tits slapped back to 
her chest and she cried out. Then using two plugs I filled her sore cunt and 
ass hole. She was crying again, but did not say anything. I told her that 
until she learned to thank me for the attention I give her, she would have 
to wear the plugs. When I removed the clips from her cunt lips, she lowered 
her head with the loss of that pinching pain. But she could feel the plugs 
filling both holes. I lowered her to the floor and releasing her. I then had 
her stand up. Taking a training belt I fitted it to her. It was a wide belt 
that I fastened around her waist and a strap to go from the back of the 
belt, down between her legs and up to the front of the belt. This is draw 
tight so that it holds in the plugs. Then a lock holds the whole belt 
together. There is a ring on the back, which I tied her hands to. Then I 
removed her nipple clamps one at a time. With each, she cried out as the 
jaws released her flesh. She looked down at her nipples and saw the drops of 
blood left from the teeth on the jaws. She wanted to rub them but her hands 
were held behind her. When I released her hands she did not look up but 
started to reach for her nipples, but she stopping short, she remembered the 
rules. She lowered her hands, her nipples were throbbing and hurting. She 
said, "Master, may I care for 'mmm' the nipples?" She almost said 'my' but 
then remember that her body is not her own anymore. Again she had accepted 
the fact that she was a slave. Giving her permission she gently reached for 
her nipples. She rubbed them trying to ease the pain. I told her to return 
to the sleeping room and clean herself up. She was then to put on one of the 
white dresses in the drawer and join the two in the garden. She slowly 
turned without a word and left to comply with my orders. She was well on her 
way. She would need only a little refreshing once in awhile. Now I needed to 
work on Karen. With all the work on Nancy I had let her slide. She was to be 
punished the day Tim arrived but with all the rest of the happenings that 
day and yesterday she got away without it. Now she would have to pay for not 
reminding me as well. When Nancy walked out she stopped, waiting for me to 
allow her to leave the cabin. I instructed her to have Karen come to me. 
Nancy said, "Yes Master, Thank You." She walked towards the door to outside 
but she was walking with a light step, her plugs were working on her worn 
holes and she showed it in her walk. I only had to wait a few minutes and 
Karen came quickly through the door. She stopped in front of me. "Yes 
Master, What can I do to please you!" she said happily. I replied, "It's 
Time. You were to remind me but you did not. Why didn't you remind me?" She 
dropped to her knees and started to beg forgiveness. I told her to get up 
and prepare herself. She jumped up and ran into the play room. I waited for 
15 minutes before entering the play room. When I did she was naked and had 
used leather cuffs to fix her left wrist to a 3 foot spreader bar, and was 
trying to attach the right wrist cuff but was not able to do it one handed. 
As I walked to her, she said she was sorry that she was not ready for me. I 
took her right wrist and snapped it to the bar without saying a word. The 
bar had rings all along it, set about 1 inch apart so it could be used in 
several ways. She was attached to the rings near the ends of the bar holding 
her wrists 3 feet apart. I attached the ceiling chain to the center ring and 
raised her arms slightly above her head. This left her room to move around 
and with her elbows she could almost cover her breasts but not quite. Her 
tits were swaying with every little movement. Her nipple rings were shining 
in the sun light from the window. Her long legs were shaking slightly, she 
knew she was going to be beaten, but she wanted to hold herself properly so 
that hopefully I would not punish her to harshly. But again she knew that it 
was not up to her. She had made her mind up that she would prove herself 
worthy and take what her Master had to give her. Taking a blind fold, I 
covered her eyes, this made the girls knees shake but she did not move as it 
went over her eyes. I then placed stereo head phones on her ears, I had 
already set the sound level to be loud enough to block out all outside 
noise. With this she was blind and deaf to the room around her. I moved the 
head phones cable so that it ran up the ceiling chain and over a hook on the 
ceiling, it was out of the way. I used a small strap of leather, under her 
chin and over the phones and tied at the top of her head, she would not be 
able to pull the phones off by rubbing her ears on her arms or shoulders. I 
attached a 5 foot spreader bar to her left ankle, pushing her feet apart, 
and attached her right ankle to the other end. She was barely able to stand 
with her feet so far apart. She knew that if she lost her footing she would 
end up hanging from her wrists and I would not be please and that could make 
it harder on her. But she kept thinking to herself, "This is for Master, not 
me". let her more or less stand there and get a real feeling of her 
predicament. Meanwhile, I gathered a few toys. A Short 3 foot Bull Whip, 
Cat-O-Nine Tails, and a duster. I also got clips and a water pick ( the type 
that pumps water jets between teeth to clean them) and lay them within reach 
of Karen's hanging body. Then I worked the rug out from under her bound 
feet, to uncover the drain hidden there. Now everything was ready. Taking 
the duster in one hand, I used the other to rub her body. Her stomach first 
then around to her mid section. She was twisting around following the touch. 
When I started rolling and twisting her breast and nipples, she started 
breathing faster. I played with her tits until she started moaning, then 
slid my hand down to come to a stop at her cunt lips. I rubbed and pulled 
the lips, then I inserted one finger, then two, then three fingers into her 
pussy. I worked her cunt until it was so wet her juices were running down 
her thighs. She was rolling her head around and moaning, getting lost in the 
gentle feeling of my touch to her heated pussy. When she started getting 
close to orgasm,, I removed my fingers, she let out a little cry of 
disappointment from the edge of her climax. She was pushing her hips out 
trying to find something with her cunt. As she pushed her hips out, the 
duster met it, she jerked with a small cry. I started swinging the duster at 
her exposed body parts while circling her. Using the duster expertly on each 
part, she did not know where next. Her back, tits, ass, legs, thighs, belly, 
tits, pussy mound, tits, ass, pussy, back. She was crying out and trying to 
move away from the stings only to find it landing on another body part. The 
duster flew around her until she started to give in and simply take the 
duster as it stung into her most sensitive flesh. I took the Cat in my free 
hand and switched to the cat without losing a stroke, she started to really 
jump at the first bite of the cat on her ass. She felt fire now. I whipped 
her ass until it started to glow pink, then moving to her front. I started 
with her pussy first, worked my way up to her tits, then back down again. 
Karen felt the fire spread as the cat moved. Every time the cat touched, the 
area would burst into a burning fire. Her ass to her back, her pussy to her 
tits were burning. Karen was pulling and twisting trying to avoid the next 
blow. She was trapped, she knew it, the burning grew and she couldn't avoid 
it way. Once her female parts were glowing red, I went to the kitchen and 
returned with a tray of ice from the freezer. Karen was slowly twisting in 
her bonds and crying from the burning flesh of her body. I took two cubes 
and placed them against her pussy lips, which made her take a deep breath 
and jump. When her body came back down I pushed the ice cubes deep into her 
cunt. She jumped but started to grind against my fingers. I pulled my 
fingers from her body I started rubbing her back with more ice. She twisted 
with the feeling of the ice against her burning flesh. As the ice melted, 
little rivers of cold water were running down her back and into her ass 
crack. I took more ice and rubbed her ass. She felt the burning and the 
freezing, it hurt but was pleasant at the same time. She felt her pussy 
sucking at what was left of the ice cubes in her, I placed three more ice 
cubes into her pussy after rubbing her ass down. The back of her legs and 
her thighs were wet from the melting ice. She again felt her pussy getting 
cold but still it sucked on the cubes wildly. Ice went to her tits and 
nipples and then down her front to her pussy lips. She felt like her cunt 
was frozen, but with the mix of feelings she was not sure if the feeling was 
that of pain or pleasure and she didn't care. She let her head fall back and 
started moaning loudly. Refilling her pussy with three more cubes I backed 
away to watch. Karen was so into the feelings of fire and ice, that she did 
not notice at first that there was no more hands rubbing her. She twisted 
and moaned. She would bend her knees and swing from her wrists then stand 
back up then back to swinging again. This went on for about 3 minutes before 
I could hear her moans of cumming. Afterward she stood still, it was time 
for me to start again, but this time it was the punishment stage and she 
would get little enjoyment from it. Using towels I dried her flesh a little 
then I started. I took the spreader bar which held her feet apart and pulled 
it up in front until it was even with her hips and attached it to another 
chain. This position brought her cunt up and open to reach. Taking the water 
pick and setting it to its highest setting I put the tip to one nipple, she 
jerked at the sting of the first feeling. When she started to moan from it, 
I moved to the other nipple and pushed her to moaning again. Then I turned 
the jet onto her pussy lips. She gasped and jerked again. When the jet came 
to rest on her trigger she started cumming again. I let her finish a small 
one by letting her start then pulling the jet away. Turning off the water 
pick, I picked up the small bull whip. She could not see it for the blind 
fold so she had a little grin from the water jets. I stepped between her 
feet, the first bite of the whip landed on the left thigh, running to the 
hip, rolled over her belly. Karen jumped as if she had been shot. She was 
fighting to get away, the burning last time slowly grew, but this time it 
exploded on contact. Like branding irons burning into her flesh. Her thighs 
received two each, she was screaming and begging for it to stop. The insides 
of her thighs had bright blood red lines running up to her belly. Lowering 
her feet back to the ground, I laid the whip hard to her ass. The first 
strike raised a harsh red line across it, just below her waist line. I 
delivered another an inch below that, and so it continued until there were 
red strips one inch apart all the way down to where her ass meets her legs. 
She was out of her mind with the burning pain. Fighting against the bonds 
that would not give. She pulled and twisted, But she could not get away. I 
twisted her nipple rings, causing her to cry out. Her breasts were the last 
on the list to be marked for the day. The first blow raised a strip across 
the top of both breasts, they danced with the whip as she twisted and tried 
to throw herself back, screaming from the pain. She knew that both tits must 
have been cut off. I allowed her to recover a little a bit, then I swung the 
whip upward and hit halfway between her chest and her nipples. Her tits flew 
up from the blow and she again screamed and jumped back. She then cried out, 
"Have Mercy Master, Please. I want to please you, but I can not stand any 
more, Please!" She begged. She hung limply from the spreader bar, tears 
making small streams down her face then dripping to the floor. L left 
quietly to get the creme, she was weeping softly, waiting for what ever came 
next. When I returned she was saying, "Master, I am sorry for my weakness. 
Please continue, I am not deserving of you yet." She had given herself up to 
my will. She knew that it was my choice not hers to stop. Putting creme on 
both hands, from behind her I reached around an cupped one breast with each 
hand. She bit into her lip to keep from screaming from the pain caused by 
the touch but she could feel the creme cooling the burns, she pushed forward 
into the soothing hands. After spreading the creme and rubbing it in, I 
spread creme on her ass. I could feel the raised strips on her ass as I did 
on her tits. But these were many and so close together she would be unable 
to sit down for awhile. I released her feet and then removed her headphones 
and blindfold, her eyes were swollen and red. She tried to smile but it was 
hard, she was still burning all over. I kissed her on the cheek and told her 
she had well, when I said that she tried to stand tall for me. She was happy 
that I was pleased. When I released her hands she almost fell to the floor. 
I helped her to a chair, she was glad to be able to sit down until her ass 
hit the chair. She still had fire in her flesh. She wanted to stand up but 
was to weak and just slowly, carefully settled into it trying to find a spot 
that hurt the least. We talked about what she felt, she had experienced the 
feelings I thought she would have. She asked about the confusion she had 
with pain/pleasure, not knowing which was which. I told her that as her 
training progressed, she will get to a point that there will be no 
differences between pain and pleasure. Both will make her fulfilled and 
happy as long as she was under control of a good master. Her mind was 
working over what I was telling her. She was starting to feel that her real 
place was under a master's control. She was happy, even with the pain. She 
felt satisfied with what her body was doing in reaction of the training... 
She liked it! In fact she knew that I was going to be upset because she had 
not reminded me of her punishment and that she would have to withstand even 
more, but she realized that she had done it just so she would get more. 
Karen was learning that she was really happier here and she was sorry that 
she had fitted her own nipples with rings. She had done it on a dare from a 
boy friend but he would not help. She was wishing that I had done them. I 
told her that if I chose to, I would redo them, My Way. Her eyes twinkled as 
she heard that. I started to get up, Karen through herself on my lap, her 
tits were crushed against my legs. Her head hung down, she was crying, 
asking that I keep her as my on slave. I let her slip onto the floor when I 
stood up, I told her that she had to be better but I would think about it. I 
did not tell her that I had her already. She would learn on her own.




 The Cabin
 Part 3

 For the rest of the week I worked on trading Karen and Nancy for other 
slaves I have. It took two whole days to work out the details, but they 
where mine now! I had Alice watch them while I was in the city. Alice was an 
older slave that I trained several years ago. She had wanted to go to 
another master to sample his style. Well it seemed that I trained her too 
well, she had been so bored with him that after only two months, she called 
me and asked if I would stop by. I stopped by to find John secured to a rack 
having his ass whipped by her. His mastery had been so weak that she had 
taken it from him. She was happy to watch the girls and the cabin. She said 
she wanted to give John a work out on a few of my toys. I told her that she 
could use any equipment that I have. Alice knew just about everything I have 
in the way of equipment and how to use it. After all, She had the same 
equipment used on her. It was Friday morning before I returned. I needed to 
make plans for the weekend, something special for the girls. As I walked 
into the cabin, I found them having a special treat with John and Alice. 
John had been attached to the flying wheel. This is a fun toy I built. A 
large wooden ring that a slave would be spread eagled to the outer edge. The 
whole ring could spin around or flip over. The cross pieces could be removed 
if I needed to have the slave hanging without anything in the way. 
Otherwise, the cross pieces can be used to secure the slaves mid-section. 
John was spread eagled to the wheel, cross pieces removed and the girls were 
slowing flipping him as I walked in. They were so busy talking about what 
they were going to do with their 'pet' that they didn't notice me as I sat 
down next to Alice who was watching over the party. Talking with Alice, I 
found that John had to wait on the girls and the girls had to wait on Alice. 
As a treat for the girls good behavior, Alice had given them John to play 
with for the morning. John was blindfolded, and he had a ball gag in his 
mouth. The girls stop him from spinning with him facing the ground and 
locked the wheel in place. Karen was holding two long leather boot laces. 
She had a large grin on her face as she and Nancy stepped under the ring and 
stood between his legs. Nancy held his cock against his belly with one hand 
while her other held his balls. They were already hanging down, but Nancy 
wanted them farther away from his body. She pulled on them until John yelled 
into his gag and pulled hard on his bonds. Karen then took one lace and 
wrapped the middle of the lace around the base of his balls, she wrapped it 
around twice then Nancy released her hold and they both worked at separating 
the two large balls. Using the loose ends of the lace, they wrapped them 
separately, wrapping each four times then tying the ends together they 
release them to hang again. They were turning red from the pressure of the 
binding. The look on his face told me that they had gotten it good and 
tight. Nancy took another leather string and tied it around the base of his 
cock so tightly that it looked to all but cut it off. She then wrapped the 
loose end around the shaft, she wrapped around and around, until the prick 
had the look of a cocoon. She stopped just below the ring of the cock head 
and tied the string off tightly. John was moaning into his gag. They turned 
the wheel back up- right and stood back to admire their handy work. His 
balls were spread apart by the cord and the wraps around the base of each 
ball made them stand out nicely. His cock head was turning red and swollen. 
His face was showing signs of the pressure put onto his cock and balls. The 
girls were giggling like school girls at the sight hanging in front of them. 
Karen took a dildo and Nancy took a small point whip. Karen stepped to his 
back side and Nancy stepped in front. Nancy took his cock in hand and 
started softly whipping the head of his cock. John started yelling into his 
gag and tried to pull himself free, but the straps held all to well. He 
danced in his bonds for a few moments then Karen put the dildo into her own 
cunt to get her juices on it, then she raised it toward his ass hole. The 
tip touched his ass and he jumped, but it was not far enough. Karen slowly 
worked the dildo into his tight ass, once the tip broke into it John 
screamed into his gag. Alice whispered to me that John's ass was not used 
that much around her house. She was more into whip and bondage with him, but 
she may start working his ass from the way he responded today! Karen waited 
then pushed the whole 10 inches into his ass with one push. John jumped and 
twisted around trying to pull it out, screaming into his gag. He was 
twisting around so much that the girls were having trouble holding onto his 
body. They took one cross bar and setting it so that it ran across his 
waist, then secured his waist with a wide belt. He was not able to twist 
hardly at all. They went back to whipping his cock head and working his ass 
with the rubber dick. After a few minutes Johns cock head was bright red, 
and his balls were dark red. Karen said that she wanted to fuck this pet in 
the ass. Removing the dildo and going to the wall she removed a strap-on 
prick that has a small 5 X 1 inch Prick on one side and 10 X 2 inch prick on 
the other. She pushed the small dick into her pussy which was dripping, and 
the belt around her hips. Turning toward John the large dick stood out like 
a weapon ready to impale it's victim. She picked up a stool and placed it 
behind John. Standing on it brought the large weapon into range of his poor 
ass. She did not wait this time, she placed the massive head against his 
hole and grabbing him by the hips, she shoved hard and John screamed again 
as it ripped into his ass. Karen started pulling it out and diving back into 
him. With his ass being tighter than her pussy, working it in and out of 
him, she was screwing herself too. She was getting into being fucked and 
fucking at the same time. Nancy was being sure not to hit his cock to hard, 
but still wanting him to feel the sting. She stopped only long enough to rub 
the cock head and a little squeeze of his balls. She noticed that he was 
getting close to cumming, so she reached around and told Karen to stop. They 
both stopped and let him calm down. As they were doing this they both 
noticed I was back. I waved them to go on. They happily returned to work on 
their helpless victim. Time after time they took him right to the edge, John 
was going out of his mind. He wanted to cum but the strings were tight and 
was holding his hot cum back, and the girls were working and stopping. He 
thought he would explode if he couldn't climax soon. His cock was on fire 
and he knew that his ass was ripped beyond repair, he just knew it, but he 
was starting to enjoy it. He was crying and moaning at the same time. The 
girls were having a ball with John. I think they were trying to see if he 
could go as far as they could. He was holding up to it very well. I finally 
wave to them to let it happen. The girls looked a little disappointed, but 
then they both grinned and stopped. Backing away together they got to their 
knees in front of me and asked if they could have him in their body's. I 
said that it had to be good show or they would be used for a better show 
later. They thanked me and stood up to return to John. John was moaning and 
chewing his gag. His ass felt empty and his cock and balls were about to 
blow up from the pressure. Nancy untied his balls and John cried out through 
the gag as the blood rushed back into the swollen balls one at a time. Karen 
said that she would be first. Turning him so that he was laying with his 
back down. Karen mounted his bond cock and drove it deeply into her pussy. 
Nancy using the stool get her cunt over his face, removing the gag and 
replacing it with her dripping pussy. Once John tasted the sweet cunt on his 
face, his mouth opened wide to take in as much of her cunt lips as he could. 
His tongue dipped into her hole, she almost climaxed was his mouth swallowed 
her pussy. Karen was bouncing on his manhood. The wraps on the shaft felt so 
good and made his cock head almost twice it's normal size. Both girls knew 
that they had better get it good, because they were not sure if they could 
have him again or not. They were doing everything they could to make a real 
good show out of all three. Nancy was twisting on his tongue, John was 
sucking and licking every drop from her. Karen raised herself just enough to 
remove the wrap on his shaft. John felt the pain rush in with his blood. His 
cock was burning as Karen dropped back onto him. John found it exciting to 
feel the heat from her hot cunt and the burning of his own very heated 
blood. Her hot dripping cunt started sucking his cock harder and harder. He 
felt her juices running down his shaft and over his balls, soaking the cords 
made them loosen a little, blood made its way into them and made them burn 
hotter than before. Karen was jumping wildly and screamed as she climaxed. 
Her pussy had locked down onto his manhood and sucked hard, milking him 
until he couldn't stop his advancing orgasm. His cum shot hard into her 
cunt, filling her completely and pouring out and all over his balls. She 
again groaned as she flew into another orgasm. As John was cumming, he drove 
his tongue deep into Nancy and twisted it around, then licked her clit, then 
he locked his lips onto the hot little fire button. Nancy was surprised by 
the sudden probe and then the strong grip on her clit. She was pushed into 
orgasm without warning and she screamed from the sudden explosion in her 
loins. All three were weakly trying to maintain, but the two girls fell to 
their knees and could not move. Johns face was soaked with Nancy's cum, he 
was licking his lips and chin quietly. His cock and balls were dripping from 
the Karen's and his own climaxes. Slowly the girls recovered enough to get 
up and they both went to work on cleaning 'their Pet'. Licking his face and 
once it was clean they work together on his cock and balls. He was drained 
completely but it still drove him nuts. He wanted to take both of them into 
his arms but the wheel held him from moving. They removed the wraps on his 
balls, slowly licking as each wrap came off. They then released him and 
helped him into a chair. But he wanted to sit at their feet so the girls sat 
on low stools and he sat at their feet, resting his head on one then the 
other. Alice stood up and took my arm and pulled me toward the door, saying 
"Let them rest, and talk. I think, if you like, they should be allowed to 
play together again!". I agreed. We walked into the kitchen, Alice sat me at 
the table and said, "You still are my Master and I want to serve you!" I 
smiled and watched her as she cut a few pieces of cake and pour coffee for 
both of us. When she returned to the table she lowered her head and sat the 
tray down, dropped to her knees and said," Master, I have missed your 
learned hand. Thank You for allowing me these few moments to be with you." 
She rested her head on my leg and I stroked her hair. "Alice!" I said, "You 
are one of my finest slaves, you have made me proud! You have become a 
Mistress, but you still remember who and what you are to me! Now get up 
before my slaves see you, they have not learned that most Master's & 
Mistress's have Masters to answer too!" Alice kissed my hand and moved to a 
chair. We talked about OLD TIMES. I declared the rest of the day to be a 
talk day. Lunch was made by Karen and Nancy, John built a fire in the large 
fireplace in the living room. Alice and I took chairs to one side of the 
hearth, and the slaves were giving cushions to sit on in front of the us. 
They started out naked, and this would be the normal dress. But I allowed 
the girls to wear light night gowns and John was allowed a light housecoat. 
Talk Day is rare around here during heavy training weeks. But I try to have 
one as often as possible. This is the slaves day to talk and compare 
feelings and things they learned in training. They are to talk openly about 
fears and needs that they may have. They have to be respectful but they had 
freedom to ask or say just about anything. and I would listen. Not only 
would I be learning how their minds were adjusting to training, but also I 
would learn what they may need next or if I was heading them in the wrong 
direction. We ate and talked the rest of the day away. It was late evening 
when I called it a day. They wanted to go on and talk more but they could 
have another day later. It was time to settle down for the night. All three 
were like kids that had not had candy for a long time. They had a hard time 
calming down. I allowed them to sleep together, and before Alice and I 
turned in, we watched them wrap up into each others arms and fall asleep. 
Alice and I went to my room, not saying to much for it was a long day, and 
the slaves had done so much talking that we both were tired of talking. 
Undressing each other softly, we where not master and slave, but old friends 
meeting again. Leading her to the bed, she lay down, inviting me to lay next 
to her. Carefully climbing over her, allowing my body to brush over hers, 
she reached up and stopped me over her. She said," This is my place". I 
kissed her and slid down beside her. We embraced and kissed again, She 
lowered her head so that it was under my chin, I lowered mine to softly 
touch her head and pillow. Being quietly close was all we both needed to 
drift off to sleep. It had been a LONG time since I slept so nicely. Wrapped 
up with a good and close friend. Neither demanding anything from the other, 
just closeness. Alice was one of a very few I would trust so well that I 
would allow to sleep in my room unchained. Not that I was worried about 
someone hurting me but that a Master has to be a Master. He or She must be 
careful not to show regular feeling or needs around untrained slaves. With 
this reason, I slept with very few of them, only when needed or as part of 
their training. The next morning it felt good to have a warm body next to 
me. I pulled her closer, and Alice responded by wrapping her arms around me. 
She kissed my chest and hugged me. The covers were over her head when Karen 
walked in without knocking as she did every morning. She saw that there was 
another person in bed with me. She lowered her head and backed out, closing 
the door behind her. I laughed at the look on Karen's face. After telling 
Alice about it she laughed too! Karen knew that it was a rare case for me to 
have someone with me, it had surprised her. Alice stopped me and asked, 
"What about her training? Will it hurt it?" I agreed that it could, and that 
I should hold Alice in training to show them that she was indeed a slave to 
me and I had selected her for the night. Letting them wonder about what 
really happened, which was not really their concern. Placing a collar on her 
and a leash, then dressing her in an open front gown I led her out into the 
hall and into the playroom. All three slaves were there. Karen and Nancy 
were shocked at the sight of Alice being led into the room. John couldn't 
look, he knew that if he had shown any reaction at all he would pay for it 
later. Stopping before all three, Alice moved to behind my right shoulder 
and was standing as a prefect slave. Eyes to the floor and hands together 
hanging down at full arms reach. She was displaying a perfect slaves stand. 
Her open gown was hanging loosely over her breast, the material seemed to be 
caught on her pointed nipples. I started, "Alice is my slave! Well trained 
and has moved onto her own life. BUT! She was, is, and shall always be my 
slave. Her slave is John. You all will behave to her as you have been. For 
she is your Mistress too, she has earned that honor!" John would not look 
up, Karen and Nancy were shocked by what I said. Alice lowering her head so 
they could not see her whisper to me. "I need a whipping, it has been a long 
time!" "Alice has been away from me for awhile and she has slipped in her 
training and I have decided to reinforce it a bit. Karen bring me my crop!" 
As the word Crop left my mouth, Alice raised the back of her gown to her 
back, exposing her butt and turning she dropped to her knees, then lowering 
her head to the floor. She had turned far enough for all to watch. Alice 
said, "Master, Thank You for this chances to prove to you of my wanting to 
please!" Taking the crop and pointing for Karen to sit down and watch, I 
raised the crop and brought it down on Alice's ass. A bright red mark 
outlining the crpw sprung up as it hit. Alice cried out with a thank you 
pushed into it. She bit her lip but she knew that the pain would not remain 
pain alone for long. Several times the crop fell onto her ass. Her flesh was 
bright red and lines ran crisscrossed her ass. She had tears running down 
her faces but she did what she was suppose to, what every good slave is to 
do! She thanked me for every blow. Her whole ass was red and blistered. I 
pulled her to her feet and she kissed my hand, leaving her eyes downward. I 
stood her up and, using the crop as a duster, I lightly brushed her pussy 
mound, she opened the front more and wrapped her gown around her back. 
Spreading her knees apart, exposing her pussy. Slapping at her pussy 
lightly, Alice's ass was burning, the tip of the crop was kissing her cunt 
lips. She started moaning and licking her lips, eyes were shut and more 
moaning. Turning the crop around and using the handle as a dildo, I slipped 
it into her wet cunt. She threw her head back and moaned loudly from the 
intrusion. She then started grinding her hips so to draw more of the handle 
into her hot pussy. It hit bottom and she was still trying to get more. 
Working in and out slowly at first, then speeding up very slowly. Alice was 
cumming, first slowly then it grew and just seemed to not stop. After a few 
moments she was almost knocking herself off her feet, bouncing on the hard 
handle that she was forcing to almost rip through her very being. She 
reached a point that I knew she was about to explode. Once she started into 
a highly charge climax to her orgasm I let go of the crop and watched her 
own cunt swing it and flip it around by its sucking of the handle. She 
climaxed for almost three whole minutes. I was so proud of her for being 
able to let herself go like this. She started to slow down and as we calmed 
down, the crop dropped to the floor as her pussy released it. It was soaked 
and left a puddle around it as it came to rest on the floor. Under Alice 
there was a large puddle of her cum. Once she was able to control herself, 
she move beside me, dropped to her knees and kissed the tops of my feet and 
thanked me for taking the time to let her please me. I simple looked at the 
shocked looks on all three faces. After awhile I said, "This is what I want 
from you, and you will want this for yourself too. To Please Me!" I picked 
up Alice's leash and led her from the room and back to my room. I told her 
to bath, dress and return to the play room. Then I left to watch the others. 
They were sitting around talking in whispers to each other. I gave them 
instruction on house cleaning and yard work, they left to complete the 
orders I gave them. Alice joined me. Going to the kitchen for coffee, she 
was back in her role of a Mistress, Loose blouse, black pants and black 1 
inch heels. Alice poured the coffee and went to the table but took her time 
sitting down. Once down she spoke between sips, "You haven't lost you feel 
for the crop I see? It hurts good, MMMmmm So good! I need to stop by more 
often." "Once I broke you to the whip and crop you always enjoyed them both, 
but I think I may have spoiled you with them!" I said. Alice simply said, 
"You can spoil me all you want!!" Laughing and rubbing her ass as she said 
it. Alice then started to get ready to return to the city. We talked more 
about her returning and we decided that once a month would work out best. 
She left with John and I wished that she could stay longer, but on with the 
day. Watching Alice's car pull away, Karen walked up and asked if Tim was 
coming. She was selecting her words carefully. I asked her the time, she 
said about 11:30. I had almost forgot Tim. His bus should be at the stop in 
an hour, which is about how long it would take to drive there. Turning to 
Karen, I told her to hurry and dress and go. She thanked me and ran into the 
cabin to dress. She wanted to see Tim again, and it showed. It was only 3 
minutes before Karen came running out of the cabin. She stopped for me to 
inspect her. She was in the jumpsuit again, her hair pulled back into a 
ponytail, Pink sneakers. I nodded and she ran for the garage, I yelled after 
her," You are to make him wait, but drive carefully! And you are not to 
touch him until you return here!" She stopped and said, "Thank You", then 
ran on. Within seconds she had the car out and on down the road, being 
careful not to spin the tires, but still hurrying along. I walked to the 
side of the cabin, Nancy was working in the garden. Her body was visible 
through the light white dress. Her nipples would push through the fabric as 
she stood and when she bent down her ass and pussy could be seen. She looked 
like a little girl playing in the garden. Going to my office to check the 
last three days mail did not turn up much, again things were going on 
quietly. Nancy returned to the cabin to prepare lunch. I ate with her in the 
playroom and I allowed her to talk. Nancy told me that she liked it here and 
was not looking forward to leaving. I had not told them that they were mine 
to keep now. She talked about the cabin and the trees and flowers. She liked 
growing things in the garden for the meals. After we ate I told her to clear 
the dishes and then make herself ready. She became quiet, taking the dishes 
she left the room. I set-up the horse for her, added leg straps and wrist 
straps, and laid out a rubber tank top. Pulled out a duster and a crop. The 
horse was like a saw horse, but it was padded and it has one horn with a 
hole right next to it. The hole was made to have something stuck into it. 
The horn was shaped like a penis with a loose skin, and stuck up about 4 
inches, but when it was powered up it would raise to a height of 12 full 
inches, and it could blow up to 5 inches wide with heated oil being pumped 
into the rubber cover, and the piston that ran inside it has a head that 
grows just as large. Nancy returned and walked to my side. I was attaching a 
10 inch long, tapered butt plug into the hole and pushed in down so that 
only the small tip stuck up 1 inch. Moving the step stool to the side of the 
horse, I ordered her to mount the horn which would bring her ass over the 
hole. She slowly climbed up and swung her leg over the top. She paused as 
the horn pushed open her pussy, I pulled on the stool causing her to fall 
onto the horn, and the little butt plug tip pushed at her ass hole. She 
cried out from the fall, but by the look on her face, I could tell that she 
was disappointed so far, the best part was ahead. I strapped her legs to the 
sides of the horse, then fastened a loose strap on her feet to hold them 
under the horse. I crossed her arms behind her back, her left hand was 
secured to the right side and the right hand secured to the left side. This 
made her sit very straight. Her breast were sticking out and her nipples 
were hard already. Turning the machine on, she jumped as she felt the hot 
oil fill the horn in her pussy, she also found that there was a small hole 
in it so that it would lubricate her cunt. She understood right then and 
there she was in for a real ride this time. Then the ass plug pushed into 
her ass hole slowly, the small tip got her attention first, but when the 
second ring of the butt spreader, she felt her ass hole being pushed wider 
apart. Her ass started to burn and felt as if shw was being ripped open. The 
horn was pumping her pussy, the hot oil was almost to hot, but it was 
feeling good, her ass was another story. It was in to the fourth ring and 
she was trying to pull away as the fifth ring popped into her ass, her ass 
was widened to 3 inches. She pulled and fought to get away from the ripping, 
burning pain in her ass. She was not able to even raise herself just a 
little from the way she was secured to the horse. Another ring popped into 
her ass, she screamed and fought at her bonds. Sweat was running down her 
face from the pain in her ass hole. Her mind was racing wondering how long 
she would be able to stand the pain, and how far open her ass would be when 
the machine was done with her. She calmed down a bit when she felt the plug 
stop and simply stay where it was. She thought her ass was ripped open but 
it was only widened to 3 1/2 inches. It would stay there until I was done 
with the machine. As her ass pain started to soften a little she could feel 
the horn pumping her again, she tried to turn her thoughts to the pumping 
horn, but it was pushing on the butt plug as it raced in and out. She was 
enjoying the fucking, and she was getting use to her ass being spread wide 
open. When it looked as if she had calmed a bit, I released her hands long 
enough to hand her the rubber tank top. She looked at it then put it on, it 
was very tight so it took her a minute or two to get it on. Once she had it 
on, she found the ends of her tits sticking out of holes. By the time she 
worked both tits through the holes, the ring of rubber had a good grip 
around the base of each tit. She found the tank top hot to the skin, it 
would be hotter as she heats up. With her hands again secured behind her, 
her breasts were displayed very nicely. I turned on the second switch and 
then sat down to watch. The machine picked up speed and the good feeling in 
her pussy was getting better. Her eyes told me that she was enjoying the mix 
of pleasure and pain. The horn started to swell up and she was getting some 
good feeling from it. But she was surprised as it kept growing and pumping. 
It seemed to not stop. It added painful pressure to her already burning ass 
hole. She was screaming by the time it filled out totally, her ass spread 
out and now her pussy was being opened to a full 5 inches wide. She was 
under a bit of strain. Still the horn pumped away. She struggled against her 
bonds and was crying. The machine still fucked away. Once she started to 
show a more positive response I left the room for a cup of coffee, then 
returned. She was moaning at this time and having a good time. Her nipples 
were damp from the heat of the rubber and the pressure in both her holes. 
Picking up the duster, I swung it in a circle over my head. I brought the 
dusters tips down to just touching her nipples. She jerk and moaned louder. 
Whipping her nipples made them harder and turn them to a nice reddish brown 
color. She was moaning into her first orgasm. Pushing the duster toward her 
more, it was hitting her breasts and nipples. The extra feelings pushed her 
deeper into another orgasm. About this time I heard a car pulling up, but it 
was to loud for one of my cars. Closing the door to the play room I walked 
to the front door and out onto the deck. It was the mail truck, and the 
driver was walking toward me with a large package. I signed for it and 
returned to the cabin. I set the package down and returned to my victim. 
Nancy was rolling her head around and moaning and crying for more. She was 
floating from one orgasm to another. Taking the crop I brushed her nipples 
and she started thanking me each time it hit her nipples. Using the crop 
pushed her higher than she had been before. She now was on one long orgasm 
and I left her in this floating stage to see if she could hold it. Going to 
the office, I turned on the recorder so that I could have a tape to show her 
later. I then moved to the deck and rested there with a smoke and cup of 
coffee. From the partly open front door I could her moaning, so if she 
changed her tone or called for help I could hear her. After about 30 minutes 
I could see the car returning. Tim had a large grin on his face as he 
climbed out of the car. I welcomed him and we walked into the cabin and into 
the playroom. Tim could not take his eyes off Nancy's body. She was starting 
to come down from her high and the machine still was pumping at her pussy. 
Her breast and nipples still showed signs of the duster and crop. I stopped 
the machine and she leaned her head forward, worn out from all the feelings 
and cumming. The horse was soaked, dripping onto the floor. She softly was 
repeating, "Thank You Master". I released her feet and legs, leaving her 
hands tied. I drained the oil from the horn and lowered plug, she raised her 
head and moaned aloud. Again came the "Thank You" from her pouting lips. 
Karen helped her off the horn and down to the floor. Then placing her into a 
chair with rollers. She rolled her limp body down to her sleeping room. Tim 
asked if he could be involved a little more next time. He wanted to be part 
of it. I told him that we would see how it goes because there are things 
that have to happen before I could change the weekends plans and training 
for the girls. Karen returned and whispered into my ear that I had not given 
her a answer to her question. She sunk away with the look I gave her for 
asking out of turn. I thought for a minute then nodded to her my approval, 
Then taking her chin I said, "Little girl, I expect that you do this right, 
I want you to treat him as the first man you ever have had, but still you 
have all the talents of what you have learned!" Karen's face lit up a 
little, she knew that she was to be punished for asking out of turn, but she 
was planning on making up for it with Tim's body. She was going to screw him 
until he could screw no more. She left the room as I turned to Tim, his eyes 
were wide and surprised. I told him that she would be his to do with as he 
like tonight. But no bondage or whippings allowed at this point! He said, 
"OK, No problem, I don't want to hurt her, I just want to use her body!" I 
told him that before he could start he had to go to his room and make ready, 
bath, and shave. He was to be human for her, after all she was going to give 
everything she has to him for the whole night. Tim was singing to himself as 
he danced his way out and down the hall to his room. I went to check on 
Nancy. She was on her bed and still moaning softly. She was Ok but not ready 
to move. Leaving her alone I returned to my office. Nancy had fallen asleep 
and things were quiet or at least for the moment. Karen showed at my door 
and asked if she could fix dinner alone so that she could make it part of 
Tim's night. I said yes, and she was to let Nancy sleep tonight. Karen 
headed to the kitchen with curlers and dressing robe. Dinner was ready and 
Karen was so excited that she was bubbling all over. Tim was getting excited 
too. I was having fun watching them both. Karen ran to her room to finish 
dressing. Tim had joined me in my office and we were talking, they both 
almost ran into each other in the hall but didn't see each other. Tim was 
dressed in a nice gray suit and shiny back shoes with a dark tie which made 
him look more like he was heading to work than a date. Karen called down the 
hall that dinner was ready, so Tim and I moved into the dinning room. Our 
wine was poured and waiting. Karen was in the kitchen and could not be seen 
but we heard her running around the kitchen. Sipping at our wine and 
talking, Karen finally made her entrance. She was in an Evening Gown, Light 
Yellow with white trim. White high heals, yellow panty hose, and a white 
ribbon through her hair. Tim's eyes about fell from their sockets, he tried 
to speak but his mouth could not form the words. Karen gently floated around 
the room serving us and making eyes at Tim. At dinner they both acted as if 
they were going to get caught doing something wrong, their eyes were playing 
games back and forth. Nancy had looked into the room during dinner and went 
back to her room only to return in a less formal dress but she look good 
never the less. She was still wore down and having trouble walking and 
talking from being so tired. When Tim and Karen were whispering together I 
leaned toward Nancy and told her that she had done well enough to deserve to 
have a night for herself. No chain up tonight for her. Nancy said thank you 
and went on eating. She was tired but she was more hungry than tired. 
Finishing with dinner, I told everyone that I would have an announcement 
tomorrow and everyone was to be there. I also set a wake up time for Karen 
and Nancy. Karen was given until 10:00am and Nancy 9:30am, I expect 
breakfast to be at 10:45am and no later. With that I told them good night 
and Nancy asked to leave then headed off to bed, as I did. Karen and Tim 
stayed in the dinning room. They were giggling like kids as I left the room. 
Going into my room I adjusted the monitors so I could check on things around 
the house as well as the two 'kids' I left behind. They were very easy to 
see on the monitors. First Tim tried to grab her but she slowed him down. 
She sat him on the couch in the playroom and they drank a little more wine, 
kissing and hugging. I almost fell asleep before she allowed him to move on. 
He slowing slid his hand over her breast outside her dress. He played with 
it for a few moments then moved to the other, still kissing her. Her hands 
were working their ways down his sides to his hips and over his butt. Tim 
then pushed away just enough to open the buttons on the front of her dress. 
Pushing the dress top open exposing her bra covered tits, he played with 
them, then reaching around her back he unhooked her bra and pulled it away 
from her. She acted as if to try to hide her breasts from him. Tim took his 
coat and shirt off and threw them to the side. He took her back into her 
arms and hugged her, their bare chests rubbing together. Her breasts swelled 
outward under his chest as they kissed again. Then he released her waist 
band and she undid his belt, standing up her dress fell to the floor, she 
pulled his pants down then off, she stepped out of her dress. He in his 
boxer shorts and she in light panties under panty hose. He used his teeth to 
pull her panty hose down, until she was able to step out of them. He 
returned to her panties and nibbled at her pussy through the panties then 
using his teeth again, down went the panties. She pulled him to his feet and 
then it was her turn. She worked her face into his crotch, when she pulled 
back she had his cock in her mouth. She played with it awhile then using her 
teeth down went his shorts. She then took hold of his growing cock and led 
him to the padded table and pushed him back onto it. She slowly climb on top 
of him, fitting his still not fully grow prick into her pussy, she started 
riding him. She rocked on his cock as she felt it grow inside her. When it 
was fully swollen she started riding it like there was no tomorrow. He 
played with her tits as she bounced. After watching them for about a hour, I 
gave up and headed for sleep. They were making love and not going to 
anything special. Next morning Karen woke me up. She was on her knees next 
to my bed and asking for forgiveness . She thought that I would get send her 
away because of her reactions with Tim from the time he showed up. I sat 
quiet for a moment trying to wake up, then I told her that she acted the way 
I wanted her too, and other than her over excitement, there was nothing out 
of the way from what I ordered her to do. Sending her away, I tried to wake 
the rest of the way up. In the monitors I could see Tim still sleeping on 
the table were they were last night. He had fallen asleep without being able 
to make it to his room. Nancy and Karen returned to my room as I was 
dressing and helped me dress. They told me that breakfast would be ready on 
time. Both were dressed in see-thru baby doll sleepers. Their breasts, 
nipples, asses, and pussy's were clearly visible. I sent them to finish 
breakfast and told Nancy to wake Tim and help him be ready for breakfast. 
When we all made it to the table, Tim was in a blue joggers outfit. I was 
wearing a gray one and the girls still have their baby dolls on but their 
collars are in place now. Tim started talking to me about Karen, as the 
girls served us. Tim said, "How do I get her for a longer time? I want her 
every time I'm here, and maybe take her to town once in awhile to stay with 
me!" I sat there silently for over a minute, he started to say something. I 
stopped him, turning to Karen and waved her over. She dropped to her knees 
between Tim and myself facing towards my chair with eyes down. Karen thought 
she was going to be punished now. "Karen!" I said, "You have my permission 
to speak with Tim about this matter, and I expect you to settle this right 
now!" I leaned back and she said "YES Sir!" Turning on her knees towards 
Tim, she asked me if she could raise her eyes to him. I said yes. Karen 
raised her eyes to meet his, she told him that she had looked forward to 
their night all week but it was just a special event sort of thing. She was 
a slave, and she would always be a slave. She belonged to her Master, and 
she was able to do last night because her Master had let her have a special 
evening. Tim said that he thought that it was growing into something more 
than one simple night. She replied that it could not go on, they could have 
more nights but only if her master would allow it, and he would only allow 
it if she had earned a night for herself. Tim sat silently for about 5 
minutes and I brought an end to the quiet by saying that Tim and I need to 
take a walk outside. The girls were to clear the table and clean the kitchen 
and dishes. Tim and I walked along the side of the cabin and into the woods. 
We did not walk far before Tim stopped me. "Why did you let last night go 
on? Don't you think of me as a friend?" he ashed. I replied that it was his 
fault if he thought there was more to it than there was! "Tim, you know who 
I am and What I am! You also know that my girls are mine and only do as they 
are allowed or told to do! They are able to leave here if they want to, but 
they want to be here, WITH me. If they didn't then you would not be able to 
have your night last night at all. If you feel that I caused your feelings 
on purpose then you should leave right now and just forget about coming back 
here!" He walked away by a few feet then stopped and looked up at the 
mountains around us. He then turned around and said he was sorry, he was 
letting his feelings run away with him. He would put things in order in his 
head and stop wrecking every one's weekend. We talked a little more until he 
said he was ready to return to the cabin, I told him that he could not have 
Karen again this weekend so to stop more problems. He agreed and we headed 
back to the cabin. I would have to keep an eye on him so he would not get 
attached to one of them again. His actions would tell me if he could return 
again for another weekend. Once inside Tim avoided getting near Karen which 
made everyone nervous. After a few tension filled moments, I told everyone 
to relax or I would shut the place down for the rest of the day and the 
girls would be locked up. Tim did not want to spend the day with me only, so 
he said he was sorry for acting like a child, and he would behave better. I 
told him that he had to keep things in order or I would have to send him 
home. He nodded his acceptance of my rules. The rest of the day went 
smoothly, Tim asked to take the girls to the pond and go swimming and have a 
picnic. I told him that he could. Tim told the girls to pack a lunch and 
that we all are going swimming. The girls turned into school girls again and 
ran to their rooms to get ready, after another few moments they were buzzing 
around the kitchen. Tim found a pair of trunks in his room and put them on. 
The girls were ready and they were wearing terry cloth swim robs and 
sandals. Tim had put his pants on over his trunks and a shirt on. The girls 
took the basket and towels and followed Tim and I out the door. At the pond 
there is a float anchored 50 feet from the bank, and there is a small dock 
with a small row boat turned over on it. Two more boats were tied off to the 
dock gently rocking on the water as the light breeze raised little ripples 
on the surface. Birds were singing and playing over our heads. The grass ran 
right up to the waters edge. This pond is in the middle of the cabins land 
and could not be seen from any direction due to the high brush and trees 
around it. Tim through off his pants and shirt and ran into the water. As he 
hit the water he found that it was not as warm as he wanted and yelling 
about the cold he jumped back for the bank. The girls were trying not to 
laugh but they could not hold it back. I had to laugh too. Once back on 
shore, Tim wrapped into two or three towels and was complaining about the 
cold water. The girls walked to the waters edge and I sat down to watch 
them. They walked into about 2 inches of water and started calling for Tim 
to join them, which Tim refused quite loudly. But as the girls removed their 
robes and dropped them on the shore, Tim's voice changed. The girls were 
naked and their slim bodies were outlined with the wooded back drop across 
the pond. Tim decided to give it a try again. The girls took him by the arms 
and started walking around in the shallow water, working their way into the 
deeper water until they were up to their groins. Their nipples were standing 
out, hard and proud from the cold against their legs. They were splashing 
each other and acting like kids. I was amused by them. Soon I called them 
in, it was time to eat. We ate everything that was packed and we all laid in 
the warm sun and talked. The three fell asleep and I really enjoyed watching 
them curl up around each other, and the quiet was great. I could hear the 
wind blowing through the trees and bushes. The sun was starting to go down 
and it was time to wake them and go back. I woke the girls and they put on 
their robes, but Tim was harder to wake up. Nancy asked if she could wake 
him up, she had a little grin on her which looked a little witchy, so I told 
her to do her best. They rolled Tim onto his back and then Nancy dropped her 
robe. Placing a foot on each side of his head, she lowered her bare pussy to 
his lips. Tim twisted at first but as he awoke and found a tender cunt on 
his face he started licking and probing her pussy. Nancy let him play for a 
moment then jumped up and told him to get up. She surprised me because she 
had ORDERED him to get up. I did not say a word, waiting to see where she 
was going with this little twist. Tim, totally surprised sat up and then 
stood up, he was looking at me and wondering why I was letting her do this. 
Karen jumped into it too when she noticed I was watching and not stopping 
Nancy. They grabbed Tim and using a belt from one robe they tied his hands 
behind his back. Telling him that he has been a bad boy. He hasn't done his 
job of filling their pussies well enough to satisfy them. Nancy pushed him 
toward the cabin, Karen picked up everything from the day's picnic and 
followed Nancy. I stayed back then followed, watching the show. As I walked 
onto the deck and to the doorway, it was standing open, and I could hear 
raised voices from all three. Deciding to wait outside and listen, giving 
the girls time to set up what ever they had in mind. Shortly I could hear 
Tim yelling and calling for help, knowing that the girls would not hurt him 
I didn't move. After it sounded like they had gagged him I walked in and on 
into the playroom. I about broke out laughing out loud when I saw the full 
picture of what Tim had gotten into. They had Tim strapped on top of one of 
the working tables. This table was a simple table, padded lightly with 
several rings around and that was about it. They had him naked with only a 
towel loosely thrown over his cock, his hands and feet tied to the four 
corners of the table. Ball gag in his mouth and Karen was just finishing 
attaching a collar to his neck. Both girls were laughing and chatting about 
their day's hunt and their little critter they brought home. Tim's eyes were 
wild, he was fighting to get loose but he couldn't move with his arms and 
legs stretched out. The girls had left the room and went into the kitchen, I 
walked to Tim's side and removed his gag. He was getting scared and he was 
afraid they were going to really hurt him. I told him to relax they were not 
going to hurt him, they simply wanted to play with him. Tim was starting to 
relax. Replacing the gag I sat back on the chair where I could watch what 
was happening. The girls returned with a pot of steaming water. They sat it 
down between his feet, then lifting a large towel from it, steam flew up 
showing that it was hot, but with the way the girls were handling it, it was 
not so hot as to burn. They told Tim that he was still cold and removed the 
towel across his cock and placed the hot towel in it's place. Tim jumped, 
but calmed down as he felt the heat was not burning his cock and thighs. The 
took another towel and covered his chest and neck. Tim's eyes were closed 
softly, he was enjoying the heated treatment to his body. After the towels 
were replaced several times, Tim was starting to fall asleep. Nancy told 
Karen it was time, so they pulled off the towels and dried him. Then left 
him to feel the room temperature for a second or two. Tim started pulling at 
his bonds again as he felt the room air cooling his skin. Then Nancy took 
his cock in hand and started working it up and down. Karen removed his gag 
then leaned over his head, bringing her breast within his lips reach. He 
took her nipple between his lips and started sucking it. His cock started 
swelling and growing in Nancy's hand. She was pumping it and Karen was 
pushing her tit into his face. Tim was in heaven as far as he cared. His 
cock was fully up now and Nancy let go of it and it stood up like a flag 
pole. Karen pulled away just beyond his reach. Being left without even for a 
second or two, Tim tried to reach up to her nipples and pushing his cock up 
as much as he could, searching for anything. Nancy climbed onto the table 
and placed her cunt over his swollen cock, once its head was pushing against 
her wet pussy lips, the tip started to push her open. The head popped into 
her and she dropped onto his shaft. Tim moaned loudly, but Karen's tit 
filled his mouth and cut off his moan. Nancy was riding his cock like she 
was not ever going to be fucked again. Tim started cumming, his juices 
filled her and the extra ran out and down over his balls. But Nancy's cunt 
was sucking for more, he could not even catch his breath with her pussy 
milking his cock. He was sucking more and more of the tasty tit into his 
mouth. Karen was starting to feel a climax coming on, the sucking at her tit 
and watching Nancy ride him was getting to her too. She slipped into a small 
orgasm, her juices started dripping down her legs. Nancy's cunt milked him 
into cumming again, and Tim was looking like he had about enough. His 
breathing was getting to quick and heavy so I stopped the show. The girls 
quickly released Tim and helped him up and over to the couch. He laid there 
for several minutes before moving on his own. The girls hurried away to get 
cleaned up. When they returned they had their collars on and sat down on the 
floor at my feet, Tim was still on the couch across from my chair but 
sitting up. He looked worn out, happy but tired. Sitting back into my chair, 
I asked the girls what they would do to be allowed to stay with me. They 
were quiet for a long time, then Karen asked, "I want to stay with you but I 
know that my Master is going to want me back!" Nancy said, "Mine too!" "Well 
what would you do or give up to stay with me?" I asked. Again they were 
quiet, then Nancy whispered to Karen and Karen shook her head in approval to 
Nancy. Nancy turned to me and asked if I would allow them time to talk with 
each other. I agreed and taking Tim by the arm we left the room for my 
office. Tim and I poured drinks and sat down. Tim asked why I had asked the 
girls that question. I told him that I had made a deal for them to stay and 
it was already settled but they did not know about it yet. He shook his head 
and said, "I see!" We talked about Tim's adventure with the girls and how he 
felt about it. He was surprised about how much a turn on it was to be tied 
up and forced to do things. He wasn't in control and it scared him at first 
but he liked it once he felt that they were not going to kill him. I told 
him that death isn't the subject here, training in one's feelings and beyond 
is what we are working too. About that time there was a knock at the door 
and the girls asked us to return to the playroom then they went into the 
playroom without waiting for us. We entered the playroom and they were 
standing naked but for their collars, eyes down to the floor, side by side. 
I walked to them and placing a hand under each chin I pulled their eyes to 
mine. "Well? What is your answers?", I asked. They said together, "Master, 
We want you to continue our training. You can train better than both our 
Masters put together and we love your learned hands. We have decided that 
you may have our very lives if you wish, for our ownership was to become 
yours to have." Then they both pulled their chins from my hands and turned 
their eyes down again. "Well, I guess I have to decide if you are worth 
having, don't I?" Going on without waiting for their answer, "When I was 
gone for most of the week, I was making trades and dealing for your 
ownership, and I have you both from here on out. You both are mine." I said. 
The girls looked carefully at each other and they both were grinning at each 
other. Karen said, "Master, we have talked it out and we first thank you, 
and ask for you to mark us showing your ownership of our bodies." I was 
surprised with her request. I asked, "Where did you come up with that 
request?" Nancy replied that Alice had talked to them one night about 
devoting herself to me and she had though that it would be the only way to 
prove it to me was to have you brand her body. She had helped me design a 
brand for me. Alice had shown the girls the brand and they though it would 
be the only way they could prove their loyalty to me. I told them that if 
they had decided then their brands would be set tonight and they said thank 
you. Sending the girls to one bedroom to help each other prepare, I sat Tim 
in one chair and told him that if it bothered him to simply leave quietly 
during the branding. He said that he wanted to watch this. He looked very 
excited. Opening the bottom drawer of my desk I removed a finely finished 
wooden box and set it on the desk top. Opening the box I withdrew a wooden 
wedge device and placed it on a small stand from the box, two square holes 
carved into the sides of the wedge were easy to see. Tim's eyes widened from 
his thoughts of trying to figure out how this thing would work. Taking a 
metal pole stand from the corner I placed the wedge onto the pole and 
adjusted it to about the girls groin height. Taking to small metal squares 
from the box I slid them through the holes to make sure they still fit. It 
had been awhile since it was used on Alice. Tim watch all this little 
fitting I was doing and he had to ask about it, I told him that he would see 
how it works soon. He started to say something else but stopped as he saw 
that I was not paying any attention to him. I attached a lever to the pole 
and the metal squares snapped to the pad that fitted inside the wedge. 
Moving the lever the squares pushed through the wedge and stuck out 1 inch 
from the holes. There were wires hanging from the metal squares which I 
attached to a power cord and that made up the slaves branding device. Made 
so that the slave would brand themselves. Moving the whole device into the 
playroom, I placed it in the middle of the room and adjusted the lights so 
that it was glowing from the four spotlights in the corners of the room. It 
was almost ready. Plugging it into an outlet on the floor, I backed away to 
wait for the girls to return. After a few minutes the room smelled of hot 
metal. Vapor was rising from the wedge. Tim was talking but I was not 
listening to him. My mind was working through what was about to happen. The 
girls walked in, they froze in place when they saw the pole and wedge in the 
middle of the room. I turned on the stereo with soft music then walked to 
the girls and taking each by the arm I walked them to the pole. I plaCED one 
on each side of the pole. Turning them to face my chair, I sat down and 
started to talk, "You have requested to wear my marks, as it was before it 
is today! Once you wear my mark you show your devotion to me and only me." 
Pausing for a moment the girls glanced at the steaming wedge as I continued, 
"To prove yourself to me that it is your decision that you give your very 
life to me, you will mark yourself." The girls looked up quickly when they 
heard that they were to brand themselves. "You will make yourself ready then 
place your pussies onto the wedge, spread your cunt lips over the device and 
when ready, push the lever away from your body. Once you feel the brand 
touch your flesh you are to slowly count out loud to 10 then release the 
lever and remove your pussies and bring them to me for inspection!. If they 
are not marked well enough you will be required to redo the branding." Karen 
looked at Nancy and turning back to me she requested that the other do the 
branding and counting since they were to be sisters of my mark after 
tonight. Thinking for a moment I replied that they could do that, but the 
count had to be from both during the branding. They nodded acceptance and 
Karen raised her leg and brought it down on the other side of the pole. 
Nancy adjusted the pole up into Karen's pussy. Karen pulled her cunt lips 
apart so that the wedge fitted tightly into her cunt. Then she took Nancy's 
hand and pulling her close she leaned forward and kissed her on the cheek 
and hugged her. She then placing Nancy's hand on the lever, closed her eyes 
and waited for the burning her poor cunt was to receive. Nancy pushed the 
lever forward, Karen cried out shortly and then bit her lower lips holding 
back a scream as the marks burned into her inner pussy lips. Smoke started 
to rise from her cunt. She started counting, Nancy counted with her. By the 
time they had reached 6 Karen opened her eyes, tears running down her faces, 
she weakly smiled at Nancy and counted even louder. At the count of ten, 
Nancy released the lever but it had burnt into Karen's flesh and she had to 
pull in down. Karen screamed as the marks pulled away and ripped her burnt 
flesh. Nancy grabbed her in a hug and helped her off the pole. She helped 
Karen stand at the lever and she mounted the pole. After placing Karen's 
hand on it, she kissed Karen and closed her eyes. Karen standing weakly, she 
stood up proud and pushed the lever down. Nancy screamed as they burnt into 
her pussy lips. She felt them burning deep into her. She gulped a breath of 
air and started counting. She opened her eyes at 7 and smiled at Karen. 
Karen was smiling back with tears running down her face again, not because 
of her own pain, but the pain her new sister was standing up to. At the 
count of ten, Karen pulled the lever back up and Nancy screamed and almost 
fell down as they ripped away from her burnt cunt. Karen took her in her 
arms, helped her off the pole and holding each other they walked to me and 
gently bent all the way over so that their asses were toward me and their 
pussies were stuck out from between their legs for my inspection. I told 
them that they were mine now and that I was very proud of them both for 
taking the largest step together! Sending them to their rooms, I looked at 
Tim. He had passed out from the sight. I covered him and let he rest. I 
joined the girls, they were putting creme on each other. Watching them it 
was clear that they were tight into their bond of sisterhood of my Brand. I 
allowed them to talk and helped them to cool their burns with ice. They were 
burnt and their pussy's were sore but they both were like little kids again. 
Laughing at each other just from a look or a sound. Just about anything made 
them giggle. We talked and told jokes until Tim walked in. He looked like he 
had been sick, but he said that he felt ok. It was the branding that had 
made him sick. The girls carefully got up and walked to Tim, then led him 
back to the large bed and we all sat and they told Tim that they wanted to 
wear their Master's mark! It was their way of proving that they belong to 
their Master. I think Tim was starting to understand. But he still had a lot 
to learn, as do the girls. After what seemed to be hours we all drifted off 
to sleep. The next morning I sent Tim home and I returned to the girls. My 
slaves. Soon they would be two very well trained and happy slaves.




 The Cabin
 Part 4

 It has been 5 months since the girls were branded, and they had healed 
well. Their training was started again and we moved on through the fall and 
winter without problems. Tim had called several times but he did not return. 
It was another cold morning, Nancy and Karen had shown such devotion to me 
that for the cold nights of winter we slept together in my bed. It was 
warmer and it helped to reinforce their bond to me. They were not allowed to 
wear their collars in my bed so they felt like they were getting away with 
something. They would receive a daily spanking and then go to their chores. 
In the evening I would run them through various areas of training. One night 
I would work their ass holes with different sized plugs and dildo's. Next 
night I would work on their pussies and the goal every night was for them to 
learn to orgasm on what ever I was doing with them, and cum over and over 
until they reached a point where it was one long orgasm which would not stop 
until I stopped working them. Nancy was always talking to Karen about her 
nipple rings and that she would like a pair but she was afraid to ask me for 
them. Then one morning at breakfast Karen pushed Nancy to my side and after 
a moment of silence, Nancy spoke out. She asked if she was worthy to have 
her nipples pierced. Acting disconcerted about her question I asked her what 
did that have to do with breakfast? Nancy stepped back as far as she could 
with one foot and fell silent again. I sat down at the table and started to 
read the paper. They both quickly served and as they passed each other they 
were whispering, I acted as if I could not hear them. Once they had sat down 
and had made it almost through breakfast I broke the silence and asked her 
if she had really thought about the holes that would be placed through her 
nipples and that they would be forever? She nodded but would not raise her 
head. I dropped it, I was glad she had asked, but I did not want her to know 
that yet. After eating I left the table and the girls cleared the table and 
did the dishes without saying a word even to each other. Once they finished 
they joined me by the fireplace, both on the floor, one by each foot. 
Tapping my pipe they both jumped a little. I spoke out and they both jumped 
a little again. "Nancy!" I said, "You have offered yourself to being given 
another symbol of your slavery and commitment! It is my decision that your 
nipples are to be pierced and rings to be worn from that time on!" Nancy 
(without moving) said, "Thank You Master!" They both got up and walked back 
into the kitchen. Once the door was closed the whispering started again but 
it was excited whispering. Standing up I told them that they were to meet me 
in the Play Room when they finished the kitchen. "Yes Master" from two 
voices was all that could be heard in return. I sat on the edge of desk and 
waited but I did not have to wait long. They both entered and stood in front 
of me shoulder to shoulder and waited for my inspection and orders. I 
inspected them one at a time. Playing with each body part slowly which 
caused each of them to get very wet. They turned around and bent over so I 
could inspect their asses. I pushed a large butt plug into their dripping 
pussies and once soaked pushing the plugs hard into their assholes in one 
quick push. Their asses tightened up for a second then they forced their 
asses to relax. Taking Karen aside, using cords I tied first one breast 
tightly then the other. Karen's tits were swelling as were her nipples, 
larger and larger from the cords pressure. Taking a training belt with a 
large dildo attached, I placed the rubber dick against her pussy lips and 
pushed it deep into her. She moaned as it hit the top limit of her dripping 
hole. The belt once locked around her held it tight into her cunt. Karen was 
ready, she was to assist me with Nancy. We took her by the arms and led her 
to the center of the room and placed her wrists into the leather cuffs which 
hung there. Then a spreader bar was attached loosely to her ankles. Once her 
wrists were pulled high over her head, I adjusted the spreader bar so that 
her feet were wide apart. Nancy's arms were high over her head and her feet 
were forced so wide she had trouble standing. I fixed this problem by 
raising her by her wrists until her feet were 12 inches off the ground. 
Using short chains on the ends of the spreader bar and attaching the other 
ends to rings in the floor stopped her from swinging. Karen put on rabbit 
fur gloves and started to rub Nancy's legs, then slowing moved around her 
body. The only part that did not feel the fur was Nancy's dripping cunt 
which was sending drops of wetness running down her legs. I took a 
cat-o-nine from the wall and slowly brushed Nancy's nipples which were hard 
as rocks. Nancy started moaning. I placed a ball gag into her mouth and tied 
it tight. I swung the cat so that it hit her ass with some force, she jumped 
but then pushed her ass back to have another. She was ready so I swung again 
and again until her ass was red. Nancy was jumping with each one but moaning 
hard into her gag. I moved to her tits, first one then the other. Her tit 
flesh was turning red and then came the riding crop. Aiming at her nipples, 
each received 20 blows. Nancy had tears running down her cheeks but she 
still pushed her nipples forward for more. All during this Karen was still 
rubbing her with the fur. I handed Karen a double ended dildo and she pushed 
one end into Nancy's wet pussy and working it into her the wetness soaked 
the whole dildo. Karen rubbed the wetness around the other end and placed it 
against Nancy's asshole and slowly worked it into her ass . With Nancy's 
horniness, her ass all but sucked the tip in. Once it popped into her tight 
after hole, Karen pushed it into her. Soon it was deep into both holes. The 
dildo held her cunt lips open and left her clit exposed. Nancy started to 
cum and I started whipping her exposed clit with the cat. Nancy just came 
all the harder with every blow of the cat. She floated in orgasm for a 
couple of minutes with the cat flying into her hot, burning clit all the 
while. Her head fell limp and hung down, I dropped the cat onto the nearby 
chair and taking more rabbit fur. Karen removed the dildo, Nancy's holes 
held it tight but it finally fell from her cunt and then her asshole 
released it. Karen and I both rubbed her burning flesh until she came again. 
Leaving her hanging for a few moments, I took out a nipple piercing set from 
a drawer and placed it in front of Nancy so she could see it when she calmed 
down. Once she had seen the needle and rings in front of her, she looked 
toward Karen, and Karen walked behind Nancy's hanging body and simply hugged 
her from behind. Karen was going to hug her, being there with her until her 
nipples were done. I again asked her if she was ready and willing to be 
pierced? She nodded YES and held her head up to show me that she was strong. 
Taking ice cubes I placed one against each nipple. Nancy just closed her 
eyes and pushed her head back to touch Karen's head. Taking the needle and 
one nipple, I placed the needle point against the base of her nipple. Nancy 
pushed her head a little harder against Karen's and Karen tightened her hug 
around Nancy. Nancy did not jump or move as the needle penetrated into her 
nipple flesh. Just one tear formed at the corner of her eye, but she was 
trying to smile even with the gag in place. The tear was from happiness not 
pain. Pushing the needle all the way through her first nipple, I placed the 
first ring so it would push the needle through and out the other side of the 
nipple, it was pushed into place. One little drop of blood formed at the 
exit point and the ring was snapped shut. Nancy opened her eyes and looked 
down at her other nipple and watch while it was pierced and ringed just as 
the other nipple had been. She was crying but had a look in her eyes of 
fulfillment and happiness. After the ring was snapped shut, I took her chin 
in hand and raised her head so she was looking me in the eyes. She tried 
weakly to look away, but I forced her to look at my eyes. I told her that 
she was partly ringed as was Karen now. And if she worked hard to please me, 
I would at a later date pierce her clit and pussy lips and at that time she 
would know her training would be complete. She closed her eyes and grinned 
again around her gag. I applied a healing creaming to each nipple, removed 
the spreader bar and then lowered her to her feet. She stood up weakly, but 
tried to show me that she was proud of her new rings. Karen was crying and 
telling her how pretty her nipples were now. Slowly she was released and 
helped into a chair nearby. Once in the chair Karen removed her gag and as 
soon as her mouth was freed she asked if she could have her pussy rings too. 
Karen had a look of excitement in her eyes too. But I told them that their 
training was not completed yet, and they would know when to ask again! But 
not to ask before they were really ready. Then I moved to the other side of 
the room and sat down. The girls were comparing their rings and although 
Nancy was weak from her work out, she was so excited that she could not sit 
still. Karen had already made the commitment earlier and now Nancy had moved 
over the line. Once at this point I knew they would make it. They had given 
themselves fully to me. Now it was up to me to teach them to be strong. But 
that is another story and I will write about it another day. For the time 
being they were happy and had learned to give into my control. They had 
found their place, and learned to find fulfillment in it. Good bye for now. 

The Pleasure Master




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





