BDSM Library - She Just Wanted To Be Liked




She Just Wanted To Be Liked
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jenny's story began when her husband took the dominant role of their relationship. Here are some of her adventures with her husband, as well as some other men and women.
Another story by PAGAN (kayce69@fsworld.co.uk).
IF YOU LIKE IT PLEASE e-MAIL ME WE CAN CHAT OR EXCHANGE.

      SHE JUST WANTED TO BE LIKED.


      Her name was Jenny,had it all,young, attractive,married and lived
well,married to a high flier, a, got to have it, no one say's no to me and don't
argue with me,I'm right your wrong,type of guy called Gerry and she didn't
argue, as there was no where else for her to go,no money of her own or no family
to be with.

      I suppose her story really begins when Gerry got the big promotion,the
overseas buyer,that gave him real power and did he use it, in work and at
home,what he wanted he had,he made his wife his slave making her wear all sort's
of kinky thing's and doing anything he wanted,much as she hated it,there was no
choice it was her job to make her man happy and when he was away she had little
money and they never made friend's in that kind of neighbour hood,but there was
always plenty of drink in the house,her only comfort.

      It was after a trip to Ireland,he had caught a young female rep trying to
fiddle the book's to cover a cash short fall,which if the company found out,
could have had her in court,he decided to invite her to his home for the evening
to see if he could help out.

      Drink's flowed freely and nothing was said about the problem all night
until Pam was a little drunk and of course he made sure Jenny was a lot drunk
then he made his move,"Why don't you show Pam your fine wardrobe of evening
dress's,she's about your size and if she is to stay with the company and I say
if or not, she will have to go to business meeting's,"    reluctantly Jenny took
Pam upstair's as it was know use saying no and they looked at some clothes as
Gerry came in,"Try that one on,"he ordered, Pam looked at him,when he did'nt
leave the room she did her best to put it on and hide her amble charm's,half way
through he said,"You don't wear very good undie's do you,stop there and let's
see some of Jenny's undie's,what are you wearing tonight,"  Jenny knew he knew
what, as he had told her over the phone and they were very tarty,but she did as
she was told and took her dress of,Gerry grinned," Very nice my darling find
something like that for Pam,and then Pam can put them on can't you Pam,"he spat
the word Pam out and she knew she had no choice and again she tried to hide as
the stocking's, suspenders,cut away pantie's and half cut bra were given to her
and she was forced put them on," My, you two look good enough to eat,Pam you
look beautiful,don't you think so Jenny,"Jenny looked down,"I said DON'T YOU
THINK SO," Jenny jumped,"y y y yes,oh yes Gerry" he smiled ,"Then give her a
kiss to show her," she stared at him but the way he was looking told her he was
not joking,she closed her eye's and gave Pam a quick peck,"Call that a kiss,oh
no my dear wife I mean a proper kiss,now try again,you don't want me to get
annoyed do you,"the way it was said left no doubt in Jenny that she had to do
it,again she closed her eye's and placed her lip's on Pam's,"Open your mouth
Pam,enjoy my lovely wife's tongue and then she can enjoy your's," and Gerry sat
and watched his two toy's, dressed only in skimpy underwear, do as he
ordered,kissing and tonguing each other,"You look uncomfortable stood up,lay on
the bed,you both know you kiss better laying down,come on ladies's quickly
now,don't want to waste time do we,"Jenny looked at him and then Pam,she went to
speak,or plead with him to stop this but his lust- full stare stopped her,and
she sat on the bed pulling Pam down and then they laid there and kissed again.

      He slowly got on the bed behind Jenny and she felt that he would stop this
and be her's for the night but all he did was pull her bra strap down and force
her tit out,she heard him," Like the look of this Pam,you can kiss this she has
lovely nipple's come on,"  and he got hold of her hair and pulled her down to
Jenny's nipple's,Jenny pleaded with him to stop,all he told her was to lay there
and enjoy it, you never know, Pam may enjoy it so much she may find other places
to lick,a groan was heard from Pam but she was being forced onto Jenny's
nipple,he told Pam to carry on sucking,while he took of his own clothes,Gerry
grinned at Jenny,"I may need a little relief after you two have explored each
other a little more,infact Jenny,why don't you see how much fun is in Pam's
pant's," that was enough Jenny sat up and said no,no more,Gerry got her by the
hair and held her jaw," Do as you are told our you are history,do you
understand,get your face into her cunt and do as your husband tells you."

      Defeated and in total misery she turned to Pam and moved down her
body,"That's my girl,go hunt the cunt, I want to see you make her cum,"he bent
and whispered in her ear,"Don't worry I'll make sure she does you as well."

      Pam laid there with her arm over her eye's as the tears ran down her
check,Jenny was chocking back tears as she moved Pam's pant's to the side and
lowered her head between her leg's,a well placed hand pushed her the last few
inch's until she was forced to start her degrading act,Gerry voice was hot with
pleasure",Get your tongue right up her,suck that clit,come on enjoy it,you don't
get a nice young cunt like this everyday,"he lowered his voice,"She's mine to do
with as I like,as are you my darling wife,move your ass up so I can get your
pantie's off,I,ve got plan's for what's between your leg's,"Jenny moved and her
pant's were soon off and Gerry was pulling her round and over Pam,"Move your
arm,I want a pillow under your head and Jenny's cunt in your face,as for you
Jenny darling let's have her pant's off and see you two give your-selves a good
tongue fucking,I,m going to set back and enjoy this."

      He sat in the bedroom chair as the two unwilling women did there
disgusting act until they could not help themselves and their body's made them
wet and a forced orgasm followed,much to the enjoyment of their sick voyeur,he
got up and his hard cock waved menacingly at them."Very good ladies now lick
each other's cum of your face's,and then,for being such horny bitch's you can
play with my cock," the two women meekly obeyed until Gerry moved forward,Jenny
moved to hold his cock but he slapped her hand away,with a cruel smile he
said,"One mouth ether side of my boner and lick it till it give's you both
something else to lick off your pretty face's,"and with both hand's he held each
beautiful head as he forced their mouth's to lick his cock,taking it in turn's
to push his cock in one mouth then the other,exploding over them and then
holding them while they licked the cum off each other,he forced Pam back on her
knee's so she could suck him,till he was hard,while this was happening he had
Jenny sucking Pam's nipple's and playing with her own cunt,when he was hard he
got Jenny to lay with her leg's open so Pam could kneel and lick her, as he
fucked Pam's cunt and ass from behind enjoying the fact that Pam had never taken
it up the ass before,then he made them both lick his cock clean after he had
come up her ass.

      Gerry dressed but kept the girl's naked,they went down stair's and as he
enjoyed another beer he, had them sixty-nine again before taking the dazed Pam
home,his final humiliation was to have Pam's face in his lap with her mouth
wrapped round his cock blow-jobbing him all the way home.

      Gerry treatment of Jenny was always as a bully and if she was to so much
as answer back, speak to anyone or have them in the house, then he got a
likening for the belt and that terrified Jenny,yet sometime's he was so nice but
as the week's went on he got more and more powerful in the firm and Jenny got
more and more lonely.

      He had been away two day's on one of his business trip's and there was
still five day's to go, Jenny had not been all that sober with nothing to do,
she even found an old dairy but found nothing to write and was totally fed
up,she thought of getting dressed up as she was just in her little shortly
button up the front house dress,which showed off her lovely leg's,she did'nt
need make-up and her hair was it's lovely tussled self,and she was on our third
brandy of the morning,when there was a knock on the door,unusual as there was
only that dirty horrid post-man, that was ever around,but Jenny answered it.

      Three gypsy women were there and as soon as she opened the door they
started,"Want to buy some clothes line,maybe some peg's,lucky white heather or
beads,come on pretty lady buy from a gypsy,"they were almost in the door,Jenny
said ,"Alright yes,let me get my purse," they were really intimidating and they
could see Jenny was a little tipsy,they followed her in and shut the door,they
gathered round her in the kitchen,"having a drink,is anyone else here,"one
asked,seeing she was corned Jenny said,"No,he's away on business,"Trying to
sound friendly,"it was nice to have people to talk to and seemed to like
her,another piped in,"Then we will have a drink to,yes," Jenny just
said,"Yes,"and they helped themselves,another said,"How about some food as we
are here,"again Jenny said,"Yes,"as they poured themselves drink's one said,"Are
you making us food then,are you,"again Jenny said,"Yes,"they laughed,"Say's yes
to anything this one do'es,don't you pretty lady,what's your name,"   "Yes,I
mean Jenny," she hurried with the food and the gypsies stayed close to her.

      As she was finishing the sandwiches she was handed another drink while one
of them was looking in the fridge,they were all about middle fifties and short
but very strong in look's so Jenny just enjoyed the moment and the drinking
company,the one in the fridge came out with a foam cream can,just as Jenny's arm
got knocked and drink spelt on her dress so the cream was fired from the can and
hit the same spot,"Oh dear,what a mess on pretty ladies dress we must not let it
stain and hand's started to wipe at Jenny's dress right over her tit,one
said,"Take the dress off,I will wash,she has been so nice to us," and Jenny felt
finger's undoing the button's,much as she protested the dress was soon being
pulled off her shoulders leaving her standing in only her pantie's,the women
grinned at each other,as one spoke,"My what a pretty lady,you have such big
breast's and such big nipple's,I bet your husband can't get enough of your's,I
have never had such breast's,can you lick your nipple's,"Jenny was flustered and
confused,"I don't know it is something I have never thought of,"the one with the
cream can said,"I,ll squirt some on your nipple,let's see you lick it off,"Jenny
tried to move but they kept her pinned between them as her nipple was covered in
this cream,she had no choice,"Do it then sweet Jenny let's see,"Jenny slowly
took hold of her breast and put her tongue to it,scooping cream of her nipple,"a
voice behind her said,"I thought she would have a nice long tongue,let's go into
the lounge and we can eat"as they walked out of the kitchen one of them saw the
belt hanging on the back of the door,"This what husband use's to keep you in
line," and she took it as Jenny hurried by.

      One sat in the arm chair and the other's sat each end of the sofa,Jenny
said she should go and get something to put on,but before she could she was
pulled down between the two on the sofa,"Just sit here,sweet Jenny while we
eat,"They took two mouthfuls before the one on the chair said,"Poor Jenny not
eating,she should have something in her mouth,it's to pretty a mouth to have
nothing in it,why don't you get on the floor Jenny dear,now."

      She cracked the belt hard and Jenny looked at her with fear in her
eye's,and she spat the word,now, out again,Jenny was pushed off the sofa and
onto the floor,the woman with the belt spoke again,"You see my two friend's,well
they want you to do them a favour while they eat the food you have made for
us,they want you to eat them,"Jenny went to move,but she was up and holding the
belt,"Just get under their skirt's and in their pant's with your tongue and do a
good job or we must hurt you,"Jenny sobbed,"But I thought you liked me," with a
grin she said,"We do, but we would like you better when you tongue fuck us,now
do it,or,"Jenny knew what the or was and slowly she moved to the sitting women
who had their leg's wide open and lifted a skirt,she went under it and felt a
hand pushing her down onto a pair on grime coloured pant's,she put her hand in
the side and pulled them,opening a cunt to her and lowered her mouth,she tasted
awful but she could not move from the hand holding her, at the same time she
felt her own pantie's being pulled down and a hand exploring her,pushing into
her ass and cunt,she took age's to get the woman off but as soon as she did she
was forced to do the same to the next,and she took even longer,Jenny mouth and
tongue were so sore,she just laid on the floor.

      She did'nt lay for long,soon she found herself being marched naked
upstairs's and thrown on her own bed,the three women took their clothes off and
Jenny was soon back sucking on sagging breast's and crusty nipple's before
having to lick cunt again,the worst was having to lay on her back as they took
turn's to sit on her face,and ground the cunts down to her mouth forcing her to
lick hard as they pinched her nipple's and cunt lip's for three hour's this went
on until Jenny just lay at their mercy,they were getting dressed when one
said,"Did you get hot,bet you did, fine looker like you need's fucking,soon my
darling,soon and before she could react to what she had heard the three women
jumped her and when they had finished Jenny had her pants tied in her mouth,her
elbows were tied tight together making her tit's push out, her wrist's were tied
to her ankle's which had been crossed, tied and pulled up her back,Jenny was
hog-tied,as the women left the last one came over to her and put clothes pegs on
her ,one on each nipple and five on her cunt lip's and clit,she said,"Now that
will keep those hot spot's hotter, don't you go away, we will go and get you
some company to see that those big nipple's get a good licking and that hot
young cunt of your's get's the fucking it need's,"Jenny heard the front door
bang and wondered what she meant.

      It had been about half an hour as Jenny tried to free herself,when she
heard voice's down stair's,have you got the beer,who's got the food,and then she
heard footsteps coming up stairs and the bedroom door opened, the first thing
she heard was,"Fucking hell, the slags were right there's a great piece of fuck
trussed up here,"footsteps came running up stair's and two more men came in,they
stood around the bed gazing at the beautiful bound woman.

      They did'nt look for long they were soon fingering her cunt and playing
with the peg's on her cunt and nipple's,one spoke,"You want us to take these
of,if you don't want to be hurt, you do us good and you will be alright,you know
what we are going to do,"Jenny nodded and the peg's were removed,tears ran down
her face as the blood went back to her most tender place's and finger's pinched
and pulled at her as her gag was taken out,her pleading's went ignored as she
was lifted of the bed,still hog-tied and knelt on the floor,the way she was tied
with her leg's forced open and her elbows pinned to force her tit's out,her
mouth was just where they wanted it and soon there was a cock stuck in it,a man
was behind her with his hand between her legs finger fucking her as the other
gorged on her nipple's.

      It did'nt take long before Jenny was swallowing he first mouthful of male
cream and she was being put back on the bed,forced down which made her legs pull
very wide and her tit's stand firm ready for the first load to be dumped up her
cunt,her head had been pulled to the side of the bed and her mouth was wrapped
round another cock,she lay there defeated and agreed to do anything if she was
untied,she was and they helped her downstairs's where she feed them and gave
them drinks,in-between being on her knees sucking cock, bent over the sofa being
fucked from behind,kneeling on all fours with one in her mouth and one up her
ass,letting them fuck off between her tit's,at one point they even made her put
on a show with a cucumber while they got ready to give it to her  three hole's
at once,that was a huge fucking on the lounge floor, after playing with her for
another two hours using her hole's again and again they left her exhorted.

      Her first thoughts were the police but no,Gerry he would never believe she
had'nt let them in, as infact she had,she decided to write it all down in that
dairy she had to see if it sounded as though she had been forced but really the
way it read it sounded as if she let them and in the end enjoyed it but she knew
she had'nt,best keep quite and she did.

      Gerry had been home and gone away again when one morning the dirty old
post-man knocked on the door and said he had a letter to sign for,she signed for
it but he insisted she open it and to her horror there were picture's of that
awful day of her licking out women and fucking men in all kinds of
position's,this pervert had been looking in with a camera as he was always's
trying to peep at and take picture's of women on his round,he smiled in triumph
at the shock on Jenny's face,"These are the copies's,shall we go in and talk
about them,"Jenny went in, still in shock,"I don't think you should be going
behind your husband's back,like this,I think someone should let him know what's
going on,he give's you all these nice thing's and you fuck around,I just thought
I would warn you so you can start packing,"Jenny gasped,"No no please don't tell
him,"Malcolm looked at her,"I will have to think about it,I will finish my round
and be back at noon,to give you my answer,"

      Jenny was still dazed when he came back,he came straight into the lounge
and sat down,Jenny went to speak but he put his hand up,"I,ll do the talking,fix
me a drink and this is what I want you to do,as you know I enjoy photograph's
and you are beautiful so you will pose for me any way I want you to,don't argue
that's the deal.

      For the next  hour Jenny was made to change into different underwear and
photo's were taken,making her smile and laugh,then he got worse, wanting her
take a tit out and then topless,and then pull her panties to one side,then down,
she said no he was not going to see her naked it was bad enough being  forced to
pose in erotic position's with a smile on her face,so he gave up trying and
finally he finished the film and Jenny rushed upstairs's to put on her
housecoat,she came down and asked for the copies's and when would she get the
originals,he looked at her and gave her the envelope with the photo's in, on the
envelope was Gerry's business address,he smiled,"See I know where he work's so
you sit down beside me and we will talk about the photo's I have, and the
photo's I have just taken,I bet I could make a calendar of these and post them
to his client's and work mate's,"Jenny felt sick inside as she sat looking at
him beside her.

      He looked back at her,"You want the rest then I will tell you what we will
do.I have another roll of film and I want to do some bondage shot's for my own
collection, nothing kinky,when I have them you can have the others,I know you
have seen me looking at you, I like you,I have fantasized about that cute ass of
your's and being your master only because of the way you look down on me so I
would like to have picture's of you tied up,that's the deal and you know you
can't say no," he was right and Jenny knew it,and she could only watch as he
loaded his camera.

      Jenny said, in as strong a manor as she could,"I will do this but only in
my underwear,and you give me your word that I will have all the photo's,"Malcolm
said,"Look as I said I like you I would have been happy to have come in for a
cup of coffee,it was you who did'nt want to be nice of course I give you my word
and I promise not to show the bondage pictures to anyone,they really are for my
pleasure," Jenny smiled and ask what she should put on,he asked her to wear the
red pants and bra with the pale pink hold up stockings and her highest
heel's,she felt better now that he,d promised and said he liked her.

      She went upstair's to put the set on,he was soon out in the shed looking
for rope, tape and anything else that may come in handy,he looked in the garage
and came back smiling,she looked stunning when she came back and he said so,"You
are really beautiful and you must tell me if I tie to tight, won't you,but I
want to make a story of the shot's so we will start off with you coming in and
seeing a burglar,then of you being over powered and tied up,is that all
right,"Jenny nodded .

      He set up the camera and the story started and soon he had Jenny with her
wrist's crossed behind her and helpless, he then gagged her,it was then that he
changed,he pushed her on her back and straddled kneeling over her,"I like you
allright,I will like you even more when I have these panties and bra off and
these nice big tit's tied up like balloons so I can chew on them fucking great
nipple's,that's before I hoist you up in the garage and spank that cute ass
you,ve got,my only problem is, do I start fucking you now or save the first one
till your ass is red,god I have dreamed of this moment,you at my mercy and me
just about to fuck all your holes for the rest of the day and most of the
night,with you tied in some really tight knot's in many position's."

      He tied her leg's and went to get a drink and have a look round,in
draw's,cupboards,handbag's,anywhere he may find something interesting,until he
came back to his struggling victim brandishing scissors,"Just going to make you
more comfy,can't have you with all those clothes on,I can't see those lovely big
tit's, or that adorable cunt of your's,"and with a scotch in one hand and
scissors in the other in set to and stripped Jenny as she pleaded through the
gag, he was like a frenzied animal as he sucked at her nipple's and bent her
leg's back over her tit's fingering her cunt,"this is all mine,I can do what
ever I want to it and you,"then he tied her leg's up in that position so he
could hold her cunt lip's open and really give her a good licking, his tongue
licking and sucking almost drinking the juice in her cunt,biting at her clit
before the spanking started and in that position he could enjoy spanking and
fingering her at the same time,he got her crying which was he signal to stand
her up and march her to the garage,there he tied her to the hoist and then he
bound her tit's and sucked them till they were so sore he had her crying
again,he told her he would give them a rest but that meant that Jenny was going
to feel the heat of his belt,he got so turned on by whipping her ass and
flicking the belt at her cunt that only half way in to it he had to fuck her
cunt and he was hard at it for some time,he bent her further over so as to hurt
her ass some more with his belt and fingers so that she begged him to fuck her
to stop the pain this time it was her mouth he used. After the garage it was her
bedroom, bound in a kneeling position in the middle of the bed with rope's to
the side's, holding her still so he could fuck her ass,mouth and cunt anytime he
felt like it and he felt like it a lot of time's,as night feel she was tied with
her arms up to the bed head and her ankle's crossed.pulled up to a rope around
her waist and he never untied her tit's they were so blue and big with her
nipple's so permanently erect that she had,had bulldog clips,peg's and his teeth
on them all afternoon and the night was still to come.

      All night he played with Jenny fucking her so much with his cock or
anything else he had that her cunt and ass were unbelievable in so much pain,he
knew that and would threaten her with another fucking with a large object
knowing that she would beg him to use her mouth to save the pain and he loved
that as the way she was tied made it fun to watch her struggle around the bed to
please him and he never helped, just layed there and made her do all the
work,making sure she got it to the back of her throat and had it all in her
mouth even as she gagged he would',nt let her head go until she had swallowed
every drop of his cum.

      In the early hours of the morning he untied her and left without a
word,Jenny hide the photo's he had left in the dairy and wrote it all down
vowing never to see him again,but still wondering how she would get the other
photo's away from him,Gerry got back and she hid the last of the bruises with
make up,Gerry had be wonderful in the two week's he was home and Jenny was happy
again but to soon he was  involved in the next interview at their northern head
office where he could get the big job he wanted,it would mean moving to a
company house and a lot more importance in the firm.

      He left early for the interview,kissing Jenny he said he would stay
overnight and be back tomorrow,Jenny lay back and dreamed of moving away to a
happier area, away from the memories of this house,her dream's were brought back
to reality when she suddenly had another kiss,she woke with a start.

      " Hello sweetheart,I,ve come to see how those nipple's of your's are,I
fancy playing with them again and of course that juicy cunt needs a look at or
should I say a seeing to," Malcolm was standing over the bed holding the spare
front door key he had stolen, Jenny tried to move but he held her,"Look what's
in my top pocket,yes it's those photo's you want,you do pose well,you want
them,I want you again,or shall I go after hubby,"Jenny stared at him with hate
in her eye's and stopped struggling,he smiled down at her,"That's right,you just
lay there and be a good girl,while I play with you,I,m fed up with wanking over
those bondage picture's,time for the real thing,"he let her go and pulled the
bedcovers down,she only had her babydoll nighty on and she looked delouses,he
took of his shirt and Jenny saw the picture's in his top pocket and he dropped
his shirt on the floor,she slowly opened her leg's and said,"I suppose you want
to do things to this,"he licked his lip's,"You bet I want to suck that cunt of
your's dry,then get it slippery again with a cock full of cream get your knee's
up and spread those lovely leg's,use your finger's to hold that hole open for my
tongue,you think I fucked you last time,well this time your going to earn those
photo's,mostly with that beautiful mouth of your's,I love the way it wraps round
me and you suck cock."

      Jenny watched him go down on her cunt,fingering her snd sucking and she
made nice moaning noises,pushing her hip's up to meet his tongue but her mind
was on the pocket as soon as he was to excited to think she was going to go for
them and rip them up,the time was now or never and she went for them  they ended
up wrestling on the floor,she had them in her hand but he had her leg's and he
was bending them up her back the pain was terrible and she cried out,he had
her,"Drop them bitch,I said drop them,"she did,he grabbed them and pulled a bag
out from under the bed,Jenny saw thing's fall from the bag as he got some rope
out,thing's that made her fell sick,clip's tape,strap's,ring gag's and
vibrator's.

      Soon he had her elbows held by a strap and a rope around her neck pulling
her off the floor,"That was'nt very cleaver was it, now I will deal with you,but
it's going to be rough,you saw my fun bag well I am going to have some real fun
with you and that bags got all I need," Jenny went to protest but he clamped her
mouth with his hand as he got a ring gag and fitted it in,standing back he
looked at the helpless women and said,"Where shall I begin,mmmmm,I,ve never used
a ring gag before,we can start there,you hungry for a cock cream breakfast,but
to show there's no hard feeling's,well yet,I have some vibrating cunt ball's
let's see what they do to you,when there snugly up that cunt of your's" and so
his enjoyment of Jenny began.

      He had to slap her ass hard till she was forced to let him push the cunt
balls in,he taped the control to her and switched on,she had never felt anything
like it but she did'nt have time to think as he was soon ramming his cock into
her mouth,raping her through the ring gag,but the balls were soon having the
desired effect and he laughed as she squirmed and moaned she wriggled trying to
get them out but the more she moved the more they made her wet,he looked into
her pleading eye's,"Getting to you,making that cunt of your's hot and wet,want
me to wank you a bit,maybe lick some juice out,got a nice long thin one for your
ass,want to try it,whats up can't talk with your mouth full,allright I,ll stick
it up your ass any way,I,m told it buzzes's and moves a treat, let's find
out,just as soon as my fat cock has  cum in your sweet little mouth"soon Jenny
was being bent over and the dildo was up her ass and taped in and switched
on,Malcolm stood back and watched his prize roll around the carpet trying to beg
him to stop but all he did was hold her down and play with her soaking
cunt,licking sucking,wanking her slippery hole everything to drive Jenny to a
degrading orgasm,it soon happened,but he left them in,Jenny shook her head with
a begging look in her eye's and he told her if she wanted them out then he would
take off the gag and she was to kiss,lick and suck his cock,she nodded and he
had his way.

      He made her take her time kissing and licking,tickling his balls with her
tongue not letting her suck him hard he enjoyed slapping the side of her face
with his cock saying,"You want to get me off,not yet,soon you can have it,don't
be in such a rush,you can have my cock I now you love to have it in you,", till
he knew the torment in her cunt was starting her off again and he took his cock
away and laid her down removed the balls and just played with her till she was
to far gone to protest,then he laid on his back with his cock in the air and to
relieve herself Jenny was forced, with her arm's bound behind her to sit on it
and fuck him as he mauled and played with her tit's,till he filled her cunt
again.

      All through the day he helped himself to her, even when she had her hand's
tied infront and her knee's tied so she could make him food he would be fucking
her ass,he always kept her tied in a way that made him her master,she visited
the hoist twice for a good spanking,the third time he tied her wrist's to her
ankle's hoisted her to cock height and fucked her as she swung helplessly in
front of him,he tied her tit's and clipped them and only took them off after she
had fucked herself with the vibrator's,while sucking him again,he even tied her
in a way to make her a footstool while he watched football,with his feet on her
back,fucking her ass at half time,he loved sitting on the sofa while she lay
across him,with her arms tied behind her licking and kissing his balls and cock
before tying her in another humiliating position to be fucked again and
again,cunt,mouth,ass and tit's so many time's that she thanked god when morning
came and he left,leaving half the picture's saying he would be working her cunt
again for the other half,but that was not to be,she hid them with the rest and
even wrote a little in the diary but her happiest writing was that Gerry got the
promotion,she thought she must burn those pictures when they moved to the
company estate and a new big house,with a nice company car.

      It was a very new big house,infact they were still painting it as they
moved in,the two painter's were Ken and Frank,old guy's Jenny guest at late
fifties but very strong and they were very helpful moving stuff around for Jenny
while Gerry was wrapped up in work,she would always's be making them tea and
sandwich's and she liked them and they said they liked her,another thing was the
estate had it's own shopping centre and it was so nice to be able to buy a few
nice thing's herself, and go to the gym to get herself in really nice shape, she
really was looking and feeling good in only a week she had forgotten the last
house, Gerry would let her have a little money as he was so busy  going to work
early and not getting home till after business dinner and of course the aboard
trip's would be coming up but Jenny new he was doing it for her.

      She had been to the gym and got home around two,she said" hy" to the
painter's and they smiled back as she went upstairs's to get changed,she went to
her undie's draw and put her hand in to pick out some clean pant's only to find
them covered in a wet creamy slime,she was really mad and went down to the
painter's,"What have you been doing in my bedroom,have your been in my
draw's,"Ken laughed,"No but we see a lot have,that's some diary you have and as
for them photo's,no wonder you don't want your old man to know about them or his
boss's,would'nt do his career any good or your marriage, you,d be out of this
house and walking  faster than we wanked in your undie's.

      Jenny,who still had on her short's and sport's top, sank onto the sofa,she
mustard a last chance,"Give my property back to me and stay out of my thing's or
I will report you,you could lose your job for this,"Frank just looked at her,"I
think you would lose a lot more than us,so shut the fuck up and as for staying
out of your thing's little madam,yes we will stay out of your bedroom draw's but
we are going have a look in your draw's and now is as good a time as any, so get
your short's and pant's down so we can have a good look at what you have between
your leg's,"

      Jenny looked at both of them,"You can't do this to me,I thought you liked
me please don't,"Ken moved towards her,"We can do what we want when we want,now
stand up and take them short's and pant's off our we will take them off for you
and turn around while you do it so I can see that great ass you keep wiggling
around the house,if you knew the amount of time's I,ve wanted to goose you,now
fucking do it,"

      Jenny  stood up and looked at them as Frank moved forward,"If you don't
want to take them off you don't have to,"Jenny's heart took a leap, as Frank sat
on the sofa,"I,ll just slide my hand up under them and see what I can find,"Ken
came over and stood beside Jenny,"And I,ll slide my hand down the back of them
and we can shake hand's  in heaven," they both laughed as Jenny felt Frank's
hand go up her leg under her short's and Ken slid his hand under the waist band
and down over her bottom,Jenny started to cry and beg them to stop,Ken came
close to her ear,"Do you know how long it's been since we had a good looking
piece of cunt like you,your my idea of page three,ever since you moved in we
have worked to get you  in this position and we intend to have you in plenty of
other position's, and after seeing them picture's of you,you will be naked,now
just you stand there like a good girl while we play with you and have a feel of
your interesting place's."

      Jenny just stood there defeated,her eye's shut but still the tear's ran as
the men enjoyed the humiliation of her and she felt their hand's push further
into her short's, probing,searching for her most private part's,she squealed as
Ken inserted his finger in her ass,"Don't come that,I,ve seen a picture of you
with a cock up there,wait till it's my cock," and he licked the side of her
face,she felt his hand go under her sport's top and up to her breast's,"
Big,plump and firm,just as I had imagined,oh good longer nipple's than I hoped
for, nice to nibble on," and his finger's rubbed them till they stood proud,as
Ken was doing this Frank had her short's and pant's to one side running his
finger's along her slit,playing with her clit between his finger's," Come on Ken
let's have these pant's down,and her leg's open I fancy a lick at this little
cunt,I really want to tongue her out,"Ken pulled at the back of her short's
until they were round her knee's and then he shoved her top up,"If he's licking
your cunt I,m having some big plump tit in my mouth."

      Jenny stood there in the middle of her own lounge with one man licking and
sucking her cunt and another biting her nipples and squeezing her tit while his
other hand stroked her bottom,"Please don't do this to me,please stop,I,m a
married women,leave me alone," Ken stopped sucking her nipples,"If your a
married woman than you know want a man like's and this man want's you to undo
his flies and take his cock out,I don't like to think of you having nothing to
play with," and he took Jenny's hand and guided it to his flie's,as all this was
happening Frank was getting more tongue and finger up Jenny's cunt,a quick tug
on her hair soon forced her to open Ken's flies and pull his hard cock out,Frank
looked up at her,"You've got two hands,time to let you wrap your hand round
mine,much as it pains me to leave this lovely flat stomach with it's beautiful
bushy cunt mound,your big tit's will have to do," and Jenny soon found herself
wanking two cock's as she stood open legged with men sucking her tit's,kissing
her and playing with her ass and cunt,she wanked them very hard hoping to make
them come,but they were wise to that and as soon as they were ready Jenny was on
her knee's with one up her cunt and another in her mouth.

      The rest of the day the only work the painter's did was on Jenny,keeping
her naked all afternoon they fucked her relentlessly,for two old guy's their
appetite for the beautiful dark haired housewife was unstoppable,it was'nt till
six when they left that she did'nt have a cock in one of her hole's,she lay in
her bath exhorted cursing the fact that she had not burnt those pictures.

      Gerry came home and Jenny was cooking for him,trying to act as
normal,"Those painter's have,nt done much today,you had better tell them to get
something done and done quick,I want the garage done next,"Jenny said " Why
don't you report them and get them moved to a different site,we may get some
faster one's,their not very good,"Jenny hope's were soon dashed,"No they have
been good perhaps your distracting them,it's all right being nice to them and
doing thing's for them but don't over do it," that night he made tender love to
her but all she could see was their faces and she knew she had to stop them.

      She was up early and fully dressed as Gerry left for the office,he saw Ken
and Frank and spoke to them on his way,the painter's came in and they were
angry,they put their bags down and went straight for Jenny, Ken grabbed her,"So
we ain't doing enough,want to get rid of us do you,we will show you who's doing
enough,get them clothes off,I told you your going to be naked for us,so get
naked,let's see some cunt and tit's,"Jenny tried to run but Frank was soon on
her and dragging her back and the two off them stripped her, then they took her
to the kitchen table and forced her on her back,Ken went to his bag and got
lengths of rope,they tied her to each leg of the table making sure her head was
hanging of the edge,having her head like that it was difficult to see what they
were doing.

      Jenny heard them and their laughter as they moved around their naked
pray,she heard Ken say,"Do you fancy fucking her first, I now I do,"Frank
said,"Heads or tails,"Ken laughing said,"I fancy head with a good mouth." she
saw Frank flip a coin,"Heads you lucky bastard," and the next thing was Kens
balls coming towards her and she had her chin pushed hard to open her mouth as
his cock slid in,and his balls slapped into her eye's while he was doing that
Frank mounted her cunt and started to fuck her really hard,the men must have
been very excited as they soon came, filling both of Jenny's holes and she
had'nt be forced to orgasm all she wanted was to be freed but that was not to
happen instead she felt something hard being pushed into her cunt,it went in
easy as she had Frank's juice still inside her she tried to look but Frank held
her head and pushed the neck of a bottle into her mouth,"Drinky time,try this, I
got it in Cyprus, they call it fire water," it tasted foul but he held it and
she had to drink,as he held her head up she could see what was being forced up
her cunt it was a thick wooden pole with ribs around it and it touched her
sensitive places and the way Ken was pushing it in and out started her to get
wet,that, and the drink,   Jenny was in a daze and getting worse,Frank was
needing her tit's and her breathing was getting heavy , she finished the bottle
and lay being forced towards an orgasm and the men enjoyed their squirming
victim.

      Jenny lay bound to the table in her drunken stupor,she could feel the men
playing with her cunt and still using the pole on her also she felt them
tickling her and then a feeling of being cold it was'nt till they untied her and
lifted her up that she saw what they had done,they had shaved her cunt,it was
completely bald,"Oh god no,what have you done to me you bastards,how could
you,how can I explain this,"Ken held her jaw,"You can show hubby what the
painter's have been doing now can't you,now let's get you upstairs's and try
this fresh cunt out,come Frank let's hump this bitch some more,shaving her cunt
has given me a raging hard on,"

      Jenny was dragged have dazed and half drunk upstairs to the bed room and
shoved on the bed,soon she was on her side, sandwiched between the two of them
with Ken fucking her still sore cunt and forcing his tongue in her mouth while
Frank was behind, fucking her ass and playing with her tit's,this time they took
longer enjoying her but Jenny was to far gone to care.

      They left her to sleep and went to work and work they did,double time it
was'nt till two that Ken had to go and get her,she was woke with a hand playing
with her bald cunt and Ken whispering," Looks like a pig with it's throat cut
all white and pink,come on downstair's,I want some more of it,"her pleading's
were in vain and soon she was in the middle of her lounge again on her hand's
and knees being fucked from behind while Frank painted and shouted Ken on with
obscenities that had Jenny in tears again,"Oh Ken your making her cry maybe your
not fucking her cunt hard enough our maybe she need's her tit's tugged,oh no,I
now she like's it up the ass go on take it out her cunt and bang her ass,give
her ass a good creaming,"Ken was laughing at Frank and he did stop fucking her
cunt and start on her ass,he was soon filling it,as soon as he had pulled out
Frank said,"Stay on your knee's girl, watching you two at it has got me horny,
so let's have a mouth on this old cock of mine," and she was made to suck him,
as she was giving him his blow the phone rang,Ken grabbed her arm's tight behind
her and Frank held her head hard onto his cock and lifted the phone,"Hello,oh
hello Mr Davidson,no Jenny's not here she is in bed,she 's not feeling to
well,went out this morning,I think she got her hair done," all the time he was
talking he was ramming his cock in and out of Jenny's mouth as Ken held her
tight with one arm and played with her tit's and cunt with the other,"Yes, she
said she must have eaten something that did'nt agree with her,you won't be home
for diner,yes I,ll tell her and you will be out late tomorrow,we will be working
late tomorrow so as to finish on time,yes I,ll tell her not to eat to much and
not to take too big a mouth fulls,"at that point Frank gave her mouth an extra
hard fuck,while pulling her head forward,"We will see she's all right before we
go,yes I know,she do'es get herself tied up with thing's,yes she is a very nice
lady always on her knees doing something, she licks us into shape,we like
her,yes we will be sure and let her know,thank you good bye,"the two of them
exploded with laughter as they continued their torment and abuse of Jenny,Frank
fucked her mouth for another ten minutes while Ken could'nt get enough of
Jenny's bald cunt till Frank filled her mouth again,they both sat on the sofa
laughing about the phone call as Jenny walked slowly back to her bedroom.

      With Gerry not coming home till late, it gave the painter's time to get
the room almost finished hoping Gerry would'nt know how little there was to do
also time for one more fuck of their helpless victim this time over the sofa
taking turn's to fuck her cunt ass and mouth and telling her she would remember
this, every time hubby and her sat there and she knew she had no choice,she was
being raped by two men during the day and she would have to play the loving
wife, as though nothing had happened, when Gerry got home and how she could
explain her naked cunt,she was in total misery as the painter's said goodnight
see you in the morning and you better be here and naked.

      Gerry was thinking to much about tomorrow's meeting to push Jenny for
anything and Jenny kept up the,did'nt feel well story and that's how she got
through the night,Gerry left early and Ken and Frank let themselves in sat on
the sofa and shouted for Jenny,in total humiliation Jenny came downstairs naked
to the cat-calls of her tormentor's,"Good morning my lovely cunt come over here
and let me give you a kiss," and Jenny had to stand infront of Ken as he buried
his face between her leg's and kissed and sucked at her cunt,Frank looked up at
her,"God your fucking gorges,and it's time for a morning mouth wash,get your
mouth down here and wash my cock,"and Jenny was on her knee's between them with
her head bobbing up and down on their cocks,as she sucked one the other would be
playing with her between her leg's tickling her cunt till the each filled her
mouth with their sticky juice,they made her sit naked with her leg's wide open
playing with her self and making her do herself hard while they finished the
last of the painting,they watched her and never her let her stop,they wanted
till she was making herself hot then took it in turns to stick their cocks in
her mouth and suck them till they came again,it was Ken who took her upstair's
and to her surprise not to fuck her but he looked for clothe's for her to
wear,she was made to put on a sheer blouse with no bra,a pair of lace thong
pant's,a short pleated skirt and dark hold up stocking's and the finishing touch
was high heel shoe's,they all went to Frank's car and drove to a scruffy pub for
a farewell drink.

      There were not a lot in the bar,just three coloured blokes who Ken spoke
to and the landlord, Frank kept talking dirty to her,enjoying the discomfort of
what she looked like in where she was,she just ignored them as best she
could,sipping her brandy and coke, waiting for them to finish their beer,Ken
finished talking to the men and started to finish,the landlord shouted closing
time and went to lock up as Frank and Ken emptied their glasses,Jenny drank
her's up and went to get up from the bar stool,Frank said,"Before we go may we
introduce you to three friends of our's,they have done us a lot of favours in
the past and we thought we would pay them back or you could,Jenny went to run
but the one behind her put his huge arm around her pinning her arm's to her side
and her mouth was covered by the other hand,Ken gave Frank the car key's and
Jenny watched them let them selves out saying,"Have a good time see you at
six,"and as the door slammed behind them she felt the landlord's hand go under
her skirt and slid up her leg,her eye's went to the clock on the wall,it read
one thirty five.

      She was held firm as the landlords hand slipped further up her leg and a
voice from somewhere said,"Spread them honey, we all want a feel up there,we
hear it's a real clean slit,and it likes a good sucking and fucking and you know
us black boys do both of those thing's,and we do them real good."

      Jenny suddenly felt so angry that she kicked at the landlord's leg and
pulled an arm free clawing at him,she had been repeatedly raped she was not a
sex toy for anyone's use and it was time to fight,a quick punch in the stomach
put a stop to those idea's as the landlord grabbed both her tit's and squeezed
very hard,the hand still over her mouth stopped her crying out but the pain was
unbearable,with a smile on his face he said,"Want me to stop,if you do my friend
will let go of your arms and you will take off your blouse and present my two
friends here with your tit's, one in each hand or I will hurt them a lot
more,"Jenny nodded from behind the hand and she was released,only to be held
round the neck,and the three men stood and watched as she undid the button's on
her blouse and let it slip off her shoulders,with trembling hands she held each
of her magnificent breast's up and out for the men's viewing,the landlord told
the other two to enjoy their feast as they both took a nipple each and started
to suck,the landlord stared at Jenny over the two bobbing heads,"I think they
can manage on there own now,you lift that skirt of yours up and let's see what
goodies are under it," Jenny reluctantly slid her hand down to the hem of her
skirt and started to pull it up,to the leering gaze of the landlord,"Very nice
pant's,now you get hold of them pant's and pull them up real hard so I see some
cunt lip's peeping out ether side,"Jenny held the crutch band and started to
pull,she felt the thin piece at the back go into her bottom and between the
checks,then she knew that they were going between her cunt lip's by the way he
was smiling,"Pull them harder darling, then let go, then hard again,make baldy
talk to me,"the man behind gave her neck a squeeze and she had no choice,this
went on and on as the two that were licking and sucking her tit's really got her
nipples erect, the landlord told her to pull her pant's to one side and hold her
cunt lip's open so he could finger her lovely slit,he just grinned at her as her
ran his finger's in,out and along her bald cunt,he looked at her,"My friend is
going to put you to sleep when you wake up the world will be in a new position
for you,"as he said that the man keeping her quite pinched her nose cutting of
her air and the landlord held her hand's and Jenny soon past out.

      She came too with a scream as something enormous was pushing into her
cunt, she was kneeling on two chairs that faced each other,her knees taped wide
to the back rest staves,a pool cue had been tape from top stave to top stave and
Jenny neck was tied down to it,her wrist's were bound through the middle staves
leaving her bent over,her leg's spread wide and her breast's hanging and her ass
in the air,the landlord was crouched infront of her playing with her hanging
tit's,"I said you,d see life from a new position,like it,now let's get one thing
clear,you may have a drop dead gorges body and the face of an angel but you are
like any other woman,you have three hole's,two to fuck and one that suck's for
our pleasure and we are going to enjoy fucking  them and you sucking us as many
time's as we can as hard as we can in the time aloud,my friend, as you may have
noticed, is having a great time with his thick black cock fucking your cunt all
ready and with your hands you can just about give the two, who you so generously
gave your tit's too, a nice wank,as for me I need relief and as I can't get to
your ass then your lovely mouth will have to do, so open wide and give me some
lip service,suck it beautiful," and Jenny with the thought's of what he said
still in her mind, had another cock in her sweet mouth.

      They both banged away one pushing her onto the other until they filled her
both ends,Jenny just had enough time to spit out the cum she could'nt swallow
when the two she had been wanking took their places and another rape began
again,the one behind, up her cunt was slapping her ass to make her move until he
was told not to mark her, so he rammed his fingers hard up her ass so she still
had to do it,the young one in her mouth got very excited and really forced his
cock in,Jenny could feel his hair's on her nose and was finding it hard to
breath,thankfully they both came quickly and Jenny hung there exhorted,not for
long,she was untied and forced to kneel as they took it in turns fucking her
mouth till they were hard again, the landlord laid on his back and Jenny was
forced to ride him,with another in her ass and sucking a third,after that she
lay on the pool table as they took a fag break,she looked at the clock three
forty five still two hour's to go and it was a merciless two hour's,they used
her,making her do every degrading act they could,they had her spread eagled on
the pool table shooting balls at her cunt while her head was held over the side
sucking one or more thick black cocks,they stopped only if she lay there and
wanked herself for their amusement and she had to make herself come and once she
did, they were back fucking her again,it was almost a relief when as the
landlord's cock pulled out of her mouth,just before it rammed back in again she
saw Frank and Ken and heard,"Alright lads finish fucking her,  we have got to
get her home,"what the landlord said then fill her with fear,"Oh come on
boy's,can't you leave her old man a note to say she stopping at a friends
tonight,then you can leave her here,I could fuck this bitch all night,I love
forcing her to suck me all the way down,I,ve got beam's in my bedroom as well as
a nice big bed,I would love to have her tied to one or the other all night,the
slap mark's I,d give her to make her do all the thing's I want her to with her
cunt and mouth would be gone by morning and she'd be one well fucked lady," they
said no, she had to go home they had brought a coat and as the last one's filled
her cunt and the landlord creamed her mouth they wrapped her in it,picked up her
clothes and carried the well raped housewife back to the car.

      Frank drove while Ken was in the back with Jenny,he undid her coat
exposing her poor beautiful body,"Fucking hell she's covered in juice,those
bastard must have cum a hundred time's, it's in her hair,up her nose,her face is
caked in it,as for her tit's they are just one sticky mess,we will have to clean
her up before we leave,"and with a smile he said,"That will be nice," he pushed
her leg's open and had a feel of her cunt,pushing his finger's in to the cum of
the last of her attacker's,he pulled his sticky finger's out and pushed them
between Jenny's lip's,"Can you remember which one this was,"as he made her lick
it of his finger,they arrived back and they took her to the bathroom, put her in
the shower and had great fun washing her inside and out,they dried her,combed
her hair and she still looked great,they carried her to the bed and laid her
down with her arms above her head and her leg's open wide,she was barely
conscious,Frank grinned at her,"Here is your front door key,we don't need it
anymore,"and he put it on the table.while sliding the copy they had made in his
pocket,"We had brought your photo's and picture's back but you don't seem to be
capable of hiding them from hubby so we will bring them back at a later
date,when your home, alone,"he turned to Ken,"She looks beautiful lying there,
shall we have one for the road,"Ken smiled,"Oh allright,you've talked me into
it," and within second's Ken was holding her arm's above her head and kissing
her while Frank spread her cunt lip's and pushed is cock into her,Jenny had no
fight left and soon she felt Frank's juice fill her and through glazed eye's
watched as they swapped position's and Ken put her leg's on his shoulder's to
give him full access to her ass and fucked it as hard as ever filling her again
with his cream,as they left they both kissed her and her nipple's before a last
squeeze of her cunt they were down the stair's and out of the house.

      She could hardly walk the next day,Gerry still full of the big business
deal he was wrapping up believed they had strained herself at the gym,story and
was at work early,Jenny took the day to realize that she was not going to see
anybody or have to do anybody,she had three bath's that day and tried to put
thought's to the back of her mind,it was the following week when Gerry came home
very excited,he had pulled off the big deal and got the firm another on the
strength of it,he had a rise and a great future he told her he had even been
that clever that he had got the boss to agree to painting the garage and a
different colour for the house,the painter's would be starting on Monday,he had
even managed to get Frank and Ken because he knew,THEY LIKED HER.

      PAGAN..




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





