BDSM Library - Derrio




Derrio
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Short story of a drug dealer trying to get information.
Derrio
By Rebelman

Diane stood shivering as she watched her husband hanging from the ceiling. He 
was tied at the wrist and twisted slowly in front of her with his hands 
stretched painfully above his head.

"Where is the money?" the dark skinned man asked.

"I don't know what you are talking about!" shouted Diane's husband. They had 
been here for two days and he looked as if their abductors had beaten him the 
entire time. His shirt had been torn off and bruises covered him completely.

"OK," said the man calmly, "if you won't save yourself maybe you will save your 
woman." He motioned to Diane and then without warning backhanded her across the 
face. She fell heavily to the floor and immediately tasted the blood from her 
split lip.

"Noooo!" cried Robert Brooks as his wife lay sobbing on the floor. "I don't know 
anything!"

"Too bad," said the man, "I hate to waste such good flesh." He moved over to one 
of his henchman and gave him several orders in Spanish. The henchman left 
quickly and he turned back to the beaten man. "Do you know who I am?" he asked. 
Robert shook his head. "My name is Derrio."

Robert's blood ran cold with this new information. Derrio was known as a 
ruthless drug dealer that ran all the streets in the city. Robert hung his head 
realizing he would never leave here alive. "I see you recognize my name." Derrio 
was pleased with the response. He knew he was feared and it made him feel 
powerful.

Derrio suddenly moved over to Diane and grabbed her blouse. In one swift motion 
he tore it completely off, leaving her bra for the moment. "Very nice," he 
commented, taking in her light skin. "I think you can take off the rest for me."
"Fuck you!" she hissed. Derrio laughed to himself and picked up a cattle prod 
off a nearby table. He walked casually over to Robert and pressed the end to his 
groin before pushing the button. Robert screamed as the current ran through his 
cock and balls causing indescribable pain. "Stop, Stop, I'll do it!" screamed 
Diane. Derrio smiled and pressed the button causing Robert to shudder in pain 
again.

She quickly began undressing, tearing her panties as they came off in an attempt 
to halt the brutality to her husband. She stood naked in front of them as 
several rough looking men entered the room with the henchmen Derrio had talked 
to. 

"Fuck all of them now," said Derrio flatly. Diane stood dumbfounded at the 
statement but the men began undressing making her understand fully what he 
wanted. 

"Y... you can't be serious," she stumbled. She watched terrified as Derrio pressed 
the prod against Robert again. "Tell him watch you know, Robert," she screamed, 
"Don't let them do this to me." Robert hung his head and began to cry. "Damnit 
you fucking wimp tell him what you know!" she ordered. Derrio pressed the button 
again making Robert buck wildly on the end of the prod. Diane stood wide-eyed 
not believing what was happening.

"Fuck them now," said Derrio, "or I'll kill him." Diane stood motionless for a 
second before making up her mind.

"Kill the fucker then," she said quietly. Derrio was amused at this turn of 
events. She was tougher than he thought and that made him think in another 
direction. Maybe she had the money that had disappeared. He was beginning to 
believe the lawyer knew nothing as no one had ever lasted long under his 
methods. It was time to work on the woman for a while.

"Take her to the playroom," Derrio ordered. The men grabbed her roughly and drug 
her down a long hallway and into another room. Once inside the five men began 
groping at her despite the efforts to fend them off. They quickly wrestled her 
to the floor and held her down. Within seconds one of the brutes was on her, his 
cock in hand, he unceremoniously shoved his thick member into her dry slit. She 
screamed in pain and twisted in a hopeless attempt to get away as he pounded 
relentlessly into her pussy.

He fucked her hard and fast while the others held her in place. It didn't take 
long before he was grunting and shooting his cum deep into her. Ten seconds 
later he was replaced with another man sporting a hardon that began immediately 
thrusting savagely into her. Diane was sobbing now but the fight had left her 
and she lay motionless as more cum was pumped into her. The next man had the 
others pull her ankles back toward her head and pressed his cock against her 
anus. 

She began fighting and twisting with renewed vigor as the cock stretched her 
ass. She screamed until her voice began to give out and only a whimper could be 
heard, as her ass was dry fucked. Finally the man began to shudder as he to shot 
gobs of cum up her bloody ass. Pulling it from her he moved to her head and 
forced the nasty dripping cock into her mouth as the others roared in laughter. 
She gagged at the foul taste and tried to spit it out but he held her firmly 
until he was satisfied it was completely clean. After that, they took turns ass 
fucking her and made a point of cleaning themselves with her mouth.
Several hours later they let her crawl into a corner to rest. She had cum 
dripping from her ass and her face was covered with a mixture of cum and shit. 
Diane cried as she curled into a ball, relieved that the ordeal was over. It was 
only minutes later that one of the men grabbed her hair and dug her to a small 
table in the middle of the room. He pulled her up to a chair and tied her hands 
behind her. Derrio was suddenly in front of Diane holding a wicked looking 
needle.

"You will not like this at all," he teased while twisting her right nipple. He 
pulled it out as far as he could before shoving the needle through it.
"Oooooowwwwww!" Diane screamed. Derrio let the nipple go and reached for the 
left one. Repeating the process he pierced the other nipple before turning to 
leave.

"My men will take care of you for the night," he said matter of factly, "I will 
see you in the morning though." Derrio walked quietly out the door as one of the 
henchmen replaced him at the table. He roughly jerked the needles from her 
nipples and replaced them with rings. After the rings were snapped into place 
she was practically lifted from the chair and escorted back to the hall. Moving 
to an open door she realized they were outside as the muggy Florida air hit her. 

Moving across the back yard they forced her up a pier that extended about 100 
feet out in to the water. When she was at the end of the covered pier her tied 
hands were attached to a rope that hung over a rafter. When the rope was 
tightened she was forced to bend at the waist. Her arms began to ache from the 
pressure and keeping her balance was difficult as she leaned out over the end of 
the pier. She cried out as one of the men tugged at her nipple ring. Looking 
down she could see him attaching a thin fishing line to it. He repeated the 
procedure with the other nipple before moving out of her vision behind her. 
Within minutes he was back beside her and threw the small lines into the water.
She braced herself thinking they were weighted but there was only a slight tug 
at her nipples. She realized the men were walking away and sighed at her 
predicament. She was uncomfortable but not in as much pain as when they had ass 
fucked her. By the end of the night she would probably have no feeling in her 
arms though. It was then that the slight tugging at her right nipple started. At 
first it was light but suddenly she understood why the lines were attached to 
her. Seconds later a fish was hooked, pulling violently at her right nipple. It 
swam hard side to side jerking at the ring trying to dislodge the hook to no 
avail. Diane screamed in pain as the fish twisted her newly pierced flesh. 
Finally it tangled the line around pier where it stretched her tit in agony. 
Not long after the bait on the other line was dancing about in the water as 
Diane renewed her screams. Any movement to relieve the tension on her left 
nipple pulled at her painfully stretched right tit. It seemed to go on forever 
and she was praying for the fish to get tangled like the first. At least it had 
stopped moving unpredictably. 

Without warning there was an explosion in the water below her. The line was 
pulled hard and her tit was stretched further than she thought possible. The 
ring ripped at the tender flesh so violently she could feel blood beginning to 
drip from the nipple. Peering through tear-streaked eyes she could make out the 
alligator that was trying to yank his dinner free. Diane opened her mouth to 
scream but she was so hoarse nothing came out. Finally the line snapped and the 
reptile disappeared into the night leaving her dry heaving on the pier.

The next morning Derrio walked out to check on the hapless Diane. "Are you ready 
to tell me what I want to know?" he quizzed her.

"I don't know anything," she croaked, "it must be one of Robert's deals."

Derrio stood quietly contemplating before shaking his head. Diane began sobbing 
again as he turned and walked back toward the house. As he left he casually 
spoke, "I think we will use a stronger fishing line tonight."










Tortured by Derrio the Drug Dealer Part 2

Just a warning- Brutal is a good descriptor for this story. Derrio is a drug kingpin after all. 

It had been five days since she was taken from her home. She had been beaten and raped repeatedly, but the beatings were nothing compared to the mental and physical torture of the pier she was standing on. 

Her tits were stretched noticeably and her nipples were in terrible shape. She had been hanging on the pier with her hands tied behind her, forcing her to bend over awkwardly.&nbsp; Fishing line had been attached through her nipples and the opposite end baited and dropped into the water. The first night the lines were small and broke in a short amount of time. The second night the heavier lines they used held longer and it took a while for the alligator that came by to break the line and free the fish that was on it. The third night her nipple tore before the line had broken. 

Derrio had stopped asking here where the money was. She obviously didn&#8217;t know but that wasn&#8217;t going to stop him from trying out a few new tortures on her. With the nipples practically ripped off he would need to look for other areas. Derrio considered himself extremely imaginative in his tortures and it wasn&#8217;t just for his own pleasure. His reputation was built on the stories of how he took care of &#8216;problems&#8217;. No one remembered the ones he just shot but the stories of his drawn out sessions were told over and over again. 

Today he faced the issue of how to keep the women going a bit longer and making sure she felt the pain. He called Jose and had him fetch a grass anchor from the boat house. The small metal anchor was used on Derrio&#8217;s fishing boat, in grassy wetlands, to snag branches with the hooks that curled around from the middle. It had about seven of these blunt end hooks that came together and looked like a giant fish hook.

Jose brought the boat hook up and Derrio had his mechanic reshape the device by making the hook ends shorter and then hammering them in closer to make the anchor a smaller diameter. The ends were grinded to a sharp point and a rope was attached. Now it looked much like a huge treble fish hook, but with 7 points and about 6 inches in diameter. 

Diane was allowed to lie on the back lawn and watch with her hands tied behind her back. She hadn&#8217;t been allowed off the pier for three days so she took short cap naps even though she was terrified of what they were building. She knew it was for her and couldn&#8217;t understand how it would be used. 

Derrio had gotten up from his patio were he was lounging and had several of his men grab the hapless woman and untie her. She didn&#8217;t fight but he knew she would soon. The men bent her over and the anchor was slowly pushed into her ass as she screamed and kicked with a new energy she didn&#8217;t think was possible. The huge anchor stretched her beyond capacity and then the sharpened ends were inside her with only the eyelet and the rope hanging out of her anus. 

Derrio had the men let her go and she dropped to the ground and began trying to pull the anchor out. As she pulled, the hooks began to pierce her ass from the inside and she realized it couldn&#8217;t be removed. Struggling to her feet she tried to get away from the men by hobbling toward the driveway out past the side of the house. The men stood back and began laughing as the rope was dragged behind in her slow moving escape attempt. 

No one tried to stop Diane so she kept going as fast as the giant hook would let her. Finally, she came to the end of the rope and the hook bit into her rectum with enough force that one of the barbs pushed through her anal ring, bringing a new level of scream from her. From where she had fallen she could see Derrio standing on the other end of the rope before going unconscious.&nbsp; 

She came too with smelling salts under her nose and realized she was off the ground. She was still in Derrio&#8217;s back yard but she wasn&#8217;t tied that she could tell. There were no ropes on her at all. She began to feel the pounding in her ass and the horror of her predicament sank in fully. She had been hung from her ass in a tree!

She started to struggle but that only intensified the pain in her ass. Even moving her arms and legs caused unbearable pain so she tried to stay as still as possible. The pain worsened and she could feel herself fading into unconsciousness again. Derrio stepped into her view with a needle and grabbed one of her arms. He unceremoniously jabbed the needle in her and pushed the plunger. She would be awake for a while now. 

As Diane slowly twirled in the light wind, Derrio uncoiled his single tail whip. He might as well get some practice while he had a good target. Each lash caused the woman to jump and that in turn caused her more pain. 

She could feel the hooks in her ass now. Most of them had pushed through her sphincter and the ones that hadn&#8217;t would be through soon. She was in such pain it was driving her crazy but the drugs would let her pass out. Another shot from the whip and the last two hooks were through the stretched ring. The whipping continued and she finally became numb to it all. The blood from her ass dripped down and ran across her face before dripping onto the ground. 

Derrio stopped the whipping and went back to his lounge chair on the patio. He watched while the sun set slowly over the horizon with the dangling girl in the foreground. He really liked the Florida views. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The next morning Derrio began to ponder the issue of his lost money. It wasn&#8217;t much, maybe a million or less but it could not go unpunished. He looked across the back yard as he sipped his coffee and noticed the woman hanging from the tree. It appeared he had forgotten order he taken down last night and the men had left her there. He suddenly had an inspiration and called Jose in to see him. �Get the woman down and have the doctor take care of her immediately,� he told Jose.

Jose was confused but he knew better than question the order. He went out the back door and gathered a few men to help with the task. Derrio watched as they pulled her down and he could see them looking at the anchor in her ass. Jose shooed them away and, taking out his knife, cut the rope and had the men carry the limp woman to the doctor. Derrio had faith the good doctor would heal her well enough for what he needed. 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Five weeks later Diane stood naked and trembling before Derrio. The haughty lawyer that had arrived a few months ago had changed her attitude significantly and was in complete terror around the drug lord. 

�I take it you are better?� asked Derrio.

�Yes sir,� she squeaked. She was better but not completely healed. The doctor had removed the anchor by pushing it further up her ass before shoving a plastic pipe just a bit bigger in after it. Once the pipe was over the sharp points the entire mess was ripped from her ass leaving a huge gaping wound. The doctor sewed her back up and spent the next month tending to her. She would never have a normal bowel movement again but she was still alive� for now.

�I&#8217;m glad you are ok,� he smiled, �I have a job for you.�

Diane shivered but stood motionless, hoping not to upset him. She kept her head down and concentrated on not shaking too much. 

�Would you like to help me?� he sneered.

�Yes,� she answered quickly.

�It doesn&#8217;t sound like it,� he teased, �are you not looking for a job? I thought you left your last one suddenly and I don&#8217;t think they will let you come back.�

�Yes sir, I would be happy to help in any way possible,� she said as enthusiastically as possible. 

�Good,� he said, smiling again, �I believe you now.�

She wavered from the stress of being in the same room with him but she knew the outcome of this meeting would determine if she lived or died. 

Derrio snapped his fingers and pointed at his crotch. Diane practically leapt to his feet and began taking his belt off. She handed the belt to him and pulled his pants down enough to get his cock out. As soon as it was in sight she sucked it like her life depended on it and was soon rewarded with a load of cum to swallow. She didn&#8217;t hesitate and made sure not to miss a drop. It was a surprise that he hadn&#8217;t used the belt. 

�Good job,� he said and then pointed toward the door where Jose was standing. 

Diane stayed on her knees and crawled quickly over to the door and began the process again with Jose. When she finished it would be more of the same for the rest of the men. 

�Tomorrow,� Derrio began, freezing Diane in fear, �you go home.�

Diane couldn&#8217;t move. She knew there had to be a catch but she desperately wanted to believe it. 

�You will go home,� he repeated, �right after we have one last party.� 

Diane had no idea what was planned but it couldn&#8217;t be good. She began sucking the cock in her mouth again as more men began filing into the room. 











Tortured by Derrio the Drug Dealer Part 3

Just a warning- Brutal is a good descriptor for this story. Derrio is a drug kingpin after all. 

Diane had another week to heal under the watchful eye of Derrio&#8217;s physician. He only spoke Spanish, so they communicated with sign language or Jose would come translate if needed. He lived in the compound as well and she could only speculate he was here to handle the medical needs of Derrio and his men. It made sense to have someone on staff just in case a stray bullet wounded one of his men in the course of business. Going to a hospital would be out of the question after all. 

The doctor was nice to her and had done a good job. Her nipples had been sewed up and, although there would be a scar, the swelling had gone down and the pain was minimal. Here ass was still sore and she assumed it would always be that way due to the horrible abuse it had suffered. Derrio had tied the hook he used on her to a rafter in her room as a reminder of what he was capable of.

She was getting around better and was allowed to wander untied inside the walls of the compound but there was always a guard hovering nearby. If the situation had been different, the beautiful scenery would have inspired her, but she was in constant fear that Derrio would change his mind and she would find herself in the tree or on the pier again. 

One day Jose took her to a building just across the driveway in the compound. She hadn&#8217;t been allowed there before so she was surprised to find it was a mechanic shop. There were several expensive looking automobiles as well as a few four wheel drive trucks in various states of repair. 

Jose took her across the shop and into a small room in the back. A portly man met them at the door and spoke in rapid Spanish to Jose. She was moved to a table not unlike the one the doctor used in his office and made to lie on it. The portly man grabbed a remote that was dangling by the bed and pushed a few buttons.

The bed began to adjust by raising her body toward a sitting position but stopped when she was at a 45 degree angle. The man went to a bench and took a couple of metal pieces and fitted them into the end of the table away from her head. Once in place she was told to put her feet on the ends of the metal pieces about a foot above the table. 

She felt like they were about to do a gynecological exam but the man just took measurements. He raised one foot higher until her knees almost touched her chest, spread her legs as wide as possible, and pulled her arms over her head and behind the chair. He took measurements each time as Diane lay unresisting. When he had finished Jose and the portly man spoke for a few more minutes before she was led away. 

This happened every day for a week as a new chair took shape. In the end, it was a welded frame with a seat at the angle the table had been set the first day. There were metal pieces on the sides of the chair that fit her thighs perfectly and, when she was strapped in place, held her completely immobile. This left her pussy totally exposed and the height of the chair was measured by having Jose stand in front of her with his cock out. He put his dick right at her entrance and the portly man measured how high the chair needed to be for him to fuck her comfortably. 

After the chair was finished a small table on wheels was built to roll up to her pussy and matched the chair perfectly. Next, an eight sided box matching the table top was constructed out of see through material. It was fitted against the chair while she was strapped in it and an outline of her pussy was drawn on one side. The next day there was a hole in the side of the see through box and her entire pussy fit through but no other part of her. 

Derrio was called to come see the ensemble and he seemed very pleased. He checked how tightly the fit was again her and was impressed at the man&#8217;s workmanship. So much so, that Diane was given t him for the night as a reward for a job well done. 

She spent the rest of the night in the small room being fucked while strapped immobile in the chair. The man would alternate between tweaking his design and fucking her. By the next day she was cramped and exhausted but at least she knew what the chair was for. She resigned herself to the fact that she would soon be strapped to the chair and fucked by a large group of men for Derrio&#8217;s pleasure. After all that had happened, she could handle be fucked some more. She still clung to the hope that she would be freed as promised after the party. 

The only thing that bothered her was the box that fit with the chair. It made no sense and she couldn&#8217;t figure out its purpose. She convinced herself that it was probably better if she didn&#8217;t know. The next day confused her even more when she was strapped in the chair and a metal sphere the size of a tennis ball was shoved into her pussy. 

The portly man held a remote and played with a few dials before the ball began to vibrate. He squatted down in front of her and was looking directly at her slit as he adjusted the controls up and down, making the ball vibrate more of less. When he was satisfied with the vibration he marked the box with a permanent marker at the correct setting. He then put the control on her stomach and left it on while getting a weird looking meter. He seemed to be using the instrument by touching a probe to her pussy lips and clit to dial in the controls. It took almost an hour to accomplish his objective. 

When he was finished he used a magnet to pull the ball out of her and then inspected it closely. He seemed pleased with his results and, by way of celebrating, fucked Diane as she lay quietly strapped to the chair.

None of this hurt Diane. Actually, the vibrating ball in her pussy was the gentlest abuse she could remember since arriving. It just confused her as to the purpose since no one could fuck her if the ball was inside. 

Another week passed before the big event took place. The night before, a group of men showed up in different expensive looking cars and spent the night at the compound. Diane was paraded naked in front of them and then forced to give everyone blowjobs as they sat smoking cigars and drinking. She wasn&#8217;t the only female at this get together as it appeared that Derrio had brought in a girl for each of the men. 

By the time the next night rolled around Diane was nervous. She had put the clear box out of her mind for the last few days but now she would see what it was for. She was terrified of what Derrio would do to her but reasoned there was no way to escape. She didn&#8217;t resist as she was led out to the shop via the side door of the house.

As soon as she was outside Diane was overwhelmed with the number of cars parked along the driveway and even in the massive front yard. There were several men there just parking cars to keep the flow of traffic moving. In the back yard it sounded like a fiesta going on with a live band and several hundred people milling about. 

Jose led her away from the house, through the maze of cars, and the shop door. The inside of the building had been transformed in the last week and looked more like a stadium. There were new bleachers set up in a semi-circle around a specific point that was empty at the moment. 

Continuing on, Jose led her to the familiar room in the back of the shop. The portly man was there but this time he was wearing a very nice suit. Even the seat looked different because the frame had been painted and the seat recovered in expensive looking leather. She was put into the chair and realized there had been a few more straps added to make her even more immobile than before. 

Once in place, the portly man took a razor and began shaving her pubic hair. It took a while as he skillfully took off most of the hair. He left three small patches though, one on each side of her pussy lips and one directly above her clit. Satisfied with his work, the ball was slipped into place and tested with the meter again. 

Finished with the preparations, the two men left her in the room as the sounds of people filling the building grew louder. It was almost an hour later before she heard Derrio&#8217;s voice over the loudspeaker and the crowd hushed quickly. He spoke in Spanish for a while and crowd reacted with laughter or applause sporadically. As he wrapped up the speech, Diane was wheeled into the spotlight at the center of the building as over 300 people cheered her arrival.

Without wasting any time, the portly man set about the task of moving the chair into position to give the crowd the best vantage point. The table with the clear box was brought in and Diane could see it now had sand in the bottom of it. The box was fitted to her pussy like before and locked into place.

Another table long table with a large dark cloth draped over it was wheeled into the room and then Derrio gave the order to cut the lights. An infrared light system came on and Diane could still see, but the low light made the room seem eerie. Slowly the cover was pulled back and Diane screamed when she saw what was on the table. Eight small glass jars each held a large scorpion. 

Derrio was pleased with Diane&#8217;s reaction and nodded to Jose. A ball gag was quickly slid into her mouth and strapped behind her head to silence her for the rest of the show. Once the jars were revealed, several men stepped forward to the crowd and it appeared bets were being taken. Within a few minutes the room was roaring with people trying to get their bets in on the different scorpions in the jars. 

When the commotion died down Derrio had a young woman come forward and take the first jar over to Diane. He nodded to her and she reaching into the jar bare handed and, with a practiced ease, pulled the giant scorpion out. She quietly moved over to the box in front of Diane and gently set the creature onto the sand. Within a few seconds the ball in Diane&#8217;s pussy vibrated for a second and the scorpion immediately honed in on her pussy. 

The scorpion slowly moved toward Diane as the portly man intermittently pulsed the ball to keep the predator on track. When it was within striking distance the ball erupted in a series of vibrations that mad the scorpion lung at Diane&#8217;s right pussy lip. It gripped it at the flesh with its claws and then stung her immediately with the poison tail. 

Diane struggled and screamed into the gag as the pain was unbearable. The crowd roared its approval at the success of the game and, as the scorpion was removed by the girl, the bets were collected. 

Diane was still in pain from the sting. Her pussy lip throbbed not only from the sting, but from the claws had dug deeply into her flesh at the same time. Within a few minutes she felt faint and was drooling profusely over the ball gag. 

Derrio&#8217;s scorpion wrangler held up the next jar and the crowd repeated the bidding before beginning the next round. This was repeated as the scorpions unloaded their venom into both Diane&#8217;s pussy lips but, to her relief, missed her clit. By the time the last one as dropped into the tiny arena, Diane was sweating liberally and her vision had blurred somewhat. She could hear the doctor next to her and feel him checking her pulse. He injected her before the fifth round with something and it seemed to slow her heart rate. 

The last scorpion in the box was easily the largest. Diane had never been this close to any scorpion but if the last seven were any indication of size then this one was King Kong. It was quite a bit bigger than the girl wranglers hand and when it was set into the clear box it mover around slowly and cautiously until the vibrations started. It approached Diane as if it were stalking prey and totally ignored the two pieces of hair on either side of her swollen slit. It moved forward quickly and clamped down hard on her clit with both claws before slamming its stinger forcefully into the sensitive bud. The claws tightened as the venom was injected into the monsters prey.

Diane seemed to be going into convulsions from the pain. The doctor injected her again and she began to calm down, although the pain and itching in her pussy was unbearable. The lips were swollen twice their usual size and there were eight distinct puncture marks, some with droplets of blood escaping from them, where she had been stung. 

The poor girl assumed this would be the end of the show and she would be allowed to go back to her room and rest. She hoped the doctor could give her something for the pain and swelling. 

Derrio was once again on the loudspeaker and what ever he said really got the crowd going. The box was removed, the ball pulled out, and a line was formed in front of her before she realized the party had just started. There were several hundred men in the room, and some women, ready to use her already maltreated pussy. 

A table was brought up next to Diane with an assortment of condoms, assumedly to protect the men from the venom, and a squirt bottle of lubricant. The first man stepped up and slipped a condom on but ignored the lube. He slammed into her swollen hole and Diane was jarred from her stupor by the pain. She was so tight the man had trouble getting all the way in so he brutally force his condom clad dick harder and harder until he was solidly in her. Diane thought it would never end but it did. The man abruptly pulled out and yelled in pain as the rubber had torn, exposing his penis to the scorpion venom. The doctor rushed over and cleaned the end of his cock with a salve that seemed to take the pain away almost immediately. 

The next man opted for the lube and fucked her harder to make up for it. This was the way the night went until well into the dawn, with Diane strapped to the chair, and her poison injected pussy being battered until the last man finished. 






Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rebelman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





