BDSM Library - For Ever




For Ever
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It turns out there is a God for every occasion and some are crueller than others. This is the story of Ever the God of BDSM who, realising the seriousness of Her position, decides to do a little research. Terry Pratchett meets the Marquis De Sade.  Sometimes funny, sometimes sick, hopefully always entertaining. Probably not the story for you if you're just after a quick wank ;o)
For Ever

By Lady Charlotte

Chapter one:  Of Gods and Monsters

All is not what it seems.  That is the only thing we can be sure of.  While the
people of Earth build their Empires like worker ants the Gods sit and watch it
all as though it were a game from SIM.  Every now and then they may choose to
interfere.  They don't have any rules about doing so; sometimes they just feel
like it.  There are a lot of Gods.  A lot more than you'd think and each
presides over some facet of human nature with all the delicacy of an angry
troll.  And unlike some humans would have you believe the Gods dig sex.  In fact
Bigen the God of Hermaphrodites (somewhat redundant in modern times) and Jeff
the God of Kebabs once constructed a very convincing argument that sex was
indeed the only thing human's did instinctively (except shit and eat added Bart
the God of Reason but they were too drunk to care by that point).  And so it
came to pass that Ever the God of BDSM was born and found Herself a nice little
castle on a cloud somewhere over London where She watched Her growing brethren
with eager eyes.  Occasionally She could be found in a late night chat-room on
www.bondage.com reading the sermons of Her oblivious preachers with a wry smile
on Her face.  Being a modern sort of a God it occurred to Ever that if she was
going to be the Deity of something She really ought to get some experience of
it.  It's time for me to participate, She decided and so She did.

Morgan Rivers worked in a bank.  His job was about as exciting as eighty laps of
the Grand Prix (I make no apologies to keen racing fans).  He watched the never
ending line of customers, praying that one of them would suddenly scream "This
is a robbery!" and he could fill a bag with cash and get three days
compassionate leave.  But no one ever did.  Once someone threatened to punch him
if he didn't extend their overdraft but it wasn't really the same thing.  Had he
known that his face was currently appearing on a small laptop screen in a castle
in another realm he may have felt he had something to look forward to but as it
was the drudgery continued indefinitely.

After considerable debate Ever had decided to go for an amateur.  Being a God
She was able to search all the inhabitants of the world below Her (though She
had confined Her search to the London area for the time being to keep it simple
and prevent the network from overloading) and find the person that met Her
specific requirements.  A boy and a girl to begin with, She had decided (Gods
are not just omnipotent they are also bi-sexual) and preparations had been made. 
When you have the world at your fingertips it is easy to get carried away with
interior design and the quarters Ever had created for Her new companions were
nothing short of spectacular.  The layout of the rooms made little or no sense
and you could easily go down four flights of stairs before realising you were in
the attic.  Still She knew Her way around and Her new toys wouldn't have to so
it was simple enough.  As well as the elaborate decor Ever had also created a
staff of six to tend to Her every need. 

The servants were functional: there was Harry and Barry, two giant men whose
genetic makeup was based on that of a bouncer from a Birmingham night-club. 
Jessica the housemaid had been based on a combination of Disney cartoon heroines
giving her rather over proportionate eyes and a rather under proportionate
waist, which Ever thought looked charming in her tight, lacy uniform.  She had
followed a similar pattern to create Her ladies in waiting, Ella and Bella (She
liked the rhyming name thing) and had dressed them in matching slave harnesses
that encased their forms beautifully in a combination of metal and leather.  And
finally there was Sue, whose gigantic, gravity defying breasts and rolls of pink
fat were squeezed into a sparkling white nurses uniform, sensible shoes and all.

She really was rather pleased with them; they were anatomically correct in every
way and the only way that they differed from actual human beings was that they
had no freedom of thought.  True, She could simply have used these creatures for
Her devious game but where would be the fun in that?

All she needed now was her victims.  She created a search form and filled it out
after some careful thought:

The search turned back a surprising number of suitable results; each displayed
with a video feed of their current activity.  Ever laid back on her giant four
poster bed and began clicking through them, pausing now and then to watch them
live their lives, totally oblivious to their potential fate.  She spotted Morgan
immediately and new she had to have him.  He was so pretty and looked so
helplessly lost sitting behind a small window in a bank being polite.  His skin
was olive but not tanned to death as though he had had an accident with a tin of
baked beans.  His jaw line looked like you could get a paper cut from it and his
eyes sparkled mysteriously as Ever read his thoughts.  But it was the hair that
did it for her.  Long light brown dreadlocks that were tied back haphazardly
into a scruffy ponytail at the back of his head.  The front bits of hair wisped
out and had clearly refused to become involved in the tangled mass behind them,
framing the boy's perfect features beautifully.  His tall slim frame was dressed
in a clean white shirt and tasteful tie and his dark trousers clung just a
little too tightly around his cute little ass, Ever noted when he got up to use
the copier. 

"That's the one."  She said out loud with a grin, and clicked the SAVE button
with her mouse.

The girls were harder to choose between: Ever had never seen so many little
beauties and wondered if she ought to leave a few of their names and addresses
on one of the more popular websites for Her faithful disciples to find.  Perhaps
a little too unethical she decided, in a moment of grace.  After much
contemplation she picked a girl whose parents had cruelly named Ethel.  She was
a timid little thing, studying A-levels in Art, English Literature, Philosophy
and Business (all of which she easily excelled at) and Ever was so engrossed in
watching her as she soaked in a bubble bath that She almost didn't notice Her
fingers which had crept stealthily to her engorged clitoris.  A pretty little
princess, concluded Ever as she clicked the SAVE icon once again and watched the
soapy mass of dark hair disappear from the screen.

Two days later a strange star could be seen, apparently moving towards the
surface of the earth at an alarming rate but even the most insomniac of all
astrologers failed to notice it.

The corridors of St James' College, West Hampstead throbbed with over-wrought
teenage emotion as the bell rang between classes.  Ethel Jacob scurried along
clutching an oversized copy of The Canterbury Tales, a white rucksack clinging
to her back and denim flares flapping around her ankles.  No one noticed her
anymore.  When she had first arrived some attempts had been made to penetrate
her wistful gaze, for she was strikingly beautiful (for a geek), but Ethel
didn't speak unless it was absolutely essential and this became a problem for
anyone attempting to form a relationship with her.  The lecture theatre was
becoming gradually more empty with every passing day and this afternoon's
lecture on "The Romantics:  From Wordsworth to Keats" was set to play to a room
of about thirteen bored looking 17 and 18 year old, something that would
undoubtedly not register with the eternally enthusiastic Professor Hughes. 
Ethel took her usual seat near the front and performed the dance of the
'Chair-Arm-Desktop' with practised ease.  It all appeared to be going quite well
until two large men carrying equally large guns burst into the room.  After a
brief screaming fit from one of the girls near the back the room fell into
shocked silence and the sound of sharp stiletto heels could be heard
approaching.

"Remain silent for Goddess Ever." Chorused the goons with the guns as a vision
in black rubber sashayed into the room and up to the stunned Professor.

"Sit."  She barked at the bespectacled man and he scurried to the front row
without a word.

Ever turned to face the class.  If you've never seen a real God before then it
may be a hard thing to imagine.  If you examine every part of them; elbows,
neck, armpits, ankles, you will reach the conclusion that they are indeed
another human being.  Yet the sum is somehow greater than the parts and to look
at the whole you could not help but think them otherworldly.  Ever's body was
every kind of perfect with luscious firm breasts any plastic surgeon would be
proud of and legs which were trying to compete with Nelson's column (only
narrower and much more shapely.  And less white.  Okay bad simile.  Her dress
was made of matte rubber and hugged her every curve from ankle to breast.  It's
strapless top allowed her naturally indecent cleavage to pour over the top of
it, threatening to flash a watchful eye with a taster of dark brown nipple. 
Down her back cascaded luminous black hair (if black can not be luminous then
this hair had just invented it) that waved and curled in random patterns and
complimented the deeply tanned face it surrounded.  If you stared into her eyes
for more than a moment you might fancy that they could read your mind (which of
course they could) and if you concentrated on the red lips for too long you
would find that your tongue had unconsciously popped from your mouth and was
hastily wetting your own lips which paled in comparison.  And suffice to say the
group that sat watching were enthralled into speechlessness by the vision before
them (although perhaps the two giant weapons pointing in their direction should
be allowed a small fragment of the credit). 

"Good Afternoon class." Purred the Goddess, preparing to milk the moment for all
it was worth.  "I am a God and I have selected one of you to come and serve me
in my palace.  You will obey my every command and none of you will be harmed. 
Do you understand?"  The class remained silent.  "I asked you if you
understood."  Her voice was a little more insistent this time.  A few "Yes's"
were murmured.  Ever pointed at a boy who sat with two others in the back row of
the theatre.  "Stand boy."  He got to his feet quickly and stood trembling.  "Do
you understand what I have just asked of you, boy?"

"Yes...sorry." His voice was barely audible.

"When I ask you a question you will reply "YES GODDESS." Immediately if that be
the answer I am looking for."

"YES GODDESS!"  The boy shrieked the words out making Ever burst out laughing.

"Again."  She demanded.

"YES GODDESS!"  Louder this time.

"Again."

"YES GODDESS!"  Almost hysterical.

"Good.  Lesson learnt.  You may sit.  In a moment you will all rise and move to
the front here where you will strip naked and stand in a neat line with your
clothes in a heap at your feet. You may leave your underpants on for now."  Ever
wasn't sure of the point of this exercise but it seemed like fun all the same. 
"You will not communicate with each other and will perform the task as quickly
as you can.  If you refuse you will be shot.  I think that's clear enough. 
Begin."

The Goddess moved to the side of the room and watched as fourteen terrified
humans scurried over each other to obey her command.  Red faced Their garments
were removed and no-one's shame was more apparent then that of dear Professor
Hughes whose baggy white Y-fronts were soon on display at the front of his
lecture room.  The line of naked bodies stood to attention, all eyes facing
front, tears beginning to fall down most faces.  Ever sauntered along the line
like an army captain on inspection day.  She stopped by a tummy girl who
quivered and stared sniffling at the floor.

"What is your name, tubby?"  Enquired her tormentor.

"...Laura."  Sniffed the girl.

"Fat Laura.  Step forward."

The girl shuffled out of line, her sniffles turning to sobs.  Ever moved slowly
around her, examining her out of shape body.  She grabbed a fist full of flesh
on the girl's stomach and lifted her chin with the other hand.

"What is this?"  Asked the Goddess.

"My tummy."  Squeaked the girl, accidentally catching those eyes and wishing she
hadn't.

"Your flabby tummy.  That's right.  And what's this?"

Ever moved her hand to grab a fistful of thigh flesh.

"Oww.  My leg."

"Your what?"

"Oww!  My flabby leg."

"My fat, disgusting, flabby thigh, Goddess."

"OWW!  My...fat...dis...gusting...flabby...thigh...Goddess."

"That's right.  Name me an animal that's fat like you girl."

The girl looked stumped.

"You must be able to think of a fat pink animal girl."

"A pig Goddess?"

"That's right.  You are a pig.  What noise to pigs make?"

"They snort Goddess."  She was getting good at this.

"Let's hear our piggy snort then."

The girl began to oink and snort through her snotty nose as she hiccuped and
cried with fear and shame.  Ever laughed delightedly.

"Pull down your pants piggy."

Laura reached down and slowly lowered her large white pants to the floor,
revealing a fat, hairy pussy beneath.  She stayed curled up on her haunches for
a second, a small ball of fat on the floor.

"You will lay on your back with your pants around your ankles and perform
sit-ups while I inspect the rest of the class, piggy.  Perhaps we will tone up
that tummy a little."

The frightened girl moved cautiously onto her back, keeping her knees together
and lamely placed her hands behind her back.  She began to hoist her ample frame
upwards until her head was hanging towards her knees and then she flopped back
down again.

"Good little piggy.  Don't let me see you stop now.  There would certainly be a
mess if we were forced to shoot a bullet into that flabby tummy.  And let me
hear you snort and grunt your little piggy noises while you enjoy your workout."

The wretched noises of the degraded girl soon faded into the background as
Professor Hughes was made to drop his pants and force his sixty year old cock
into an erect state.

"You disgust me, go stand in the corner."  Was all Ever could manage and the
ruined teacher turned and obeyed.  She continued passed an attractive girl in a
lacy red thong who was labelled a slut and forced to wear the offending
undergarment on her head after Ever had written the girls new title across her
breasts in red lipstick.

The three boys from the back of the class were fun for a while.  Ever had them
crawling around the room on their knees in a line, the leader licking her
stiletto boot heel while the second and third each had their nose in the ass of
the boy in front.  But soon it would be time to return and Ever turned Her
attentions to her original plan and approached the silent Ethel. 

Ethel was not crying.  Ethel was staring intently at the floor, her eyes screwed
shut, her mind far, far away from here.  The humiliation of her classmates was
not something she wished to view because of its utter wrongness.  Its total and
utter wrongness.  She kept telling herself this, ignoring the churning
butterflies in her stomach.

"You."  Barked Ever.  "Open your eyes."

The clenched lids slowly opened and two brown eyes took in the shiny boots in
front of them.

"Place your hands behind your head and straighten yourself up.  Keep your eyes
lowered."

Ethel obeyed without thought.

"Push those little titties forward... Very good.  Now part your legs for me."

Ever was surprised by the girl's instant subservience.  She looked every bit the
well-trained slave Ever had hoped for. 

"Perfect.  What a good little girl you are."  Ever snapped her fingers and the
door opened.  Nurse Sue strolled into the room in a business-like manner,
carrying a large leather bag.  She handed it to the Goddess and stood back,
admiring the line of shame.

"Let's bag her."  Grinned Ever, placing the bag on the floor and popping it
open.  She took out a rubber arm binder and ordered Ethel to turn and place her
arms behind her back.  The binder was pulled over her hands, squashing them
together into a tight stump of fists and then zipped up relentlessly to a good
few inches above the girls elbows forming one fat rubber clad arm extending from
the jarred back shoulder blades.  The zip was locked and Ethel was trapped. 
Another snap from the Goddess's fingers saw Harry and Barry approach and, laying
down their weapons for a moment, they lifted the petrified victim from the
ground and laid her down on the rubber body bag Nurse Sue had prepared.  Ether
laid shivering on her stomach as she felt her feet being tucked into the base of
the rubber case.  Slowly a zip was pulled up over her legs, her bottom, her back
and her aching shoulders and locked behind her neck.  The bag felt tighter than
an ordinary sleeping bag but Ether could still wriggle around inside of it. 
Leather belts were fastened around her at the ankles, above the knees, at the
tops of the thighs, around the waist, above the breasts and finally around the
neck until Ethel could only squirm like a worm on the floor, a sight that amused
her new owner greatly.

"Help the little worm to her feet boys."  Ever instructed her two lackeys and
Harry and Barry, who had retrieved their weapons, lifted the rubber sack to an
upright position.  The eyes continued to stare at the ground.

"Awww.  Don't you look adorable all trussed up like that.  Poor little baby." 
Ethel had finally started to cry, silent tears of confusion that ran delicately
down her flawless skin.

"Shh now", soothed the Goddess, wiping a tear and licking it thoughtfully.

She toyed with the black rubber ball gag in her hand, reluctant to quench those
beautiful sobs but eventually she pinched the little button nose and the mouth
opened obediently, allowing the rubber ball to be pushed in and locked in place. 
There really is nothing quite like the sight of a pair young sweet lips wrapped
helplessly around a lump of rubber, thought Ever philosophically, before kissing
the ball with feather like grace and marching from the room, knowing that behind
her Ever would be hoisted onto the shoulders of Her servants and carried behind,
with Nurse Sue following.

A strange vehicle was parked in the Headmistress's spot in the near empty staff
car park and Ever's helpless frame was soon hanging from a bar in the roof of
the tardis like craft as it turned up the drive and away from the scene of the
crime.  Behind them reality snapped back an hour and Professor wondered ideally
why his best pupil had not turned up for his lecture. In time he would realise
that she would not be coming again.  The only other change in the world was that
over the coming months Laura Carpenter would notice the weight literally
dropping off her and praise the God's for this small mercy.  Ever was not
entirely without a heart.

The capturing of Morgan was a little less dramatic.  On his way home from work
he was grabbed by two strong men who forced him on to the ground and pressed his
face in the dirt.  He was vaguely aware of two spiked heels moving around him as
he was forced into some kind of sack.  He screamed a lot but oddly no one came
and, since he was unable to evade the impossibly firm grips of his captors he
soon became calm as tight belts were buckled around him and he was helpless. 
Something was stuffed into his mouth and strapped tightly around his face and he
was lifted from the ground and into some vehicle.  A line was run from the belt
around his waist and clipped to a bar on the roof.  The sack spun as Morgan
tried to regain his senses and on it's rotation another sack came in and out of
view.  Poking out of the top was a young girls frightened head, her eyes stained
with tears, her mouth stuffed the same as his.  He strained to stay looking at
her but the sack continued to spin and his back was to her.  There he swung, as
the vehicle jerked into movement and then became smooth.  Morgan struggled
inside his rubbery prison become hot and desperate but his bonds were impossible
tight.  He had been taken and would not be returned.  Ever did wonder about the
hurt to the families and friends of her victims.  She did wonder about the hours
of police time that would be used in the impossible search.  But when you're a
God you get to see the big picture and, in the great scheme of things, she knew
it really didn't matter.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lady Charlotte


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





