BDSM Library - Steph's Basketballing




Steph's Basketballing
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Anal gangbang and torture session in a lockerroom.
This was written with a friend as part of an email exchange.  It ends sort of
abruptly, as we moved onto other story lines.




Steph's Basketballing

Chapter 1

Finally, on your third date with David, he took you to a basketball game. You're
getting hot, watching the players run back and forth, sweating, imagining their
large cocks swinging in their shorts. You start absent mindedly stroking your
breasts. David notices, and lends a hand. Soon you're sitting on his lap, in the
last row of the stands, with his cock in your ass. He cums after only a few
minutes. You excuse yourself, and go looking for a bathroom to freshen up. As
you walk, you can feel his cum running down your leg. You feel very slutty. You
keep walking around, wondering if anyone notices.
**

Finally, you reach the ground level just as half time starts. You decide to
sneak into the locker room to try to meet some players. You manage to beat the
players in, and hide in the shower area. You hear the coach yelling at a few
players, while the rest of the team relaxes a little. Eventually, a few men
wander back to the showers and find you. You let out little scream. The player
looks down on you and tells you to be quite. You're not supposed to be back
there and could be in a lot of trouble if he reports you.

He tells you not to make a sound, and he won't turn you in. He quickly grabs you
and holds your arms behind your back. The second player raises your skirt and
sees the cum running down your leg. My GOD, he says, this is a real slut!

Before the first guy can look, he has his cock out, and is forcing it into your
ass. He's at least 10" long, and almost as big as your wrist. You scream a
little, as the first man covers you mouth with his huge hand. he soon cums,
filling your ass with his sperm. The first man lets you go, and you drop to your
knees, and try to suck the man that just fucked you. He pushes you away.

"Looks like this slut needs more." he says.

The rest of the team has already gone back to the court. He picks you up, and
carries you to his locker. from his duffel bag, he pulls out a huge butt plug.
Bending you over the bench, he forces it into you. The he take a long ace
bandage, the kind used to wrap their ankles, and wraps it around your waist, and
through your legs, forcing the plug deep, and locking it in place.

Using some tape, he tapes your legs together, and secures your hands behind you
back. He finished the job, with a wide piece over your mouth. Now that you can
barely move, he puts you in his locker and locks the door. As he leaves, he
calls out, "Don't go anywhere, in about 40 minutes, you'll get all the black
cock you can take. You just murmur through the tape. What have you gotten
yourself into?

00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000




Chapter 2

You lose track of time, standing there in the locker, barely able to move.

On the court, the player that fucked you is telling all the other players that
he has a fine piece of white ass in his locker.  Of course they don't believe
him.  He spends the entire second half trying to convince them.  As a result of
his distraction, they lose the game.

You hear the team return, frustrated and angry. You hear them arguing. 
Accusations are flying, that they lost the game because of some whore in the
locker room.  You hold your breath as you wait for the locker to open.  Several
minutes pass, the team has a meeting, then they all shower.  The coach and
several of the other player have already left.  finally the door swings open. 
As your eyes adjust to the light, you focus on about 10 men, all over 6-5, and
standing naked or with a towel.  Silence fills the room as they all gaze upon
you.  They can't believe that there is a hot petite blond woman, tied up in
their locker room.

The man who fucked you first pulls you out of his locker.  You tremble with
fear.  He asks you if you enjoyed being fucked at halftime.  You nod your head
in shame.  He asks if you want more.  You blush deeply as you nod your head yes.

**

He roughly pulls you down over the bench, and asks if you want the tape removed
from your mouth. You nod, and in a split second, the tape is ripped from your
face. You scream for a second, and a cock is rammed deep into your mouth. You
feel it tickle the back o your throat as he grabs your hair and starts forcing
it deeper into your mouth. There are hands all over your body, roaming over your
ass, and breasts. You feel the tape being cut away from your waist and pussy.
you feel a chill as the butt plug is removed. This is quickly replaced by a
cock. Not as big as the first one, but still fills you up. he starts some
powerful thrusting. Every thrust pushed you forward on the bench, forcing the
cock in your mouth deeper down your throat. And scraping your nipples along the
rough bench. The man with his cock in your mouth has his back to the wall, he
can't back up any further. The man in your ass is still pushing you forward with
every thrust. You can feel the pubic hair touch your nose. You have 8" down your
throat and can barely breath. You panic, and start to thrash about. This just
turns them on more, and the man in your ass fucks harder. Ramming his full
length in and out. The man in you mouth is in to the hilt. You can't breath. You
feel him cum, just before you pass out.

**

You wake up to a sharp pain on you tits. You find yourself tied to the bench on
your back. a large cock is fucking your cunt. Another is using a belt to whip
your tits. As you look down, you see that you're covered with cum, they must
have kept fucking you even when you were passed out. Something confirmed from
the soreness in your ass. You struggle against your bonds, and they see that
you're awake. They cheer, not for your well being, but now they can fuck your
mouth some more. Another man stuffs his cock into your mouth, grabbing your
hair, he forces it deep. Your afraid he's going to cut of your air again, and
bite down. You yells, and pulls out.

"You're going to pay for that Bitch!" he yells as he slaps your face with his
hard cock. He gets 2 large clamps form the storage locker. They're spring loaded
and used to hold the towel basket up. He snaps the one each nipple. You cry out
in pain. All you can do is watch as he twists and pulls you nipples with them.
You watch with curiosity as he gets a bucket and some string. he attaches the
string to the clamps and pulls it over a pipe near the ceiling. By tugging on
the string, he pulls your tits towards the ceiling, stretching your poor
nipples. Next, he ties the string to the bucket. All of the men gather around,
and start to pee in the bucket. As it gets heavier, it pulls on your nipples,
stretching them several inches. You scream for them to stop. The change their
aim, and start peeing on you, covering your body. Finally, one of them stuffs
his soft cock into your mouth as he's just about done peeing. You're forced to
swallow it. He sits on your head, his soft cock fully impaled, with your lips
touching his balls. As you move your tongue around, you feel him start to grow.
Inch by inch, he fills your mouth.

0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000




Chapter 3

This chapter written by Steph:

The cock in my mouth is now hard and down my throat.  Again I am choked  and
can't breathe.  The others tell him to keep me awake so they can enjoy me more. 
He pulls out and asks me if I want more. 

"YES!  PLEASE GIVE ME MORE!!" 

A hard cock is slammed up my ass.  My ass is hammered hard making my tits pull
on the clamps.  One guy stands over my head and orders me to open my toilet
mouth.  I do as ordered and he fills my mouth with his piss.  I swallow and open
again.  More men piss in my mouth and I can't swallow it all.  They piss on my
face and head.  The guy in my ass cums and orders me to clean his dirty cock as
another cock is shoved in my ass. 

I clean him good. Licking his cum and my dirty ass off his cock.  I feel the
clamps  pulling harder on my nipple and notice 2 guys slowly pouring water into
the buckets.  The pain in my nipples makes me cum and all the guys love it.  The
2 guys with the water take the buckets and push on them so they swing back and
forth.  My nipples are pulled even harder.  I scream with pain and pleasure.  My
mouth is filled quickly with the dirty cock that just filled my ass with cum. 
Again another cock is up my ass.  This guy is huge and ripping me apart.  He
shows me no mercy as he butt fucks me deep.  I feel a sharp pain on my pussy and
look up.  2 of them are whipping my pussy with their belts.  I am in heaven. 
More water is poured in the buckets.  The clamp on my right nipple comes off.  I
scream as best I can with a cock in my mouth.  The clamp is put back on and they
put tape around both clamps so they won't come off again.  My pussy is getting
whipped by 4 or 5 guys now.  I am cumming over and over and they love it.  After
they have all fucked my ass and made me clean them, they stand back and look at
me.  I am tried to the bench with my nipples being ripped off my tits. The hear
the coach over the loudspeaker that the bus is leaving in 10 minutes. 

They leave me while they all get dressed.  All of them have left but 2.  They
stand over me and ask me if I liked what they did to me.

 "YES!  YES!!  I LOVED IT!! I pant.

 They each take a bucket and hold it up.  They drop them and the clamps are
ripped off my tits.  I cum again and thank them.  They look at each other and
smile.  They throw me in the shower to clean me off  and drag me by my hair out
the door and down the hall.  They open the door to the home team locker room and
shove me inside. One of them tells the guys that I am their present to winning
the game.  I look up and see 10 or more guys looking at me.  The ones that are
dressed start to take their clothes off.  One of them looks at the guys that
gave me to them and thanks him.  No problem he says.  By the way, she loves
pain.  The more you hurt her the hotter she gets. 

**

The other team sees my used and abused body, they all have a look of concern,
and ask if I'm ok. I'm in a daze, my eyes can barely focus on their hard cocks.
I manage to mumble, "Please, I need more cock, and make it hurt." That was all
the encouragement they needed. They quickly pulled me into the center of the
locker room and locked the door.

They see the clamp marks on my nipples and the welts on my pussy and ask "Are
you sure?" I smile at them and answer "The other team was a bunch of wimpy fags.
They didn't know what to do to a nasty kinky cum eating piss drinking ass
fucking pain slut like me. What can you guys do to me? If I like it I will come
back for more."

0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000




Chapter 4

by M

They all smile and lead you to the back room. As you walk, they notice cum
leaking from your pussy and ass. You hear several of them comment on what a slut
you must be, and how they can't wait to rip into your ass. They lift you onto an
examination table, and strap you down on your back. The table is stainless
steel, and cold. As one of them presses your stomach, globs of cum flow from
your pussy. There must be a gallon of cum inside her, you hear them say. He
scoops up some in his hand. Seeing this, you stick out your tongue, hoping for a
taste. He lets you clean his fingers as you beg for more. Someone hands him a
long piece of tubing, about 1/4" in diameter and 3 feet long. He sticks one end
in your pussy and the other in your mouth and tells you to suck. Its very
difficult, but you manage to get the cum to flow. ater a few minutes, you've
sucked your pussy dry. You're disappointed when he pulls the tube out. but let
out a little scream as he shoves it up your ass. You start sucking again. You
almost gag from the nasty fluids you're sucking but every time you pause for
even a second, a belt comes down across your sore tits. You suck hard or several
minutes, completely cleaning out your ass. By the end, you chest is bright red,
and even has a few bluish welts showing up.

To finish your cleaning, they attach a large hose to the water faucet. shoving
it deep into your pussy, the turn the water on high. You shake as the icy water
ills your body adn flows onto the floor. The do the same with your ass. Only
this time, the water doesn't flow out. You feel cramps in your bowels as more
and more water fills you. They quickly remove the hose, and ram a large butt
plug in. The pain is excruciating. They tell you that you must hold it or 5
minutes, or you'll be in real trouble. Using all your concentration, you try to
relax. But its no use, your body involuntarily spasms, and shoots the plug
across the room, followed by the water. The leader is pissed. He jams the butt
plug into your mouth and tapes it in place. They all get into a huddle, as they
decide on your punishment.

**

As they discuss your fate, You see two women approaching you. They were
servicing the MVP in the back room. They're the cheerleaders who won the pool.
They look pissed. They start yelling that they worked hard to earn this night
with the team, and no blonde haired bimbo was going to steal their men. You
struggle against the ropes, but there is nowhere for you to go. The first woman
grabs for your nipple. Pinching it between her thumb and finger, she gives it an
evil twist. The other woman stands on your side, and drags he fingernails across
your other breast, leaving fresh red marks on your already bruised breasts.

All the men turn to see what the commotion is. They are obviously excited by the
show and start encouraging the women to abuse you. The smaller woman jumps up on
the table, and raises her foot. As you watch, she brings it down on your
stomach, knocking the wind out of you. She kicks you a few more times, then
stands on your chest. With her toes, she digs them into your breasts, pinching
your nipples and twisting. With her feet planted on your breasts, she does the
twist, dancing, and mashing your aching tits. the other girl is playing with you
pussy. ramming 3 fingers in, then 4, then her whole fist. Her wrist is in almost
up to her elbow. You can feel her fingers deep inside you form into a fist. She
slowly pulls back, but her fist blocks her from removing her hand completely.
The she rams it back in. Her other hand is stroking her cunt. She's really
getting off on your abuse. The men see this and rush over. They don't want you
too stretched out before they get a chance to fuck you. They try to pull her
out, but she struggles and fights them off, keeping her fist firmly planted in
your cunt. The struggle continues for several minutes, her arm and fist
thrashing around inside you. Finally her fist pops out, and the men stare into
your gaping cunt.

000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000




Chapter  5    

by Steph

They bend me over the bench and tie a rope tightly around the base of each
breast.  This rope is pulle dtight and tied off the the legs of the bench. They
clamp clips on my nipples, push me forward and tie them off on the front legs.
My tits are being pulled from both sides. They line up behind me and start
fucking me in the ass. Each time they slam into me it pulls on the rope around
my tits. As they pull out they grab my hips and pull hard on my nipples. The
first guys finishes with me and steps back. I am surprised that I don't feel his
hot cum in my ass and try to turn and look. The next guys slams into my ass and
pulls my hair and tells me to mind my own business. After 5 guys have fucked me
and almost ripped my tits and nipples off they untie me.

The next guy lays on the bench and they make me sit on his cock with my ass.
They throw a rope over a pipe and tie it to the nipple chain. They pull it tight
and I am half hanging by my nipples. Another guy slides his cock in my ass and
double fuck me hard. They hammer my asshole ripping me apart. The guy on top
steps away and another takes his place. The guy under me slides out and one more
guy get under me and my ass is double fucked more. Still none of them have cum
in me. They continue to double fuck my ass. Big hard black cocks two at a time
in my stretched asshole. After all of them have had at least one turn and most
of them twice they untie the ropes around my tits. The blood rushes back in and
I scream in pain. My nipples hurt ever more. Two of them stand on each side of
me and hold me up. They kick the bench out from under me and let go. The clips
are ripped off my tits as I fall to the floor.

I am in a daze as I look around the room. I see the other 2 sluts tied to the
lockers and they look real mad. They are kicking and screaming trying to get
loose. One of the guys tells them to calm down. They will have their turn with
me when the guys are done. I look around more and see a big clear bottle with
the funnel in it. It is about half full of something that I realize is all their
cum. Again they lay me on the bench on my back. They tie my arms to the bench
and pull my legs up and tie them to my hands. I am bent in half with my ass is
sticking straight up in the air. They take the funnel out of the bottle and
shove it in my ass. They push it in deep. One of them picks up the bottle and
pours the cum into the funnel. I fee my ass filling up with cum. They are giving
me a cum enema. When all of it is in me they put one end of a tube in my mouth
and shove the other end in my ass.

"Suck it out but don't swallow." they order.

I suck hard and soon my mouth is full of cum. They hold the bottle next to my
mouth and I spit the cum back into the funnel. The more cum I suck the dirtier
it gets. I take 10 mouths full and spit it all back into the bottle. When all
the cum is out of my ass they shove the funnel back in but this time they have a
small piece to tube on it so it goes deeper in my ass. I suck it all out once
more and this time they tell me to swallow it all.  I am afraid of what they
might do if I don't.

Finally I have eaten it all and they untie me. I hear a pounding on the door and
a guy comes in with a bunch of pizza and beer. They pay him and ask him if he
want a blow job for his tip. He walks up to me and takes out his cock. I suck
him off quickly. He turns around and spreads his ass open and I lick and clean
his ass. They guys all love this and tell him to piss in my mouth if he want to.
He turns back around and puts his cock back in my mouth and pees down my throat.
He thanks them and leaves.

The guys are all eating pizza and drinking beer when one of them says they need
some dinner entertainment. They untie the sluts and tell them to give it to me
good. They are on me fast. Pulling my hair and slapping my face and tits. They
tie me to the bench again and look around for things to abuse me with. One of
them leaves the room while the other whips my tits with the belt that was laying
on the floor. She stops and goes to the training room and comes back with a tube
of Sportscream. She rubs it all over my tits and they burn like hell. The longer
it is on the hotter it gets. She rubs it on my pussy and slides 3 fingers in me.
The guys tell her not to put any in my ass because they are not done with it and
don't want that shit on their cocks. She covers her hand with it and shoves it
in my pussy. Fist fucking me again. My pussy is on fire but I am cumming like
crazy. The other girl comes back with a lot of stuff I can't see.

They each take a pair of vise grips and put them on my sore nipples. They pull
them hard then drop them so my nipples are pulled to the side. I'm in a state of
half consciousness as they whip my tits more. Then they take a baseball bat and
try to shove it up my ass. The guys all yell at them and tell them not to
stretch out my ass. They shove the bat up my pussy and fuck me hard with it.
Pushing the Sportscream deeper into me. The guys are just about done eating and
the sluts are ready for their last act of torture. They pick up a rope and tie 6
clothes pins along each end. They take the pins and attach them to my pussy
lips. 6 pins from on end of the rope to one side and the other 6 on the other
side. They pull the rope tight and ask the guys if they are ready. They all
scream yes. They pull hard on the rope and rip the pins off my pussy. I scream
with pain and pass out. When I wake up I am in their dungeon.

00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000




Chapter 6

by M

ok, a little rewrite: They attach all the clips to your puss lips, and pull the
strings in opposite direction. A game of tug-of-war, with you in the middle.
Your pussy is stretched wide open. With a sudden yank, all the clips are yanked
off, and you pass out. You wake up naked on your front lawn. Your hands are
still tied in front of you and you're covered with dirt. Your legs are too weak
to walk, so you crawl into your house and collapse in the front hallway. ( the
front door had been left open). The must have found your keys and address in
your purse. you sleep on the floor for several hours. When you awake, its the
next afternoon. Your body is still covered in cum and sweat, and you stick to
the floor. You slowly crawl to the shower, your legs still too weak to walk. As
you pass the mirror, you look in horror at your body. Under the dirt, you can
see a lot of nasty welts and bruises. Your tits seem to be the worst, they are
swollen bruises, and ruptured blood vessels. You also notice words written all
over your body. The words CUNT, SLUT, CUM DUMP WHORE, and others were written on
you with a permanent marker. The one that worries you the most are the words
FUCK SLUT written across your forehead. You settle into a hot bath. Cum is still
leaking from your cunt and ass. As much as you scrub, you can't remove the
degrading words from you body. You take a few days off work as you recover. It
takes a full day before you can walk again.

By next Friday, you see that the team has a home game again. You spend the day
tormented. Some of the bruises are still visible, and your ass is still sore,
but you also reflect back to the intense orgasms you had at their hands. As you
drive to the stadium, you still can't work up the nerve to go back in. You spend
most of the game wandering around the concession stands. As the final seconds of
the game wind down, you decide that you won't return to the locker room. It was
just too painful. You make your way to the lower stands where the players exit.
You want to get another look at some of the men who used you last week. As they
all parade by, the fans are all holding out their hands to get a high five. One
of them slaps your hand without even looking at you. You get a little thrill,
knowing that that same hand spanked the shit out of your ass last week. Your
eyes meet on another player, you know he must recognize you. You're leaning over
the railing, getting high fives from about half the players. As you lean over
the rail, they can now see down your shirt. The second to last player makes eye
contact, and sees the bruises on your tits. He knows its you. As he passes, he
reaches up to give you a high five. Instead of slapping your hand, you grabs
your wrist, and pulls you over the railing. You land in his arms, and he carries
you back to the locker room with the rest of the team. As you both enter, he
announces, "Look who came back for more!!" You blush and bow your head.

They ask if you want to be their slut again, and you meekly nod your head,
knowing you're going to be in pain for a long time to come. Suddenly, someone
yells that the coach is coming, and they stuff you into a locker. They warn you
not to make a sound or they will do some permanent damage to your beautiful
body. You stand in the locker during the entire team meeting, trembling; partly
from fear, and partly from anticipation. The meeting seems to go on forever.
After about an hour, its over and the coach leaves. The players quickly pull you
out of the locker and without even saying a work, tie you in a tight hogtie. You
start to complain, and they stuff a large gag into your mouth. Next they stuff
you into a large laundry bag, and wheel you out to a waiting limo. 6 guys climb
into the back, and they throw you into the trunk. Its a bumpy ride, and by the
time you stop, you're very nervous about what's going to happen. You feel many
hands lift you out and carry you into a house. They drop you on a padded floor,
and announce, "Get her ready."

You hear him leave as the bag is cut away. You open your eyes to the two women
from last week smiling down at you.

*************

The two women ( christy and candy ) lift you up by your hair and drag you to an
examination table in the corner of the room. ( It seems to be some type of
dungeon ) You are quickly strapped down with thick leather straps. Its a gyn
table, and they quickly spread your legs wide. You still have your clothes on,
but you know that won't last long. the lift your skirt and laugh when they see
that you haven't washed off the maker on your lower body. They're disappointed
to see that the hair on your cunt has grown back to stubble and begin to shave
you. Christy sits on your face, and begins twisting your nipples through your
shirt. you squirm a bit, and candy slaps you hard on the cunt and tell you to be
still while she's shaving. The razor must be dull because you can feel it
pulling out every hair. You know that you were cut a few times too. Finally she
is done and goes to get some after shave. You can smell it as she soaks a coarse
rag in it. You could only watch as she rubbed vigorously up and down your pussy
with the rag. You scream as it burns your skin. It felt like you were on fire,
and she only made it worse by slapping your mound with her hand. After
straightening up your clothes, the put a dog collar around your neck and lead
you back upstairs.

There you see most of the basketball team, sitting around drinking beer and
watching a porno. They all let out a cheer when you entered the room and the
leader tells everyone that they were going to play a game. You were so
preoccupied staring at their swelling cocks, you barely hear the rules of the
game. You would be taken out to the back, ( behind the mansion was a huge field)
and allowed to run to the guest house about 500 feet away. The men would chase
you, and the first one to cum in your ass would win the game. There were 5 men
who would compete for first dibs on your ass. You would be given a 5 second head
start. You knew you would get fucked anyway, so they gave you some incentive.
You would be able to get revenge on christy and candy if you make it to the
guest house. The leader said go, and you run like crazy. It wasn't long before
you hear the players behind you gaining fast. The first one to reach you grabs
for your hair and throws you to the ground. You go tumbling, with him falling on
top of you. The rest soon piled on top, everyone fighting to rip your clothes
off. Soon you are naked as they are still pulling your arms and legs, trying to
get into position. You wind up on your stomach, with sticks and rocks on the
ground poking you.

Seconds later, you feel a cock at your ass. You have no lube, so he can't get it
in, even though he tries very hard. He is pushed off by another, and he also
begins stabbing at your asshole. The third guy to try is a little smarter and
rams his cock into your cunt first to get some lubrication. He's not surprised
to find that you're dripping wet. In one stroke, he rams his cock into your ass
and begins pumping away. As he going, two other men grab your wrists, and pull
you forward, and out from under the guy fucking your ass. Your breasts and
stomach are scraped by the rocks and sticks in the grass. One of them jumps on
you, and quickly rams his thick cock into your ass.

Ok, this is getting a little boring.  Lets get a new direction here.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dmatt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





