BDSM Library - Winning The Lottery




Winning The Lottery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: With all the money they got from the lottery, they could experience everything they wanted in their BDSM lifestyle.
                      WINNING THE LOTTERY

Three years had passed since that fateful morning when Mary
shrieked at the breakfast table, "We Won!"

Startled at this outburst, and not quite sure what had brought on
this inane behavior in his wife, Ike looked up with a bemused
expression on his face.

"Honey," she shrieked again, "our numbers...."
Her voice trailed off, her face redder than he'd ever seen it [even
redder than the time he showed her the video of herself in bondage
-- she had thought she managed to tape over all of them].
Frantically, she held out the lotto ticket.

With just a slight inkling of what she might be talking about, he
tentatively reached out for the ticket she was holding.  But
instead of releasing the ticket into his fingers, she
gesticulated, pointing her finger to the newspaper.  He was more
certain now, but still disbelieving, and then he too saw that the
numbers on their ticket matched the six numbers in the paper.

They embraced, unable to speak, they laughed soundlessly, and
then they hugged, kissed and just starred into the eyes of the
other.

A few weeks had passed between that day and the day they were
able to collect the first of the twenty annual checks they would
receive.  During that interval, they were besieged with people
who would help them manage their affairs; others wanted to be
their investment counselors; still others wanted to sell them
everything from aardvarks to zoos!  Within two days, they decided
to get an unlisted phone; but then they had to tell their
relatives they needed a new phone, and the explanation for that
led to untold relatives suddenly materializing.  Some were close,
a few they had heard of only at family gatherings though they had
never seen them; and then there came the day the black couple had
presented themselves at the door claiming to be third cousins on
Ike's great-grandfather's side.

Eventually, they got through this trauma, and collected their
first check.   The first thing they did, [well, not exactly the
first thing], was to establish complete trust funds for the
girls' college educations.

Ike decided to keep working, but with the safe knowledge that the
corporation had no hold over him.  He simply stated he would work
8 hour shifts, five days a week, with one full week off each
month.  They could take him on this basis, or he could care less. 
The outcome was predictable: they took him on his terms.  

And then Mary and Ike took a trip.




                          THE FIRST TRIP

Planning for this trip had begun even before they had won.  Of
course, it was then a day trip; now, it would be two weeks.

Mary and Ike were very deeply into bondage, D&S, CP and all that
implied.  They lived it.  They enjoyed it.  They thrived on it. 
And they wanted to experience everything they could.

A friend had suggested the day trip idea.  Ike would rent a
wheelchair and take Mary, bound, to a Mall, where he would wheel
her around.  In this way, she could be fully bound and
encumbered, except no one but them would know it.

Now, after the win, they could expand on this theme.  But they
decided to go ahead with the day trip to see how it would go, and
use that experience to prepare for their longer trip.

Renting the chair was not difficult.  Ike picked it up the nite
before.  The clerk at the rental outfit was bored out of her
skull, so Ike didn't have to offer the explanation they had so
elaborately constructed.  He smiled to himself, thinking once
again how simpler it was to do natural things.

Once home, he and Mary studied it, and wondered how to do her so
that she'd be fully encumbered, yet still able to move from car
seat to chair.  She clearly could not have her ankles bound
together, as they would be visible.  

Rope would be used to bind her above and below her knees, but
that would mean wearing a skirt -- did she have even one skirt
that was just ordinary?  Piano wire, invisible to the eye, could
then be used to bind her ankles to the sides of the chair once
she wriggled out of the car and into the chair.  A rope belt,
with crotch ropes, could also be under that long skirt, and piano
wire from the ropes could secure her waist to the chair. 

So that she would not be spending the day in utter relaxation
while Ike wheeled her around, they decided (well, Ike decided and
she knew better than to disagree) she should wear her bondage
bra.  Then, with a loose fitting, pull-over sweater with a high,
fluffy neck, more piano wire could be forced through the sweater
material to secure her upper body to the chair.  Under the
sweater's collar, she would wear her leather collar, demurely
covered, but with its own wires that would hold her head rigidly
in place.  Cuffs at her ankles and upper arms, under the
sweater's sleeves, would similarly be wired to the arm rests of
the chair.

Of course, once all was agreed to, Mary found herself very
shortly secured to the chair.  She was lacking the sweater and
skirt, but that was alright in their own home.   The theory
worked better in practice than some other schemes, and Ike had
only to make a few changes.  When he was done, Mary could move
only her fingers.  It was her idea that she take a pair of close
fitting gloves and sew the fingers together so that when they
were on, there'd be no movement; she even added she would put a
loop in the end of each so that more piano wire could be used to
secure the fingers curled over the end of the arm rest rendering
even this movement nil.

The next day was the expedition.  Ike could tell from the twinkle
in her eyes, that Mary was really up for this.  She, of course,
was unaware of a couple extra elements of her bondage that he had
planned for her.

The first extra made its appearance after Ike tied the rope belt
on her.  It was a vibrating dildo for her pussy with a remote
on/off switch.  This really didn't perturb her in any big way,
but, she nevertheless bitched about it, just to keep up
appearances!  And he, fully aware of her self-imposed obligation
to bitch, cheerfully ignored her bitching.  The bondage bra went
on followed by the cuffs at wrists and upper arms; then, sweater
and skirt [she had found an old, long skirt in the back of her
older daughter's closet, as usual the imp had borrowed something
from her mother and hadn't returned it].  Looking at Mary, Ike
determined it would simplify things if he secured the wires to
the cuffs and rope belt now, before they left, and just left
lengths sticking out of her clothes.  She giggled, as she saw how
she looked with the wires sticking out.  She wondered if indeed
the thin wires might be noticeable, but Ike said she could see
them now only because they were sticking out.

And then it dawned on her: she had no shoes on!  She pointed this
out, but Ike grinned as he brought out surprise number two: his
work boots!  She starred at him, and wondered aloud they were so
large and wouldn't they look hideous?  Well, he replied, the
largeness was needed for the rest and who cared if they looked
hideous?  Doubtful, she sat as he indicated, and he then
proceeded to bind her toes, pointing out she mustn't even be able
to wiggle her toes.  He then pulled his boots up over her feet
and laced them tightly.  She laughed as she tried to walk,
clumping around, but she seated herself again while Ike applied
the rope ties to her knees.

With a coat over her shoulders, they walked to the car.  Ike had
already stowed the chair in the back seat.  Mary shuffled along
as best she could, hoping none of the neighbors, who inevitably
watched, would suspect anything out of the ordinary.  ["Out of
the ordinary?"  Who knew what was ordinary with these two?]

The drive to the Mall took a little over an hour.  Mary had
insisted they go a great distance to preclude the possibility of
meeting anyone they knew with her in a wheelchair.  Once there,
they drove around the parking lot to find a secluded place where
the final steps of securing Mary to her chair could take place. 
They selected a place not too far from the entrance but with no
other cars nearby.  

Ike removed the chair, and then opened the door so Mary could
squirm out and into the chair.  He told her to find a comfortable
position as she was going to be sitting there for a long while. 
She squirmed around, and then indicated she was ready.  Very
quickly, Ike secured her ankles, her waist, her arms and her
gloved hands to the chair with the trailing ends of the piano
wire.  The final step was to secure the collar, and to then roll
the sweater collar to conceal it.

When he had finished, he asked her to try to move.  It was found
she could move her knees back and forth, so additional wire was
used to center and secure her knees.  She tried to move, and
confessed her inability to do so.  

So, in rapid order, Ike produced surprises three and four.  Three
was a large, very wet, nerf ball, and she knew there was only one
place that would go: in her mouth.  With an ugly grimace, she
reluctantly opened her mouth, and he pushed it in.  He told her
there would be nothing to hold it, except her own will, but he
didn't think she would let it go while they were in the Mall. 
She glared back at him!  Surprise number four was something brand
new: Ike applied two, very small pieces of adhesive tape to the
outside corners of her eyelids.  The effect was to hold her lids
open [more movement restrictions, he explained].  He told her too
that he would occasionally squirt artificial tears in her eyes to
keep them from drying out; and then he put wrap-around sun
glasses on her so that nothing could be seen of the tape or her
wide open eyes.  

A blanket then was draped over her, and he began to push her to
the Mall.

Once inside, he removed the blanket and stowed it under the seat. 
He then turned on the vibrator buried in his wife, on slow speed
to give her a chance to adjust to it, and they moved off.  Mary,
if she had been able to, would have jumped when she felt the
familiar buzz start in her pussy; but all she could do was
hummmm.

As had been suggested to them, most people would look away when
they came to the woman in the wheelchair.  Even so, they had no
fear of being found out for the wires were, for all intents,
invisible.

Afterward, Mary reported she had cringed when she saw two people
walking towards them, who seemed to be starring.  Ike had picked
that moment to turn up the vibrator's speed [he was doing it with
short bursts of high speed and longer periods of slow, but
unpredictably; his intent was to not let her cum, but to let her
get really heated -- he was very successful].  The bondage bra
was really digging in.  She couldn't move at all.  The tape on
the eyelids was diabolical.  She was thrilled beyond belief.

She began to fantasize: what would it be like if she didn't have
on the skirt and sweater, just a blanket to cover her?

Ike, for his part, knew she would be fantasizing outrageous
things.  So, he added to her predicament whenever he could.  He
stopped to eat, and ate in front of her.  Secretly, she slightly
parted her lips to allow him a sliver view of the ball she held
in her mouth.  He smiled and nodded, taking a bite out of his
hamburger.

After eating, and knowing the ball might have become dried out,
Ike wheeled her to the facilities area.  He filled a paper cup
with water.  Then, waiting for a time when no one was around, he
told her to push the ball into his hand.   He then held the cup
to her mouth, which she drank of sparingly [she knew there would
be no chance to pee soon -- mental note for future expeditions]. 
Meanwhile, he again soaked the ball and, checking for traffic,
put it back to her mouth where she, this time, opened willingly
and in a moment it was again embedded in her mouth.  Twice more
during the day, the same steps were repeated.

They found a portrait studio, and Ike wheeled her in.  In her
chair bondage, she wondered what this was all about.  She saw him
talking to the photographer, and then with alarm, she felt
herself wheeled into the inner studio.  They were going to have
their picture taken!  Incredible, she thought ... and just then
Ike turned the speed up high and she cooked as the photographer
took pictures of her alone and also with Ike.  She thought sure
she was going over the edge but Ike turned her down just at the
last moment, and she was FRUSTRATED.

She also knew her pussy juices were really flowing.  Ike had said
he loved her odor, but she was still embarrassed, and she knew
they were detectible now!  Well, what the hell, she thought, I
can't even move a fucking finger.

For the most part, people gave them a wide berth.  Still, there
was one elderly couple who attempted to engage them in
conversation.  Mary, of course, could say nothing; Ike, however,
was gregarious -- and, of course, he turned up the speed for Mary
again.  She became frantic as a cum came closer and closer; she
was just about to give up and cum when the speed went down.  She
hadn't noticed the old couple moving on.

Finally, after nearly five hours, they left the Mall.  With wire
cutters, she was out of the chair and in the car in nothing flat.

Once home, they tore the clothes off each other and.......


Based on that experience, they decided on a slightly different
approach for the longer trip.  Mary would not be wheelchair bound
the entire time.  She would travel in leg braces and a cervical
collar.  On her wrists would be the sort of braces typists with
carpal syndrome wear.  Since she would be wearing all that metal,
it was decided the bondage bra would be doable too -- hell, she
could even handle a dildo, but that was eliminated since she'd
have to be able to go to the bathroom by herself on the plane!

The day arrived when they would travel.  Since the girls would be
there to say their goodbyes, Mary could not be in her gear as
they took their leave.  But it was decided they would leave from
home.  Then, they could stop along the way to iron her up.  A
limo started them on their way: that had been the girls' idea,
and both of them approved.

Ike had wondered how they would be able to deal with the limo
driver.  He would see a perfectly healthy Mary enter the motel
and a short time later, she'd come out in braces.  Ike had
considered dismissing the limo at the motel, and then cabbing to
the airport.  But it was Mary this time who said no way.  The
girls had ordered the limo, so they would use it.  So what if
they made the driver wonder!

And that's how it worked out.  The driver didn't say a word about
stopping at the motel, he was being paid by the hour anyway.  He
probably thought the couple was going in for a quickie.  Ike had
gone earlier to the motel and rented the room, and laid out all
the equipment, so as soon as they entered, all Mary had to do was
strip.  Very quickly, the bondage bra was on, the wrist braces
and the steel, leg braces.  And then she was dressed again though
with sensible shoes that were secured to the braces.  The collar
was put on, and then after handing two canes to Mary, Ike made to
open the door.  She called out to wait a moment.  Very
laboriously, she slid a chair near the bed, and then she asked
Ike to lay in front of her.  It didn't take him long to figure
out what she was up to, and he was quickly up to it himself.  In
a moment, he was there, she had his zipper down, and his cock in
her mouth!

Finally, with her canes, after smiling to Ike that they couldn't
disappoint the driver, they exited.  As the previously
unencumbered lady now walking with canes neared the limo, the
driver's eyes widened, but he said nothing, and then smiled as
Mary looked him in the eye.

Airport security was a breeze.  Soon, they were in their first
class seats, on their way to Great Britain.

Their first day was spent relaxing, resting from the long flight,
and just doing what they did best.  Fucking.  Sucking.  Fucking. 
About half way through the day, Mary's braces came off.

That had been a worry: how could Mary come and go in braces one
day, and not in braces the next?  In the end, they decided to
test the highly touted British reserve: they would just do as
they pleased and let the Brits wonder.

The third day they went to the fetish shops.

They were like two kids in a toy store.  Mary got her leather
corset and Ike added thigh high boots with 6 inch heels.  For
Ike, Mary ordered a leather outfit and a hood (she was shy about
it, but he could see she obviously really wanted him to have one
so he acquiesced).  She also got him a full rubber, blow up suit. 
She found herself being fitted for penal chains, very heavy
manacles and fetters with a collar of equal bulk.  Ike also very
gravely provided her with a new hood, but with breath control
devices.

As they were making their purchases, they obviously received a
good deal of attention.  After all, even for the high priced
fetish shops, a tab of over $6,000 attracts attention.  So, when
Ike inquired if they knew of any metal brace manufacturer, the
shopkeeper was only too happy to make a referral, offering to
make a call of introduction.  Arrangements were made for Mary and
Ike to visit the next day; and they were advised to bring along
any braces they might already have.

The shop at which the cab dropped them the next day was a
legitimate medical prothesis establishment.  Mary was decked out
in the same outfit she had been in on the plane, so their
progress across the sidewalk was slowed by her using her canes.

Once in the shop, and after Ike introduced them, they were
immediately whisked to a private office where they were joined by
the manager, a woman in a very severely cut leather dress, with
high heeled boots disappearing under the skirt.

She smiled and welcomed them, and complimented Mary on her garb,
adding she assumed that none of what Mary had on was medically
necessary.  Mary waited for Ike to reply, but he stood mute, so a
very blushing Mary had to reply that no they weren't necessary. 
The manager then asked if the braces were for disciplining a
recalcitrant slave or just for their mutual enjoyment, and Mary
replied very emphatically for their mutual enjoyment.  The
manager smiled and nodded.  

Looking back and forth from one of them to the other, the manager
inquired what degree of encumbrance they sought.  When both
returned perplexed expressions, the manager went on to say what
Mary was wearing then was about one quarter encumbrance in that
her walking was significantly restricted, and mobility of her
wrists and neck was mildly restricted.  Mary could be made
totally immobile, or any variation of the above.

Starting with the legs, the braces she wore now came to just
below the knees.  The control they exerted was through their
being fixed to the shoes.  With sturdier shoes and a brace higher
up the leg, her leg immobility could be increased.  Her legs
could be allowed to flex at the knees or not by a simple
adjustment.

Ike inquired if the shoes could be high heeled.  The manager
smiled, and complimented him on his forward thinking.  No, the
boot could not be made with high heels as normally considered,
but they could be fashioned with platforms with the heel raised
within the shoe-boot.  Ike glanced at Mary, and she nodded
enthusiastically, so he ordered them that way.

For the arms, they were shown cloth wrapped braces much like the
ones she had worn, except when Mary reached out to take it, she
noticed it was considerably heavier than what she then was
wearing.  The manager helped her unwrap the one she had on, and
remove it; and then she help her fit the new one.  There were
glove like holes for her to insert her fingers, but the metal
didn't extend beyond the knuckle, leaving her fingers largely
free.  Straps then went around the wrist and the arms at three
places.

Mary observed that these were far more secure, and would encumber
[she got a kick out of using the manager's own word] her hands
more than the others.

But the manager got back at her with the next device.  She helped
Mary remove the cervical collar, and then she unveiled a metal
cage-like device.  Even Ike smiled at the come-back by the
manger.  The cage opened under the breasts and at the waist.  A
serious metal plate was placed on her back and then the straps
and what not secured it to her, even to the plate that extended
up to the back of her neck where an attached cervical collar
secured it to her neck.  Mary commented very quickly that was a
very seriously rigid piece of equipment.  And that was all it
took to convince Ike that was just what they wanted!!!

At the manager's suggestion [another "gotcha"], Mary wore all of
her new braces back to the hotel.  She was terribly awkward, and
had to sit bolt upright in the cab, but Ike knew too that she was
tremendously turned-on.

She didn't even take off her clothes, to say nothing about the
braces.  It was fast and furious, but so powerful that neither
was able to move [well, even if she had wanted to move, Mary
still was wearing all the metal; and, of course, Ike was all over
her] for several minutes.

Following that excursion, there were several days of simple
sight-seeing.   After all, if they returned home with no sight
seeing to report on, what else would they have been doing?  Of
course, Mary frequently wore one or more items to hold her
attention focused, though usually not visible.

One day they went to an English Whip Maker.  For this trip, and
Mary knew immediately why, Ike suggested she wear just garter
belt, hose, sweater and skirt with high heels.  The Whip Maker
had been a referral from the brace manufacturer.

By the time they left, Mary was the "proud" possessor
of six new items to liven up her circulation -- and, much to his
surprise, Ike had four of his own.  Each item had been carefully
field tested on the respective body parts, and judgement soberly
exercised as to the value of the item.  Of course, the field
testing exacted a certain response too!  The ride back to the
hotel in the taxi seemed to be oh so long!

The following day, they took an overnight to Germany where Mary
was fitted for a Pony Girl outfit, complete with small sulky. 
Petulantly, she had asked if Ike thought he'd be able to get his
big ass on the small seat on the sulky, and he merely grinned
that sneaky grin that she knew would be "reflected" on
her body -- which was what she had intended in the first place.
She also found herself fitted with a metal head cage, which the
proprietor of the store, called a brank.  He had helpfully suggested
that, because of the lady's tendency to say things she might later
regret, the brank could be fitted with a small iron ball gag,
that optionally could have several spikes protruding to remind
her to be very careful of what words she formed with her mouth. 
Of course, there was no doubt that Ike wanted this; Mary wasn't
quite so sure.

Ike was amazed, and Mary even surprised herself, when she asked
the shop keeper if Ike could be fitted with a saddle.  A huge
grin came over the shop keeper's face, as he nodded and replied
ja ja.  So, very quickly the necessary leather straps and what
not had been produced.  At Mary's insistence, Ike had to strip
down so the leather could be fitted right to his skin!

It was quite embarrassing to Ike to find that he responded to
being nude and having leather straps fitted on his body; indeed,
he responded in a BIG way.  Mary was enjoying Ike's discomfort,
and when the shop keeper glanced at her, she wondered to the
shopkeeper if there wasn't some way to contain that response.  Of
course, the shop keeper was only too happy to oblige, and soon
Ike was wearing a leather chastity belt too!  The shop keeper
didn't even hesitate in giving the key to Mary!

Since all their items would be custom made, they had no parcels
to carry back through customs.  But the shop keeper did inquire
if they had to rush back.  When they said no, he suggested a side
trip to Amsterdam where they could go to the Club Domina.  Since
they had read about the place in many magazines, their interest
was aroused.  The shop keeper said he would call ahead and make
reservations for them, but he suggested they might want to wear
more fetishistic costumes than they had with them.  When they
agreed, he directed them to another place in Amsterdam.

A few hours later, they were in the shop in Amsterdam, where Mary
selected a full length rubber cat suit, complete with a hood that
left her face bare.  A small blindfold was optional.  On her
feet, she wore knee high, high heeled rubber boots.  Ike's eyes
nearly boggled out of his head as he gazed on his wife in this
skin tight, stretchy outfit.  He hadn't given much thought to
rubber before, but now.......  Ike's selection was a pair of
leather trousers and a silk, open shirt and knee high boots (no
high heels yet).  Ike also took a set of leather wrist and ankle
cuffs for Mary to wear.  The shop keeper wondered why Ike didn't
put them on Mary right there, since they would next be heading to
Domina.  Mary was less certain, but the shop keeper assured her
it would not be strange, in the neighborhood where they were, to
see women or men wearing restraints or fetish outfits.

Sure enough, when they did depart the shop, with Mary with the
leg restraints and her wrists cuffed behind her, the first couple
they saw was a woman in leather and high heel boots, trailed by a
man in a business suit with a collar around his neck with a leash
attached and held by the woman.

Their visit to Club Domina was nearly over powering.

It was one thing for Ike to bind Mary in yards of ropes, to gag
her, to spank and whip her, to put her hood on her and to put
clamps on her nipples, all this being in the privacy of their own
bedroom.  It was yet another thing for the two of them together
to watch bondage and CP videos as prelude to their own play.  But
it was something else again to watch others do what they did, to
hear those others just as it happened, and even to smell those
others.  And then, add to that others in the audience, who were
getting just as excited as they, as everyone watched what was
happening on the stage. . .well, that was fucking POWERFUL!!!

The first scene grabbed Mary right off the bat.  A female
dominant led her male sub onto the stage.  How did she know which
was which?  Well, the female was dressed and the male was nude. 
Once she was seated in a throne like chair, he dropped to his
knees and began to lick her boots.  From time to time, she made
comments about where he was missing or not taking proper care or
to realize the privilege he was experiencing.  She would
punctuate her remarks with strokes from the quirt in her hand on
his back.  He always responded with an appropriate "yeii"
as the quirt landed, but he never broke stride in licking her boots,
all the way up her legs to her knees.  At last she had him stand
beside her, and with his erect cock, it was clear he had a ring
piercing the hood of his cock.  He grasped his hands together
behind his back.  She shortened her grip on the quirt and began
to whack his cock with it.  He managed to hold perfectly still
for six or seven but then he began to wiggle and twist, but never
back away as she continued to whack his cock.  His erection would
come and go, but she kept on regardless and relentlessly.  After
what seemed fifty strokes, surely, she shifted target to his
nipples.  He clearly enjoyed this more, though she was definitely
hitting those nipples with authority.  Very shortly, his cock was
back up again, and it stayed up as she continued to sting his
nipples.  He tightened his grip on his hands behind his back. 
Pre-cum was seen to be dripping; and then, just as it seemed he
was about to cum, she shifted targets back to his cock and flayed
him as his cock jerked its cum.

The couple left after a few moments, and the audience clearly
caught its collective breath.  Mary mentioned to Ike that if this
was the first act, what would the rest be like.  Ike shrugged his
shoulders, but he added he sure wanted to find out, and Mary
nodded her agreement.

After a brief pause, while shaven-headed waiters/waitresses
[impossible to tell in their uniforms which hid all signs of sex]
passed through the group, two women went to the stage.  Again, it
wasn't difficult to tell which was dom and which was sub.  The
sub had handcuffs behind her back but nothing else.  The dom
looked up, and a metal cage began to descend on a chain.  When
the cage finally settled on the floor, it came to just about neck
high on the dom.  She bent over and flipped a bar, opening the
front of the barred cage.  Without any prodding, the sub bent
over and headed in.  When her head butted up against the rear,
she shifted her ass to one side and, with a little push from the
dom, was totally caged.  The dom then shut the door and put a
padlock on it.  The dom signaled and the cage was raised a couple
feet off the floor, whereupon, the dom turned it slowly around. 
Because of the dimensions, the sub could neither stand, kneel or
sit.  All she could do was crouch.  Her cuffed wrists offered
little or no assistance to maintain her balance.  The dom then
backed away, signaled again for the cage to be raised, and she
left the stage.  The caged sub was raised about ten feet off the
floor, where she spent the rest of the nite, slowly twisting,
except when the sub attempted to ease her cramping when the cage
bounced and twisted a bit faster.

A shorter break intervened, during which time two ghosts arranged
some furniture on the stage.  One item was a slanted door like
item, though it seemed longer.  Another item was easier to
identify: a full pillory/stocks.  A man led two women out on
stage.  One he quickly imprisoned in the pillory/stocks.  Bending
her legs at the knees, she was quickly locked ankles and wrists
in a one piece item.  The head pillory was sort of unique in that
it was fixed to the wrist/ankle piece at right angles.  Her head
was soon locked in, and the modification was clearly superior to
the original in that she was able to watch was going to happen to
the other woman.  This other woman was led to the slanted door,
where she stepped up and stood on pegs about a foot off the floor
with her back to the door.  A ladder was at her side, and the man
stood on it to fix leather cuffs to her wrists and to fix them to
hooks dangling down the board from the top.  Not satisfied with
the tension, he told her to try to stand on the pegs below on tip
toes.  When she had managed that, he tightened the tension.  He
then got off the stool and knelt near her ankles.  He put cuffs
on each ankle and then, after removing the pegs on which she had
been standing [and throwing all her weight on her wrists], he put
as much tension on the hooks to fasten her ankles.  The woman was
now spread-eagle, under fair tension, with her whole weight
supported by her wrists.  He inquired how she was, and she
indicated all was okay.  He made adjustments on the door frame
and suddenly, she was flat and then upside down and then turning
over from side to side.  The table was in the middle of a large
gyro.  After she had been in every degree of a sphere, he stopped
her back in the original position.  Then he fitted a long steel
bar in the side of the table, but on an up slope like a lever. 
He went to the end of the bar, reached up and grasped the bar,
and pulled down.  The middle of the table began to separate on an
eccentric mechanism.  The effect was to increase the tension
drastically even with the two parts of the table only a couple
inches apart.  He applied greater force, the table seemed to
separate more, and she moaned, moving her head from side to side. 
He relaxed the force, the table closed and she relaxed.  After a
brief moment, he said something, she nodded, and he pulled down
on the lever again.  The table separated, her limbs went taught,
and her moan was even louder.  He held her there for several
moments, and then let up but not fully.  Her gaze was fixed on
him, and then she gave the briefest of nods; whereupon he hauled
on the lever even harder.  The table seemed to be separated a
full six inches.  She moaned, and then screamed.  He held her for
the briefest instant as she screamed, and then released her
fully.  He again adjusted the table so that she was horizontal,
and he made a serious effort to kiss and massage her arms, her
legs and, of course, her mouth.  The audience knew this was not
the end, and nobody stirred.  Shortly, he moved the table top so
that her feet were up.  He changed the position of the lever, and
hauled on it again.  She went taut and moaned, and he hauled the
harder on the lever, so that she seemed nearly rigid and she
screamed again.  He held her like that, screaming, until her
scream died down to a ragged moan and then she emitted a feeble
please, when he immediately released the lever.  She was put back
in the horizontal.  He released her cuffs and then helped her to
stand.  She did, but with difficulty.  But the whole audience
applauded.  This had been very impressive.  The other woman, in
the pillory/stocks, had looked on with fascination and a hint of
horror.  She gave every indication of being very much relieved
when she was simply released and allowed to leave the stage,
slightly stiff, but with no real damage.

Another intermission, and then a man was fixed to a pillar and
very seriously whipped by another man.  Frequently, during the
whipping, the sadist would stop and kiss his male masochist, and
otherwise feel him.  After at least 50 strokes, there were a few
bruises on the masochist's back.  Another 50 or so produced the
first blood.  And then the sadist really began to lay on the
whip, cutting the skin of the back, thighs or ass of the bound
masochist.  All through it, the masochist made not one sound! 
Once the whip tip caught the cage of the woman suspended from the
ceiling.  She was so startled, she eeeked, but the audience was
so mesmerized by the full-blooded flogging the masochist was
getting that no one even noticed.  When at last the sadist threw
down his whip, the entire backside of his masochist was a bloody
mess.  The sadist then released his masochist, who slid slowly to
the floor.  The sadist very gently helped him to his feet, and
helped him off the stage.

The intermission this time was longer for there was a need to
clean up the stage.

Mary caught Ike's eyes, and both knew that what they had just
seen was way beyond anything they had even suspected might
happen.  Mary had been fascinated, deeply moved, but appalled at
the idea she might one day be in either of the roles!  Ike never
told Mary how he felt.

Although they didn't know when the five people came on stage,
this was to be the last event on the stage.  Two people, one man
and one woman, were in full length rubber suits.  They were
seated on short stools and the other three pulled full helmets
over the heads of the two seated.  It was clear this was to be
breath control.  The nostrils had tubes which went up over their
heads on the helmets and a hose entered their mouths through a
ball which went inside their mouths.  One of the three announced
that there were check valves on the end of the nostril tubes.  To
Mary's questioning glance, Ike said they would be able to breathe
out, but not in through their nostrils.  Both were then helped to
stand.  Their hands were secured to trapeze bars and raised up
over their heads, but no real stretch was put on them.  Each was
breathing easily through the tubes in their mouths.  And then one
of the others rolled out a mechanical device.  The mouth tubes
were hooked up to this device.  The same one who spoke earlier
did so again to tell them the device would control how much air
their would be able to breathe, and what sort of air, adding that
they could mix into the air some laughing gas, the odor of shit,
the odor of dead animals, and a host of other noxious things, but
none that would be dangerous.  And so it started.  The air to
both was shut off for a full minute and it could be seen that
scared both the hanging woman and the hanging man.  When air was
restored, a few moments were allowed for both to gulp in
quantities of air.  But, unnoticed by either, one of the
remaining three adjusted the device, and instantly, both were
aware of a difference in the air they were breathing.  It was
clear this was air neither wanted to breathe in that they tried
to back away; this was useless of course but the effect on the
audience was profound.  Again, no air at all; then something
else.  This went on and on.  The two hooked up had become aware
of the pattern, so that when air was shut off, they didn't get
scarred as they had.  And then came the time when the air stayed
off!  The woman seemed to sense something was wrong sooner than
the man, but not by much.  Their hooded heads turned and twisted. 
They stamped their feet.  And then they seemed to sort of relax,
and sink down, so that both were supported only by their wrists
secured to the trapezes.  When there was no movement out of
either, the knobs on the device were quickly twirled and with the
others supporting them, the man and woman were soon on their
feet.  Ike looked at Mary, shook his head from side to side,
passing judgement on whether they would try that.

Audience participation was invited, and a few people took up the
invitation, but the attention to detail was missing.  Realizing
the evening was over, Mary and Ike left, with Mary still wearing
the leather restraints.  She no longer noticed them.  Her parting
view of the scene inside the club was the woman in the cage, high
over the stage.  Since there were no more flights to England that
nite, they went to the recommended hotel, where they passed the
rest of the nite in some languid and satisfying sex.  

The next morning, Ike finally released Mary from her restraints. 
They got out of their outfits, showered and then returned to
England, for the flight home.

But, a session in the Jacuzzi and a moderate session with Ike
whipping Mary rejuvenated them.  He was careful not to strike her
still heavily marked ass.  Back in her chastity belt and with her
bondage bra on, they went to a play and dinner, and then back to
their hotel.

The next day, they were off to France, where they went to see the
dungeon in the Bastille.  While there were no wax figures in or
on any of the engines, these were the real devices.  Blood stains
were still visible on the base of a guillotine.  Marks from
fingernails in the wood of pilars used to secure people for
whippings were eloquent in describing the agony of those under
those whips.

>From Paris, they went to Morocco.  Here they went to a modern day
slave trading auction.  Ike had been warned it was dangerous to
take Mary to such a place, for she would fetch a nice price.  But
they were determined, so one of their friends directed them to
one of the actual traders who agreed to protect them.

Discreetly concealed from the bidders, Mary watched an auction. 
In a burnoose, Ike was out in the crowd.  The poor wretches who
were to be sold were about equally divided between men and women,
but they were a sorry lot.  Mary couldn't tell what the prices
were but it didn't seem as if anyone was happy with the outcome. 
She had lost sight of Mike out in the open, and was beginning to
wonder could she go look for him, when suddenly, a hand clasped
over her mouth and another over her breasts.  When she attempted
to struggle, she felt other hands grasp her ankles.  Panic
stricken, she flayed out, but found she was well secured in the
grasp of these people.  Momentarily, a thought flashed through
her mind about the futility of all that body building pain she
had endured over the years; but then the terror returned.  

She felt her ankles and legs being tied, and then that tieing
went on up her body.  A black cloth was pulled over her head, and
then on down her body.  Her arms and mouth were free, and she did
her best to battle with both, but the bag was too secure and her
screams, grunts and yells had absolutely no effect.

The next sensation she had was of being carried in a horizontal
mode through corridors and around corners.  There was talking
around her, and even laughter; and once she thought she even
heard women laughing.  She felt herself being placed down on
something, and she thought she understood a car trunk lid being
closed on her.  When the motor started and the car began to move,
she knew she was going for a ride.  It was futile to attempt to
recall the turns as she had no idea where she had started from.

The drive felt like it had left the city for the open road, as
speed seemed to pick up and there were fewer turns or stops. 
This part of the trip seemed to last for a quarter hour.  Mary
was glad for the diversion of trying to analyze the ride as it
kept her mind off the terror.

The ride was back in a built up area again, and very soon it came
to a stop altogether.  The trunk was opened, and she was quickly
hoisted out and carried somewhere.  Then she was put down.  A
door closed.  Nothing happened, and she could hear nothing. 
Tentatively, she tried to move.  Nothing happened to her.  She
attempted more movement, and noticed a glimmer of light.  The bag
was open; in a moment, she was out of it.

Her prison was a small room with a dirt floor.  One small cot was
all the furniture, if you excluded the pot and basin in the
corner.  One small light bulb was in a ceiling fixture, providing
the only illumination in the room.  There were no windows and but
one door, without a knob.  She stood by the door, listening, but
could hear nothing.  She considered pounding on the door, and
yelling for someone to set her free, but she reasoned that was
not likely and the yelling might get her into trouble.

Well, she thought, this is one hell of a fix.  She wasn't even
sure if Ike was aware she was gone.  Where had he gone?  Had
something happened to him too?  And she began to weep.  Not wail,
but just a steady, convulsive sobbing.

How long this continued she was not sure.  It was interrupted by
the door opening.  A man in a burnoose stood there in front of
her when she raised her eyes.

He said Good Day Mary Elise.  With a start, she realized he had
called her by her given name.  She never used it.  No one called
her that except her Mother.  And then she reasoned, he had her
passport.

The man then proceeded to explain what had happened.  White women
were highly sought after in this part of the world.  She was to
be sold, of course, and as quickly as possible.  No doubt she was
hoping to find some way to escape, and he encouraged her in her
thinking -- it helped to pass the time and kept the spirits up. 
Would her husband be able to enlist the aid of the American
Embassy -- sure, but to what end?  She had just dropped out of
sight, and would stay out of sight for as long as her owners
wanted.  Did she start at the fact she was now owned? -- she had
best come to grips with that for that was a fact.  For how long?
-- that was a decision to be made by her eventual owner.  Some
slaves were released after a time; others were sold again and
again, but each successive sale was to a lesser position.

As he anticipated her questions, and then answered them, she
alternately stared and glared at him in amazement.  She
vacillated between this couldn't be happening and when would the
charade end to this has happened and I'll never see Ike or the
girls again.

She came out of her self pity to hear the man acknowledging her
chastity belt with approval.  That would enhance her value at the
sale, which would be the very next day.  She was a hot commodity,
and the quicker she was sold, the better he would like it.

With an abruptness that startled and disappointed her, he was
gone.  So long as he was talking, she had a grip, albeit minor,
on reality.  Now, alone in the Spartan room, despair began to
creep in.  But, being a practical sort of person, she realized
her future was beyond this room, so the best thing to do would be
to try to get some rest.

A torrent of some language raised her to consciousness.  She was
jerked upright and pushed out the door.  She gave a single
thought to bolting, but seeing the armed guard at the end of the
corridor ahead of her ended that notion.  She was prodded into a
second room where there was a tub and an old crone, who motioned
her into the tub. 

The water was warm, and she was allowed to relax in it for
several minutes.  Then, the old crone began to soap her up, skin
and hair.  Mary was a little put-off when the old woman began to
soap her breasts; it had been a very long time since another
female had touched her there.

Within an hour, she was scrubbed and coiffed.  She actually felt
pretty good.  She was fed, and thus, under other circumstances,
she would have felt quite pleased with herself.

The man who talked to her the day before now came for her, and
asked her to come with him.  He said that he would put handcuffs
on her to discourage any idea of running.  He felt no concern
that she might trip for he was reasonably sure she had worn cuffs
often.  [Damn that chastity belt, she thought.  That's how he
knows.]  Thus, she was startled when he continued to talk, saying
it wasn't just the chastity belt she was wearing but just her
whole demeanor. . .she had been born to wear handcuffs!  [Christ,
she wondered, how can somebody be "born" to wear handcuffs?  And
then she answered her own question -- I really am born to wear
them because I damn well want to wear them.]

After turning several corners, she found herself in the room
where yesterday's auction had been held.  She knew it from the
way it looked, but she also saw where she had watched the
proceedings the day before.  She looked at her escort
questioningly, and he smiled as he nodded.  Yes, he said to her,
the ride in the car trunk was bogus, just to confuse her and to
make her less resistant.  She wanted to be angry, but at whom and
for what, so she merely shrugged.  The man led her to a pole
where there was a chain with an open collar.  He put the collar
around her neck and locked it, and then left her.

There stood Mary Elise, naked but for a metal chastity belt, with
a collar on her neck and chained to a post in a slave market in
Morocco.  Now what?

"What" was soon answered, as some men began to drift into the
slave market.  There were curious stares directed her way, and
she tried to hide her nudity.

When fifteen or so men were milling about, the man who had talked
to her came back.  In a conversational tone, in a language she
did not understand, he addressed the men in the market.  The
listened very seriously, and then grins came over them.  Some
even laughed out loud.  They turned to her with renewed interest.

The man then turned to her and told her to stand away from the
pole.  If these men were to be to bid good money for her, they
deserved to see what they were bidding on.  Mary was in a
quandary.  She didn't want to expose herself more; but, she
reasoned, perhaps if she did her buyer might look more kindly on
her.  In the end, vanity prevailed.  She was stacked, and she
knew she was stacked, so she stood away from the pole, threw her
shoulders back and spread her legs slightly.  She was ready to be
sold.

While she didn't understand the language, she was surely able to
understand the auction.  Bidding for her was spirited, and from
the smile on the man's face, she felt the price to be paid for
her would be high.

Finally, the bidding slowed, with only two in the audience
keeping it up.  And then, the man swung his arm to punctuate a
word.  It was over. She had been sold!

To her dismay, everyone then left, including the man who had been
conducting the auction.  She was left as she was: naked, hands
cuffed behind her and a collar holding her to the post.

Time passed.  The chain on her collar was not long enough to
permit her to sit.  

She stood.

And stood.

And stood.

At last, she saw three men coming towards her.  One was the man
who conducted the auction.  He told her that she was to be
prepared for shipment.  He ignored her question as to where she
was to be shipped.  She was unlocked from her post, but her hands
were not freed.  The silent men walked on either side of her
around corners and down corridors.  [She had thought to herself,
she'd never have escaped.  This place was like a lambrythe.]

Finally, they entered a room. There, in the middle, was an old
fashioned steamer trunk, standing on one end and open.  She did
not like what she saw: a small chair built into the base of the
trunk but the two men quickly had her sitting on it.  Then, very
rapidly, leather straps held her at ankles, knees, upper thighs,
waist, chest, arms, and neck.  Her mouth was forced open, and it
was packed with a huge amount of cloth.  Mary had been gagged
before, but this was ridiculous.  She couldn't begin to close her
mouth!  And then, non-stick, hospital tape was wrapped around her
head several times to secure the packing.  On her head, they put
a football-like helmet, and this was in turn strapped to the
sides of the trunk.  Except for the seat bottom, everything was
heavily padded.

The man cautioned her not to worry; her handlers would be most
careful for it would mean their lives if she got so much as a
scratch.  The man who purchased her was very interested in her
safety and good condition.  Besides, the trip would not be a long
one.  With that, he signaled the handlers, and the trunk was
closed.

Mary felt the trunk tip slightly, and then she knew it was on a
small, 2 wheel truck.  She was wheeled away on her journey into
slavery.

Ventilation was adequate, and despite the warnings to her
handlers about her safety, she was jostled enough so that she
would have been marked up pretty badly had it not been for the
rigid pose she was held in.  She knew when she was put on a
jet...the familiar jet fuel odors were very strong.  The take-off
was smooth, and very soon they were airborne.

Wryly, she wondered if this would be a circular flight and she
would end up back in the slave market.  The flight was longer
than the auto ride had been.  

She must have dozed for the screech of the wheels touching down
startled her.

She, that is her trunk, was removed from the plane, and placed on
a truck.  Very soon, she heard what must have been the customs
people inquire as to what was in the trunk.  [Good, she thought,
somebody speaks English around here.]  It pissed her off that she
was referred to as old clothes and second hand books.  But, there
was no mistaking the stamp of approval of the customs person, and
the continuation of the journey.

The trunk was placed on a truck, and the rid was slow.  Even so,
she rocked quite a bit. Thank God I don't get seasick, she
thought.

Ultimately, the ride stopped, and she (in her trunk) was placed
on the ground.  She heard the hasps and locks on the trunk being
undone, and then the trunk was opened.  She wondered what her
purchaser would look like.

He had a very long beard!  Ike!  What the hell?

And then she saw some of the others from the party in London, and
she knew it had all been a very elaborate hoax.  Even the man who
conducted the auction was there.

The immediate relief was replaced by extreme anger, but that
quickly turned to joy.  Ike was hurriedly removing her gag and
undoing the straps that held her in her trunk.  When at last she
was free, she stood up and fell into his arms.

That evening, the events of the past three days were explained to
her.  She was loudly complimented on her pose during the auction. 
Other subs who had gone through it had turned into whimpering,
whining wretches, but not Mary: she had pride and pizazz!

Her only question was to inquire the true amount that was the
winning bid.

There were embarrassed and then sheepish looks, before the
auctioneer stated she had fetched eleven and a half cents.

There was silence, and then she started to giggle, and that
turned to guffaws, and she really did pee her pants [well, that
is, she would have peed her pants if she had any on].

This whole event had been the special part of the trip that had
been added on.  She smiled benignly at all, and admitted it was
very well done, and she held no grudges [but she had her fingers
crossed when she said no grudges].

It happened that they were exactly where their itinerary said
they should be.  It was an African game preserve, the hotel in
the trees.  Here tourists were in the cage, and the wildlife had
the run of the preserve.  Residents could look out their window
at the wildest of wildest Africa.

In residence at the hotel were several primates.  All were for
sale.  One in particular took a liking to Mary, a reddish haired
Orangutan, who looked a lot like the Clyde of the Clint Eastwood
movies.  

One nite, Mary and Ike were sitting in the glassed-in lounge,
overlooking the jungle below, at twilight, when the nocturnal
animals began to come out to hunt.  The Orangutan came and sat by
Mary, and very calmly reached his arm over her shoulder and
cupped her breast!  She was too startled to move, and then she
saw that Ike was laughing so hard, he could barely get his
breath.  She demanded to know what was so fucking funny, and he
recalled for her a computer adult image where a chimp was
squeezing a woman's boob, all the while smiling that toothy grin. 
She got laughing too, and the Orangutan chimed in too.

One of the attendants came over to see what was the fuss.  Both
Ike and Mary spoke as one that there was no fuss.  Then, Mary
asked the price of the Orangutan, and when told what it was, she
said to Ike she wanted it to take home.  She said she'd call the
beast Bernie in honor of a friend they both had.  For some
reason, the Orangutan chose that moment to really squeeze harder,
and Mary squeaked, and Ike, laughing so hard that tears were
running down his face, came over to help separate Bernie from his
wife's tit.

What they thought would be wildly erotic, observing men and women
having sex with various animals, turned to be a bummer.  Oh, they
watched women fuck ponies and donkeys, a man had a snake pushed
up his ass, women fucked everything imaginable: goats, dogs,
pigs.  It just didn't work for them.

That nite, Mary wondered if Bernie had been trained in the same
place.  They laughed.  

The next day, Bernie was crated for shipment to the USA, and they
continued their trip to East Africa.  Here they were guests of
local business people.  The blacks were in the process of taking
over, or had already taken over the government.  Even so, on
private land, servants and others were brought for corrections of
behavior.

To Mary, it was just like the penal flogging that they had seen
at Madame Troussaud's.  The man or woman was secured to a pilar
around which they tried to wrap their arms -- some men could, but
most men could not and none of the women could.  The executioner
then was told how many strokes were thought to be correct for the
problem, and they were administered with a bull pizzel.  None
whose back was caressed with the bull prick escaped without at
least a bead of blood; some displayed a great deal of blood.  The
most serious infraction, stealing from the lady of the house, got
the accused seven strokes.  His back was a bloody mess when he
was taken down.

As they stood there, watching, Mary felt a growing heat in her
loins.  This was, by far, the most serious CP she had ever seen. 
Finally, she whispered in Ike's ear she had to be able to grasp
that pillar while that pizzel was applied to her back.  He looked
at her with concern.  Never before would there have been such a
serious application.  The likelihood that she would be marked was
nearly 100%; that the marks would be permanent was better than
50%.  He expressed his reservations with regret: he knew that she
wanted it, but he was fearful.  She acknowledged his concern, and
she agreed with him; yet, the fire in her pussy was nearly
overwhelming.  Never had she felt such a need to feel a whip.

And so, it was arranged.  When all the punishments had been meted
out for the day, one of their friends approached the executioner. 
With much gesticulating, and glances at Mary and Ike, but more at
Mary, the executioner finally nodded.  Their friend came to them
and said it was arranged.  But Mary refused to move towards the
post.  With some impatience, their friend inquired if she wasn't
serious, and she replied that she was utterly serious, and that
she wanted to be reassured that the executioner was not going to
soften his strokes.  Caught in a subterfuge, the friend faltered,
and then he returned to the executioner, who nodded and smiled.

In a thrice, Mary was stripped to her chastity belt, and she
attempted to wrap her arms around the pillar.  She was tied
tightly, and she waited.

Liquid fire erupted on her back.  Oh, shit, she thought.  Ike was
right.  This WAS too much.  She wanted to say stop, but before
she could......

Stroke number 2 wrapped her back in more fire. She KNEW her back
was bleeding in many places.  Thank  God, there would only be....

Stroke number 3 was both the hardest and the last.  She knew she
would never have lived through more.  She simply collapsed in her
bonds.  My God, what have I gotten myself in for.  The mist of
pain had clouded her vision.

Moments later, sitting in a chaise, she re-orientated herself. 
She sat upright, and looked behind her, checking for her blood on
the chair.  There was none.  Perplexed, she looked at Ike, who
shrugged.  [I want to see], she insisted, so a mirror was
brought, and she observed.  

YES, there were three bright red lines.

YES, there were bruises even brighter red where the lines
intersected.

No, there was no blood; and she realized she was disappointed.

>From East Africa, they moved on to Asia, to Ankara, Turkey.  Here
they were taken on a tour of a prison for dangerous prisoners. 
And because they were dangerous, each one of them wore connected
wrist and ankle fetters.  While most were men, there were women
too.  Their uniforms were all alike: a sort of sarong.  It had to
be simple since the chains just did not come off -- there were no
locks, they were riveted on.  Mary and Ike also saw the solitary
confinement area, and it was remarkably like what they had in
their own dungeon.  [As yet, Ike and Mary hadn't made a whole lot
of use of their cells.  That nite, they agreed neither had seen
much to encourage them at this prison to make more than the
occasional use of them.  But then Mary added that being in there
alone was scary, but if Bernie was locked in with her, that might
make it better.  Ike wanted to know if she wanted them in the
same cell, but she said no; she'd want Bernie to be a separate
cell so that when he smelled her juices, he'd be all the more
frustrated.  Ike just shook his head at the diabolical thoughts
his sweet, cuddly loveable wife could come up with.] 

They were quite happy to move on to the next stop in Nepal. 
Although officially outlawed for many, many years, the practice
of settee, the practice of burning the widow --alive-- on the
pyre of her dead husband, was still done in some places.  And
they were going to watch.

Of course, it was necessary to have a corpse, and none were at
hand, so no widow in waiting either.  They had realized that
possibility when they put Nepal on the itinerary, but who knew. 
Their second nite, the couple who were their host and hostess
arranged a small party.  This couple knew Ike and Mary only as
friends of friends who wanted to see settee, if possible; they
did not know of Ike and Mary's D&S.

Thus, both were quite surprised after dinner.  Furniture was
pushed to the side, musicians set up their instruments and the
rug rolled up.  And the very first dancer came in laden with tiny
links, light chains, and began to dance!  Of course, the young
woman was in colorful costume, but there wasn't much of that. 
Mary began to count the chains.  The young woman had a golden
(gold?) collar around her neck, and cuffs of similar material
around her upper arms and wrists, and around her thighs and
ankles.  A belt, also of the same material, encircled her waist.

Starting at the top, the girl had piercings in her eye brows, her
nose, several in each ear, at the top of each shoulder, in her
nipples (these were covered, but with the thinnest veil
imaginable), in her navel, many in her pussy (this too was
theoretically covered), and in her inner thighs.  Tiny chains
connected each of these piercings to each cuff/collar/belt.  On
each chain was a different sized bell that she was able to sound
by just the right muscular action.  Her dance steps were slow,
but the melody she made with her bells was fantastic.

While not exactly erotic, Ike and Mary agreed the dance was
provoking, and especially well done.

The next part of the entertainment was far more violent.  Two
nude, young women duked it out.  They fought with their fists,
they wrestled and the used knives.  At first it had appeared to
be a fairly well choreographed event, but then the fists seemed
to make contact and cause result, the wrestling got more violent,
and it came clear this was for real.  Mary slid to the front of
her chair where she watched intently.  With her body building,
she felt she could buy into this.  These gals were hurting each
other.  Both would be very sore the next day.  But then, when
they picked up knives, Mary didn't know what to think.  The two
women went at each other with the blades with the same reckless
abandon as they had pummeled or threw each other.  If there had
been any doubts about the fighting or wrestling, there could be
none when two cuts were opened on the shoulder of one of the
women.  Mary and Ike finally came to understand: the fighting and
wrestling was to soften each up; the cutting was the way to
victory.  How many cuts would each combatant take, while trying
to cut the other, before herself giving up.

It turned out to be quite a few cuts!  Both were quite bloody,
and moving very slowly when finally one woman backed away and
dropped her knife.  The other immediately dropped hers.  And
then, to the amazement of Mary and Ike, they embraced and kissed.

That nite, Ike and Mary discussed what they had seen.  They were
moved, that was certain; but they were uncertain about their
total reaction.

After a while, that nite, Mary whipped Ike.  While it was very
good, it was clear to both her mind was still partially occupied
by what they had seen.

Two days they waited in Nepal, before finally deciding to go on
to South America.

In Argentina, the world's human pony gathering was taking place. 
Mary's harness and sulky had been shipped directly from the USA,
and was there when they arrived.  After a day of soaking and
resting from the long, tedious journey from Nepal, they went out
to the track.  Here, horse barns had been cleaned out, and in the
stalls were human ponies, haltered just the four legged ones. 
Mary had been assigned a stall in a very new barn, so the odor of
horse shit was not overpowering.  Her harness was in her stall,
and the sulky was just outside.

There were very many nude women ponies, and an equal number of
male ponies about, so Mary was not terribly embarrassed to remove
all her clothing.  The first thing that went on her body was the
pair of special, knee high boots: instead of a normal foot, the
base was rounded and flared out so that it looked like a hoof;
and it sounded like a hoof too.  Ike then began the task of
putting her harness on her.  A very wide leather belt was first. 
Straps from this belt went up over each shoulder and rejoined the
belt in back.  Similar straps connected through her groin.  Wide
bands went around her thighs, and these two connected to the
waist belt.  Her wrists were cuffed, and these were secured to
the back of the waist belt.  A very high, rigid collar went
around her neck.  This gave her minimal movement of her head,
unless she bent her whole upper body.  On her head went a bridle
like collection of straps: one around her head like a head band,
one over her head at the temples and under her chin, a bit for
her mouth secured by two straps running behind her head and each
of these secured to the over the top strap.  A plume of ostrich
feathers was secured to the top of her bridle.  And then, the
part she liked least, Ike pushed a butt plug into her out of
which a clump of horse hair stuck so it looked like she had a
tail.

Like that, Ike lead her to an exercise path, and required that
she walk, then trot, then run, then trot, then walk.  Once into
it, Mary enjoyed herself.  She worked up a nice sheen of
perspiration, and was really into being harnessed and required to
act like a pony.  Being naked, outside, added to her zest; and
seeing others harnessed in similar fashion, doing the same things
she was doing, was exciting.  When that thought dawned on her,
she wondered what the hell is happening to me.  And she answered
her own question: she didn't enjoy being nude in a crowd so much
as she enjoyed her obvious better conditioning.  And then a
thought crept into her mind: there was to be a race in a couple
days and maybe, just maybe, she could win.  Nothing like
introducing a little competition to get Mary's blood coursing
through her veins!

So, she threw herself into the training.  Ike noticed the change
in her manner and was perplexed by it, but he said nothing. 
Instead, he helped her along, using his thin whip to cause her to
pick up her knees when trotting.

After a work out, her harness was removed and Ike used a hose and
cloth to clean her.  He then took her to her stall where he left
her.

In the afternoon, he was back.  She was quickly re-harnessed, and
then, after a brief warm-up, he harnessed her to her sulky.  Her
hands were released from behind her back and then fastened to the
staves of the sulky.  This permitted her to hold it up as well as
to grip it to pull it.  When she was in position, the staves
extended out about two feet in front of her for there was a bar
connecting the two staves that was secured to the front of her
belt.  Behind her, there was about two yards to where the seat
was.  When the rider of the sulky was in place, his or her legs
(it had always been only Ike up till now) rested on the staves,
and there was just the right distance to use the sulky whip.  The
tip could be snapped on her ass cheeks, or the full tail could be
laid on her back.  Ike led her out to a track (there were three,
two for practice and one for the event) and let her get a feel
for the footing (hoofing?).  The ground was slightly soft, but
not quite as soft as it would be for horses.  After getting an
acknowledgement that she was ready, he swung himself into the
sulky, positioned his legs, and then with a snap of the whip tip
on her right buttock, they began.  She started off slowly, and
they did one circle of the track at walking speed.  This was
designed so that she could again learn the balances required to
walk in the hoof boots, and the effect of Ike being in the sulky. 
By shifting his weight, he could make the staves want to head
downward (in which case, she had to pull up) or head upward (in
which case she had to hold them down).  For walking, they had
found she did better holding them up, so his weight was forward
in the sulky; for trotting, either way was about the same; but,
for running, definitely holding the staves down was better as she
could allow the bar to which her belt was fixed to ride up just a
little higher so that she was able to get her chest into it
(below her massive boobs, for it was most important that the
boobs be free to swing and sway and jiggle and jounce according
to the rules of the pony girl association!).  Very little about
pony girl racing pleased Ike more than to watch all those boobs
bounce and sway, but Mary wasn't too pleased since it tended to
wear her out.

Training went on like that for two days.  Mary ached that first
nite, sleeping on the floor of her stall.  Of course, she didn't
spend the entire nite there, but enough so that it met the
association requirements.  And, she was back before dawn, with
that sticky, glistening stuff on the inside of her thighs, and a
smile on her lips.

On the third day, it was clear excitement was in the air.  Today
was the day of the races.  Only four sulkies would race at a
time, so there had to be some elimination races.  Mary won her
first two races in a breeze.  In both, there were two female and
two male ponies, and none of the other six were in anywhere near
the good condition she was in.

The third elimination race had a guy who kept pace with her for
most of the way, and it took Ike applying the whip to her back to
get that extra ounce of energy so that she crossed just a boob in
front of the guy.  A protest was made that she had unfair
advantage, but Ike blew them off, saying if the pony boy had
gotten it up, with what he had, he would have more in front than
Mary.

And that put them in the championship.  The ponies were permitted
to rest, but Ike kept Mary moving, even if slowly, so that her
muscles didn't tighten up.  And that undoubtedly was the
difference.  She had some very stiff (well, one was) competition,
but, from the head of the stretch run, there had been no doubt. 
She was in front and nothing or nobody was going to catch her.

In the tradition of racing, a blanket of flowers was draped over
her shoulders and Ike got to drink champagne from the silver cup.

That evening, they were the featured guests at the banquet.

The next day, tired but happy, they flew home.

The girls were just overjoyed with the idea they would be having
an Orangutan coming to live with them.  It seems the shipper had
notified them their Orangutan had arrived, but that it would be
in quarantine for 30 days.  They excitedly wanted to know what it
was to be named, and when Mary said she had already named it
Bernie, the older girl winked and smiled knowingly.




                         THE SECOND TRIP

Things settled down in their lives after the first six months. 
Relatives no longer were on their doorstep every Sunday.  Ike was
nearly joyful in his work, being able to count on his regular
hours, every day.  He took particular delight in declining the
overtime.  It was still required, but he said he could just as
easily retire, and so the superintendents subsided.  Oh, he did
work the occasional overtime, more as a favor to his fellow
workers who might have something planned; that is, he gave favors
when he and Mary did not have something planned.

Mary got a new mini van.  She wanted to get a Masserati, but that
was considered impractical for the suburban Mom, picking up and
dropping off kids, shopping and filling all the other roles she
had to fill.

And, of course, Ike had fulfilled a long held wish: they both got
motorcycles, big brutish machines.  Mary didn't like hers a whole
lot, since she felt she wasn't strong enough; but Ike blew her
off with a comment about all the muscle building she had been
doing over the years.  It pissed her off to no end that he was
right!  She could handle the beast.  Of course, if she ever had
to lay it down, she was pretty sure she'd never get it up by
herself, but Ike promised he'd help.  Still, as often as not, she
was on his buddy seat.

Eventually, they went house hunting.  Some years before, they had
been riding around the area and found a home that advertised it
had a dungeon.  They went looking for it, and found it.  But it
wasn't for sale!

Disappointed, they decided to keep looking.  Eventually, they
went to see a realtor.  They described their needs, but they
emphasized they were not interested in an estate.  As they
talked, the realtor began to pick through several files, and then
offered one house that might meet their needs.  Five bedrooms,
three of which had its own bath, with a Jacuzzi in the Master
Suite.  Living room, dinning room, country kitchen, den, family
room and a full basement.  There were fireplaces in the family
room, living room and Master Suite.  The realtor stopped, and
then looked up, slightly embarrassed, to say there was a walled
off portion of the basement that was labeled dungeon on the
listing.  Neither Ike nor Mary said anything, and then with a
masterpiece of acting, Ike reached for the listing, and sure
enough it had a picture of the house they wanted.

In the fullness of time, they bought it.  The owners would not
let the realtor show the dungeon, but they called Mary and Ike
one nite and invited them over.  When they arrived, they were
greeted cordially and made comfortable in the Living Room.  After
ice-breaking chit chat, the female owner said you know about our
special room in the basement?  Mary countered that the realtor
hadn't been able to show it to them.  The male owner said that
had been at their insistence.  The female owner said she supposed
Ike and Mary knew what a dungeon was, and both nodded, Mary a
little more enthusiastically than they had planned.  Well, then,
the female owner went on, they could have the room as is or it
could be cleaned out.  Ike inquired what was in there, and the
male owner said they weren't going to say -- the option was to
take it as is or totally cleaned out.  Ike looked to Mary and she
smiled and nodded, so Ike said they'd take it as is.  Both owners
stood, followed by Mary and Ike.  Hands were shaken all around,
and then the male owner handed Ike a key and the female owner
handed Mary a key.

Three weeks later, Mary and Ike took possession of their new
house.  Both of them had a special key in their pockets, that
just seemed to be burning a hole, but since the girls were with
them on this visit, they couldn't go near it.

Moving in was an horrendous time.  Still, as is the case,
inevitably, it was done.

At breakfast the morning after their first nite in the house,
their older daughter inquired about a locked door in the
basement.  Now parents, over the years, get quite good about dead
panning in front of their children, so neither paid much
attention.  Then, with just the right amount of casualness, Ike
said he seemed to remember it and would check it out later.  The
elder then volunteered that it might be a wine cellar, but the
younger opined that it could be a dungeon.  Before Mary or Ike
could say or react to that, the older girl said that Mom would
like that, and she grinned impishly at her Mother.  The younger
smiled too, but then the conversation of the girls went on to
other things, leaving Mary with a fast beating heart and a gleam
in Ike's eyes.

Finally, the girls were off to school, and Mary and Ike got the
opportunity to go look at their dungeon.

The key worked smoothly, but the door was double thick and swung
quietly on well-oiled hinges.  There was a light switch on the
wall that produced subdued lighting to reveal a nice size room. 
Three steps led downward to give the room greater height.  The
temperature was just right, and the humidity was fine.  It was
clear that this room was set apart from the systems for the rest
of the house.  As they entered, the door swung shut behind them,
and they could hear the lock click.

Surveying the room, they saw a pillory, an X cross, a gallows, a
rack, a T cross, a whipping bench, and, in the middle of the
room, a solitary pole.  On the walls, hung chains and manacles
that were imbedded in the stone walls.  The floor was carpeted.  

In the far wall, the outside perimeter wall of the house, there
was a rough wooden door.  That door opened onto a rather dark
corridor, lighted by only one low-watt bulb.  Two other doors led
off this corridor: on the one side was a normal sized door, that
opened onto a cell, which had a cot and a sink, and very many
chains.  

The other door was considerably smaller, and opened onto another
cell, but it was a cramp cell: the occupant would not be able to
sit, stand or lay down; and there was no sink or cot, just a
floor drain.  

And then they noticed at their feet a trap door.  When they
opened it, they peered down at a circular pit, maybe two and a
half feet in diameter.  A tiny ladder permitted a person to climb
down, where s/he would just stand, able to do nothing else and,
when the trap was closed, able to see nothing.

Tuned to a very sharp focus, it was Mary who said she had to see
what that was like.  Quickly pulling off her t-shirt and jeans
(which, of course, left her naked), she sat at the edge of the
pit, and then carefully turned over and began the descent of the
ladder.  When her feet were on the bottom, she looked up.  Her
expression spoke volumes, but Ike understood and he gravely
lifted and then lowered the trap, sealing his wife in the pit. 
When the trap was down, he noticed some pegs and a sledge hammer. 
Taking one of the pegs, he put it into the handle and then drove
it home with the sledge.  No way would Mary ever be able to get
out of the pit by herself.

Later, when she had been freed, she complained about the length
of time Ike had left her in there; but when he said it had only
been fifteen minutes, she was stunned.  She said time just stood
still.  She found she could turn around, even wedge her body
against the walls and she imagined, in time, the person in there
would sleep.  But it would be incredibly bad for someone with
claustrophobia.  Ike nodded, and then asked if it had been a turn
on -- and Mary smiled.

Saying there was no time like the present, they began to
experience the various devices in the dungeon.




                          THE THIRD TRIP

And so they had gotten accustomed to having their lives with more
money, and their life with their special brand of fun.

Some place along the way, they had a very serious discussion
about over-indulging themselves.  Now that they could afford
almost anything, they worried they might get jaded; and so they
had established a ration.  Total number of hours per month for
use of dungeon apparatus was fixed, although time spent in any of
the three cells by either of them would not count against
apparatus time.  Significant whippings for each were limited,
though love making sessions involving the use of whips, paddles
and the like were excluded from the time limitations.

Very early, they realized that some of the dungeon play might be
so exhausting that fucking and sucking might not be feasible.  It
was agreed that whenever that happened, some vanilla sex would
follow before another trip to the dungeon.  Of course, they
realized they would not be punching a clock, so to speak, but
they were serious about not becoming hedonists.

And so life went on.

The trip in the second year was to be made to some out-of-the-way
places, not ordinarily on the agenda of the typical tourist, but
which would have particular appeal to them.  It had been amazing
how their world had expanded since their first trip to Europe. 
The D&S community was small, but tight.

The trip would last 22 days, and would take them to every
continent except Australia and Antarctica.  From the time they
left until their return, Mary would be in some form of bondage or
another.  That idea alone was enough to have her on edge for the
whole fucking week before they left.  And, it was a fucking week,
indeed.

It was felt the elaborate brace outfit they bought two years
earlier would be impossible to explain in their luggage, and Mary
couldn't wear it for the full 22 days.  Well, she could, but they
planned on some energetic sight seeing and that wouldn't be
possible if she was carrying all that steel.

For the flight, she wore a heavily boned corset and a locking
chastity belt.  On her wrists, were heavy bracelets which looked
odd, but were discrete as there were electro magnets built in --
when the switch was on, the magnets held the bracelets together
firmly and she was cuffed as well as she would be in any of their
conventional cuffs.

Lacing the corset on her was always a thrill for both of them. 
She didn't corset every day, being torn by wanting the
compression of the corset and the desire to be essentially naked
under minimal clothing.  The chosen corset was a silk brocade
with metal stays every inch, very heavily boned indeed.  She
stepped into it, and, with Ike's help, pulled it up her body. 
Her titties rested in half hammocks, and it descended downward to
just above her shaven pussy.  In the back, her ass was mostly
bare as the corset came down to just below the start of the crack
of her ass.  She held it up as Ike began the first tightening of
the laces.  As he did so, she felt herself begin to fall into the
grip of the garment.

After he tied it off the first time, she did some stretching
exercises.  They had found this to be helpful so that the corset,
while still somewhat lose, might accommodate itself to her
figure; she also was able to release any skin folds.  Then she
grasped the post of their bed, and the serious lacing began.  Her
breath began to come in short, shallow gasps; sweat beads had
begun to pop out on Ike's forehead and his breathing had grown
more ragged.

When he tied it off the second time, Mary held on to the post for
a few seconds, and then turned to him with that sneaky smile on
her face.  For years, he had known that smile: she was turned on. 
It still baffled the two of them how getting laced into a corset
would turn her on, but it sure as hell did.

Because of her fairly rigid posture, positions were somewhat
limited; but, over the last few months, it had become their
chosen way to butt fuck when she was in her corset.  She bent
just a bit, reached behind her as best she could to grasp her ass
cheeks and pull them apart, and Ike just stepped up; and, holding
her shoulders, he pressed into her.

It never ceased to amaze her: before the corset, she really
hadn't looked forward to butt fucking.  Oh, the stuffing of her
ass was good, but....well, it just wasn't something she looked
forward to with a keen desire.  And then came the corset, and she
wanted him in her ass all the time.  Who the hell cared why, it
was just great.  Ike wondered why the hell he hadn't bought her
the corset years before!

Later, when he had withdrawn, and then had helped her to clean up
(with a wry, inward grin, she thought the corset did have it's
benefits), she again grasped the post, and Ike continued the
constriction.  As the corset closed in on her, relentlessly, she
began to sense the moment when she would swoon.  Geeze, the first
time she had swooned while Ike was tightening the laces, he had
been scarred out of his wits.  She had just dropped, like a
stone, without warning.  Momentarily witless, he took a scissors
and cut all the laces, and then was on the verge of calling the
rescue squad when she began to come to.  Her reaction utterly
startled him: she giggled.  From then on, when they wanted the
constriction to be maximum, she would be laced to swooning.  He
would ease her down to the bed, and then loosen the laces just a
tiny bit before tieing them off as he waited for her to come
around.  Mary had discussed this with her doctor, who was amused
but who assured them no serious harm would occur provided they
continued the habit of the slight loosening to ensure proper
blood supply to her head.

With the corset firmly in place, the chastity belt was fitted to
her.  She had two, one to be worn alone, and one for over the
corset.  Both were made the same way, one being slightly larger
to fit over the corset (even with the waist reduction, there was
a slight swelling to her hips; they had tried to fit the first
belt over the corset and, while it would work, they decided to
spend the money to make a proper fit).  There was a locking belt
with a front piece that descended downward between her legs which
ended in two chains going upwards over her ass cheeks to the belt
in back.  The front piece fit her pussy closely, with a thin slit
through which the outer lips of her pussy would protrude
slightly, but which prevented insertion of anything.  The
pressure on the lips kept her in a constant state of low arousal,
which was just fine, for the both of them.

The bracelets were then fixed in place.  They really were
massive, but most people who even looked at her when she had them
on simply considered them rather bold statements, but nothing
more.

The rest of her traveling costume was a very tight leather skirt,
stay high hose, knee length boots with a moderate 3 inch heel,
and a loose fitting suede blouse.  On her neck, was a gold collar
that locked on with a concealed lock.  Her coat was leather.

Getting through security at the airport was much simpler now. 
One of their very many new friends/contacts put them in contact
with the head of Security at JFK.  They frankly told him that
Mary wore corsets with metal stays.  The result was that when
they traveled, they would notify him in advance; then, when Mary
would pass through the metal detectors and blow all the alarms
and whistles, Ike would suggest the guard at the gate call the
head of Security.  Ike would identify himself, and they would be
passed through.

For Mary, the security gate was always an ordeal.  She just
couldn't not blush, and she always felt everyone was looking at
her.  In truth some would look, but mostly in sympathy for who
hadn't been stopped at least once.  But their permission to
proceed after a single phone call would result in curious stares
but never questions.

Of course, this time Mary's outfit also attracted attention.  The
narrow waist could not be missed [Ike had required that once in
the airport, she carry her coat over her arm], but even if one
could tear their glance away from the waist, there was the skirt
and the boots.  But Mary had learned to turn her embarrassment
over attracting attention to her advantage, and she proudly
sailed through the airport, knowing a growing confidence.

Once on the plane, seated in first class, with Mary by the
window, Ike activated the bracelets and she sat with her hands
demurely clasped in her lap.  Only the keenest observer would
notice that she rarely moved her hands.  And, when things had
settled after dinner and the lights went down, Ike produced the
ubiquitous nerf ball, which Mary gladly opened wide to receive.

The nerf ball came out a couple times to be wetted, but stayed in
until just as a sliver of dawn appeared.  Ike also released the
magnets so Mary could freshen up.  The beauty of wearing the
leather was that it didn't wrinkle and her clothes looked just as
fresh as they had when they boarded.

The limo met them and whisked them off to their hotel.  Once
there, they both stripped; well, that is Ike stripped and Mary
went down to her corset.  Ike activated the bracelets and tied a
rope between her cuffed wrists that he pulled over the top of a
door and secured it so that her arms were up over her head.  He
then secured her ankles with manacles and, after removing the
chastity belt, he began to loosen the corset.  Mary expressed her
usual relief to be freed of the constriction, and then they both
stepped into the Jacuzzi, where they relaxed for an hour or so. 
Bed, with sleep, followed with Mary still secured at wrists and
ankles.

Refreshed after a six hour sleep, Ike ordered room service.  The
nude, cuffed and shackled Mary stepped into the bathroom while
the meal was set-up.

There followed some "private" time.  Suffice to say showers were
essential afterward.  Also, Mary's ass tingled!

The day's entertainment wouldn't begin until very late, so they
decided to go for a walk.  Mary was locked into her chastity belt
and she wore the bondage bra too.  Her outer garments were more
prosaic than on the plane, and although in leather jacket,
sweater, jeans and boots, she attracted no more than the usual
attention a beautiful woman might.  In point of fact, it was
clear that Ike's very full beard was more of an attraction than
the woman who was with him.

After their walk, they had a light supper, and just hung out in
their suite.  Around 10, they began to dress for the evening. 
Mary would wear a full-length rubber suit.  The nude Mary was
heavily talcum powdered.  Her legs went in first and then,
holding her arms straight out in front, Ike pulled the upper part
to her, and then on to her body.  The suit was zipped up the
back.  Naturally, the fit was not loose!  A full hood went over
her head.  There were holes at eyes and mouth, but these, Mary
knew, would shortly be covered.  Her long red hair exited her
hood in back in a huge pony tail.  Next, Ike put a rubber
straight jacket on her.  Her arms were crossed in front of her
and then secured behind her back.  Rubber, high heeled boots were
laced on her by Ike, and then a shackle with a comfortable length
of connecting chain was attached to her ankles.

She sat while Ike dressed in soft leather slacks, knee boots and
a silk shirt.  His beard covered the fact the shirt was open.  On
his head, he wore a leather cap.  He wore a belt from which a
quirt and a paddle dangled.  Finally, he produced a rubber pump
gag, which Mary opened to receive.  Ike pumped it until she
nodded that it was enough, and he squeezed the bulb once more for
good measure.  She had known that he would do that so she had
nodded early, as he had known she would -- so they were even.  He
then produced wrap around sun glasses like she wore that first
time in the wheel chair.  She could see others, dimly.  And they
left.

Mary felt very brazen indeed, strolling through the hotel lobby,
dressed as she was.  Yet, the British reserve held, and no one
screamed, starred or in any way gave any indication of having
seen them.

The limo awaited them at the door.

After a short drive, they were at a private party at a large,
English mansion.  The host met them at the door, collar and leash
in place, and nothing else.  Mary noted that how different
reality was from fantasy.  While the host was definitely sub, 
and being humiliated, he was more the normal, middle aged male,
with pot belly and fleshy thighs.  He might not make a good
subject for a magazine cover, but it was reassuring to see
someone more like the average male in such a setting.

Half the guests were in some form of restraint and/or
embarrassing costume.  Mary and Ike moved easily through the
crowd, and both marveled at how they had changed from the days
when their bondage was very private, just between them, and now
when they regularly moved among others who lived the lifestyle
they did.

One female guest sub was in a spider web.  That is, she was tied
spread-eagled to a rope web.  On her head was a heavy leather,
feature-less hood that covered her down to the nape of her neck. 
Her eyes were covered with a shield.  The reason for such
protection was that she was the target for the darts game: other
guests used modified darts to aim at particular bulls-eyes
painted on her body: each nipple, the navel and the area of her
groin just above the pussy.  The darts were lighter, and the
needles shorter, but if the dart struck her correctly, it stayed
stuck into her.  That was why her face and neck were protected. 
A few darts stuck in her, but most missed.  It was considered
fair for her to be able to twist a bit, and that often deflected
the darts rather than permitting them to stick her.  Here and
there were spots of blood on her body, but she was not claiming
distress.

Subs who were able [those not encumbered] could throw an
unlimited number of darts at their hapless simpatico; doms had to
agree that if they were unable to stick her once in five times,
they had to offer up their sub for some sort of event.  Ike
tried: the first three were serious attempts to stick that sub,
but the last two were half-hearted.  The Mary, who had cheered
his first three efforts, loudly booed his two failures, knowing
something awaited her later in the evening.

To her surprise, Mary was immediately taken to work off Ike's
failed attempts at sticking the sub female target.  Mary was
confidant that nothing really serious would happen to her, and
she looked forward to being released from her straight jacket. .
.but it didn't happen.  She was led to a metal frame.  She was
assisted to step up onto pegs that were well within the range of
her shackles.  Her legs were then secured to the frame.  Then,
she was bent over a bar and secured that way.  She was in a
whipping frame.  Well, she'd done that before, many times in
fact, so she really didn't fear it.  But she had reckoned without
the experience of being in rubber, or the fibre glass wands that
would be used to beat her ass.

The first stroke she felt on her ass was a revelation.  Never had
she felt such fire in a first or a fiftieth stroke.  She wasn't
sure she'd be able to do this.  But then, what could she do: she
still had the gag, she was secure, and everyone calmly expected
her "to do her duty."

She did her duty.  She did her duty to the tune of 10 strokes,
each blood curdling, and each the equal of all the other strokes
added together she had ever endured.  [Later, when they were in
the limo, on the ride back to their hotel, with Mary sitting very
lightly on the edge of the seat, she informed Ike that if he was
going to continue to play darts, she was going to see that he
practiced when they returned home.  He inquired if he'd have a
similar target, and she retorted, that could be arranged for
whatever good it would do.]

Her ordeal over, Mary was released.  For the rest of the evening,
she avoided every opportunity to sit.  She even refused her turn
at sitting on a guy's face, the old smother game.  She marveled
at the guy who wore a saddle on his back, giving rides to all the
females present, dom and sub alike.

She came up on Ike visiting with some others, and he was
discussing their travel plans, and the fact that Mary would be
bound some way for the whole trip.  A female dom smiled at her
and announced that Mary was a very lucky woman to have such an
attentive dom.  Mary's response was that Ike wasn't always the
dom.  The female dom glanced from Mary to Ike in some confusion,
and then she laughed, figuring Mary had spoken out of turn.  But
it was Ike who agreed with Mary, stating what she said was true. 
The female dom stalked off.  One of the men with whom he had been
talking poked him in his ribs with his elbow and said the woman
who left was none too pleased.  Ike merely shrugged.

Ike took Mary's straight-jacketed arm and led her away.  He
related the conversation in which the one man had suggested a
side trip in Africa where some women and men did the most amazing
things with animals.  Excitement arose in Mary's eyes.

A couple they met was Fanny and Frank.  Fanny was a very imposing
figure in black leather: thigh high boots with very high heels, a
black leather corset-like outfit that did not so much draw her in
as to re-distribute what she had in an Amazonian fashion.  She
wore long leather gloves to her arm pits, with sharply-pointed
studded cuffs on each wrist.  Her hair hung loosely to her
shoulders and on her head she wore a broad-brimmed, low crown,
leather hat.  In one hand was a long, black cigarette holder in
which a long, white cigarette glowed.  In her other hand, she
held a leash that led to Frank's collar.  They knew Frank, not
because he said who he was, but because Fanny introduced the two
of them.  He had on a full leather hood, with eye holes and with
the mouth covered over with a strap that presumably had a large
leather bulb in his mouth.  He was wearing a French Maid's
outfit, with a very frilly skirt that stood out perpendicular to
his waist.  The bodice of the outfit was cut in such a way to
display his nipples, on which were comfortable clamps [it might
be debated if there were such things as "comfortable" clamps;
decidedly, there were clamps which were distinctly uncomfortable;
these were suitable for long-term wear].  While his male
equipment could not be seen, several weights could be seen
dangling between his legs, so presumably he was supporting some
strain.  On his feet were thigh high boots, similar to Fanny's
except the heels of his boots were higher, and shackles with a
moderate length chain.  His arms were behind, enclosed in a
single glove.  Even though built like a male, because of
repetitious training by Fanny, his elbows were only a few inches
apart [they had been together at various times, but it was felt
better to not go the max since he'd be in the glove for a long
time that nite].

Fanny explained that she had learned Frank liked to be bound,
that she had studied the whole scene, on her own, unbeknowningst
to Frank, and then became the dom to his fem/sub side.  It was a
funny thing, she said, drawing on her cigarette, that there had
been times when she knew Frank wanted something but since he
never told her, she was puzzled and even hurt.  She knew he liked
bondage, and she initiated bondage related love-making on
occasion, but while he responded, and seemed to enjoy, she knew
she hadn't found the right combination.  Then there was a time
she found some of his collection of erotica, and hoped that would
unlock his secret.  She learned then that he wanted to be the one
tied, but his fem side she didn't learn about until she
discovered a file on their computer about a "Terri."  She read
it, and was fascinated by her husband's skill at writing erotica,
and it was then she finally puzzled out the last piece: Frank was
Terri, and she, Fanny, his wife, was Jennifer!

While Ike paid close attention, and observed the mute and bound
Frank closely, Mary paid especially close attention.  This
situation, including the names of Terri and Jennifer, was very
much like something she had read long ago on a bbs.  The author
then had been named Frank.  They had been very close, and had
exchanged some very hot chat; but then they sort of drifted
apart.  Finally, Mary asked Fanny if they lived in a certain
city, and Fanny first blinked, and then said yes; adding was she 
the Mary of the huge gags?

For about an hour, the three of them visited, while Frank
continued to stand, mutely, in his high heels and single glove. 
Finally, it was agreed they would meet in some months in the USA.

Later that nite, back in their hotel room, Mary laid on her
tummy, bound at wrists and ankles to the four corners of the bed. 
Her bonds didn't stretch her, but she was secure enough so that
she couldn't use her mouth or either hand to free herself.

The next day, in corset and chastity belt, but with leather jeans
and jacket, and walking boots, Mary went with Ike to Madame
Troussard's.  They had missed the famous wax museum on their
previous trips, and this time they had set aside a particular
time.  They made quick work of the main exhibits, but both
marveled at the artistry.

Their main interest, however, was the torture chamber exhibit. 
As soon as they rounded the last corner in the corridor, Mary
felt her inner lips, contained within the chastity belt, moisten. 
Ike too was looking "forward".

The first exhibit was a depiction of Joan of Arc, burning at the
stake.  For a moment, there was confusion in their minds: the wax
figure was nude, but a reading of the card explained it.  It was
normal that one to be burned alive would be naked so that those
watching could watch the skin bubble and there would be less fuel
to cause smoke that would obscure the vision.  The addition of
clothes in depictions of burning was done only in the 19th
century when it wasn't considered tasteful to depict a naked
Saint being burned alive.  Using the latest in computer virtual
reality, it actually seemed as if Joan's body was being licked by
flames and that her skin was bubbling.  The figure was secured to
an upright post with chains criss-crossing her upper body, a
chain around her neck and her hands were chained behind her. 
Faggots were piled up to her knees, and the flames leaped up from
these.  Mary stood there, transfixed.  It was so incredibly real!

Finally, she managed to tear herself away, and moved to catch up
with Ike.  He was observing a man, whose feet were locked in
stocks and his hands bound to a pole behind him, having his feet
bastinadoed.  The torturer was swinging a metal rod, and the
figure's feet were already dripping blood, with the flesh cut to
the bone in some places.  The card for this explained that a
person who underwent a serious bastinado rarely walked again; a
less serious treatment resulted in crippling or at least
incapitation for several weeks.

In another scene, a woman was having one of her tits cut off; the
other, already cut off, lay on the floor.  Ike observed that this
would have been a real waste.  Mary giggled.

The next scene was more elaborate.  A woman was on a rack.  She
was naked.  Her feet were tied by ropes to a drum at one end of
the table;  her wrists to a similar drum at the other end.  The
rack was far less massive than what they had at home in their own
dungeon.  The explanatory card described the rack, and the effect
it had, pointing out dislocation of one or more limbs was likely. 
It then urged pushing a small button for a demonstration.  Mary
pushed the button, and a narration began, overtalking the moaning
of a woman, presumably the patient.  The drums were set in
motion, and the woman model's body was seen to rise slightly, and
stretch; and then the ladder under her dropped away, suspending
the body in space between the two drums.  Mary turned to Ike and
said that they had to try that.  Ike queried her about the
possibility of a dislocated shoulder or hip, and she said they
could be careful.  He shook his head, but it was clear he was
intrigued.  When the narration stopped, the lights in the exhibit
went out; and when they came up again, the ladder was back in
place.

The next thing they saw was a man seated on a bench, with one leg
in an iron boot.  A torturer was setting a wedge between the leg
and the inside of the boot.  Two other wedges were already in
place, and blood could be seen oozing from the leg.  The
explanation card stated this was the Iron Boot, designed for the
simple purpose of crippling a person.

In the next scene, a man was undergoing a penal whipping.  He was
secured to a pillar, back outward.  His back was a mess of open
wounds, some of which dripped blood.  The model swinging the whip
actually did so, and the single strand bull whip, about 12 feet
long, continually snapped in the air. 

A small scene had a man sitting in an iron chair that had a fire
under it.  The seat of the chair acted like a skillet and his ass
was literally frying.

In another scene, a woman was being pushed into an Iron Maiden. 
When the doors would be closed, many spikes would penetrate her
body, none of which would kill but all would injure.  She would
be left to bleed to death.

Two methods of hanging were side by side.  The one was a gallows,
where a man stood on a trap door, and then the trap was sprung,
the model fell a few feet to be jerked up.  The other had a man
standing on the floor with a rope around his neck.  Two torturers
hauled on a rope, hoisting the man off the ground by his neck and
he was left to twist and kick until he strangled.  Ike studied
this one very closely, telling Mary as they stood there, that it
was possible to hoist someone by their neck to induce
asphyxiation, but to lower them before any damage was done.  So
she studied it more closely, and as she was wondering how that
might feel, Ike said with pulleys she should be able to hoist
him.  She glanced at him curiously, but said nothing.

There were other smaller exhibits depicting the beheading of
Charles I and Ann Boylin.  There was another showing the drawing
and quartering of a nobleman.

Finally, there were three scenes showing more modern methods of
execution.  One was the Russian method of a man tied to a chair,
being shot behind the ear.  Another was a scene depicting Barbara
Grahm being executed in the California Gas Chamber.  The final
scene was man being electrocuted, his body surging against the
heavy leather straps binding him to the chair, with a little bit
of smoke coming out from under the leather mask over his face.

When they made their way outside, both were quite subdued.  The
realism of the wax dummies and the apparatus made it all seem so
real.  They thought they had seen several people die that
afternoon, to say nothing of the bodies that had been broken.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





