BDSM Library - The Prisoner




The Prisoner
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A businessman is found guilty under a new law of harassing his female emplyees. As an experiment he is sentenced to a period in a Female Correctional facility. The staff are uniformed females of various ranks. The aim is to teach the inmates total obedience to females in authority. The methods by the staff include parades, rigorous inspections, corporal punishment and humiliating training.
The Prisoner
by Will Cane

Copyright (C) 1999 by Will Cane.   All Rights Reserved

This is pure fantasy and the author does not suggest trying this at home!

The author would much appreciate any comments or suggestions, particularly from
a female viewpoint.




FEMALE CORRECTIONAL CENTRE.
Chapter 1.

Stewart had always been a successful manager of the firm at which he worked.
Unfortunately his manner of dealing with the female staff left, in their
opinion, much to be desired. His attitude led to his downfall when new laws were
introduced against sexual harassment. Female sexual harassment that is. Within
days of the new law being on the books the 38-year-old Stewart was brought
before the magistrates on a charge concocted by a group of females who worked
for him. All the evidence was there of "inappropriate touching", "lewd comments"
and "suggestive behaviour". The Lady Magistrate took only minutes to find him
guilty and sentence him to six months correctional training. Interestingly, the
new laws permitted sentencing him to serve the time in a women's jail where it
was felt that he would be under the closest supervision of the sex that he had
offended against.

He was transferred the Female Correctional Facility under the escort of two
young uniformed policewomen. The driver, the elder of the two, was around 24
tall and slim with her dark hair in a severe bun. The other was a bubbly
fair-haired girl of around 20 with a full figure. She sat in the back next to
Stewart who had his hands uncomfortably handcuffed behind him.

30 minutes into the drive he complained that his restraints were uncomfortable.
He was told to lean forward against the safety belt, the escort next to him
reached behind his back, and hit down on the ratchet of the 'cuffs with her hand
so that they tightened appreciably.

"When we require any comment by you...we will let you know. In the meantime
shut-up" she snapped and pushed Stewart back against the seat.

During the drive he learned much of the methods in use at the facility, from the
conversation between the two guards. He had of course read in the papers and
seen on the TV news about the newly established female correctional centres with
the rigorous regimes. Somehow, the fact that spartan conditions, rigorous
military style discipline and corporal punishment were the techniques employed
in the new jails had hardly interested him, but now, to his horror, he was about
to experience the new system himself.

The two policewomen discussed how the initial recruitment of the wardresses had
been from the military correctional facilities. Females up to the age of forty
years with experience of inflicting harsh discipline, marching drill, forced PT,
clothing inspections, room inspections and body searches were selected and given
further training in all aspects corporal punishment. They then recruited younger
staff from the age of 18 years and trained them in the skills they would need.
All were given ranks, from Junior Wardress and Senior Wardress to that of Chief
Wardress and the top rank of Governor. The Governor did not wear the dark grey
uniform of hat, jacket with rank bars, short pleated skirt and knee boots.
Instead she preferred a business suit. It seemed that the object of the centre
was to teach total obedience to authority and the inmates were specially
selected from those females aged between 19 and 45 who were sentenced to jail
terms for offences that involved any lack of respect to the authorities.

Stewart heard how the rules that were laid down were deliberately numerous and
detailed to provide a challenge to the inmates and ample scope to the staff to
find fault. Dress regulations alone took up two pages of small print. For every
subject on the training syllabus and every event in the day at the centre the
prisoners clothing was stipulated down to the smallest detail. The type and
colour of the girl's bra and panties, which skirt, type of blouse, bare legs or
stockings, footwear, cleanliness and condition of clothing and so on. The
policewoman who was driving said how on her last visit she had witnessed 20
female prisoners undergoing physical training. They were all wearing just a
simple white vest, short white skirt with small white bikini panties underneath
and trainers. One of the junior wardresses was in charge giving the orders.
After only ten minutes most of the inmates were gasping and sweating heavily.
She even began to feel sorry for the girls particularly those with the larger
breasts, as when exercises were performed such as star jumps, it was obvious
that brassieres were not the required dress for this lesson!

"And, after 40 minutes of that, just imagine the average female trying to pass a
cleanliness check on the panties" she concluded. 

The other policewoman, a large breasted female herself, shuddered at the news,
then, more to comfort herself said that they only had themselves to blame and no
one expected it to be a holiday camp. The other guard agreed and said that the
last rule listed under "Dress Regulations" stated quite clearly that any
wardress could at any time carry out a spot check of a prisoner for both
correctness of dress and cleanliness of underwear.... and was only to be
expected at a military style facility. If the prisoner couldn't follow those
instructions what could they follow? Then added with a giggle that on a hot day
like this sitting for hours on a leather car seat, she might herself have a
problem passing a panty inspection even without 40 minutes punishment PT under
some bossy eighteen year old bitch!

"What happens when one of the prisoners fails a panty inspection?" the younger
girl asked, "I suppose they get extra work or something?"

"You must be joking " replied the other policewoman " They are charged with the
offence, brought before a disciplinary committee and sentenced to a
thrashing...usually with a strap across their naked buttocks".

"Good grief" she retorted with a gasp "What happens if they commit a serious
offence against the rules?"

"What do you mean by serious?" asked the driver "In having dirty underwear they
have already disobeyed one order. From what she had been told they have an
ascending scale of punishments that include formal thrashings with the cane so I
suppose a dose of the strap is regarded there as pretty minor ".

 About two hours from starting out they pulled into on the large motorway
service areas for a toilet break. The policewoman driving had mentioned her fear
of having a prisoner escape custody and the repercussions that would follow.
Both had decided not to let "This bastard" out of their sight. The policewomen
slipped their batons back in to their belt loops, placed their uniform hats on
their heads and led the handcuffed male passed the restaurant area and a 'bus
load of jeering school girls and into an empty disabled toilet that could easily
accommodate the three of them.

"You go first", said the younger of the two guards. She then roughly turned
Stewart to face the door, drew her baton out of the loop on her belt and pressed
it across the back of his neck forcing his face against the white wall tiles. He
heard the sounds of a skirt being raised and then of panties being lowered
followed by the quiet hiss of a bladder being relieved. Following the sound of
the toilet paper dispenser being pulled, the sounds then reversed themselves.

He had no idea of how much longer the drive would take and the sounds of running
water made his own bladder feel even fuller.

"Ppplease Miss" he stuttered. "May I be allowed to relieve myself".

"For heavens sake man can't you hold on for another two hours?" said the driver
poking him in the back with the end of her baton.

"Better not risk it" commented the other guard. "We certainly don't want him
pissing himself.... have you got the gloves ?" The driver searched in her
handbag and handed over a pair of latex surgical gloves to her companion.

"Stand still, and don't you dare move" she said. With one guard holding his
handcuffed arms the other unzipped his flies undid his belt and pushed his
trousers down to his knees. She then snatched his pants down and casually caught
hold of his penis using it to pull him over to the pan. She used both hands, one
holding his foreskin, the other round his testicles. Savagely she shoved his
foreskin fully back and pointed the tip towards the target. "Get on with it
then" she said. Blushing scarlet, Stewart relaxed and the urine flowed. When he
had finished the pants were pulled up and then his trousers. When the belt and
flies had been fastened the guard removed her gloves and threw them in the bin.

The driver, having relieved herself first offered to collect sandwiches for the
rest of the journey. The younger guard unlocked Stewart's handcuffs, pulled him
over to the disabled rails around the toilet then handcuffed him to the lower
rail with his back to the pan, with him half squatting to take the strain off
his sore wrists. She locked the door behind her departing colleague and calmly
proceeded to use the toilet for all the world as if Stewart was merely a dog
chained to the rail. The sounds indicated to Stewart that it was more than the
girl's bladder that was needing relief. In his cramped and low position it was
only seconds before his nostrils confirmed what his ears had told him. The
toilet paper dispenser finally stopped rattling and the girl stood up, arranging
her clothes. As soon as she had washed her hands she disconnected Stewart form
the rails, quickly refastening the handcuffs and led him outside where the other
girl was waiting.

"Sorry I took so long in there " she laughed "That curry I had last night
finally caught up with me, you were lucky to be out of the toilet doing the
shopping!". Batons swinging and metallic equipment rattling on their belts they
led Stewart back to the car, each holding one arm up just below the elbow in a
fierce uncomfortable grip. As they settled in the car Stewart failed to move
fully to his side of the rear seat. The young girl calmly drew her baton and
rapped him hard across the knee with the words "Move it, its bad enough having
to sit next to scum like you without having your knee touch mine!". Knee and
wrists throbbing, the journey continued.

......to be continued




Chapter 2.

Some time later the car swung into the driveway of an isolated country house.

They passed through huge security doors in the tall surrounding walls and pulled
up outside a building with a large notice that informed them that they were at
the guardroom. They pushed and frog marched their stiff and reluctant prisoner
in through the doors and stood, saluting smartly in front of a woman police
sergeant. "Prisoner under sentence Ma'am" said the senior guard.

"So this is the ignorant slob " replied the Sargent. "Did he give you any
problems? "None that we couldn't handle thanks...mind you, I think you will have
an uphill job to instil any respect into this lout Ma'am ".

The Sergeant, a tall slim woman came slowly round the desk and stood in front of
Stewart. "We don't get many males sent here and right now you are the only one
amongst 250 female prisoners and 40 staff so you will have our undivided
attention. When you leave here, believe me, you will have learnt some manners".

"So you didn't have to repeat any order or correct him at all during the drive?"
asked the Sergeant. "Well I did have to lay my baton across his left knee when
he was slow getting into the car" said the junior guard. The sergeant
policewoman smiled "What a pity that I can't lay hands on the bastard until
tomorrow after he has had his medical check, otherwise I would lend you one of
the guardroom straps so that you could lay it across his thighs right now. The
punishment is always much more effective when the lady that has been offended
inflicts it...still...I will put one on his account as it were and let him have
it at a later date on your behalf!"

Stewart was uncuffed and pushed into one of the cells where he was to spend his
first night awaiting processing by the day staff. His cell was three sided with
the wall to the guardroom office closed off with sliding bars from floor to
ceiling. This enabled the desk sergeant to keep any occupants under observation.
The two escorting policewomen had remained chatting to the Sergeant over mugs of
coffee. One of the female prisoners entered the building and marched up to the
desk. "Prisoner 654 reporting for guardroom punishment Ma'am " she said. She was
aged around 30 years, tall slim with long dark hair. She was dressed in an
almost schoolgirl style with a white blouse, short dark blue skirt and plain
black shoes with low heels.

"Of course girl, you had completely slipped my mind," said the sergeant, and,
turning to her visitors " How fortunate you are still here. As Stewart is out of
reach until the morning, why don't you work off some of your frustrations on
this prisoner?". 

At this news the two policewomen almost clapped their hands in excitement and
eagerly examined the heavy leather straps that they were handed. "Nothing too
severe I'm afraid, at least not by our standards, but she is down for twelve
strokes of that across her buttocks and thighs so you can lay on six each".

The victim was taken over to a vaulting type horse. She was told to remove her
stockings, then her skirt, her suspender belt and finally her regulation white
panties. She was pulled over the horse facing away from Stewart and secured with
straps around her wrists and ankles. Stewart could not believe his eyes, he was
being totally ignored and twenty feet away this poor girl was displayed with her
bare buttocks and thighs.

The policewomen were shown how to hold the strap and how to stand either side so
that their swing would be effective. "Backside or thighs...its up to you" said
the Sergeant "With the thighs splayed, make sure the strap wraps round the leg
for maximum effect. It's most fortunate that one of you is left handed, that
should ensure an adequate spread".
 
 

"Why is she being punished?" asked the younger policewoman. "She was supposed to
clean the apartment of one of our junior wardresses but did such an appalling
job of it that she was offered the choice of either being put on a formal charge
or of taking an "unofficial" in here. This way nothing gets recorded. Who's
first?"

The policewomen decided that they would alternate strokes and that the older one
would strike first. She slowly lifted her left hand with the strap back and high
and....WHAP!..brought it down hard across the prisoner's slim buttocks. The girl
hardly moved against her restraints and with some horror Stewart realised that
she was well used to such pain. The other policewoman waited for the nod from
the sergeant which came after about thirty seconds and then

WHAP! almost across the same spot. 

"Sorry girls." said the Sergeant " but you will have to put a lot more beef into
the strokes if you want to impress this bitch. Just remember that she is in her
sixth month here, so this is a fairly light ordeal for her."

With renewed vigour the next stroke from the left was brought down fast and hard
across the top of her left leg. The split tips wrapping themselves round the
soft tender inner thigh. The girl yelped and flexed against the straps trying to
lift her leg. Stewart glimpsed her thick black pubic hair for a brief second. 
 
 

"Better, much better. " smiled their coach "She actually felt that one."

Not to be outdone, the young, left handed policewoman planted her feet wide
apart, raised her strap and whacked it across the right thigh with the tip again
cruelly visiting the soft private area. This evoked a scream and more threshing
from the victim. The straps then fell, left right left at 20-second intervals.
The victim was now gasping or crying out as each strap landed on a previous welt
on the buttocks or thighs. Her secured ankles were unable to stop her frantic
struggles with her knees flying apart when a stroke landed on her buttocks and
trying to close protectively when one landed on her soft slim thighs. Normally,
the glimpses of vulva and pubic hair would have excited Stewart but he was so
shaken by the brutal and vicious beating that, for once, sex was far from his
mind.

Of the twelve strokes, eight were across the buttocks and two more welts were
across each thigh. All three women carefully examined the results of their first
effort. Each throbbing welt was felt and scratched with long fingernails. The
weals that reached inside the thighs seemed to be the most sensitive and caused
the most reaction when touched. The girl was then unstrapped and helped to her
feet. She was ordered to dress. Stewart saw for the first time how slim she was
as she stood facing his cell, trembling and sobbing softly. She was ordered to
dress: First she retrieved her skirt and underwear from the floor, the suspender
belt was wrapped round her hips, panties were pulled carefully, with a gasp,
over her beaten legs. Stockings were pulled over her wealed thighs and fastened
to the dangling clips on the belt and with her skirt on, was soon dismissed
limping from the guardroom. As she passed Stewart's cell she gave him a shrug of
total despair.

............to be continued




Chapter 3.

Stewart spent a restless night in the cell, but other than being given a plate
of food and mug of water he was left much to himself by the various policewomen
as they changed shifts. At nine o'clock in the morning, his ordeal commenced.

One of the day shift policewomen unlocked his cell door and called him out. He
was told to follow her "And march smartly boy!" As he marched three feet behind
her he saw the whole layout of the correctional centre for the first time. They
marched briskly past signs that pointed to "Prisoners Dormitories", "Parade
Ground" and "Running Track". As they passed the swimming pool he could see a
group of female prisoners swimming enthusiastically up and down the pool. They
seemed, from a distance, to be enjoying themselves. Stewart was unable to see
the thin semi-transparent one-piece swimming costumes and the straps carried by
one of the guards to ensure that "enthusiasm" was maintained and slacking
rewarded. Had he been closer he would have seen the white taught flesh of the
females bodies and heard the chattering teeth caused by the specially chilled
water that was scarcely above freezing.

As the march continued he took stock of his escort. She was of average height
and build with fair hair at shoulder level. She was dressed in the Wardress
uniform of grey jacket and skirt with white shirt and black tie. A grey bowler
type hat with a dipped brim at the front and with a large gold badge on the
front sat on her head. On the shoulders of the jacket were two small gold stars.
Her black knee boots completed the uniform and the metal studs in the boots
clipped along the pathways adding to the impression of total authority.

Unlike the policewomen that he had met there was no heavy equipment belt
carrying handcuffs and a baton visible. Instead, the end of a leather strap and
a thin black rod with silver rings around the tip hung down below her lower
jacket edge. As they passed another wardess and the two exchanged greetings,
Stewart was even more puzzled about this piece of equipment. On the other
wardress, who was not wearing a jacket, he could see that it hooked to her belt
and was connected to a small square pouch by what looked like a coiled telephone
cord.

Following a sign to "Medical Examination and Treatment Centre" they walked into
what looked and smelt like any other medical facility. But no other hospital
that Stewart had visited had ever had all the people in the waiting room dressed
in identical uniforms. He was told to take a seat amongst the females and await
a call. 

There were eight females waiting. Their uniforms were similar to the one the
girl had worn last night prior to her beating. All sat nervously playing with
their hands awaiting the call. The lady opposite Stewart must have been around
forty. Slightly plump, she looked totally out of place in the schoolgirl blouse
and skirt. Next to her sat an exceedingly attractive blonde of around 24 years
of age. She was tall with a full figure thrusting out of the blouse.

The ceiling speaker clicked on "532 stand up". The plump older woman sprang to
her feet. "Weekly weight check for overweight prisoners. Room 8" the woman
marched out of the waiting area and could be heard knocking on a door and
entering a room. 

"378 stand up". The gorgeous longhaired blonde sprang to her feet.
"Pre-punishment medical examination. Room 4". With a look of total terror she
marched away.

Then suddenly a muffled "no number yet.... Stewart stand up. Admission medical
examination Room 3". Thankful that he would be experiencing some privacy,
Stewart marched to the door marked 3. He knocked. The door was opened by a young
nurse scarcely older than a schoolgirl. Her young innocent face wore little make
up and her long dark hair hung down to her shoulders. She was slim with small
breasts and wore a light blue uniform indicating that she was a student nurse.
Young as she was however, she still carried the obvious authority that her
position in the Centre accorded her.

"Damn it...we have drawn the short straw. We have to give one of the males his
examination," She said over her shoulder. Another older nurse joined her in the
doorway in her late twenties dressed in the dark blue uniform of a fully
qualified nurse. She was around 5'10 tall with fair hair tied in a severe bun at
the back of her head. Attractive, but cold and unsmiling, she was a little
overweight with her noticeably large breasts thrusting at the front of the
uniform dress held tight at the waist by a broad black cotton belt.

"I see what you mean, I hate examining these pervs with their filthy
bodies...still someone has to do it I suppose...get in here boy".

Stewart entered what seemed to be a large cubicle with curtains making the far
wall. The main feature was the gynaecological bench with stirrups but he also
took in the bright lights, the trays of steel instruments and the stainless
steel bucket on the floor. 

"Strip completely and put your clothes in the plastic bag" ordered the senior
nurse. Reluctantly Stewart removed the clothes he had travelled and slept in and
put them in the open bag. He thought hard about trying to keep his pants on but
the look on the nurse's face caused an immediate change of mind.

He stood apprehensively in front of the two females who were eyeing him casually
up and down. "Hands at you side " snapped the junior nurse as he tried to cover
his crotch from their gaze.

"You'd better take him for a shower, I can smell him from here" said the older
nurse. With that, Stewart was grasped by the upper arm and led through the
curtains into the corridor that joined all the curtained cubicles together. So
much for his hopes of privacy, most of the curtains were drawn back and the
various prisoners undergoing examination were all too visible.

The overweight 40-year-old he had seen in the waiting room had been stripped
naked and was standing wobbling on a set of scales. An obviously displeased
nurse was measuring her huge pendulous breasts and then her plump thighs with a
large pair of plastic callipers. Stewart just heard the nurse say that the woman
was three pounds heavier than last week instead of achieving a 3-pound weight
loss and that the nurse was putting her on report for lack of effort. She added
that perhaps a daily thrashing might give her more incentive.

The superb blonde was in her cubicle or so thought Stewart. As she was naked but
bent over clasping her widely spread ankles it was difficult to be sure. Her
taught buttocks were covered in bruises from a recent punishment and the nurse
was remarking that of course, having the cane again so soon after her previous
flogging would be even worse, but that is what the girl was there to learn. 

They continued past stairs leading down to a basement area that was signed
"Punishment Rooms", towards a toilet block. Inside it was covered from floor to
ceiling in white tiles. The Asian type floor toilets were in a row about three
feet apart but with no walls and no privacy. The showers were opposite. Stewart
was told to stand under one and handed a bar of harsh soap. The nurse then
opened a valve and he was drenched with heavy jets of warm water from all
directions.

This stopped and he heard the command "Soap yourself".

As he was doing just that he noticed, out of the corner of his eye, that the
tall blonde had been brought in and directed to a toilet. She saw Stewart naked,
soaping his crotch and froze, refusing to move. She was told to use the toilet
by one of the nurses and still refused to move. As if from nowhere one of the
wardesses appeared and, after a brief conversation with the nurse, stood in
front of the cringing female.

"On the toilet�� NOW GIRL!" she shouted. The only response was more cringing,
looking in Stewart's direction and muttering an almost inaudible
"No...please...I can't Miss". The wardress walked casually behind the girl,
withdrew the rod like device that had perplexed Stewart and suddenly, pushed the
tip between the clenched thigh tops pressing a sort of button on the handle.
Even before the girl had jumped with a scream into the air, Stewart realised
that the pack on the wardresses belt was a battery, the flexible cord was
electric cable and that the long thin flexible rod was a cruel form of cattle
prod.

With utter resignation the statuesque blonde walked slowly to the toilet, placed
her bare feet on the footsteps and sat on her heels. The wardress prodded her
knee without pressing the feared button but even so, the girl's legs flew apart
into the full squat position. The shower had been turned off and Stewart had
been told to face the scene thus witnessing the girl's humiliation as she
relieved herself in front of him.

"What shall we call that little display of disobedience?" asked the policewoman
as she took out her small black pocket book. "How about...Repeated failure to
obey the order of a member of the nursing staff. That should enable the
disciplinary committee to adequately deal with her. I will arrange for her to
appear before them immediately after she receives her punishment for the
original offence.

The wretched girl stood up, shaking with fear. She had only been caned three
days ago, now she had to take at least twelve strokes and then whatever was
decided for this offence. As she was led away her firm bruised buttocks were
only too visible to Stewart. 

To be continued.




Chapter 4.

Stewart was escorted back to the examination cubicles. He passed the one
containing the naked overweight forty-year-old. She was now on all fours on the
examination table with her huge breasts hanging down with her nipples grazing
the table. A nurse leant over the woman��s back holding the cheeks of her large
bottom apart whilst the other nurse was inserting a tube with a large nozzle
into the woman��s anus.

In the next cubicle the tall blonde was standing facing the opening, hands
clasped behind her neck, legs wide and elbows back as a nurse was listening to
her chest with a stethoscope and heaving one of her large breasts roughly out of
the way as she did so.

On reaching the cubicle designated for Stewart��s "Entrance Medical" he was told
to lay face up on the table. Bright lights hung overhead illuminating him in a
strong white light.

The elder of the nurses immediately took charge telling him that he would be
seen by a variety of nurses who would each examine their area of speciality and
complete a written report. At the end of all the procedures he would be sent to
the Doctor in charge who would review the findings and double check any areas
she thought necessary. As the nurses were only qualified in female examinations
he could expect this whole event to take some time as they proceeded slowly with
an unfamiliar male body.

"One final warning" the senior nurse added " This is not a visit to your
friendly family doctor, this is a rigorous prison medical examination. Please
don��t expect it to be anything other than downright painful at times. We will
start at the head with your nasal and ear passages ".

With that, a slim dark haired nurse of about 25 entered the cubicle and moving
to the head of the table, grasped his scalp and twisted his head to the side. In
her other hand was a device for looking into ears. She pushed it firmly into his
right ear and manoeuvred it around as she looked through the eyepiece. She then
repeated the examination of his other ear. Handing the device to the student
nurse she carefully put on a pair of surgical gloves and then took a small
stainless steel tray that was handed to her. Stewart was unable to see what she
took from the tray but suddenly found that she had introduced a device high into
his left nostril and then the other side high into the right nostril. Both of
his sensitive canals were held wide open by the spring-loaded clips that seemed
to have small sharp spikes on the end to hold their position.

"Open your mouth wide" she snapped. A steel clamp device was firmly placed in
his mouth and then a crank was turned so that it gripped the teeth and forced
them wide apart. The taste of disinfectant and the force of the opening made
Stewart gag and move his head. In no time the senior nurse moved to the head of
the table and put her hands either side of his head to hold it in a firm grip.

A dental probe was selected from the tray and the nurse worked round Stewart��s
mouth probing and scraping with the point as each tooth and surrounding gum was
prodded painfully.

The examining nurse then produced a small bright flashlight and pair of long
nosed forceps that gripped a small cotton wool swab. The swab was forced up each
nostril and twisted uncomfortably around then dropped into a specimen jar.
Another swab was clamped in the forceps, a steel tongue depressor forced his
tongue down into his lower jaw and then the swab was wiped and scraped around
Stewart��s throat causing him to cough and gag. Having deposited that swab in a
jar the clamp the nurse departed to write up her notes leaving the other nurses
to remove the gag and nasal probes.

The nurse who took the blood pressure readings and an ECG seemed, by comparison,
a most gentle girl. The next nurse took several vials of blood for analysis and,
though the procedure was unpleasant, at least she treated Stewart as a human
being. Unfortunately, after she completed her work she was replaced by an older,
heavily built female with short blonde hair.

Stewart��s legs were grasped and his feet secured by straps in the examination
stirrups that raised his knees and forced them back towards his chest exposing
his genitals and crotch to the harsh white light. 

"This is disgusting enough examining female patients" snapped the new nurse
"without having to look at a male anus". Stewart saw her slip on her latex
gloves as she moved to the foot of the table between his splayed legs. 

"Too much anal hair here". She exclaimed. "Please pass me the large tweezers".
Swiftly she clamped a bunch of the hairs around his anus and slowly pulled until
they were pulled out of their follicles. Stewart gasped with the sudden pain but
immediately, more were gripped and jerked out.

"This is so much quicker and less messy than shaving prisoners in this area" the
nurse informed her colleagues " gripping and pulling as she spoke. " It
wouldn��t be an... appropriate procedure in normal... medical practice..." she
grunted having taken an overlarge bunch of hairs in her tweezers grip and
pulling hard to remove them " But with these prisoners... who cares?".

Who indeed cares thought Stewart as he writhed in pain against the grip of the
other two nurses who were now holding him down. The student stood with her hands
on his shoulders and the other nurse lay sideways across his stomach with her
hands under his thighs forcing them even further apart.

Suddenly the sharp painful tugging stopped as the nurse was satisfied with the
area and the other nurses released their grip. She casually greased the gloved
fingers of her right hand and slowly, watching his face for a reaction, inserted
her finger into his tight anus. The finger was moved slowly in circles to
lubricate the opening and then removed. She was handed a chrome plated piece of
equipment which Stewart recognised as a speculum. With little finesse the Nurse
brutally inserted it into the tight anus and immediately ratcheted open to the
maximum causing Stewart to gasp with both the indignity and the pain.

" Firstly, with males, we check their prostate gland," said the Nurse, "As you
are only used to carrying out female rectal examinations and searches I suggest
that you both glove up and examinine him for yourselves". The other two females
did as they were told and the student nurse gently inserted her finger into the
wide open anus. It took her a few seconds and several words of advice from her
senior before she could locate the gland but having found it, proceeded to
gently examine its shape and size. To Stewart��s embarrassment the strong
sensations started to have an effect. His flaccid penis started to swell and
grow and by the time the first nurse had removed her gentle fingertip from his
gland, it was fully erect.

"Simply no control over himself at all" snapped the blonde nurse. "Don��t let
this display of animal behaviour distract you ladies, just continue with your
digital examination and I will deal with this erection in my own way".

The second nurse inserted her finger, located the prostate and rubbed it hard
and uncomfortably with her gloved fingertip making Stewart flinch with the
discomfort. As she removed her finger the specialist nurse replaced her at the
foot of the table. She held a long shiny steel probe in her hand which she
slowly inserted into the opened anus.

"With female or male prisoners I always prefer this method for collected a
sample of faeces, it saves all the hassle of enema administration". Stewart felt
some sort of scoop on the end of the probe scrape away and then as it was
removed saw that it was a small wooden spatula that was dropped into another
specimen jar.

"Gloves off ladies" snapped the nurse to Stewart��s relief. He was just relaxing
that the genital examination was over when three pairs of a different type of
surgical gloves were produced from a container. " The latex gloves are fine for
female genital examinations but, take it from me, we will need gloves that
enable us to grip when we have a male prisoner to check".

To Stewart��s horror the three nurses slipped on the new gloves with the
roughened areas on the fingers and thumbs and then the genital nurse stood,
leaning over him. 

"Now we start with the serious and shall we say, uncomfortable, part of your
examination and sample collection boy". A steel dish with implements was placed
on the table between his feet and she picked up the first piece of equipment,a
pair of small forceps. These were used to tightly grip a pinch of loose flesh
around his foreskin and then, with a sharp movement towards his crotch, the
foreskin was pulled back exposing the head of his swollen penis. A metal scraper
device was then placed in the nurse��s hand. Holding the penis in place with the
forceps that were gripping his foreskin, the scraper was dragged around the soft
inner surfaces under the glans.

How much scraping was really required was anyone��s guess, but it soon became
painfully apparent to Stewart that this was being used more as a device to
inflict pain. The nurse scraped it around the hard glans several times, across
the top so that it dug into the opening tip of the urethra and then round the
sore stinging flesh under the glans. The nurse paid particular and lingering
attention to the underside of the glans digging the probe up underneath the
unbelievably sensitive mushroom. Every few seconds she stopped to wipe the
scraper on a cotton swab then resumed her work.

Stewart was unable to move his legs but despite all his efforts to control
himself, tried to sit up and reach for the Nurses hand. Before he moved more
than a few centimetres the other two nurses pinioned his arms to his side and
his shoulders to the table where he was forced to accept the pain groaning aloud
and with tears forming in his eyes.

" Well his reactions are similar to the female patients in finding this a little
uncomfortable.

Mind you he is getting away lightly compared with them as I have to scrape a
much larger area inside their vaginas to get a sample" remarked the nurse
casually. "Would you pass me that long thin probe please?" she said, returning
the scraper to the bowl "And you had better tighten your grip on the wimp, he��s
about to get the male equivalent of a cervical smear test."

With that she held his erect penis in her left hand and, pressing the tip of the
new probe against the already sore opening of his urethra, inserted it about
four inches. Stewart bucked and cried out in pain but by now the senior of the
two assisting nurses was lying across his body with her not inconsiderable
weight pinning him down. The probe was twisted and pulled out to by wiped by the
swab and for Stewart the pain subsided into a stinging throb.

" Don��t release him just yet" said the nurse as she poured a liquid
disinfectant onto a large ball of cotton wool. " I have to swab him down ".

It took the combined efforts of both the other nurses to hold him down as the
undiluted antiseptic reached the red raw skin of his penis and between his legs
to his opened anus.

" I never bother to dilute this to the correct level with prisoners" said the
nurse as she swabbed away. " I suppose it must sting slightly but whether it��s
a female or a male lying there I have to know that they have been cleaned
thoroughly". She carefully wrapped the soaking cotton wool around the head of
the throbbing penis and wrapped some adhesive tape to keep it in pace.

" I think it��s time we took a coffee break, don��t you ladies?" she smiled.
"Don��t you dare move boy whilst we relax " she snapped at Stewart.

Without a thought as to the comfort of their writhing "patient" the three nurses
drank their coffee and relaxed, chatting about their recent experiences at the
centre. How they carried out routine panty inspections, bodily hygiene checks,
pre-punishment physicals and finally what they all seemed to enjoy the most,
being the Nurse supervisor for one of the daily flogging sessions for the female
prisoners under sentence.

As the cups were put down and the nurses stood to resume their work a whispered
conversation took place. The student opened a drawer and Stewart was puzzled to
see that she brought out three large leather straps. She advanced on the male
prisoner and laid them over his upper chest, waist and pelvis. Whatever hope
Stewart still had faded as he realised their purpose and they were fastened to
the examination table to prevent any conceivable movement.

"You've guessed it boy, this is where it starts to get uncomfortable !" she
remarked with a smile.

.......to be continued




Chapter 5.

"You will notice, ladies, that the prisoners penis seems to be less excited than
it was a few minutes ago. " said the specialist nurse to her two assistants.
"The application of disinfectant seems to have cooled him down a little and we
can now continue with his examination. Would you please pass me the specimen jar
nurse?"

The student nurse took a funnel shaped jar off a shelf and passed it to the
nurse standing between Stewart��s splayed knees. She grasped the end of his
penis and, holding the jar against his testicles, placed the tip into the
container.

"Start urinating and stop when I tell you to " she commanded Stewart. It took
him some time to start passing urine but eventually it flowed freely into the
jar.

"STOP" snapped the nurse.

Stewart did so but was the almost overwhelmed by a burning in his penis and the
feeling of pressure from his still full bladder.

"One drop...just one drop boy and I will make you wish you had never been born,"
she said as she removed the jar and stood watching the twitching member as
Stewart struggled to retain the urine.

It took him fully two minutes until he had control back and he could relax.

"Now we examine the testicles," she continued. "May I suggest that you two stand
either side of the prisoner and concentrate on one each. Firstly I want you to
examine the scrotal sac which is, of course, a large muscle. Both the nurses
pinched the soft flesh and pulled it out to its full length either side of his
penis.

"Please note that the skin is no more sensitive here than anywhere else in the
groin " she went on as she affixed a clamp to either side next to the nurses
fingers." Stewart gasped.

" Use the clamps to hold the scrotum as in my experience, as the examination
proceeds, the male tends to sweat making a grip with fingers rather difficult".
She then removed a wet towel from the sterilizer, advanced on Stewart and
quickly wrapped the steaming hot material around the stretched scrotum. Ignoring
the prisoner��s frantic writhing and gasps of pain she casually pointed out how
the heat had relaxed the muscle and the sac was now much slacker.

A bag of crushed ice was then produced from the freeze cabinet and the bag
carefully wrapped around the limp scrotum. Initially Stewart found the cold a
blessed relief for his almost scalded skin, but slowly the deep cold started to
penetrate through to his testicles. The three nurses chatted casually about
various medical practices in use at the Centre and occasionally glanced at their
watches. A dull ache permeated Stewart��s scrotal area.

The ice bag was snatched away and the nurses invited to see the effects of the
extreme cold for themselves. The testicles were now tightly gripped in the hard
wrinkled sac and when they pulled hard on the clamps, the stretching of the sac
against the force of the contraction squeezed both testicles firmly and
painfully.

"I will relax the scrotal sac with an application of heat and then we will
progress with a detailed examination of the contents" the examining nurse
informed the others. Another hot towel was produced and, this time, rubbed
vigorously around the scrotum until it again became soft and loose.

"Holding the clamp in your left hand and using it to position the sac would you
both now please start to examine the spermatic cords starting from the body
cavity. You will need to apply some pressure with your fingers to feel their
shape through the thick wall of the scrotum. Don��t worry if there appears to be
a break in the cord, it merely indicates that he has undergone a vasectomy". The
nurses gripped and fumbled their way along the cord until it joined a testicle.

Stewart found the examination extremely uncomfortable but it fortunately stopped
short of pain. Their was, however, the constant fear of pain that kept him
writhing against the restraint of his straps.

"Now we come to the slightly uncomfortable part of the examination". said the
examining nurse sarcastically. "Ladies, would you each grip a testicle between
your thumb and fingertips and start to examine the shape".

The nurses started carefully at first and then slowly increased the pressure as
they examined the shape and size of the items. By now Stewart was groaning aloud
and gasping with fear as his most sensitive organs were clinically and callously
examined. Each tender organ was being rolled between a thumb and finger tips as
its size, firmness and shape were meticulously checked. The student nurse
managed to firmly hold the testicles her side with the finger tips and thumb of
one hand whilst her other thumb and finger tips felt all around the oval shape
for the ridges and connections with the cord.

" As you probably appreciate," said the nurse," without any restraints, this
type of examination can provide an excellent test of the male prisoners
obedience in remaining still".

She was interrupted by Stewart: "AAgh please...no more" as the probing
continued. The nurse had been correct about the prisoner sweating, Stewart was
now drenched in sweat and the combination of the clamps and non-slip gloves was
proving invaluable.

" Thank you ladies, that will suffice for now " she said and Stewart relaxed,
somewhat prematurely .
"Just one more thing to demonstrate before we conclude our examination and write
up our reports, you need to appreciate just how sensitive the male is to any
form of testicular punishment. We don��t see many males here thank heavens, but
everyone so far has required at least one dose of genital discipline and that
will certainly include the testicles. Just in case you are required to assist
you had better practice now ".

Hearing these words Stewart first tensed against the straps then started
trembling with fear.

"As the prisoner is now demonstrating, he has no doubts as to the potential for
suffering pain in that area ". I want you each in turn to lift the scrotum with
both clamps until the testicles are hanging free, after all we want to punish,
not damage them. Then, with your finger and thumb, give the one your side a
sharp flick. Would you go first please nurse", she said to the young student
member of staff. And would you nurse, she said to the older woman, move round to
the prisoners head and support it with your hands".

The hands gripped his head and the nurse leant over him so that her face was
only inches from his. She smiled in a cruel imitation of sympathy. His view of
the others was now blocked as he felt the scrotum being lifted high between his
splayed thighs. there was a slight brush of finger nail against his right
testicle as the nurse checked for range and then a simultaneous snap of the
latex finger, a dull tap and the immediate surge of gut-wrenching pain as he
screamed at the face above him.

It took about two minutes for the waves of pain to subside. The nurse holding
his head gently wiped his forehead.

" There, there, soon be over. Surely a little flick like that can��t hurt that
much ? ". She said sarcastically.

" Change positions ladies," said the nurse in charge. " This time let��s try to
put a little more zip into the flick, remember, the object is to punish not to
arouse him!".

Laughing at the criticism of her gentleness, the younger nurse moved to his
head. She held him under the chin with her left hand with her right hand clamped
over his mouth. He could smell the mix of perfume, medical smells and young
female scents through his still exposed nostrils. He felt the other nurse lift
the scrotum and he braced himself against the inevitable.

It came. It came in the form of a deliberate savage flick to the left testicle.
Again the arcing pain to the gut but this time the scream was trapped in
Stewart's mouth by the gloved hand as he writhed and struggled against the
straps and the firm grip of the student nurse. 

Five minutes later the straps were removed, the leg straps were unfastened and
Stewart's feet were lifted from the stirrups. He climbed shakily down from the
table and was ordered to dress in the medical gown.

"You will now be taken for uniform fitting and later, the prison doctor will
send for you to review your results".

With that a wardress appeared and with a curt "Follow me" led him out of the
Medical Centre and along the outside paths, paper gown blowing in the wind, to
the uniform stores.

To be continued.




Chapter 6.

The escorting wardress left Stewart standing in front of a long counter in the
uniform and equipment stores.

Behind the counter stood two of the female prisoners, a tall slim woman with
dark hair in a ponytail aged around 35 and a younger girl around 20 years old
with short fair hair. Both were dressed in the schoolgirl type uniform of tie,
white long sleeved blouse and short blue plaited skirt.

Behind them on racks were stacked the regulation shoes, skirts, underwear and
other items in sized piles. A musty smell of freshly laundered clothing hung in
the air.

"Good Grief" exclaimed the older woman. "I've heard that we get the odd male
prisoner here, but this is the first one that I have had to clothe ". The
younger girl laughed in agreement as she tossed her long blonde hair and stared
at Stewart.

"Come on lad, we haven't got all day" she continued impatiently. "Get that
ridiculous gown off and stand over here." Stewart moved behind the counter and
removing the paper gown, standing naked in front of them.

"Phew, you stink of disinfectant", said the younger girl as she approached him
with a tape measure, "Let me guess, you have come straight from your initial
medical examination by those bitches dressed as nurses. I suppose they gave you
as hard a time as they give the females here?" Stewart nodded in agreement. " I
was sore around my crotch for days afterwards" she went on " Mind you they were
gentle as lambs compared with the Doctors inspection, I suppose you are still
awaiting your final medical release by her?" 

Stewart appeared baffled. And so, the two female prisoners, warming to him as
they started to find the male uniform items, started to explain some of the do's
and don'ts that would make life in the correctional centre bearable.

They were both adamant that no matter how subservient and obedient a prisoner
was, there would always be a high level of strappings and formal punishments
inflicted on her. Almost without exception the wardresses, nurses and certainly
the centre policewomen were of a sadistic nature and would find fault just for
the satisfaction of inflicting pain under the guise of "body searches
","necessary discipline" or "correcting offences ". 

They were all past masters at the art of humiliation. The easiest method was
their power to order a female to strip or take up an embarrassing position in
front of others, possibly male or female visitors. But this was only the tip of
the iceberg. As the rules stated that there was no entitlement to privacy, the
prisoners could be watched at even their most intimate times such as using the
toilet or washing. At any time, a pair of latex gloves could be donned by the
most junior wardress and she could then "inspect" a whole group of female
prisoners, many of whom were much older than her, on any pretext such as "spot
personal hygiene checks", "body cavity checks for drugs " or such like. If this
wasn't enough, the entire centre was "bugged" with hidden high definition T.V.
cameras and microphones.

They told Stewart of one particular exponent of this by the name of Miss
Jennings, an nineteen year old assistant wardress. Her favourite idea of fun was
to take a class of female prisoners for a hard physical training session. Then,
in the changing room when they had stripped and were about to shower off the
sweat, order them into a circle facing the back of the female in front for a
"body cavity search". They would then be told to stand with legs wide apart,
bend their knees and then with their hands clasped behind their heads, bend over
so that so that their faces almost touched the buttocks of the female in front.
She would then work around the group, firstly finger probing their anus's and
secondly, with a change of gloves, roughly invading and "searching" their
vagina's. The prisoners would first see the girl in front's search from only
inches away and would then be subjected to the same treatment. The slightest
reluctance to obey giving Miss Jennings the ideal opportunity to use her
personal strap or cattle prod on the offender, or even put the recalcitrant on
"report".

Stewart was told that the punishments that cause the actual pain were, in
theory, strictly regulated. However, even the most junior member of staff could,
without further reference to her seniors, inflict what is called a "spot
correction ".

These can range from slapping the offenders face, inflicting a hand slapping on
the thighs or buttocks or giving three strokes of the strap that all staff carry
on their uniform belts. The electric prods could be used at any time to
"encourage" the prisoner. Naturally, the exact details of these "minor"
punishments are vague. There is nothing to prevent the slapping of the thighs
from lasting agonizing minutes or the three strokes being repeated for another
supposed offence only minutes later and to the exact same spot. The more senior
the staff member the heavier grade will be the personal strap she uses.
Additionally, her cattle prod will be set to a higher shock level.

Stewart mentioned that he had witnessed an "unofficial" strapping whilst in the
Police Guardroom . Interestingly the females said that these were regarded as
fair by the prisoners and were entirely voluntary. If the female committed an
offence and accepted that a punishment was due, this would enable her to get off
without anything being entered on her records. The member of staff had the final
say but the offender could ask for an "unofficial". The girl would then be given
a note which she had to take to the guardroom sergeant at the earliest
opportunity. This would state the offence and recommend the strap, paddle or
cane with the recommended number of strokes. The infliction was never less than
severe but usually fare and reasonable.

"So the punishments are always given on the buttocks or thighs " said Stewart.
The girls looked at each other, shaking their heads ruefully.

"If only that were true," said the elder one. She went on to explain that the
rules permitted infliction on the hands, buttocks, legs, back and shoulders and
for special offences, the breasts and crotch. 

"Take the case of the legs" she went on. "This can mean that we get caned or
strapped on the rear of the thighs, back of the calves, front of the thighs and
worst of all on the soft tender skin on the inner thighs between the knees and
the crotch ".

Stewart told them how he had been given a demonstration of a genital type
punishment by the nurses who had finger flicked his testicles. The two females
looked at them sympathetically and commented on the bruising that was already
visible on his scrotum and penis where the clamps had been used. They explained
that the genital punishments were always inflicted by one of the nurses and that
so far, they had both escaped.

"Surely," said Stewart, "There must be a limit to severity of a punishment, to
the amount of strokes that can be awarded ". The younger girl explained that
they only knew of the maximum that girls were receiving for the more serious
offences. They seemed to be restricted to 24 strokes of the cane for example.
There seemed to be no restriction on inflicting subsequent thrashings for a
further offence only hours or days later over the existing weals and bruises.
The attitude seemed to be that the prisoner who attracted a second caning had
only herself to blame if she needed a second dose of punishment before the other
punishment marks had faded.

"Don't forget that we also have what the staff call "Dressage Disciplines " that
are supposed to give us training in poise and deportment" said the younger girl.
They explained that a girl could be made to wear "dressage underwear" for a
period of a few hours as she went about her normal duties. The pony-tailed
prisoner opened a drawer and produced what seemed to be a leather harness of
some sort. 

"They call this a correctional bra " she said with disgust. "Any female prisoner
can be made to wear this in place of her normal regulation brassiere. The
adjustable leather straps fit like an ordinary bra over the shoulders and around
the back, but the cups consist of these nasty thin thongs that can be tightened
until the poor boob is trussed up and forced to stick out with only the nipple
free. It is only used on the bigger breasted females and if it's uncomfortable
for a girl with say 36 B breasts, its even worse for the bigger ones which bulge
out even more. If the girl remains more or less still, say in class, then it is
not too bad, but if she has to exercise and the breasts move about they say it
really hurts ".

"And how about this device ?", said the younger of the two prisoners, handing
Stewart what seemed to be a leather belt with a long stained thong with knots
tied in it hanging from the back. "They call it an under-strap. It fits round
the waist and then the leather thong is fed between the buttocks and pulled up
in the front until it's tight, then fastened to a short elastic tab which
permits some stretching, but not much . They make sure that the knots are tied
in the right places to cause maximum chafing and irritation. One on the anus and
the others pulled up into the labial lips . Sometimes its fitted over the
panties, especially when they know that you are likely to be getting a panty
cleanliness check later, but more often its pulled up into the bare clefts ".

" I have avoided the bra as my breasts are small, but I had the under-strap
fitted for two hours last week ". said the young girl. "The bitch of an
assistant wardress fitted it as she said that I had been walking around rather
than marching as we are supposed to. She ordered me to remove my panties, put
the belt around my waist and then and squat on a table. She adjusted the
position of the knots by trial and error then, with my knees wide apart she
pulled up the strap between my buttocks and between my er..well.. sex lips and
fastened it to the elastic tab at the front which kept it taught. She knew full
well that I had a Physical Fitness session starting next and tipped off the
instructress. It couldn't be seen under the panties and PT clothes but she knew
it was there and gave as many exercises as possible that would give me problems.
Astride jumps were fine but the running on the spot where we have to bring up
the knees and the bicycling when on our backs was hell. No matter how much it
chafed and rubbed I just had to keep going, otherwise it would have been at
least a "voluntary" with the strap for lack of effort . Sometimes the wardresses
will fit the strap with just a knot over the girls...well...sensitive spot
between her legs so that she gets all randy, but usually it's fitted to cause
pain and discomfort ".

"And then of course there are the duties as "Personal Servant" as they call it,"
she continued. "Don't ask me how they justify it with the rules, but any staff
member can select a prisoner for duties in their private accommodation. Once
they have you in there they can do what the hell they like with you and there is
virtually no way that you can object".

" If you are lucky " said the other girl, "you just get all the shitty jobs to
do such as cleaning the bath and toilet or washing their underwear. But the
lesbian or bi-ones order the prisoners to carry out more personal services. Any
refusal is classed as disobedience and they can lay on the strap or that awful
prod they have. Most girls submit fairly quickly and do as they have been told,
others, like Karen here resist. She was put on report for some trumped up charge
of insolence and was thrashed. The next day she was selected as a servant by the
same bitch and ... well...did as she was told."

Karen blushed as she nodded in agreement. " Take my advice, just do as you are
told and hope for the best". She said with a shudder.

"Look, we would like to tell you more but we had better get you into uniform".
Said the senior girl. In no time Stewart was issued 7 pairs of small jockey
shorts and three denim shirts.He was fitted with a very small pair of denim
shorts with the legs cut high and 7 pairs of white knee socks with one pair of
black plain shoes.

It was only just in time. The door burst open and in came the wardress.

"Leave the rest of your kit there boy, the Doctor is ready to see you for you
final check, so you can collect it later ".

With that Stewart was marched back to the medical centre and to a door marked
"Doctor Jayne Hargreaves ".

To be continued.




Chapter 7.

He waited outside the doctor's surgery for some ten minutes. He sat on the bench
next to his escorting wardress. Every time he moved so much as a fraction he was
told "Stop fidgeting boy". or "For heavens sake boy...keep still".

Eventually the door opened and out came Doctor Jayne Hagreaves. Stewart and the
Wardress stood up as the Doctor approached them. Doctor Hargreaves was around 30
years of age with long fair hair down to her shoulders. She was more than just
pretty. Her eyes were large and appeared almost sympathetic as she looked at the
male prisoner. She was slimly built with breasts that were apparent as they
thrust forward in a white open neck blouse with the neck and several other
buttons unfastened. She wore a plain short dark skirt with her legs covered in
dark stocking material and high-heeled shoes. Around her neck hung a stethoscope
and over the blouse she wore a short white medical coat.

"So this is the new male prisoner" she smiled encouragingly. " You had better
bring him in to the surgery, I have just been reviewing the results of all his
tests ". With that, she led the way into a typical doctor's room. Waiting,
behind the desk was a 40 year old, plumpish lady in nurses uniform with short
dark hair and a serious expression.

Doctor Hargreaves took her seat behind her desk next to the standing nurse and
motioned Stewart to sit on a small, low, uncomfortable stool in front of it. He
heard the wardress's electric prod rattle against a chair as she sat down at the
back of the room. Opening a file she started to read the results and comments.
Much of it went over Stewart's head but several phrases and comments struck
home.

" Generally good physical condition...a little overweight...blood profile
normal...reflexes normal...urine sample contaminated...difficulty in controlling
his displays of sexual interest...erection without permission...surprisingly
sensitive penis and testicles to any discomfort...prostate normal...faeces
normal".

" Dear me boy " said the doctor. "Not a good start to your stay here when my
nurses complain about your inability to control your basic urges during a
medical examination". She slowly stood up and walked around the desk standing in
front of Stewart. She leant forward with her stethoscope dangling and blouse
falling open so that Stewart could see her white bra and breasts. Her heavy
feminine perfumed and warmth flooded his nasal senses as he desperately tried
not to look.

"I might accept such a lack of control from a young boy of 16 but I'm afraid I
cannot allow such leniency to a 38 year old male such as yourself. You will have
to be thoroughly tested and trained until you can control yourself I'm afraid ".
She said with a sad resigned air of almost sympathy.

"Look at my breasts Stewart" she said with a smile. "Do you find them exciting
?". Stewart, squatting on the low stool, licked his dry lips and nodded
nervously as he looked at the white cupped globes with the outline of her
nipples clearly protruding through the white material. 

She slowly stood up and sat on the desk with her knees together. Then slowly
parted her knees.

"What can you see boy?" she asked with a sultry voice "Tell me exactly"

"Er..well Miss...I mean doctor... I can see your legs and black panties with the
garter belt holding the stockings up ".

"Are you controlling yourself ?" she asked suddenly. Then, quickly springing to
her feet, "Drop your shorts and pants NOW !".

Too late Stewart tried to think away his erection. As the shorts and pants were
dropped it sprang up on display to the three women.

"How DARE you boy !" said the young doctor." I had hoped that you would be
prepared to co-operate, but since you are obviously not prepared we must take
sterner measures with you. Strip completely and stand at the "present".

Stewart quickly stripped and stood as he had seen one of the girl prisoners
stand, feet wide apart, hands behind his head with elbows forced back. He was
desperately aware of his uncontrollable erection as it swung and nodded with his
every move. He was aware of a whispered conversation between the doctor and the
nurse, who proceeded to remove a long tube in a protective sealed packet from a
draw.

"We will deal with your deliberate lack of control later. Right now we will
complete the missing items on your medical report starting with a collection of
urine. As the previous one was contaminated, we will collect this via a
catheter. Unfortunately this will be made rather painful as you are erect".

Both of them slowly slipped on surgical gloves. Following more instructions from
the doctor, the nurse placed two seats in front of Stewart and they both sat
down with their feet either side of his two spread legs and their eyes firmly
fixed on his displayed genitals. The nurse grasped his penis with both hands and
in one quick movement forced his bruised foreskin back. The doctor then
carefully unwrapped the tube pressed the tip to the opening in Stewarts hard
penis and started to push it into his urethra. Soon the discomfort changed into
outright pain as the tube was pushed further and further in. The nurse and
doctor locked their shoes around each ankle making it impossible for him to back
away. When he dropped his hands towards his crotch one quick word "Guard !" had
the wardress snap smartly into position behind him holding his head and
shoulders in a full nelson grip with her pointed breasts pressing into his back.

Eventually, the unlubricated catheter was in place and Stewart was released. The
nurse handed him a large glass of water that he was told to drink and then stand
at the "present" with his back to a wall behind the desk. Stewart contemplated
whether he should tell the doctor that the water was hardly necessary as his
bladder was already feeling full, but thought better of it. He stood as still as
he could with the heavy end of the tube protruding out of his throbbing and hard
penis as the staff prepared to deal with another patient.

In marched the tall blonde girl that Stewart had last seen in the medical
centre. She snapped to attention in front of the desk with her large breasts
quivering. Dressed in the regulation "schoolgirl" short skirt, blouse and tie
she was even more magnificent that she had appeared stripped The doctor read her
file out to the others. It seemed that she had received the 12 strokes of the
cane and was back for a post punishment check and review. Following that there
was a request for permission to inflict a further twelve strokes for the
incident of refusal and disobedience in the toilets.

The doctor asked a few questions "Were all the strokes across your buttocks?"
"Not all doctor, three were on my legs ". "Were you secured for punishment?"
"Yes doctor, over the caning horse". "Did you receive any overlays?" "Two
strokes landed on top of previous ones doctor and..er..well..I had been caned
the previous day so my buttocks were still sore".

"Well girl" said the doctor. "Lets take a look at you, strip to your underwear".
With a nervous glance in my direction she quickly removed her tie, blouse and
skirt and resumed her attention position in her regulation white bra, small
white panties, garter belt stockings and shoes. As she was sideways to Stewart
he could now fully appreciate her large firm breasts as they proudly jutted
forward swaying slightly despite the support of the thin lightweight bra.

As if reading his mind the doctor smiled " You seem particularly well endowed
girl, what size bra do you wear?" "38 Double D doctor " replied the prisoner. 

" I don't think that you have been up for a breast punishment yet, have you?"
The girl gasped and started to tremble.

"Answer the question girl" snapped the wardress from behind her.

"Nn..n..no doctor" she said in a weak whisper. 

"Collected any Breast Related Demerits yet?" the doctor went on.

"Two doctor".

"And what were they for?"

"One for being found wearing a non-regulation bra and...one for wearing a soiled
bra doctor".

" You really will have to watch it then won't you ". Said the doctor moving from
her chair and standing close to the prisoner. She slowly traced the outline of
her nipples through the fabric with her finger nail and in almost a whisper
said.. " One more "BRD" and you and I will be discussing just how sensitive
these udders of yours are and just how much discipline they need ".

"Turn around, bend over, grasp you ankles, legs apart." she snapped. 

"Wider girl!".

The nurse pulled an angle light into position so that the girl's thighs and
buttocks were embarrassingly well illuminated. The ridged weals on her thighs
stood out in purple. The white regulation panties only partially covered the
buttocks and heavy weals could be seen over the lower parts of the nates. The
doctor snatched the thin panty material up into the girls crotch so that the
entire punished area was exposed. From where Stewart stood he could see the
material of the panties pulled into her crotch with the outline of her sex all
too visible. Either side of the panty crotch thick fair pubic hair protruded.
His bladder was painfully full but despite that and the weight of the tubing and
clamps that hung out of the end, his penis was elevated above the horizontal.

The girl was told to stand in front of the desk, at attention, as Doctor
Hargreaves wrote slowly in her file. Eventually the doctor looked up at her.

"It is obvious to me that you need further correction girl." She said." I intend
that your next thrashing should instil more discipline into you than the
previous ones have. I will arrange firstly that it be inflicted by Miss James,
who I know can be relied upon to lay the strokes on hard. Secondly, you will not
enjoy the luxury of being secured. You will have to accept the strokes and
control yourself not to move or in any way try avoid them. Should you fail to do
this I am recommending that for every "refusal" the stroke will be repeated and
at the end you will receive an "extra" across your inner thighs with the same
cane. Have you anything to say?"

The girl shook with fear as the sentence was read out.

"Nnno...ddoctor." She stuttered.

"Fit for punishment." snapped the doctor. "You can change places with this male
prisoner". Stewart moved to a position in front of the desk and the girl to one
behind it. She took up the "present" position without being told.

The doctor swivelled in the chair to face Stewart.

"And now it's your turn again boy ".

To be continued.




Chapter 8.

"You seem to have applied little effort to reduce your disgusting erection".
Said Doctor Jayne Hargreaves to her male prisoner. "Are you ready for your
bladder to be emptied yet?"

Stewart assured her that he was more than ready and the nurse pulled him across
the room to where four bottles were standing on a table. She placed the end of
the catheter tube in the first and, receiving a word of approval from the
doctor, released the pressure on the clamp allowing the urine to flow under
force into each bottle in turn. Only the final bottle was left less than full
despite the nurse applying pressure from her fisted hand just above his pubic
bone.

He was then told to resume the "present" position in the centre of the room. The
two chairs were placed in front of him with the doctor seated in one and the
nurse in the other with their eyes at waist height. Gloves were slipped on and
the wardress told to brace him for the removal of the tubing. The judo lock was
applied to his arms and neck as before and the nurse gripped his testicles and
penis firmly. With her left hand on his stomach as a bracing point, the doctor
slowly and painfully started to pull on the catheter. It slid, slowly, out of
his penis. Totally ignoring his gasps of pain the doctor continued to pull until
it was clear of his rapidly deflating organ, and now very sore, urethra.

" I will now require a sample of sperm from you." Said the doctor with a degree
of casualness as if she was discussing the weather and not something of such
intimate importance. " On my command you will masturbate to ejaculation and
catch the proceeds in this small glass jar. Kneel on the floor, legs well apart
and body upright."

Stewart did as he was told and was handed the cold glass container. He was now
looking up at the doctor, nurse and the female prisoner who was standing in her
bra and panties with legs wide apart and elbows forced back to display her large
heavy breasts. The uniformed wardress also moved into a position where she could
watch. All four were staring at him but despite this humiliating position and
the stinging caused by the catheterisation, Stewart's organ was rigid.

"Commence." said the doctor.

Stewart grasped his member and started to move his hand back and forth.

" You, girl, will provide a visual aid to this unpleasant process. Stand in that
position... immediately in front of him. And you, boy, may admire her body as
you excite yourself." she continued.

The girl towered above the kneeling male. Stewart looked up at her face that
registered the humiliation of her situation, the pain from the recent beating
and the fear of the one that was to come. Her well-formed breasts seemed to be
too large for the prison bra. Her body was covered in a light sheen of sweat
from the reaction to the fear. From the recessed navel a light trail of hair led
down into the tight white panties that were still pulled into her crotch. Her
fair pubic hair showed either side of the panties and a distinct smell of
feminine secretions reached his nose as he continued to pump.

Suddenly, he felt himself coming. The glass jar was only held in place for a
split second before the waves of the ejaculation swept over him and spurted out.
His body shuddered and he emitted a low moan as the relief swamped over him.

They waited a few minutes until his penis had stopped dribbling into the jar. It
was collected by the nurse, who having given the contents a cursory examination,
screwed on a top and placed it alongside the urine samples.

"Not bad for a first attempt Stewart " said the doctor as she came round the
desk and sat on the edge looking down on him. " However, I never like to rely on
just one sample so you will now supply a second one. You males seem to have some
problems with achieving this straight away so I will be arranging some help for
you. This female prisoner will be used to ensure that your erection returns
rapidly and the nurse here will provide the manual stimulation.

Stewart followed the doctor's glance to the nurse. She was approaching him with
a look of utter disgust on her face as she slipped on a pair of heavy, ridged
rubber gloves instead of the latex ones worn before. From the appearance of the
gloves and the grimace displayed on her face, she looked as if she was about to
clear a blocked drain rather than perform an intimate act.

"Carry on please Nurse" said the doctor.

"Right my girl," she said addressing the prisoner. "I will give you exactly five
minutes to get this wretch into a state where I can collect another sample.
Should you fail, I will have the wardress give you 3 with her strap across your
weals for every extra minute it takes you."

The girl looked at Stewart with tears starting to form in her eyes. She mouthed
the words "please help" at him. 

She stood close to him and leaned over so that her breasts brushed his head and
face. She swung the globes from side to side brushing his head then face. Her
sweat rubbed off onto his forehead and he could almost smell her fear. She then
squatted in front of him and opened her legs. This pulled her panties even
tighter into her crotch and made the pubic hairs either side of the gusset stand
out. She cupped her breasts in both hands as she stimulated the nipples to
erection under the thin white material as she stared imploringly into his eyes.

Nervously she reached forward with both hands and took his sore flaccid member
between her fingers, trying gently to stroke life back into it.

"One minute to go " called the nurse. Despite the girls, by now frantic efforts,
his organ remained only partly erect.

" Time up. Well girl, don't say I didn't warn you... Wardress !... three strokes
please !"

Brusquely the wardress turned the girl towards the desk and told her to lie
across it. To the kneeling Stewart this presented the punished bottom at eye
level. The panties were again pulled up tight into the crotch, the strap was
camly unhitched from the wardresses belt ...raised high and brought down with a
meaty "swack" across the wealed ridges. The girl shuddered and let out a low
groan but held her position. Twice more it was raised and lashed across the same
strip of flesh adding a vivid scarlet swathe on top of the red and purple weals.

"Splended, success at last." said the nurse looking down at Stewart's groin. To
his intense shame the savage strapping of the defenceless female prisoner had
returned his penis to full erection.

" Remain in position girl. You, boy, stand up with your legs apart." ordered the
nurse. She stood on his right and grasped his testicles with her left hand and
his shaft with his right. "Don't expect this to be pleasant," she muttered as
she started pumping.

Pleasant is not a word Stewart would have used. His penis was already sore from
the other nurses' examinations not to mention the catheter insertion. Now this
bitch was gripping it tightly and pumping rhythmically, ignoring his gasps of
pain. The doctor stood waiting on his left with another sample jar and the
wardress stood, tawse in hand watching the nurse at work with an embarrassed
grin on her young face.

After three minutes the pain from the savage friction was intense. Stewart
realised that these females could, and would continue to masturbate him until he
ejaculated, but try as he could and even though his penis remained thobbingly
erect, no way could he climax.

By now the nurse was sweating and grunting with the exertion. Gripping his
testicles even more firmly she ordered the wardress to lay on three more strokes
to the other prisoner.

The wardess raised her arm and the tawse was brought down heavily over the
swathe from the first lashes. Just as she raised her arm for the second lash,
with the victim writhing and whimpering awaiting the inevitable agony, Stewart
felt the start of another orgasm surge though his pelvis. It came as the third
stroke of the strap lashed into the girls throbbing wealed buttocks and she
screamed with the pain.

Quickly the doctor placed the jar over his penis tip as his knees buckled.

"STAND UP BOY!" screamed the wardress in his ear. "Take the jar from the doctor
and don't you dare spill a drop." 

Stewart stood with the jar for several minutes collecting the last drips while
the medical staff, and wardress looked on. The girl lay sobbing over the table
with her nates twitching in pain. They were then both ordered to the "present"
in front of the desk.

The now seated doctor slowly reviewed Stewart's file.

"It will be several days before we get all the results back, but on the basis of
what we have seen I am prepared to authorise you for "Normal Duties and
Disciplines". That will mean that you will be treated in the way the female
prisoners are. I would remind you that you are hear to learn total obedience to
authority so it will be up to you how hard or easy you make that task. As to
your lack of self-control, I will make a note on your file that all the staff
are to pay particular attention to that area and will deal with it at the
slightest indication. For your own benefit I will now have the wardress
demonstrate just one method available."

With a nod from the doctor the wardress came up behind Stewart.He heard the
click as some item of equipment was unclipped from her belt. He felt something
slide between his splayed legs and press gently between his dangling testicles.
The doctor looked over his shoulder and nodded to the wardress.

WHAP !!!. It was if he had been strapped across his scrotum. He instictively
jumped about a foot into the air.

"Get back into position boy" snapped the doctor. The wardress walked slowly into
his line of vision holding her prod in her right hand and smiling . 

"Where would you like the next jolt to be applied doctor?" she asked. "How about
here?" she said as the prod tip was used to lift the flaccid penis under the
soft exposed glans. Stewart flinched back moving his penis to safety.

"You have been told to hold position, " shouted the doctor. "Keep still...or
else!"

Against all his instincts Stewart braced, the tip was brought into contact and
after a five second pause the wardress pressed the small button on the handle
and Stewart leaped backwards as the pain was felt.

"I hope I make myself clear Stewart. From now on, how you are treated will be
for you to decide. Total respect and obedience to the staff and you will have no
problems. But the slightest hint of insolence, disobedience or lack of effort
and they will make your life hell. Get your clothes on and get out." 

To be continued.




Chapter 9.

On the evening of his second night in the Correctional Centre, Stewart was
appointed as a "Personal Servant" to Miss Angela James one of the Senior
Wardresses. He reported as ordered at exactly 6pm and was waiting outside the
door to her apartment when she arrived back. She was a heavily built woman of
average height, large breasts and with short dark hair.In no way could she be
described as attractive as she had a rather plump face with a permanent sour
expression especially when dealing with prisoners. Even though she had finished
work for the day she was still dressed in the full uniform of jacket, tie,
shirt, skirt and boots. She was believed to be around 35 years of age. As one of
the senior wardresses on the staff she had earned a reputation amongst the girl
prisoners of strictness to rules and severity of punishment for even the most
minor of offences. Despite her strict enforcement of the rules that required the
females to be spotless about their personal hygiene, frequently awarding demerit
points for the slightest stain on their panties or any failure to wash
themselves thoroughly, she had a reputation of being very lax indeed about her
own washing and cleanliness. 

"Inside" she snapped half pushing Stewart into the hallway. She took him into a
small sitting room. Sitting in a comfortable armchair she told him to stand at
attention. Slowly she eyed him up and down as he stood there in his prison
denims.

"Let me explain the rules...My rules" she said. "I will address you in any way I
see fit however, at all times you will address me as "Madam" You will instantly
obey any order that I give you without question. Is that understood ?".

"Yes...Madam" replied Stewart.

"Should you displease me in any way, fail to obey me, not complete any task that
I set you to my complete satisfaction then I shall punish you. This may be in a
variety of ways but in general I can assure you that they will all be extremely
painful. Any questions?" Stewart shook his head nervously.

Slowly Miss James moved to stand in front of him. She slowly removed her uniform
jacket and placed it on the desk. Relieved to see that she was not wearing the
belt to which was clipped her strap and prodder, he could make out the outline
of her bra under the uniform shirt and heard it creak and stretch as she moved.
She moved close to Stewart so that her large, rigidly encased breasts brushed
against his chest. He could see the damp patches of perspiration under each
armpit and smell the scent of stale sweat. He hardly saw her hand as it suddenly
lashed out slapping first his left cheek and then with the backhand his right
cheek. His face stung, his ears rang. He had almost been knocked off his feet by
this woman who was a full six inches shorter than himself.

"NO MADAM....sorry Madam " Stewart stammered .

She stood glaring at him for several minutes. "You have much to learn Boy " she
whispered. Its time that I found some work for you.

She took him through to the kitchen, sat in a chair and pointed to her uniform
knee boots. Remove these and you can clean and polish them. Stewart knelt at her
feet grasped the first boot and pulled. The boot was obviously a tight fit.
Casually Miss James put her other foot on his shoulder and pushed hard helping
him to slide the boot off. In doing this her legs were high and parted giving
him a brief glimpse of her stocking clad legs and panty crotch. She then placed
her smelly stockinged foot on his face covering his mouth and pushed against his
face . Fortunately the other boot slid easily off as he fell backwards.

She left him in the room having shown him where the shoe cleaning materials
were. Taking each boot in turn Stewart first brushed off the dust and then
polished in the black polish finishing with a soft cloth. For a whole hour he
buffed away at the leather until the whole are of both boots shone and glistened
and his arms ached with the effort.

Miss James returned and casually examined his work. To Stewart's horror she
ignored the shiny upper surfaces and looked underneath at the sole and heel.

On both boots there was an area there between the sole and heel that was not
only not polished but had dried mud on. She threw the boots in the corner.

"Well Boy, I warned you that I required total obedience and here you are, on the
first simple job I give you failing to take the slightest notice of my
instructions. Follow me". She marched through to a large bedroom. In addition to
the bed there was a large stool covered in straps and a sort of examination
couch that were obviously not part of the normal furniture.

She carefully selected a heavy leather strap from a selection lying on the
couch. It was 1/4" thick hide, two inches broad and about two feet long with a
split dividing the last six inches. 

"Your hands need to be taught a lesson in obedience. Lets start with the right
one...hold it out for punishment... palm up". She then carefully adjusted the
position of the hand with nudges from the belt, raised the strap high above her
shoulder and "WHAP" brought it down hard across the palm. Hardly had the
immensity of the pain started to take effect and the strap was raised and with a
savage downsweep brought down across his fingers. The third and fourth were just
as hard and across the soft join of the palm and fingers. The fifth across the
palm forced a grunt of pain from between Stewart's clenched jaws. He held his
palm on offer to the tawse not daring to move. The whole hand felt twice it's
normal size and throbbed agonizingly.

"Change hands Boy" came the command. He quickly swapped hands relieved to have
found an end to the feel of strap on top of throbbing weal. The five strokes to
the left hand were, if anything, more viciously delivered. Stewart relaxed and
held his hands together, rubbing them to alleviate the pain. Too late he
realised his mistake.

"HOW DARE YOU MOVE BOY!" shouted Miss James.

"In view of your disobedience I shall now have to repeat that rather minor
punishment .... present your hand again". Stewart held the throbbing palm up at
the required angle and gritted his teeth. Again the strap was raised back over
Miss James's shoulder and brought flashing down to ignite his already throbbing
flesh. Four more times the cruel strap fell on the right palm and fingers and
five more times on the left hand. Afterwards Stewart remained at attention with
his left hand out, trembling as he tried to control the pain and awaiting
permission to lower it.

"You may consider yourself lucky" said Miss James. I happen to be in a good mood
tonight otherwise you would have been severely punished for that offence.

"What a cow " thought Stewart " how in the hell can she describe that as a minor
punishment" as his throbbing hot palms were at last allowed to relax at his
sides.

He had much to learn about Miss James's ability to hurt.

To be continued.




Chapter 10.

Miss James then led Stewart though to the kitchen and told him to stand in front
of the large sink. She left the room but soon returned with a pile of what
seemed to be washing. She dropped the pile at his feet.

"Here's your second job tonight. This is a pile of my uniform shirts, underwear,
bras, panties and stockings. You will hand wash them all in the sink, dry them
in the dryer and iron just the shirts, bras and panties afterwards. There will
be no excuses of course for any item that becomes damaged or is not thoroughly,
and I mean thoroughly, washed and ironed. One hour should be sufficient." And
with that she walked out of the room.

Stewart ran hot water into the sink and added a handful of washing powder from a
box on an adjacent shelf. Kneeling down he examined the articles to be washed.
There were four white shirts with the scent of dry sweat around the underarms
and four pairs of black nylon stockings. He recognised the smell of her feet as
he carefully picked them up and dropped them into the hot water. Next he sorted
out three of her enormous brassieres, two white and one black. They were all of
a similar design, a sort of combination between a sports support bra and a
matronly rigid control device with wired inserts, a broad band round the back
and broad supporting shoulder straps. Out of curiosity he couldn't help looking
at the labels to see what size she was : 44 FF. The black bra showed white sweat
stains under the armpit areas and, on closed examination, so did the white bra's
armpits. 

Finally he knelt down to pick up the remaining items, two pairs of white
panties. Despite Miss James's heavy build and broad hips these were of the same
regulation type that he had seen the girl prisoners wearing. Hardly thongs, but
only a little larger than bikini type. One pair lay with the crotch exposed.
Clearly Miss James did not see any need for a high standard of personal
cleanliness for herself or the need to change her intimate clothing frequently.
The front part was damp with a yellowish stain and the rear seemed to have been
pulled up into her buttocks with noticeable brown markings. He did not have to
lift the panties to his nose before the smell of an unwashed female crotch
assailed his senses.

As he dropped them into the water he suddenly remembered the warning the two
female prisoners in the clothing store had given him. What if he was going to be
ordered to perform a "personal service" on this wardress during the course of
his duties that night? Would he refuse and, if he dared to refuse, was it true
that a prisoner could be thrashed for such an offence?

His thoughts were brought to an abrupt halt as he placed his hands into the hot
water and pain of the heat reached his recently strapped palms and fingers. He
gritted his teeth as he realised that, almost certainly, his use as a sex
servant was in the mind of Miss James. Given her total control over him, all
Stewart could hope was to make it a easy as possible on himself. With that in
mind he set to work on the panty crotches, shirts and bras with the soap, hot
water and a small nailbrush.

The dryer took 15 minutes to dry the scrubbed and squeezed garments. Stewart,
with an eye on the clock, already had the iron hot as he carefully folded the
stockings and started to iron the panties. Just then the door bell rang and he
heard Miss James welcoming a visitor. It took only a few words of the
conversation from next door for him to realise that it was Doctor Jayne
Hargeaves. It seemed that she had dropped by to hear how the flogging of the
girl had progressed.

It seemed from what Miss James had to say, that it had been most thorough. The
event had of course been video recorded .She described how the girl had stripped
naked and mounted the caning horse but, on the doctors orders, had not been
secured. Miss James had chosen one of the senior, meatier canes. " Heavy to use
with more of a whoosh than a swish... but less likely to nick the existing weals
and certainly effective in that it hits hard and hurts like hell."

He heard that she took the first three strokes well, but had real problems being
back in position for the next two across her thighs. Strokes number six and
seven were well taken but the last three all earned "extras" as she moved and at
one point stood up clutching her buttocks. The final stroke had to be repeated
twice making four "refusals" and therefore four "extras" in total.

Laughingly Miss James admitted that she had predicted more "refusals" and had
been surprised that the girl had been able to take the seventh as she had made
sure that the last four all landed on the previous overlays that must have been
"a little tender".

The four extras had been inflicted, as the doctor had ordered, on her inner
thighs. Two to each leg. She had been secured in the thigh punishment frame for
these. She ended the report by predicting that she would be most unlikely to
repeat the offence for a while.

The doctor expressed her doubts that the prisoner was fully trained as yet and
found her attitude somewhat impudent and felt that she needed taking down a peg.
She mentioned that she had much admired the girl's breasts. As she had already
collected two Breast Demerit Reports, she felt it more than likely that she
would soon need discipline on them. With a conspiratorial laugh, Miss James said
to leave it to her. She would drop the hint for extra vigilance by the rest of
the staff in that area. Sooner rather than later the girl will make an
appropriate slip and she can then be awarded her third BRD. "She will be
bouncing along to your surgery for a breast discipline examination before you
know it Jayne!"

Stewart had just finished the last of the ironing as he heard Miss James excuse
herself and she walked into the kitchen.

"Finished yet Stewart?" she enquired.

Leaping to attention in front of the neatly stacked clothing Stewart replied in
the affirmative. 

" I will check them later, in the meantime I have a visitor who needs your
attention so follow me into the other room."

The doctor was surprised to see Stewart. " Well Angela, this is a change for
you, I thought you always selected one of the females as a servant."

"Not at all," replied Miss James. " I certainly enjoy the use of the girls, but
we all need a change from time to time and there is a certain fascination in
breaking in a male as one's personal maid. I have already had to correct him
with a strap across his hands and I doubt if that is the last problem I will
have with him tonight."

" From what I have seen of him so far I would definitely keep your strap handy."
said the doctor. " Would it help if I signed an authorisation for punishment for
you now? That way all you have to do is fill it in with the offence and you can
lay it on straight away without having to call one of us over in the middle of
the night. Will, say six with the strap be O.K.?" "Better make it ten." replied
Miss James. I haven't seen him stripped yet and these males tend to have thicker
hides than the females. I can then supplement it with the odd three strokes with
a lighter strap without the need for further paperwork."

Stewart, standing at attention, could hardly believe what he was hearing. The
totally callous and offhand way that the two females discussed inflicting pain
on prisoners would have been unbelievable to him just a week ago. It was pretty
obvious that the rules and regulations could be interpreted in almost any way
the staff wanted. The bottom line seemed to be that every prisoner, and that
included himself, could be stripped, beaten, flogged, caned, hit, slapped used
and humiliated whenever a wardress or staff member felt like it. It was true
that they had to have a reason, but that reason once given would be accepted
without question by her colleagues, however facile. Hell only knows what
personal services these bitches can have you perform for them he thought and
then rapidly realised that he was probably about to find out.

For the victim there was no appeal, no possibility of mercy and no legal redress
of any sort. They were there to learn obedience and an important part of that
process was accepting the total and absolute power of the female staff. Little
wonder, he mused, that he had seen girl prisoners shake with fear just because a
wardress had spoken to them.

" I must be off," said the doctor moving to a position in front of Stewart. "
Watch yourself boy she said quietly but menacingly to him. If I get called back
to authorise a further flogging for you, heaven help you." Having bade farewell
to Miss James, she left.

Stewart heard the sound of the door to the outside world being locked. A
terrible sense of foreboding came over him as Miss James walked around him twice
and stopped, standing in front of him with her breasts pressing against his
chest. She waited several minutes, staring into his eyes.

" Time for a little test of your obedience " she said with a cold smile on her
lips

To be continued.




Chapter 11.

Miss James walked over to the table on which lay the form that the doctor had
signed. She picked up a ballpoint and started to fill it in.

" Must finish the paperwork, in case you fail to obey me completely." she said.
" I think the offence will be... Failure to obey an order" and with a flourish
signed the bottom of the form. She waved the paper in front of his face. 

"It will be down to you from now on Stewart. This is a legal document and
authorises me to beat you with ten strokes of the strap. My rank of Senior
Wardress permits me to give you an official punishment in my quarters provided I
have another signature on the form, which you know full well that I have. Obey,
and I may throw it in the bin. Get yourself into the room where I keep the
equipment and bring the straps there to me."

Stewart walked into the room. There were six straps lying on the bench. There
was the regular one still clipped, along with her prodder and battery pack to
her uniform belt and five others of various sizes and weights. He shuddered as
he recognised the one she had used earlier on his hands. He collected them all
and was told to place them on the table.

Miss Jones slowly examined them. After several minutes she settled on a brute of
a tawse : one two foot six inches long made of stiff dark brown hide and layered
to a thickness of nearly half an inch. The business end was split into two one
foot strips. She stood in front of him and slowly stroked his face with the
heavy oiled tips. He could smell the rough leather and feel the weight as it was
dragged across his cheeks.

"This is a real punishment tawse, not one of the little correctors that we use
here on a regular basis. The female prisoners seem to hate this when I use it on
them. It seems that it burns as well as stings and the pain lasts for some time.
Not to mention the subsequent pain from the weals and the heavy bruising. Its
all down to you whether I will need to use it on you. Shall we start?" she
concluded with a smile.

She walked casually over to the large armchair and sat in it. She then beckoned
Stewart to stand in front of her and ordered him to strip down to his underwear.
He soon stood in front of her naked except for his small jockey pants that did
little to support his bulging genitals. 

" Your first task is to remove my stockings." Stewart knelt in front of her and
reached up under her uniform skirt to the top of her heavy thighs. He quickly
located the clips on the suspender belt for the right leg and unclipped them. He
then slid the stocking carefully down to the foot where he pulled it free. As he
repeated the process with the other stocking Miss James leant well back and
place a foot over each seat arm.

From where he knelt, Stewart found himself looking up her skirt with her inner
thighs and panty crotch fully displayed to him.

" Pay attention boy !. You will now thoroughly wash each foot in turn." She said
quietly. Stewart looked around the room for some washing implements until his
search was interrupted by the words :" With your tongue boy !.

" I accept that you may display signs of sexual arousal but you look only where
I tell you to look and right now it's at my feet. To make this training of yours
more interesting, I will be giving each major task I set you a percentage score.
I will add up the marks at the end and we can then assess how well you have
done. I should warn you that the pass mark will be 85% and I think that you can
guess how I will be rewarding any failure." she said nodding to where the form
and the strap lay on the table.

Stewart gingerly held her heel with his right hand and brought his lips against
the sole of her left foot. The foot was pungent with the odours of being encased
in stockings and a tight leather boot for hours. Steeling himself he started to
lick the underside and then moved to the toes. Between each toe he tasted an
accumulation of foot sweat and grime that he assiduously licked and sucked clean
taking care to suck each toe in turn. Moving to the top surface he licked up as
far as her ankles, then repeated the process to the equally pungent right foot.

" Not a brilliant start." said the wardress. I award you only 70% for that
pathetic effort on each foot. Fortunately you have five such sections so you can
make up for lost ground, provided you put some more effort in to the other
tasks."

Stewart groaned inwardly. It was only too obvious that Miss James was the cat
and he was the mouse in this bizarre game. However hard he tried he was in for a
brutal beating from this woman. The most he could hope for was not to antagonise
her to the point that she would have the punishment increased. He must learn to
remain subservient and do his utmost to please her, however repugnant the tasks
might be to him.

Miss James rose from the chair and told him to stand in front of her.

"Remove my tie and uniform shirt."

Stewart timidly reached forward and loosened the tight black tie from around her
neck, pulled the tail through the not and carefully pulled the tie from around
her collar.

" Now I want you to undo all the buttons on the shirt."

Even more timidly Stewart undid the neck button and then slowly moving
downwards, the ones stretched tight between her massive breasts. He tried not to
look as the large white wired bra cups came into his view and the shirt sprang
apart as each button was undone. Finished he stood with his hands at his sides.

Once again the vicious slap, first to one side of his face and then to the other
caught him by surprise and left him with his face burning.

" When I tell you to undo all the buttons I expect you to do just that. I still
have my sleeve buttons fastened not to mention the ones beneath where my shirt
is tucked into my skirt. If you looked to your work didn't spend time ogling my
breasts, you might appear more obedient. Fetch the strap from my uniform belt.
NOW !!."

Stewart almost ran into the other room and returned clutching the smaller strap.
He presented it to Miss James who told him to bend over and grasp his ankles.

Almost as soon as he was bent over and before he could prepare himself for the
pain, she laid three hard strokes across the lower part of his taught buttocks
where bare flesh was exposed beneath the lower edges of the pants. Stewart,
biting his lips against the waves of agony remained in position. If this is a
light tawse, he thought, what in the hell is the heavy brute going to feel like.

" Just in case you didn't know, I can and will give you unlimited doses of that
strap. If nothing else it will serve to tenderise your backside for when I lay
on the punishment strap later. Now, stand up and finish the job " she said
throwing the tawse across the room to the table top.

Nervously Stewart undid the buttons on both sleeves then slowly pulled the shirt
out of the tight waistband of the skirt. When it was completely clear he undid
the last remaining two buttons. On Miss James instructions her then carefully
slipped the shirt off her back and stood in front of her again. She was
certainly a large woman but it would be incorrect to call her fat in any way.
Indeed, there was hardly a bulge even where the uniform skirt gripped her round
her waist. Clearly she worked out regularly and it showed. She stood with her
hands on her hips looking at Stewart. Her huge breasts constrained by the white
bra swelled over the tops of the rigid support cups and the pressure points of
her nipples could be seen under the material.

"Kneel on the floor boy". As soon as he knelt before her she turned her back and
instructed him to unfasten her bra. He nervously unclipped the fasteners on the
three inch wide back of the heavy support brassiere. As the strain was removed
from the fastening the weight of the breasts pulled the fasteners wide apart.
She then turned round and stood looking down between the mounds.

"Reach up and remove the bra" she ordered.

Stewart reached and clutched the shoulder straps in each hand and then slowly
pulled the massive bra from her breasts and down over her arms until it lay in
his hands and her breasts were free of any support. 

" You may look at my breasts ". 

From his lowly vantage point Stewart looked up at the pendulous pear shaped
globes. They were an almost pure white with a thin tracing of veins just visible
under the surface. The swung from her chest rather than protruded with her
slightest movement causing them to sway. The light pinkish brown nipples were
thick and protruded at an upwards and outwards angle a full half inch from the
surrounding three inch diameter swollen areola. Despite their size and apparent
weight they sagged only slightly. As she raised her hands and placed them on her
head the breasts were lifted almost clear of her chest where the lower surface
had previously sagged against her and previously trapped sweat ran down. Stewart
could now see Miss James's armpits where the matted underarm hair was dense and
thick. He could smell the scent of the dried perspiration, perspiration that
flowed during the exertions caused by her brutal thrashing of the female
prisoners earlier in the day.

The wardress then leant over to a nearby table and handed Stewart an opened jar
of body cream. " You will now cream each breast in turn...thoroughly." she said.
Slowly she moved back to the armchair and sat in it leaning against the back
with her hands clasped behind her head. Stewart knelt to one side, scooped a
large amount of the white scented cream and started to rub the underside of the
right breast. Slowly he forced his hand in between the slight sag of the breast
and then, replenishing the cream frequently, massaged it around the entire
mammary.

The breast felt firm and heavy to his touch. By the time he started to cream the
nipple area it was already turgid and protruding even more. He took great care
to rub the cream into the nipple with his finger tips and then went over the
breast again gently rubbing any spare cream in until only a thin sheen of it was
left to indicate his creaming. 

As he moved round the chair to start work on her left breast she reached up to
the bulge in his tight underpants and examined the shape of his throbbing penis
with her fingers.

" This must be the lack of control that the nurses have complained about." she
said with a slight smile. " If you perform well, I might overlook it this time."

Again, Stewart felt like the mouse to Miss James's cat in this cruel game. Once
again she had emphasised to him how she was to be the judge, jury and
executioner to him that night. When he had finished the other breast he stood to
attention in front of her.

"Not bad, not bad at all." she said and his spirits rose. You score 100% on both
of those tasks, so, let's see...one more task for you assessment. If you do
really well you will be home and dry." Standing up she then gave the order: "
Now remove my skirt".

Stewart, with more confidence, unclipped the fastenings on the grey uniform
skirt, then the vertical zipper and lowered it to the floor where the wardress
stepped clear. She towered above him, naked to the waist and wearing just a
tight pair of white panties, a suspender belt and black stockings. As he stood
she moved closer until her breasts were pressing against her bare chest. She
rocked from side to side so the mounds rolled against him.

"Now for the final task of your assessment. A simple cleaning job that even you
should have no problem with. Kneel down." Slowly she turned round so that his
face was level with her large firm buttocks. Her panties had wedged into the
buttock crease and allowed her black pubic hair to protrude either side. Slowly
she reached back, pulled the back of the panties down to her thighs and then
leant forward, legs apart and her hands on her knees thrusting her buttock
crease into his face. Even before he had inhaled Stewart was made all too aware
of the scent of the unwashed anal cleft. The wardress's position partially
parted the buttocks revealing her dense black anal hair and her puckered brown
anus.

" What are you waiting for Boy?." she snapped." Get cleaning!"

Tentatively, Stewart extended his tongue and touched it against the top of the
furrow and started to lick. As he moved his tongue downward he started to taste
the mixture of sweat and secretions that had scented earlier. Only the fear of
the strap kept his tongue pressed hard into the flesh. The further down he
licked the thicker and coarser became the anal hair until even with his tongue
fully extended it brushed against his lips and teeth. Loose hairs found their
way into his mouth as he continued to lick slowly downwards.

His eyes were closed as he fought against the temptation to rebel, to refuse to
obey the order, to tell Miss James that she needed to wash. Suddenly, his tongue
touched wrinkled puckered skin. He forced himself to ignore the smell and taste
and licked even harder with the tip of his tongue pressing hard against the very
centre of her anus. Having almost scrubbed the area with his tongue he moved his
head back and took a deep breath of fresh air.

Miss James stood upright, pulled up her panties, and turned round to look down
at him.

" Not too bad for a first attempt, so, what shall I award you for that effort ?"
she asked. " Lets say...80%, now that makes two times 70 add two times 100 add
80, divide by 5,...it comes to...just 84%..not a bad score at all. Now what did
I say the pass mark was...?"

" 85% Madam " replied Stewart with a sinking heart, hoping that he had just
scraped in but knowing that he had not.

" Oh dear, so very close." she said with a condescending smile. " Are you hoping
that I might forget the missing 1% or possibly reduce the punishment for your
failure?" she asked. "Not a hope boy, you are now in for ten hard ones with that
strap. Get it for me NOW!"

The trap had sprung, as he always knew it would. Shaking, Stewart went to the
table and picked up the punishment strap. It felt even heavier and more rigid
than before. Holding it in both hands he handed it to the Wardress and following
the implied instruction from her eyes, resumed his position kneeling at her feet
and looked up at her face that appeared between her naked swinging breasts.

" You seem determined to learn the hard way don't you boy." she said with a
sneer. " You are now about to learn just how hard I can lay this strap on.
Believe me, I intend that you are really going to feel this. Perhaps then you
will have a little more respect for females in authority over you and will also
have more incentive to obey my orders to the full. Remove your underpants."

Stewart obeyed and returned to the attention position. She casually glanced down
at his semi-erect penis and then moved round behind him and stroked his buttocks
with her fingertips and then gently stoked the area with the strap several
times.

On her orders he followed her into the bedroom for his punishment.
 

To be continued.




Chapter 12.

Miss James led him to the waist high examination table. The far end of it was
pressed against the wall with a large mirror positioned to it's left. It was a
solid sturdy piece of equipment that Miss James informed him was on loan from
the punishment centre for his "benefit". He was told to stand at the end with
his feet apart and placed on footrests. She quickly fastened his ankles to the
bottom of the uprights with two padded ankle-cuffs. Next he was told to lean
forward at an angle of 45 degrees from the waist resting his weight on his
elbows. More restraints were produced and his arms and wrists were soon fastened
to the leather top near the table edges. He realised that movement to avoid the
strokes would be impossible and that the most he could do was raise and lower
his upper torso. 

He noticed the stained and marked leather realising that it had been witness to
years of suffering by the female prisoners. Whether the stains were caused by
sweat, tears or bodily fluids he had no idea, and right now, was too frightened
to speculate.

Miss James produced a short strap with a leather pad. " I have no intention of
allowing you to disturb my neighbours during this beating, so you will have to
wear this gag. It's the one that the female prisoners under punishment wear. I'm
afraid it's still rather damp and its certainly well chewed, most of them seem
to dribble somewhat when being hurt".

The soggy leather wedge was pushed into his mouth and the strap secured tightly
behind his head. He bit down on the soft damp leather as countless female
prisoners must have done just before they were punished. At this point the
terrible inevitability of his situation really struck home. Unable to move,
unable to even ask for help, he was totally at the mercy of the wardress.

"As this is a formal punishment, I will be wearing my uniform hat as you will
see in the mirror. That and the fact I am clearly a female should do much to
emphasise that this is a punishment by a female in authority, which seems to be
what your problem is". Behind him in the mirror Stewart watched as Miss James
slipped on her uniform knee boots, black gloves and carefully placing her
uniform hat on her head, picked up the tawse and stood behind him.

Dressed as she was with her large naked breasts swinging and nodding as she
moved and holding the heavy tawse held in her right hand, she would strike fear
in most hearts. To the secured male prisoner Stewart, she looked simply
terrifying and the very embodiment of female authority.

" Male prisoner 477 Stewart. You are to receive ten strokes of the tawse across
your naked buttocks. They will be delivered at one minute intervals. Is that
understood?". Miss James intoned. Stewart nodded and grunted "Yes Madam "
through his gag.

The wardress stood back, raised the tawse back over her shoulder and then, with
all her might, brought it down across Stewarts buttocks with a long "swoosh"
ending in a dull "thwuck" as it impacted across the top of his buttocks.

Stewart was driven into the table by the force of the blow but felt no pain for
a second or two. Then the scorching heat of the impact reached his brain and he
lurched against the straps groaning softly to himself.

He could clearly see the dial of the large clock. As the second hand moved to
near the top, Miss James placed her feet wide apart, braced herself, raised the
tawse and on the instant it reached the top, brought it down. This time there
was hardly any delay. As the tawse struck just below the previous stroke, the
agonising blaze of pain hit him. Despite the gag the breath was knocked out of
him. Unfortunately for Stewart he was still leaning on the bench with his
buttocks taut when the third stroke lashed across his defenceless nates. He had
learnt the hard way that relaxed muscles are less receptive to pain.

Miss James laid on the heavy tawse for the fourth and fifth strokes, the latter
slashing across the sensitive skin at the join between the thighs and his
buttocks. The pain was unbelievable. Each stroke caused him to catch his breath
and he had hardly started moaning into the gag before the next arrived. She
moved to his side to check that his wrist and arm straps were still secure. A
thin sheen of sweat covered her breasts and she could be heard breathing heavily
with the exertion.

All too soon the flogging re-commenced with one across the top of his buttocks.
No wonder she had checked his straps. The pain seemed to be magnified three-fold
as the strap hit across previously wealed flesh.

She then worked methodically downwards, each stroke being delivered with a grunt
of exertion until the final vicious one lashed across the tops of his thighs.

Miss James casually examined the effects of her beating by running her
fingertips over the weals on his throbbing agonized nates. Satisfied she moved
to the top of the punishment table and sat, legs wide apart across it facing her
victim. Stewart, slumped in his straps looked up at her. She was still breathing
heavily, her magnificent damp breasts lifting up and down. She reached behind
his head and unfastened the strap levering the wet gag out of his mouth. She
supported his chin looking into his eyes.

" If you think that hurt my boy, wait 'till you have to take the cane from me.
The sooner you accept my total authority over you and learn to obey my every
order, the sooner you will avoid such punishments. I want you now to examine me
closely as the pain subsides so that you fully equate my presence with your
discipline". Stewart looked up at the hard face under the uniform hat, the
muscular arms, the huge breasts with large nipples and the splayed thighs with
the panty crotch stretched across her pubic mound. He could smell her sweat and
crotch scents. She inched closer to him so that her thighs were resting on his
hands.

" You will now show me respect. You will first suck each nipple and then kiss my
crotch". Stewart leant forward and suckled her right nipple. It felt cold and
rubbery but soon started to swell and erect under his tongue. Next he sucked her
left nipple with as much reverence as he could muster. Finally, in an act of
total subservience, he bent down and gently kissed the panty crotch. The scent
of a sexually aroused female combined with the acrid smell of dried urine was
almost overpowering but he pressed his lips and tongue against the soiled panty
crotch feeling the dense pubic hair under the thin white material.

Suddenly, Miss James leapt off the bench and started to unstrap Stewart. He was
then told to lie face up along the top. From a drawer Miss James produced a pair
of stirrups attached to a wide leather strap and slid this under Stewart's waist
fastening the clips on the strap to the sides of the bench.

"It's time for a riding lesson boy" she announced. "I have no intention that you
should enjoy this," she said grasping his semi-erect penis and pulling down on
the foreskin to expose the head. "So I will be applying some cream that the
doctor has given me. I understand that its rather uncomfortable". She massaged
the cream from a tube all around Stewarts glans. It seemed to be some form of
heat treatment and began to burn an itch causing him to harden.

Next she covered the penis with a thick de-sensitising condom that would ensure
that little, if any sensation could be felt. Finally she grasped a long thin
riding quirt in her right hand and, placing her right foot in the stirrup,
lifted herself in the air and stood, standing in the "saddle" above him. Still
holding the quirt she grasped the penis. Having engaged it between her sex lips
she slowly lowered herself to the riding position sitting on Stewart's pelvis.
Despite the stinging irritant and the thick condom Stewart felt the sensuous
warmth and slippery grip of her sex as it engulfed him.

"The rules are very simple." She said. "You will maintain you erection and you
will not, under any circumstances, ejaculate. If you follow these orders I will
be well pleased with you, if you do not I will thrash you with this riding whip.
Do you understand?"

"Yes Madam". 

Miss James commenced to ride. Slowly at first, levering her considerable bulk up
and down on Stewart so that his penis was gently squeezed and pumped. Soon,
however, as her excitement mounted, she changed from the walk to the trot and
finally to the gallop. Stewart was in an agony of fear. The irritant cream
ensured his erection but the condom, however thick could not insulate him from
the exquisite sensations of his penis as the sex of the wardress slid up and
down his shaft with increasing grip and feeling every second. By now the sour
face under the uniform hat had changed to a face of animal lust with her teeth
bared and eyes wide. She was sweating heavily. The huge pendulous breasts were
bouncing up and down and slapping against her ribs. Stewart fought against the
overwhelming need to ejaculate, desperately forcing his mind to other thoughts,
other places. Trying to ignore the succulent slippery shaft that moved up and
down the penis, the thick pubic patch slamming into his pelvis then lifting
away.

Suddenly, with a bellow of seeming agony from the wardress, the pace slowed and
she stopped leaning breathlessly, panting and dropping sweat on to her victim.
Stewart, thankful that he had retained control and not ejaculated, lay
motionless, awaiting the next order.

After a few minutes Miss James dismounted leaving Stewart's condom clad penis
exposed. She leant over and slowly pulled the rubber free. "Well done boy!" she
said as if he were a dog. "Excellent self-control...so you won't need a taste of
the crop. That's all the duties I have for you tonight so get dressed and get
yourself back to the guardroom for the night".

As quickly as he could Stewart dressed and let himself out of the apartment. The
fresh weals from the strapping made even walking painful, but gritting his teeth
he marched towards the main entrance. It was dark, he was tired and in pain he
came to attention in front of the duty Sergeant.

Within seconds he was pushed into 

To be continued.




Chapter 13.

Stewart was woken to the usual Guardroom routine at 6am. Firstly he was ordered
to strip and was then marched to the guardroom toilet block by a young
policewoman. She casually leant against the wall watching as he used the
doorless toilet and cleaned himself. Next he was ordered into the shower where
the girl turned on the high power blast of hot water for his shower and threw
him a bar of coarse domestic soap. Even the gentle application of lather to his
bruised and wealed buttocks provoked an agony of stinging . Finally she turned
the temperature to full cold and literally blasted the soap off his quivering
body. 

After drying himself on a hard towel he was marched back to his cell and allowed
to dress in his uniform denims. He had just finished the surprisingly appetising
breakfast when the policewoman returned to his cell and, unlocking the door
ordered him out.

"They have finally allocated you to one of the training groups," she informed
him. "You are to report to Miss Kenton in block 15. She is the Assistant
Wardress in charge of that group and you will be one of her charges. You are to
wait outside her office and she will call you in". Stewart marched smartly out
of the cell, through the main door and following the clearly marked signs to
block 15.

It was one of several such wide, single storey blocks that were built in neat
rows next to what seemed to be a parade ground. The corridor was at the side of
the block and ran almost it's entire length. To the right were doors, on each of
which was a signboard. The one at the end was labelled "Punishment Room". The
others were "Dormitory", "Latrine", "Showers", "Laundry" and near the entrance
door, " Wardress in Charge". Here Stewart waited, standing at attention with his
back to the wall.

Several female prisoners appeared, darting from door to door. They were dressed
in the regulation schoolgirl type blouse, tie and skirt and were obviously
preparing for the start of work. The door to the office was none too thick and
Stewart was suddenly aware of a raised female voice the other side. Suddenly the
door opened and out rushed a tall thirty-year-old female with her fair hair in a
ponytail. As she marched away down the corridor she looked back over her
shoulder. 

"Don't just stand there idiot, knock on the door". She exclaimed. Nervously
Stewart did just that. After a short pause came the command "Enter".

As he marched in and came to attention in front of a large desk, Stewart saw
Miss Judith Kenton for the first time sitting in her office chair. She was in
her very early twenties, around 5' 10'' and still carrying the puppy fat of
youth. Her long fair hair was swept back in a formal roll at the back of her
head. She had a handsome symmetrical face with large blue eyes, thick eyebrows
and full lips with just a hint of lipstick. She was dressed in the standard
uniform with her short sleeved shirt pulled tight across her breasts. Her hat
and jacket hung on a rack in the corner of the room.

"Allow me to introduce myself boy", she said in a cultured well-spoken voice. "
I have just been appointed to this job straight out of Wardress Training
College. I was educated at a leading private school for girls. I have a first
class degree from a top university, which marks me out for rapid promotion, and
it is essential to my career that I make a resounding impression as early as
possible. Putting it simply, I intend, by the end of the months training, to
produce the most obedient and disciplined group that this prison has ever seen.
You are an oddity in being the one male amongst the 11 females but you will all
receive the same treatment. That treatment will be severe, strict and at times
brutal until I have achieved the standard that I require. I expect your total
and absolute obedience to my every order and to those of any staff member. You
will obey my every command. You will question nothing. I shall not hesitate to
punish you myself or to have you punished by other staff members as may be
necessary. As the only male in the prison you will be exposed to the constant
presence of naked or near naked females. I have read your file particularly the
complaints about your inability to control yourself in such situations and I
will be paying particular interest to you in that respect. There are rules here
governing what is acceptable when it comes to punishing prisoners. You are at
liberty to appeal against the actions of any staff member��but I would not
advise it. I can and will punish you on a whim and you would be well advised to
accept this. Do I make myself understood?"

"Very clear Miss." Replied Stewart.

"Good. A little test of you obedience to my authority will now take place.
Remove your shirt and lay face down on this desk with your arms at your sides."
Puzzled, Stewart did as ordered and lay with his face to the left. Miss Kenton
stood up and moved into his view. Slowly she unhitched the strap from her belt.
She raised it high over her shoulder and brought it slashing down across his
defenceless shoulders with a load thwack. He tried not to flinch but the second
caught him in the same place and he had to fight to keep in position. He
expected the third to be the last but the strap was raised and brought down a
further four times, all across the same gathering red band of shoulder flesh.
Having replaced the strap on her belt she lay her head on the desk only inches
from the grimacing face of her victim. She stared into his eyes as they flinched
against the pain she had just inflicted. He could smell her breath as she waited
for his reactions to subside.

" How many strokes am I allowed to inflict with this strap Stewart?" She
whispered. Clenching his fists with the pain he replied "Just three Miss". ��And
how many strokes have you just received, should anyone ask?" "Three Miss" he
said hoping that this was what she wanted to hear.

"Splendid, splendid. I sure that we will work well together boy. You may stand.
Have you anything to say?"

Catching his breath Stewart stood to attention. " Thank you for my punishment
Miss".

As soon as he had replaced his shirt over his smarting shoulders he was told to
follow her. Moving down the corridor she turned into the room marked
"Dormitory". Inside the room was subdivided into small cubicles that had curtain
screens to the room. In each cubicle there was a bed, a chair, a bedside table
and a tall wardrobe with shelves and a hanging rail. The eleven girls in the
squad were milling about but snapped rapidly to attention at the entrance of
Miss Kenton.

" This male is 477 Stewart who is the new member of the squad. It may be unusual
to have a male member but you will have to make the best of it. I can assure you
that he will be treated in exactly the same way with no favours in either
direction. It's now 0850 so you will be on parade outside in ten minutes. Carry
on".

"Yes Miss" came the chorus of obedience. Stewart looked at his fellow prisoners
and they looked at him. The females were all ages between eighteen and thirty
something. They were of all shapes and sizes. One tall girl with short hair was
black, another slim small girl Chinese and the rest European. A short, large
breasted, fair-haired girl of about 25 came over to him.

"Welcome to the hell squad Stewart, my name is Daley, we only use surnames in
this place. All your uniform kit has been placed in your locker. You should be
acceptable dressed like that as it's a lecture first and then we have to come
back here as we have been given a "Group" between ten and twelve am. ".

Seeing his surprise at the mention of the word "group" she said that some of
them had fouled up on a test of the rules the previous day. Miss Kenton had been
furious and said that they would all have to suffer a group punishment as they
were called. It would be inflicted in the punishment room and would bound to be
a fairly severe strapping at the least. Stewart groaned and explained that he
had just had one and his buttocks hurt like hell. Daley said that she had had a
formal with the tawse only two days ago and she knew how he felt��but a sentence
was a sentence. All they could do was to take it without question otherwise the
rules of group punishments meant that they could all have the punishment
increased.

"Look Stewart, we are all in our first week here and we have around another six
months ahead of us. It's just bad luck that we have been put in charge of a
wardress who is out to make a name for herself. The thought of being totally
under the control of that stuck-up bitch makes me furious, but there is no way
out, we just have to learn to submit. All we can do is to stick together, keep
our heads down and hope for the best. Oh, that is your cubicle over there. We
have already stowed all your uniform and kit that they sent over, Grab the black
book on "Rules and Regulations" off the shelf and get outside with the rest of
us.

Once outside the block the squad formed two ranks of six prisoners and, on the
command of Daley who had been appointed senior prisoner, marched a short
distance to a modern two story block that contained the lecture rooms. They were
soon standing by the side of one of the twelve desks in the austere schoolroom
awaiting the arrival of the lecturer.

Next to the blackboard was the clock. It had a large dial with clear hands and a
second hand that swept round and looked a replica of all the other clocks that
Stewart had noticed in every room at the Correctional Centre. He surmised that
they were all slaved to a central timepiece. At the split instant the time
showed 0900 in paced their lecturer Mrs West. On her command to sit they all sat
down on the hard stools that stood behind each desk. Stewart winced with pain as
his tender nates touched the hard wooden seat and glancing to his left saw a
similar expression on Daley's face.

"Today we continue the lecture on the rules and regulations of the centre". Said
Mrs West. She had previously been employed as a teacher at one of the local
schools where she had been driven to distraction by the poor levels of
discipline, rudeness and disinterest in learning that her previous students had
displayed. She was around fifty years old, of average height with a slim ramrod
figure and grey hair pulled back in a bun. She had never been known to strap or
hit a girl but never hesitated to put a recalcitrant on report for any offence.
All she had to do in her new job was to raise one eyebrow to reduce some naughty
student to a trembling apologetic listener.

"Unfortunately several of you received poor marks in the end of class test. I
understand that you will all be receiving a small correction for that at the end
of this lecture. I do hope that I do not have any further complaints with your
work today. Open your books to Section 5, dress regulations. You, the new boy".
She said looking at Stewart. "You will now stand and read the section on
underwear regulations."

Nervously Stewart stood and started to read aloud. 

"Underwear: Rule 15/ 1. All female underwear will be spotlessly clean at all
times and of the approved style. No excuses will be offered or accepted for any
marks or wearing non-prison issue. All members of staff may carry out spot
checks and must report any offences to the girl's supervisor".

"15/2. Panties: Only the regulation white prison issue bikini type panties will
be worn. A size will be issued that ensures a tight fit around the crotch and
above the hips. The material to the seat will be tight and narrow. It will be
accepted that the material will crease, wrinkle and rollup into the buttock
cleft. A clean pair will be worn every morning after showering and it will be
the prisoner's responsibility to maintain a high standard of personal
cleanliness that will ensure the panties remain clean until their removal at
night. Note rule 1 on spot checks".

"15/3a. Brassieres: Only the regulation white prison issue brassieres will be
worn. The purpose of this garment is to preserve modesty not provide support.
Irrespective of the size of the prisoner's breasts they will be of a lightweight
three-quarter cup style with thin shoulder supports and back strap. The size
issued will be such that cups are slightly smaller than ideal. 

15/3b Brassieres: A display type of brassiere will also be issued and will be
worn at the discretion of the wardress in charge. This is of a half-cup wired
style and will lift, separate, and present the breasts whilst leaving the entire
upper breast, nipple and aureole exposed. 

They will be changed every other day. Bras will not be worn during any form of
physical training. Under no circumstances is a girl to wear any other form of
bra including a sports bra or support bra and prisoners are warned that such an
offence will merit a BRD. (Breast related Demerit). Note rule 1 on spot checks
which also attract B.R.D's."

"15/4.Modesty belts: From time to time female prisoners may be ordered to wear a
modesty belt. This is to leave her when naked, fully exposed for any punishment
without the added humiliation of having her genitals displayed. It consists of a
thin waistband above the hips with a white crotch strap tapering from four
inches at the top of the pubis to one and a half inches in the crotch and then
three-quarters of an inch over the anus. A thin cord will connect the belt to
the waistband at the rear. It is not the intention of this garment to obscure
pubic hair, only the vulva and anus. Note rule 2 (Panties) regarding cleanliness
and rule 1 on spot checks".

Stewart read on for a full ten minutes covering the stockings to be worn and so
on. Eventually he was told to stop and sit down and the first test started.
Multiple choice questions were projected of the screen from the overhead
projector. On each desk there were three buttons, A, B and C. Miss West would
call out the question number and the prisoners would select which answer they
believed to be correct. Any incorrect answers were recorded on a small computer
built into Miss West's desk. 

Some were easy such as " Panties must be changed -a, daily. b, weekly. c, every
other day. " 

However, others required more thought, such as: "Stockings will be of a length
that a, 5-6". b) 4-5". c) 4-6". of thigh will remain uncovered between the top
of the stocking and the lower part of the crotch. Stewart remembered correctly
that it was 4-6" but was one of the few that did. Fortunately all the class
managed to pass the required mark of 85% and so were safe from another
punishment.

"My word," said Mrs West, "Just look at the time. You will just have time to get
over to the block if you hurry. If only you had got good marks yesterday you
wouldn't be up for punishment today. Still," she added with a frosty smile," I'm
sure that these punishments don't hurt too much! I shall follow you over there.
Class Dismiss".

As quickly as they could, the squad formed ranks and jogged over to their block.
Several of the girls complained that they needed to visit the latrines but the
others, aware that they were already late pushed them past that door and towards
the one at the end of the building. They just had time to put the books away
before they clattered into the punishment room, standing in a row along the back
wall rigidly at attention, breathing heavily. They were only just in time.

To be continued.




Chapter 14.

It was Stewart's first time in the large, bleak and cold punishment room. There
was a high ceiling and the walls were painted a clinical white with no windows.
The floor was wood block that had been polished to a shine by successive groups
of female prisoners working on cleaning duties. The lack of windows was made up
for by the bright overhead lights that illuminated the room like day. There were
several items of furniture that were obviously designed for the restraint of
prisoners under punishment. They included a form of vaulting horse with ominous
straps, a set of wall bars and a plain wooden trestle across which was fixed a
strange saddle device.

On a rack hanging from the wall was a range of leather straps, paddles and three
long straight canes with leather handgrips. As Stewart would later learn, none
of the implements matched the ones in the main punishment room for weight and
severity but they were all more than capable of inflicting pain. A small
collection of what seemed to be stainless steel clips hung from another rack.

The door burst open and in marched Miss Kenton accompanied by two Senior
Wardresses. All were in full uniform with hats and boots. Stewart had not seen
either of the Senior Ladies before. Both were in their thirties, heavily built
with dull, somewhat ugly faces. Next, in came Mrs West and a younger lady that
they later found out was another of the teachers. They sat down in the seats
marked "Witness". Finally a young nurse entered carrying a tray covered in green
cloth which she placed on a table next to the horse. Miss Kenton stepped
forward.

"You have all been found guilty of an offence under the Correctional Centre rule
23/4 in that six of you in the group failed to apply sufficient effort in class.
As a result you will all now undergo a group punishment of 6 strokes of the cane
across your buttocks. It will be inflicted by the two Senior Wardressses that
you see before you."

A gasp of horror went through the squad at the announcement that they were to be
caned. No one had experienced this as yet, but they had all heard how the cane
was the most feared form of correction at the Centre. For both Daley and Stewart
the sentence would be particularly brutal as their buttocks were still wealed
and bruised from the strap. Miss Kenton continued:

"As this is a relatively light sentence I have asked these two ladies to make it
as effective as possible by concentrating the strokes over a small area at the
bottom quarter of your buttocks." At this the two wardresses each chose a cane
from the wall rack flexed it through ninety degrees and gave it a practice swish
through the air. Stewart could not see how this could possibly be fair as he
wasn't in the squad when the offence was committed. Summoning his courage he
blurted out:

"Please Miss Kenton, I wasn't in the squad yesterday. Can I ask that I be
excused punishment?" 

Miss Kenton calmly whispered a comment to each of the senior wardresses and they
nodded their assent.

"Step forward Stewart" she said pointing to a spot on front of the staff.
Stewart moved forward and stood at attention. The first senior wardress slowly
moved close to him and suddenly slapped first one cheek of his face and then the
other with back of her gloved hand. Before he could collect his thoughts the
other did the same and finally, with his ears ringing and his cheeks aflame,
Miss Kenton slapped his face twice with even greater force causing him to
stumble.

"How dare you boy", she shouted. "You never..never..NEVER��question my order. I
shall now increase your punishment . You will receive nine strokes of the cane
and, " looking at the two cane wielding wardresses, " I trust that you will lay
them on HARD!" 

Both of them assured her of their every effort as they started to prepare by
removing their jackets, slipping off their ties and rolling up the sleeves on
their uniform shirts. 

Even the least caring of the girls present started to feel sorry for Stewart,
but their sympathy was short lived when Miss Kenton casually reminded the other
two wardresses that this was a group punishment.

" So naturally, all of the prisoners qualify for the full nine strokes." said
the taller of the two.

" Indeed they do Madam. Under the rules for "group" punishment there is no
alternative." said Miss Kenton." It does mean you laying on ��let's see��fifty
four strokes each, but there is of course no alternative". There was an audible
gasp from the female prisoners as they realised that Stewart had just had their
flogging increased. They all fought back the temptation to complain, to rebel
against their vicious wardress and mentally started to prepare themselves for
the coming ordeal.

The first order was from Miss Kenton was to form a line. Daley was to be first
across the horse and last would be Stewart. Then they were all told strip to
their underwear, stockings and shoes. Within seconds neat piles of uniforms were
left on a table and the shivering girls of various ages and sizes were in line
with Stewart at the end. Several of the girls still bore the fading bruises from
Miss Kenton's "welcome" strap across their shoulders under their bras. The nurse
then uncovered her tray and produced a large cotton wool swab which she soaked
in a solution for one of the bottles.

"Panties off, bend over with legs wide and grasp your ankles" she ordered. All
twelve prisoners immediately complied. Glancing up Stewart saw the nurse move
down the line swabbing each set of buttocks and thighs. When she reached him she
vigorously and painfully rubbed his sore nates with particular emphasis to his
anal cleft. Then she reached between his legs and gave his scrotum an
uncomfortable rub as the tops of his legs were cleaned.. The solution must have
been alcohol based as it soon evaporated leaving cold flesh and a smell of
antiseptic behind. She then took the canes from the wardresses and carefully ran
the canes through the swab before handing them back.

The squad was ordered back to attention and in line with the back of each
prisoner pressed to the back of the one in front. The command for Daley to mount
the horse was given. She moved forward wearing only a tight regulation bra,
stockings and shoes to lay over the horse. A bolster was positioned under her
pelvis to raise the buttocks. Her arms were positioned along the flat top of the
horse at shoulder width parallel to the sides. They were then secured with
velcro straps at the wrist and top of the forearm so that she was leaning on
them with her body at forty five degrees. Next her ankles were pulled apart and
her feet lifted up and fitted into adjustable footrests with the ankles secured
in two other velcro straps. This had the effect of placing her legs a slightly
squatting position that parted her anal cleft and exposed her labia to view. She
was slightly overweight and her position on the horse left her chubby buttocks
and thighs rather slack. The effects of her recent strapping were appallingly
displayed. From the base of her spine to the tops of her black uniform stockings
was a mass of wide stripes that were still red around the edges but had turned
blue and brownish green in places. Casually the nurse leant over her and, with a
medical marker pen, drew a horizontal line a little over a quarter way up the
buttocks from the sulcus with her thighs and from one side of the ample seat to
the other. She then positioned the pen as directed by Miss Kenton so that a
second line was drawn one inch down the thighs. Finally, she collected a wedge
shaped leather gag from her tray, placed it in Daley's mouth and tightened the
straps at the back of the prisoner's head. The room was in total silence save
for the whimpering sounds from the horsed female
 

To be continued.




Chapter 15.

The wardress moved into position to the left of the victim and finally the order
came from Miss Kenton.

"Nine strokes of the cane. Commence punishment Madam in your own time if you
please."

The cane was raised over the wardresses shoulder and brought down with a loud
swish across the top of the girls thighs. A white line marked the spot but
quickly changed to red as the second stroke hit across the lower buttocks with a
loud "Thwick". Despite the arm and ankle straps Daley showed that her position
on the horse permitted some vertical movement as she reacted to the pain and she
stood up against the footrests lifting her pelvis clear of the bolster.
Unfortunately this had the effect of tightening the flesh over the target area.
The third stroke seemed to be even more painful and was received by a muffled
yell from her gagged mouth as she slumped back onto the horse.

She did her best to remain down with the buttocks relaxed but by the fifth
stroke across her already bruised nates she could not control her actions and
simply threshed up and down as the strokes continued to fall around every five
seconds . Eventually the ninth stroke slashed home across the thin band of
swelling ridges. The nurse removed the saliva soaked gag and the straps were
undone so that the sobbing girl could dismount. She was then ordered to stand
against the wall in the present position facing outwards. Even the small relief
of rubbing her weals was denied to her.

The next girl ordered forward was a heavily built black girl with short afro
hair.She mounted the horse without hesitation and was soon secured, marked and
gagged. The second senior wardress moved into position and with a nod from Miss
Kenton commenced the flogging. She did not spare her victim putting considerable
force into each stroke. Each was taken with only a short grunt of pain and
minimal movement. Her skin marked less than the previous girl and the nine
strokes were soon over, each taken with remarkable stoicism. She displayed no
emotion or even distress as she was unstrapped and told to stand next to Daley.

A short fat fair-haired female in her late thirties was next. Her large soft
breasts were scarcely contained by her uniform bra. As she was secured her inner
labia could be clearly seen and the semi-squat position left her podgy vulva
gaping and open between the pubic hairs. Her plump mottled buttocks seemed even
wider now that she was stripped and her flabby stomach covered rather than
rested on the bolster.

The first senior wardress wiped her cane carefully on the antiseptic swab. She
looked down at her secured victim with almost a look of boredom on her face. On
the nod of command from Miss Kenton she brought the cane swishing down across
the large yielding seat midway between the marker lines. The cane seemed to be
swallowed by the soft flesh with a dull "thwuck" and as it sprang free the girl
screamed loudly into the wet gag. As the flogging progressed the girl made
considerable efforts to free herself but only managed to present the audience
with an even more lewd display of bouncing bra encased breasts, overweight flesh
and exposed genitalia. Eventually the bra strap over the left shoulder gave way
under the strain and snapped. The huge soft breast fell free and bounced flopped
and swung as the prisoner moved under the cane. Following the final stroke the
wardresses allowed a period of several minutes to elapse before she stopped
threshing in her straps and had calmed down enough to be released.

The floggings continued without respite, pity or mercy. The line of thrashed,
sobbing girls at the "present" grew longer against the wall. The girl directly
in front of Stewart was brought forward leaving him standing alone. To his
embarrassment the whole room could now see his fully erect member but for the
time being it was ignored as the trembling female was ordered on to the horse.
She was around thirty, tall slim with small pert breasts and fair hair in a pony
tail. Stewart was given the usual display of crotch as she was secured and noted
how thick her pubic hair was and how it gave some covering to her feminine
assets.

She continued to shake with fear and as she was marked up by the nurse, and
begged for mercy from the unsympathetic wardress, who busied herself wiping the
cane ready for it's next victim. The begging continue until the dripping wet gag
was forced between her teeth and strapped tight behind her head.

The thrashing was no worse and no gentler than all her sisters had endured but
seemed to cause her more pain. Her muffled screams could be heard despite the
leather gag and her vertical leaps up and down on the horse were more violent
than any other girl. The fourth slash of the cane landed across a previous
stroke as she lay with the leather bolster pressing against her lower stomach .
Suddenly, she lost control of her bladder, and a strong stream of urine gushed
from her . Undeterred by this the wardress continued to thrash her even as the
flow poured over the horse and pooled on the floor. Finally the flogging was
over and she was unstrapped and led over to stand with the others, dripping and
shaking.

"Stewart, come forward". Ordered Miss Kenton. Stewart stood in front of the
assembled staff and prisoners dressed only in his uniform shoes and knee socks.
He was desperately aware of his rock hard erection. Miss Kenton borrowed a cane
from one of the wardresses and lifted his penis even higher with the tip of it.

"So this is the behaviour that other staff members complain about in your file!
How interesting that seeing your fellow prisoners thrashed should cause this. I
wonder if it will still be hard after my colleagues here have flogged you?
During his flogging nurse, I would appreciate regular checks of his hardness if
you wouldn't mind". The young nurse smiled broadly and slipped on a pair of
latex gloves in readiness.

He was half pulled towards the caning horse and told to lift himself up the
sloping side. It was wet and slippery from the release of the previous occupant
and his legs and genitals were soon wet with the female urine. There was only
one difference in the way he was secured and that was his legs were allowed to
be closer so that the rear of his scrotum could not be caught by the cane tip.
Otherwise he was soon strapped into place. The slimy wet dripping gag that had
absorbed the screams and pleas of the females was pushed between his teeth and
fastened tightly. Finally, he felt the nurses gloved hand grasp his penis and
pulled his foreskin savagely back so that the exposed glans was free to chafe
against the wet leather. 

The first stroke caught him by surprise as it slashed down across the join
between his thighs and his buttocks. Even without the bruising it would have
been a scorcher but landing on tenderised flesh it felt like a burning wire
being held across him. Trying to control his movement he bit hard on the soggy
leather of the gag as had countless female prisoners when under the cane. The
second struck home above the first and despite the effort put into it by the
grunting wardress seemed mild in comparison. The third however indicated that
the lady had his range at last. It struck across his relaxed thigh tops and sunk
deep into the muscle before rebounding. As he lurched forward into the wet
leather of the horse he was only too aware that the chafing of his exposed penis
was helping to maintain his erection. He was even more aware when the nurse
grasped it firmly and squeezed , calling out over her shoulder to Miss Kenton
that he was still hard.

He heard a shuffle of booted feet as the wardress changed her position slightly
and then down came the fourth stroke rapidly followed by the fifth and six all
to the same area. He bit into the gag and his entire body became rigid as he
fought against the pain. He looked up at the row of beaten females, some still
sobbing and all staring at him with a dreadful fascination. He desperately tried
to stop his penis rubbing against the damp leather and scarcely felt the nurses
inquisitive fingers examining him. Her voice was dimly heard to say that the
cane seemed to be doing its job well and he was shrinking.

With a normal Correctional Centre caning the next three strokes would have been
routinely administered and taken. But as the wardresses knew, and Stewart would
soon find out, the entire area allocated for the infliction was now neatly
covered in weals laying on top of the bruises. Any further stroke, however
gentle would be sheer hell, and Senior Wardresses were not selected for their
gentleness. Indeed considerable skill would need to be exercised in laying on
the cane in case it broke the skin. Such an event would require a tiresome
postponement, to the staff at any rate, of the rest of the punishment. 

The cane was drawn back over the shoulder, a pause was taken for effect and the
instrument of discipline was brought down at a slight angle across the ridges so
that the overlay would have the maximum effect. Stewart felt the pain
immediately. It was the worst he had ever experienced in his life as he strained
against his straps and half screamed into the gag. She waited a full minute
before bringing the eighth stroke almost across the same line and suddenly, when
he wasn't expecting it, the ninth and final one came slashing in to his
sensitised flesh.

He was dimly aware of the nurse's hand and her laughing reference to his flaccid
member as the straps were unfastened and he was curtly ordered to his feet. He
desperately tried not to shake as he stood in full view of the previous victims
but his legs were stiff from the cane strokes at the top of his thighs as he
hobbled to stand in line at the "present".

"Turn round, face the wall, bend over and grasp your ankles" came the order.
There were gasps of pain as the females tried to bend fully despite the
seemingly shrunken skin over the punishment area. Stewart heard a prod being
unhitched from a belt and then a sharp click as the first shock was given
followed by a sharp scream of pain. "I said bend girl, not lean!" shouted Miss
Kenton as she moved down the line applying the prod to thighs, buttocks or
crotches as she thought fit.

The girl next to Stewart leapt up, as much as anyone can leap when trying to
grasp their ankles. Despite his best efforts to bend against the increased pain
in his thighs Stewart felt the tip of the prod engage against his testicles he
gave one last try to bend to the required degree but still the shock was
inflicted. It felt just like being stabbed, but amazingly it worked and he found
the strength to bend fully.

A dull pitiful moan came from the female at the far end of the line. The nurse,
a fresh swab in hand was fiercely swabbing down the punished areas with a strong
antiseptic. Of doubtful medicinal value, it was yet another example of how the
staff could bend every rule to cause the maximum anguish to their charges. The
moans and yelps spread down the line until Stewart felt first the blissful cold
of the coarse swab followed by the searing sting as the strong fluid soaked into
the throbbing skin.

After a five minute pause, with the victims struggling to remain bent over, they
were ordered to stand and then dress. Eventually they stood at attention in the
same position as they were before the floggings started. Miss Kenton stood in
front of them flexing one of the canes that had been used.

" That ladies and Stewart is just a small taste of how you can be disciplined
whilst you are at this Centre. If any of you doubt that, I can easily arrange
for you to receive a further nine strokes before you leave this room. " Her
question," Can I take it that this will not be necessary?" was greeted by an
enthusiastic chant of "Yes Miss".

She went on to explain that this was one of the lighter grade canes and a fairly
minimal punishment leaving them in no doubt as to her powers when it came to
"arranging" such events. 

"Well, that��s over for the time being." She went on " It is nearly time for
lunch, I do hope you all have hearty appetites. You are all dismissed, but
Stewart and Farrell are to report to me in my office at six pm. where we will
discuss a couple of incidents that displeased me during this punishment".

With sinking hearts both Stewart, and the girl who lost control under the cane,
knew that their problems were only just starting.

Unfortunately for Stewart and Farrell
 

To be continued.




Chapter 16.

On their release from the punishment room the squad went for lunch. Not
surprisingly their appetites were somewhat subdued as they sat uncomfortably at
the tables. The afternoon roster showed a Physical Training session from 1330 to
1500 and they soon congregated back at the accommodation block to change into
the appropriate dress.

Stewart was surrounded by naked females as they all stripped from their school
dress. Daley commented that she had no idea what would be considered correct for
a male, all Stewart could do was to see what the female prisoners were wearing
and try to find a male equivalent from his pile of clothing. The females dressed
in their panties, a short white pleated skirt and a thin tight sleeveless vest
pulled over their bare breasts that affixed to a band in the skirt waist with
velcro. Stewart was surprised to see that no one wore a bra, then he remembered
the rule that specifically banned their wearing during physical exercise. On
their feet they wore short white socks and white trainers. Stewart selected a
pair of short white shorts over his under pants, a white singlet vest and short
white socks and trainers.

Daley jogged the squad over to the gymnasium. It was a large warm room capable
of containing nearly a hundred female prisoners for exercise. The floor was of
sprung wood. There was a large clear area and to the far end of the room there
were rows of exercise machines. These included rowing devices, stationary
bicycles and treadmills. Three walls of the room were lined with full length
mirrors and the fourth long wall was covered in climbing bars. A smell of stale
girl-sweat hung in the air from previous groups of prisoners.

Daley had her squad line up facing the mirrored wall while they waited for the
arrival of the wardress. They stood in the "at ease" position, nervously eyeing
each other in their reflection. They snapped to attention as the door at the far
end burst open and in walked Miss Norville who was to be their trainer for the
session. She stood in front of them with her hands behind her back. She was aged
around 25 years, average height, a firm muscular body and pointed breasts with
very short fair hair. She was dressed in trainers and short socks, a short black
pleated skirt and a thin white cotton vest. Around her waist was the inevitable
symbol of her authority, a leather belt from which hung her strap and prodder.
She eyed them up and down. Even more ominously, before she had placed her hands
behind her back, the squad had all noticed that she was carrying a leather belt
arrangement in her left hand.

" A mixed class I see ", she said looking at Stewart. " This will be your first
session with me in charge so let me acquaint you with what I expect. I intend to
work you hard, very hard. A lack of basic fitness is not an acceptable excuse
for slacking. You will carry out every exercise to the limit of your stamina and
you will stop only, ONLY when I tell you to. I shall punish any lack of effort
immediately. Finally I would remind you that persistent lack of effort will
result in your being sentenced to a session of remedial PT which you will find
even more unpleasant. Whilst on the subject of unpleasantness, I have an
understrap here that one of you will be wearing on the orders of Miss Kenton.
Farrell, step forward!"

Farrell was made to drop her panties and raise her skirt in front of the whole
squad. Miss Norville quickly fastened the waist strap and reaching between her
legs, pulled up the crotch thong with its strategically placed knots and
fastened it to the elastic tab at the front so that it was tight into the labia
and crotch. This resulted in an audible gasp from the prisoner. She was then
ordered to replace her panties over the cruel device and take her place with the
rest.

The session started easily enough with a series of warm up exercises. The squad
bent stretched and waved their arms to the orders of their young gym mistress.
Then the real work started. The first exercise was running on the spot but they
had to raise their knees to waist height, requiring double the normal effort.
Miss Norville called out the time: "Up Up Up Up Up" every few seconds whenever
they slowed down in the slightest. Fortunately for Stewart he was in a
reasonable condition thanks to the weekly gym training he had taken when still a
free man. Looking in the mirror he could see that several of the squad would
soon be in real trouble. The short overweight girl he had noticed during the
group caning was already breathing hard and her unsupported breasts were
violently flopping up and down under the thin vest looking more like water
filled balloons and making her balancing very difficult. Her plump thighs were
pumping hard with her small white panties visible most of the time. All the
large breasted girls were grimacing as their boobs jiggled and bounced. 

When the wardress had demonstrated the exercise at the start it was obvious from
the restrained firmness of her breasts that she alone was wearing a bra, and
probably a firm support style one at that. The prisoner Farrell's breasts were
conveniently small and firm and caused her no distress with bouncing. However,
from the anguish on her face, the understrap was causing considerable discomfort
even at this early stage as her legs pumped up to the waist high position and
the leather thong and knots chafed her labia crotch and anus.

The order came to stop and the girls stood, breathing heavily. Miss Norville
quickly demonstrated a star jump with rebound followed by a legs together with
rebound and ordered the squad to start. The exercise seemed to be designed to
cause the maximum discomfort to the larger breasted prisoners. To the count
"and�� one�� two�� three�� four, one��two��three��four��" from the wardress, the
prisoners leapt up and down with their legs apart then together with their
breasts becoming more and more desynchronised from the rest of their body,
flopping and swinging, seemingly to their own exercise routine. Eventually the
first girl, a tall blonde, stopped jumping and stood, gasping for breath,
clutching her breasts protectively.

Miss Norville called "stop" and ordered the girl forward to stand at the
present. She calmly withdrew her prodder and walked over to the breathless
prisoner inserting the end of the rod into the right armhole of her vest until
it was firmly pressed into the underside of her breast. An almost inaudible
click from the rod was followed by a squeal of pain from the victim and a leap
into the air. Casually Miss Norville walked around her and repeated the shock to
the underside of the other breast with the same result. She then told her to
bend and grasp her ankles. She worked the tip of the prodder under the clenched
panties until it was pressing against her anus. This time the girl nearly fell
forward as the sweat damped anus conducted the shock. Finally, replacing the
prodder on her belt she unhitched her strap and laid three stingers, right
across the existing weals on the top of the prisoner's thighs before ordering
her back in line.

The exercise was resumed with even more vigour by the squad until the order to
"Stop" was given. All the prisoners were now sweating heavily with their vests
and panties feeling damp. Wet patches were starting to appear under their arms
and between their breasts and the smell of heavy exertion filled the hot room.
Unknown to the prisoners the room temperature was deliberately increased to
around ninety degrees during sessions to increase the level of physical
discomfort.

Without respite the exercises continued. Press-ups where the torso had to be
lowered until the breasts were squashed into the wooden floor, then lifted well
clear. The short fat girl had real problems with this and received the tip of
the prodder pushed down the front of her vest so that it was trapped under the
weight of one of her massive breasts. On the command "Up" Miss Norville
inflicted a shock, which had the overweight female positively leaping up to the
support position.

Next came the cycling. Lying on their backs with the thighs in the air supported
by their hands and elbows the legs were "cycled" at whatever speed took Miss
Norville's fancy. For poor Farrell this proved almost impossible, but after a
series of shocks from the prodder into her sore crotch, she found the necessary
control of her senses to "pedal" just as hard as the others did. Even harder
than the cycling was the exercise where they had to continue supporting their
buttocks in the air and slowly part their legs to the maximum; hold them there
for a count of ten, then slowly close for another count of ten. Stewart could
see several girls in the mirror either side of him. Their skirts were raised and
their white pantied crotches were fully spread to his gaze. Their thighs were
trembling with the strain and one girl tried to lower her legs before the count
to ten thus earning herself a prodder sting on each inner thigh.

A short break was granted halfway through the period that gave them all five
minutes to regain their breath. They were drenched in sweat, with their hair
damp and stringy as they stood around a water fountain drinking copious amounts
of iced water. Stewart was relieved to find himself amongst the fittest in the
group. The tall black girl was undoubtedly an athlete but the others were
already shattered and exhausted with the larger breasted girls in some
considerable discomfort with their sore mammaries. As for Farrell, as well as
the exhaustion she was suffering, it was obvious from her legs apart stance that
the understrap was living up to it's reputation as an instrument of great
discomfort to a female.

All too soon the break was determined to be over and the PT wardress recommenced
training the prisoners. Six were ordered on to the stairmaster exerciser and the
other six, including Stewart were told to mount the treadmills. All twelve
machines were started simultaneously and had soon accelerated to a fast pace.
Three of the runners, including Daly, were suffering almost immediately as the
jogging movement caused movement to their large breasts which joggled in time to
their feet hitting the moving pathway. Stewart glanced at the reflection of
Farrell who was on the stairmaster. Her screwed up face indicated that this was
not a pleasant exercise for a female who was under-strapped . The subdued
whirring of the machines continued with the only other sounds to be heard being
those of breathless females, pounding feet and frequent groans of pain and
discomfort.

The machines slowed and stopped. A sharp blast on the whistle and the prisoners
obediently changed places on the exercisers and the misery resumed. By now they
were all sweating heavily. Stewart's vest was damp but most of his female
prisoners were soaked. Their bare breasts were clearly visible through the thin
cotton of their tops and their nipples had all been chafed to erection by the
material of their vests. The air in the overheated gym was heavy with the raw
smell of sweat.

The female in the worst state was undoubtedly the short fat woman. Now pounding
her feet on the fast moving treadmill, she was past caring about the discomfort
caused by her breasts bouncing. Her face was running with sweat and eventually
she stumbled and fell. Instantly the belt was stopped and Miss Norville ordered
her first to her feet and then told her to lie face down on a leather bench.
While the other team members felt relief at this break for punishment, the girl
concerned, still gasping for breath, trembled and shook with fear as she waited
for the inevitable.

"This will be your last chance girl, any further slacking and you will be sent
for remedial PT which will make this session seem gentle." Miss Norville
intoned." As it is your legs that seem to be the problem, it will be your legs
that I shall hurt. Grip the top edge of the table with your hands and keep your
legs tight together."

The strap was unclipped from the wardresses belt and Miss Norville took up a
position to the left of the girls legs. She carefully lifted the skirt up to the
waist and then pulled the short socks down as far as she could. Each prisoner
speculated to himself or herself as to where the strap would fall. The tops of
the sweating podgy thighs would seem the most likely target. However, the strap
was raised and then brought whistling down over the centre of her plump calves.
The surprised prisoner bucked and yelped but held her position. Twice more the
strap fell in exactly the same part of the lower leg. Anyone present who doubted
the sensitivity of that art of a female's anatomy was soon disabused of the
belief by the twitching and moaning from the victim.

Following a pause of around a minute, Miss Norville announced that her second
punishment would now follow. Coldly and deliberately she brought the strap down
another three times, exactly over the rising weals from her previous assault.
Desperately the girl gripped the edge of the table. Her whole overweight body
wobbled as she tried to absorb the pain without moving her position. At one
point her feet lifted as her knees bent to protect her legs but mercifully Miss
Norville did not comment. The second that the last stroke of the tawse had
flattened her calf muscles, the squad was ordered back on to the treadmills and
the misery continued.

Eventually the time was up and the prisoners were allowed to dismount from the
equipment and form a line in front of the instructress. They stood at attention,
sweat running down their bodies and still fighting for breath.

" You may think that you have had a hard time today, but believe me, you will
soon learn that this has been an easy session." She said." Like it or not you
will be fitter under my tuition than you have ever been before. Next time I will
be paying particular attention to those of you who were caught slacking today
and the penalties will be severe. You have been warned. Farrell step forward."

Farrell was then told to drop her panties. Miss Norville casually undid the
waist strap of the device, unclipped the front fastening and moved to her rear.
She ordered Farrell to the attention position and her legs clamped together. We
could all see what was about to happen but could do nothing to help our fellow
prisoner. With one quick snatch she pulled the understrap free of her crotch and
between her legs causing a scream of pain from the poor girl. She handled the
wet leather at arms length as she dismissed the squad to their showers.

They all rushed into room and quickly stripped off. The females all groaned with
frustration when they removed their damp, sweat soaked panties.

"How in the hell can we hope to pass a spot inspection with these?" asked one."
When they dry with our body heat they will stink."

Daly took the lead and said that their only hope was to wash them with their
bodies in the shower, wring them dry as best they could and then hope against
hope that they wouldn't be checked before they had dried themselves. The other
items could be legitimately laundered that night. With that they all climbed
into the open shower cubicles and stood under the hot water as they washed the
sweat from their exhausted and aching bodies. 

To be continued.




Chapter 17.

Stewart and Farrell arrived outside Miss Kenton's office just before their
appointed time. It would be an understatement to suggest that they were nervous.
They both new full well that Miss Kenton in a good mood was a frightening person
to deal with but when she was understandably furious with their behaviour, they
would be in for some serious discipline.

Unknown to the prisoners on report, Miss Kenton had a visitor, Samantha
Reynolds. They had been firm friends since their school days and although
neither were confirmed lesbians by any stretch of the imagination, they had from
time to time experimented with each other. They were both strong-minded females
and neither accepted fools gladly. Samantha was slightly shorter but had the
same firm build and even larger breasts that had always been a source of
amusement between them. She was attractive rather than pretty with long dark
hair down to her shoulders. Unlike Miss Kenton who was dressed in uniform, she
wore a thin light blue woollen sweater and tight black slacks. Together they
represented the type of spoilt, pouting young girls that could be found at any
horse gymkhana striding around in jodhpurs waving riding crops in the air. She
had driven several hundred miles to the centre in response to Miss Kenton's
invitation to see how her career in the Prison Service was working out and
perhaps consider such a change of occupation for herself.

She had listened astounded to her friend's description of the level of power
that a female of her age could aspire to. She had seen the videos of the group
punishment earlier that day and the video from the gymnasium of the squad being
exercised. During the latter she found herself holding her breasts protectively
as she saw the effects of unsupported exercise. Now, incredibly, she was about
to partake in dealing with the two troublemakers that she had seen on tape.

"Just remember Sam, what I say goes with those two tonight. I can do with them
what the hell I like, so leave your inhibitions and feelings of compassion out
of this. I intend to have them both in our total power. We can punish or use
them as we wish and as you always did enjoy experimenting this could turn out to
be the night of a lifetime for you. It's my job to teach them total obedience
and that is what I intend to do. It's pretty unusual to have a male to
discipline as well as a female, but we can work that to our advantage." She
added with a smile. 

The incredulous Samantha asked what the limits were and was told that they would
be stretching the rules to the maximum but would offer the couple a way out of
their present predicament that they would be unable to refuse. Just then, on the
stroke of six there was a knock at the door.

On the command "Enter" the two prisoners marched in and came to attention in
front of the desk. Both were dressed in the "school" type clothes. They stood at
attention with the girl prisoner visibly quivering with fear. Miss Kenton sat
leaning back on her chair and, to their surprise, another young lady sat almost
next to her.

" I intend to teach you pair that the sort of behaviour you both displayed
during the group punishment will not be tolerated. " she started. " I could put
both of you on a formal charge and have you severely flogged for those offences
or I could be lenient and send you down to the guardroom for an informal
thrashing that would be almost as bad. However, having given the matter
considerable thought, I am prepared to deal with you myself��provided you agree
to my conditions. If you agree you will both spend around two hours with this
visitor and myself in the punishment room. You will accept whatever I inflict
without question even though it may be outside the rules for this place. You
will carry out any, and I emphasise any, task that either of us gives you. Above
all you will never discuss with anyone what went on tonight. Do you both agree?"

"Yes Miss" they both exclaimed with some relief.

"Then you will both go down to the Punishment Room and await our arrival. On
your arrival Farrell you will find a glass of water. Drink it." With that they
both marched smartly out of the office.

"It's unbelievable, the authority you seem to have over them" said Samantha. " I
haven't showered or changed since last night, if we are going to have fun and
games I supposed I had better have a shower and freshen up".

Miss Kenton laughed. " Rule number one is to remember that you are dealing with
prisoners here not your current boy or girl friend. Things like you having clean
underwear or being fresh and fragrant are not an issue. They all have to take
the staff as they are. If they are told to carry out a��well��a personal
service, that is classed as an order and any refusal on their part or even any
reluctance can be treated as disobedience. That offence always carries a
flogging type penalty. No excuses are accepted, particularly those that consist
of an implied criticism of a staff member such as complaining that the wardress
needs a bath. Some of the staff tell me that once the girl has been punished
it's almost unheard of for them to refuse the order a second time. Always
remember, the word of a prisoner counts for nothing compared with what we say
happened. A complaint about a staff member being less than fragrant is rather
unlikely!"

Samantha was even more amazed by this and could feel the symptoms of her own
sexual arousal starting. " You mean that even though I haven't showered today, I
could order either of them to��well��go down on me and they would have to obey?"

"You disappoint me Sam, how boringly staid. Look, if you feel like it you can
have them both service you at the same time so get your imagination into gear
girl!"

With that they both walked, laughing, down to the Punishment room

To be continued.




Chapter 18.

As they entered the two prisoners snapped to the attention. Samantha had already
been told how Miss Kenton wanted to start the session. She walked over to the
nervous pair and stood directly in front of Farrell having noticed a very large
empty glass on a table. Without hesitation she calmly drew back her right hand
and slapped her hard across the face. Almost immediately she did the same with
the other hand across the other side of her face. The she stood in front of
Stewart and slapped him in the same way.

"That was just to reassure you both that Miss Reynolds here has my full
authority. You will be wise to bear that in mind for the rest of the evening."
said Miss Kenton.

Miss Kenton then invited her friend to carry out an inspection of the prisoners.

Samantha slowly looked Stewart up and down. Miss Kenton ordered him to the
present to facilitate the inspection. Getting into the swing of things Samantha
then slowly ran both her hands down over his face and chest until she reached
his crotch where she lightly cupped his genitals through his denim shorts for a
few seconds. Then she slowly walked round him as he stood rigidly with eyes
fixed staring to the front. She casually felt round his buttocks lifting each in
turn then massaged the side of her hand into his shorts covered cleft.

Next she stood in front of Farrell. Again her fingers traced her outline, down
over her face and neck, brushing down over her blouse covered breasts and
finishing with her fingers pressing lightly, through the skirt, into the nervous
girls crotch. The final act removing any hope the prisoner had of avoiding any
form of sexual abuse that evening.

Samantha glanced enquiringly at Miss Kenton who took the hint. 

"Prisoners will strip to their underwear for further inspection" she ordered.
When they had obeyed this command and stood there; Farrell in her regulation
white bra, small white bikini panties, garter belt, stockings and shoes and
Stewart just in his small thin underpants, she ordered them back to the present.
Hands behind head, elbows forced back, legs wide apart, vulnerable and afraid.

Samantha stood close to Stewart so that her breasts touched his chest and with
her face only inches from his, her breath wafted over his face. "How old are
you?" she asked. "Thirty eight Miss." he replied. "My boss is about your age
Stewart, I would love to have him here in your place. I'm really going to enjoy
teaching someone nearly twice my age some respect."

Slowly she dragged her forefinger nail on each hand down towards his nipples.
Suddenly she grasped them between her finger and thumbs and squeezed.
Instinctively he started to lower his hands to protect himself then realised and
snapped back to the present. She relaxed her grip.

"As I understand it Boy, you remain motionless unless I tell you otherwise. I
will try that again." She said. Slowly the fingers retraced their steps to his
sore nipples and again the grip was applied. This time Stewart remained at the
present gritting his teeth against the pain. The grip lasted a full agonising
minute before she released him. Next her right hand moved down to his underpants
and she gently cupped his genitals held tight by the thin jockey shorts.

"I here that you have some problems in controlling yourself Boy," she remarked.
"I do hope that you have more success this evening." She said as she gently and
sensually held her fingers against the material of his pants lifting and lowered
his organs. Try as he might, a combination of her hand movements and the very
proximity of the full-breasted young girl caused his penis to start to swell. To
make matters worse she caught the shaft between her fingertips and stroked it to
even greater firmness.

" Oh dear," said Samantha, "Just as you predicted Miss Kenton, the prisoner has
erected. He really seems to have no control of his emotions." She smiled at him
in a self-satisfied feline way and stood to one side as Miss Kenton rushed over
and furiously snatched down his jockey shorts to expose him.

" This is really to much Boy." Fumed Miss Kenton. " You really can't be trusted
to remain in a decent state for an inspection by anyone. I will have to get some
extra help in to deal with this problem of yours." She then picked up the 'phone
on the far side of the room and spoke quietly into it for a few moments. When
she returned she muttered to her friend that help was on its way and would be
here in about ten minutes, in the meantime they would continue with the
inspections.

With that Samantha transferred her attentions to the female prisoner. Again she
stood close in front of her and almost whispered "And how old are you girl?"
into her face. "Thirty one Miss." replied Farrell. "Tell me Farrell, do you have
any problems with, or objections to being inspected by me?" she said as her
fingertips stroked down from her face to the top surface of her breasts. "No
Miss, not at all��MISS" with her voice rising in anguish as the fingertips
pushed down into the bra and grasped each nipple.

"I wonder who has the most sensitive nipples," Samantha continued, "A male
prisoner, or a female prisoner��what do you think girl?" and her grip tightened. 

"Dddon't know Miss," said Farrell under the strain of the finger grip on her
nipples. Her knees almost buckled but this only increased the pull on her
breasts as she slumped slightly. After some agonising seconds the grip was
released.

"Lets take a look at these breasts of yours girl," snapped Samantha. "Take off
your bra!" With a brief, embarrassed glance around the room Farrell unfastened
the back strap and lowered the garment and placed it on the pile with her other
clothing. She reassumed the "present" position. Her breasts were small and perky
with a large pink aureole, the nipples covering almost a third of the total
breast area. They reminded Stewart of the immature breasts of a young girl
rather than those of a thirty-year old woman. Both of the large swollen nipple
areas displayed reddish patches as evidence of Miss Reynolds's previous
attentions.

Samantha gently rubbed the nipples with the palms of both hands. They erected
fully and were nearly three-quarters an inch in length. She then firmly flicked
each in turn with the finger and thumb of her right hand. Farrell gasped and
flinched but had the good sense not to break her position. Judith had briefed
her about breast punishments and however unbelievable she found that
information; she persisted with the breast examination like an old hand at the
centre.

"Collected and breast related demerits yet girl?" Samantha enquired.

"No Miss." replied Farrell wondering where the line of questioning would take
her.

"Very fortunate," with aureole and nipples this size the cane would really hurt
across these small breasts wouldn't it?" Farrell closed her eyes and screwed up
her face at the mere suggestion.

"I said wouldn't it girl��are you deaf?" demanded Miss Reynolds.

"Yes Miss, it would Miss." Replied the frightened girl.

"They are certainly firm enough," she went on, "I don't suppose you have any
discomfort from them during exercise, lets see for ourselves. Run on the
spot��stop��now jump up and down��stop. Amazing, they hardly move at all, just
quiver. Small, firm but rather sensitive would describe them accurately I
think." Now lets see what other hidden secrets you both have. Miss Kenton, may
we have them both completely stripped for inspection?"

Following the Wardresses order Stewart slipped off his underpants and Farrell,
blushing with embarrassment removed her stockings, garter belt and shoes. They
then both resumed the present position. Despite his efforts, Stewart remained
erect.

"Take a look at the results of the thrashing that they received this morning."
Suggested Miss Kenton. "It will give you some idea of what any of the prisoners
can expect if they step out of line. Prisoners, bend over, grasp your ankles and
don't move. Both of you, get those feet wider apart."

Miss Reynolds moved to the rear of Stewart. The weals and bruises across his
up-thrust buttocks made her gasp. She gently trailed her fingertips over the
welts made by Miss James's strap and then, moving down, over the rapidly
developing bruises from the cane. She pinched the most prominent ridge between
the fingertips and thumbs on both hands and pinched hard. Stewart bucked
slightly and gasped aloud with the pain.

"Oh you poor thing." Said Miss Reynolds sarcastically. "Is your poor bottom
still sore boy? How about the girl?" she said moving behind Farrell. "You seem
to have got off lightly with just the cane, how does this feel?" she asked
pinching a weal that ran just across the junction of the girl's thighs and
buttocks. Unfortunately for Farrell, the pain was so sharp that her legs buckled
from under her and in trying to keep her balance she took an involuntary step
forward. Miss Kenton moved towards her and stood in front of Farrell now
struggling to resume the ordered position. She grasped the girl's ponytail and
pulled her upright.

"Did either Miss Reynolds or I give you permission to move?" she asked. When I
tell you to take up a position you will hold that position until I decide you
should move."

She released Farrell's hair and who immediately bend double again. Calmly Miss
Kenton unhitched her strap from her belt and handed it to Samantha.

" Miss Reynolds, would you please lay three hard strokes across the weal that
the girl appears to find so sensitive. If she fails to hold position please lay
on a further three strokes across the same area until she learns to obey my
instructions." Samantha could not believe her luck. She took the proffered strap
with the grip in the right hand and lovingly drew the business end across her
other palm a few times. She stood to the girls left looking down at the spread
legs and protruding nates. She had seen many females naked in her young life but
had never had one displayed so shamelessly for her amusement. The prisoner was
remarkably hirsute between her legs and, despite the blatant position, still
managed to hide her vulva and anus behind the thick mat of pubic hair. Time for
that later, right now she had to impress her friend Judith with her efforts with
this strap.

Samantha raised the strap over her shoulder, savoured the moment then brought it
down towards the very tops of both thighs. Because of the legs being widespread
it landed on her right thigh with a loud crack. Farrell gasped and her right
knee flexed but she managed to hold her position. The next stroke hit the top of
the left thigh with even more venom causing a muffled yelp and very nearly a
movement of the left foot as the left knee buckled slightly. Finally, realising
that this was her last chance to impress her friend, Samantha brought down the
last eight inches of the tawse across the livid weal from the previous stroke on
the right thigh.

Farrell lost it completely. Her leg jerked forward and her hands came up from
her ankles to grasp her thigh. Miss Kenton stood impassively until the girl's
gyrations and cries had stopped.

"You really are a disobedient bitch," she said to the whimpering prisoner." I
could order that this punishment be repeated all night until you learn to
control yourself but instead I intend to get it over with. We will hold you in
position but in return for this "favour", you will have to take six stokes of
the strap. Agreed?" 

"Yes Miss." replied Farrell with a sniffle.

"Stewart, come over here boy." Continued Miss Kenton. " You will lay on your
back." Stewart did as he was told. Farrell was told to stand over him, legs
apart, facing his head with her feet tucked under his armpits. He was then told
to grip her ankles with his hands to prevent any foot movement. Next Miss Kenton
selected a pair of handcuffs and a heavyweight punishment strap from the rack of
implements. It was two foot six inches long and two inches wide with a split
half way down its length. It was a heavy brute and remarkably rigid despite its
well oiled condition.

Whilst she was making the selection Stewart could not help looking up into the
prisoner Farrell's crotch and at her anguished face just visible to him over the
top of her breasts. He could only hope, in view of his position that her bladder
control had improved since the morning!

Miss Kenton handed the strap to her assistant who immediately commented on the
weight. She was told that it was after all a punishment implement not a
correctional strap that she had used previously. Miss Kenton then took a
position facing the girl and told her to bend over. As she did so, Miss Kenton
pulled up her uniform skirt and stood over the girl's neck. Then she reached
behind her, grasped the ponytail from between her legs and pulled the head up
and back. so that, when she closed her legs, the prisoner's head was held fast
against her crotch and stockinged thighs. Farrell was obliged to wrap her arms
around the wardress's waist. Feeling behind her, Miss Kenton swiftly handcuffed
the girl's wrists.

Farrell was now held almost as rigidly as if she was strapped to a horse. Even
though Miss Kenton was a tall female, Farrell was forced into a slightly
squatting position by the position of her head. Stewart was now presented with a
splayed crotch hanging above him with the vulva slightly parted and fully
exposed despite the hirsute matting that surrounded it.

Samantha raised the heavy strap, paused for a few seconds and then brought it
swinging down on to the defenceless flesh of the inmate. It struck with a firm
"thwuck" across the centre of the nates. She waited for around thirty seconds
for the pain to peak then raised the strap again. This time it was brought down
over the lower area of the girl's buttocks that were already tenderised by her
previous floggings. A muffled scream came from between Miss Kenton's thighs.
Farrell moved in the only way she could, by flexing her knees, giving Stewart an
unbelievable view of her most private parts as her vulva gaped then closed.
Strokes three and four were delivered across the upper part of the nates, as
hard as the young sadist knew how. She saved the best still last.

Changing her position slightly she raised the tawse high over her shoulder and
brought it lashing down over the tops of the victims thighs, then without a
pause, repeated the stroke to the exact same spot. It took Stewart some effort
to hold the feet and ankles as the girl bucked and reared under the pain. Miss
Kenton rode the girl's neck as if at a rodeo until eventually the prisoner
calmed down.

Swiftly, the handcuffs were undone and the girl was released from the heavy neck
bondage. Stewart was ordered to release his grip and move to one side. Farrell
stood sobbing, clutching her agonised thighs and buttocks with tears running
down her cheeks. Miss Kenton congratulated Samantha on the effort she had put
into the beating and Samantha, in turn, expressed her surprise that the girl had
retained control of her urine, bearing in mind her previous offence. She was
told that her friend had expected a little accident" hence the Stewart's
position beneath her.

"Not to worry," said Miss Kenton with a laugh. "The night is young! and now its
time for the girl to spend time on the horse." 

She took Samantha over to the sturdy wooden trestle. Across the high cross bar
was an ordinary horse saddle but along the centre of the seat there was a tufted
ridge of black bristles about an inch long. The rest of the saddle was covered
in shorter bristles that would press against the inner thighs. They both ran
their hands over the saddle. 

"Ouch!" said Samantha. "I see what you mean about the discomfort. For what
offences are the prisoners made to sit on this for?"

Miss Kenton explained that the horse was never used as a punishment but only as
a form of penance for females who had stepped out of line in some minor way.
Every wardress had her own special way of making the horse even more
uncomfortable than it was designed to be. The girl would be made to sit for a
period of time and a clockwork timer was mounted on the frame, in full view of
the "rider", to regulate that. 

She went on to explain about the understrap that Farrell had been made to wear
for P.T. earlier in the day and how it would have tenderised her ready for this.
Additionally, her buttocks and thighs having been recently beaten, she would
find it rather an ordeal.

Samantha was immediately curious about the effects of an understrap, so Miss
Kenton ordered Farrell to lay on her back on a large leather covered table. To
the prisoners mortification she was then told to pull up her knees to her chest
and spread them wide simply for the benefit of these two young girls. Casually
Miss Kenton showed Samantha the red sore patches of skin that were visible
through the thick matting of pubic hair. One knot had obviously chafed against
her sensitive anus, another around her perineum and, when she parted the girl's
labia, another had chafed inside her inner labia and one at the very top had
reddened her clitoris. A quick rub with Miss Kenton's fingertip was enough to
demonstrate how sore this now was.

The hapless prisoner was ordered to mount the saddle using the stirrups and then
lower herself down to make contact. Farrell gasped loudly as her sensitised
flesh made contact. Miss Kenton shortened the stirrup length so that the girl
was obliged to squat with her knees high rather than simply sit. Her hands were
then pulled behind her and handcuffed together so that they could not be used to
support her weight in any way. Finally, Miss Kenton added her own speciality to
the girls suffering: two large nipple clamps were produced on lengths of elastic
cord. The cord was fixed to the pommel of the saddle and then, with the length
of the cord adjusted, the one inch round tongues of the clamps were firmly
affixed to the underside of each nipple and areolae. In themselves the clamps
were not that painful, but any attempt to lift her crotch from the saddle would
change that as Farrell soon found out.

Without waiting for an invitation Miss Reynolds moved in to examine the prisoner
under duress. She playfully flicked the elastic cords to assess their tightness
then reached under the girl's buttocks and pulled them wide so that the ridge of
bristles could reach the sensitive anal cleft. Next she placed her fingers under
the front of Farrell's crotch and separated her labial lips ensuring that no
protection to her most sensitive areas was possible. Finally she firmly pressed
the lower part of the girl's stomach and was rewarded by Farrell's eyes widening
and her looking towards her tormentor with a look of absolute pleading.

"I hear you have a reputation for having a rather weak bladder girl," she said
pressing the area even more firmly with her fingers. "I do so hope that your
control has improved since earlier in the day."

Miss Kenton, smiling broadly, congratulated her on her initiative. "Twenty
minutes should be enough." She said, setting the timer.

The door opened and in walked one of the student nursing staff. She was a
slightly spotty; pale faced girl of about 18 with lank dark hair down to her
shoulders. Of medium height she had a slim figure and was dressed in the Centre
uniform for student nurses of a light blue dress, dark stockings and nurses hat.
She carried a large black equipment bag.

"Good evening ladies, I'm Student Nurse Payton." She announced. "My senior nurse
sends her apologies but she is rather busy at the moment so she sent me. I have
been trained in male discipline and she felt that it would be good experience
for me to do this by myself." With scarcely a glance at the twitching prisoner
on the horse she shook hands with Miss Kenton who introduced her to Samantha.

"I take it that this is the purpose of my visit," she said coldly looking at
Stewart. "I can see the problem from here, I take it that the wretch has agreed
to this sort of unofficial genital discipline?"

Stewart groaned inwardly. So this was the plan. Even though such treatment had
never been mentioned he knew that he had no option but to go through with
whatever she had in mind and try to co-operate as much as he could. He was now
the plaything of three young female sadists, and there was not a thing he could
do about it. It came as no surprise when Miss Kenton assured the nurse that his
consent had been given.

"If you ladies have no objections I won't specify how long the discipline should
last. Instead I will continue until all three of us are satisfied that he has
received enough pain to make him consider the need for a change of attitude. You
see, Samantha, it would be possible to inflict so much pain that the prisoner
passes out within seconds of me starting on him, but that would achieve nothing.
We are taught to inflict prolonged discomfort and pain to his genitals. Don't be
surprised that I also include some sexual stimulation in the session, the
contrast between pain and pleasure will make him even more aware of his position
in life��anyway, its always easier to hurt an erect penis!" she added with a
laugh. "Unfortunately the only female prisoner is rather busy at the moment so I
wonder if Samantha would kindly oblige. Nothing too embarrassing, but it would
help if you could remove your top so that he has a bra to ogle at."

Blushing, Samantha slipped of her woollen sweater and stood there in her slacks
with her long hair hanging down her back and her large breasts encased in a
frilly white three-quarter cup bra. Her breasts swelled over the constraining
top of the cups and the shape of her nipples clearly protruded under the
material.

"Its just that I believe the wretch should be in no doubt that he is under
female control and discipline, I have to remain formally dressed as the person
in charge of his treatment." Concluded the nurse. She placed her bag on a table
and started to select some equipment from it.

A gasp of pain came from the horsed girl as she desperately tried to find, if
not a comfortable position, then at least one that hurt less than the present
one. "Quite girl, I don't want to hear from you for at least another 15
minutes." Snapped Miss Kenton.

The Nurse reappeared in front of Stewart, she was wearing the heavily ridged
surgical gloves that were reserved for the examination of male prisoners. She
slowly walked around him and returned to the position to his front. She looked
down with disgust at his penis and testicles that were forced up by the tight
waistband of his shorts. His penis was already swollen and under the gaze of
this young female it sprang into full erection.

"I see what you mean about this problem of his." She remarked. "I can't
guarantee that he will be able to control himself in the future, but the bastard
will certainly wish he could." She took hold of his penis and pulled him over to
a gynaecological examination chair that was against a wall. It had been
specially modified by the staff at the centre and a large "V" had been cut into
the seat. He was told to sit down and found that this cutaway left his testicles
without support and hanging down even though his thighs were supported. Within
seconds the nurse had his wrists and elbows strapped to the arm rests and his
knees fully splayed as his thighs were secured and his feet secured in the
stirrups. The whole chair with it's secured victim was then leant backwards.
 

To be continued.




Chapter 19.

Stewart found that the reclined position that the chair held him in was
remarkably comfortable. Unfortunately, the splayed legs and secured arms made
him realise that this comfort was likely to be short lived.

Nurse Payton casually emptied the contacts of her medical bag and laid them
methodically out on a green cloth lying on a table adjacent to the seat. Stewart
fought to clear his mind of the images of his last visit to a dentist when he
had been in a similar position and forced his eyes not to examine the equipment
knowing that each item had but one function, to cause him pain.

"The rule book simply describes this procedure as Genital Discipline but gives
no guidance, and therefore no restriction as to the areas that can be treated."
Said the young Nurse." As it is normally applied to one of the female prisoners
we have to transfer the techniques to this male. I would certainly include the
breasts in a genital punishment for females and I don't see that Stewart here
should escape without his nipples receiving some attention. We will certainly
need to work on his penis and testicles. The anus, as with females, is usually
very responsive to pain and be well worth dealing with. I think that I will
start�� by demonstrating to the prisoner just how sensitive his testes are to
pain."

She laid a black box with control dials on his stomach. From it ran long wires.
One was connected to a cuff, which was strapped around his right ankle. The
other to a broad metallic strap that she wrapped around his scrotal sac almost
covering it. Next she pulled up his jockey shorts over his swollen penis, so
that only the wires were visible.

" The advantage of these electrical devices are that the prisoner can be hurt
without causing any damage to the tissues." She said plugging a third lead into
the box at the end of which was a push button device. "Now, boy, I am going to
give you three jolts at ten second intervals, brace yourself."

With that she pressed the button. The effect on Stewart was instantaneous. It
was as if the metal strap had suddenly constricted and had savagely squeezed
both testicles together for several seconds. He was still straining at his
straps when the second jolt was inflicted. The Nurse applied the third shock
almost a soon as the second had stopped its terrible grip.

Stewart was left gasping and trembling.

The Nurse removed the straps and the box and produced a small pair of scissors.
She carefully cut the seam on either side of his jockey shorts then removed the
material leaving his genitals totally exposed. She then lifted his still erect
penis with her fingers and gently rubbed them up and down his shaft.

"Still being naughty are we?" she asked sarcastically. "Samantha, would you be
so kind as to apply the nipple clamps to him? Remember that it's your job to
keep this thing of his hard."

Smiling, Samantha selected two round shiny clamps from the equipment tray and
moved round to his head. She leaned over so that her bulging bra cups pressed
into his face.  She caught each of his nipples between her fingers and lifted
them up to be clamped.

"May I suggest that you only clamp the lower three quarters of each nipple?"
said the nurse " I find that leaving a little of the nub exposed can be very
useful later.

Samantha adjusted the grippers to comply with the suggestion and then tightened
each clamp as Stewart squirmed beneath her. She then dragged her bra-covered
breasts back across his face and poised, with her face directly above his. To
Stewart's amazement she pressed her lips against his, pushed her tongue between
his teeth and gave him a lingering French kiss. She then stood upright looking
down at him and assessing the results of her efforts. His nipples were already
throbbing from the pain of the clamps but his erection, under the fingers of the
Nurse, was still solid. His face had the expression of a startled rabbit, caught
in the headlights of a car.

The nurse eventually let go of his penis and selected what looked like a large,
long, thin "Q" tip from her table. She opened a small jar of some cream solution
dipping the tip into it. Then, grasping his penis with her gloved left hand,
pressed sharply down to slip the foreskin clear of the head. By now both Miss
Kenton and Samantha were leaning over the prisoner's pelvic area, watching the
Nurses hands with rapt attention. She firmly squeezed the upper and lower
surfaces of the glans between her finger and thumb to open the tip of the
urethra. Then very slowly pushed the cream covered tip of the "Q" tip into the
opening.

At first the probe felt almost welcome as it was pushed, quite gently, in and
out. Then the stinging started which rapidly changed to a fierce burning
sensation. As he arched and started to clench his teeth, the tip was moved up
and down faster and deeper into the sensitive duct. The Nurse muttered to her
colleagues that the cream was a medical embrocation that was normally used to
rub on pulled muscles. If they ever used it on a prisoner they would be well
advise to wear gloves and keep it away from any minor cuts they had as it could
sting like hell. From Stewart's arching and moaning through his clenched teeth,
it certainly appeared that, if he had been allowed an opinion, it would have
been in agreement with the nurses comments.

Suddenly the tip was snatched out, wiped around the glans and dropped into a
waste bin. The Nurse stood and folded her arms as she watched her victim suffer.

" The pain should peak about now," she said almost disinterestedly. " It then
takes about five minutes to cool down. As they watched, the abused member slowly
shrank and subsided. The room's silence was broken only by the whimpering of the
female on the horse and the gasps of the prisoner in the chair. Miss Kenton idly
walked over to the horse and glanced at the timer.

"My, doesn't time fly when you are having fun girl!" she said. Only another five
minutes to go and you will be able to join in the excitements over the other
side of the room. Returning to the chair she asked why the nurse had suggested
leaving the top of the nipples free from the clamps. Nurse Payton responded by
handing her a small emery board that would usually be used to trim nails. On her
instructions Miss Kenton slowly dragged its rough edge over the exposed teat.
Even with a little pressure Stewart bucked in his straps and gasped aloud.

"Its remarkable how much the clamps intensify the sensitivity of the part of the
nipple that is exposed," she explained. " When we do this to the female
prisoners with the really large bulbous nipples and aureole it drives them
wild." 

She handed Samantha a second board and she gleefully joined in scratching the
other nipple. They kept this up for several minutes until the nurse called a
halt. The clamps were unclipped and the blood rushed agonisingly back into the
squeezed tissues. Samantha was given the job of massaging them back to life to
restore the circulation which she did as hard as she could. The odd pinch that
they received did nothing to improve the blood flow.

A loud "ping" from the timer marked the end of Farrell's time on the horse. Her
handcuffs were removed, the nipples unclamped and Miss Kenton and the Nurse
roughly helped her to her feet. She stood, still shaking, with her legs apart.
The saddle had done its job and the insides of her thighs looked red and sore.
Again Samantha Reynolds was tasked with the job of massaging the circulation
back into the nipples which she proceeded to do with some zeal. There was
certainly more for her to rub and pinch which she did with vicious enthusiasm
having ordered the poor victim to the present  position. 

When she had made the whole breast tips red and sore she dropped her hand to the
prisoners crotch and carried out a finger tip examination of the recently
disciplined area. Ignoring Farrell's whispered pleas of "N0-no-o please Miss
ddon't touch me there!" she scratched the thighs and rubbed her fingers between
the labial lips making the girl gasp and flex her knees into an almost squatting
position. Samantha whispered to the girl that she would be carrying out a more
thorough inspection later so she had better prepare herself for it.

Suddenly the attention changed back to Stewart when the Nurse pointed out to
Samantha that, judging from the flaccid state of his penis, she was somewhat
neglecting her duties. She then put forward a challenge that she would be unable
to rouse him without touching him sexually. The challenge was accepted.
 

To be continued.




Chapter 20.

Miss Reynolds walked over to the chair and stood between Stewart's legs staring
down at the limp and reddened penis. She cupped her breasts and played with her
nipples through the material until the nubs were visible protrusions. She then
ordered Farrell to stand to the side of the chair bound prisoner.

Slowly she removed her bra and slipped her arms through the straps throwing the
garment to one side. She then stood in the present position just like the female
prisoner. Her breasts were large but still retained their young girl firmness
and pout. The nipples, though with smaller aureole than Farrell's, were thicker
and engorged from her self-stimulation.

"Which of us has the most attractive breasts boy?" she enquired. "Wouldn't you
like to make mine as red as hers? Just imagine having me as your prisoner, to do
with as you wish." She said as she started to stroke her mammaries."You would be
able to play with them or even punish them if you thought that I deserved it.
Believe me they are very sensitive so you could soon have me whimpering."

With that she reached over him and caught Farrell's left nipple in a tight grip
and started to squeeze and pull so that the girl squirmed.

"Would you make me suffer like this boy?  Well Stewart, what do you say?

"Please Miss, if I said anything like that Miss Kenton would have me thrashed
for insolence." Replied the nervous male.

"Of course she would," replied his tormentress, "how fortunate for you that we
can't read your filthy male mind." She added with a final twist to the female's
breast. 

"If only, if only." thought Stewart as the idea of having this young bitch as
his prisoner. His mind wandered over the possibilities of being able to pinch
and twist, as she stood available to him not daring to move or object. He would
be able to run his hands down to her crotch and try to feel her intimate shape
through the trousers that she wore. Perhaps casually order her to strip to her
panties and then feel her most intimate areas, with her obliged to accept, to
remain silent as he did as he wished. He would be able to order her to strip
naked, take up the most humiliating positions that he could devise. He could,
and would, find serious fault with her slowness or lack of effort. He could
order a flogging for her with one of the whippy canes hanging from the��

The wanderings of his mind were brought to a sudden halt by an excited
exclamation by Miss Reynolds as his penis raised itself to full tumescence . She
accepted the nurse's congratulations with a laugh and watched as she produced
what looked like a plastic tongue depressor. The object was about eight inches
long and half an inch wide and coloured dark blue with a rounded tip.

"I normally use this on the female prisoners clitoris" explained the nurse. "It
enables an accurate flick to be administered to the exact spot that I require.
Naturally the labia have to be pulled apart to expose the target but then��" she
held the strip with her right hand, pulled up the tip at about forty five
degrees and let fly with a sharp "thwick" against the top of Stewart's uncovered
and unprotected organ. "This particular target is certainly larger and will
require more than the customary five flicks. Shall we say ten flicks for this
prisoner ladies?

And, watching Stewart's face�� added     "��each?

It was decided that the nurse would go first. She handed a rubber glove to
Samantha who, wearing it, grasped the base of the penis, pulling hard down on
the foreskin to keep it clear of the glans. Nurse Payton reached up and adjusted
a bright spotlight to illuminate her target, then, moving to between Stewart's
feet pressed the top inch of the spatula horizontally across the underside of
the tip. She pulled the tip well back with her right hand, released it
and��"Thwick" it struck home. Thanks to the firm grip of Miss Reynolds, the
shaft remained rigid and the impact was absorbed in full by the tender flesh.
The next was slightly higher, then on the left side��right side, left side
again��vertically down on the tip and so on all around the now throbbing glans
until the ten flicks had been given.

At first Stewart had found the spatula treatment to be almost stimulating as
each felt like a sharp sting, but the second time it touched in the same or
closed area the pain became intensified. Now it was Samantha's turn to make him
squirm.

And squirm he did.

It was as if his whole being was centred in the swollen purple knob. Each time
the spatula was pulled back and the grip tightened on the shaft he stopped
breathing. Then would come the almost inaudible sound of the plastic striking
home followed by the searing sting. No sooner had the sting subsided the plastic
was positioned anew and the agony re-inflicted. The word clinical and the word
methodical could both be applied to the way in which the bare breasted young
girl moved slowly round the chaired prisoner, pushing Farrell to one side,
positioning herself and then her instrument for the next strike.

By the time she had applied her allotted ten flicks Stewart's erection was well
on the way to total collapse. He was rigid with the pain, almost forgetting the
need to breathe and moaning loudly. The nurse glanced first at the shrinking
organ and then at Samantha, issuing a challenge with her raised eyebrows.

Miss Reynolds moved back to between his knees. She smiled at him and then slowly
unclipped and unzipped the side of her slacks. The garment was slid down to the
floor and she kicked them to one side. She stood at the present with her breasts
and pelvis thrust forward. She wore only a small pair of black panties, which,
as she slowly turned around, were revealed to be a thong with a thin strap at
the rear which had virtually disappeared into her anal cleft. As Stewart's eyes
took in the body of the girl he took in the thick sturdy legs, thighs and
buttocks of a horsewoman. She leant between his splayed legs and gently shook
her breasts in front of his face taking care not to make contact. She then asked
the nurse to lower his head to below waist height and walked round to the
headrest. 

Stewart was now looking up at the almost naked disciplinarian as she stood
looming over him. She moved round and placed a leg either side of her victim and
then slowly squatted until her crotch was only inches from his face. Stewart
looked up at the splayed crotch with it's inadequate covering of stretched black
fabric. Either side pubic hair spilled out and hung down. The panty-crotch was
damp and stained slightly and the aroma of unwashed femininity reached his
nostrils. He glanced up past her pubic mound, the firm slightly convex stomach
with it's light covering of fine hair; to the underside of both breasts where
small patches of sweat were revealed when any movement caused the globes to
swing and sway. Her armpits, glistening with sweat had the dark stubble of body
hair that had not felt a razor for several days. Between her breasts appeared
her face with its open mouth and tongue slowly licking the lips.

He was suddenly aware of the grip on his sore member and the feeling of rigidity
as the nurse congratulated Samantha once again on her resuscitatory abilities.
He heard rather than saw the spatula being handed to Miss Kenton and braced
himself for the first stroke. When it came he heard himself scream with the
sudden pain. The uniformed wardress must have pulled the plastic back further
than before and driven the tip into the soft tenderised underside of his glans.
Within seconds she had repeated the stroke with the same savage force, and to
the same spot.

"Dear me what a fuss the boy is making!" exclaimed the wardress. "Sam, could you
find someway of deadening the sounds so that I am not distracted in any way."

With a wide grin on her face Samantha turned round and stood over Stewart's head
again; this time facing his body and slamming her feet down on the floor. She
indicated that she required the prisoner's head elevating and Miss Kenton did
this until his face fitted snugly into her friends splayed crotch. Stewart now
found his mouth covered by the damp panty gusset with his nose jammed into the
material hidden by the anal cleft. There was no room for movement as his head
was jammed between the headrest and Miss Reynolds but he could just breathe
through his nose. His olfactory senses were immediately assaulted by the smells
of girl-sweat, stale urine and the pungent musky odour of an unwashed female.
The firm thick thighs closed on his ears and he did not hear the sound of the
plastic hitting, but he certainly felt it as it sprang against the same spot.

He found himself moaning in pain into the girl's crotch. A most pleasant
sensation for Miss Reynolds who responded by clamping his head even tighter and
rubbing herself backwards and forwards over his face. Again and again the
plastic struck home to the soft defenceless underside and again and again he
yelled into the feminine gag that had been applied. He snatched breaths when he
could with the pain fortunately taking his mind away from the odours that he was
obliged to inhale. Eventually the ten flicks had been given and, reluctantly,
Samantha lifted herself off her human perch.

"As you have just seen, sometimes the simplest devices can be the most effective
when they are used with some thought." Said the nurse producing a length of
elastic. About a foot long with a knot at each end she dangled it in the air
above the prisoner.

"This can be used on almost any part of the body and provided it is used with
accuracy, can be very painful. Come here girl." She snapped at Farrell.

"Stand at the present, and don't move" she added.

The nurse pulled the elastic back and aimed with the thumb of her left hand.
With a "twang" the knot at the loose end snapped into Farrells navel causing her
to gasp and bend slightly at the waist. The next target was her left ear lobe
which the nurse hit from behind her head. Then the back of her left knee.
Finally, the demonstration was concluded by the nurse moving back to the girls
side. She slowly took aim on the right side of the right nipple and let fly.
Somehow Farrell managed to remain in position, evidence in itself that the
training at the Correctional Centre was starting to pay dividends.

Once again the attention reverted to Stewart as the nurse returned to his chair.
First she tilted it back to the maximum and then sat on a low stool between his
legs. He thought at first that her target would be his dangling testicles and
started an involuntary shaking. Instead she politely asked Miss Kenton and Miss
Reynolds to pull his buttocks apart.  

It was to be his anus.

"I will aim for the very centre of the anus" she remarked. "With the last
prisoner I did this to I managed to drive the knot inside the opening by
catching her when she relaxed."

With that, the next torment started as she fired the hard knotted elastic at the
clenched opening over and over again. As with the spatula, a stroke by itself
was of no real consequence, but the same flick, over and over again to the same
spot was shear agony. Finally the nurse achieved her target. By releasing the
taught elastic at exactly the right time she caught the muscle when it was
relaxed and the knotted tip flew into the small opening causing unbelievable
pain in such a sensitive and humiliating area. Suddenly the nurse stood up.

"Well that should suffice for now." She said. " No guarantees about him not
erecting at the wrong times but he should now be as scared as hell when he does.
Remember Stewart, I can and will give you a session like this every night of
your stay here if one of the staff asks me to. Just one more little thing and
then I will be off. Normally he gets two of these but...well��I'm sure he won't
mind if we all have a go.

With that she approached him with a clamp device and, fixing it to his scrotum,
lifted it up so that his testicles were squeezed tight in the scrotum and were
well presented. With a sickening feeling Stewart knew immediately what the 
"little thing" was to be. These bitches were going to hit his most sensitive
organs for no other reason than to exercise their total control over him. He
knew it would be agonising but he also knew that he would have to accept without
question that they had the authority and could inflict the pain without
hesitation. If he made the slightest protest it would be taken as wilful
insolence and the discipline would be postponed only as long as it took them to
have him flogged. It would then be inflicted with even greater severity. He lay
in the chair and started to brace himself both mentally and physically.

Samantha watched with curiosity as the nurse stood between his legs, lifted the
clamp with her left hand, poised her bent finger close to the left bulb and
flicked it. The pain was not instantaneous, it built from a sharp stab to a
sickening cramping that reached to the very centre of Stewart's being. 

They changed places with the nurse now standing to his side, still lifting his
organs to ensure their vulnerability. Miss Kenton stood between his legs. Slowly
she positioned her finger and thumb next to the right testicle and let fly with
the long fingernail.

Again the pain, the cramping and the moans as Stewart fought against his natural
instincts to call the wardress the bitch that she surely was. He was aware of
Samantha moving into position. He was to receive a third blow as the nurse had
said. Carefully the young nearly naked girl lifted his testes with her hand. The
times that she had wished that she could do this to some arrogant male and
now��she could.

"What a shame for you that there are three of us here Stewart she cooed as she
cupped the agonised organs. If there were just the staff here this would be over
by now but you have to have it again just for my benefit. Well, the least I can
do is to offer you the choice, do you wish me to hurt your right testicle or
your left?" She paused for a second and then continued��"If you can't decide
soon I shall have to ask if I can hit both of them��"

Summoning all his control Stewart spoke:

"Please Miss. Would you hit my right testicle please. " 

Miss Reynolds smiled sympathetically at him, positioned her finger and thumb and
whacked her fingernail in as hard as she knew how against the tight and
constricted scrotum�� hitting the lower surface of his left one.

This time the pain was instantaneous and reached an even higher peak of
sharpness and cramping. Samantha swiftly moved to his side, lay across his chest
with her breast resting on him and gently stroked his forehead with her hands.

"There, there boy, be brave, be brave��after all this pain is really for your
own good, otherwise we wouldn't go to all this trouble." She said as she watched
his contorted face as he fought the inner battle to control himself against
their sadism and blatant hypocrisy. Slowly the pain subsided and eventually,
with nothing else to savour about her victim's face, Miss Reynolds slid off him
and stood up.

"Well, ladies, I'm off" announced the nurse. "I will send for the equipment in
the morning. I do hope you four enjoy yourselves in here tonight!" she added
with a sly grin over her shoulder as she left.

 To be continued.




Chapter 21.

Miss Kenton quickly unstrapped Stewart from the examination chair and ordered
him to stand. In a way he had preferred the security of the seat where he had no
option other that to accept the pain. Now he was free to move again he was
apprehensive as to his abilities to take more punishment without raising a hand
or even a fist in retaliation. He knew of course that any verbal criticism or
insolence by him, even when under discipline, would result in a savage
punishment. A threat of violence by him would be an unbelievably worse offence
in the minds of the staff at the Correctional Centre. All he could do from now
on would be to obey and try to keep control of himself.

Farrell was thinking much along the same lines. She had the additional problem
of being sexually abused by another female. She had always considered herself to
be totally "straight" in her relationships but here, in the Centre, it was
another matter. She found being touched intimately by a female repulsive and as
for having to carry out a sexual service to another girl��  She knew that a
refusal by her to sexually relate to a wardress would result in punishment
followed by a further order to comply. Sooner or later she would be broken into
obedience. Could she, or indeed should she hold out against them. In her heart
she knew that her pride would have to be swallowed and she would have to try her
hardest to obey their orders. It was all a question of priorities. The swollen
pain from her bladder reminded her that her first priority was to relieve
herself but how could she do that? Should she simply ask like any other human
being?

Miss Kenton ordered the two prisoners to stand, side by side, naked and at the
present  in front of two large comfortable chairs. She then took up one of the
seats and motioned Samantha to take the other. They made a contrasting pair. In
one seat sat Miss Kenton in her starched uniform shirt and tie, formal and
upright and next to her slumped the young girl, near naked and unkempt. Stewart
couldn't help but notice the blatant way Miss Reynolds sat. Legs splayed leaning
back with her naked breasts sagging just slightly to either side of her chest
with a look of smug anticipation on her face.

"How shall we fill in the time remaining prisoners?" asked Miss Kenton. "Things
haven't been too pleasant for you so far but perhaps, just perhaps, the worst
may be over as long as you obey Miss Reynolds and me implicitly."

"Please Miss," asked Farrell nervously, "I need to use the toilet Miss."

Miss Kenton leapt to her feet with a furious look on her face. Her companion
shook her head with a look of wide-eyed disbelief on her face. 

"How dare you speak to me without permission girl! I will decide if and when a
prisoner needs to relieve herself. Are you suggesting that I don't know my job?"

There was no point in Farrell replying, the mistake had been made and her
punishment would now follow as surely as night follows day. She was not
surprised when the wardress stormed over to one of the equipment racks, and,
following a moments pause, selected a large polished wooden paddle. She strode
to a position in front of the girl and showed her the implement. It was about
eight inches wide, eighteen inches long and half an inch thick with a double
hand grip handle. Its surface was permeated by half-inch holes. From the way
Miss Kenton handled the instrument, it was both heavy and durable. It was
clearly designed to impact the whole buttock area each time it was applied.

"This paddle requires some skill in its application Sam, so I will lay the
strokes on: six should be enough to impress the bitch. Stewart, in position on
the ground to secure her feet!  Samantha, would you please prepare to headlock
her neck."

Stewart lay down and within seconds had Farrell's feet trapped under his armpits
with her ankles grasped firmly by his hands. He looked up at the trembling girl.
Tears were already forming and starting to run down her cheeks. Above him loomed
her hairy crotch. He could see the red soreness of her inner thighs from the
earlier horsing and this time her long thick pubic hair was matted with sweat.
He fancied, perhaps incorrectly, that he could see the slight swelling of her
lower stomach caused by her bulging bladder. Her thighs kept trying to close
against his grip as she tried to control the urge to relax, but as Stewart knew
only too well: an accidental release would almost certainly happen.

Miss Kenton walked over and, holding the paddle between her knees, removed her
tie, undid her shirt sleeves then the front buttons and slipped the garment off.
Stewart was now looking up at the underside of the tall wardresses white bra as
she ran her thumbs and finger round the chest and shoulder straps to make it
more comfortable.

"Several of the staff here believe in stripping to the waist when they flog the
inmates so that their swings are not restricted in any way." she said.
"Personally I find that I need the support around my breasts when I am really
laying it on hard otherwise they bounce around too much."

Samantha stood, legs apart, just behind Stewart's head until Farrell was ordered
to bend over. She then adjusted her position and closed her crotch and thighs
around her neck and reached behind her to grasp her ponytail, wrapping it round
her fist. Miss Kenton transferred the paddle to her left hand and carefully ran
her hand over Farrell's proffered nates.

"Damn!" she exclaimed, "the muscles are far too tight across the pelvic bones
for this type of punishment. Let her stand."

Samantha released the girl who stood upright. Again Miss Kenton ran her hands
over the buttocks and pronounced that this would have to be the position.
Stewart was ordered to lay with his head two feet out from the gymnasium type
wall bars with his body at right angles to them. Farrell was then told to engage
his armpits again and lean forward to grasp the bars at just above head height.
Having satisfied herself with the girls position by running her hands over her
buttock muscles, Miss Kenton gave Samantha two leather wrist straps and clips
that she used to lock her hands to clips on the appropriate bar.

In this position, with Farrell leaning from the waist at about 30 degrees to the
vertical, Stewart's head was almost directly beneath the girl's splayed crotch
with her breasts and face in clear view. For her part Farrell was almost
relieved that her position precluded any movement for which she could be
punished further. She just hoped, for Stewart's sake that she could retain
control as the pain built.

She was soon to find out.

Miss Kenton grasped the paddle with both hands, swung it back and then, pivoting
round her hips, swung it back to slap in a noisy contact square against the
prisoners buttocks. The blow flattened Farrell's buttocks and drove her hips
forward. Her eyes alternated between being wide apart and screwed tightly shut
as she absorbed the searing sting. Again, with a loud "Splat",  the paddle was
laid on. The third blow struck the rapidly reddening flesh and Farrell gasped
aloud. Stewart sensed from the sounds she was making that her limit was close.

Miss Kenton ran her hands over the punishment area.

"There is no better implement to hurt the whole area of the buttocks whilst not
causing deep bruising Sam." She advised her friend. "These last three should
really sting her."

With that the paddle was laid on for the fourth time. Farrell shrieked out at
the pain then, as her knees flexed, she lost control. A fierce jet of hot urine
shot from her parted vulva and hit Stewart full in the face. She desperately
tried to thrust her pelvis backwards so that the stream would be directed on to
his chest and not his face, but this was prevented by the wardress bringing the
paddle down for the fifth and then the sixth time. The impact drove her pelvis
forward and the pain deprived her mind of such charitable acts.

There was total silence in the room apart from the gushing of the liquid and the
sound it made as it hit Stewart's face and ran down over his chest and on to the
floor. Her bladder had obviously full to the limit and the flow seemed to last
for a considerable time to the watchers and an eternity to both prisoners.
Eventually it stopped and the sobbing humiliated female was unstrapped and they
were told to stand next to each other again.

The two disciplinarians resumed their positions in the chairs with the two
prisoners at the present in front of them. Stewart was drenched and the warm
salty liquid had run down from his head down over his body. Farrell was
relatively dry with only her thighs and feet glistening in the lights of the
punishment room. Miss Kenton, still stiff and starchy in manner despite the
absence of her uniform shirt, was the first to speak.

" I trust that you are both becoming fully aware of what I mean by obedience. As
you have just seen any error on your part will be dealt with quickly and
severely. I feel that I should emphasise this fact as we are now moving on to
where we have to test your response to orders of a rather personal nature.
Experience has taught me that there may be some hesitation on both of your
parts, particularly on yours Farrell, to instantly obeying Miss Reynolds and
myself.  You have been warned!"

"Time for some fun Sam," she whispered to her friend. " Climb up on the
gynaecological chair." 

To be continued.




Chapter 22.

With a smug look of anticipation, Samantha adjusted the chair so that the back
was parallel to the floor of the punishment room. She then climbed into it and
lay back with her legs well parted with her pantied crotch displayed to the
standing prisoners, Stewart and Farrell.

" One of the essential requirements of the training at this centre is that
prisoners learn to obey any order that the staff may give them," lectured Miss
Kenton. "sometimes, the order may require a prisoner to subjugate their own
sexual tendencies or personal habits and carry out duties that they may find a
little unpleasant. Whatever the order it must be carried out instantly,
completely and without question. I need hardly say that any refusal will always
be dealt with severely. The charge would be "Failure to obey an order" and as
you may already appreciate that would result in at least several  strokes of the
cane."

She walked over to Farrell, and stood in front of her brushing her nipples with
her bra-covered breasts. " The order would then be repeated and any further
refusal would result in a continuing, and more severe punishment. Even the most
obdurate female breaks eventually Farrell, so take my advice, prove your
obedience, and make life easy for yourself. From the state of your buttocks you
really must learn to swallow your pride��and anything else I order." She added
with a smile.

" We will start with something simple," she continued," Stewart will take the
left foot and Farrell will take the right. I want both feet thoroughly tongue
washed. I'm afraid that they are rather grubby, what with the normal sweat and
then the rather damp floor here in the punishment room, thanks to your lack of
control Farrell!"

Stewart moved quickly to the assigned foot and started to lick the sole as
thoroughly as he could. The skin was wet rather than damp and he had to fight
his natural inclination to rebel against the salty bitter taste. He was well
into forcing his tongue between the tightly closed toes when he looked sideways
at his fellow prisoner.  Farrell's eyes were squeezed shut but her tongue was
extended and licking feverishly.Gradually they covered each foot and were
working around the rather thick ankles when the next order came.

"Both of you stop," said Miss Kenton. "I now want you to take a respective
breast each and use your tongues to lick all around it apart from the nipples."
The two prisoners dodged around the splayed knees and moved up to Miss Reynolds
breasts. They both started on the top surface and slowly licked their way around
the globes to some appreciative murmurs from their owner. By now Stewart's
tongue was aching, but he knew better than to slow down. His tip pressed into
the firm flesh with every lick and soon he was forcing his organ under the
sagging breast to suck away the accumulated sweat that had been trapped there.
The breasts flopped slightly towards their owner's side, even so, Stewart's and
Farrell's head made frequent contact as they positioned to lap every inch of
their assigned boob. Finally the order came to "Excite the nipples" and they
transferred their tongues and now lips to the new task.

Starting with running his weary tongue around the puffy aureola.   Stewart soon
moved to the nipple itself. He found that by firm squeezing between his lips
allied with a strong suction the noticeably large nipple really grew in size.
The one he was sucking erected to the diameter of a small finger and was almost
an inch long. The low moans from the reclining girl indicated her pleasure at
the twin sensations created by the two prisoners.

Miss Kenton ordered them to stop. As they both stood it was obvious that Farrell
had overcome her inhibitions and had sucked the other nipple just as hard as
Stewart, and had achieved the same turgid result.

But the most stringent part of the test had yet to come:

"It is now time for you both to demonstrate your total respect for Miss
Reynolds" said Miss Kenton. " You will both place one kiss on her panty covered
vulva. You first girl" she added looking at Farrell. 

Nervously Farrell bent between the splayed legs and taking a deep breath,
brought her lips into contact with the black material with a soft kissing sound.
Without waiting to be told, Stewart changed places and respectfully brought his
face down to do the same.  The material was stretched tightly over the crotch
but a small crease was still visible and was centered on a damp patch that felt
sticky to his lips. As he kissed the crotch the pungent scent of dried urine,
female musk and sweat permeated his nostrils. As he rose he caught a glimpse of
her face with its flushed complexion and eyes dilated with excitement.

"Stewart," commanded the Wardress, "You will now remove Miss Reynolds panties
for her.

Carefully Stewart stood between the girls legs, reached under her bottom as it
pressed into the leather seat and pulled the thong style panties down over her
hips until they were free of her crotch. Next he lifted the calves out of their
supports and placed one on each shoulder as he pulled the panties further away
from her body. Finally, he held both ankles with his right hand as he
manoeuvered the garment completely free allowing them to drop to the floor. He
then gently replaced her legs back to the indecently splayed position and stood
looking down at her face where the smug smile had changed to cold fury.

"You disobedient BASTARD!" she shouted. How many times do we have to tell you
that you are here to learn respect? How dare you throw my personal clothing on
to this filthy floor?  Miss Kenton, I think that this boy needs teaching some
respect for my underwear."

Another opportunity had been offered to the two bitches, and they were not going
to let it pass. Inwardly Stewart cursed himself for his stupidity. Outwardly he
stammered an apology but knew that he was in for a sharp lesson in manners.

Finally Miss Kenton spoke:

" Stewart, get down on your hands and knees and pick up those panties��with your
teeth. Make sure that you bite into the inside of the crotch."  Stewart threw
himself to the ground directly between the raised legs. The panties lay there
with the white crotch lining uppermost. It was all too evident that they had
been worn for many hours since they were fresh and clean. The white gusset was
soaked, with an obvious,   yellow stained area. Bracing himself against the
pungent odour Stewart gripped the exposed gusset between his teeth and stood in
front of the young Wardress as if he were her loyal labrador dog.  Meanwhile,
Miss Reynolds had come down from the chair and stood next to Miss Kenton. The
former was stark naked and the latter in her prison uniform but only wearing a
bra above the waist. Even so, both exuded power and authority that came from the
knowledge that the two prisoners were theirs to do with as they wished.

Calmly Miss Kenton snatched the panties from his teeth. She slowly and
deliberately held them by the waistband and started to lash him across the face
with the inside surfaces. Left , right��.left right with considerable force. The
panties were small and light ,even with the added dampness of personal contact
with Miss Reynolds. Even so they hit with a stinging force and soon Stewart's
cheeks, nose and forehead began to smart as he stood with eyes tightly closed,
accepting the beating from the young Wardress.

It took a full two minutes to assuage her anger. Finally she concluded by
fiercely rubbing the crotch around his nostrils then forcing his mouth open and
pushing the panties into his mouth so that his senses tasted , rather than smelt
the mix of sweat, urine and female arousal. He heard her walking behind him and
carefully opened his eyes and looked over his shoulder. His heart sank as he saw
her at the wall rack that contained the canes. Carefully she chose a long thin
example, flexed it between her hands, and then gave a few practice strokes into
thin air that emitted a whirring sound.

She walked back to Samantha and handed her the cane. She in turn examined it in
the same way and commented that it would be a real stinger.

"Sting may be a bit of an understatement" said Miss Kenton. His buttocks look
pretty sensitive, so six hard ones with this should do much to improve his
manners. Right boy, stand facing the chair, legs apart, bend from the waist,
rest your hands on your thighs just above the knees." 

"Samantha, would you be so kind as to sit in the chair again in front of this
wretch, I want him to be fully aware of where his respect is needed."  Samantha
climbed back into the inspection chair. Stewart's head was at a level with her
feet but her knees were now firmly together.  As Miss Kenton raise the cane,
Samantha splayed her knees so that her crotch was displayed to Stewart just as
the cane came whirring down and struck across the lower part of his nates. No
one needed to remind him that this was the area on which he had received the
earlier caning. Miss Kenton had laid on with full force and the punishment cane
seared across his bruised skin like a hot wire. He grunted with pain into the
panty-gag and desperately fought to control his urge to stand and grasp his
buttocks.

The Wardress waited until she estimated that the pain had peaked then brought
the second stroke slashing down on the same area. Once again, Samantha had
waited for the cane to be raised and then ensured that Stewart was looking at
her fully spread crotch as the pain bit. Despite the pain Stewart could not
resist staring at the matted pubic hair and the pink slit for as long as Miss
Reynold's legs remained parted.

The next savage stroke conformed that the bitch was going to lay all the strokes
across the bruises on the lower part of his buttocks and the tops of his thighs.
This was, Stewart surmised, to avoid leaving any evidence of this unofficial
flogging by a junior member of the correctional staff. To hell with the greatly
increased pain that the victim would feel in having the cane laid across
existing weals. As soon as the pain peaked his mind was forced to turn to
controlling his reaction, to remaining in position and to continuing to stare at
the splayed genitalia of Miss Reynolds instead of his eyes being held tightly
shut to absorb the agony.

The fourth stroke cut into the soft and bruised sulcus between his buttocks and
thighs. He almost screamed with the pain and the panties nearly fell out of his
opened mouth.Miss Reynold's grinned at him in amusement and placing her fingers
either side of her vulva, slowly opened it slowly. Even as he absorbed the pain,
Stewart could not help but stare with a mixture of curiousity and lust at the
proffered gash.

The final two strokes were laid across the tops of his taught thighs in quick
succession. Miss Reynold's legs did not have time to close and she pulled the
outer lips fully apart so that her entire vulva was parted to Stewart's gaze. He
dare not move and stood, bent at the waist clutching his knees and shaking with
the pain. After around two minutes and as the pain started to ease he was
ordered to stand.

"Following that brief lesson in manners, we will now get back to the task in
hand." snapped Miss Kenton, still visibly flushed form her exertions. "You, boy,
will now tongue clean Miss Reynolds crotch starting at the start of her buttock
crease. You girl will watch closely as you will be required to show your total
respect next".

Slowly Stewart moved towards the occupant of the gynaecology chair. He kneeled
between the spread legs and brought his tongue up to the start of her furrow.
Miss Reynold's position ensured that the cheeks were well parted and the pubic
hairs did nothing to obscure her puckered brown anus. The area was glistening
with sweat and with as much reverence as he could muster he started to firmly
lick the groove. He forced himself to ignore the musty odour of unwashed skin
and the salty bitter taste that permeated his taste buds. Instead he forced
himself to lick the area clean as his tongue moved inexorably upwards to the
anus.

Steeling himself against is natural reaction of refusal, Stewart pointed his
tongue and pushed it hard against the wrinkled centre. As the girl relaxed her
sphincter he was able to partially penetrate her rectum slightly and then to
stimulate the surrounding muscular circle. Appreciative moaning sounds from
above his head reassured him that another brutal thrashing was not in her mind
for the moment.

Slowly he transferred his attentions to the perineum, licking through the
thicker hairs to wash the area thoroughly. Soon he was at the portals of the
actual sex. This would be make or break concerning any further punishments that
night.  Staring at the lower opening, he turned his head from side to side so
that his tongue could penetrate more deeply as he lapped and sucked the inner
labia. The scent had changed to the now familiar stale urine and powerful musk
of a sexually roused young female. He forced his tongue inwards, around and
upwards, towards her most sensitive nub. The legs closed around his ears
shutting him off from the sounds of the punishment room. He closed his lips
around the erect clitoris and sucked it into the tunnel made by the pursed lips
so that he could tongue tantalise the tip. He was aware of the bucking action
that this caused and even with the thighs trapping his ears he could hear the
loud calls of "Yes��yes��yes��"  as his young mistress reached her climax in her
own little world.  Desperately aware that he had not been told to move away he
continued to slavishly suck and lick even though the thighs had parted and the
abundance of secretion confirmed his success. Eventually Miss Kenton ordered him
to stand.

"Well at last Stewart, we seem to have found something that you can do to our
satisfaction she smiled. Now it's your turn girl, start in the same place and
you had better get the same result!" 

With a look of fear and loathing on her face, Farrell bent between her legs with
her lips only inches from Miss Reynold's genitalia. It may have been the bodily
smells or it may have been the sight of another female, but she moved no closer.
Suddenly, Miss Kenton was in position with the cane and it was brought swishing
down across the lower part of Farrell's nates. The shock was so that the female
prisoner's head was driven into the crotch and, with a sob of pain and
desperation, she started to lick as if her life depended upon the action.

No more "encouragement" from the cane was required; Farrell had broken. She
licked  the slippery groin of the other girl if not with enthusiasm, at least
with some effort and concentration. She did not linger around the anus as
Stewart had but moved rapidly to the dripping wet Vulva. She was soon flicking
her tongue furiously around and at the other girls most sensitive spot. It was
over in seconds with the chaired Miss Reynolds almost screaming in pain as the
second orgasm in minutes overwhelmed her.

Afterwards, as Wardress Kenton replaced her uniform shirt and tie and Miss
Reynolds dressed herself, Stewart and Farrell were ordered to the present
position. They were still naked and still nervous.

"A very successful evening smiled Miss Kenton. True there were lapses on both
your parts but the corrections were well taken and I am sure that you will both
be the better for this additional training. After you have cleaned up Farrell's
little loss of control and tidied the equipment you may dismiss to the showers.
I shall see you both on  parade in the morning."

With that they swept out of the room.

To be continued.




Chapter 23.

Daley paraded her squad in a line outside their accommodation just before eight
in the morning. They stood rigidly at attention in a bitingly cold wind awaiting
the arrival of Miss Kenton. The female prisoners were dressed in their
schoolgirl style uniforms and it wasn't long before Stewart could hear their
teeth chattering and sense the shivering from the females on either side of him.

"How long will she be?" came a whispered voice. 

"For heavens sake keep quiet" snapped Daley, also under her breath. "Don't give
her
any excuses".

It was a full twenty minutes of body chilling coldness before the firm clicks of
their Junior Wardress's boots could be heard approaching. She stood, dressed in
a heavy warm uniform overcoat in front of them. Daley called them to the
"present" and Miss Kenton slowly walked down the front and then the rear of
their line, her eyes taking in every item of their dress as she inspected them.
The hair, the clean white shirts, the thrusting cold nipples forming points
under the material, the ties, skirts and shoes. Stewart, dressed in his denim
shirt and shorts hardly merited a glance. Eventually she moved back to the front
and stood them at ease with their hands behind their backs and feet apart.

" Good, a continuing improvement in smartness, keep it up." she said
encouragingly.  "I have a few announcements to make, so listen carefully."

"I don't intend to repeat myself about the standards I expect from you,
sufficient to say that two prisoners, Farrell and the male prisoner Stewart
failed to achieve the required standard and received a little extra tuition last
night. Unfortunately, one other offender remains to be dealt with, Perring!"

There was a gasp of horror from the overweight girl.

"Surprised Perring? I suppose you thought that you had got away with it. Your
ridiculous gyrations under punishment broke one of your bra straps. Did you
really think I wouldn't take action against such careless damage to centre
property? Remove your tie and shirt, I want to inspect your repair to the
brassiere."

Perring quickly removed her tie then her shirt, handed them to the waiting Daley
and snapped to the present. She stood in the bitterly cold wind, shivering with
both fear and cold awaiting the next order. Her huge melon like breasts bulged
out of the restraining bra with nipples, turgid from the cold wind, protruding
though the bra material.

Casually Miss Kenton moved in front of the girl. She pulled on her left shoulder
strap and lifted her heavy breast as she examined the crude attempt at a repair.
With a sudden snap the stitches gave way and the breast sagged.

"This is unbelievable" snapped the wardress. " I have never seen such untidy
stitching. How dare you treat Centre property in this casual manner? This calls
for a 
serious response." She then stood back, thinking to herself.

"Governor's Report for you my girl!" she suddenly snapped. "Daley and Stewart
will act as your escorts," and glancing at her watch��"You will report to her at
1400hours."

Slowly the shivering girl dressed again in her shirt and tie. Her left breast
sagged downwards without the support of the bra strap and she had to lift it so
that the shirt would button completely. Meanwhile the squad were left to their
thoughts.

None of them had met the Lady Governess as yet. She was rumoured to be a very
successful businesswoman in her mid forties who, having made a considerable
fortune, had changed direction and joined the new correctional service at the
behest of a group of leading politicians. It was said that most of the rules and
conditions at the centres had been drawn up by her, using her political contacts
to ensure that they were rapidly passed into law.  From what they had heard from
the other prisoners, she had virtually unlimited powers of punishment and was
utterly ruthless in dealing with any infractions of the rules. The squad were
called to attention and dismissed to their morning lectures.

They took their places in the allocated classroom and leapt to attention as the
teacher entered.  In walked Miss Donnelly; aged around 25 she was tall,
extremely slim with short fair hair and an almost kindly face with an engaging
smile. She wore the usual teacher's academic gown over a sensible skirt and
blouse.

"Good morning class." She commenced. " This morning I have been told to instruct
you in the contents of the Centre Procedure Manual. Please open your copy to
page forty-six."

The class retrieved the heavy black book from inside their desks and opened it.
The briefest glance revealed that this was the document that contained the
procedures that caused them so much distress and formed, along with the corporal
punishments, the basis for the training in the establishment. What had appeared
to be individualistic procedures thought up by a single wardress on the spur of
the moment, were, in reality, laid down in writing for all the staff to follow.
The opened page was titled "Inspections-underwear."

Miss Donnelly reminded the class that the Centre required a high standard of
cleanliness at all times and that this most certainly included their underwear.
Any member of the staff could check these items at any time and report any
lapses in the  standards required. How these would be dealt with would be at the
discretion of the Junior Wardress who was in charge of their squad. She added,
with a shudder, that they should never forget that although finding a dirty or
soiled bra was pretty unusual, it could result in being awarded a "BRD" or
Breast Related Demerit as well as a routine punishment. A soiled pair of
panties, or at least, soiled in the opinion of the staff member, might be more
frequent but at least they wouldn't potentially result in such a cruel
discipline.

She went on to describe the way in which the examination would be carried out,
how they would have to stand with their legs wide and how they would then have
to lower their small white bikini panties to their knees so that the crotch was
stretched and fully displayed. Their arms were to be bent at right angles at the
elbow, the left in front and the right behind, holding their skirts up above
their waists. The staff were told to look for any signs of staining, especially
round the thin rear section that chafed into the anal cleft. Sweat was
acceptable but it all depended on the discretion of the staff member. If they
thought your panties were soiled then there was no argument or question about
it, even if you thought that they were spotless. In reply to a question from
Farell as to whether allowances would be made for a female who was
under-strapped, Miss Donnelly emphatically stated that no exceptions were ever
made. After all, as she explained: if the crotch was totally clean then even if
the strap was fitted over the panties, they would remain unmarked.

She concluded by giving some rather personal tips on feminine hygiene that would
keep the material clean for as long as possible and then passed on to brassiere
inspections.

For these the females would be ordered to strip to the waist leaving just the
bra on. Hands were to be fully extended above their heads and held there until
the final garment in their group had been checked. Again, sweat patches were
acceptable and for a BRD to be recommended there would have to be some really
obvious marks or damage. If the squad leader permitted under arm shaving, as
Miss Kenton did, this would also be checked during this procedure.

The subject then moved on to the Governor's report procedure as she had heard
that one of the group was about to take part in one. Finally the mandatory tests
were administered which everyone passed and the class was dismissed to their
next duty.

The duty had been labelled as "Cleaning duties" which was a task that was new to
them. Back in their accommodation they changed into their work wear which
consisted of the normal regulation bra and panties, their stockings and
suspender belts were removed and sleeveless denim shirts and short skirts were
put on. Finally, a pair of heavy black ankle length work boots were donned.
Stewart remained in his denim shirt and shorts as this was the nearest he could
fund in his limited wardrobe to that dress. Daley then marched them across a
sports field and into a long low building. Outside was a sign that stated "Staff
Gymnasium" Once inside they building they marched downstairs to the basement
where the toilet facilities were situated and formed two ranks in a clear area.
To their surprise and consternation, instead of a wardress appearing, in walked
a young male of around eighteen dressed in black trousers and a uniform shirt
and tie. The squad sprang to attention and he stood in front of them, a
lecherous grin on his face.

They had heard rumours that some males were occasionally employed at the centre
but this was the first time they had seen one. He lost no time in letting them
know who he was:

"My name is Charles Billington, you will address me as "Sir". I am employed here
during the school holidays for work experience as a trainee warder before I go
to university to take a course in correctional studies. Today I have been given
the job of supervising your group for two hours of work in these washrooms.
Before you ask, I am eighteen years old so, yes, several of you are old enough
to be my mother. I may be at the bottom of the pile here as a staff member, but
that still leaves me utterly superior to you and believe me, you had better obey
my every order."

Stewart was, to say the least; apprehensive about where he stood in regard to
this young man's intentions. He certainly doubted that he was as old as eighteen
as he looked scarcely sixteen. He was somewhat concerned when he called him over
to a corner of the room. 

" Relax Stewart, I am only interested in the female prisoners, so get some
cleaning kit and occupy yourself with polishing something. Stay where you can
see what's going on and keep your mouth shut." And then, with a conspiratorial
wink, the warder went back to the female group. He called them to the present
position and walked first past their front and then down the rear of their rank
in a military type inspection. 

He slowly and carefully looked each female up and down from both sides. Much as
they hated this behaviour from the young boy they all remained rigidly at
attention staring straight ahead. The slightest mark or crease in their denim
shirts would be noted by his finger gently tapping the spot, needless to say,
the stretched material over the larger breasts was found to have an unusual
number of such marks. When he stood in front of Perrin he rapidly noted her
lopsided breasts. He slowly cupped the lower breast with his right hand and
lifted it to be level with it's sister. Still holding it he asked the blushing
female why her chest was uneven. Stumbling and stuttering with embarrassment she
explained the cause.

"Unfasten the buttons on your shirt." He snapped.

Hands shaking, Perrin followed out the order and was then told to pull the shirt
from her skirt waistband and resume the present. Casually and slowly he pulled
the shirt wide and stared at her huge white breasts encased in the prison issue
bra. Then he held the unbroken strap with his fingers and hefted the breast
upwards. After suddenly releasing it so that the breast fell back into place, he
did the same to the other side. Next he ordered his victim to remove her shirt
completely.

"Well girl, we can't have you damaging your underwear any further. Take off the
bra, you can carry out the work in here topless."

Perrin had no choice other than to obey the young boy. She removed her bra which
he took from her and snapped back to the present with her hands behind her head
and elbows well back. It came as no surprise when he dropped the bra on the
floor and savagely gripped both nipples with his fingers. He started to jerk
them both up and down causing the large white mounds to flop and ripple with the
movement. Suddenly he stopped, released the grip and moved to the next female,
treading on the bra as he walked away.

Eventually he completed his inspection, pointed out the cupboard where the
cleaning materials were kept and allocated the various jobs. Five of the females
were told to clean the six ladies toilets and the others were ordered to polish
the already shining floor.

The equipment supplied was minimal. In the box marked "Toilets" there were small
scouring pads, floor cloths and small dry towels. The only items that could be
found for the floor were large cloths and a giant tin of industrial polish.

One of the female prisoners, a tall blonde, walked back to the young man and
informed him that there was no way that the bowls could be cleaned as there
wasn't a lavatory brush in site. A total silence fell as everyone present saw
the look of smug satisfaction light up the warder's face.

Stewart had noticed her before but this was the first time she had tried to
stand up for herself. She was aged around thirty-five, about five feet ten
inches tall with her long fair hair in a ponytail. He had heard that before
being sentenced to a term at the Correctional Centre she had been employed as a
model and had been regularly featured in those very expensive ladies magazines
that well off females buy. Apparently she specialised in underwear
advertisements and had the figure to achieve success and the income that went
with it. This previous status was to be of little help to her in this room
thought Stewart.

"Name?" snapped the warder to the woman who had had the good sense to come to
the attention position.

" Prisoner 384  Carstairs Sir!" she snapped out.

" Ah yes��Carstairs��I overheard the wardresses talking about you.  They showed
me one of those magazines that you worked for where you were prancing about in
just your bra and knickers looking down your nose at the camera. They wondered
how long you would be able to play little Miss Humble before your real arrogant
self surfaced. How fortunate you are that my powers of punishment are so
restricted, however, I could always put you on report if you cause me any
trouble. You don't intend to cause me any trouble?��.and you will be totally
obedient to me?��.

Carstairs swallowed her pride. She realised that she would have to do whatever
this little jerk wanted in the hope that he would keep quiet. Perhaps he had no
powers, perhaps she could report him, but there again she would be taking a
terrible risk if he was doing this with the Centre's knowledge.
 

" Yes Sir, whatever you say Sir."

"Good. I've seen how you look in the magazines so lets see how you look in
prison issue underwear.  Prepare for a brassiere inspection!"

Inside Carstairs was fuming. How could this little peasant order her around like
this. Fortunately she pulled herself together and quickly removed her denim
shirt, dropped it on the floor and stood, legs wide and arms thrust above her
head for inspection. She was much taller than the warder, especially at full
stretch. She was slim, like most models but her breasts were full and heavy
which made her so successful with brassiere advertisements. Those breasts were
thrust towards him as if she was offering them to him. She stared straight ahead
and waited.

At first, he fumbled with her. Where his hands touched the uncovered flesh she
could feel the clammy sweat on his palms and fingers. The bra was the regulation
prison size, smaller than ideal, so her large firm breasts were tightly
constricted with the surplus bulging over the top. He transferred his fingers to
her armpits where he dragged his nails on both hands upward from the bra strap
over the shaved stubble. Next he cupped both breasts in his palms and hefted
them up and down a few times. Then the adolescent groping really started.

For a while he was content to feel and rub the encased mammarys. Despite her
revulsion the nipples quickly responded to the irritation and swelled
prominently. Soon however he stood back and ordered her to removed the garment.
Carstairs nearly objected, but swallowed her pride and humiliation she unclipped
the back strap and handed the bra into the waiting hands with the grubby
fingernails. He carefully examined every inch of the material and sniffed the
underarm straps for sweat residue. He clearly knew that if he could find any
fault, he could recommend a BRD for her.

"What size bra is this?" he enquired.

"Size 36 C Sir." She replied blushing furiously.

"Lets see how firm your tits are without support." He sneered. "Run on the spot
until I tell you to stop."  Carstairs was all too aware that all the other
females and Stewart were gathered around watching as she started to jog and her
breasts started to quiver. She had always prided herself on their firmness but
knew that if this youth wanted them to move, he would sooner or later find some
method of achieving that. 

The running order was changed to jumping on the spot and that caused them to
bounce uncomfortably upwards then slapping down on the rib cage as her feet hit
the floor each time. It seemed like hours to the girl but it was only two
minutes before she was told to stand still. Her arms, still thrust high, were
aching and drained of blood but she knew better than to lower them. He walked
over to the box of cleaning materials, and when he returned she was puzzled to
see what he was holding in her hand.

The young warder held a plastic scourer from the cleaning kit. Holding it firmly
he pressed it against her right nipple, and then slowly started to rub it round
the protruding stalk and the swollen aureola.  The harder he rubbed, the firmer
the nipple became as if it welcomed this action. Soon the roughness changes to
soreness and then to considerable pain. Instinctively Carstairs dropped her
hands protectively over her right breast. 

She immediately realised her mistake and shot her hands upwards again with the
words: "Sorry Sir!" 

He young tormentor said nothing. He simply continued to chafe the sore teat for
another minute or so. Next he transferred the scouring pad to her left nipple
and the torture started again.  By the time he was satisfied, both of the
nipples and their surrounds were swollen red and inflamed. Her arms ached and
her whole body was shaking with the strain of keeping them up high. She
gratefully obeyed his next command when he told her to place her arms at her
side.

Seemingly the boy felt that he had achieved the required degree of fear and
respect amongst the prisoners and he then ordered them to commence their
cleaning duties. Carstairs was ordered to scrub the inside of all the toilet
bowls with the very scouring pad that had been used on her nipples. She started
the work without further protest.

All of the prisoners were only too aware that their postures during their work
were serving to provide the young man with the most provocative of views. Those
bending over, when viewed from behind revealed all of their legs as high as
their panty crotch as the short denim skirts rode high. Carstairs and Perrin who
were both working topless were under his constant gaze with the latter obliged
to polish the floor on her hands and knees with her dangling breasts almost
brushing the floor as they swung and swayed. Many chores had to be repeated over
and over again until he was satisfied with the cleanliness and the polish. The
toilet bowls and seats were sparkling which was more than could be said for the
cleaners as they sweated and laboured at their tasks.

After an hour of hard solid work the group, including Stewart were called back
to in line attention and dismissed. Hurriedly the two half-naked females grabbed
their bras and shirts from the floor and rapidly donned them as they marched up
the stairs and back to their block. They were all aware that the time was
rapidly approaching when Perrin would be on report to the Governess of the
Correctional Facility.

To be continued.




Chapter 24.

It was five minutes to two o'clock in the afternoon. Stewart and Daley had
reported to the Governess's office in plenty of time with their reluctant
charge, the prisoner Perrin.

They had done their best to make her as presentable as possible for the
interview. 
She looked somewhat grubby, hot and frightened at the thought of her forthcoming
meeting with the Prison head. All that they had managed to find time for was a
quick wash down in the sink as she changed back into her schoolgirl uniform. Her
bra had to be left in its torn condition but otherwise she looked in good
shape��but who were they to judge!

There were two other prisoners on report and under escort in the waiting room: a
woman in her late thirties, around five foot four inches tall with shoulder
length dark hair and a young fair headed girl scarcely in her twenties. 

The seats were arranged in threes with two padded seats either side of a
specially constructed seat for the prisoners. This was in the form of a raised
stool that was far enough from the ground to ensure that the feet remained clear
of the floor. The seat of these stools however was far from padded and consisted
of a metal grating with thin metal slats arranged vertically, similar to a
domestic foot-scraper. The constant grimaces and gasps of the prisoners
indicated that the edges of the metal dug uncomfortably into their soft bottoms.
If a female had been punished on this area in the last few days the seat could
only add to her discomfort. Additionally, the heavier and plumper the buttocks
were, the more the blades would dig into their seat and thigh tops. 

Notices on the wall demonstrated the way the prisoners were to sit: They were to
be bolt upright, knees were to be well apart and their hands were to be resting
mid-way along their upper thighs. An all too visible TV camera with it's winking
red light ensured that no one was stupid enough to deviate in the slightest from
those instructions.

A faint scent of girl-sweat hung in the air of the warm room as the clearly
frightened females awaited the call into the office. Only the younger girl
remained dry eyed; the other two sniffed back their tears. Perrin was pale and
visibly sweating with the fear and anticipation; damp patches were already
appearing around her collar and underarms.

The time dragged. It was almost 2.15pm when activity could be heard behind the
door marked "Governess". Female conversation, laughter and the scraping of
chairs preceded the door being opened. Out strode one of the section wardresses.

"The Governess has decided to have you all in her office during the interviews
and sentencing. You girl," she said pointing to the young blonde "will be tried
first and the others will stand at the side of the room against the wall. March
this way."

With gasps and groans of discomfort the three prisoners lowered themselves from
the penance stools and, with their escorts, marched into the room. They stood,
as directed, with their backs to the now closed door and facing the windows.

The office was large, thickly carpeted and well lit. At one end there was a huge
mahogany desk with the usual VDU and keyboard.  In front of the desk was a small
white spot that the offender was expected to stand on. Behind the desk stood
three fully uniformed and hatted junior wardresses including their own section
head Miss Kenton.
In a large comfortable swivel chair sat the Governess. Mrs Gurney, as she was
known outside the establishment, was in her mid forties. Of average height she
was slim with a decidedly feminine figure that her smart business suit and
blouse did little to hide. Her prematurely greying hair was swept back in a
formal bun and she wore rimless pebble glasses that her cold grey eyes looked
over at the first prisoner. Her appearance was that of a prim no-nonsense
headmistress but, to each prisoner who found themselves in her presence, she was
the most feared person they had ever met in their lives. They knew only too well
that she not only had almost unlimited control over them but could also order
them to be punished in the most degrading and painful ways.

The young blonde girl stood rigidly at attention her whole being totally
terrified by the Governess's fixated stare. Her pale face seemed well scrubbed
and her hair was shiny with health and pulled back into a ponytail. Her large
innocent eyes reminded Stewart of those of a terrified young doe. She had a
large mouth, full and pouting with her even white teeth visible as she anxiously
licked her lips. She was slim but the mounds of her young breasts could be
discerned under the crisp white uniform shirt as she stood with her shoulders
thrust back Either side of her, and turned towards her as the instructions
required, stood her two fellow squad members. The Governess broke the silence:

"First charge if you please"

One of the junior wardresses moved quickly to the side of the desk, coughed
nervously and started to read from a sheet on a clipboard.

"With your permission Madam, Prisoner 233 Peterson is charged with insolence to
a Senior Wardress. The complaint report states that during a surprise panty
inspection for her squad, she was found to have soiled underwear. When she was
informed of this she said words to the effect that the senior wardress must have
made a mistake and asked her to look again in an insolent and disrespectful
manner. She was immediately placed on Report."

"I see," said the Governess, "I assume that the panty offence was dealt with at
the time?"

"Indeed Madam." Replied the junior wardress. " She received an immediate
thrashing with the standard senior wardress strap across her buttocks. However
it was felt that the insolence was too serious to be dealt with by a summary
punishment."

"Quite so��.quite so��." Replied the Governess deep in thought. "Please read me
her conduct record."

The junior wardress picked up a large thick file from the desk. Stewart noticed
that there was a full length photograph of the girl on the front and assumed,
correctly, that a similar file existed for every prisoner at the centre. 

"Prisoner 233 Peterson, Amanda. Age 20 years. She has been sentenced to nine
months in this centre for insolence to a female police officer and resisting
arrest following a driving offence. She has received no individual formal
punishments since her arrival five weeks ago but has been warned on two
occasions by me for lack of respect, both times receiving an informal three
strokes with my strap. She has received the strap from several other wardress's
for minor offences. Last week she received twenty strokes of the heavy strap as
part of a group punishment for lack of effort by her squad. I would categorise
her conduct as average with a tendency to show lack of respect for the staff
when under pressure. As this offence took place in front of her fellow prisoners
Madam, I would ask that her punishment reflects the severity of her offence."
 

The silence returned.

The Governess stared at the now trembling girl over her spectacles as she
considered her fate.

"Peterson. I won't waste my breath lecturing you about your need to totally
accept the authority of my staff or the foolishness that you displayed in daring
to criticise one of my senior wardresses. Instead I will let a session in the
punishment room convince you.
You will receive 18 strokes of the grade one cane across your buttocks. I trust
that you will learn from that infliction that I do not tolerate your attitude in
my Centre."

Even the junior wardresses were taken aback at the severity of the sentence.
Admittedly the grade one cane was the lightest of the real punishment canes but
it was still a heavy bitch to take��.and�� eighteen strokes!  Peterson was white
with shock and  visibly shaking as she was led to the side of the room. Again
there was silence broken only by the rustle of the paper in the file as the
sentence was entered and signed by Mrs Gurney.

The sentenced prisoner and her escorts joined the other groups along the
sidewall and the older female prisoner was marched to stand on the spot. No one
in the room was under the impression other than that the Governess was in a
particularly foul mood that afternoon and even her limited compassion would not
be exercised.

The junior wardresses changed place and a short thin miserable looking wardress
of about 23 picked up the next file.  Stewart couldn't but think to himself how
much more attractive the elder woman was compared to her guard, who, though not
positively ugly, was sour faced and had, from what he could see under her hat,
an almost shaved hairstyle. It was easy for him to speculate about her sexual
orientation. Standing at attention, the mature prisoner seemed to be proudly
thrusting her matronly bosom forward in comparison with what seemed to be a
totally flat chest on the guard.

Only slightly overweight, her face had the rather haughty and yet attractive
look that one would have expected from someone who had held a senior position in
a large company. Without the benefit of make-up the age wrinkles were visible
particularly around her eyes. Stewart almost felt sorry for her. Whatever
humiliation the younger girls must feel in this Correctional Centre, a mature
woman of previous authority must feel particularly vulnerable to the orders and
capricious nature of a young wardress such as the bitch that had brought her
here. His mind was wandering to the effects on this prisoner of being subjected
to the more personal demands of the wardress when the Governess's voice snapped
him back to the present.

"The next charge if you please." Said the Governess as she signed the sentence
order on the previous prisoner's file.

"With you permission Madam, Prisoner 377 Harper has been charged under the Dress
regulations for wearing a brassiere during Physical Training contrary to the
rules as laid down for clothing to be worn whilst exercising." 

" I see," the Governess replied."Surely this could have been dealt with by the
PT Instructress at the time."

"Indeed Madam," continued the young wardress, " A summary strapping was given
but then when the paperwork was completed it was realised that this was her
third Breast Related Offence and would require further punishment under your
authority."

The Governess sat bolt upright.

"You mean that despite all the warnings about incurring more than three breast
related demerits yet another prisoner has done just that?"

"I'm afraid so Madam." Replied the wardress in an exasperated voice.

"Read me her conduct record and then the details of her BRD's".

"As you wish Madam. Prisoner 377 Harper Jane, Allison, is 43 years old and was
employed as a director in a large retail company. She has been sentenced to 12
months detention having been found guilty of embezzlement of her employer's
funds. At her trial she was insolent to the lady judge who ordered that the
sentence was to be served here. She has been here for ten weeks and has received
three official punishments consisting of ten strokes of the strap, fifteen
strokes of the strap and one of twelve strokes of the cane. She has also
received numerous summary punishments. Her conduct is assessed as poor with
little or no respect for authority." 

Turning to another page she resumed: " She has collected two previous BRD's, one
for being found wearing a soiled brassiere and the other for wearing a non-issue
support brassiere. The present offence occurred when the PT Instructress noticed
that her breasts were not moving freely under her vest during exercise . When
checked she was found to be wearing a small half cup bra that partly supported
her breasts and restricted some movement. When questioned she stated:"Please
Miss, my breasts are heavy, and it hurts when they have no support."

Again, silence whilst the wretched woman was examined over the tops of the
Governesses spectacles. Harper stood to attention, trying to control her fear.
She hoped against hope that there would be some level of sympathy in the heart
of the woman behind the desk. After all they were of a similar age and she too
had large breasts so must surely know how tender they could be at certain times
of the month. She could see that her breasts were being looked over and her
hopes rose��..only to be sadly dashed.

"The prisoner will remove her tie and shirt." Snapped Mrs Gurney.

Harper hesitated, looking around the room and at Stewart in particular clearly
concerned at what would be a public display of her underwear. Slowly she removed
the tie and then unbuttoned the shirt, pulled it clear of her tight waistband .
She then slipped it off her shoulders and  handed them both to one of her
escorts . She resumed the attention position. 

Her breasts were certainly large and more than filled the tight prison
regulation bra. cups. Stewart noticed the way that her skin bulged slightly over
the waistband and how the shoulder straps dug furrows into her shoulders.
Despite the support from the bra, the very weight of the breasts caused them to
hang lower than those would of a younger girl of equal size.

"Present position." Ordered the Governess.

Feet wide apart,  hands on the back of her head and elbows pulled wide back. The
first thing Stewart noticed was how thick the dark armpit hair was. Clearly this
was a squad whose leader did not allow shaving. The position lifted the breasts
noticeably.

"What bra size do you take?" enquired the Governess.

"Size 38 with normally an E cup Madam, but under the prison rules I wear a size
smaller."

The Governess stood and moved to the other side of the prisoner to where Stewart
and the other prisoners stood  She examined the covered breasts closely over the
top of her glasses. 

"I wish to see how much support you need, start running on the spot with your
knees high until I say stop." She ordered.

Harper started jogging, still with her hands behind her head. As she got into a
steady rhythm with her knees high her breasts moved up and down in time to it's
respective knee. The exposed flesh above the top of the cups rippled and flexed.
After two minutes she was told to stop and she then stood getting her breath
back.

"Remove the bra." came the next instruction from the Prison Governess. Harper
reached behind her back and pulled the sides together to unclip the broad
back-strap.
As she released her grip and transferred her hands to underneath the cups the
breasts sagged under their considerable weight. She slid the bra free, handed it
to her escort and resumed the "present " position. It was difficult to assess
whether the flush on her face was from the exertion or the humiliation of having
to display herself in front of all the young females and the lone male.

Despite the upwards pull to the chest by her arm position, the breasts still
hung low and around two thirds of their underside clung to her chest. The
breasts were heavy and almost tubular in shape with short fat nipples and the
largest brown aureole that Stewart could remember seeing. They must measure four
inches across he mused to himself.

Casually the Governess grasped each nipple between her fingers and thumbs and
lifted them quickly almost to the woman's shoulders. As Harper gritted her teeth
she just as quickly dropped them so that they slapped back into place. She then
stepped back and gave the wretched prisoner another order.

"Hands on head, start running��.and ..I want to see those knees high!" 

Harper started jogging. She put all her effort into the exercise and lifted her
knees to almost waist level so that her stockinged thighs and lower panty area
constantly flashed in and out of sight. Her breasts bounced up and down, firstly
in synchronisation with each other then to their own individual rhythm. Her face
was screwed up with pain as she fought to keep moving. The longer the exercise
continued the more her whole body became obliged to move to sustain the
momentum. As her torso flexed around her spine her large breasts started a
swinging moment to add to their vertical one. One minute after the order to move
had been given the breasts were swinging, flopping and rippling as they bounced
against the rib cage and even slapped into each other.

When the order to stop came, the wretched woman was left gasping for breath with
her face still reflecting the pain the movement had caused. Her skin was covered
in a thin sheen of sweat.

The Governess resumed her seat." It is hardly the fault of the Centre that you
have large breasts Harper. They certainly do move somewhat when exercising and I
agree that a bra would offer some support and prevent a certain amount of
discomfort, however, you are hear to learn obedience. If we made concessions for
you and some of the other, shall we say, well endowed prisoners, it would make a
mockery of our policy of treating you all fairly and equally. The rules clearly
state that female prisoners are to be exercised without breast support and that
is the way it will be done.
I regard your attempts to circumvent that rule with considerable irritation. I
normally avoid ordering breast punishments but in you case such a discipline
will clearly be the only solution."

Mrs Gurney then started writing at the bottom of the form ignoring the quaking
woman standing and awaiting her fate. After a few lines of writing and the
flourish of a signature she looked up. The junior wardress called her to
attention and the Governess spoke:

"Prisoner 377 Harper. You are sentenced to a Breast Punishment in accordance
with the rules of this Correctional Centre. I intend that this shall be severe.
You will receive sixteen strokes of the approved cane upon each breast. The
punishment is to be carried out during the next two weeks at a time convenient
to my staff. You may dress and resume your position by the door."

Once again even the wardresses were impressed. The prisoner appeared devastated.
The thought of having to offer up her most sensitive objects to be deliberately
hurt terrified her. And yet she realised, as she dressed, the total
inevitability of the sentence being carried out. The added torment would be the
delay. Would she be caned today, or would the staff drag the ordeal out and make
her wait fourteen days. What would happen if they accused her of another breast
offence in that time? A shudder ran through her frame when she realised that
there could only be one answer to that question.
 

Eventually Perrin was called forward and the three moved into position in front
of the desk. Miss Kenton, looking as attractive and feminine as ever, read out
the charges. The Governess's order to remove the tie and shirt was inevitable
and Perrin soon stood at the present to display the torn bra. The Governess
asked Miss Kenton to pass it to her and this she did as soon as the prisoner had
removed it.

Carefully, the garment was scrutinised as its owner stood watching. Stewart
feasted his eyes on the poor girl's huge breasts. She was certainly overweight
to the point of being fat. Her arms were podgy and her stomach hung over the
waistband of her uniform skirt Her breasts hung like two large pink party
balloons that had been filled with water. He could well imagine the effect of a
cane on the soft feminine flesh.

At last the Governess spoke:

"There seem to have been several offences committed by this prisoner." She
intoned."Firstly, I must congratulate Miss Kenton on taking such prompt action
to bring this problem to my notice. I intend to treat your attitude problems
rigorously in the hope that we can achieve an early transition to a properly
obedient prisoner."

"Firstly girl. we must deal with your obesity. You will be placed on a stringent
diet and be subjected to extra PT to help you burn off some of that weight. This
will not be pleasant for you and should you fail to make any weekly target
weight you will be severely dealt with. I will personally review your results
and yourself in a months time."

"Secondly, there is the question of damaging Centre property by your careless
movement during punishment. For that you will receive fifteen strokes of the
heavy strap across your buttocks."

"Thirdly, to train you to restrict your movements, that punishment will be given
to you unsecured. This means that you will have to control yourself and remain
presented for the strap. Should you fail to do so an extra stroke will be
awarded at the discretion of the punishing wardress for each time you move
excessively."

"Fourthly, as a punishment for your appalling sewing, you will receive six
lashes with your Junior Wardress's strap across each hand."

"Finally, I am awarding two Breast Related Demerits, one for breaking the strap
and another for repairing it in such a slovenly manner. I'm sure that I don't
have to remind you that any further breast offences will result in you lining up
for punishment with Harper. Do you have any questions?"

"Nnno Madam." Replied the dazed female.

Perrin was told to resume her position with the others and replace her clothing.

As she completed the paperwork the Governess glanced back at the staff members
and told them that the punishments to the first and last prisoner would be
carried out immediately and asked them to take the victims and their escorts
into the nearest Punishment room. Senior Wardress James would be inflicting the
sentence and she would meet them there.

With that final remark the Governess dismissed the group of Wardresses and
prisoners from her presence.

To be continued.




Chapter 25.

It was but a short walk to the nearest Punishment room. This one happened to be
the main such room for the entire Correctional Facility. It was the place where
all the really serious offences were dealt with. 

It was constructed out of the basement to the main administration block and was
brightly illuminated, approximately seventy feet long and twenty-five feet wide.
The ceiling was around twelve feet high with beams at frequent intervals. The
walls were white painted blocks and the floors completely covered in light grey
plastic tiles. Along the walls were the inevitable racks of straps, canes and
similar equipment. About a dozen securing devices ranging from what were
obviously punishment blocks, inspection couches and whipping frames to somewhat
less obvious furniture that the prisoners could only wonder about. Rows of
comfortable chairs ranged along one wall for any audience that might be invited.
High in the ceiling, the inevitable CCTV cameras were positioned to record any
punishment under the glaring lights. At the far end was what appeared to be a
holding cell with an iron barred door and windows. A smell of disinfectant hung
in the damp air.

The two girls awaiting sentence, the prisoner Harper and all the escorts were
roughly pushed into this cell by one of the wardresses who slammed and locked
the door behind them. Inside the unlit room the bare brick walls and damp
concrete floor only added to the air of foreboding that they all felt. The room
was cold and damp with a chill draft from a large grill in the ceiling; it took
only a few minutes until they were all shivering as they sat on the hard bench
seats that comprised the only furniture. A stainless steel bucket sat in a far
corner.

They could see into the main room through the bars. The three Assistant
Wardresses were filling in the time until their supervisor arrived by examining
the equipment. The sour faced slim wardress was taking a keen interest in a tall
square post that reached from the floor to one of the ceiling beams. Her name,
it would seem was Miss Curtis. Various pads were fixed to the forward face and
securing straps hung down at differing heights.

Miss Kenton said that she recognised the post from the videos she had seen in
training. It was the Breast Punishment Frame. She stood with her back to it and
showed the other two how the victim could be secured with the feet apart and a
thick band around her waist. A large pad could then be placed between the
shoulder blades to force the chest forward whilst the hands were held above the
head and behind the thick post-lifting the targets up and thrusting them
forward. She paused for a moment in the position that the victim would be
secured. She held her hands up and behind her forcing her elbows back. Miss
Curtis reached out and adjusted the pad between Miss Kenton's shoulder blades so
that her breasts had to thrust even further forward. The exited look on her face
as she stared at her colleagues proffered bust did not go unnoticed by the
watching prisoners. After a brief moment or two Miss Kenton lowered her arms
and, with a shudder, she clutched her breasts protectively.

"Wouldn't you just love seeing my boobs punished Curtis," she whispered to the
other wardress with an enigmatic smile.

The main entrance door opened and in came the duty Nurse. It was the same one
that had attended Stewart when he had the examination by Dr Jayne Hargreaves.
She carried a large equipment bag that she placed on one of the tables.

" Good afternoon ladies." She said with a frosty smile. "Strictly speaking the
two prisoners should be examined down at the centre before they are dealt with,
but Miss James has just phoned and asked that as they are only due for light
discipline, I examine them here. Not their lucky day is it? Firstly they catch
the Governor in a really foul mood and then they have to face just about the
most severe wardress that we have on the staff here." She delved into her bag
and retrieved a pair of surgical gloves, which she slipped on.

Miss Curtis opened the cell door and ordered them all out. The two victims were
told to stand in front of the nurse and the others ordered to take a seat along
the observation wall.

"Strip down to your underwear both of you." Said the nurse with hardly a glance
in their direction. Soon, they both stood side by side dressed only in their
regulation prison bras, panties, suspender belts, stockings and shoes. They were
both shaking from the cold of the holding cell and the knowledge of that which
was to come.

It would have been difficult to have found two females with a greater difference
in body shape. Peterson's body was tall, slim and fit with what seemed to be
firm muscle tone. Her breasts were small and looked pointed. Her back was narrow
and her buttocks small and tight. In comparison, the older Perrin looked a mess
with her torn bra, swelling breasts, podgy arms, huge hanging buttocks with the
panties forced up into the anal cleft and thick podgy thighs. All the evidence
of the previous punishments were there. Peterson's buttocks, partly covered by
her panties, were heavily bruised from a previous strapping. Perrin's whole
flabby buttocks were displayed and the lower third bore the bruises of the group
caning.

Perrin was examined first.

Her panties were pulled out of the cleft and down to her thighs. A thermometer
was forced into her anus. Moving round to her front the nurse told her to open
her mouth and, with a tongue depressor and a light, examined inside. A
stethoscope was run briefly over her chest and back and then a blood pressure
cuff was used on her left arm.

Finally she was told to bend over with legs apart and the thermometer was pulled
roughly out of her cleft. After reading Perrin's temperature, the nurse ordered
Peterson to bend over, pulled her panties down and roughly inserted the
thermometer between her tight cheeks. With the only lubrication being provided
earlier by Perrin, this caused a sharp gasp from the younger girl. 

It then took the nurse several minutes to complete some forms that were
required. During this time Peterson remained in position. Eventually the nurse
walked behind her and with a snatching motion, withdrew the object from her
anus. An even more perfunctory examination was carried out on the girl than had
been given to Perrin and soon, having adjusted their underwear, they both stood
at attention awaiting the next order.

As if on cue, the door opened again and in strode Miss James. Without
hesitation, the whole room sprang to attention, including the wardresses and
nurse. Everyone present had either heard of Miss James's reputation, or like
Stewart, had experienced her severity at first hand. She formally greeted the
staff members and then glanced down the line of escort prisoners. The only one
she recognised was Stewart and as her eyes looked him over, he felt his knees
turn to jelly.

"Good afternoon Stewart." She said almost smiling. She stood hands on hips, in
full uniform savouring his apparent fear. "Step forward Boy!"

Frightened, Stewart stood at attention in front of her.

"Relax, I'm not here to thrash you. You can however act as my personal
assistant. Stand just behind me and follow me around." Stewart relaxed slightly,
he had no idea of what he would be used for, but at least he wasn't in line for
a punishment just yet.

All Miss James had to do was stand in front of the two girls awaiting
infliction. They literally shook with fear having heard the reports of this
woman's merciless punishments. They entered the room with little hope and they
now had none.

"I will deal with the fat girl first.  Stewart, come here!"said Miss James.

"Stewart, you will remove the prisoners clothes and place them on the small
table next to her." She continued.

Stewart snapped out an answer "Yes Madam." And knelt down in front of the
shaking female. First he reached up and undid all the clasps holding both
stockings up then slowly eased each down to her ankles. He then removed both
shoes and pulled the stockings off her sweaty feet. Next he reached up for the
waistband of her panties and, with difficulty, pulled them down over her hips
and thick thighs. Finally, standing behind the shaking female he unclipped and
removed her suspender belt and finally her enormous bra. This was damp with
sweat and he had to reach round each side of her body to slide it free of the
sticky underside of her breasts. Carefully folding the clothing he placed the
items on the table and then resumed his position behind Miss James who was
reading the punishment file.

"I see that your beating this afternoon is only a small part in your
correctional regime." Said Miss James. "However, I will do my best to make it as
effective as I can." 

She slowly walked across to the rack containing the straps and made her
selection handing one to Stewart to carry. It seemed to be identical in weight
and size to than the one she had used on him. It had a sort of stable smell
which Stewart soon realised was the heavy oil in which it had been soaked to
increase its weight. He tried not to remember the force at which the implement
could strike home when it had Miss James's weight behind it.

Miss James pointed to one of the contraptions, a waist high round bolster
supported by two uprights. One the ground were two shoe like devices fixed wide
apart. On the far side of the bolster and slightly lower was a wooden rod. She
looked across at Perin and said just one word:

"Mount!"

Snivelling, Perrin walked over and placed both her feet in the shoes and then
leant over the bolster to grip the rod with her hands. Her buttocks were well
presented and were still soft to Miss James's touch as she ran her hands over
the area. The nurse liberally wiped disinfectant over the mounds and upper
thighs and stood back.

"Fifteen lashes then girl. If you attempt to avoid any lash, this will be
repeated at the end. Nurse here will keep count and decide which strokes count
and which will have to be repeated. I will be lenient with you and allow your
feet to be secured in the foot grips, that only leaves you to control your
hands." She nodded towards the floor and Stewart knelt down to strap the feet in
the grips.

Next he was told to remove Miss James's jacket. Nervously he undid the front
three buttons that were straining against the constrained breasts. The he
slipped to the rear to slowly pull the jacket over her shoulders.
 
The three assistant wardresses took up position along one side of the punishment
hurdle. The nurse stood the other side. Stewart stood at the business end well
clear of Miss James.

Slowly Miss James raised the strap over her right shoulder, shuffled her feet to
position herself and ��..WHAP!�� the first stroke lashed home to the centre of
the targets. 

The soft flesh was compressed as the lash created its own flattened groove for a
brief millisecond before it was snatched away. As the buttocks sprang back a
white band appeared that, almost immediately turned to pink then vivid red. By
this time the pain had reached Perrin's mind and she gasped, with head held back
frantically gripping the handhold. The next four strokes followed quickly so
that the buttocks were still bouncing from the previous lash as the next struck
home. Then Miss James's concentration moved to the lower, bruised area.

Four rapid lashes were laid on with the Wardress grunting with effort on each
one. Perrin had expected the area to be tender and it most certainly was. Her
head was held back, her plump face was bright red, eyes tightly shut and her
lips pulled back as she forced her hands to grip the rail. A loud groan of pain
and despair echoed round the room.

Four more times Miss James laid on the heavy strap to sizzle down on to the
earlier weals on the top two thirds of the shaking buttocks. Unbelievably Perrin
managed to hold her grip.

There was a pause. Miss James drank from a proffered glass of water, then went
back to her task.
She lay three hard ones in quick succession. Sadly for the prisoner they were
across the welted bruises at the very bottom of her buttocks. It was beyond
reason to expect anyone to remain in control and Perrin leapt upright clutching
her nates, rubbing them furiously. Tears ran down her pink face as she sobbed
her heart out. Instead of sympathy on the faces of the watching staff, there was
outright disgust and contempt at her behaviour. Miss James looked at the nurse
for guidance.

" Once again Perrin, your inability to control yourself is going to require
further punishment.  Miss James, please lay on the last three strokes again. 
Perrin!, grip that bar with your hands and don't let go this time."

Once again Miss James swung the strap above her left shoulder, then it was
brought down over the woman's upper thighs with a solid "thwack." Somehow,
Perrin managed to hold on to the bar. The strap was raised again and held
suspended. Anyone doubting the effort Miss James was applying to the task could
see for himself or herself the sweat patch under her armpit. Down it came again
but this time across the upper part of the buttocks. Suddenly, the third stroke
slashed in across the lower quarter, just above the thighs.

Perrin screamed and threshed around on the padded block. By a superhuman effort,
boosted only by the fear of the strapping being repeated once more, her grip of
the bar held fast. The nurse waited a full two minutes in the hope that her
resolve would break and the hands would let go. Finally she announced:

"Punishment completed."

Stewart was told to release the foot grips as the punished woman stood, shakily,
upright and massaged her large nates to relieve the pain. She was then told to
stand with her back to the wall and observe the next event.

Miss James slowly walked over to her next victim and stood, hands on hips, in
front of her. She was still breathing heavily from her exertions as she spoke.

"18 strokes of the grade one cane across your buttocks then girl. Have you been
caned before?"

"No Madam, never." Replied the terrified female.

"Well, I doubt that you will want to repeat the experience. Your offence seems
fairly minor but I never try to second-guess the Governor. If she has sentenced
you to 18 strokes then 18 strokes you will receive, and I will do my best to lay
them all on hard. Count yourself lucky that I will only be using the grade one
cane; that is bad enough, but believe me the others are real brutes. Turn
around, bend over and grip your ankles."

As the girl complied, Miss James moved closer and pulled the prisoners panties
up so that the seat disappeared into her cleft. The buttocks were small and well
muscled so that they felt unusually firm.  The dark bluish bruises remained from
her previous strapping and, from the flinching of the muscles and the audible
gasps coming from the bent girl, the whole area was still rather tender to even
the touch of Miss James's finger tips.

Miss James seemed to almost soften towards the bent prisoner. She asked the
other staff if the Governor had definitely required the punishment to be
inflicted that day and when she was assured that this was so shook her head
slowly and pursed her lips.

She said that to prevent any damage, the girl would have to be caned with her
thighs almost in line with her torso rather than bent over with the skin taut as
it was at present. She would also permit the nurse to provide an anti-clenching
device. From then on, the girl would have to take it as it came.

Having ordered the girl to stand, she then told Stewart to remove her underwear.
Once again he knelt down and removed the stockings and suspender belt. A sharp
tug was required to pull down her panties as they seemed well jammed where they
had been pulled up tight into her crotch. As they came down her fair and sparse
pubic hair was only inches from his face and he could easily see the split of
her vulva. He stood to release her brassiere and slowly pulled the shoulder
straps down revealing her firm young breasts with their pert pink nipples. Her
large green eyes showed only fear and horror as she looked through him rather
than at him as he moved around her.

Stewart was then ordered back to Miss James, to attend to her.

"Remove my tie, and shirt Boy." She ordered.

He stood in front of her and quickly unknotted and removed her uniform black
tie.He then reverently undid the bottons on the front of her shirt as she
smilingly thrust her shoulders back to stretch the material even tighter across
her thrusting breasts. Slowly the huge white support brassiere came into view
with her tugid nipples visible through the sturdy cups. Trying not to let his
eyes linger too long he moved to each side in turn to unfasten the cuffs before
standing behind her to pull the shirt over the broad shoulders and down over her
back.

"Now take off my Brassiere Boy. I will carry out the flogging with bare
breasts."

Quickly Stewart stood behind her and unclipped the wide back strap allowing the
huge breasts to sag as the tension was removed. Then he moved to the front and
pulled the broad shoulder straps down and forward, finally slipping the large
cups free from the breasts.

Once again the huge white pendulous breasts were exposed to his sight. They
looked even larger this time with the stretched white skin marked only by a thin
pattern of blue veins. The large aureolea were puckered and the nipples already
partly jutting out. She walked over to the punishment frames and after a few
seconds thought, pointed to a metal framed apparatus with leather pads at
strategic points.

"Get yourself over this girl." She snapped.

Shaking, Peterson walked towards the frame where Miss Curtis was waiting. There
were three padded supports almost horizontal with the floor, one for the head
and shoulders, one for the pelvic area and one for the ankles. Peterson was told
to lay face down and once her body was supported, her wrists were pulled past
her head and secured in leather wrist cuffs that stretched her arms to the full
in line with her shoulders. The shoulder support left her breasts to hang free.
A wide leather belt was then used to secure her waist rigidly to the bolster
shaped pelvis pad that raised her buttocks slightly above head height. Finally,
her ankles were positioned on the last pad so that her legs were a little below
head height, knees slightly bent and parted about eighteen inches. Straps around
the ankles were secured. Miss James pointed out to her junior colleagues how
this position left the buttocks spread and exposed the anal cleft but without
the surfaces being too tight. Apart, of course, from the natural tightness that
a pair of fit young female buttocks had.

From where Stewart stood next to Miss James, the girl was blatantly exposed. He
could clearly see her tufts of underarm hair and, given the very light covering
of pubic hair, both her anus and vulva were displayed. The latter was tight shut
despite her splayed legs but the inner lips could still be seen protruding
slightly.

The nurse advanced on the prisoner and swabbed her down with a cold antiseptic
solution that had been liberally poured onto a cloth. The solution was wiped
over both buttocks from where she was exposed by the waist strap to the top half
of both thighs. It was then rubbed non-too gently into the opened anal cleft and
down to her pubic mound.

Meanwhile, Miss James had taken herslf to the cane rack and was carefully
selecting one from the Grade one group. To Stewart they all looked very similar,
at least in length. Around three and a half feet long, and a thickness, just
over a quarter of an inch. Miss James gave around three or four an experimental
swish through the air before selecting a smooth pale one with a crook handle.

She handed it to the Nurse who carefully wiped it with the antiseptic cloth
leaving it wet and shiny, not unlike it's target.

Then the nurse produced a strange device.. It was made of plastic about half an
inch in diameter and three inches long. It looked like a small bottle brush with
a curved thin "T" handle at its base. She held a speculum in her right hand and
used it to open the girls tight anus. The she placed the device in position,
removed the speculum and let the anal muscle close on the small spiked intruder
leaving just the curved base to nestle into the anal cleft. From the gasp and
shaking of the girl's pelvis, this was extremely uncomfortable.

"Relax, girl." Said the nurse. "We are trying to do you a favour. Your skin is
so tight you certainly don't want to clench your backside during the thrashing.
This should help prevent that."

Finally she produced a roll of stiched leather six inches long and an inch in
diameter. This was forced sideways between her teeth, pulled well into the mouth
like a horses bit or brank and then buckled it behind her head.

"This is not to gag you girl, you can scream to your hearts content in this
room, it's to stop you clenching your teeth to hard. The Centre Dentist has
introduced this little extra to prevent damage to tooth enamel. Blame her during
your next dental visit if you don't like it.

The preparations for a Correctional Centre "Formal" were now complete. The
prisoners were told where to stand to "Witness Punishment". Stewart kept well
away from Miss James's cane arm as she advanced towards the vulnerable girl. She
raised the cane above her shoulder and brought it whirring down to slash across
the peak of the unprotected buttocks with a loud "thwipp".

It sunk into the firm bruised muscles and immediately rebounded leaving a white
tram line. The natural reaction of the girl to clench her buttocks resulted in a
louder squeal of  pain as the spiked intruder sensitised her anus to such an
action. 

Miss James adjusted the position of her feet slightly, raised her arm suddenly
so that her breasts swayed to the right, then brought the cane down across the
very tops of the thighs. The nurse's remarks about the leather bit not providing
any reduction in sound was proved to the full when Peterson let out a yell. Soon
this weal turned red to match the other. The girl victim flexed herself against
the straps but it was obvious that she had learned not to clench her muscles.

The third stroke was laid across the very top of the sulcus on the less padded
flesh of the upper buttocks. Four more followed at under an inch spacing moving
progressively down to the "marker" across the centre of the girls seat. Each
time the cane was raised the sweaty thick underarm hair of the wardress was
exposed and as it was brought down the huge breasts swung and seemed to give
added power to the descending instrument.

The total silence in the punishment room served to accentuate the sounds of the
cane, the grunts of exertion from the Wardress and the screams, gasps and groans
from the subject.

Now, nearly half-way through Miss James took a break and drank once more from
the glass of water. She looked down dispassionately at the shaking and sobbing
young girl. Stewart noticed the thin sheen of sweat on Miss James shoulders and
upper breasts and how her large protruding nipples were now fully engorged. The
nurse offered her a small towel and she used this to wipe her hands and the
curved handle grip of the instrument of correction. Then, she positioned her
feet, raised her arm and the punishment continued.

Slowly and with severity she laid on five strokes to the lower part of the
buttocks. Each lash fell with the customary "whirring" sound followed by the
"Swick" as it struck home and the almost animalistic exclamation from Peterson.
The whole area of the girl's firm buttocks were now swollen with the throbbing
stripes of the cane. Miss James casually ran the flat of her hands across the
ridges feeling their firmness and heat. The first strokes were already turning
from a bright red to a purple hue, especially on the far side of the punished
area to the caner. Even this gentle touch caused the prisoner to gasp and whinny
like a young pony.

"This is the point, ladies, at which the punishment starts to become really
effective." Miss James commented in a thoughtful voice stroking the tip of the
cane across the top of the girl's legs. " I always lay a few over the tops of
the thighs, that area that is normally exposed between the tops of the stockings
and the crease of the buttocks. It is a particularly sensitive area and always
guarantees that the prisoner limps for a while which can only impress those who
were not here for the flogging but see her afterwards.

She then laid three hard strokes across the tops of her parted thighs. They were
laid parallel to the second stroke she had inflicted earlier and moved, at half
inch intervals, down the soft flesh on the upper legs impacting with a different
firmer sound to the ones laid on the taut but padded buttocks.

"Now for the final strokes." She continued." With just twelve laid on the
buttocks, even a small firm pair like this young offender, there have been no
overlays so far. Needless to say, a stroke laid over an existing throbbing weal
can be extremely effective and that is what I intend to achieve".

She adjusted her foot position, touched the cane on the weal at the mid-point on
the buttocks, raised it high and with a "whirr" brought it down to slash exactly
across the swollen raised ridge. Peterson screamed and despite the anal device
could not stop her whole pelvic area threshing around to the limits of her
restraints.

Slowly, methodically and accurately the process was repeated with two other
ridges, one across the lower quarter of the girl's nates and the final one up
into the weal that marked the join between thigh and buttock. With amazing
precision that suggested hundreds if not thousands of previous cane strokes by
Miss James in previous thrashings, both coincided with the exisiting ridge
almost exactly. 

No one asked Peterson if she felt the last three to be "effective". Her
struggles and vocal attempts to plead for mercy were proof enough. The look of
shock, horror and fear on the faces of the other prisoners indicated their tacit
agreement with Miss Jame's comments.

The nurse stepped forward with an antiseptic swab and once more, liberally
applied it to the now punished flesh. This time the grazed skin absorbed the
stinging fluid and, from the even louder squeals and yells, seemed to add
greatly to the girl's pain. She then produced the speculum, cruelly dilated the
girls exposed anus and removed the plastic anti-clenching device. Leaving the
speculum in place she squeezed the antiseptic cloth so that the stinging fluid
trickled into her open orifice. It was then compressed and removed. The straps
were undone and the three junior wardresses roughly helped the girl to her
unsteady feet. She was sobbing uncontrollably and wincing every time she move

Miss James ordered Stewart to hand her the discarded bra, shirt and tie which
she quickly donned. As he watched her bend to lower her breasts into the
cavernous bra cups he could smell the familiar acrid smell of her sweat, sweat
generated by yet another of her brutal punishments of defenceless female
prisoners. Finally, as she slipped her uniform coat back on, she and the nurse
signed the relevant paperwork for both prisoners and then left the punishment
room. The junior wardresses were left to organise the prisoners.

Miss Curtis took charge. She then ordered Peterson to report to her apartment at
7pm that night telling the distraught female that her weals would need to be
checked. Stewart almost shuddered on behalf of the girl as he imagined what the
bitch of a wardress would have lined up for her and how she would have to submit
to even further humiliation and pain.

She then stood in front of the older woman, Harper. Gently she cupped her large
breasts in her hands and lifted and lowered them as she spoke.

"Well, Harper, I'm pleased that you saw the demonstration of how Miss James
handles prisoners up for punishment. It must have really reassured you as to how
gently she will be treating these udders of yours when next you meet her,
because believe me, I will do everything possible to make sure that she is the
wardress who will cane your breasts." Harpers eyes pleaded for mercy but she
managed to take the handling without question, even when Miss Curtis squeezed
her breasts hard and then stood back.

Perrin and Peterson were ordered to dress and then the prisoners were dismissed.
Eight prisoners marched and one, a tall fair-headed young female, limped their
way to the door.

To be continued.




Chapter 26.

Stewart left the Punishment Room with a feeling approaching elation. He felt a
certain amount of sympathy for the females who had been punished but felt that
it was, after all, their own fault for falling foul of the system. He tried not
to linger on the events he had witnessed, particularly the naked body of the
younger girl but could not rid himself of the erection that had been confined in
his tight underpants for most of the afternoon. Whatever else had happened, he
consoled himself with the thought that he seemed to be off the hook with the
wardresses and saw no reason why his time at the Correctional Centre should not
be rather pleasant from now on.

He was so absorbed in his thoughts that he failed to hear the approach of one of
the Centre Policewomen from his rear. The first thing he knew about her presence
was when he received a hard slap across the back of his head. He turned and
found himself standing in front of a very attractive black policewoman of around
30 who stood with her hands on her hips. 

"STEWART! Are you totally deaf boy or just stupid? I have been calling you for
nearly a full minute. Your presence is required in the Medical Centre. Follow
me!"

Once again Stewart found himself marching behind a policewoman. He had no idea
why he had been sent for or what was to happen to him. She was shorter than him,
but set a cracking pace as she marched along. Her grey, uniformed hips swaying
and the ugly baton swinging from under her uniform jacket. 

Eventually they reached the Centre where he was quickly ushered in to one of the
sparsely decorated rooms. The only furniture was a heavy metal framed bench with
a long stainless steel top three feet off the ground. Two vertical uprights
about two feet high and one and a half feet apart were set into the surface
three feet from one end. Between their tops was a dog collar device . More
straps and fasteners were attached to the flat steel table and a grill-covered
drain was set in the centre between a set of the straps. On it rested a hard
shelled box the size of a small suitcase. It was labelled "Extraction Equipment.
For use on Male Prisoners." Underneath this was the manufacturer's logo,
"SMCYBER INC. Medical Division".

Before he could begin to imagine the potential uses for the equipment, the door
opened and in walked two other policewomen, one of which wore sergeants'
stripes. They exchanged pleasantries with the first policewoman and Stewart
learned from the conversation that they were from the Correctional Centre for
male prisoners. The younger one seemed to be a cadet, she was hardly out of
school, around five feet four inches tall and with a fair amount of puppy fat
from the way in which her uniform jacket was stretched over her chest and her
skirt was pulled tight over her thighs. Her angelic looking face was plump with
fair hair pulled back into a severe bun under her hat. The sergeant was closer
to forty years old. She was a little taller and certainly slimmer with short red
hair. Her face would not be considered pretty as her large nose and thin lips
detracted from a pair of large green eyes that seemed to bore into Stewart's
very being. He could see from her tag that her name was Walker.

"You are probably unaware Stewart, that the law has recently changed that
requires all prisoners to provide samples for a DNA data-base. The requirements
are that this sample be collected by police officers who must witness the entire
procedure to ensure that none of you perverts slip through the net. As the
Police at this centre are only familiar with collecting samples from females,
they have asked me to bring the male collection equipment over and demonstrate
it's use. Policewoman Spencer here is under training and will be carrying out
the procedure under my supervision. Let me make it perfectly clear to you that
we are well used to handling male prisoners, unlike the ladies at this centre,
so don't even think of trying anything on with us. One more thing, before you
get the idea that this may provide some sort of sexual pleasure for you, I
intend to ensure that it does not. Carry on Miss Spencer."

The young girl moved to stand in front of Stewart, eyed him up and down and then
said just one word:

"Strip."

As quickly as he could, Stewart removed his prison denim shirt, shorts and
underpants then bent over to slip off the shoes and socks. He then assumed the
present position, only too aware that the release of his penis from the tight
underwear had permitted it to erect slightly. Miss Spencer however ignored this
fact and, picking up his underpants, turned them inside out and examined the
crotch carefully finding a wet spot where his erection had caused a leak of
fluid. Swiftly she slid the baton from the holder on her waist belt and, with
the cold tip, lifted his scrotum, separating his testicles. 

"Explain yourself Prisoner!" she snapped shaking the baton slightly to joggle
his scrotal contents menacingly.

"Please Miss, I have had to witness two of the female prisoners all afternoon as
they were punished, and��and��I have had an erection."

The young policewoman dropped the testicles and turned to her colleagues, asking
whether they felt that his should be dealt with before they continued. The
female centre policewoman offered to call her own sergeant and a halt was called
in the procedures whilst she left the room to telephone her. She soon returned,
with a smug expression.

"It seems that my sergeant already has a punishment lined up for the prisoner
from his first night here. She will be along shortly."

The policewomen stood around chatting as they waited for her arrival. Stewart,
now ignored by the staff, remained rigidly at the present hoping not to incur
any further attention.

The policewoman who had brought Stewart to the room was interested in hearing
about life in the male correctional centre and the sergeant was happy to answer
her questions. Almost all the staff were female, as this was considered more
effective in bringing the male prisoners into line. It also seemed that the
regime was even more strict and regimented than the one in the female centre
with much more emphasis on military style dress and disciplines. The prisoners
were under constant supervision or surveillance by the uniformed guards. A far
greater degree of punishment infliction was allowed by individual wardresses and
policewomen.  Miss Spencer had already graduated to being cleared to administer
the cane, albeit in small doses, so the level of job satisfaction was felt to be
higher. The one downside was the constant exposure to the less attractive male
bodies but the expectation that the male body should be treated with the utmost
severity helped to overcome any distaste felt by the young ladies who worked
there. "It was," said the sergeant,"a most satisfactory sight to see a group of
adult males reduced to quivering schoolboys when a girl, such as Miss Spencer,
scarcely out of school herself, entered a room."  

When asked how she reacted to the very necessary tasks of handling naked males
Miss Spencer smiled broadly and said that once she had been taught where all the
most sensitive points were on the male and given the authority to punish them it
had all been plain sailing.

"Believe me," she added, "once you have reduced one male to abject fear, it
really is easy-peasy with the rest."

The sergeant reminded her not to forget what she called the "side benefits" and
Miss Spencer blushed deeply.

"I can well imagine what the lesbian wardresses get up to in this
establishment," commented the sergeant,  " but,  as nearly all our staff in the
Male Centre are heterosexual by nature, the facility of picking out a male
prisoner to be used as you wish can be��well��rather relaxing to say the least."

 "I accept that the requirements of the Wardresses can be regarded as a form of
discipline in themselves," she continued," and I wouldn't criticise the system
that orders one of your straight female prisoners to perform a personal service
on a  wardress. The less the prisoner enjoys the event, the better it will be
for teaching her total obedience. It might prove useful to Miss Spencer's
training for her to be allocated a female prisoner tonight. Perhaps I should
mention that Miss Spencer's recent application of the cane was to a young male
prisoner who failed to follow her exact orders in her apartment one night. I
hear however, " she added with a smile at her young colleague," that he obeyed
your orders to the letter once you had striped his backside a few times!"

The young policewoman was still blushing and smiling when the Centre Sergeant
entered the room.

The Sergeant was carrying a stout, heavy tawse in her right hand. She quickly
transferred it to the other hand as she went through the formalities of an
introduction to the other policewomen and shook their hands. Having totally
ignored Stewart she then proceeded to talk about him without even a glance in
his direction. She was quick to explain her reason for turning up.

"It's not totally unheard of for us to be sent male prisoners here," she
explained, " but it's pretty rare. This wretch had given the escorting
policewomen a fair amount of hassle as they delivered him but I couldn��t allow
them to work off their anger on him as he hadn't received his initial medical
examination. I did, however, promise to keep a punishment on account as it were
and this would now seem to be the ideal opportunity to carry that out. As one of
his problems seemed to be getting his legs in the way all the time, I promised
that I would give him a sound thigh strapping. Naturally I bow to the vastly
superior knowledge that you visitors have on punishing males so any ideas would
be most acceptable."

The visiting sergeant agreed and said that a punishment would certainly put the
prisoner in the right frame of mind for when they took the sample but first they
would have to deal with the offence of the soiled underpants. Back in her centre
this was a routine event and usually the electric prodder would be used on him.
If there were no objections she would deal with him right away, assisted by her
junior.

Having reached an agreement Sergeant Walker stood in front of the male prisoner
and, staring him in the eyes, announced that he would receive ten shocks for the
offence of soiled underpants. He would not be secured and would simply have to
take what was given to him without undue fuss or any attempt to avoid the
inflictions. As she spoke her junior donned a pair of surgical gloves, produced
a tube of some sort of jelly like substance and moved to a position behind him.
As the young girl started to rub the jelly into his buttock crease the sergeant
explained that they had found how a generous application of this substance
greatly increased the conductivity of the electric shock.  The young wardress
ordered him to bend over, spread his legs and grab his ankles. The slippery
gloved fingers pressed against his exposed anus and then two of the digits
penetrated to lubricate the lower rectum. Next they gently oiled his scrotum and
finally, having applied more jelly, reached between his parted legs, grasped his
penis and having pulled the foreskin well back, rubbed the sticky cream all over
his glans.

Not suprisingly, when he was again ordered to his feet to stand naked in front
of the four women, his penis was fully erect and even twitching. Sergeant Walker
moved so that she was standing an arm's length in front of him, unclipped the
prodder from her belt, adjusted the battery pack and placed the shiny metal tip
on top of the exposed glans. She then gently pressed down against the upward
spring of the organ and pressed the button. An almost inaudible click was heard
and Stewart leaped almost six inches off the floor as a sudden jab of pain hit
him. With the good sense he was rapidly developing he was soon back in position.

"One." Said the sergeant almost to herself.

Next the tip was placed between his dangling testicles so that it lifted up the
scrotum and nestled between the bulbs��and the button pressed. This time it felt
to Stewart that both testicles had been hit with the tip of a very thin whip and
he sagged with knees splaying as he fought for control.

That was when the button was pressed yet again, and another savage jolt hit
them.

"Three�� Face away from me and bend over." she ordered. "Legs apart, rest your
hands on your knees, now squat slightly." Stewart was not in the least surprised
to feel the cold prodder tip nestle between his buttock cheeks, just above his
anus. The sergeant inflicted a jolt, moved the tip to below his anus and gave
him another before he could fully regain his position. Next she placed the tip
between his dangling testicles, lifted the tip so that it pressed against his
body and��Whap!

The tip was then placed against the exposed glans of his penis right pressing
against the opening of his urethra. There was a seconds pause and yet another
searing jab was inflicted.

"Seven��just three to go." Intoned the wardress.

Back in position Stewart felt the prodder press against his anus, turn slightly
and thanks to the jelly substance, slip slightly into the orifice. Desperately
he grasped his knees as the probe entered and his sphincter clutched it in a
pathetic attempt to prevent its ingress. It was during an involuntary
contraction that the button was pressed. He leapt up and forwards in a sad
imitation of a startled frog, much to the amusement of the wardresses.

He was then ordered to the present, the females, with the exception of Sergeant
Walker were still laughing at his reaction. 

Slowly the tip was pressed against the outside of his right testicle for the
ninth jolt and then the left for the tenth and final one.

" You have obviously succeeded in teaching him some self control." Remarked
Sergeant Walker as she clipped the prodder back on her belt. " It takes us
several days to get them able to accept this sort of discipline without too much
fuss. If you would care to get the other punishment over we can then start on
the sample collection."

As she spoke the Centre Sergeant was slipping off her uniform jacket and rolling
up her sleeves. She carefully placed the equipment on the floor and, still
wearing her hat,  ordered Stewart to lie face down along the steel bench with
his legs together, head between the uprights and hands gripping the far edge.  

" I will give him the first four across the backs of his legs." She announced.

Slowly she lifted the tawse over her right shoulder and brought it slashing down
over the very tops of his thighs with a loud "Whaap". The force of the blow
drove Stewart's thighs on to the unyielding cold steel surface. Scarcely had he
recovered his breath when the second lash fell slightly lower so that it
overlapped the bottom of the first red weal. The next two strokes fell at ten
second intervals and moved the red swathe inexorably down his thighs towards the
back of his knees.

Without allowing any respite, the Sergeant ordered him over onto his back.
Without being asked Sergeant Walker moved to the far side of the table, reached
over and, cupping Stewart's genitalia, pulled them up towards his stomach
allowing the upper front thighs to be strapped . 

Stewart looked up at the Centre Sergeant as she hefted the strap over her right
shoulder. She was of a slim build but the position pulled the uniform shirt
tightly over her small breasts and revealed the pointed nubs of her erect
nipples. Already her efforts were producing damp patches of sweat under her
armpits and from the look of concentration on her face, much more would be
produced before the punishment was over.

"Whaap" and the next stroke was brought down across his proffered thighs. The
strap was immediately raised and the second, third and fourth brought whistling
down. Each time the Sergeant grunted with the effort and her small white teeth
were bared just as the tawse started its downward flail. Somehow Stewart managed
to remain in position as the pain built up and only flinched slightly as he saw
each swathe of pain approaching.

"Now for your inner thighs boy. Lay on your left side, lift your right knee up
into your chest".She than ran her hand up and down the exposed soft skin
assessing it's sensitivity, pushing and lifting his dangling scrotum clear of
the target area. There was a brief pause, a grunt of effort and then the
sickening "Swaap" followed by the agonising pain of a weal on the tenderest of
flesh at the top of his left leg. 

Stewart meant to remain still and compliant, he tried his hardest, but
instinctively his right leg shot down to protect his seared inner thigh.
Immediately the policewomen leapt on his body with their full weight, pulled his
leg back up and pressed it to the table, held his left leg fully extended and
the other three lashes were laid on with renewed efforts.

"It's amazing how sensitive the female prisoners are in this area". Commented
the Centre Sergeant. "Even when they have been here for months and are really
hardened to even the cane across their backsides, a few flicks here and they
really crack up. Would you ladies mind turning the wretch and holding him for
the last four on the other leg please?

Stewart's shaking body was manhandled into the required position. He was aware
of a firm pair of hands pulling at his right ankle to keep it straight; a heavy
body sitting on his left shoulder keeping his right pinned to the steel top and
a heavy firm pair of uniformed breasts pressing into his doubled up left knee
and thigh pressing it to the metal surface. One of the female guards grasped his
testicles in a firm, uncomfortable grip to keep them clear of the descending
leather tawse.

And descend it did. Four fully laid on strokes across the soft inner thigh. The
sergeant managed to angle the strokes slightly to cover even more area with the
tips wrapping cruelly round over the existing weals on the front of the punished
leg. Suddenly the female weight was removed and he was told to stand at
attention next to the table. Fighting against the pain and the searing
contractions of the punished areas he stood as ordered, awaiting the next order.

"Ma'am," enquired the young cadet wardress politely, "May I ask what the
function of this table is?"

The Centre Sergeant was happy to oblige.

It seemed that several members of staff had complained of the difficulty in
carrying out certain examinations and procedures to the "rear ends" of the less
obedient female prisoners. One wardress, who owned a large Alsation bitch,
noticed how she was handled during a visit to the veterinary surgeons. The dog
was unceremoniously lifted up on to a freshly wiped steel slab, her head and
neck were secured in a collar held between two posts and her "Rear end" and
underside were fully available to the animal doctor. The design was modified for
human securing and the device constructed by a specialist firm. With the hands
being secured to the posts, level with the head and the straps applied round the
spread knees and lower ankles the body was held parallel to the table with the
breasts hanging down and the buttocks shamelessly thrust back to fully expose
the crotch.

It was still on trial but had been received enthusiastically by the staff.
Naturally, no one had thought to ask the prisoners for their views!

Sergeant Walker moved to a position in front of Stewart. Suddenly her right hand
slapped his face, first with the palm and then with the back across his right
cheek. Considerable effort was put into the slaps and Stewart was almost knocked
off his feet and left with his face burning and ears ringing.

" We now have to take a sample from you for DNA analysis". She snapped. " This
will have to be in the form of semen, but believe me, my assistant and I will do
everything we can to ensure that the procedure is as unpleasant as possible.
Mount the table boy!"

Stewart scrambled on to the cold hard surface and knelt as directed. Miss
Spencer rapidly secured his knees and ankles wide and tight and then fastened
the broad dog collar tightly round his neck. This was fastened into position
between the two uprights. A leather headband was then tightened around his
forehead and secured to the posts so that his head was forced up and his face
was inclined at forty-five degrees to the table surface. Finally his hands were
cuffed and clipped either side of his head leaving him an almost "doggy begging"
position . Behind him he could hear the sound of latex gloves being slipped over
female fingers but was still surprised when Miss Spencer suddenly reached
between his legs and grabbed his dangling, partly erect penis with her left
hand. She leant her young chest against his haunches as her right hand came
round his right thigh and proceeded to swab his genitals with a wet coarse piece
of cloth. The cloth scraped and rubbed his exposed glans and he could smell the
strong antiseptic even before its astringent properties stung his exposed skin.
Even the young girls vigorous cleaning of his hanging scrotum failed to prevent
the hardening of his sore member as he was prepared for extraction. As the
antiseptic evaporated she reached round him again and pulled a thin condom over
the glans and pulled it tight in towards his body.

The Sergeant explained to the other wardresses that three samples would be
needed. The first would be taken by conventional means and asked for a
volunteer. The black policewoman immediately offered herself explaining that her
experience at extractions was rather limited.

"Not a problem." Replied the visiting sergeant. The secret is to make it fast
and firm so that the result is achieved quickly and with the minimum of pleasure
for the prisoner. You will need to wear these." She said producing a pair of
heavily ridged rubber gloves.

The red gloves were swiftly donned and on the instructions of the sergeant the
policewoman knelt behind Stewart on the table with her legs between his and with
her right hand reaching round his thigh to firmly grasp his penis. Her left hand
and arm rested across the small of his back. On the command "Commence" the
policewoman began an almost frantic rubbing with the hard ridges of the gripping
glove up and down the entire length of his organ at some speed.

Stewart groaned with the pain from his sore flesh, especially the tender glans
that was only protected by the thin latex of the condom. Even so, the violent
masturbation kept his member fully erect and responsive. The other three females
crouched down to observe the telltale end of the condom for a result as the
abuse continued with the policewoman now grunting with the effort.

No one had bothered to time the event. To the subject it felt like only seconds
before the surge started and with a groan of pain, pleasure and self-disgust he
ejaculated. Still the manual rubbing continued and soon, pain and a dull aching
in the testicles replaced the short-lived high of sensation. Even when the young
wardress commented on seeing the "result" the pumping continued and Stewart
thought that it would never end.

With a word of thanks from the sergeant, the black policewoman eventually
stopped the procedure and she climbed off Stewart and down to the floor. A five
minute wait was ordered for "dribbling" and then the condom was pulled off the
flaccid throbbing penis by the gloved hands of Miss Spencer who quickly
transferred to gooey contents to a sample bottle.

"Right Stewart, you will now have ten minutes recovery before the next
extraction. Miss Spencer will keep you company whilst the rest of us take a
toilet break." said the sergeant as she led the others out.

Miss Spencer slowly walked around the secured male prisoner and stopped at the
top of the table looking at his face. She leaned forward until her nose was
almost touching his and he could feel her cool breath on his cheeks.

" I can't believe how easy you have had things in this Centre Stewart. Where I
work you would been flayed for the attitude you have displayed towards the
staff�� never mind having a few stings with the prodder and a couple of slaps
across the legs. I only hope that I can get you transferred to my Centre for
some real discipline. Meanwhile," she continued," I now have to prepare you for
the second extraction, however a disgusting job that might be. The Sergeant
insists that you be fully erect so lets see what we can do about that ."

She moved to the rear and suddenly, a gloved hand brushed under his hanging
scrotum and gripped his flaccid penis. The foreskin had been pulled over the
glans by the removal of the condom. The young wardress slowly pulled it fully
back and started to gently squeeze and roll the limp knob between her gloved
fingers. Meanwhile the digit finger on her left hand traced a soft line up and
down his anal cleft. Within seconds the response started and the organ started
to swell. Swiftly she released her grip, moved to the head of the table and
climbed up. She then stood, legs astride the posts that secured Stewart's head
and slowly sank to her knees in a squatting position so that her splayed knees
were level with his ears and he was forced to look between them.
Her voice now came from above him, full of both authority and menace.

"Take a good look Boy. In my Centre I can call on any male prisoner to supply,
shall we say, personal service to me. You can probably guess what that entails.
I believe in total and absolute obedience so I never hesitate to discipline any
tardiness or failure to provide��satisfactory service."

Stewart stared at the stockinged legs, the plump white thighs with their
suspender straps pulled tight and finally at the white pantied crotch. The
swelling of the pudenda, the stray dark pubic hairs that strayed out of the
sides of the tight white cotton gusset, the yellowish stain at the centre and
sensed the musky female scent.

"You heard earlier that I had to cane a male prisoner the other day. It was his
first time serving a policewoman and unfortunately for him I had just come from
a hard session in the gym without showering. He seemed to think that he had some
sort of choice about what he did or did not do. He actually suggested that I
should have a bath before I had him carry out his service. I didn't waste time
lecturing him on how he would do as I ordered no matter how unpleasant he might
consider the work. I simply laid into his hide with my cane".

"Unfortunately they only issue me with a light weight one and I have to limit
the strokes to just six, but as you can imagine, if they are laid on good and
tight over just an inch or so of buttocks��it becomes difficult to count how
many there have been laid on with any degree of certainty. As a wardresses word
is always accepted he sensibly decided not to complain. Anyway by the time I let
him leave the room he probably felt that the worst was��so to speak, behind
him."

"It was amazing how just a few strokes changed his attitude. Believe me,
Stewart. After the caning he was happy to lick anything and everything I
wanted��without hesitation."

At this she slowly spread her plump young thighs as wide as she could and eased
herself forward until Stewart's restrained face was almost touching the
stretched cloth of her panties. 

Suddenly, at the sound of the returning staff members, Miss Spencer stood
upright and was looking down at the prisoner when they entered the room.

"Excellent work Miss Spencer," remarked Sergeant Walker donning a pair of
surgical gloves, "I see that he is fully ready for the next procedure."

The equipment box was placed on the table in front of Stewart, the lid opened
and the equipment was lifted out. It consisted of a black metal box with suction
pads that fixed it firmly to the table under the prisoner's groin. From that a
long flexible stainless steel tube with a small egg shaped end protruded. This
was bent so that it rested between Stewart's anal cheeks. Next a suction
receptor the shape and size of a large egg was pulled apart, then closed and
locked around the dangling scrotum so that it gripped firmly around his
testicles. A quarter inch by ten inches long plastic tube was torn from a
sterile pack. Sergeant Walker grasped the prisoner's penis pulled it towards her
and started pushing the end firmly into his urethra. Stewart struggled against
the soreness and pain as the tube was thrust home. The design of the table
ensured that this was of little inconvenience to the wardress. Even so, she gave
him a sharp slap across his right buttock as she completed the insertion
shouting in his ear to keep still. Finally a rubber cuff like device was fitted
around his penis and held in place by a thin strap that fastened over his waist.

"If this device reminds you of the milking machine for cows it's not
surprising," explained Sergeant Walker, " The one over his penis squeezes and
sucks and the ones gripping his balls inflate internally with less pleasant
sensations. The intention, as always is to achieve a sample but with the minimum
of pleasure for the subject."

With that she uttered one word: "Pleasure" as she pressed on the test control
button. Stewart shuddered with sexual thrill as the suction and squeezing
stimulated his very being.

And the she said the word: "Pain" as she pressed the other test button. The
sudden inflation of the testicle cup caught him by surprise as the sensitive
bulbs were squeezed, causing him to yelp in pain.

"The main advantage of this equipment is that it milks the male prisoners
without any effort and very little pleasure on their part. We now require two
separate extractions and I anticipate that the first will be achieved with ease
but the second will take some time. Miss Spencer will now fit the first condom
to the tube and standby to change it after the first result."

Swiftly the young wardress clipped a condom to the dangling tube taking care to
give it a sharp upward push that caused Stewart to flinch against his securing
straps.

The sergeant made adjustments to the control box, pressed the start switch and
with a low pumping sound, the milking commenced.

Otherwise the room was silent��until Stewart's sharp intakes of breath became
louder as the intensity of the stimulation increased. True to the sergeant's
promise, every twenty seconds the testicle grip provided a sharp lesson to the
subject that caused him to gasp in pain rather than pleasure.

It took nearly four minutes for the first result. Stewart felt the surge
building and let it swell to an orgasmic eruption that even a sharp squeeze to
his testicles could not stop.

" Well, as I predicted, the second extraction has taken place." Commented
Sergeant Walker. "We will wait two minutes to collect the result and then the
long haul of waiting for the third extraction can commence. The male prisoners
usually regard this more as a punishment than a pleasure as the pumping and
sucking will continue and cause considerable discomfort to his genitals."

The condom was replaced and the process did indeed continue. The staff members
chatted idly amongst themselves as to the different ways that a male had to be
treated compared to a female prisoner. The Centre Sergeant policewoman, having
ascertained that the two visitors would be staying the night, suggested that
Miss Spencer should take the opportunity of having one or perhaps two of the
females to attend to her after dinner. She should, after all, take every
opportunity to gain experience wherever she could and first hand practice at
dealing with females would beat any reading she carried out from the training
manuals.
At this her young face positively glowed. She asked if she could select the
prisoners but was told that she could certainly specify what she would like but
that it would be up to the Centre Sergeant to make the selection.

At that juncture they turned their attentions back to their subject.

Stewart was groaning quietly to himself as the constant sucking and squeezing of
his sore genitalia continued. He was as far away from a third orgasm as he could
possibly be,�� or so he thought. Then the egg shaped device on the flexible
shaft was lubricated and the Sergeant positioned it against his anus.  With a
firm push, she forced it into his rectum. She carefully positioned it, watching
the expression on his face until it was obviously in contact with his prostate
gland and then stood back.

"Prostate stimulation can achieve the result we require with a minimum of
pleasure for the prisoner." She intoned. " When I switch on he will feel not
only a gentle pulsing but also a regular stinging sensation. All we need now is
a little visual stimulation, Miss Spencer if you please."

The young policewoman walked over to the door and opened it. Waiting outside was
one of the female prisoners that the sergeant had chosen at random when she took
a break.
The girl was brought to stand before Stewart.

She was in her early twenties, tall and slim with pronounced breasts thrusting
at her uniform shirtfront. Her hair was fair and pulled back into a ponytail.  
Her pretty young face was a confused mask of surprise, apprehension , fear and
curiosity as she stared at the male prisoner on the steel table.

The centre sergeant spoke:

"This male prisoner is undergoing a medical procedure that requires sperm
samples to be taken. It will be necessary for you to provide some visual
stimulation to ensure that he orgasms. You will do exactly as we tell you
without question, otherwise you will find yourself up on the table after we have
finished with him, is that understood?"

"Y..yes Miss." Replied the girl  hesitatingly. 

"Good, then remove your tie and shirt."

Slowly and nervously the girl unknotted her tie placing it on an adjacent stool
then unbuttoned her shirt slipping it down over her shoulders. She was wearing
the regulation three-quarter cup white bra. Her firm breasts swelled over the
tops of each undersized cup. As she followed orders and stood at the present her
tufts of fair underarm hair came into view and the breasts were forced even more
into the restraining material.

"Miss Spencer, please excite the prisoners nipples."
Smiling, the young female stood behind the female prisoner, reached round and
with the fingers of each hand started to locate both nipples through the cotton
bra. As soon as she had located them she started a non-too gentle rolling and
squeezing between her finger and thumb tips Suddenly she viciously squeezed them
both making the girl gasp and bend at the knees. At this point she released her
grip and stood at the side.

"Now remove your brassiere and resume the "present" position." Continued the
sergeant.

Trembling, the girl reached behind her, unhooked the prison bra and slipped it
down over her arms. As she placed her hands behind her head and thrust her
elbows back her naked breasts were fully displayed.  They quivered as she
snapped into the obligatory position. They appeared firm and heavy though not
over-large. Each stood proudly away from the rib cage and the large swollen pink
aerolea projected a reddened inflamed and sore nipple upwards and outwards.

"A little more nipple stimulation if you please Miss Spencer."

The policewoman stood behind the girl with her own breasts forced into the
prisoners back, reached round and grasped the nipples squeezing them into the
resilient breasts. The girl grimaced exposing her even white teeth as her lips
were pulled back. A soft groan escaped from the clenched jaws. The tips of each
nipple were visible as the fingers gripped the tender aerola on each breast. The
cruel fingers and thumbs rolled and squeezed, rolled and squeezed for a full
minute before releasing their grip. The girl was left shaking and scarcely able
to hold her position��but somehow she did.

"It is unfortunate for you, girl, that you happened to be around when I was
looking for someone to help out." Said the sergeant in a bored voice."You see,
this prisoner, like most males, is turned on by the sight of a naked female
being punished. I can assure you that there is nothing personal in this, the
sooner he provides a result, the sooner you can leave."

"Remove your uniform skirt."

Quickly, the girl removed her skirt, folded it and placed it on the stool.
Without waiting she snapped back to the "present". Stewart stared at her long
splayed legs and the stretched crotch of the white regulation panties. Her white
suspender belt was stretched taught by the supporting straps reaching down to
the tops of the uniform stockings.

"Turn around, bend over, legs wide apart and grasp your ankles."

Despite the continuing sucking, squeezing and stinging of the milking machine,
Stewart felt the return of his natural urges and the swelling of his organ. The
girl victim displayed her stockinged legs and the white panties that were firmly
wedged into her buttock crease. Criss crossing the white flesh of her buttocks
were the bruise lines of a recent beating.

Observing Stewart's renewed interest , Sergeant Walker told the girl to remove
her panties and climb up on to the table. She was told to kneel on the ledge in
front of the males tethered head with her back to him. She then had to spread
her legs, and shuffle rearwards on the cold stainless steel until her crotch
made contact with Stewart's face.

Stewart could hear her sobs of humiliation but was now fully engrossed in
absorbing every detail of the shamelessly displayed crotch. The light downy
pubic hair around the puckered pink anus. The thicker hair beneath it. The
spread vulva with the slightly protruding inner vaginal lips and the scent of
sweat, anal musk and vaginal pheromones. Suddenly, gasping, the third and final
ejaculation was achieved from the shaking and trembling male. 

It took a full ten minutes to wrap up the event. The female prisoner was allowed
to dress and leave and the condom contents were consigned to the sample jar. The
tube was snatched from his urethra, the anal probe was pulled out and
eventually, stiff, shaking and exhausted he climbed down from the cruel
contraption and table. His penis throbbed, and his testicles ached . He had
never felt so worthless and humiliated in his entire life. 

As he marched stiffly from the room, his only consolation was that no one had
mentioned any transfer to the male correctional centre. The thought of being in
the hands of those bitches on a permanent basis made him shudder.

To be continued.




Chapter 27.

Both Stewart and the other prisoner, Carstairs, were totally mystified as to why
they were required in Punishment room 4.  They discussed several possible
reasons and found none of them pleasant. As they approached the building that
held the punishment room they ran into other prisoners who had been detailed for
the same duty. By the time they were assembled in a line outside the entrance
door their numbers had swollen to 12. 11 of which were female.

Following a wait of some minutes a senior wardress came out into the corridor
and ordered them inside. They were told to line up with their backs against the
far wall so that they faced the assembled group of wardresses. The two groups
were separated by some of the room's equipment and stands. In front of the
wardresses, who were seated in comfortable chairs that had been brought in for
the occasion, was a shortish, well-built woman of about 30 years. She was not
unattractive. She had long dark hair to her shoulders and wore a white shirt
tucked into a pair of trousers cut to resemble riding jodhpurs. Next to her was
a large table covered with what seemed to be disciplinary equipment.

All the wardresses were still in their uniforms but from their general air and
flushed faces it was obvious that they had been drinking heavily with their
evening meal. The senior wardress who was obviously in charge, moved forward to
make an announcement:

"For the benefit of the prisoners who have just arrived, Miss Finch here is from
the sales department of one of the firms that produce disciplinary equipment to
Centres such as this. She is here tonight to show the staff the latest
developments in her firm's products. On the offchance that she needs a
demonstration subject I have ordered that your group be present. You may take a
seat."

As one, the twelve sank down and perched themselves on a long low bench that ran
the length of the wall. As it was only a foot or so off the ground this caused
some discomfort and left their knees higher than their backsides. Stewart
noticed that the young male trainee warder Billington was in the group of staff.
He was taking the in the view, as the females tried to find a comfortable yet
modest position that did not display their panties to him.

Miss Finch started her lecture:

"The first items I would like to deal with are those of the uniforms. We have
heard from several ladies of the difficulties in complying with the rules that
formal punishments should be inflicted with the wardress's breasts displayed. We
would all agree as to the benefit of the prisoner being fully aware of the
essential femininity of the discipline but at the same time accept that the
larger breasted wardresses may suffer some discomfort during a well applied
thrashing. This brassiere may provide a solution in that it will support the
breasts but leave most of breast exposed."
 

She opened a package and produced a large white brassiere with heavy supporting
straps but with small quarter sized cups. She proceeded to turn the bra inside
out to reveal plastic supports sewn into the undercups. The item was passed from
person to person with Billington accepting it for examination with a blush.

In response to several questions about the degree of support it provided, Miss
Finch 
Said that he had several sizes and would one of the wardresses care to assess
the garment for herself? A tall blonde haired senior wardress stepped forward
and, selecting her size, calmly slipped off her uniform shirt and tie. At Miss
Finch's suggestion she walked over to one of the whipping stools where a
headless dummy  made out of padding and a covered in a sturdy material had been
strapped down. This was clearly a much-used training device and great lengths
had been taken to ensure an anatomically correct shape, especially round the
hindquarters. Incongruously a bra and panties adorned the training aid.

Having selected a cane from the rack she laid on half a dozen vicious strokes
across the panty clad buttocks to assess the support offered by her regulation
bra. She then casually removed it so that her large firm breasts were naked.
Again she thrashed the inanimate dummy and not surprisingly, the large breasts
could be seen to swing and judder in response. 

Having donned the new bra she thoughtfully shook her shoulders and swung her
torso around a little to assess the support. Both breasts were certainly lifted
high on her chest and made her exposed nipples, to Stewart, look even more
provocative. Finally she grasped the cane and delivered a further six slashes
across the padded dummy. Seemingly pleased with the support she experimentally
cupped her breasts in her hands and shook them slightly and said that if Miss
Finch had no objections she would wear the garment for a while to assess the fit
and comfort before placing an order. She then, unselfconsciously, resumed her
seat amongst the staff.

Miss Finch then produced two small stainless steel devices.

"Whilst on the subject of breasts, we have just had these nipple clamps approved
for general use. You will see that they have roughened surfaces on the inside of
the grippers, are large enough to cover even the largest teat and, although
weighing little in themselves, have attachment points to take the set of weights
that we include with the package. May we have a volunteer please from the
prisoners?"

The senior wardress said that they had the ideal candidate in Carstairs,
explaining that she used to be an underwear model. On the orders of the
wardress, the hapless girl marched forward, stripped to the waist and assumed
the present position in front of both staff and prisoners. Stewart had seen her
breasts before but, even so he was immediately taken by their size and yet firm
pertness. The nipples and swollen aureole were a soft vulnerable pink as they
waited for the ministrations of the saleslady. She was taller than the saleslady
and stood with her head well back and her long ponytail rustling against her
shoulder blades as she waited.

Miss Finch continued:

"Previous products of this type have suffered from either having too fierce a
grip for sustained use, or too gentle a grip leading to sliding off when the
girl gets sweaty or exercises. I think that I will be able to demonstrate that
these grip and stay in position. The strength of the grip can be adjusted to
match the thickness of the nipple at the discretion of the wardress." At this, a
little snigger of amusement ran round the staff members.

The devices were adjusted and then Miss Finch grasped the girl's left breast by
the underside. She squeezed the breast to force the nipple forward and applied
the clamp. Carstairs responded with an audible gasp. Son, the other nipple was
clamped and, with a glance at the clock, she was told to stand on display at the
back of the display area. She took up her position. Stipped naked to the waist
dressed in just her short skirt and stockings, she spread in the present
position. Her elbows were well back and her face already showed the strain
caused by the shiny metal clamps on her sensitive breasts. Her eyes were screwed
up and her teeth bared as she waited desperately for the release. And waited��.

Moving on, Miss Finch produced what appeared to be a cotton strap.

" Here ladies is the latest version of the modesty strap. I don't have to remind
you that the female prisoners have to wear one of these to ensure their decency
during punishments with members of the public present. The present strap has
long been felt to be more in the form of a pair of panties rather that the
absolute minimum that it should be. We have therefore produced this strap and
have just received approval for its use. You will see that the waist strap is
virtually only a thin cord and the crotch strap that it holds in place is very
much reduced in size. It is now one inch at the front reducing again to a
quarter of an inch as it passes over the perineum. We have also stiffened the
material to ensure that it doesn't simply slide up into the vulva. Additionally,
we have located these probes that will penetrate the anus and the vaginal
opening to keep the strap in the correct position during movement.
Unfortunately, I hear that the stiffening and the locators have made the garment
rather uncomfortable to wear for any length of time��but one can't have a
article of prison clothing regarded as a fashion statement by the prisoners!" 

This remark was greeted with another titter of giggling by the staff as the
senior wardress called a thirty-year old dark haired prisoner to the front. She
was slightly plump with her hair in a bun. She wore round metal-framed glasses
that gave the impression of having been a librarian or held some other dull
position prior to her imprisonment.

"Congratulations girl, you can be our model for the evening. Strip completely".

Nervously and clearly embarrassed, the woman removed her tie, shirt and skirt.
Next she unhitched the suspender belt and removed her stockings from her heavy
legs. After a final pleading look at the audience she removed her bra and
panties and stood, naked at the present. Her underarm hair was short and stubbly
but the hair around her crotch was thicker helping to provide some degree of
concealment. She had small drooping breasts and looked thoroughly out of
condition.

Miss Finch handed her the garment and as the woman pulled it up to her crotch,
knelt down so that she could assist the three-inch long and quarter an inch wide
plastic probes to engage, first into the anus and then the vulva. Finally the
girl stood, awaiting her next order. 

Miss Finch started the demonstration by having her run on the spot with legs
raised to almost waist height. Following a few minutes of this, the prisoner was
ordered to climb onto a steel topped table and then squat down. This position
forced her crotch to be fully displayed. Her labia were slightly parted and
nestled either side of the stiff strip of the new strap. To say that the garment
offered any privacy or modesty to the girl was absurd. Even though her clitoris
was covered, the pink inner lips were clearly visible either side and lower
down, the puckered rim of her anus was clearly visible with only the actual
opening covered.

The girl was left in position whilst several of the staff casually wandered
around her assessing the item of uniform clothing. More than one tugged and
pulled so that it's ability to remain centrally fixed in her crotch could be
judged. During this time Miss Finch removed two small weights from the nipple
clamp package and, standing in front of the prisoner modelling the clamps,
fastened them both to the clamp rings releasing them suddenly so that the
nipples took the full weight.

"As you can see, I have now attached 4 ounce weights to the clamps." Remarked
the saleslady." From the look on Carstairs face these seem to have greatly
increased to effect on her nipples. Even though the discomfort is causing her to
sweat somewhat, the grip of the nipples is still firm. The other weights will be
added in a few minutes but right now I would like to draw your attention to this
device that is designed for male inspections."

She produced what looked like large steel barbecue tongs. 

"I'm sure that I don't have to emphasise the generally disgusting duties that
your counterparts in male correctional facilities have to tolerate when it comes
to inspecting their male prisoners. I appreciate that you only have one of them
here, but this little device may be very useful in ensuring that he is fully
inspected with the least amount of contact. Stewart��strip completely and come
over here."

Stewart stripped and left his clothes and trainers on the bench with the seated
prisoners. He marched to a position in front of Miss Finch and snapped to the
present position. Nervously eyeing the cruel looking device in her right hand.

" You will see that the handles that I grip with are rubber coated so that even
in damp conditions the wardress is able to maintain a firm hold. At the prisoner
end of the grip the steel prongs have been specially roughened to ensure a firm
grip is achieved, again, even in wet conditions. Would one of you like to try
this out?"

A tall attractive senior wardress that Stewart had not seen before stood up and
moved into position at his side. She was in her late twenties with long blonde
hair. The starched formality of her shirt could not entirely cover up the
pronounced outline of her breasts as she gripped the prongs with her right hand.
Stewart had a few seconds to notice her well-manicured fingernails and their
bright red varnish that seemed at odds with someone who was clearly dedicated to
disciplinary rather than feminine pursuits.

Under the guidance of Miss Finch she gripped his covered glans firmly between
the jaws. Stewart concentrated as best he could on remaining flaccid but already
his penis was reacting to the metallic grip. With a sudden flick of her wrist
she slid the jaws towards his body, jerking his foreskin clear of the head.
Releasing the grip then re-applying it to the retracted skin, she forced the
foreskin fully back from the glans. A cold draught blew gently across his
exposed knob as it was twisted in all directions to be examined under the rim. 

Again, under Miss Finch's instructions the now erect penis was released and the
tongs moved to underneath his scrotal sac.

" The device is a little too insensitive to carry out a full scrotal
examination.," intoned Miss Finch, "But it can certainly be used to carry out a
cursory inspection for, say, cleanliness��and let's face it ladies��when you
have a whole group of these prisoners to inspect anything that reduces the level
of disgust for you must be worth having".

The serrated tip of the tongs gripped a loose fold of scrotal flesh and
stretched it well to one side. Stewart fought the instinctive reaction to ease
the grip by moving his hips towards the tongs, instead he braced against the
pain. Suddenly, the wardress shook her hand. The movement was magnified and
transmitted through the tongs to the streched scrotum so that the testes were
uncomfortably shaken. 

Miss Finch took the appliance back and brusquely showed the ladies how the grip
could be applied from the front. With the tips gripping behind the glans to act
as an effective device to pull, she lead Stewart round her in a circle.

Three of the wardresses came forward to try the tongs. Each spent a couple of
minutes trying various grips on Stewart's genitalia, the penis of which was now
fully erect.All  their attempts to grip him were succesful and rather painful.
Eventually they were satisfied and he was dismissed to resume his place with the
female prisoners. The female displaying the modesty belt was ordered to change
position so that she was on all fours, knees spread and  head well down with her
back to the audience. Carstairs was called forward to stand close to the
wardresses.

Miss Finch selected two more weights from the box, clipped them to the nipple
clamps and released them suddenly so that their full weight pulled the swollen
nipples well down on her chest.

"The prisoner now has 12 ounces attached to each clamp," commented Miss Finch,
"you will note, ladies, that even though this distends the nipples considerably,
the grip is still maintained.  I always regard this type of discipline as a form
of female "dressage" and provides excellent training in obedience and
withstanding discomfort. I would normally recommend that the clamps be applied
for 20 minutes followed by 10 minutes respite to restore the circulation and
then a further 20 minutes until a total of two hours have elapsed. Each release
does of course result in some discomfort as the circulation returns and the
nipple will be even more sensitive to the following clamping. I understand that
after even an hour the female becomes amazingly obedient. I have seen Centres
where this punishment is invariably combined with horse time which can be
extremely effective.  Needless to say the addition of the weights can add
considerably to the overall discomfort level.

Discomfort, thought Stewart, was not the word he would use. Carstairs upper body
was covered in a sheen of sweat and she trembled slightly as she struggled to
withstand the pain. Her eyes were wide and her lips clenched so that she had to
breathe through her flared nostrils. Her head was well back so that the
pony-tail trailed low on her damp back. He pondered how much longer she would be
made to endure the pain and humiliation. As if in response to his thoughts Miss
Finch removed the weights and unclipped the clamps with a curt order for
Carstairs to remain at the present.

" As we all know, this period of time when the blood flow returns to the
compressed nipples can be most efficacious in assessing the girls obedience in
remaining in position and not trying to rub the areas. You may return to your
seat girl but do not even think of touching your breasts unless you wish to try
the two hour session with these little devices".

Carstairs returned shakily to the bench and sat between Stewart and one of the
females. Stewart could feel the shaking and smell the sweat of the girl as she
tried desperately to absorb the pain of the returning circulation. He sneaked a
sideways glance and could see the cruel imprint of the clamps on the reddened
and sore aerolae. They seemed to be visibly throbbing.

The next item for demonstration was a specially constructed caning device. It
had a leather grip for a handle into which was set a flange that held three long
thin plastic rods parallel to each other and half an inch apart. The rods were
30 inches long and a quarter of an inch thick with rounded ends.

" The effectiveness of the cane in instilling discipline in prisoners is obvious
to everyone in this service," Miss Finch lectured," However, given the strict
rules on not causing any damage can reduce the severity with which the cane is
applied to some prisoners. Trials and experiments with this instrument, which we
have named the "Tri-cane", have shown that it can be laid on with enthusiasm,
causes a suitable level of discomfort and yet even bruising is minimised. I will
demonstrate��you girl..come here."

A tall prisoner with long dark hair stepped nervously forward. She was led
across to one of the whipping horses and told to mount it. Her parted knees
rested on padded supports and her body was then bent over a bolster. Quickly,
her wrists were secured and her lower legs strapped  to the knee supports. Her
short skirt was raised and her white regulation panties pulled down to be
stretched between her splayed thighs. Once again the position of the girl
displayed her most intimate parts especially as she was completely shaved.
Remarkably her flesh was clear and unmarked and she had obviously escaped any
recent punishment to that area.

Without any warning Miss Finch suddenly raised the tri-cane and brought it
whistling down across the girls buttocks. Three thin white lines were drawn that
rapidly changed to red. The girl bucked her head and gasped. The cane was then
offered, handle first towards the assembled wardresses.
A short overweight young woman stepped forward slipping off her uniform jacket.
Her ungainly breasts thrust against the front of her shirt pulling the opening
against the buttons. Without a word she raised the rods and then brought them
down with all her force across the tops of the girl's thighs. 

As the wretched girl bucked and sobbed, the staff came forward to examine the
results. The strokes had certainly hurt but the combination of the lightweight
rods and the dispersal of the energy over a larger area of cane had resulted in
only very light weals.
This was clearly a useful item and in their sinking hearts, the prisoners
realised that they would be seeing, and indeed feeling, more of this implement
in the future.

This last display more or less concluded the demonstration. The senior wardress
thanked Miss Finch for her efforts and promised to place an order as soon as
possible. She then suggested that as she was spending a night at the Centre, she
avail herself of a prisoner servant and invited her to make a choice. The
prisoners were ordered to stand at attention and Miss Finch moved slowly down
the line looking them up and down. Each relaxed slightly as she moved past them
in the belief that they would now be safe.

She reached the end and then turned and pointed to Carstairs, still naked to the
waist. 

"I will have that one if I may," she said with a smile.

Carstairs was told to dress. As she pulled the tight bra over her reddened
breasts she gasped with pain. Finally she stood at attention and ready. She was
appreciably taller than her new "owner" and certainly older. Her face was a
picture of abject resignation.

"Report to the Guest quarters now girl and await Miss Finch's arrival." Odered
the senior wardress.

As Carstairs left Miss Finch abruptly called her back. Pointing to the nipple
clamps and weights she said: 

"Don't forget my toys girl, I still have some field trials to carry out before I
leave in the morning!"

To be continued.




Chapter 28.

Stewart spent a restless night. The throbbing weals left on his thighs by the
police sergeant didn't help, making it very difficult to find a comfortable
position in the hard dormitory bed. The night sounds of the room of twelve
prisoners were more of a problem. From the "lights out" he had to lay in
solitude listening to the females settling down to sleep, to say nothing of the
inevitable female scents that wafted past his bed-space.

The total ban that existed on masturbation was repeatedly drummed into them by
the staff. Despite this, the nightly ritual of muffled hand movements, rustling
bedclothes and stifled moans indicated that the sexually frustrated females were
prepared to take the risk of being caught. Their final threshings nearly always
moved the bedclothes, wafting the revealing scents of moist female arousal
around the room. He gently touched his own genitalia but the soreness caused by
the earlier forced milkings, not to mention the gripping and pulling of the
inspection tongs ensured that the contact was only comforting in nature. At
least the staff rarely left him in a state of sexual frustration, however
humiliating and painful their relieving techniques were.

His thoughts turned to Harper. Today was the day when she would be receiving her
breast punishment. He tried to imagine how her breasts would feel if they were
as tenderised as his own thighs but realised that as a mere male the concept was
beyond his comprehension. He was more than aware of how the females were
reacting to the impending event. Each, on hearing that a breast whipping was
about to take place, would give an involuntary shudder of empathy and usually
hug her own mammaries with her hands to comfort herself. Phrases came out such
as: "Well she has asked for it", "It surely can't be that bad" and " At least
it's being given by another woman-she will surely feel some sympathy and go easy
on her". Each statement delivered with less conviction that the previous one.

Eventually he drifted off to a dream that he was the victim of a terrible
administrative error by the wardresses. He was to be whipped himself and had to
be checked by the doctor who ordered his chest to be thoroughly shaved in
preparation. He struggled impotently as he was secured in the breast punishment
frame and Miss James, stripped to the waist, advanced towards him clutching a
long thin cane that she raised above her shoulder and brought it whirring down
across both of his nipples. At the exact microsecond of impact he was jarred
awake by the Centre alarm bells jangling the inmates back into life.

Another day at the Correctional Centre was starting.

The Governess' first appointment of the day was with the saleslady from the firm
that markets the disciplinary equipment. Miss Finch arrived five minutes early
and sat in her crisp business suit awaiting the call into the office. The
previous night she had looked any thing but crisp and business like as she
entertained the selected female prisoner in the visitor quarters. She smiled as
she thought back on the evening. How the rather haughty girl had been a little
reluctant to obey her orders and how the visit from the policewoman and the
application of the guardroom cane had improved her attitude. A secret thrill ran
though her body when she remembered the events of the early morning; the sharp
intake of breath and the facial expression that the girl had made as she forced
her breasts into the too small brassiere as she had been made to dress in front
of her.  Perhaps she had been a little unkind in her long use of the nipple
clamps, but the girl had been one of those stuck-up bra models in her previous
life and needed taking down a peg or two��or maybe four or five. 

She was called into the office and was surprised to see that another lady was
present. The Governess introduced her as the Centre doctor and said that she was
on hand to give her professional advice where needed. Sitting back in her chair,
Mrs Gurney then came to the point of the meeting.

"As you probably know, one of the prisoners is scheduled to receive a breast
punishment today. During my hearing of the charges against her I formed the
opinion that she needed to be treated fairly harshly if we are to ever break the
stubborn superiority that she displays. As we all know however, these breast
canings are more feared than really effective; given the control that has to be
exercised over the choice of cane and the force of the strokes to avoid any
damage. What we really need is something that can be laid on with enthusiasm,
frightens the living daylights out of the observers, hurts like hell but causes
no real damage. Can you help?"

"Certainly can Ma'am," responded the saleslady reaching into a voluminous case
at her feet," This is the very latest design of breast flogger, it is on trial
at the moment and would require your regional Inspector's approval for use
today, but it would be well worth the effort."

She produced a fearsome implement. A thick plaited handgrip about six inches
long was attached to several long thongs about two feet long. On closer
examination the nine thongs were made of supple rubber with each a different
length so that on impact they would be fully splayed and cover and area around
six inches in diameter.

The Governess examined the implement in detail then passed it to the doctor. She
inspected it and then, having given it several experimental swishes through the
air, brought it down over the arm of a padded chair with a thud. She nodded her
approval to her boss.

Without further discussion the Governess made a phone call. From her tone, her
frequent "Ma'ams" and her deferential tone it was someone in authority.

The necessary permission obtained, coffee was called for and the three ladies
relaxed. 

In the rest of the Centre however, the mood was anything but relaxed.

The Centre Tannoy announced that there would be a formal and public punishment
session at 1200hrs in the main punishment room. The administrative staff sprung
into action. One squad of female prisoners was detailed to prepare the room
under the supervision of their wardress. Every item and surface was dusted,
polished and polished again. The duty nurse ensured that all the necessary
medical equipment was topped up and ready for use. 

At eleven o'clock the invited guests started to arrive. These were local
worthies who had some say in the funding of the centre. They were mainly female
with two or three males. Several of them had brought their young daughters, aged
eighteen and upwards as an object lesson in keeping to the straight and narrow.
All were formally dressed in business attire and an eager nervous attitude
permeated the room where they waited. 

Stewart's squad under Miss Kenton were assigned the task of taking coats,
showing them to the waiting room and serving coffee. From the glances at the
female prisoner's shirt covered breasts it was obvious that the reason for the
session was known.

Just as Daley was serving two cups of steaming coffee, one of the daughters, a
snooty tall eighteen-year old turned suddenly. There was no way Daley could
avoid her elbow and both cups and their contents were sent flying, mainly over
the servant-prisoner. Instead of showing concern for whether the hot coffee had
hurt Daley, (which it had), or help in sponging her shirt down, the little minx
simply berated the girl calling her a "Clumsy Cow!" in a loud voice. 

Swiftly Miss Kenton was there, offering profuse apologies and a whispered
suggestion to remain after the session and help deal with the offence. This left
the girl positively beaming and the coffee stained Daley looking totally
dejected.

Stewart heard about all this somewhat later. He had been detailed as Prisoner
Escort and had been marched over to the room where Harper was waiting by two
policewomen.

He was surprised how composed the female was. She stood to attention when they
entered and meekly put her hands in front of her for the handcuffs. She was in
the regulation schoolgirl type dress with everything spotlessly clean and
pressed. Her shoulder length hair had been platted in a pigtail. 

It was a short march to the punishment room. Everyone they passed glanced it
their direction but Harper faced forward and appeared in a daze. On arrival the
handcuffs were removed and they were left in the holding cell by themselves with
the door  slammed shut. They took a seat next to each other on the low bench. 
Stewart asked how she was feeling.

" Pretty frightened," she admitted, "The sooner we get this over the better.
It's the total injustice of this place that really gets to me. I am about to be
flogged across my poor boobs and there isn't a damn thing that I can do about
it, I just have to accept whatever they want to do to me."

She apologised as she gently massaged her breasts through the white shirt
material. "That injection they gave me yesterday has certainly worked, I have
just started my period and they are really swollen. This wretched regulation bra
feels even tighter!" 

Stewart looked out into the room. One of the practice training dummies wearing a
bra and panties was still secured to the breast punishment frames. Unknown to
him the wardress selected to punish Harper had been practicing with the new whip
just prior to their arrival. He watched as two wardresses unstrapped the dummy
that they referred to as "Agony Annie"  and carried it away.
 

A few minutes went by and then two other females were brought in and told to
take a seat. One of the wardresses explained that Harper was "top of the Bill"
but the others had been brought in for formal punishments to fill the time for
the visitors. 

Twenty selected prisoners were then marched in and took their position along one
wall. They had been selected from different squads to witness the punishments
and no doubt to carry the details back to their sisters.

Eventually, just before the starting time, The Governess led the chatting and
smiling visitors to their comfortable seats. The punishment session was about to
commence.

The Governess stood in front of the guests and made a short speech of welcome.
She continued:

" There are three prisoners under punishment today and I hope that the scale and
nature of their discipline will fully acquaint you all with the very effective
methods we have at the Centre for training our charges. You will see our
underlying level of humanity is maintained by the presence of Doctor Jayne
Hargreaves and two of her nurses who are authorised to stop the punishment at
any time. But, please ladies and gentlemen, be under no illusion; females in
this establishment are dealt severely. Following each application of a
punishment, please feel free to examine the prisoner and ask any questions that
you may wish."

Turning to the waiting staff she issued the order: "Commence punishments!"

A fully uniformed wardress marched to the holding cell, opened the door and
snapped out the name.

"Hellawell!"

A short plump girl snapped to attention and marched out. She was around twenty
years old, short fair hair and round plain face. She halted in front of the
senior wardress.

"869 Hellawell. On report for persistent slacking in Physical Training.
Sentenced to 18 strokes of the strap across her buttocks."

She was ordered to strip and place her clothes on a small table. First she gave
the assembled visitors a nervous glance, then, steeling herself she removed all
the items of her uniform, paused as if hoping for a miracle of deliverance, then
finally removed her stockings, suspender belt, bra and panties.

The audience had hardly taken in the young firm body that stood in front of them
before she was ordered to mount one of the punishment blocks. Her back was to
the spectators so she could not see their reaction to her unladylike displays as
she climbed up to lean over the padded bench. The flimsy modesty belt did little
to help. Certainly an almost uninterrupted view of her crotch was bound to be
given, but mercifully, this bench required the legs to be closed so the intimate
secrets were soon obscured. Her large breasts were also flattened against the
cold leather of the top providing her with more privacy. Two of the junior
wardresses quickly secured her wrists and ankles. Finally a thick waist strap
was pulled around her.

The punishing wardress stepped forward. It was Miss Kenton. Somewhat
self-consciously she removed her uniform shirt then her brassiere revealing her
superb breasts. Clearly she was ill at ease with the requirement for the
wardress to be stripped to the waist, but her reservations were in no way going
to get in the way of her career ambitions.

She was handed a heavy strap with a handle. The flexible thong was about two and
a half feet long with the last eighteen inches split into two. She ran it
through her left hand several times to re-assure herself with the feel. One of
the nurses swiftly swabbed the twin cheeks down with a soaking cotton wool swab.
Surplus liquid ran into the anal groove and disappeared between the clenched
legs.

She then took up station to the prisoner's left flank, raised the strap and
brought it thwacking down to the wet, white buttocks. Immediately she lifted the
strap clear and brought it down again, then again.

The firm white flesh rapidly showed three red swathes equally spread across both
cheeks. As the shock of the impact turned to pain the girl gasped and flexed
against her securing straps. Miss Kenton casually filled in time, with one eye
on the clock, by walking round the whipping frame holding the strap with her
right hand and stroking it affectionately with her left. Her chosen technique
was clearly to be three quick strokes every minute.

As the second hand reached the top she was back in position with the strap
raised. This time it was brought down over the upper part of the buttocks. Then,
once more, she commenced the slow measured walk around the victim.

The third dose was laid across the lower part of the buttocks. This area was
clearly more sensitive and the girl reacted with a gasp, then a groan and
finally a short yell of distress. By now the audience were totally absorbed in
the procedure taking place in front of them. The absolute silence was
interrupted only by the sound of the strap; the muffled exclamations of the
prisoner and the measured tread of Miss Kenton's uniform boots as, once more,
she patrolled the punishment bench.

Nine strokes down, nine to go. But now the entire area of the girls buttocks
were a bright throbbing red with the thin lines that indicated where the edge of
the strap had struck, already turning a darker shade. Miss Kenton gently stroked
the marks with her fingertips, waited a further full minute, and then brought
down the strap to start the second half of the discipline.

The three across the upper surface slammed home. The prisoner's breathing had
become so irregular that there was scarcely any breath left to scream, only to
moan almost inaudibly.

The next three, across the centre seemed, to spur her vocal cords to more
effort.

"Please Miss..no more Miss!" came the grovelling plea.

Miss Kenton did not even break her step as the girls pleaded. Instead she gave a
satisfied smile as she raised her strap for the final three.

The firmness of Miss Kenton's young breasts had not been in question up to now,
but she brought the strap down with such venom for the last three strokes that
her breasts bounced with reaction each time. As the girl strained and struggled
hopelessly against her bonds Miss Kenton grimaced and gently massaged her
breasts with both hands as if to reassure them. She then stood at the girl's
side, feet apart and hands behind her back clutching the now warm instrument.

"The prisoner is now ready for inspection should any of the visitors require
it." She said with a broad smile. Two of the male guests and two female guests
walked over.

"Please examine the girls buttocks as you wish." She said.

Nervously, the older of the two males ran his hands over the now swollen nates,
feeling the heat that was building by the second. Miss Kenton leant across,
pulled the cheeks apart and exposed the girls cleft and anus.

"As you can see, Sir, the punishment has been very lenient and has not even
covered the entire area." She said looking directly into his eyes. The man
blushed and stuttered his agreement. One of the females, a very graceful lady of
around 40 years casually trailed her long fingernails across the ridges and
swelling.

"Will the prisoner be given any treatment to this area?" she enquired.

"No Madam, the purpose of this flogging is to hurt and we would avoid anything
that would cause any alleviation of the discomfort for obvious reasons."

"Indeed, indeed." Replied the woman as she ageing traced the marks, but this
time dragging her talon like nails harshly over the throbbing flesh.

In no time the girl was unstrapped and led back to the holding cell with her
clothes being thrown casually on the damp floor. She stood against the wall,
whimpering softly and massaging her flogged nates.

734 Cooper. On report for insolence to a junior wardress. Sentenced to receive
12 stroke of the birch across her naked buttocks.

A gentle gasp went around the room. The birch was a rarely used implement with a
justified reputation for severity. The two guards opened the cell door and the
next victim stood to attention then marched out and across the room to her fate.
Cooper was a tall slim female of around 35 years with fair hair drawn up into a
bun at the back of her head. Obediently she stripped naked down to her slim
modesty belt.

She was indeed slim with long thin legs and small rather immature breasts that
looked more like pointed cones with the pink aureole covering almost a third of
the area. She was led to a different whipping frame and ordered to mount it. She
did so with her knees and ankles  taking their position on padded supports some
three feet apart. She had to bend her stomach over a round bolster in order to
lay her elbows and wrists on two other padded supports that angled downwards.
Straps were tightened around her ankles, behind her knees, around her forearms
and around her wrists. She was then effectively held in a widely splayed all
fours position made worse by the stomach bolster forcing her spread buttocks
upwards so that they formed the high point of her body.

To the audience her entire crotch was on shameless display. The modesty strap,
having ridden up into her cleft providing little or no cover. Her light covering
of fair pubic hair did little to obscure her intimate secrets and her anus was
clearly visible either side of the thin garment. Further round the material had
been swallowed by her gaping vulva so that the fringed inner lips, pulled apart
by her position, were fully displayed and almost at a level with her taught
thighs.

The wardress selected for this event was Miss Winstanley, a heavily built black
lady with extremely short curly hair. She casually stepped forward, undid her
shirt displaying a large white support bra. This she rapidly discarded revealing
her melon like breasts with short thick brown nipples. As she walked over to a
tall water tank to retrieve the first birch they swung gently from side to side.
She took up position at the girl's head where she cupped her chin and forced her
to look up at both her disciplinarian and the birch.

The birch was in all respects as it should be. The dozen individual twigs were
of the approved length of 36 to 40 inches, they were bound at the handle and the
overall weight was within the tolerances specified. It was designed to be an
effective instrument when used to correct prisoners, especially those requiring
just that little bit extra to bring them into line. A spare to the same
specification was available and the liquid that they had both been steeped in
contained an effective disinfectant in case of any superficial skin damage. In
brief it was a regulation birch for a regulation punishment.
 

Swiftly the nurse swabbed the area down taking great care to apply the wet swab
generously around the partly exposed anus and genitalia.. This time the
antiseptic liquid could be seen to run down the anal cleft and into the vulval
cleft before it dripped into a pool on the floor.

Miss Winstanley moved to a position to the left of the proffered target, glanced
briefly at the Governess, raised the dripping birch into the air and let fly
with it across the undefended target. 

To those in the audience who were puzzled by the necessity to place the prisoner
in such an embarrassing position, the first stroke provided the answer. As well
as landing on the slim buttocks, the flying twigs with their little hard buds,
also impacted around and into the pudenta.

It was rumoured that with the birch, the first stroke was always the worst.
Cooper's reaction seemed to support that view. Her thighs and lower torso was
free to move, and move it did in a violent bucking motion. Her lungs were
seemingly full of air which she expelled in a short but earnest scream of pain.

The second stroke was lower and a greater proportion of the buds found their way
into the more sensitive areas on the woman. This dispelled the theory about the
first stroke being the worst as the victim gasped and struggled to break free
with even greater effort.

Miss Winstanley, oblivious to the cadence of her swinging breasts lay four more
strokes across the same area at the top of the thighs. Each was a real sizzler
with the full power of her thick sturdy arm behind it. She then slowly walked
around to the girl's head, cupped her chin and raised it so that she could look
into her eyes. The audience was spared the sight of the reddened eyes and tear
stained face; the bared teeth and the dribbling saliva; neither did they hear
the whispered reminder from Miss Winstanley that there were still six strokes to
go.

Taking her position at the business end of the prisoner, the wardress carefully
brushed down the girl's thighs to remove some of the broken twiglets and buds
that were sticking to her. The flesh was an uneven pattern of small interlacing
weals. None were as severe in depth as a cane stroke but each would provide it's
own quotient of pain to make the sum a memorable level of agony.

The birch was still heavy despite losing some of it's mass. It took a strong
woman like Miss Winstanley to lay the next four stokes on at full force with
only seconds between each. She started at the top of the anal cleft and worked
quickly down to the top few inches of the thighs. Overcome either by the pain,
the humiliation or her own struggles,  the wretched prisoner slumped against the
supports in a faint.

Swiftly the Doctor gave the nurses and order. One pulled her head up by her hair
and placed an open vial of smelling salts under her nose. The other quickly
swabbed down the emerging weals that were beginning to cover her rear. One or
both did the trick and the spluttering girl was straining against her bonds
within seconds.

"Continue infliction !" ordered Dpctor Hargreaves curtly.

Miss Winstanley, having stood aside without the slightest expression of concern,
moved back into position and raised her muscular arm.

The last two strokes were laid well into the area between the splayed legs and
impacting on the most sensitive surfaces of the cleft and inner lips. The
technique was known as "whipping in" by the staff. The prisoner though
overwhelmed with the pain only had the energy left to buck feebly and moan
pathetically. The birch was designed to break any prisoner and it most certainly
had on this occasion.

This time, as well as the two male and two female visitors coming forward they
were joined by the young lady who had complained about Daley. Looking flushed
and excited she ran her fingers over the swelling weals making sure that the red
and raw vulval lips were not left unchecked by her examination. Only then did
she give way to the inquisitive hands of one of the males.

Having ascertained that there were no questions, the senior wardress ordered
Cooper to be released. She was so unsteady on her feet that the two nurses, one
on each arm, escorted her back to the cell where she was lowered to a face down
position on her knees.

As she knelt whimpering and dribbling on to the hard floor the next command was
heard:

"377 Harper. On report for three Breast Related Demerits. Sentenced to sixteen
strokes of the cane across each bare breast."

With a low moan Harper stood up and marched across to where the wardresses were
now assembled, at the breast punishment frame. 

The order was given to strip to the waist. She removed her shirt, stood for a
few seconds and then slowly unhooked her last protection and slipped it down
over her arms before it was taken from her by a nurse. She stood, arms at her
side, her large mature breasts hanging low on her chest. The short nipples were
deeply set into the aerolea by the fear of the coming pain. On receiving a nod
from Doctor Hargreaves the shorter of the two nurses produced a steel kidney
dish covered in a green cloth and placed it on the nearby table. She then
ordered the wretched woman to the "present" position. Harper snapped her hands
behind her head, placed her feet apart and forced her elbows hard back.

A murmur of surprise went round the visitors. Several were surprised at the
copious dark underarm hair that was displayed to them, all were impressed by the
way the position lifted the large mammaries making them appear totally
vulnerable.

The nurse produced what looked like a short syringe, applied the end to a nipple
and pulled out the plunger sucking the tender nipple into the tube. She repeated
the procedure for the other nipple leaving the two syringes dangling from the
breasts. 

Mrs Gurney stood next to the prisoner and addressed the visitors:

"Well ladies and gentlemen we now arrive at the infliction of the Breast
punishment .
Before we start I will review the policy behind this form of discipline. The
prisoner is awarded a breast  related demerit or BRD for short if, and only, if
she commits an offence that we regard as breast related. These offences include
being caught wearing a soiled brassiere, wearing a non-regulation brassiere or
wearing a brassiere for some activity where we have ordered that no support may
be worn. An example of the latter would be if the female were found to be
wearing a bra when undergoing physical training or running and such like. The
policy here is that prisoners' breasts should not by confined or restricted in
any way during exercise. Naturally this may appear a little unfair to the larger
girls��but a rule is a rule and no latitude can be given simply because one
prisoner finds it a little uncomfortable."

At this point several of the larger ladies in the audience were shifting
uncomfortably in their seats.

"If three BRD's are collected then an automatic breast punishment is awarded.
The girl has only herself to blame as the rules are perfectly clear. This is
usually a set number of cane strokes. However, today will be different. Clearly
the object of the punishment is to hurt and not to damage. I have been advised
that a new form of implement can achieve more discomfort without any permanent
harm. I have authorised the use of that implement known as a flogger for this
prisoner." 

" It is worth mentioning that several of you ladies asked me earlier whether any
leniency was extended in the event of the prisoner having a period, and
therefore having more sensitive and perhaps swollen breasts. It is most
certainly not considered an excuse for wearing a bra during exercise and it is
most certainly not considered a reason for leniency during a breast punishment.
If the individual prisoner has concerns of that nature then it is for her to
exercise more care in her conduct and not to expect us to bend our rules to
accommodate her particular hormonal cycle. As a matter of fact, I understand
that Harper has just started her period and that she is indeed a female who
suffers from acutely sensitive breasts at this time. As a woman myself I can
only feel some degree of sympathy for her. However, the flogging will take place
and I  can but hope that this will give her even greater incentives to obey the
rules here in the Centre in the future"
 
" Miss James!"

At the mention of her name the most feared wardress on the staff appeared from
behind a partition carrying the device. She carefully handed it to the nearest
guest who, having examined it gingerly, handed it on to the next.

"Whilst you are examining the flogger my staff will prepare the prisoner. As you
can see she is at present having her nipples engorged to ensure that they do not
remain hidden during the whipping. She has also received an injection to promote
fluid retention that many of you ladies will empathise with."

A brief titter of amusement went round the audience.

Harper was led to the breast punishment frame. She was stood with her back to
the contraption, her hands placed behind the frame level with her neck and
secured tightly. This had the effect of forcing her elbows back even further
that the present position and subsequently thrusting her breasts forward.
Totally exposed and vulnerable they appeared even more of a tubular shape and
even more plumped up and sensitive from the medical treatment she had received. 
The suction tubes were removed with a plopping sound leaving the large brown
aureole decidedly puffy. 

Next, the nurse swabbed her chest, sides and upper stomach down to where it
bulged slightly over the waistband of her skirt. Then both breasts were wiped
with the cold antiseptic fluid taking care to lift them to access the areas
underneath.

An eighteen-inch long triangular metal arm was placed between her legs and
lifted so that it fitted tightly under her crotch almost supporting her weight.
It engaged in the frame behind her leaving her skirt raised and lower panties
visible. The bulging around the panty crotch evidenced a large thick absorbent
pad. The hard apex pressed tightly into her sex through the pad and at any other
time would have felt comforting if not downright erotic. Her feet were then
pulled about a foot apart, increasing the weight on the support, and then her
ankles were strapped to the frame. A heavy leather strap was then tightened
around her waist making any movement impossible.

Finally, a small rubber bulb was pumped to inflate a pad between her shoulder
blades. This forced her chest even further forward against the pull of her
secured arms and the securing strap around the waist. Her wet shining breasts
were now fully presented, vulnerable and totally unprotected.

 Miss James, having retrieved the whip from the guests, started to unbutton her
uniform shirt.

To be continued.




Chapter 29.

Both Stewart and the other prisoner, Carstairs, were totally mystified as to why
they were required in Punishment room 4.  They discussed several possible
reasons and found none of them pleasant. As they approached the building that
held the punishment room they ran into other prisoners who had been detailed for
the same duty. By the time they were assembled in a line outside the entrance
door their numbers had swollen to 12. 11 of which were female.

Following a wait of some minutes a senior wardress came out into the corridor
and ordered them inside. They were told to line up with their backs against the
far wall so that they faced the assembled group of wardresses. The two groups
were separated by some of the room's equipment and stands. In front of the
wardresses, who were seated in comfortable chairs that had been brought in for
the occasion, was a shortish, well-built woman of about 30 years. She was not
unattractive. She had long dark hair to her shoulders and wore a white shirt
tucked into a pair of trousers cut to resemble riding jodhpurs. Next to her was
a large table covered with what seemed to be disciplinary equipment.

All the wardresses were still in their uniforms but from their general air and
flushed faces it was obvious that they had been drinking heavily with their
evening meal. The senior wardress who was obviously in charge, moved forward to
make an announcement:

"For the benefit of the prisoners who have just arrived, Miss Finch here is from
the sales department of one of the firms that produce disciplinary equipment to
Centres such as this. She is here tonight to show the staff the latest
developments in her firm's products. On the offchance that she needs a
demonstration subject I have ordered that your group be present. You may take a
seat."

As one, the twelve sank down and perched themselves on a long low bench that ran
the length of the wall. As it was only a foot or so off the ground this caused
some discomfort and left their knees higher than their backsides. Stewart
noticed that the young male trainee warder Billington was in the group of staff.
He was taking the in the view, as the females tried to find a comfortable yet
modest position that did not display their panties to him.

Miss Finch started her lecture:

"The first items I would like to deal with are those of the uniforms. We have
heard from several ladies of the difficulties in complying with the rules that
formal punishments should be inflicted with the wardress's breasts displayed. We
would all agree as to the benefit of the prisoner being fully aware of the
essential femininity of the discipline but at the same time accept that the
larger breasted wardresses may suffer some discomfort during a well applied
thrashing. This brassiere may provide a solution in that it will support the
breasts but leave most of breast exposed."


She opened a package and produced a large white brassiere with heavy supporting
straps but with small quarter sized cups. She proceeded to turn the bra inside
out to reveal plastic supports sewn into the undercups. The item was passed from
person to person with Billington accepting it for examination with a blush.

In response to several questions about the degree of support it provided, Miss
Finch 

Said that he had several sizes and would one of the wardresses care to assess
the garment for herself? A tall blonde haired senior wardress stepped forward
and, selecting her size, calmly slipped off her uniform shirt and tie. At Miss
Finch's suggestion she walked over to one of the whipping stools where a
headless dummy  made out of padding and a covered in a sturdy material had been
strapped down. This was clearly a much-used training device and great lengths
had been taken to ensure an anatomically correct shape, especially round the
hindquarters. Incongruously a bra and panties adorned the training aid.

Having selected a cane from the rack she laid on half a dozen vicious strokes
across the panty clad buttocks to assess the support offered by her regulation
bra. She then casually removed it so that her large firm breasts were naked.
Again she thrashed the inanimate dummy and not surprisingly, the large breasts
could be seen to swing and judder in response.

Having donned the new bra she thoughtfully shook her shoulders and swung her
torso around a little to assess the support. Both breasts were certainly lifted
high on her chest and made her exposed nipples, to Stewart, look even more
provocative. Finally she grasped the cane and delivered a further six slashes
across the padded dummy. Seemingly pleased with the support she experimentally
cupped her breasts in her hands and shook them slightly and said that if Miss
Finch had no objections she would wear the garment for a while to assess the fit
and comfort before placing an order. She then, unselfconsciously, resumed her
seat amongst the staff.

Miss Finch then produced two small stainless steel devices.

"Whilst on the subject of breasts, we have just had these nipple clamps approved
for general use. You will see that they have roughened surfaces on the inside of
the grippers, are large enough to cover even the largest teat and, although
weighing little in themselves, have attachment points to take the set of weights
that we include with the package. May we have a volunteer please from the
prisoners?"

The senior wardress said that they had the ideal candidate in Carstairs,
explaining that she used to be an underwear model. On the orders of the
wardress, the hapless girl marched forward, stripped to the waist and assumed
the present position in front of both staff and prisoners. Stewart had seen her
breasts before but, even so he was immediately taken by their size and yet firm
pertness. The nipples and swollen aureole were a soft vulnerable pink as they
waited for the ministrations of the saleslady. She was taller than the saleslady
and stood with her head well back and her long ponytail rustling against her
shoulder blades as she waited.

Miss Finch continued:

"Previous products of this type have suffered from either having too fierce a
grip for sustained use, or too gentle a grip leading to sliding off when the
girl gets sweaty or exercises. I think that I will be able to demonstrate that
these grip and stay in position. The strength of the grip can be adjusted to
match the thickness of the nipple at the discretion of the wardress." At this, a
little snigger of amusement ran round the staff members.

The devices were adjusted and then Miss Finch grasped the girl's left breast by
the underside. She squeezed the breast to force the nipple forward and applied
the clamp. Carstairs responded with an audible gasp. Soon, the other nipple was
clamped and, with a glance at the clock, she was told to stand on display at the
back of the display area. She took up her position. Stipped naked to the waist
dressed in just her short skirt and stockings, she spread in the present
position. Her elbows were well back and her face already showed the strain
caused by the shiny metal clamps on her sensitive breasts. Her eyes were screwed
up and her teeth bared as she waited desperately for the release. And waited....

Moving on, Miss Finch produced what appeared to be a cotton strap.

" Here ladies is the latest version of the modesty strap. I don't have to remind
you that the female prisoners have to wear one of these to ensure their decency
during punishments with members of the public present. The present strap has
long been felt to be more in the form of a pair of panties rather that the
absolute minimum that it should be. We have therefore produced this strap and
have just received approval for its use. You will see that the waist strap is
virtually only a thin cord and the crotch strap that it holds in place is very
much reduced in size. It is now one inch at the front reducing again to a
quarter of an inch as it passes over the perineum. We have also stiffened the
material to ensure that it doesn't simply slide up into the vulva. Additionally,
we have located these probes that will penetrate the anus and the vaginal
opening to keep the strap in the correct position during movement.
Unfortunately, I hear that the stiffening and the locators have made the garment
rather uncomfortable to wear for any length of time...but one can't have a
article of prison clothing regarded as a fashion statement by the prisoners!"

This remark was greeted with another titter of giggling by the staff as the
senior wardress called a thirty-year old dark haired prisoner to the front. She
was slightly plump with her hair in a bun. She wore round metal-framed glasses
that gave the impression of having been a librarian or held some other dull
position prior to her imprisonment.

"Congratulations girl, you can be our model for the evening. Strip completely".

Nervously and clearly embarrassed, the woman removed her tie, shirt and skirt.
Next she unhitched the suspender belt and removed her stockings from her heavy
legs. After a final pleading look at the audience she removed her bra and
panties and stood, naked at the present. Her underarm hair was short and stubbly
but the hair around her crotch was thicker helping to provide some degree of
concealment. She had small drooping breasts and looked thoroughly out of
condition.

Miss Finch handed her the garment and as the woman pulled it up to her crotch,
knelt down so that she could assist the three-inch long and quarter an inch wide
plastic probes to engage, first into the anus and then the vulva. Finally the
girl stood, awaiting her next order.

Miss Finch started the demonstration by having her run on the spot with legs
raised to almost waist height. Following a few minutes of this, the prisoner was
ordered to climb onto a steel topped table and then squat down. This position
forced her crotch to be fully displayed. Her labia were slightly parted and
nestled either side of the stiff strip of the new strap. To say that the garment
offered any privacy or modesty to the girl was absurd. Even though her clitoris
was covered, the pink inner lips were clearly visible either side and lower
down, the puckered rim of her anus was clearly visible with only the actual
opening covered.

The girl was left in position whilst several of the staff casually wandered
around her assessing the item of uniform clothing. More than one tugged and
pulled so that it's ability to remain centrally fixed in her crotch could be
judged. During this time Miss Finch removed two small weights from the nipple
clamp package and, standing in front of the prisoner modelling the clamps,
fastened them both to the clamp rings releasing them suddenly so that the
nipples took the full weight.

"As you can see, I have now attached 4 ounce weights to the clamps." Remarked
the saleslady." From the look on Carstairs face these seem to have greatly
increased to effect on her nipples. Even though the discomfort is causing her to
sweat somewhat, the grip of the nipples is still firm. The other weights will be
added in a few minutes but right now I would like to draw your attention to this
device that is designed for male inspections."

She produced what looked like large steel barbecue tongs.

"I'm sure that I don't have to emphasise the generally disgusting duties that
your counterparts in male correctional facilities have to tolerate when it comes
to inspecting their male prisoners. I appreciate that you only have one of them
here, but this little device may be very useful in ensuring that he is fully
inspected with the least amount of contact. Stewart...strip completely and come
over here."

Stewart stripped and left his clothes and trainers on the bench with the seated
prisoners. He marched to a position in front of Miss Finch and snapped to the
present position. Nervously eyeing the cruel looking device in her right hand.

" You will see that the handles that I grip with are rubber coated so that even
in damp conditions the wardress is able to maintain a firm hold. At the prisoner
end of the grip the steel prongs have been specially roughened to ensure a firm
grip is achieved, again, even in wet conditions. Would one of you like to try
this out?"

A tall attractive senior wardress that Stewart had not seen before stood up and
moved into position at his side. She was in her late twenties with long blonde
hair. The starched formality of her shirt could not entirely cover up the
pronounced outline of her breasts as she gripped the prongs with her right hand.
Stewart had a few seconds to notice her well-manicured fingernails and their
bright red varnish that seemed at odds with someone who was clearly dedicated to
disciplinary rather than feminine pursuits.

Under the guidance of Miss Finch she gripped his covered glans firmly between
the jaws. Stewart concentrated as best he could on remaining flaccid but already
his penis was reacting to the metallic grip. With a sudden flick of her wrist
she slid the jaws towards his body, jerking his foreskin clear of the head.
Releasing the grip then re-applying it to the retracted skin, she forced the
foreskin fully back from the glans. A cold draught blew gently across his
exposed knob as it was twisted in all directions to be examined under the rim.

Again, under Miss Finch's instructions the now erect penis was released and the
tongs moved to underneath his scrotal sac.

" The device is a little too insensitive to carry out a full scrotal
examination.," intoned Miss Finch, "But it can certainly be used to carry out a
cursory inspection for, say, cleanliness...and let's face it ladies...when you
have a whole group of these prisoners to inspect anything that reduces the level
of disgust for you must be worth having".

The serrated tip of the tongs gripped a loose fold of scrotal flesh and
stretched it well to one side. Stewart fought the instinctive reaction to ease
the grip by moving his hips towards the tongs, instead he braced against the
pain. Suddenly, the wardress shook her hand. The movement was magnified and
transmitted through the tongs to the streched scrotum so that the testes were
uncomfortably shaken.

Miss Finch took the appliance back and brusquely showed the ladies how the grip
could be applied from the front. With the tips gripping behind the glans to act
as an effective device to pull, she lead Stewart round her in a circle.

Three of the wardresses came forward to try the tongs. Each spent a couple of
minutes trying various grips on Stewart's genitalia, the penis of which was now
fully erect.All  their attempts to grip him were succesful and rather painful.
Eventually they were satisfied and he was dismissed to resume his place with the
female prisoners. The female displaying the modesty belt was ordered to change
position so that she was on all fours, knees spread and  head well down with her
back to the audience. Carstairs was called forward to stand close to the
wardresses.

Miss Finch selected two more weights from the box, clipped them to the nipple
clamps and released them suddenly so that their full weight pulled the swollen
nipples well down on her chest.

"The prisoner now has 12 ounces attached to each clamp," commented Miss Finch,
"you will note, ladies, that even though this distends the nipples considerably,
the grip is still maintained.  I always regard this type of discipline as a form
of female "dressage" and provides excellent training in obedience and
withstanding discomfort. I would normally recommend that the clamps be applied
for 20 minutes followed by 10 minutes respite to restore the circulation and
then a further 20 minutes until a total of two hours have elapsed. Each release
does of course result in some discomfort as the circulation returns and the
nipple will be even more sensitive to the following clamping. I understand that
after even an hour the female becomes amazingly obedient. I have seen Centres
where this punishment is invariably combined with horse time which can be
extremely effective.  Needless to say the addition of the weights can add
considerably to the overall discomfort level.

Discomfort, thought Stewart, was not the word he would use. Carstairs upper body
was covered in a sheen of sweat and she trembled slightly as she struggled to
withstand the pain. Her eyes were wide and her lips clenched so that she had to
breathe through her flared nostrils. Her head was well back so that the
pony-tail trailed low on her damp back. He pondered how much longer she would be
made to endure the pain and humiliation. As if in response to his thoughts Miss
Finch removed the weights and unclipped the clamps with a curt order for
Carstairs to remain at the present.

" As we all know, this period of time when the blood flow returns to the
compressed nipples can be most efficacious in assessing the girls obedience in
remaining in position and not trying to rub the areas. You may return to your
seat girl but do not even think of touching your breasts unless you wish to try
the two hour session with these little devices".

Carstairs returned shakily to the bench and sat between Stewart and one of the
females. Stewart could feel the shaking and smell the sweat of the girl as she
tried desperately to absorb the pain of the returning circulation. He sneaked a
sideways glance and could see the cruel imprint of the clamps on the reddened
and sore aerolae. They seemed to be visibly throbbing.

The next item for demonstration was a specially constructed caning device. It
had a leather grip for a handle into which was set a flange that held three long
thin plastic rods parallel to each other and half an inch apart. The rods were
30 inches long and a quarter of an inch thick with rounded ends.

" The effectiveness of the cane in instilling discipline in prisoners is obvious
to everyone in this service," Miss Finch lectured," However, given the strict
rules on not causing any damage can reduce the severity with which the cane is
applied to some prisoners. Trials and experiments with this instrument, which we
have named the "Tri-cane", have shown that it can be laid on with enthusiasm,
causes a suitable level of discomfort and yet even bruising is minimised. I will
demonstrate...you girl..come here."

A tall prisoner with long dark hair stepped nervously forward. She was led
across to one of the whipping horses and told to mount it. Her parted knees
rested on padded supports and her body was then bent over a bolster. Quickly,
her wrists were secured and her lower legs strapped  to the knee supports. Her
short skirt was raised and her white regulation panties pulled down to be
stretched between her splayed thighs. Once again the position of the girl
displayed her most intimate parts especially as she was completely shaved.
Remarkably her flesh was clear and unmarked and she had obviously escaped any
recent punishment to that area.

Without any warning Miss Finch suddenly raised the tri-cane and brought it
whistling down across the girls buttocks. Three thin white lines were drawn that
rapidly changed to red. The girl bucked her head and gasped. The cane was then
offered, handle first towards the assembled wardresses.

A short overweight young woman stepped forward slipping off her uniform jacket.
Her ungainly breasts thrust against the front of her shirt pulling the opening
against the buttons. Without a word she raised the rods and then brought them
down with all her force across the tops of the girl's thighs.

As the wretched girl bucked and sobbed, the staff came forward to examine the
results. The strokes had certainly hurt but the combination of the lightweight
rods and the dispersal of the energy over a larger area of cane had resulted in
only very light weals.

This was clearly a useful item and in their sinking hearts, the prisoners
realised that they would be seeing, and indeed feeling, more of this implement
in the future.

This last display more or less concluded the demonstration. The senior wardress
thanked Miss Finch for her efforts and promised to place an order as soon as
possible. She then suggested that as she was spending a night at the Centre, she
avail herself of a prisoner servant and invited her to make a choice. The
prisoners were ordered to stand at attention and Miss Finch moved slowly down
the line looking them up and down. Each relaxed slightly as she moved past them
in the belief that they would now be safe.

She reached the end and then turned and pointed to Carstairs, still naked to the
waist.

"I will have that one if I may," she said with a smile.

Carstairs was told to dress. As she pulled the tight bra over her reddened
breasts she gasped with pain. Finally she stood at attention and ready. She was
appreciably taller than her new "owner" and certainly older. Her face was a
picture of abject resignation.

"Report to the Guest quarters now girl and await Miss Finch's arrival." Odered
the senior wardress.

As Carstairs left Miss Finch abruptly called her back. Pointing to the nipple
clamps and weights she said:

"Don't forget my toys girl, I still have some field trials to carry out before I
leave in the morning!"

To be continued.




Chapter 30.

Stewart spent a restless night. The throbbing weals left on his thighs by the
police sergeant didn't help, making it very difficult to find a comfortable
position in the hard dormitory bed. The night sounds of the room of twelve
prisoners were more of a problem. From the "lights out" he had to lay in
solitude listening to the females settling down to sleep, to say nothing of the
inevitable female scents that wafted past his bed-space.

The total ban that existed on masturbation was repeatedly drummed into them by
the staff. Despite this, the nightly ritual of muffled hand movements, rustling
bedclothes and stifled moans indicated that the sexually frustrated females were
prepared to take the risk of being caught. Their final threshings nearly always
moved the bedclothes, wafting the revealing scents of moist female arousal
around the room. He gently touched his own genitalia but the soreness caused by
the earlier forced milkings, not to mention the gripping and pulling of the
inspection tongs ensured that the contact was only comforting in nature. At
least the staff rarely left him in a state of sexual frustration, however
humiliating and painful their relieving techniques were.

His thoughts turned to Harper. Today was the day when she would be receiving her
breast punishment. He tried to imagine how her breasts would feel if they were
as tenderised as his own thighs but realised that as a mere male the concept was
beyond his comprehension. He was more than aware of how the females were
reacting to the impending event. Each, on hearing that a breast whipping was
about to take place, would give an involuntary shudder of empathy and usually
hug her own mammaries with her hands to comfort herself. Phrases came out such
as: "Well she has asked for it", "It surely can't be that bad" and " At least
it's being given by another woman-she will surely feel some sympathy and go easy
on her". Each statement delivered with less conviction that the previous one.

Eventually he drifted off to a dream that he was the victim of a terrible
administrative error by the wardresses. He was to be whipped himself and had to
be checked by the doctor who ordered his chest to be thoroughly shaved in
preparation. He struggled impotently as he was secured in the breast punishment
frame and Miss James, stripped to the waist, advanced towards him clutching a
long thin cane that she raised above her shoulder and brought it whirring down
across both of his nipples. At the exact microsecond of impact he was jarred
awake by the Centre alarm bells jangling the inmates back into life.

Another day at the Correctional Centre was starting.

The Governess' first appointment of the day was with the saleslady from the firm
that markets the disciplinary equipment. Miss Finch arrived five minutes early
and sat in her crisp business suit awaiting the call into the office. The
previous night she had looked any thing but crisp and business like as she
entertained the selected female prisoner in the visitor quarters. She smiled as
she thought back on the evening. How the rather haughty girl had been a little
reluctant to obey her orders and how the visit from the policewoman and the
application of the guardroom cane had improved her attitude. A secret thrill ran
though her body when she remembered the events of the early morning; the sharp
intake of breath and the facial expression that the girl had made as she forced
her breasts into the too small brassiere as she had been made to dress in front
of her.  Perhaps she had been a little unkind in her long use of the nipple
clamps, but the girl had been one of those stuck-up bra models in her previous
life and needed taking down a peg or two...or maybe four or five.

She was called into the office and was surprised to see that another lady was
present. The Governess introduced her as the Centre doctor and said that she was
on hand to give her professional advice where needed. Sitting back in her chair,
Mrs Gurney then came to the point of the meeting.

"As you probably know, one of the prisoners is scheduled to receive a breast
punishment today. During my hearing of the charges against her I formed the
opinion that she needed to be treated fairly harshly if we are to ever break the
stubborn superiority that she displays. As we all know however, these breast
canings are more feared than really effective; given the control that has to be
exercised over the choice of cane and the force of the strokes to avoid any
damage. What we really need is something that can be laid on with enthusiasm,
frightens the living daylights out of the observers, hurts like hell but causes
no real damage. Can you help?"

"Certainly can Ma'am," responded the saleslady reaching into a voluminous case
at her feet," This is the very latest design of breast flogger, it is on trial
at the moment and would require your regional Inspector's approval for use
today, but it would be well worth the effort."

She produced a fearsome implement. A thick plaited handgrip about six inches
long was attached to several long thongs about two feet long. On closer
examination the nine thongs were made of supple rubber with each a different
length so that on impact they would be fully splayed and cover and area around
six inches in diameter.

The Governess examined the implement in detail then passed it to the doctor. She
inspected it and then, having given it several experimental swishes through the
air, brought it down over the arm of a padded chair with a thud. She nodded her
approval to her boss.

Without further discussion the Governess made a phone call. From her tone, her
frequent "Ma'ams" and her deferential tone it was someone in authority.

The necessary permission obtained, coffee was called for and the three ladies
relaxed.

In the rest of the Centre however, the mood was anything but relaxed.

The Centre Tannoy announced that there would be a formal and public punishment
session at 1200hrs in the main punishment room. The administrative staff sprung
into action. One squad of female prisoners was detailed to prepare the room
under the supervision of their wardress. Every item and surface was dusted,
polished and polished again. The duty nurse ensured that all the necessary
medical equipment was topped up and ready for use.

At eleven o'clock the invited guests started to arrive. These were local
worthies who had some say in the funding of the centre. They were mainly female
with two or three males. Several of them had brought their young daughters, aged
eighteen and upwards as an object lesson in keeping to the straight and narrow.
All were formally dressed in business attire and an eager nervous attitude
permeated the room where they waited.

Stewart's squad under Miss Kenton were assigned the task of taking coats,
showing them to the waiting room and serving coffee. From the glances at the
female prisoner's shirt covered breasts it was obvious that the reason for the
session was known.

Just as Daley was serving two cups of steaming coffee, one of the daughters, a
snooty tall eighteen-year old turned suddenly. There was no way Daley could
avoid her elbow and both cups and their contents were sent flying, mainly over
the servant-prisoner. Instead of showing concern for whether the hot coffee had
hurt Daley, (which it had), or help in sponging her shirt down, the little minx
simply berated the girl calling her a "Clumsy Cow!" in a loud voice.

Swiftly Miss Kenton was there, offering profuse apologies and a whispered
suggestion to remain after the session and help deal with the offence. This left
the girl positively beaming and the coffee stained Daley looking totally
dejected.

Stewart heard about all this somewhat later. He had been detailed as Prisoner
Escort and had been marched over to the room where Harper was waiting by two
policewomen.

He was surprised how composed the female was. She stood to attention when they
entered and meekly put her hands in front of her for the handcuffs. She was in
the regulation schoolgirl type dress with everything spotlessly clean and
pressed. Her shoulder length hair had been platted in a pigtail.

It was a short march to the punishment room. Everyone they passed glanced it
their direction but Harper faced forward and appeared in a daze. On arrival the
handcuffs were removed and they were left in the holding cell by themselves with
the door  slammed shut. They took a seat next to each other on the low bench. 
Stewart asked how she was feeling.

" Pretty frightened," she admitted, "The sooner we get this over the better.
It's the total injustice of this place that really gets to me. I am about to be
flogged across my poor boobs and there isn't a damn thing that I can do about
it, I just have to accept whatever they want to do to me."

She apologised as she gently massaged her breasts through the white shirt
material. "That injection they gave me yesterday has certainly worked, I have
just started my period and they are really swollen. This wretched regulation bra
feels even tighter!"

Stewart looked out into the room. One of the practice training dummies wearing a
bra and panties was still secured to the breast punishment frames. Unknown to
him the wardress selected to punish Harper had been practicing with the new whip
just prior to their arrival. He watched as two wardresses unstrapped the dummy
that they referred to as "Agony Annie"  and carried it away.


A few minutes went by and then two other females were brought in and told to
take a seat. One of the wardresses explained that Harper was "top of the Bill"
but the others had been brought in for formal punishments to fill the time for
the visitors.

Twenty selected prisoners were then marched in and took their position along one
wall. They had been selected from different squads to witness the punishments
and no doubt to carry the details back to their sisters.

Eventually, just before the starting time, The Governess led the chatting and
smiling visitors to their comfortable seats. The punishment session was about to
commence.

The Governess stood in front of the guests and made a short speech of welcome.
She continued:

" There are three prisoners under punishment today and I hope that the scale and
nature of their discipline will fully acquaint you all with the very effective
methods we have at the Centre for training our charges. You will see our
underlying level of humanity is maintained by the presence of Doctor Jayne
Hargreaves and two of her nurses who are authorised to stop the punishment at
any time. But, please ladies and gentlemen, be under no illusion; females in
this establishment are dealt severely. Following each application of a
punishment, please feel free to examine the prisoner and ask any questions that
you may wish."

Turning to the waiting staff she issued the order: "Commence punishments!"

A fully uniformed wardress marched to the holding cell, opened the door and
snapped out the name.

"Hellawell!"

A short plump girl snapped to attention and marched out. She was around twenty
years old, short fair hair and round plain face. She halted in front of the
senior wardress.

"869 Hellawell. On report for persistent slacking in Physical Training.
Sentenced to 18 strokes of the strap across her buttocks."

She was ordered to strip and place her clothes on a small table. First she gave
the assembled visitors a nervous glance, then, steeling herself she removed all
the items of her uniform, paused as if hoping for a miracle of deliverance, then
finally removed her stockings, suspender belt, bra and panties.

The audience had hardly taken in the young firm body that stood in front of them
before she was ordered to mount one of the punishment blocks. Her back was to
the spectators so she could not see their reaction to her unladylike displays as
she climbed up to lean over the padded bench. The flimsy modesty belt did little
to help. Certainly an almost uninterrupted view of her crotch was bound to be
given, but mercifully, this bench required the legs to be closed so the intimate
secrets were soon obscured. Her large breasts were also flattened against the
cold leather of the top providing her with more privacy. Two of the junior
wardresses quickly secured her wrists and ankles. Finally a thick waist strap
was pulled around her.

The punishing wardress stepped forward. It was Miss Kenton. Somewhat
self-consciously she removed her uniform shirt then her brassiere revealing her
superb breasts. Clearly she was ill at ease with the requirement for the
wardress to be stripped to the waist, but her reservations were in no way going
to get in the way of her career ambitions.

She was handed a heavy strap with a handle. The flexible thong was about two and
a half feet long with the last eighteen inches split into two. She ran it
through her left hand several times to re-assure herself with the feel. One of
the nurses swiftly swabbed the twin cheeks down with a soaking cotton wool swab.
Surplus liquid ran into the anal groove and disappeared between the clenched
legs.

She then took up station to the prisoner's left flank, raised the strap and
brought it thwacking down to the wet, white buttocks. Immediately she lifted the
strap clear and brought it down again, then again.

The firm white flesh rapidly showed three red swathes equally spread across both
cheeks. As the shock of the impact turned to pain the girl gasped and flexed
against her securing straps. Miss Kenton casually filled in time, with one eye
on the clock, by walking round the whipping frame holding the strap with her
right hand and stroking it affectionately with her left. Her chosen technique
was clearly to be three quick strokes every minute.

As the second hand reached the top she was back in position with the strap
raised. This time it was brought down over the upper part of the buttocks. Then,
once more, she commenced the slow measured walk around the victim.

The third dose was laid across the lower part of the buttocks. This area was
clearly more sensitive and the girl reacted with a gasp, then a groan and
finally a short yell of distress. By now the audience were totally absorbed in
the procedure taking place in front of them. The absolute silence was
interrupted only by the sound of the strap; the muffled exclamations of the
prisoner and the measured tread of Miss Kenton's uniform boots as, once more,
she patrolled the punishment bench.

Nine strokes down, nine to go. But now the entire area of the girls buttocks
were a bright throbbing red with the thin lines that indicated where the edge of
the strap had struck, already turning a darker shade. Miss Kenton gently stroked
the marks with her fingertips, waited a further full minute, and then brought
down the strap to start the second half of the discipline.

The three across the upper surface slammed home. The prisoner's breathing had
become so irregular that there was scarcely any breath left to scream, only to
moan almost inaudibly.

The next three, across the centre seemed, to spur her vocal cords to more
effort.

"Please Miss..no more Miss!" came the grovelling plea.

Miss Kenton did not even break her step as the girls pleaded. Instead she gave a
satisfied smile as she raised her strap for the final three.

The firmness of Miss Kenton's young breasts had not been in question up to now,
but she brought the strap down with such venom for the last three strokes that
her breasts bounced with reaction each time. As the girl strained and struggled
hopelessly against her bonds Miss Kenton grimaced and gently massaged her
breasts with both hands as if to reassure them. She then stood at the girl's
side, feet apart and hands behind her back clutching the now warm instrument.

"The prisoner is now ready for inspection should any of the visitors require
it." She said with a broad smile. Two of the male guests and two female guests
walked over.

"Please examine the girls buttocks as you wish." She said.

Nervously, the older of the two males ran his hands over the now swollen nates,
feeling the heat that was building by the second. Miss Kenton leant across,
pulled the cheeks apart and exposed the girls cleft and anus.

"As you can see, Sir, the punishment has been very lenient and has not even
covered the entire area." She said looking directly into his eyes. The man
blushed and stuttered his agreement. One of the females, a very graceful lady of
around 40 years casually trailed her long fingernails across the ridges and
swelling.

"Will the prisoner be given any treatment to this area?" she enquired.

"No Madam, the purpose of this flogging is to hurt and we would avoid anything
that would cause any alleviation of the discomfort for obvious reasons."

"Indeed, indeed." Replied the woman as she ageing traced the marks, but this
time dragging her talon like nails harshly over the throbbing flesh.

In no time the girl was unstrapped and led back to the holding cell with her
clothes being thrown casually on the damp floor. She stood against the wall,
whimpering softly and massaging her flogged nates.

734 Cooper. On report for insolence to a junior wardress. Sentenced to receive
12 stroke of the birch across her naked buttocks.

A gentle gasp went around the room. The birch was a rarely used implement with a
justified reputation for severity. The two guards opened the cell door and the
next victim stood to attention then marched out and across the room to her fate.
Cooper was a tall slim female of around 35 years with fair hair drawn up into a
bun at the back of her head. Obediently she stripped naked down to her slim
modesty belt.

She was indeed slim with long thin legs and small rather immature breasts that
looked more like pointed cones with the pink aureole covering almost a third of
the area. She was led to a different whipping frame and ordered to mount it. She
did so with her knees and ankles  taking their position on padded supports some
three feet apart. She had to bend her stomach over a round bolster in order to
lay her elbows and wrists on two other padded supports that angled downwards.
Straps were tightened around her ankles, behind her knees, around her forearms
and around her wrists. She was then effectively held in a widely splayed all
fours position made worse by the stomach bolster forcing her spread buttocks
upwards so that they formed the high point of her body.

To the audience her entire crotch was on shameless display. The modesty strap,
having ridden up into her cleft providing little or no cover. Her light covering
of fair pubic hair did little to obscure her intimate secrets and her anus was
clearly visible either side of the thin garment. Further round the material had
been swallowed by her gaping vulva so that the fringed inner lips, pulled apart
by her position, were fully displayed and almost at a level with her taught
thighs.

The wardress selected for this event was Miss Winstanley, a heavily built black
lady with extremely short curly hair. She casually stepped forward, undid her
shirt displaying a large white support bra. This she rapidly discarded revealing
her melon like breasts with short thick brown nipples. As she walked over to a
tall water tank to retrieve the first birch they swung gently from side to side.
She took up position at the girl's head where she cupped her chin and forced her
to look up at both her disciplinarian and the birch.

The birch was in all respects as it should be. The dozen individual twigs were
of the approved length of 36 to 40 inches, they were bound at the handle and the
overall weight was within the tolerances specified. It was designed to be an
effective instrument when used to correct prisoners, especially those requiring
just that little bit extra to bring them into line. A spare to the same
specification was available and the liquid that they had both been steeped in
contained an effective disinfectant in case of any superficial skin damage. In
brief it was a regulation birch for a regulation punishment.


Swiftly the nurse swabbed the area down taking great care to apply the wet swab
generously around the partly exposed anus and genitalia.. This time the
antiseptic liquid could be seen to run down the anal cleft and into the vulval
cleft before it dripped into a pool on the floor.

Miss Winstanley moved to a position to the left of the proffered target, glanced
briefly at the Governess, raised the dripping birch into the air and let fly
with it across the undefended target.

To those in the audience who were puzzled by the necessity to place the prisoner
in such an embarrassing position, the first stroke provided the answer. As well
as landing on the slim buttocks, the flying twigs with their little hard buds,
also impacted around and into the pudenta.

It was rumoured that with the birch, the first stroke was always the worst.
Cooper's reaction seemed to support that view. Her thighs and lower torso was
free to move, and move it did in a violent bucking motion. Her lungs were
seemingly full of air which she expelled in a short but earnest scream of pain.

The second stroke was lower and a greater proportion of the buds found their way
into the more sensitive areas on the woman. This dispelled the theory about the
first stroke being the worst as the victim gasped and struggled to break free
with even greater effort.

Miss Winstanley, oblivious to the cadence of her swinging breasts lay four more
strokes across the same area at the top of the thighs. Each was a real sizzler
with the full power of her thick sturdy arm behind it. She then slowly walked
around to the girl's head, cupped her chin and raised it so that she could look
into her eyes. The audience was spared the sight of the reddened eyes and tear
stained face; the bared teeth and the dribbling saliva; neither did they hear
the whispered reminder from Miss Winstanley that there were still six strokes to
go.

Taking her position at the business end of the prisoner, the wardress carefully
brushed down the girl's thighs to remove some of the broken twiglets and buds
that were sticking to her. The flesh was an uneven pattern of small interlacing
weals. None were as severe in depth as a cane stroke but each would provide it's
own quotient of pain to make the sum a memorable level of agony.

The birch was still heavy despite losing some of it's mass. It took a strong
woman like Miss Winstanley to lay the next four stokes on at full force with
only seconds between each. She started at the top of the anal cleft and worked
quickly down to the top few inches of the thighs. Overcome either by the pain,
the humiliation or her own struggles, the wretched prisoner slumped against the
supports in a faint.

Swiftly the Doctor gave the nurses and order. One pulled her head up by her hair
and placed an open vial of smelling salts under her nose. The other quickly
swabbed down the emerging weals that were beginning to cover her rear. One or
both did the trick and the spluttering girl was straining against her bonds
within seconds.

"Continue infliction !" ordered Dpctor Hargreaves curtly.

Miss Winstanley, having stood aside without the slightest expression of concern,
moved back into position and raised her muscular arm.

The last two strokes were laid well into the area between the splayed legs and
impacting on the most sensitive surfaces of the cleft and inner lips. The
technique was known as "whipping in" by the staff. The prisoner though
overwhelmed with the pain only had the energy left to buck feebly and moan
pathetically. The birch was designed to break any prisoner and it most certainly
had on this occasion.

This time, as well as the two male and two female visitors coming forward they
were joined by the young lady who had complained about Daley. Looking flushed
and excited she ran her fingers over the swelling weals making sure that the red
and raw vulval lips were not left unchecked by her examination. Only then did
she give way to the inquisitive hands of one of the males.

Having ascertained that there were no questions, the senior wardress ordered
Cooper to be released. She was so unsteady on her feet that the two nurses, one
on each arm, escorted her back to the cell where she was lowered to a face down
position on her knees.

As she knelt whimpering and dribbling on to the hard floor the next command was
heard:

"377 Harper. On report for three Breast Related Demerits. Sentenced to sixteen
strokes of the cane across each bare breast."

With a low moan Harper stood up and marched across to where the wardresses were
now assembled, at the breast punishment frame.

The order was given to strip to the waist. She removed her shirt, stood for a
few seconds and then slowly unhooked her last protection and slipped it down
over her arms before it was taken from her by a nurse. She stood, arms at her
side, her large mature breasts hanging low on her chest. The short nipples were
deeply set into the aerolea by the fear of the coming pain. On receiving a nod
from Doctor Hargreaves the shorter of the two nurses produced a steel kidney
dish covered in a green cloth and placed it on the nearby table. She then
ordered the wretched woman to the "present" position. Harper snapped her hands
behind her head, placed her feet apart and forced her elbows hard back.

A murmur of surprise went round the visitors. Several were surprised at the
copious dark underarm hair that was displayed to them, all were impressed by the
way the position lifted the large mammaries making them appear totally
vulnerable.

The nurse produced what looked like a short syringe, applied the end to a nipple
and pulled out the plunger sucking the tender nipple into the tube. She repeated
the procedure for the other nipple leaving the two syringes dangling from the
breasts.

Mrs Gurney stood next to the prisoner and addressed the visitors:

"Well ladies and gentlemen we now arrive at the infliction of the Breast
punishment .

Before we start I will review the policy behind this form of discipline. The
prisoner is awarded a breast  related demerit or BRD for short if, and only, if
she commits an offence that we regard as breast related. These offences include
being caught wearing a soiled brassiere, wearing a non-regulation brassiere or
wearing a brassiere for some activity where we have ordered that no support may
be worn. An example of the latter would be if the female were found to be
wearing a bra when undergoing physical training or running and such like. The
policy here is that prisoners' breasts should not by confined or restricted in
any way during exercise. Naturally this may appear a little unfair to the larger
girls...but a rule is a rule and no latitude can be given simply because one
prisoner finds it a little uncomfortable."

At this point several of the larger ladies in the audience were shifting
uncomfortably in their seats.

"If three BRD's are collected then an automatic breast punishment is awarded.
The girl has only herself to blame as the rules are perfectly clear. This is
usually a set number of cane strokes. However, today will be different. Clearly
the object of the punishment is to hurt and not to damage. I have been advised
that a new form of implement can achieve more discomfort without any permanent
harm. I have authorised the use of that implement known as a flogger for this
prisoner."

" It is worth mentioning that several of you ladies asked me earlier whether any
leniency was extended in the event of the prisoner having a period, and
therefore having more sensitive and perhaps swollen breasts. It is most
certainly not considered an excuse for wearing a bra during exercise and it is
most certainly not considered a reason for leniency during a breast punishment.
If the individual prisoner has concerns of that nature then it is for her to
exercise more care in her conduct and not to expect us to bend our rules to
accommodate her particular hormonal cycle. As a matter of fact, I understand
that Harper has just started her period and that she is indeed a female who
suffers from acutely sensitive breasts at this time. As a woman myself I can
only feel some degree of sympathy for her. However, the flogging will take place
and I can but hope that this will give her even greater incentives to obey the
rules here in the Centre in the future"

" Miss James!"

At the mention of her name the most feared wardress on the staff appeared from
behind a partition carrying the device. She carefully handed it to the nearest
guest who, having examined it gingerly, handed it on to the next.

"Whilst you are examining the flogger my staff will prepare the prisoner. As you
can see she is at present having her nipples engorged to ensure that they do not
remain hidden during the whipping. She has also received an injection to promote
fluid retention that many of you ladies will empathise with."

A brief titter of amusement went round the audience.

Harper was led to the breast punishment frame. She was stood with her back to
the contraption, her hands placed behind the frame level with her neck and
secured tightly. This had the effect of forcing her elbows back even further
that the present position and subsequently thrusting her breasts forward.
Totally exposed and vulnerable they appeared even more of a tubular shape and
even more plumped up and sensitive from the medical treatment she had received. 
The suction tubes were removed with a plopping sound leaving the large brown
aureole decidedly puffy.

Next, the nurse swabbed her chest, sides and upper stomach down to where it
bulged slightly over the waistband of her skirt. Then both breasts were wiped
with the cold antiseptic fluid taking care to lift them to access the areas
underneath.

An eighteen-inch long triangular metal arm was placed between her legs and
lifted so that it fitted tightly under her crotch almost supporting her weight.
It engaged in the frame behind her leaving her skirt raised and lower panties
visible. The bulging around the panty crotch evidenced a large thick absorbent
pad. The hard apex pressed tightly into her sex through the pad and at any other
time would have felt comforting if not downright erotic. Her feet were then
pulled about a foot apart, increasing the weight on the support, and then her
ankles were strapped to the frame. A heavy leather strap was then tightened
around her waist making any movement impossible.

Finally, a small rubber bulb was pumped to inflate a pad between her shoulder
blades. This forced her chest even further forward against the pull of her
secured arms and the securing strap around the waist. Her wet shining breasts
were now fully presented, vulnerable and totally unprotected.

Miss James, having retrieved the whip from the guests, started to unbutton her
uniform shirt.

To be continued.




Chapter 31.

Miss James hesitated, then clicked her fingers in the direction of Stewart. He
hurried over in response to the summons and was told remove her tie and shirt
and then to  stand by to assist her, should she need him.

Having removed her tie he slowly unbuttoned her uniform shirt. He pulled it out
of the tight skirt waistband and, moving to her rear, slipped it off her
shoulders pulling it clear of her body. She was wearing the latest breast
support that had been demonstrated the previous evening. It certainly did leave
at least three-quarters of her large breasts totally bare yet it provided
considerable support to the underside so that they were thrust apart and
forward. Despite their size and weight the new bra kept the undersides just
clear of the chest. As she moved towards Harper, with Stewart following like an
obedient puppy, her breasts only nodded slightly in response to her movements.

To the male and several of the female guests, the display of what were two sets
of over-large mammaries caused some considerable head swinging as eyes switched
from one pair to the other as if at a tennis match. As soon as she reached her
victim Miss James commenced a careful examination of Harper's wet naked breasts
to ensure that both had been adequately swabbed with antiseptic, then, turning
to the female doctor, suggested that Harper be fitted with an oral bit.

The older of the two nurses located the device on one of the equipment boards.
She dipped it briefly in the bowl of antiseptic then, from a position behind the
woman, reached round, forced the dripping leather tube between her teeth and
strapped it behind her head pulling it tight into the now gaping jaws. Harper
spluttered in protest as the foul tasting liquid entered her mouth. It was
apparent that its purpose was to protect her teeth rather than to muffle her in
any way. The Punishment room was, after all soundproofed, and she would only be
assaulting the eardrums of those present.

Harper's trembling had now become visible. Her breasts could be seen quivering
as their owner's fear was transmitted to them.

Miss James took up position to the right of the secured female and glanced at
the Governess. The total silence of the room was broken by her sharp command:

"Commence punishment, sixteen strokes to each breast."

Miss James half turned away, raised her right hand holding the flogger over her
shoulder, raised herself on tip-toe.... and...brought the whip whirring down
across the upper surface of Harper's naked right breast.  It impacted with a
loud thwuck that sent a shiver of fear though every woman present. The target
flexed and swayed as it absorbed the impact and a half-scream forced its way
though the leather gag. Almost immediately the stroke was repeated three more
times. Each time Miss James, used not only her full arms reach, but also put her
not inconsiderable weight behind it to ensure that the thongs lashed in with
full force. It might be the Governess' idea to use a lightweight whip but she
would do her utmost to make each stroke count.

When the breast had stopped its jelly like wobbling, it could be seen that the
upper surface was covered in reddening small weals where the tips had hit.
Harper was left gasping. It seemed as if all the breath had been knocked out of
her, which, in a way was true as the weight of the flogger in Miss James's hands
had been felt right though her chest. Her eyes were wide and looking imploringly
at the wardress for help.

Without success.

Miss James shifted her feet slightly to change her position and aiming point.
The next four strokes were aimed at the inner side of the right breast from the
nipples to the centre of her chest. The flogger was brought in a motion parallel
with the ground from behind the wardress gathering speed and landing on the
softer inner flesh with a muffled thwuck each time. Again four strokes were laid
on leaving the inner cleavage marked and stinging. Again the soft breast was
forced to flatten and swing as it absorbed each lash and even the constrained
breasts of the wardress were swinging in unison as her body pivoted around to
put her weight behind the whip.

Miss James nodded at the younger nurse who, slipping on a thick leather glove,
stood in front of Harper. Grasping her right nipple she hefted the breast until
the entire underside was exposed. To the women in the audience this was known to
be the most sensitive and vulnerable part of a large heavy udder. Several of
them were clutching their own busts protectively.

Taking careful aim, Miss James let the thong tips rest on the floor behind her,
then brought them up with a final flick to hit the soft underside. As each
struck home the nipple was snatched upwards out of the nurses grasp and then the
breast came flopping down onto Harper's chest. Harper grunted each time and her
frightened eyes remained fixed to the implement following its movements.

The contrast between the breasts was now remarkable. The right almost covered in
angry short weals and the left still a vulnerable white. Harper moans could be
clearly heard. Her entire upper body was bathed in sweat.

Similarly, the torso of the wardress was also visibly damp but in her case from
the total effort that she was putting into the thrashing. She stood imperiously
nodding down to her breasts. Stewart grasped a small towel from a stand and
stood in front of her.

"Wipe me down Boy." She commanded.

He started by wiping the towel around her face and neck. She then she turned to
face the audience. Her wide muscular back was presented to him. He carefully
wiped it from the shoulders to the waist, acutely aware of how the scent of
disinfectant in the room was being replaced by that of raw female sweat. She
turned to face him. First he wiped down her arms, taking care to rub the profuse
under-arm hair dry, then, as carefully as he could, ran the damp towel over each
large breast in turn taking extra care on the underside where the mounds sagged
over the new bra cups. Finally he wiped round her firm stomach.

Methodically Miss James transferred the whip to her left hand and gave Stewart
her right one. He gently rubbed the towel over it and between her fingers and
then took the whip from her grasp to wipe the leather handgrip. He could not
help but run the rubber thongs through the towel aware that this moisture was
from Harper's breasts.

Miss James changed sides. Hope rose in Harper's mind, fighting against the pain
from the sore breast, and the feeling of total humilation: could it be that Miss
James was reducing the punishment?

A savage lash across the top of her left breast took her mind off thoughts of
leniency and brought her back to reality. Three more to the same place had her
struggling to turn, to move away, to protect these sensitive agonised parts of
her femininity from any more pain. The construction of the breast frame was
designed to prevent that type of antic and held her firmly.

The inner side of the breast was flogged then the underside was dealt with as
before. Harper's hopes were raised that the punishment was now over as she
braced against the frame desperately trying to absorb the pain from what felt
like two swinging sacks of agony.

Certainly Stewart was called forward, and, with a fresh towel, wiped the running
sweat of exertion from the wardress. She didn't need to raise her arms this time
for the raw smell of sweat to reach his nostrils. As he wiped her down he
speculated again at the injustice of the prisoners being punished for the
slightest infringement of their personal hygiene and yet the warders could be as
casual as they wished on the subject.

Miss James stood directly in front of her victim. "The implement of punishment
may have changed, Harper. But Dr Hargreave's recommendation to give those large
aureoles of yours a little bit of special attention hasn't. Eight strokes to go
I believe, more than enough to satisfy that request. I intend that you will
really feel these Harper."

She raised the whip over her left shoulder and, swinging around her hips,
brought it whirring across the breasts from left to right lashing the outer side
of the right breast. On the backstroke the outer side of the left breast was
struck. Harper was unable to tell which was hurting her more, the pain from the
stinging rubber lashes or the deeper ache from her large swollen breasts being
flung form one side of her chest to the other. Again the vicious lash from the
right then the left.

Miss James then moved back to the prisoner's right for two heavy lashes across
the aureole of the right breast, rapidly changing sides to complete the flogging
with two across the left breast. All four strokes landed on the sensitive
puckered brown skin and it's engorged nipple, first flattening the soft breast
then dragging itself clear across the sensitised flesh. Each time Harper tried
to scream but the breath had been knocked out of her and she could only manage a
guttural gasp.

Harper slumped against her supports as much as possible. Her breasts throbbed
and ached but even more her very body felt totally broken by the savage
discipline. The weals were slowly turning a purple colour and both breast aerole
were swollen and  glowing a bright red. She sobbed softly, this was by far the
most painful beating she had received but this had been on her breasts, the very
centre of her femininity...and she had been powerless to protect herself.

"Nurse, please remove the bit, Ladies and Gentlemen, please come forward for
examination and any questions that you may have for the prisoner" Miss James
announced to the room.

The visitors formed an orderly line to examine Harper. The first was a
distinguished looking man in his early sixties. Without hesitation he cupped the
hanging breasts with both hands and lifted them roughly turning them this way
and that to look at the marking. Holding them firmly he squeezed his fingers
tightly around the wealed flesh.

"First time that you have had these whipped?" he enquired.

"Y..yes Sir." Harper replied wincing.

He dropped both of them with a slap against her chest and transferred his grip
to the nipples, lifting them up on the pretext of further checking, pulling
against the weight of the breasts themselves.

"You seemed to complain even more when these bits were hit, surely they can't be
that sensitive?" as he spoke he gripped even tighter and twisted the swollen
throbbing discs. Harper threw her head back against the frame. Her eyes were
wide and looking up to her left; her teeth were bared as she forced herself to
accept the pain and indignity without answering back.

" Sorry Sir, but the nipples and surrounds...are...very sensitive and painful...
they hurt terribly." She stuttered, hoping desperately that he would show some
mercy and release her.

He did, but only after a minute in which he increased the grip and the twisting.
He stared into her eyes hoping for some rebellion that could be complained about
but Harper bared her teeth and hung on until he released her. His hands were
rapidly replaced by a lady guest's scraping finger nails, then another's cold
hands with her large rings turned inward so that they could be dragged across
the weals and nipples in an apparently sympathetic display of gently stroking
the whipped breasts.

A couple in their twenties were next. They grasped a breast each and proceeded
to examine and compare them for size and then marks. The female had a less
savage grip than her boyfriend but made sure that her talon like nails were used
to grip the large slippery breast as she twisted and turned it. Her boyfriend
then copied her movements as both breasts were lifted, twisted, pulled outwards
and then down as they were inspected.

" They look hardly marked," said the female, " I presume all this face screwing
up is a bid to gain our sympathy. I came to the last breast punishment session
here and believe me, when they get the cane across tits like this they really
feel it. She would have been screaming if we gripped them tightly."

So saying she gave the right breast a final savage squeeze and dropped it back
to the chest. Her boyfriend quickly did the same causing Harper to yell out
aloud.

"The prisoner will remain SILENT during examination!" snapped Miss James loudly.

It took a full ten minutes of further pain, groping and humiliation before
Harper was unstrapped and allowed to take a seat in the holding cell. She sat
there clutching her breasts protectively, gently trying to massage the pain
away.

The room emptied, Stewart and his squad were left to clean up and replace all
the equipment. All the females were subdued and thoughtful as they wiped the
frame down where the victims sweat had left it damp.

But, for one member of the squad there were other plans:

Following Daley's earlier accident she had been sent to the squad's punishment
room to await the pleasure of Miss Kenton. She in turn had managed a discrete
word with the Governess. It seemed that the young girl who had been involved was
the daughter of a local businessman. He himself wasn't there but his wife was
and Mrs Gurney had an important meeting scheduled with her in the afternoon.
Unlike the political people who merely gave out the Government monies, this lady
could pass on the very real and immediate money that her husband made. From what
the Governess had heard, he was delighted to let his bossy overweight wife and
spoilt daughter write cheques as they wished, provided that kept them off his
back.

The absence of the daughter would provide a perfect opportunity for Mrs Gurney
to screw the largest possible cheque from the woman whilst her daughter was kept
amused by Judith Kenton. Having reassured the lady that Daley would be dealt
with it was an easy task to convince her that her daughter should be allowed to
observe as part of the Centre's apology to her.  It was the lady's own
suggestion that  "Charlotte" be allowed to assist as an afternoon's diversion
for her.

Miss Kenton suggested that Charlotte accompany her to meet Daley. Charlotte was
tall, with her long fair hair fastened in a formal bun behind her head. She was
slim with small breasts and an attractive if somewhat horsey face with a large
nose. On the walk over to the block Miss Kenton went to great lengths to placate
the young girl. The last thing she was going to mention was any reference to the
stupid female's own fault in causing the accident. It was after, all the sort of
injustice that Daley and the others just had to learn to accept.

" Well, what can I say other than we view this sort of event as tantamount to
insolence. The fact that you are a guest of the Centre makes it even more
embarrassing for us. The Governess has given me carte blanche so any normal
restrictions to my powers of punishment need not concern us. I think I can
guarantee that we will be making this prisoner a very contrite woman indeed. I
take it that you have no experience at disciplining servants or suchlike?"

Charlotte pouted. "No, unfortunately!  I get constantly irritated by the way the
stable girls seem to be totally incapable of following my instructions, I only
wish that I could lay a crop across their backsides. It would certainly sharpen
them up a bit. It certainly works when I lay the crop on one of the horses."

She then glanced hopefully in Miss Kenton's direction. Miss Kenton smiled
broadly and continued:

" This could be a very interesting afternoon for you. My basic plan is that she
will have to be punished for her error, but there will be numerous opportunities
for us to amuse ourselves at her expense whilst we consider the form and
severity of that punishment. Can I take it that you have no inhibitions about
handling a female prisoner should it be necessary?"

"Let's just say that I have just spent seven years in a girls boarding school
and leave it at that." Charlotte laughed.

Meanwhile, in the punishment room, Daley awaited Miss Kenton's arrival.

She stood, at attention, on the small white painted disc; the designated place
for prisoners whose only instruction had been to "wait in the punishment room." 
She had been there for an hour with her arms, shoulders and legs becoming stiff.
She had no idea whether Miss Kent's arrival would be in several seconds or
several hours, neither did she have any idea of what she would be subjected to
when she arrived. All she knew was that she was in deep trouble and that the
last thing she should do was to make it any worse by not being in position when
she arrived. She was correct in her assumption that a CCTV camera was observing
her, but whether the actual screen that displayed the image of her was being
viewed she had no idea.

She stared at her reflection in a full-length mirror. She hardly recognised the
25 year old female that stared back. Her 5' 4'' frame was dressed in the
regulation and humiliating uniform of a schoolgirl, made even more humiliating
by her matronly bosom that seemed overlarge even for her slightly podgy figure.
The shirt was stained where the hot coffee had spilt all over her front running
down to her skirt. Anxiously she scanned her reflection to check that every rule
she could think of had been complied with. The tie was straight and tight to her
collar; all the buttons on her shirt were fastened; her skirt was the regulation
distance above her knees. She reached under her skirt and released the tight
white panties that had bunched themselves into her crotch area realising that
she would soon need to take a chance and visit the toilet

Noticing that the skirt had slipped slightly she gripped her waistband and was
pulling it up when....

"I thought I told you to be at attention GIRL!!!" came the furious sound of Miss
Kenton's voice.

Daley snapped back to the attention, all too aware that the hour or so spent in
that position had been frittered away by the slip of a few seconds. She had
hoped to prevent the situation getting worse for herself but now realised that
she had given the young wardress yet another opportunity.

"As you well know Daley, this is the young lady that you so stupidly bumped
into. The Governor has asked me personally to ensure that she leaves the Centre
with the impression that you are suitably sorry for your carelessness. How I
achieve that has been left to my own discretion, but it might warn you that the
normal restrictions for my rank do not apply in your case. This won't be a
gentle three strokes of a strap my girl."

"Present!"

Daley snapped to the ordered position. Miss Kenton stood in front of her with
Charlotte.

" This is the position a prisoner takes up when we intend to inspect her. As you
can see the entire body may well be clothed but essentially it is available for
examination. No matter how embarrassing this procedure may get I can almost
guarantee that she won't dare to impede us by moving or bringing her hands down.
Run your hands all over her and satisfy yourself that she remains in position."

Charlotte stood close to Daley. She was far taller than the prisoner was and
much slimmer. She looked into the older female's eyes and found herself flushing
with excitement at the thought of having her totally in her power. She then
reached towards her with her palms open and ran her hands over her shoulders,
under her arm pits feeling the slight dampness and then around her arms until
she reached the girl's hands. Next she reached behind to gently stroke her back,
standing so close that her breasts were almost touching Daley's face. Bringing
her hands forward she increased the pressure as her hands again rubbed against
the damp armpits and slid down to the waist.

She sensed and heard Daley sigh with relief that this was not going to be a
personal examination and that her breasts were to to be left alone. She allowed
almost thirty seconds of relaxation before suddenly placing both of her palms
firmly against the prisoner's breasts.

Daley flinched with shock but maintained position. Charlotte cupped both of her
shirt-encased breasts, lifting and palpating them thoughtfully. She would later
admit that she was surprised by their size and firmness, given that her own were
relatively small. The stain from the coffee was still moist to the touch and had
obviously soaked through to the brassiere. The nipples were already swelling
under the young girl's fingertips. To add to Daley's embarrassment; Charlotte
grasped them firmly, looking into the prisoner's eyes.

"Have you had your breasts whipped yet?" she asked in a mock tone of sympathy.

"No Miss" replied Daley starting to sense that this young bitch was enjoying her
position of power.

"Collected any Breast Related Demerits yet?" she continued increasing the grip
on the now engorged nipples to the point that Daley was starting to fidget.

"Nnno Miss, none". Stuttered the now grimacing woman.

With a final sharp twist Charlotte released her grip and turned towards Miss
Kenton.

"I understand from what the Governor said, that a BRD can be awarded for a dirty
bra. I think we had better check for ourselves."

Miss Kenton, delighted that her young friend was learning so quickly,
complimented her on her knowledge of the rules and then ordered Daley to remove
her tie and shirt, place them on an adjacent table and return to the spot and
assume the "present" again.

In a flurry of activity Daley followed the orders and stood rigidly at the
present. Her bra was indeed soiled. The coffee had soaked into the right cup but
the left was also stained. Her flesh, where exposed, was a bright pink from the
near boiling liquid and looked sore and tender.

Again, Charlotte played with the two protrusions in the bra material that were
formed by the prisoner's excited nipples, gripping each tightly and shaking
firmly to cause the breasts to ripple in response.

"It seems so unfortunate that we have to award a BRD for this bra," continued
Charlotte in a whining sarcastic voice " Her breasts seem to have been made
really sore by all that hot coffee and the thought of having to take the whip
over them must be really awful."

"Not our problem," retorted Miss Kenton, "Our policy here is never to accept
excuses, her bra is soiled so she gets a BRD...unless of course..." her voice
tailed off.

Charlotte was intrigued and pressed for an explanation. Miss Kenton told her
that some wardresses when awarding a BRD would give the option of an unofficial
breast punishment instead. If the prisoner was prepared to accept what they
referred to as a "Breast Spanking" the whole thing could be forgotten about.
This usually consisted of giving each breast a number of swats with perhaps a
hand or a table-tennis bat and, whilst rather unpleasant, could at least delay
the sort of formal breast whipping that they had seen earlier.

" I feel pretty badly about the way this slut has behaved today and I would be
more than happy for you to carry out the punishment if you wish." Miss Kenton
concluded. "Let's put it on her slate as it were- and deal with it later."

Daley was left out of the conversation. She had to just stand there and hear her
breasts being discussed. Miss Kenton however was more than aware that a
discussion was not necessary, as any prisoner in her right mind would jump at
the choice.

Charlotte continued with her examination of the female. She ordered her to
remove her bra and resume the position. An area of pink flesh extended over the
right breast and ran down to the waistband that indicated the area splashed by
the coffee. It was obviously far from being a burn, but as Charlottes scraping
nails revealed it was non-the less, super sensitive.

The prisoner's breasts were indeed firm, and the removal of their supporting
brassiere resulted in virtually no sagging. Charlotte ran her fingertips under
the breasts where they scarcely touched her chest. More of these beauties later,
she thought, stepping back. She glanced at Miss Kenton who nodded her assent and
Charlotte gave her next order:

"Skirt off girl, let's have a look at your knickers."

Blushing, Daley unfastened her short uniform skirt and removed it. The coffee
stain had soaked down to the waistband of the tight white regulation panties. It
still felt damp as Charlotte ran her finger around the waistband pulling it
clear of the pinkened skin so that she could look inside. Her investigations
were cut short by a furious outburst from Miss Kenton directed at the hapless
prisoner.

" Not only do you offend our guests Daley, but you also seem intent on flouting
the rules concerning the cleanliness of your uniform. This offence would
normally be dealt with by the Governor in a formal punishment, however, I will
have to punish you and I intend that you should suffer for your carelessness and
stupidity. Strip off your panties, hand them to Miss Charlotte for inspection
and then remove your stockings and suspender belt."

Daley struggled out of her underwear, placed the stockings on the table with her
other clothing. She then held her panties in both hands as she had been trained,
so that the crotch was open and exposed to the young girl for her inspection.
Charlotte stared intently hoping to find fault but was disappointed by the
cleanliness of the material.

The coffee stain, however, was sufficient cause for Miss Kenton. She ordered
Daley back to the "present" and stood, with Charlotte at her side, on front of
her.

"The soiled panties will require a punishment to be inflicted, but before we
progress any further Charlotte, perhaps you would like to satisfy yourself that
the hot coffee has not caused any burns that we cannot immediately see. Please
feel free to thoroughly examine the prisoner using any equipment that you
consider necessary. Naturally you will wish to wear a pair of latex gloves."

Charlotte could not believe her luck. Here stood an older female totally
available for her to taunt, tease or torment as she wished. She slowly donned
the gloves that she had been handed.

" Im afraid Daley," she almost whispered," that this will have to be a rather
personal and embarrassing examination. I have little experience in this field so
you may find this uncomfortable and distressing, but it has to be done. Climb up
on that table!"

The naked prisoner climbed, as elegantly as any naked female could, onto the
steel covered inspection bench. Neither Daley nor Miss Charlotte was aware that
it was the very same table that Stewart had found himself on the previous day.
Miss Kenton had heard how convenient the device was and asked that it be moved
into her domain. Miss Kenton secured Daley's head in the dog collar that held
her neck between the uprights as if she were a bitch awaiting the attentions of
a veterinary doctor. Daley's wrists were secured above her head level but, for
the time being, the other straps were left unfastened.  With the hands secured
just above head level, Daley's breasts were left hanging freely just clear of
the cold steel surface. The position of the prisoner's head, slightly lower than
her shoulders ensured that her buttocks were thrust up and her entire
hindquarters were presented in a lewd and humiliating manner.

Miss Charlotte walked slowly around the inspection table, her heels clicking on
the floor of the punishment room. She held her glove encased hands behind her
back as she looked over her victim from all angles taking in the hanging breasts
and indecently splayed crotch wondering if her own, most intimate lips gaped so
shamelessly if they were displayed in that manner.

Again she circled as Daley, although accepting the inevitable, became
increasingly nervous.

She stopped and advance upon the prisoner from the side.It was to be the
breasts.

Daley was unable to turn her constrained head to see what was happening. The
first thing she felt was the rubbery feel of Miss Charlottes left hand reaching
underneath her breasts to gently brush each nipple with the palm of her hand.
When the nipples were involuntarily erect the young girl leant her right hand
over her back; her left under her chest and simultaneously gripped both nipples
between her finger and thumbs then shaking them firmly causing the hanging
udders to ripple in response.

Daley gritted her teeth and tried to absorb the pain as the nipples were shaken
and her breasts shook. Charlotte had always hated her fellow schoolgirls who
were as well endowed as this prisoner, always hated the way that they flaunted
their naked breasts in front of her and their dismissive remarks about her own
"gnat bites". Now was the time to get even. She shook and shook with Daley now
gasping with the pain until her wrists became tired and she finally released her
with a savage extra squeeze.

Both girls were left panting, Daley with pain and Miss Charlotte with exertion
and not a little sexual excitement. Her gloved finger was then placed at Daley's
neck and slowly dragged down the length of her spine. As it reached the buttock
crease she hesitated and then slowly brought it down between the tight cheeks to
a point just above the prisoner's anus.

Miss Kenton recognised Charlotte's technique. Firstly give the victim orders so
that she begins to realise that she is under someone's control, then slowly run
the hands and fingers over each and every secret and sensitive part of the body
to establish the total right to do whatever you wish to her.

Charlotte's finger continued its travel downwards. She ordered the prisoner to
spread her legs and at the same time firmly pressed the fingertip into the
puckered anus. She pressed just firmly enough to cause Dally to grunt softly
then moved down to cup, firmly but gently, the prisoner's pubic mound. In truth
Charlotte felt nervous herself but also realised that she would have the
opportunity to continue the exploration later.With a quick furtive stroke of her
second finger to the gap in the vulval lips, she withdrew her hand and stepped
back.

Miss Kenton walked over to the bench and unstrapped the confused female,
ordering her to her feet. The time had come, in her view, for Daley to receive
her punishment.

She led Charlotte over to the racks of equipment. The canes, straps, crops and
clamps.

"Let's see Charlotte, so far your only experience in laying on a punishment has
been with a riding crop on one of your horses?"

Charlotte confirmed the fact adding that she had been known around the stables
for being prepared to lay the crop on hard. She excitedly unhooked one of the
slimmer, longer crops with a short knotted tassel at the tip.

"I always preferred one like this as it could be made to whistle beautifully,"
she said,  " and of course, the thinner the shaft the more it must sting. I also
found that the tassel could be useful to give the dangler a sharp flick or two
if it started to erect!"

Miss Kenton smiled and said that she would have to meet the male prisoner they
had in the centre as he could certainly do with her attention in that area. In
the meantime she agreed with Charlottes choice of equipment as being suitable to
inflict sufficient pain on the offender but also an item in which she was well
experienced.

" I hope that you are feeling energetic Charlotte, because it is now time for
you to work out your annoyance on the hide of this prisoner. Now, where shall we
start?"

To be continued.




Chapter 32.

"It's always difficult getting the feel of a new implement, so before you use it
properly on the girl, try a few practice flicks," advised Miss Kenton.

Charlotte placed the crop on a side table whilst she removed her expensively
tailored jacket, she then gripped the horsewhip by the leather bound grip in her
right hand and examined it carefully. It was black in colour about three feet
long and very thin. It seemed to consist of tightly woven cotton around a
springy rod of some sort. The end terminated in a six inch knotted tassel of
waxed cord. She raised it high in the air and brought it down with a high
pitched whistling sound. It was designed to make a large horse aware of its
rider's displeasure, so it should be extremely effective on the softer hide of
the prisoner. If only she could use it on some of those stable girls that she
employed...

" It is almost unheard of a visitor, particularly one your age, to be permitted
to thrash a prisoner, but since the Governess has personally authorised the
punishment make the most of it. Just remember that the purpose of punishment
here is to inflict pain but under no circumstances can the skin be broken or
cut.  We can start by having a few practice flicks with that tassel thing. Stand
behind her and try a few flicks on her outside thighs as you would one of your
horses."

Daley was manhandled by Miss Kenton into a position facing away from the
eighteen-year old. She was at the present and braced herself ready for the pain.
Charlotte stood directly behind her and gently ran the knotted tip of the crop
up her right side starting from the outside of her knee to the soft armpit. She
then stroked the tassel up her left side in the same way and finally, starting
on the inside of her left knee, stoked the tip up her inner thigh, across her
crotch and down to her other knee. Suddenly she transferred to corded knots to
the outside of the right leg and with a practised flick, hit the side of the
knee joint.

The sharp pain made Daley jump slightly realising that the stroking was over and
that the pain had begun.

Miss Charlotte again traced Daley's outline, but this time with bitingly sharp
flicks of the tassel. It struck up her right side, thighs, waist, ribs and outer
side of her breast until the last stroke whipped into her soft and sensitive
armpit. The left side was dealt with and then attention was given to the inner
triangle formed by her spread knees. This time the tassel was brought stingingly
into contact with the soft skin of the inner thighs. First the left leg then the
right. Finally four flicks were brought up to the spread crotch, each hurting
like hell. As the crop was snatched away it caught on the long pubic hairs and
snatched a few out at their roots. Despite her self-control the latter strokes
had Daley squirming with pain and shock as each flick was laid on.

"Turn sideways to me girl" ordered Miss Charlotte, warming to the task.

Daley did so. She was certainly a little chubby but her breasts stood firmly
away from her chest without the usual sag of the heavier female. Casually Miss
Charlotte pressed the end of the crop under the nearest one, lifted it and
allowed it to drop. Slowly she then touched the nipple with the tassel and
raised the crop for a flick. Daley tried but couldn't stop herself: she
instinctively drew back.

"KEEP STILL DALEY!" shouted Miss Kenton. "Any more movement and I will have to
reconsider allowing you to take an unofficial breast punishment.

Daley froze, and immediately the tip of the crop was flicked whistling down
across her soft pink nipple. Her even white teeth were still bared with the lips
pulled back in a grimace when the other nipple received a similar flick. Both
aerolea were now engorged and the stubby nipples protruded as if in excitement.
Miss Charlotte then spent several minutes toying with them, first dragging the
stem of the crop backwards and forwards under the teats then over the upper
surface forcing them to point towards the floor. To an observer nothing had been
done to Daley's breasts that would cause real pain, but to Daley her breast tips
were becoming increasingly sore and tender. Add to that the sheer humiliation of
having to stand rigidly at the present whilst this much younger girl amused
herself by causing her pain and discomfort.

Miss Kenton walked over to one of the equipment racks. She returned carrying a
leather belt device that Daley recognised only too well, although from the
puzzled look on Charlotte's face, she did not.

"In view of you horse experience perhaps you would like to put the prisoner
through a little dressage training," she said with a broad smile across her
face." This is called an understrap and is used as a punishment device for the
female crotch. I'm told that it is a bitch to wear and can really hurt,
particularly when the wearer is made to exercise."

Miss Charlotte carefully examined the waist belt and then the thin knotted
crotch strap that dangled from it. The damp and stained leather thong certainly
looked as if it had been well used and she could well imagine how such a device
could chafe delicate female skin if fitted tight into the cleft. She carefully
fitted the waistband around Daley. Miss Kenton then ordered Daley to squat on
the stainless steel table, explaining that it was essential to have the buttocks
and legs spread to achieve a good fit. Charlotte reached between the prisoner's
spread thighs to retrieve the dangling thong and brought it up tightly between
the opened buttocks and pouting vulval lips to clip it to the front clasp on the
waist band. She made very sure that the compressive force of the elastic section
pulled the thong tightly into the sensitive furroughs of the girl's crotch.

Miss Kenton then ordered Daley to lie on her back, spread her knees and lift
them up to her chest. The prisoner lay back blushing furiously, knowing only too
well how her entire crotch was now blatantly displayed to the young girl and how
the bruises from previous thrashings must be visible. The Wardress pointed out
the placing of the knots in the thong. Two, about two centimetres apart pressed
against the outer circumference of the brown puckered anus. Other knots snuggled
into the yawning vagina where they would soon be chaffing the soft inner labia.
She mentioned how the strap could be worn under the panties, so that anyone
watching the girl would have no idea about what was causing the comfort she was
certain to display. She also discussed the advantage of placing the under-strap
over the regulation white panties and how that might reduce the effect slightly,
but was almost bound to increase the chances of the panties becoming marked.
That dress offence most certainly requiring some formal punishment. However she
was not fully satisfied. Unfastening the thong she tied a further double knot so
that when it was refastened and tightened, the addition pressed hard against the
nubbin of the hapless girl's clitoris. Satisfied, she ordered her down from the
table.

"Right Charlotte, I suggest you start by giving her a few exercises that may
enable her to feel the effects of the under-strap. Do feel free to inspect her
as often as you wish to ensure that the knots are doing their job."

Charlotte thought for a moment and then ordered her to lie on her back on the
floor of the punishment room.

"Raise your backside in the air, support it with your hands with your elbows on
the floor and when I say commence, I want to see you cycle with your legs and
feet."

"Commence!"

For the next five minutes she watched as the girl exercised, sometimes ordering
her to move her feet slowly, other times fast and furiously. She stood over the
girl holding the crop high and ordering her to touch it with her toes on each
rotation of her feet. Then she squatted down so that she had an uninterrupted
view between the prisoner's legs. She extended the arm that held the crop and
placed it between the pumping thighs telling the girl that she was not to
contact the implement ensuring that Dally had to spread her legs as she cycled,
displaying her increasingly sore crotch to the young girls view.

Miss Kenton didn't need to see the way in which the anal area and soft inner
labia were showing the effects of the constant chaffing to know that Dally was
suffering. The gasps and the clenched teeth were enough evidence for her.
Charlotte was a little more thorough. She ordered the girl to stop and to
stretch out her legs either side of her keeping them at ninety degrees to the
horizontal. She then lent forward between the stressed and trembling limbs to
examine the splayed crotch. She noted the anus that was now a reddish brown and
the way that the thong had irritated to inner membranes of the vagina turning
them more red than pink. The clitoris had swollen under the stimulation and
looked as sore as she was sure it felt.

"On your feet!" she snapped, standing herself.

The next exercise was to be running on the spot, but even that had to be made as
difficult as possible. Miss Charlotte gripped the centre of the crop and held it
across the girl's front and parallel to the floor. When the running commenced
she then had to bring each knee up to touch the crop but without contacting
Charlottes clenched hand. To add to the difficulty of getting the pounding knees
up she also had to keep them splayed. It would have been easy for Miss Charlotte
to lower the crop but instead she kept it just below the prisoner's waist level
to cause her the maximum friction from the under-strap.

There was the added bonus in that the exercise caused Daley's breasts to bounce
uncontrollably as she struggled to get her knees up high enough. How long had
young Charlotte waited to get one of these large breasted bitches in this sort
of position she thought to herself. And this was just the start!

Five long minutes later Charlotte called a halt to the exercise. Daley stood,
trembling with fatigue and dripping in sweat as she gulped down lungfulls of
air. The salty perspiration ran down her body and was channelled between her
legs, stinging and burning where it touched the abraded areas where the thong
and knots had chafed.

The final exercise was jumping with feet together then astride, each with a
rebound. Arms were to be at the side with feet together and hands clapped over
head when the legs were astride. Again Miss Kenton gave her apprentice full
marks. Not only was the thong bound to flex and chafe but the large breasts were
once more in full bounce. The full five minutes were encouraged with the tip of
the crop cracking against the thighs, both the outside and, when spread, the
soft inner surfaces. Charlotte shouted words more of threat than encouragement:

"Harder girl!"

"Wider, Wider" with a sharp flick.

Daley was ordered to stop.

" Enough exercise for the moment, it's time to see how well you can lay that
crop on Charlotte." Said Miss Kenton with a broad smile, obviously pleased with
her pupil's progress.

Daley was led over towards a vaulting horse with one hangrip removed and told to
lay over the sloping end. Her feet were on the floor and her hands were extended
in front of her where, without being told, she grasped the remaining grip and
slumped down on the leather surface breathing heavily. Miss Kenton pointed out
the way her position spread her legs and buttocks wide, whilst keeping the
muscles relaxed.

"This position must certainly add to the girl's humiliation," commented the
young girl, tracing the anal and vaginal areas with the tip of the crop." I had
no idea how much a female displays...I wouldn't like my crotch to be on display
in such a blatant way."

"In view of your equestrian expertise I think it would be better if we started
by you mounting the prisoner. Stand at the end of the horse and vault up onto
her back." Ordered Miss Kenton.

Charlotte stood between the girl's splayed legs, placed the crop in her teeth
and pulled her tight skirt up to her waist revealing her designer panties and
suspenders gripping the tops of her stockings. She leant forward, placed her
palms flat on the small of the prisoner's back and jumped up and forwards
landing on her spread buttocks. Charlotte quickly scrambled forward until her
stockinged thighs were either side of the girl's back and her pantied crotch was
pressing uncomfortably down on the girl's moist and slippery back.  She then
transferred the crop to her right hand, grasped a generous handful of the
prisoner's hair in her left and gripped the sides of the horse with her lower
legs.

Charlotte sniffed the air with a look of distaste. " Miss Kenton, how often do
these females have to shower? This one smells worse than one of my horses after
a long run."

" You must remember Charlotte that this is a warm room and even though Daley is
naked, you have worked her fairly hard so she has certainly broken into a
sweat." Miss Kenton slowly explained."The main problem with nearly all the
females here is that they will break out into a sweat at the very sight of a
cane or strap once they have felt them a few times. It's a sort of fear
reaction. Some actually wet themselves in front of you as well as smell like
animals. It stops worrying you after a time and you just learn to accept it as
evidence that you are frightening her sufficiently."

Explanation over she suggested that Charlotte lay three strokes across Daley's
right flank as if she was a horse. With hardly any hesitation Charlotte renewed
her grip on the hair and brought the crop whistling down three times. Each
stroke lashed into Daley's soft right thigh diagonally just below the hip. The
reaction to the sudden sharp pain made her buck on the horse but Charlotte
simply rode the slippery bouncing back until the movement had ceased and her
pantied crotch was fully seated again. Without being told she transferred the
grip on the hair and crop to the opposite hands and gave a rapid three lashes
with the crop over the left thigh. Again it was only her long practice that
enabled her to remain "saddled" as the prisoner bucked and squirmed.

All three females now sensed that the serious punishment was about to take
place. Charlotte slid backwards over the prisoner's buttocks and down her thighs
lowering her skirt to more modest levels as her feet touched the floor. She
stood to the left of the girl's proffered body and looked towards Miss Kenton
for her cue.

"Daley, you will now receive twelve strokes with the crop across your buttocks.
I have decided that you will not be secured and will have to control yourself
during the thrashing. At no time will you attempt to climb off the horse or
protect yourself with your hands. My advice is to grip that hand hold and hang
on like hell."

She nodded to Charlotte and in acknowledgement; the young female swung round to
address the target, raised the crop and brought it down across the undefended
nates.

The crop came down with a whistling sound across the centre of the buttocks. It
struck with the tapered cotton-bound rod across the anal cleft leaving the
tassel to whip into the right flank. Daley gasped with the simple shock of the
pain that soon followed then bucked and squirmed as she absorbed that pain.
Charlotte stood back and drew the tassel tip down between her cheeks to stroke
the protected anus. She carefully pushed the crop tip under the understrap until
the tassel was free, then, centering the tip over the very anus, slowly dragged
the tassel knots under the strap so that each chafed against the sensitised
opening as it was dragged over it. Each knot caused Daley to flinch. The dense
anal hair caught and twisted by the knotted tassel was tugged and pulled with
several small bunches being pulled slowly out by the roots.

Charlotte carefully examined the tassel then brought it up under Daley's nose,
sawing it to and fro so that the hairs irritated her nasal openings and she
sneezed several times. She then slowly cleaned the tassel of the small dark
hairs, repositioned her feet and brought the crop down for the second stroke.
This time aiming the tip so that the knots lashed into the right buttock once
again Just as the crop sprang free, Charlotte raised it high and brought it down
for the third stroke, across the join of the thighs to the seat.

Daley yelped as the shock of the pain from this sensitive area hit her. It was
true to say that Charlotte was neither flogging severely or indiscriminately,
rather to Miss Kenton's approval, she was simply ensuring that her victim was
kept in a constant state of anticipation as to where and how the next stroke
would fall. All that Daley could do was to accept without question, hang on to
the handgrip and try not to lose control.

The next three strokes were simple and straightforward. They were laid across
the lower chubby part of the prisoner's seat, rapidly and evenly with the tassel
cutting into the right thigh as it whipped round.  Daley bucked and heaved on
the horse almost falling off at one point. Miss Charlotte moved round to the
head end and held the girl firmly by the back of the neck until the movement had
abated to a simple twitching of the lower half of her body.

"I doubt very much that she will be able to take much more without trying to get
off the horse", remarked Charlotte. "I think I had better help her to take the
last few strokes by holding her down."

With that she pulled up her tight skirt and mounted the prostrate girl sitting
across her shoulders facing her spread buttocks. The girl's back was slippery
with sweat and Charlotte knew that she would need all the strength of her
horserider thighs to hold her seat once the pain surged through the female. Her
next two strokes were laid quickly and vertically down the surface of Daley's
right thigh. The impact of the the thin crop was bad enough, especially where it
crossed the weals from the earlier strokes, but the whipping effect of the
tassel as it hit the sensitive thigh tops caused the victim to screech with
pain. She gulped in large lungfuls of air despite the weight of the
disciplinarian on her rib cage. Her feet were lifted from the floor as she tried
to twist and turn with only Charlotte's weight pinning her to the punishment
horse.

Two more similar strokes were inflicted on the right buttock. Charlotte could
not help but feel a surge of sexual excitement as the wet back muscles bucked
against her pantied crotch and she slid backwards and forwards in her human
saddle.

"Just two strokes left, Charlotte", Miss Kenton reminded her knowing that from
her behaviour so far, she would make them both unusual and painful. Charlotte
did not disappoint.

The next stroke was brought down into the sweaty gap between the buttocks, it
lashed into the inner cleft of the right cheek, the cleft that was only exposed
by the prisoners unladylike spread. The rod part of the crop dug deeply into the
soft white flesh and the tassel whipped down and round to impact a fraction of a
second later into the plump and hairy right side of her vulva.

Daley lost control as her legs flew up straight behind her in an attempt to
protect her crotch. Despite the weight of Miss Charlotte on her shoulders she
lifted the girl up as she brought her knees together and pulled them up the
horse. There was no sympathy from a furious Miss Kenton:
"DOWN GIRL and back into position!!!" Miss Kenton yelled. "Otherwise I will take
that crop and whip some obedience into you myself".

Daley did not doubt Miss Kenton's word in any way and she rapidly slumped back
into the splayed position on the horse. But even Miss Kenton's shouts could not
calm the frantic writhing of the girl's sturdy thighs. Even so, the target was
suddenly open to her view and Charlotte quickly, but accurately slashed at the
inner left cheek.

Once again the crop rod struck home and the tassel, continuing to travel,
impacted only partly the left outer lip and instead hit the softer, more
sensitive inner lip that had been forced into prominence by the understrap and
the girls writhings. Daley shrieked with shock and pain but the fight had gone
from her and after the initial flinch, she just lay against the horse, sobbing
with the pain and humiliation.

Charlotte released her grip with her thighs and slowly slid down the sweaty back
and over the wealed buttocks until her panties scraped on the leather of the
horse. She then threw her left leg over the punishment block and, feet together,
stood upright.

She joined Miss Kenton who was already sitting in one of two comfortable chairs
facing into the room. Daley was given several minutes to compose herself and
then the snivelling girl was ordered to the present in front of them. She looked
at Miss Kenton through her reddened eyes and suddenly became aware that she was
holding her soiled bra in her hands. Her suffering was by no means over. Miss
Charlotte's hands were empty but her eyes were examining every detail of Daley's
naked breasts and the quizzical expression on the young girl's face offered
little comfort.

"Tell me Charlotte, have you ever had your breasts punished in any way,"
enquired Miss Kenton.

Charlotte, a little embarrassed, explained that she had never been punished as
such but she had certainly had her nipples tweaked painfully of several
occasions at her old school. There was one Senior prefect who, endowed with
large breasts herself would make Charlotte stand to attention and then play with
her small immature breasts while she made various humiliating remarks about
their size and how she looked more like a boy. She would always finish the
bullying by gripping both of the nipples, which were reasonably well developed
and squeezing them painfully for several seconds until Charlotte's knees
buckled. She went on to say that she fully appreciated that in a penal
institution sensible punishments applied to breasts was only to be expected
especially when such punishments could be easily avoided by the prisoner. She
then gave a sly knowing smile to Miss Kenton.

"Indeed, indeed," Miss Kenton replied. "Well, today Daley has failed to avoid
such punishment and although it will be an "unofficial" I intend that it will
certainly make her eyes water. She is well developed in that area and they seem
both large and firm so they can absorb a fair amount of pain. True, her nipples
are a little tender and swollen from the effects of that crop tassel but that
can't be helped."

"Will we be removing the understrap first?" enquired Charlotte. It must be
chaffing her quite severely after all that exercise.

"I hope so," snapped Miss Kenton, "that is certainly the purpose of it. I always
feel that the last hour of being understrapped is the most effective time so it
would be foolish of us to lose that benefit. Still, you had better check the
tightness just in case it has worked loose."

Charlotte stood up and walked over to the prisoner, sniffing the perspiring
girl's scent with disapproval. Moving to her rear she placed her forefinger
under the strap at the top of her buttock crease and suddenly jerked it upwards.

It was impossible for Daley to accurately define where the sore points were in
the bisected crotch, as each knot had chafed it's own impression on the
sensitive flesh. Where the skin and hair had been relatively gently rubbed by
just the cruel thin thong it was extremely tender, but in the area of the knots
it was raw and stinging. The sudden vicious snatch had felt like hot cigarettes
suddenly being stubbed out and she reacted instantaneously. She stood on her
left leg with her right knee bent and then her thighs slammed together.

Realising her error, she struggled back into the "present" albeit with her teeth
bared and mouth open. She did not need to look in Miss Kenton's direction to
know that she would be furious. The rules were clear and had been explained over
and over again:

"Prisoners placed in the "Present" position will remain in that position
whatever discomfort or embarrassment may be caused by an inspection. A limited
amount of flinching is accepted but any gross movement of position will result
in further training until the prisoner demonstrates her ability to remain with
legs well apart, hands on head and shoulders well back."

Daley knew that she had only herself to blame. She should have braced herself
but the sudden onset of pain caused by the understrap tightening had caught her
by surprise. She had always managed to hold her position in the past despite the
probing fingers of the wardresses not to mention the use of their sharp
fingernails. It was a favourite technique of many of the staff as once a
prisoner was in the designated position they would have to accept any degree of
intimate fondling of breasts or orifices that the wardress wanted. If a female
tried to protect herself by moving, twisting or using her hands she would be
made to suffer...and then the procedure would be repeated as an assessment of
her obedience.

But how would she be made to suffer? The answer was soon given by a red-faced
Junior wardess:

" It seems clear to me that Daley seems to think that she has the right to
decided when and if she has to hold a position. Charlotte, perhaps you would be
kind enough to exercise this prisoner for three two minute periods after which
you will allow her to demonstrate how she can remain still when being
inspected."

Charlotte thought for a few moments as to how she could cause Daley the maximum
pain and embarrassment. Daley stood rigidly in front of her, sweating profusely.

"On the command "Begin", you will commence running on the spot with knees high
until you hear the second command "Stop". Is that understood girl? Enquired
Charlotte?

"Yes Miss." Came the nervous reply.

"Begin!"

Daley immediately started pumping her thighs and legs as high as she could. She
knew that she could afford no more mistakes and whatever the soreness and pain
she felt between her legs she knew that she had to keep moving. It didn't help
that she was not the most athletic of females and the extra weight she carried
only added to the burden. Her large breasts were bouncing and swaying with
droplets of perspiration being thrown from them. This uncontrolled movement of
the large globes would normally be a punishment in itself but concentrated as
she was on overcoming the pain from her crotch, their discomfort was hardly
noticed. Eventually the order to stop came leaving the prisoner gulping in huge
breaths as she resumed the present position awaiting her next order.

The next exercise was astride jumping with a rebound bounce. Arms at the side
and feet together for one little jump, and then arms wide and feet wide for
another bounce and so on.  The timing was called by Charlotte who insisted on a
brisk pace, despite the obvious anguish on Daley's face.

For the final exercise Charlotte ordered her to lay on her back on the floor,
lift her legs vertically, lift her backside from the floor and support it with
her hands and elbows and then commence a cycling movement. Daley didn't even
consider the humiliating position this placed her in with her entire crotch
exposed to the two females. All she could think about was the incessant chafing
as the understrap pulled on the sensitive flesh as the legs gyrated. It was
almost a relief when Charlotte ordered the knees to be splayed for the final
minute of the exercise as that relieved some of the tautness of the strap,
unfortunately at the expense of displaying her intimate areas even more. The
watching females peered down at the sweating pumping prisoner and controlled
their instinctive shudders when they saw the tender reddened areas where the
strap rubbed against the clitoris and other feminine flesh.

Following the order to "Stop", the final test was repeated. With Daley at the
present, Charlotte moved behind her, gripped the slippery understrap where it
disappeared between the clammy buttocks and gave it a sharp jerk upwards. Daley
yelped through clenched teeth, her whole body flinched, but she held her
position.

"Well done, Charlotte. You have just seen a perfect example of what we set out
to achieve in this centre- total obedience whatever the natural instincts of the
prisoner may be", said a beaming Miss Kenton. "As a reward for Daley's success I
think that we could remove the strap before we move on to the next procedure".

Even the removal of the strap was painful. Charlotte unclipped the elasticised
fastening, then undid the waist strap. She then pulled it slowly through the
deep groove that it had formed in the splayed crotch. She held it dangling in
front of Daley's with a look of distaste and disgust then threw it across the
room on to a table.

" Just the little problem of dealing with your breasts Daley, and then we can
all go our separate ways", smiled Miss Kenton casually looking at the prisoner's
chest. I think we will start with a little hand slapping. Get your shoulders
back and stick them out as much as possible girl...good...I will start with your
left one first".

With that Miss Kenton drew her hand back and gave the exposed breast a sharp
slap followed by one with the back of her fingers on the inside surface. The
breast swayed and rippled as each slap contacted the wobbly surface. She then
commenced slapping the breast with a regular cadence covering the entire surface
with forehand and backhand slaps, the final ones of which caught the upper then
the under surfaces.

By the standards at the Centre the punishment was almost lenient, but it soon
had Daley's face screwed up and her teeth bared as she forced herself to remain
submissive to the Junior Wardresses cruelty. When the wardress's attention was
transferred to the right breast the sequence was repeated until both breasts
were covered in red marks and felt sore.

Next Charlotte was invited to apply her hands. She seemed to be able to put more
of a flick into her hand movements, or perhaps she had slightly smaller hands
than her mentor. Either way the prisoner's breasts were soon swinging and
flopping about as the breast spanking was inflicted. When she finished Daley was
left, still in the braced position but shaking slightly from the rising level of
discomfort. She wondered if her ordeal was over yet, but as Miss Kenton went
over to the sink to fill a bowl with water, she realised that it was not.

Miss Kenton found Daley's discarded brassiere and submerged it in the bowl of
water.

"It would seem to be appropriate that as we are punishing the prisoner for
having a soiled bra, the actual item could be used to hit her breasts.
Unfortunately the regulation prisoner brassiere is rather lightweight, even when
it supports breasts of this size, but a good soaking first will enable us to put
a little more zip into the strokes. I think that a dozen slaps across each
breast with the cups, followed by a dozen with the strap part should suffice.
Perhaps you would like to go first Charlotte?"

Charlotte looked around the room, located a small table and having placed the
bowl of water on it next to the prisoner, and carefully removed the dripping
bra. She then held it by the straps and brought it slapping down on the top of
Daley's right breast. The water certainly added to the sound and presumably the
impact as Daley's face indicated. Next the sodden cups were brought up underhand
to lift the underside as they slapped home. Ten more times the wet underwear was
used to hit the ever more sensitive right breast before it was placed back in
the water. Both the prisoner and Charlotte were now spattered by the drips from
the cloth. With Daley the water added to the general sweat that ran down her
podgy body and with Charlotte the tailored blouse was now almost transparent.

A dozen slaps were then administered to the left breast leaving both large
appendages red and throbbing. Having dipped the bra straps in the water,
Charlotte then grasped it firmly by the cups, raised it high above her right
shoulder and brought it whistling down. At first Miss Kenton thought that the
straps had missed their target, but then heard the prisoner's sharp intake of
breath. The metal hooks and eyes that secured the item of underwear had lashed
down on the very tip of the right nipple, not moving the breast at all but
causing the already puffy and elongated nub considerable pain. The next eleven
strokes were brought down, up or across the puffy swollen and throbbing aureola.
Some, that Daley would later describe as the worst, just caught the tip of the
protruding nipple. Others caught the entire aureola and then dragged the clasps
across the nipple, flattening it for a brief milli-second.  Charlotte remained
detached from her victim's suffering as she wielded the strange instrument of
flagellation, thinking how amazing it was that the more the strawberry-like
breast tips were hit, the more they seemed to swell and present themselves for
further pain.

Having re-soaked the bra straps, Charlotte addressed the left breast and
commenced to stimulate the tip to further swelling. By now her judgement was
near perfect and nearly every stroke, from whatever angle, caught just the
nipple or at the very worst, the tips of the aureola.

Miss Kenton was more than impressed with the harmless use of the straps to give
the girl excruciating pain and later soreness. When she took her turn she simply
soaked the bra, and laid the strap end over both breasts in a flurry of strokes.
She hit the breasts from left to right, right to left, upwards, downwards and
then across until Daley's knees were starting to buckle, even though she managed
to maintain the braced position.

Suddenly the onslaught stopped. A breathless junior wardress ordered Daley to
dress herself and then watched as she struggled to force her swollen tender
breasts into the wet, screwed up brassiere. The fit had been overtight before
the material was soaked and the breasts, now tenderised and enlarged took the
prisoner several minutes to fit into the cups. She was only able to put the bra
on by leaning forward from the waist and forcing the cups over her breasts. Soon
however, she was still dishevelled, sweating and wet, but dressed well enough to
be dismissed.

The two young females left the room deep in conversation, as if leaving the
court following a hard game of tennis. The punishment room was now silent
awaiting it's next victim. Only the smell of Daley's sweat and other odours were
left hanging in the air.

To be continued.




Chapter 33.

It was approaching time for lights out at the Correctional Centre when the
message for Stewart came over the address system in the barrack room. In one of
the rare moments that the prisoners had for personal time, they had been
gathered around Daley's bed listening to her account of her afternoon with Miss
Kenton and the young girl. The females were about to change for the night into
the regulation short white smock that barely covered their small regulation
panties.  Panties, which the rules declared, would be worn throughout the sleep
period. Next morning they would be able to change into the next days clean pair
after their toilet visit and a shower. Despite Daley's ordeal she had not been
allowed to bathe herself and part of the reason for her graphic account to the
others was to excuse herself for the smell of stale sweat that permeated her
clothing.

The message was short and simply stated that the prisoner Stewart was to report
immediately to the Guardroom. There was no time for any speculation as to the
reason. "Immediately" meant just that and Stewart was not of a mind to incur
further punishment on top of what might be already heading his way.

As he marched along the pathway that would take him from the accommodation block
to the police centre he searched his mind for any error or slip that might give
him a clue and might even help construct some reason or some excuse that might
mitigate any punishment. He was still desperately trying to think of a possible
error on his part when he snapped to attention n front of the reception desk.

"Prisoner Stewart reporting as ordered Miss!"

The young, fair-haired policewoman looked up at him with the usual look of
disinterested contempt.

" You certainly took your time getting here Stewart, get yourself into the cell
area at the double, Miss Waterson is waiting for you".

As rapidly as he could, Stewart went down the steps into the lower cell area and
found himself in a dank but well lit basement. The iron barred cells were set
around an open area that contained a toilet against the wall, a shower area over
a drain in the floor and a table with a plastic covering. On the table perched a
policewoman dressed in her full uniform casually displaying her stocking clad
legs from beneath a short skirt. Stewart stood at attention in front of her.

She was in her mid-thirties, short with mousy hair in a bun behind her head that
formed a resting-place for the uniform hat. Her face was plain and
expressionless as she stared at the male in front of her. Ominously, she picked
up one of the guardroom canes from the table and flexed it between her hands.

"Wondering why you are here Stewart? Trying to remember where you have slipped
up? Hoping that I will go easy on you with this cane when I have you stripped
and across this table? Will it be a nominal thrashing of say, eight strokes or
will I be a real bitch and lay on... say, sixteen hard ones? Believe me Stewart,
we haven't met before but you can rely on my ability to lay strokes on hard,
unlike some of the ladies at this centre".

Stewart found himself starting to tremble. There was no doubt in his mind that
this woman could, and would thrash him. There could be no objection on his part;
she wasn't even required to give him a reason. She could simply order him to
strip in front of her then assume any position. She will then lash him with that
cane until she considered she had hurt him enough, and then lash him some more.
What had happened earlier to Daley was simply a game. He was apparently in for a
full judicial flogging without even knowing the reason.

Suddenly the policewoman's attitude changed. She grinned at her victim.

"Relax Stewart, you are not here for a thrashing, at least, not yet. I have been
given the job of cleaning up two new intakes, Carter and Whitmore, and I heard
about you and thought that you might appreciate the chore. They are both joining
a squad where the wardress in charge insists on total removal of body hair so it
will be your job to carry that out. I have told them that you are totally in
charge and they are to follow your every instruction. Just for this evening I
have also told them to address you as "Sir".  There is no limit to the amount of
shaving and scraping you do, but if you try to drop me in it by leaving any
stray hairs behind I will be taking it out of your hide with this cane. One
stroke for each hair will be fair I think. Any questions?

Totally amazed, Stewart could only shake his head.

Miss Waterson strode over to one of the cells behind Stewart. He became aware
that there were around six occupants, four in uniform and two in civilian
clothes that he guessed were the new intake. The cell door for one was opened
and with a nod in the direction of Stewart, Miss Waterson ordered the frightened
looking girl to leave her cell and stand in front of the male prisoner.

She was a tall girl, in her mid twenties with long fair hair hanging down her
back. She was dressed in a tight white sweater with short arms and an equally
short dark skirt. She was of average build and looked just like one of the
dozens of females that Stewart had employed in his past life. Even though she
had been brought straight from the court hearing and was spending her first
night in the prison, she stood rigidly to attention indicating that someone had
been briefing her on how to behave.

"All the shaving gear is on the shelf Stewart and any time you think she needs a
washdown the shower is by the wall. I will take a seat over by the door so from
now on it is all down to you. Handle them as much as you like, you are entitled
to some benefits for your work. Now...get shaving!"

With that Miss Waterson settled herself in the one comfortable chair in the
room.

"When did you last shave?" asked Stewart.

The girl replied that she had done her underarms and legs three days ago. When
he asked about shaving her crotch the girl blushed deeply and said that she had
never shaved in that area. He went on to ask when was the last time she had had
sex, when she last masturbated and when her last period finished The replies
were honest but each question seemed to cause her more embarrassment and
stuttering. She blushed even deeper when Stewart curtly told her to remove her
sweater and take up the present position

Stewart could hardly believe his luck. Now he had the power and could try to
regain some of his self-pride that the bitches in the prison had all but knocked
out of him. He couldn't afford to feel any empathy for these two female
prisoners, either he shaved them thoroughly or he would be thrashed. As to
handling them...why not?

The girl stood shaking with fear, but properly braced with her shoulders well
back. She had the palest skin that Stewart had seen for a long time. Her
apparently perky breasts were encased in a blue, feminine, designer bra as she
had yet to be issued with the plain prison underwear. This left the upper
surfaces of her breasts deliciously exposed and upthrust with the nubs of her
nipples visible through the silken material.  Her underarms were exposed and a
small area of stubble was evident. Stewart ran his fingertips over it to assess
its length. The girl instinctively flinched at his touch and this time it was
his turn to snap a curt "Keep still!"

"Right, Carter, I will shave your armpits first. Take off your bra and place it
on the table."

With a look of despair in the direction of the wardress, Carter slipped off the
bra and went back to the present. Stewart casually dragged the back of his
fingers across first one aerola and them the other, watching the stubby pink
nipples engorge in involuntary reaction. Then he turned his back on her as he
located the shaving cream on the shelf. Next he found a large mug and filled it
with piping hot water from the tap. Finally he selected an ordinary man's
disposable razor from a packet and, depositing it in the mug, he was ready to
start.

On his orders Carter raised her right arm above her head leaving the armpit
totally exposed. Squirting some shaving foam on to the fingers of his right hand
Stewart massaged it in to the stubble, wiping the surplus casually off his
fingers on to the upper surface of the bare breast. He then took the razor and
dragged it down three times over the stubble.

A fingertip check of the armpit revealed a slight roughness so he then pulled
the razor upwards three times, ignoring the female's wince as the blade scraped
across her sensitive skin. The process was repeated on the other armpit and he
then stood back admiring the view of the girl, still with shaving cream on her
breasts but back at the present. He then carried out a thorough check of her
back for any stray hairs and then checked the front. Placing the razor handle
between his teeth, he grasped a breast in each hand and pulled them all ways on
the pretext of an examination of the skin. The cream made them slippery to the
touch so it was necessary to grasp each nipple firmly to move the breast in the
required direction. A glance in the direction of the wardress was rewarded with
a conspiratorial smile of encouragement.

Finding no stay hairs he stood back from the flustered prisoner.

"This procedure will now get rather embarrassing I'm afraid," Stewart said in a
sympathetic manner. " Remove your shoes, then your tights or stockings".

The girl kicked off her shoes then bent down and blushing furiously, slipped
down her dark tights and stepped out of them. He then ordered her to place her
left leg, fully extended, on the table for his inspection. This left her
unbalanced on her right leg with the tight skirt forced up exposing a pair of
skimpy black panties. He stood facing her and very close.  Carefully avoiding
looking at the stretched gusset of the panties knowing that there would be ample
time for that area to be checked in a moment, he ran his hands all over the
calf, knee and finally the thigh. The girl had good legs with a little more
plumpness around the thigh than ideal. The soft skin was smooth and hairless, so
if he did decide to shave the area it would only be for his own satisfaction.

Her left leg was checked and then with the leg still on the table he moved back
and looked at the crotch area. He then moved to the rear and casually pulled the
small panties up into the anal cleft to expose both cheeks. He was almost
disappointed that there was no pubic hair protruding around the edge of her
underwear. He knew however that she would have some still hidden away.

He almost whispered the next instruction:

"Remove your skirt and then your panties and hand them to me."

The girl blushed if possible, an even deeper shade of red. Hesitantly she
removed her leg from the table, unzipped and dropped the skirt to the ground
carefully picking it up. She then slipped the black panties down to her ankles,
delicately stepped out of them keeping her legs tight together. She then sank to
her haunches rather that bend over and picked them up. She half turned towards
the male prisoner handing him the clothing.

Stewart took the proffered panties and held them with both hands turning them
inside out and back again as he examined them. They were the usual small bikini
type and far from being the thong style. The material appeared to be lace over a
cotton material with a white pad forming the gusset. Having turned them inside
out again to expose the crotch he moved to a position in front of the female. He
wondered whether to comment on the slight staining that indicated the stress
that she ad been under that day but instead, decided to concentrate on the
matter in hand. He stared at her crotch where now, a small bush of light
coloured hair was in view.

"Up on to the table and lay on your back, with your lower legs hanging down", he
commanded. He couldn't help but smile at the modest way in which the female
turned to sit on the table then pulled herself across the top keeping her legs
firmly closed. When she was settled he gave the order that, in her heart, she
knew was inevitable:

"Pull your knees up to your chest and open your legs so that I can inspect you".

He moved to a position between her now spread limbs and looked over the area
that needed his attention. The pubic hair was sparse with a small bush around
the partly opened tight vaginal lips and hardly any in the anal cleft. He was
aware that Miss Waterson had stood up and was looking over his shoulder as he
bent to examine the crotch properly. Using his thumbs he gently opened the outer
sides revealing the delicate pink and of the inner lips. He pressed harder and
heard the girl gasp in discomfort as the secret opening of her vagina opened to
his and the wardress's gaze. A slightly acrid scent of femininity reached his
nostrils and the flesh was surprisingly dry to his touch as his finger tip
slowly traced it's way to the clitoral nub now shamelessly exposed by the parted
vulva. He firmly made a circling motion around the clitoris with the tip of his
right finger and watched as the whole area started to involuntarily lubricate in
response. The girl's eyes were screwed tightly shut in embarrassment as her
inner thighs began to twitch in response to the finger-play.The small pink
wrinkles of her anus were fully visible.

"Steady girl," Stewart murmered as her thighs started to sway and heave.

"STOP!" exclaimed the wardress. "What a slut to get so easily excited. Just
remember girl that any unauthorised masturbation will get you a thrashing no
matter who helps you".

 He told her to stay in position as he prepared his equipment.

He laid a small white towel on the table almost under her buttocks. On this he
placed the ordinary men's razor, then a larger one that clearly was the type
used by medical staff for removing body hair, the aerosol tin of shaving foam
and a large pair of tweezers that he had also found on the shelf. He then slowly
squirted a generous portion of cream onto the fingers of his right hand, lent
towards the splayed thighs and started to massage the cream into the exposed
crotch hair.

Instinctively the girl slammed her legs together and curled into a defensive
ball. The wardress was immediately by the side of the table carrying her cane.

"What have I told you about obeying orders girl?  are you deaf or something? You
are on report for disobedience and will be dealt with as soon as your medical
examinations are over. I will then personally ensure that you feel this cane
across that rump of yours...now...spread them... and remain spread, otherwise I
will have you up before the Governor."

The legs lifted... and parted.  Stewart resumed his none too gentle creaming but
encouraged by the wardress's attitude, spent as much time rubbing the centre of
the vulva as the sides. He deliberately stopped just below the split lips as he
had other plans for the anal area. Despite the female prisoners reluctance, the
more he rubbed the cream into the hair the more he became aware that the upper
part of the vulva was parting slightly and a swelling was taking place. Here, he
thought is a female with every pretext of modesty and yet the lightest touch
turns her into a bitch on heat.

He stopped.

Grasping the larger safety razor he slowly dragged it down over the pubic mound
several times, washed it in the mug of hot water and then scraped it over the
mound again. He then transferred his attention to the soft outer lips of the
vulva and brought the razor upwards pulling the inner thigh clear to make as
flat as possible area for the blade. He was well aware how much rougher running
the razor against the lay of the hairs would be, but the girls comfort was of no
importance if it meant putting himself in line for a caning. Soon, both sides of
the crotch were scraped clean of soap and hopefully, hair. He then told the
prisoner to turn over and kneel on her knees with her head well down. Now her
buttocks were thrust high in the air and when she had followed the next order
and moved her knees and legs wide apart, then even further apart. the anal cleft
was indecently displayed for his attention.

The cream was rubbed well into the almost bald skin of the crotch and the cleft.
He took great care to ensure that his fingertip, suitably greased with soap,
found and slightly penetrated the small anus. The girl gasped then wriggled
forward but was soon stopped by a snarled order to keep still. Keeping his left
forefinger in the tight bud he reached for the standard men's razor and brought
it upwards along the inside of the cleft against the growth of the light hair.
He found the finger just inside the girl's anus to be an ideal way of
controlling her position as the slightest movement of the digit soon had her
moving to relieve the sensation.

Numerous long hard scrapes with the razor and the job seemed to be done.
Removing his finger, which had by now found it's way into the tight opening up
to the second knuckle, he ordered the girl off the table and to a position under
the shower. But before he could order her to wash herself down, Miss Waterson
intervened:

"You can hardly supervise the girl's shower with your clothes still on. Strip
naked Stewart and then you can wash her off yourself".

It took but seconds for Stewart to remove his clothes and stand naked before the
two women. As the wardress had suspected, his penis was in full erection, a
sight that the female prisoner saw with a gasp of surprise.

Stewart turned on the shower, adjusted the temperature and then half pushed the
prisoner under the fierce spray. He located a bar of the coarse prison soap,
lathered his hands and proceeded to soap the female from her neck down to her
feet. He lingered when he reached her breasts taking care that the rubbery firm
swellings were thoroughly cleaned all over. Even more care was taken between her
legs. He knelt down oblivious to the water spray, soaped his hands and then
forced them between the slightly parted legs to lather the slippery crotch.
Naturally, extreme care was taken as his fingers brushed against the girl's anus
and then vulva to ensure that the well-soaped fingers penetrated and soaped the
soft inner tissues.

Eventually, the girl was left by herself under the shower to wash off the soap
before the water was turned off and she was handed a towel to dry herself. She
was then told to stand with her back to the wall whilst Stewart dried himself.

The wardress walked over to the cell and called the second female out.  She
hesitatingly shuffled over to stand in front of Stewart, staring at the floor.

This one, thought Stewart, looks even more interesting. Whitmore was in her late
thirties, average height with long dark hair and a somewhat olive complexion.
She had the extra weight that many women acquire at that age and her breasts
were noticeably large and heavy with her backside prominent under her summer
dress. She looked like a typical middle-class housewife who probably hadn't had
to strip, even in front of her husband, for years. Her face was acceptably
handsome with large brown eyes and an impression of pride rather than the
humility that most prisoners displayed in her position. And pride, as Stewart
well knew, always came before a fall in the Correctional Centre.

He questioned her about her shaving habits and was surprised when she said that
her partner preferred her to be natural and not to shave even her legs. The
wardress intervened at this point to tell Stewart that he would be allowed to
use a depilatory cream to remove the leg hair. Stewart acknowledged this
information and then turned towards the prisoner.

"Remove your dress and take up the present position for my inspection". Stewart
instructed.

Slowly the woman undid the front buttons on the simple dress, pulled it back
over her shoulders and let it slip to the floor from where she picked it up and
placed it on top of the neat pile of clothes left by the previous prisoner. She
took up the position.

Here was a female who had not expected to be spending the night in a prison
mused Stewart. She wore a large heavy but feminine support brassiere and a
matching dark blue basque type support garment. From this dangled suspender
straps that supported her black stockings. On his orders she unclasped the tops
of the stockings and slipped them off and then, with some struggling, unfastened
the rear fasteners of her corset and removed this stiff and hard body support.
She now stood, almost naked, with just her heavy bra and a pair of matching
thong panties.

Casually, Stewart ran his eyes over her. She had certainly been telling the
truth about not shaving; her underarms were thick with long dark hair that
extended down her underarm to the bra. Further down he could see thick hair
extending from her navel down her swelling waist to disappear into the top of
her panties. For a female of her size, shape and age, the small panty thong
seemed almost absurd. From both sides of the vertical thong thick dark pubic
hair protruded and met the very noticeable hair covering the tops of her legs,
particularly the pale inner thighs.

As she obeyed his order to turn around the plump, convex stomach was displayed
still marked from the supports of the corset. At the rear her back was
relatively hairless but the thong between her large buttocks was not even
visible such was the denseness of the anal hair growth.

"It looks rather absurd for a woman of your age and size to be wearing a thong,"
commented Stewart. " Why did you choose to wear a corset and yet such a small
pair of panties?"

"Ppplease Sir," the female stuttered, " I just like to wear feminine underwear
and I need the support form my brassiere and body corset. I had no idea that I
would be stripping in public, especially in a prison otherwise I would have worn
something less embarrassing."

Stewart assured her that in this prison stripping was one of the least
embarrassing events that she would be required to perform. He then moved close
so that her support bra was almost touching his chest and reached up with both
hands to grasp a handful of underarm hair in each set of fingers. He jerked the
hair savagely causing Whitmore to fall towards him until her bra-encased breasts
were pushed into his chest and her lower stomach was pressed against his erect
penis. Stepping back her sniffed his fingers with distaste and commented on her
lack of personal hygiene.

"Take that bra off Whitmore, and hand it to me." He snapped.

"Nnno..." came the whispered reply.

Whispered or not the wardress was on her feet and standing in front of the
wretched woman in seconds.

"This is your final warning Whitmore. What do you think this is?" she said,
brandishing the cane." I can't flog you yet as you haven't passed your medical
but, believe me girl, when you have I will lay this across that fat arse of
yours until I break you of this attitude. A dozen or so real stingers will work
wonders. Now, for the last time...TAKE THAT BRA OFF!!!"

Shaking, the woman reached behind her back and tugged at the clasps until the
harness sprang apart. Leaning forward she pulled the large cups free of the
hanging breasts and handed it to Stewart. She resumed the present. Despite the
hard rearwards pull on her elbows the large maternal breasts hung down to her
navel. The nipples were brown and disproportionately small for the size of the
main gland. The large masses quivered even to the slight shaking of their
frightened owner.

"What size bra do you take?" enquired Stewart as he carefully examined the wired
material between his hands.

"44 double D cup" replied the downcast female.

"Hardly large enough to justify all this wiring and support I would have
thought," Stewart sneered, "You can forget wearing a support bra here, you will
get a lightweight one at best and often you will be exercised without any
support. I will give you a tip by the way, never, never commit an offence
concerning your breasts as you will be liable to get a cane across them for your
troubles and I understand that can be rather painful. Now lets have those
panties off!"

Without any hesitation Whitmore pulled down the scanty thong, stepped out of
them and handed them to Stewart. He turned them inside out and examined them
carefully. The inside of the narrow crotch was wet to the touch and there was a
yellowish stain on the white lining The back section was wet with what he hoped
was sweat.

They smelt.

"How long have you had these on?" he enquired.

She tried to explain that it had been a long day. First the travelling to the
court, the long wait and the stress of the hearing followed by the shock and
surprise of the sentence. Add to that the long escorted drive to the centre with
only a brief and hurried break at a service station.

Stewart remembered his own first day but felt there was no point in
demonstrating any sympathy. He told her about the strict rules on bodily
hygiene, the frequent panty inspections and the need to watch her step in the
future as he threw the thong onto the pile of her other clothing. Now was the
time to concentrate on the shaving.

Having made sure that she was fully braced at the present, he rummaged in a draw
and found a pair of scissors. He roughly snipped away at her underarm hair until
only a damp stubble remained. Copious foam was then rubbed into both armpits, a
fresh mug of piping hot water obtained and, dipping the body hair razor in the
hot water, commenced to scrape the hair away. As he moved down the armpit he
shaved with his right hand whilst pushing the hanging, heavy breast clear of the
stubble with the back of his left.

It took several minutes to scrape each area clean and the soft skin was left
with red sore patches where the hair growth had been particularly stubborn.
Having put the razor down he lifted each breast in turn so that it was clear of
the ribcage and he could check for stray hairs. As he did this he glanced down
at the woman's crotch. This would be a challenge.

He asked the wardress for a fresh, sharp razor but was told that the one he had
would suffice. He knew that its already blunted blade would not be gentle with
her soft private skin but that was hardly his problem. As it was he considered
himself lucky that she agreed to his using a cream on her legs and thighs that
would remove the hair in that area leaving him to concentrate on her crotch.

Stewart ordered the woman to mount the table, which she inelegantly did. Lying
down the breasts flopped down either side of her chest partially covering the
newly shaved area. When ordered to spread her legs the full extent of the
hirsuitness was revealed. The entire crotch was covered in thick dark coarse
hair. It extended up each inner thigh at the sides, up to the navel on the front
and completely obscured the anal cleft to the rear. It was damp to the touch and
a faint aroma of womanly smells already reached his nostrils.

Taking the scissors, he worked methodically over the area snipping away the long
hairs down to within a quarter inch of the roots. Having trimmed to the area
above the pubic bone he ordered her to raise both legs, spread them wide and to
rest the knees on her breasts. The thick thighs were parted and despite the
copious hair, the parted labial lips were now exposed to him. The female
prisoner had little left to hide as her inner labial lips now protruded pinkly
into the bright light. Between the top of the lips a remarkably large pointed
clitoris poked its way between the folds of skin.

Holding the scissors in his right hand Stewart slowly inserted two fingers of
his left hand into the gaping vulva, grasped the edge of the woman's left labia
by trapping the soft flesh between the fingers and his thumb nail and pulled it
tight. Ignoring the winces and other exclamations of pain, he carefully snipped
the hair short and then transferred activities to the hair on the inside of her
thigh. Working up the soft plump inner thigh he soon had the long hair reduced
to a stubble.

Next, he transferred the scissors to his left hand and gripped the labia with
his right. Ignoring the smell of a mature nervous female, he snipped away in a
similar fashion. A brief glance at Whitmore's face showed the effects of both
the humiliating procedure and the actual discomfort.  Stewart was surprised at
his lack of sympathy for another prisoner. He was under orders to do a job and
that was it.

Despite the woman's indecently displayed crotch, the plump buttocks were still
partially obscuring the anal cleft so to reach the copious hair of that area he
ordered her to turn over and kneel on all fours with her legs wide and buttocks
thrust to the sky. When she had positioned herself her cleft was now fully
exposed and Stewart was able to part the long damp hairs with his fingers to
expose the mature womanly anus. It was of a much larger diameter than the
previous prisoner and coloured a dark brown. He pressed firmly against it and
the prisoner flinched away before remembering that the wardress was watching.
With a sob she then leant back towards the violating finger so that it pressed
firmly against the centre of the opening. It was certainly an area where this
particular female sweated profusely and Stewart had to steel himself against the
smell of the unwashed crotch. With a stabbing motion he inserted his left
forefinger up to the second joint. A gasp of shock came from the other end but
she held the position. He then commenced to snip away adding to the pile of hair
lying on the table.

Removing his finger with an audible plopping sound he squirted a copious amount
of shaving foam on his left hand, scooped up a pile with his right fingers and
started to rub it fiercely into the anal stubble. The hair spread right across
the cleft and well into the area that would not be exposed if the female was not
spread so indecently wide. Lower down the plump vulva was yawning open.
Naturally Stewart ensured that even the hairless opening was well soaped before
he stopped and picked up the small razor. Dipping it into the hot water he
immediately commenced scraping away at the left inner buttock. Unfortunately the
razor soon became clogged with the hair and required frequent cleaning.

Eventually the anal area was smooth to his touch, albeit somewhat red and sore
from the effects of the blunted blade. He ordered her on to her back and,
soaping the area, scraped the stubble away to the same standard.

The wardress handed him a pair of latex gloves and plastic bottle containing a
thick cream. This was obviously the hair remover for the legs. Having thought
the matter over, he ordered the woman to stand on the table at the present. She
towered above him and yet appeared totally submissive and vulnerable to his
attentions with her most private areas fully displayed.

Taking no chances he donned the gloves, squeezed a liberal amount of the liquid
into the palm of his right hand and, reaching upwards, smeared the cream over
her legs to overlap the shaved areas, and rubbed it well into the dark leg
hairs.

As she stood waiting for the next order Stewart read the instructions on the
bottle. He skipped over the warnings about not using the cream on sensitive
skins with a smile and simply noted that ten minutes should be allowed for the
cream to do its job. No point in taking risks, he thought to himself, and
allowed a full fifteen minutes to elapse on the cell clock before ordering her
down and into the running shower.

The hot water came almost as a relief to the female whose legs and crotch were
now stinging with the caustic effect of the depilatory. Having thoroughly washed
the cream off whilst still wearing his gloves Stewart threw them to one side and
joined the woman in the shower. He glanced nervously at the wardress, received
an encouraging grin and then went to work with a will to lather her thoroughly.
Naturally the large swinging breasts received their fair share of attention and
to the prisoner's embarrassment, the stubby nipples soon enlarged to their full
size. He then started soaping between her legs paying special attention to her
soft and opened vulva. He was just starting to feel the clitoral area starting
to involuntarily swell to his touch when Miss Waterson ordered them both to
rinse off and turn the shower off. A brief rub down with towels and then Stewart
was handed a glass bottle containing some pinkish fluid.

"Prison regulations require any area to be disinfected following shaving" she
announced to no one in particular. "This might be a little sharp on your skin
but I don't want either of you to make a lot of fuss. Just remember, however
much it stings it will still be much more pleasant than a dose of the cane". She
said turning towards the two female prisoners.

Stewart ordered to two to stand side by side and at the present. He took the
bottle from the wardress, poured a little fluid into the palm of his right hand
and then rubbed it into the left armpit area of the younger female. Her eyes
shot open and she struggled to keep in position. Stewart's surprise at her
reaction was soon modified when the liquid entered a small scratch on one of his
fingers: It stung like hell.

The strong smell of the disinfectant permeated the room as the older woman's
shaved armpits were treated. It was all she cold do to keep herself reasonably
still.

The female prisoners were ordered to kneel on the table, still side by side with
their buttocks high and spread. Both knew that this would test them to their
limits and neither took any consolation in the way the wardress stood in front
of them flexing the cane menacingly before them.

Stewart chose the younger female first. He poured a generous helping over the
top of the anal cleft and then, before it could run down and drip onto the
table, thrust his right hand between her legs to cup the liquid and rub it well
into the entire crotch. Fortunately this girl had been shaved with fresh blades,
even so she bucked alarmingly as the fluid touched the multitude of nicks and
scrapes.

The tension in the room was almost visible as Stewart stood between Whitmore's
splayed legs. Her breasts were flattened on the tabletop and her plump thighs
and buttocks were as high as she could force them awaiting the inevitable
scourge of the liquid. It was not in Stewart's nature to make the next few
minutes easy in any way. First he dipped his forefinger in the solution then
transferred the liquid to the centre of the woman's anus. Instinctively she
flinched as the cold disinfectant stung the puckered skin. Then, with a swift
stab the wet finger was in up to the second knuckle causing the woman to lurch
forward until her nose pressed against the cane held by the wardress.
Controlling herself she resumed her position.

The finger was wetted again and this time, Stewart reached underneath, located
the parted lips with his other fingers and then slowly rubbed her most sensitive
nub with the moistened digit. The female stiffened but managed to hold her
position. Next he poured some fluid between her cheeks and then rubbed it into
the already reddened crotch and thighs.

She screamed in shock. Both her feet shot back so that she finished up lying
over the table with her feet on the ground. The naked male prisoner was trapped
between the thighs with his hard penis forced between her buttocks as she bucked
and struggled. Miss Waterson quickly dropped her cane, grasped the woman by the
head and putting her face in front of hers shouted at her to regain the
position.

Somehow the shaking female struggled back on to the table and resumed the
splayed position that Stewart had originally ordered. Somehow she held that
position despite Stewart rubbing even more solution around the scraped and
tender inner thighs.

Eventually the trembling woman stood at attention next to her fellow prisoner.
The cane was firmly back in Miss Waterson's hand.

"Consider yourself on report Whitmore," she snapped. " I promised you a
thrashing if you caused any more disruption and believe me you are going to get
one as soon as you are medically cleared. As for you Stewart: well done. I'm
sure that you have done a thorough job and no further inspection by me will be
necessary. It only remains for me to punish  you for the unauthorised contact
with Whitmore here and then we can call it a night."

Stewart looked mystified.

"For heavens sake boy, you should realise that when I gave you the orders to
handle these bitches they didn't include permission to rub your dirty little
penis against one of them!"

There was no point in arguing in any way; perhaps the object of the entire
evening had been to find an excuse to punish him. From a position of power he
was immediately knocked down to his normal servile position in front of this
lady of authority.

"I'm a firm believer in making any punishment fit the crime," said the
wardress," so let's see, would a thrashing with this cane fit the bill.... or
can I think of something more suitable? I take it that you would prefer to take
an unofficial punishment rather than be put on report for a sexual offence?"

Stewart assured her that he would accept any punishment she considered suitable.

" I have a mind to give you a punishment where it will do the most good, I have
a friend who works in a Male Correctional Centre and she tells me that this is a
very effective method of punishment. Come over here and take up the
present...with legs as wide as you can."

Stewart did as she ordered. He was still fully erect and suddenly realised that
she was looking at his testicles hanging vulnerably between his spread legs. She
crossed over to the side of the room and returned with a leather paddle around
four inches wide and a foot long. She tested it for size and fit by drawing it
up between his now shaking legs.

" This is the deal then Stewart, you agree to accept this unofficial and
unrecorded punishment without any argument. I give you just two hard taps across
your balls and then we forget it even happened. Do you agree?"

What choice did he have other than to stand there and let her hit him he
thought?

"Yes Mmiss." he stuttered.

She stood close to him. He could see the outline of her bra-covered breasts
through her uniform shirt and feel her breath on his face as he looked down at
the just visible leather covered bat.

"Brace yourself Boy! And maintain eye contact with me" she whispered.

She slowly raised the paddle until it lifted and supported his scrotal sac,
jiggled them a little whilst she watched his face and then suddenly lowered the
paddle only to bring it sharply upwards hitting the waiting bulbs with a dull
slap.

The gut wrenching pain hit him almost immediately. His knees buckled slightly
but he managed to keep braced and managed to continue staring into the amused
eyes of this cruel female. She allowed him a couple of minutes to gather his
thoughts and for the worst of the pain to subside. Casually she grasped his
penis, which had rapidly deflated, with her free hand and gently stroked it.

"There we are Stewart, the punishment is having an effect already I see. The
next slap is the one that really has an effect. It will test your obedience as
well as hurting like hell".

She lowered her hand to gently cup his testicles, continuing to smile at his
anguished face and holding his gaze with her pale blue eyes. Slowly his penis
rose and filled in spite of the dull ache from his scrotum. When it was firm to
her touch she released his balls and leant forward to kiss him full on the
mouth.

"Just one more slap to go, I can't pretend it won't hurt but you must hold your
position otherwise I shall simply have to repeat it. Are you ready..?"

Stewart nodded in agreement, fixed his eyes on hers and braced himself for the
inevitable. Without any warning she flipped the paddle upwards and it slapped
into the underside of his testicles. Again the dull pain followed by the
agonising cramps that took him all his will power to accept. She stared fixedly
at his face with a questioning look waiting, perhaps hoping that he would
disobey her by moving or offering any other sign of dissent. Somehow he managed
to hold his braced position with only a limited flinching. With a final but
lingering kiss on the mouth the wardress stepped back.

She left him in position for a full ten minutes before ordering him to tidy the
room. Both female prisoners were confined, still naked, to the cell and she was
about to escort Stewart back upstairs when the door opened.

In came three staff, the policewoman and a wardress and a nurse that Stewart had
not seen before. They were grinning to each other as the policewoman explained
to Miss Waterson what they wanted: It seems that they were about to depart on a
surprise inspection of one of the dormitories and thought that Stewart could be
of assistance to them.

The young nurse was carrying what appeared to be a dog collar and lead.

To be continued.




Chapter 34

Stewart glanced apprehensively at the two new arrivals. The wardress was in her
early twenties with her short plump body amply filling her uniform. Her dark
hair was short in the extreme with the lower half almost shaved to the scalp.
The Nurse was another of the trainees with a well-scrubbed face and hair in a
bun behind her head. She could scarcely be twenty years of age but she had the
superior stance and expression of a much older woman. In her hand was a long
shiny chain connected to a thick leather collar that clinked every time her hand
moved. He looked behind the group for an accompanying dog but saw nothing. The
wardress gave an icy smile of welcome to Miss Waterson.

" I do hope that you have finished with this male for the time being. Nurse
Penrite and I have been told to carry out a surprise check of one of the
dormitories and we have an idea that he could be useful. You know how we usually
detect the ones that have been masturbating by their odour? Well, we thought
that we could train this male in the same way as they train sniffer dogs. That
way we don't have to do the revolting job ourselves and, as a bonus, the
prisoners will feel really mortified at being assessed by a male. I took the
precaution of borrowing this alsatian's dog lead so that we can keep Stewart
under control. Looking at his erection, the sooner we have him collared the
better!"

Miss Waterson joined in the girlish giggles as the nurse carefully fastened the
thick leather collar around Stewart's neck, giving it a sharp tug that pulled
him sideways. She mentioned that she was free for the rest of the night so was
invited to join the inspection team. Between them they decided that Stewart
should remain naked and collect his clothes later. Donning their heavy uniform
topcoats, hats and gloves they left the guardroom and marched briskly along the
pathways towards the accommodation blocks.

None of them gave a thought for Stewart. It was a bitterly cold night with a
steady drizzle and a chilling wind. The dog lead ensured that he kept position
on Miss Waterson who gave frequent tugs so that he followed closely. The smooth
pathway was soon replaced by a gravel track with the a noisy crunch from the
uniformed boots of the staff . Any of Stewart's attempts to slow down to ease
the pain of the sharp gravel on his naked feet was rewarded with more impatient
tugs to his neck collar.

The brisk pace continued with the staff chatting idly amongst themselves as they
marched across a large grass area. Miss Waterson commented that she felt it was
almost unfair to punish females for doing what came naturally. She volunteered
the fact that she couldn't manage without some sexual relief and she was only
too pleased that the rule about self-abuse didn't include the staff. The
wardress replied that she felt the same way but, as far as the prisoners were
concerned, they were there to learn obedience and the more difficult it was to
follow orders, the better it was for their training. She went on to confide that
the reason she had selected this particular dormitory was to "sort out" one of
the females. It seemed that she had given the wardress a look of contempt
earlier in the day when an order was given to another prisoner. Rather than
simply lay on three strokes of the strap she had decided to set up the "stuck up
bitch" so that she could really punish her.

 The Nurse joked that with Stewart on the lead and not a real dog, at least they
didn't have to stop at every tree. Miss Waterson said that she would see about
that and led him over to an isolated lamp post, ordering him to get down on all
fours.

" This could be your last opportunity to relieve yourself for a while boy so
lets see you cock your leg and do the business." She ordered.

Stewart slowly and obediently raised his right knee until it nearly touched the
post. He wanted to get inside as soon as possible so concentrated hard on
overcoming his embarrassment and starting the flow. Fortunately his bladder was
reasonably full and within seconds a trickle became a steady stream which,
because of his partially deflated member, mainly ran down the inside of his left
thigh.

A sudden force seemed to grip the very end of his penis and throw his body to
the wet grass. He was aware of the loud female laughter and realised that while
he was concentrating, the wardress had quietly unclipped her electric prodder
and placed the tip in his stream of urine where it contacted his thigh. She had
then pressed the discharge button.

"There you are Stewart," Miss Waterson said between outbreaks of uncontrolled
laughter, "Now you know how dogs feel when they pee against lamposts!"

The staff waited whilst Stewart resumed his flow and until he had finished,
leaving a steaming puddle on the grass. He was ordered shivering to his feet and
the march continued. They soon reached one of the long accommodation blocks and,
urging each other to silence, went inside. They tip-toed along the almost
blackened corridors and found themselves outside the dormitory. Softly and
quietly they moved inside with the Nurse finding the main light switch where she
stood awaiting her orders.

Simultaneously the bright overhead lights crashed on and the wardress's loud
voice shouted them all awake and at attention by the foot of their beds, six
either side of the room. Twelve confused and sleepy females sprang to their
positions and stood with tousled hair blinking in the light. They all wore the
regulation short thin smock with thin shoulder straps, the length scarcely
covering the regulation white panties. Other than that they were bare and the
lack of breast support was noticeable as the larger females jumped out of their
beds.  They stood rigidly at attention, heels together, toes apart, hands at
sides, shoulders well back and eyes straight ahead. A familiar scent of sleeping
femininity reached Stewart's nostrils as he waited behind the uniformed staff.
He noticed  Miss Waterson slipping out of the room and wondered what she was up
to.

The young plump wardess stood in front of them slipping off her coat:

"My name is Miss Seaton and tonight I am in your dormitory to carry out a
surprise inspection. I will be particularly concerned with ensuring that none of
you have offended against rule 59(a). Just to remind you, Nurse Penrite will now
read that out.

The young nurse stood in front of the females and opening the Correction Centre
Rules at the appropriate page, commenced to read in a girlish voice:

"Rule 59(a). It is expressly forbidden to carry out any form of sexual activity
without a direct order from a member of the staff. This includes the prisoner
touching or stimulating either herself or another prisoner in any way that could
be considered sexual in nature. Care must be taken when carrying out personal
hygiene tasks to ensure that no sexual or pleasurable element is present.

Should any member of staff consider that this rule has been infringed in the
slightest the offence is to be reported for the Squad Wardress to investigate
and punish. In the event the staff member is of the opinion that masturbation
has occurred or is about to occur a summary punishment of six to nine strokes of
the cane may be immediately awarded across the naked buttocks without any
reference to the normal judicial procedures. The normal punishment limitations
to junior ranks do not apply.

Prisoners are warned that on the spot inspections may be carried out at any time
to check for infractions and that there is no appeal against a guilty decision
or punishment."

"Any questions?" demanded Miss Seaton. "If you have been obeying the Centre
rules, you have nothing to fear, if on the other hand, you have been touching
yourselves you will be in for a very unpleasant experience."

At this point Miss Waterson returned having collected three of the canes from
the punishment room, she handed them to Miss Seaton who, walking slowly between
the two ranks, flexed each in turn and then carried out a few practice swishes
through the air. A visible shudder went through the frames of several of the
prisoners. She stopped in front of a tall well-built woman of about 35 years and
casually lifted her chin up with the tip of one of the canes.

"Well, well, little Miss Rogers, fancy meeting you here tonight," she said in a
soft sarcastic tone. "I do so hope that you have been a good girl, otherwise..."
and she smiled broadly at the now terrified woman. She then addressed the whole
group:

"In case you are wondering what this male prisoner is doing here take note of
his dog collar. We will be using Stewart to sniff out those who have been
exciting themselves and those who we think may have been exciting themselves.
You will be told to take up a position and our tame hound here will stick his
muzzle around your rears. But first he will check your fingers. You will stand
with your arms out front, parallel to the floor hands one foot apart and fingers
spread. MOVE!!!"

The by now wide-awake prisoners leapt to the position. The Nurse seized the dog
chain and pulled Stewart after her until he was standing in front of the first
female.

He avoided looking into her face, thankful that this was a group he had only
seen at a distance before. He carefully sniffed each of the extended fingers but
detected no scents. The same applied to the next girl but as he approached
Rogers Miss Seaton whispered in his ear.

"It's your decision Stewart, but unless you want this cane across your balls,
you will find this one guilty".

What choice did he have, he thought to himself. This one was in for a thrashing
whatever he thought and there would be no point in having his testicles hit
again that evening in a futile gesture of defiance. He looked at her face. She
was attractive and stared back hoping for mercy from him and yet with the look
of resignation that so many prisoners displayed when the inevitable could not be
avoided. He carefully smelt round her finger-tips, detected no scents at all but
turned to Miss Seaton and muttered that he thought this one might have been "at
it".

The woman was ordered to stand on the far side of the room and the inspection
continued. With the next girl there was no doubt. Stewart could smell the
tell-tail scents of aroused femininity when his nose was still inches from the
shaking fingers. This time he only had to glance at Miss Seaton for the girl to
be sent to the door area. Stewart, only too aware of the chain connecting him to
the nurse was determined to make this event a low risk occasion for himself and
was in no hurry to finish the job. No one gave an order to lower the hands after
each inspection and so when Stewart was ten minutes into the inspection, all the
female prisoners were suffering from arm cramps with their outstretched arms
trembling in protest.  The only ones who were not sent to join the offenders'
group were those who had no possible scent to their fingers. One had probably
only collected the slightest trace of urine during a toilet visit, another, had
possibly scratched an itch in some personal area. Both were sent to join the
group which, at the end of the search when the order to lower the arms had been
given, had grown to five in number.

Stewart was just congratulating himself on, if not a job well done, then at
least one that would not be causing himself any pain or embarrassment when Miss
Seaton made a further announcement:

"I now intend to use Stewart's powers of detection to the full to check on the
area most likely to reveal who the offenders are. You will now form two ranks in
front of the table, those who have not been accused on the left and those who
are under suspicion on the right. The left-hand line will be examined first".

The nurse led Stewart over to the table and called the first prisoner forward.
She was made to climb on top and take up a position with her hands grasping the
far edge, her forehead touching the surface, her knees and ankles well parted
and parallel to each other and her buttocks thrust up with the back hollowed.
This resulted in the skimpy nightdress sliding down the back uncovering the
breasts and the female's panty covered crotch being blatantly spread and
exposed. The girl had small buttocks and the panties were mainly bunched up in
the cleft. Stewart was aware that the young nurse had shortened his chain by
wrapping it round her hand then she grasped the collar itself.

"Get your snout in there Boy" she commanded and, as he leant his head towards
the pantied crotch, found himself being forced down until his nose buried itself
between the buttocks and into the rucked up material. It felt damp to the touch
and the smell of female sweat mixed with musty anal scents permeated the
underwear. Gingerly he moved his face downwards to where an abundance of light
pubic hair either side of the cloth indicated her most private area was. The
smell changed to the slightly acrid scent of stale, dried urine. Again the
insistent push on the collar caused his nose to be pushed into the cotton
forcing it into the vaginal cleft until his nose was gripped tightly, despite
the spread stance of the female. He moved his head back shaking it to indicate a
negative result.



The next prisoner on the table was extremely slim and boyish looking with a
figure to match. Her inelegant pose revealed an even slimmer pair of nates that
were well bruised from a previous discipline, probably the strap Stewart
conjectured. This time the girl seemed to have taken a greater interest in her
own hygiene and Stewart was soon able to dismiss her from suspicion with a shake
of his head.

A large, heavily built female of around 30 years was next ordered on to the
table. Her heavy thighs were well spread and her regulation white panties
stretched taught across the anal divide obliging Stewart to press the material
into the cleft with his nose so that he could get his nostrils close to the
woman's crotch. The familiar scent of musky arousal hit him instantly and only
increased as his nose moved down between the thighs to a point over her vulva.
He hurriedly removed himself and with a nod condemned her to the punishment
line.

Miss Seaton wandered over, patted him patronisingly on his heard with the words
"Good Boy!" Of the next four, two were clear of incriminating smells, one simply
reeked of self-stimulation and the last was included in the line of the guilty
simply because Stewart thought it appropriate to have her beaten as a lesson on
better personal cleanliness.

The check of the females who had already been found to have the wrong scent on
their fingers was rapid and the result never in doubt. With each splayed female,
Stewarts face was roughly pushed hard into her crotch by the nurse and before he
could express an opinion, the victim was ordered down and another candidate
ordered into her place.

Afterwards, he was made to stand in front of the squad, naked and with a truly
rigid erection whilst their fate was decided. He was only too grateful that the
group were not the ones he had to share a room with as he would probably have
condemned them all out of hand from the noises he heard every night in the
dormitory. He then had to concede to himself that being allowed to sniff around
certain of the prisoners might make up for any passing regret that he might feel
for them. From the downcast look on the prisoners' faces, the use of a male
prisoner had been effective so, with luck...

His silent contemplation was broken by the nurse, who ordered him to fetch the
metal bucket from the punishment room. When he returned with the object he found
all the "innocents" along the fare wall with all the "guilties" back in a line.
He was told to place the bucket on the table and lean on his elbows at the far
end holding it in place. His humiliating lead dangled down scraping the bucket
and table. Miss Seaton stepped forward, still flexing and swishing a cane
lovingly in front of her.

"So, it would seem that eight of you have seen fit to flagrantly break the rules
of the centre. I now intend that you will be severely punished for this
self-abuse. You will each receive the full nine strokes of the cane across your
buttocks which, I trust, will dissuade you from any further sexual stimulation
tonight. As there will be some 72 strokes to lay on we will be rotating the
caner to ensure that you all receive the fullest possible benefit. Before we
start to lay on the punishment, as we have no wish to embarrass any of you who
might have a rather full bladder, you will all climb on to the table and relieve
yourselves before punishment."

Yet again the Centre staff had shown how any punishment could be made a hundred
times worse with a little thought on their part. The first female in the queue
was Rogers, the target of Miss Seaton's malice. She climbed up on to the
opposite end of the table from the male prisoner, stood astride Stewart's arms
and with a pitiful glance down at Stewart, pushed her panties down to the knees
and squatted with her orifices over the metal pail. There was a brief pause and
then the humiliating rattle of urine hitting the bottom of the bucket. The
second the flow had stopped the order "Next!" came from the wardress and,
quickly pulling up her panties, Rogers climbed down shaking with humiliation.

Each of the females under sentence squatted over the bucket and each managed to
add to the frothy liquid sloshing around inside as they stared at Stewart. All
nine had to expose themselves and try to ignore the macabre fascination that
showed on his face as they spread their thighs and emptied their bladders with
their parted vulvas scarcely two feet from his face. Each was summarily ordered
to climb down almost before they had finished so that as they quickly pulled
their panties up the final drops were caught by the material in the crotch
leaving a rather obvious wet patch. By the time all nine had finished the pail
was close to overflowing and Stewart had to exercise great care to avoid
spilling any liquid as he placed the bucket against the wall.

Miss Seaton paraded herself in front of the intended victims and once again
flexed and swished the cane menacingly.

"This lot look as if they will be rather vocal when we lay the cane across their
backsides", she casually remarked to her colleagues," Do we have a gag of some
sort with us?"

The other staff shook their heads.

"Then we will have to improvise," she continued. "Rogers, take off your panties
and hand them to me."

Rogers stepped out of the underwear and handed it to the wardress who stared
aghast at the wet crotch.

"For heavens sake girl, you are about to be thrashed for sexual misbehaviour and
you have the temerity to soil your knickers!"

A quick check of the other females in the queue with their panties spread across
their opened legs revealed a similar state of affairs, as Miss Seaton knew that
it would. They were ordered to place them in a pile on the table. All three
staff pretended shock and amazement.

"No matter how fairly we try to deal with you sluts you continue to carry on in
your own disgusting way. Unfortunately Nurse does not have a crotch martinet
with her this evening so all nine of you can consider yourself on a report and
you will be dealt with tomorrow sometime. A gasp of horror went round the line
of females. Stewart had no idea what was meant by a "crotch martinet" but he
felt that he would find out soon enough.

Miss Seaton ordered that all the prisoners under punishment were to collect a
pair of the panties from the table, fold them into a wedge and place them fully
in their mouths. There was no chance to try to select their own pair and nearly
every female grimaced as they followed the order.

After a brief discussion, the staff decided that they would follow formal
procedures to ensure the essential femininity of the punishment. All three
removed their shirts then bras so that their breasts would be free when they
caned. Miss Seaton, though plump, had relatively small breasts that scarcely
protruded further than a roll of fat that hung over her tight waistband. The
nurse had the sort of breasts that Stewart had described as "fried eggs" during
his previous life. They were underdeveloped with large pink aerolea and
certainly needed no support. Miss Waterson however was much better endowed with
larger, if rather drooping breasts that swung gently with any movement by their
owner.

The hapless victims were lined up so that the back of one pressed against the
front of the next. Canes were given a final whistling flex by the staff and the
first female was ordered forward.

Rogers stepped smartly up to the table and removed her night smock revealing a
superb firm body with firm breasts. She was quickly ordered to lie along the
table so that Stewart could grasp the woman's outstretched wrists.

The three half-naked staff assembled at the business end of the prisoner with
Miss Seaton electing to go first. She raised her cane and, with the all too
familiar whistle, it lashed into Roger's naked nates three times in rapid
succession striking across the centre of the punishment area. Immediately Miss
Waterson stepped into position and with breasts bouncing, rapidly laid on three
strokes a fraction lower. The second she stood aside, the nurse brought her cane
zipping in, almost parallel to the floor for her rapid fire infliction to the
lower part of the buttocks.

It was over in a few brief seconds and it was only as the woman was ordered to
her feet that the pain started to really surge to a peak. Miss Seaton ordered
her to stand at the foot of her bed, facing the mattress and bend over grasping
the iron bed rail.

"Any prisoner who lets go of the bed will be punished and if any of you dare to
rub your backsides...the caning will be repeated, Next!" Miss Seaton snapped.

Immediately the next victim came forward, removed her shift and leant over the
table. The second he grasped the female's wrists, the rapid sequence commenced.
The younger female gasped through her gag as the three sets of strokes lashed
across her and her eyes went wide with the shock of the assault.

None of the prisoners had ever experienced such a rapid and brutal infliction of
punishment before. Each female was stripped, across the table, caned and back at
her bed in around twenty seconds. Stewart required little effort to hold them in
position and every one of them displayed the same shock on their face as the
strokes fell. Looking at the bent over forms clinging desperately to their bed
frame with their wealed buttocks high and tight, the real suffering lasted
somewhat longer as the pain soared, peaked and subsided to a throbbing agony.
The ones that had escaped punishment looked on almost as shocked as the victims.

As the staff collected their equipment and replaced their underwear, shirts and
top coats, Stewart was told to collect the scattered night dresses and place
them on the table.

Miss Seaton paced between the bent over prisoners.

"Your punishment for the offence of touching yourselves indecently is now over.
You will remain in your present positions gripping your bed frames for a further
twenty minutes on that wall clock so that you may fully absorb the full value of
all the effort that my colleagues and I have put into your beating. Should we
return and find that you have not followed this order to the second I will have
no hesitation in disciplining you again. I will leave the canes here on the desk
as a reminder. After that time you may remove your gags and take to your beds."

Stewart's lead was snatched up by Miss Waterson and he followed the other
wardress and nurse back to the guardroom. If anything the night was even colder
and wetter than before and he appreciated the brisk marching pace that was set.
Once at the guardroom he was allowed to dress and dismissed. He entered his own
dormitory as quietly as possible so that he didn't disturb the sleeping females
who were unaware of their narrow escape.

He fell asleep musing on the possible uses of a crotch martinet.

To be continued.




Chapter 35

It was several days later that Stewart happened to meet one of the female
prisoners that he had been obliged to examine. He was relieved that she bore him
no personal animosity, accepting as she did that any resistance to the orders of
the staff was simply futile. She was less than forgiving about the contrived
offence concerning the soiled panties and the punishment that was inflicted.

It seems that the offenders were kept in suspense all day, with none of the
staff making any reference to the problem. It was almost time to undress for
lights out when the squad wardress, two nurses and the young male warder
Billington, arrived in the accommodation and called the group into the
punishment room. Miss Beaton, their junior wardress, commenced by giving them
all a lecture on how embarrassed she had felt when told of the offence and how
she would be doing her best to ensure that they all took greater care with their
personal hygiene in the future.

It was pretty obvious that the account she had been given was totally unfair,
but given the mood she was in not one prisoner dared to protest the injustice in
any way. Whatever punishment the young wardress had decided to award, would just
have to be accepted.

The first order was to separate into two groups. The innocents were told to
stand with their backs to the side wall and observe the punishments. The guilty
nine were told to stand side by side with their feet well apart, bend over and
grasp their ankles. The two nurses then passed down the line raising the short
skirts and pulling the panties down to the knees. The wardress then moved down
the line examining the bruised buttocks and checking the stretched panty crotch
of each prisoner. She casually ran her nails over the broad band of bruises
receiving a sharp intake of breath from the prisoner in return. Fortunately all
the inspected panties were clean so she was able to find no obvious excuse to
increase any female's punishment. She then called them to replace their
underwear and stand to attention in front of her.

It seems that she then followed the usual routine of explaining how they were to
be punished. It was to be a "between the legs" application of a small martinet.
The prisoner would be naked and "well spread" with the male warder present to
witness the discipline. Nine stokes had been authorised and in view of the
punishment being applied to the pubic area, it would be laid on by one of the
nurses. As they were all guilty of soiling their uniform panties with urine, the
strokes would be concentrated on the forward area of their crotch to ensure the
appropriateness of the punishment.

The prisoners were all ordered to completely strip and were soon standing in a
waiting line with their backs hard against the soft fronts of the next female in
line. The senior nurse produced the implement from her bag. It had a short
leather handle fixed to a small fan like flange. To this were fixed a number of
thin cords that were knotted at one-inch intervals. The flange ensured that the
cords would remain separated and as the outer ones were shorter than the inners,
it would give an excellent spread of the cords and their knots on impact. The
longest cord was about eighteen inches in length indicating that the application
would need to be close and personal.

The first prisoner to be punished was called forward. She stood naked and
expectantly in front of the two nurses. She was ordered to mount a padded bench
and to lay on her back with her legs drawn up to her chest and her buttocks
hanging over the edge. The junior nurse stood to one side with Mr Billington the
other. They both grasped an ankle and knee spreading the female's thighs and
preventing movement. The effect of this was to splay her crotch so that the
entire vulva was exposed and even the small brown anus was exposed to everyone's
gaze. The senior nurse then explained to a blushing Mr Billington that this
punishment was normally inflicted following a close shaving of the area but as
no such order had been issued on this occasion, the pubic hair would afford some
protection. However, the knots in the cord would invariably trap some of the
hair and ensure it's rather abrupt removal, so all was not really in the
prisoner's favour. She went on to explain how some females remained "tight"
around their vulva in this position, others tight, but with their inner lips
protruding, whereas some females gaped wide exposing the softer and more
sensitive inner labia and flesh. Naturally the latter would feel the effects of
the martinet more acutely.

Miss Beaton had earlier poured some disinfectant into a jug and the nurse then
dipped the cords into the liquid, explaining to Billington that cleanliness was
essential and that the added weight of the liquid would make the whip that much
more effective. After a brief pause she removed the dripping implement from the
jug and walked over to take up a position between the prisoner's splayed thighs.
Without hesitation she raised the martinet over her shoulder and brought it
whistling down. The cords landed with an audible "thwick" sound and as they were
dragged clear the female reacted with a gasp and a futile attempt to protect
herself by closing her legs. Five more times the device was raised and brought
down across the soft and private female flesh. Each time the victim flinched and
gasped.

There was a pause while Miss Beaton slowly cleaned each thong with her finger
tips dislodging the pubic hairs that had become entangled

The girl told Stewart that Miss Beaton then slipped on a pair of surgical gloves
and produced what looked like two long thin bulldog clips from the nurse's
equipment bag. She casually stood between the female prisoner's thighs and
clipped each device to the outer lips. As she stepped back Billington and the
junior nurse grasped the attached leads and pulled them around her thighs. The
girls winced as the clips pulled her protective labia wide and left the soft
inner lips and flesh humiliatingly exposed.

The senior nurse changed places with Miss Beaton and remarked to Billington that
he was to hold the lead tight to keep her exposed. The knotted cords were raised
and brought down onto the splayed vulva. The victim raised her buttocks from the
bench but the grip of the restraining staff held her and quickly the last two
lashes were laid in.  The implement was replaced into the disinfectant and the
sobbing prisoner was helped down to the floor and told to stand at the present
with her back to the wall.

One by one the females were dealt with. The girl told Stewart that the worst
part of the punishment was that she could see the whip descending, but was held
in place too firmly to protect herself. The girls with longer denser pubic hair
had the pain of the hairs being pulled out to add to the impact of the knots.
She added, with a blush, that the three lashes with her labia held wide nearly
caused her to wet herself and that she had to walk bandy-legged all the next
day. She added that the females who were naturally gaping as they lay in that
position had it even worse and were sore for days.

Stewart had to admit to himself that he found the females account rather
stimulating and only wished that he had been there himself to witness the sight
and sounds. He was still thinking about the event during a lecture on Prison
Procedures as he sat at the back of the classroom with his squad.

The lecturer was one of the civilian teachers at the Correctional Centre. Her
name was Mrs Gray and she was a mid-forties slim lady with fair greying hair
pulled back in a bun and small pebble glasses that she perched precariously on
her nose. She was dressed in a formal tight dark skirt and dark red blouse that
made her look positively feminine in comparison with the uniformed staff. She
had just reached the part where she was explaining the Centre's policy
concerning prisoners released to work in the community. She explained that
ladies who lived in the area and held positions of authority in the community
could apply for prisoners to be released into their custody for work duties. The
ladies who qualified were usually magistrates, senior policewomen, local
politicians and so on. The work duties would range from hard manual labour to
acting as a ladies maid and were entirely at the discretion of the "lady
employer" as they were termed. Mrs Gray emphasised that prisoner safety was well
taken care of with a set of regulations that need not concern them but
naturally, total obedience and hard work were required of the prisoner.

" ..and heaven help any one of you who comes back with even a complaint let
alone an adverse report written by the lady employer," she whispered in a
menacing manner." The Governor is adamant that the good name of the Centre will
always be put ahead of a little discomfort for one of the prisoners and she has
ordered that any complaint whatsoever will earn the offender a minimum of eight
strokes of the cane on your return. It will be down to you to convince your lady
employer of your obedience and hard work and to accept any criticism or even any
correction that she may consider necessary as an alternative to a formal
complaint". " Obviously, a lot will depend on the nature of the lady employer. I
am sure that each and everyone of them is totally fair and will abide by the
rules".

Later that night Stewart had an opportunity of hearing how the work placement
scheme really worked. He was on fatigue duties in the wardresses recreation
centre and had been given the job of cleaning the toilet block with a thirty
year old female prisoner from another squad named Timmins. She had been sent out
on several placements and now absolutely dreaded being sent out again.

It seemed that the prisoners were delivered by the Centre policewomen and were
handcuffed in the back of the van dressed in their school wear. The lady
employers were hardly chosen at random and usually had been offered one or two
of the female prisoners in return for some favour. She had heard that they
sometimes spent hours going through the intimate files that were kept on each
inmate until they made their selection.

On arrival the prisoners were ordered to strip for inspection in front of their
new owner to ensure that all bruises from previous punishments could be
recorded. They could be made to wear whatever their owner decided and many
stories came back of the females being obliged to work in scanty underclothes
for the amusement of visitors. It seems that the ladies always had a pile of the
worst jobs ready for their prisoner such as lavatory cleaning, personal laundry,
floor scrubbing, garden weeding in all weathers and so on.

The rules seemed to preclude any serious punishment by the lady employer and
only mentioned "minor corrections". Timmins said that this used to be
circumvented by the prisoner being thrashed for some imagined offence shortly
before leaving the centre. That way, who could tell if the wretched female had
been given any unauthorised punishment on her return? Recently however the
centre thrashing had been dropped and the policewoman simply signed the female
over with a statement regarding "existing evidence of punishment on prisoners
body". That way no one would ever comment if she were returned with any marks.

When Stewart asked her whether the prisoners were ever subjected to sexual abuse
Timmins screwed her face up in disgust. " It's so totally unfair," she muttered,
" If you get a lezzie as an employer you have to go along with whatever she
wants and if she is strait you are probably going to be groped and worse by her
husband, boyfriend or even her young sons if she has any. You are their virtual
slave and just have to accept whatever they want to do to you. Believe me, once
you have been sent back with an adverse report you will put up with anything to
prevent another visit to the punishment room.

The female prisoner's explanation was cut short by the arrival in the toilets of
one of the staff. She was tall, with long fair hair and was dressed in her
sports skirt and top. She had obviously been drinking after her exercise session
and seemed to be looking for trouble. She ordered them both to the attention and
stood in front of them flushed and grinning.

" So you are the two who are responsible for the cleanliness of the toilets
tonight," she said, " Since I have to use one of the stalls I might as well
carry out an inspection".

To the concern of the prisoners she deliberately choose a stall that they had
not had time to clean or even check. Whichever wardess had used it earlier, she
had deliberately left it in a disgusting condition. Stewart and Timmins waited
anxiously by the opened door as the wardress recited a list of points.

"Bowl unflushed with urine and paper present. Paper on the floor. Water drops on
the seat and floor. What looks like a scattering of body powder on the floor. 
How DARE you two allow a wardress's toilet to be in such a disgusting state,
clearly you both need to be taught a lesson!"

She went over to the lockers, opened the one where she had stored her day
uniform and extricated her punishment strap from its holder.

"This offence really merits a cane, but I will have to make do with this
implement. Don't expect me to be too accurate with the counting though." She
said. "You will be first girl, remove your panties and hand them to Stewart then
come in the cubicle. Stewart, stand near this door where you can see what is
going on."

The wardress stood astride the toilet pan facing outwards. She bent to lift the
seat and directed Timmins to kneel down and place her neck on the edge of the
pan then lowered the seat so that her neck was trapped and her face was below
the level of the rim. The young wardress then leaned over the trapped prisoner,
raised her skirt and ordered her to reach behind her and pull her bottom cheeks
apart.

Stewart was mesmerised by the sight of the exposed mature cleft with the labial
cleft underneath, clearly a female from a non-shaved squad.  The wardress
carefully raised the strap and brought it down vertically along the inside of
the right buttock crease. Even on the females accustomed to regular thrashings,
this always remained an especially soft and vulnerable area. Timmin's yelp was
magnified by the toilet bowl but her lurch forward was restrained by the grip of
the seat on her neck. Two more lashes were laid in before the wardress changed
her position. Somehow the female prisoner managed to hold her cheeks apart
despite the burning pain. By rights the wardress was limited to three stokes but
it came as no surprise to Stewart or the victim when an additional three strokes
were laid down the opposite crease.

With some difficulty the wardress extricated Timmins and herself from their
positions over the bowl and, ordering Stewart to return the girls panties, told
him to remove his shorts and underwear. He was then told to shuffle forward into
the cubicle on his knees whilst the wardress postioned herself and raised the
toilet seat. He was soon face down in the bowl with the seat lying across the
back of his neck. The stale urine and used paper deposited by a previous female
staff member was inches from his nose with the expected odour being inhaled with
every nervous breath.  The wardresses spread knees were just visible at the edge
of his vision and he saw them flex as she leant forward over his back. Without
being told, he reached behind him to pull his cheeks apart and braced himself
for the inevitable.

He felt the wardress move and then the strap lashed down on the inside of his
right buttock. He consoled himself with the thought that it was only the light
strap, but even so, it hurt like hell. The next stroke fell in the same place
but slightly lower causing him considerable concern in case the tip should catch
his hanging scrotum. Two more strokes were laid into the left inner cheek and
then he heard the order:

"Pull harder on your fingers- I want your cheeks well spread."

He did and the strap was brought swinging down along the furrow of his anus with
a searing burning sensation. It was followed by a second and a third.

The wardress straddled Stewart to vacate the stall and then told them both to
stand to attention outside. Neither wanted to close their legs but did as they
were ordered. The wardress, rather more flushed than she had earlier been,
admonished them again, made a threat of returning to check further and then,
mercifully departed leaving them to clean and polish the toilet. The two
prisoners shrugged their acceptance to each other and resumed their work.

Fortunately the wardresses promise to return became lost in an alcoholic haze
and they were eventually dismissed back to their respective blocks, both aware
that they had escaped lightly by the standards of the Correctional Centre.

It was two days later that a list appeared on the squad notice board. Headed
"Work experience in the community" it listed several prisoners' names including
Stewart and Daley along with 10 females from other squads. They were told to
report to the Guardroom immediately after breakfast the next day with kit and
uniform for three days. That night Stewart packed his shaving kit and toothbrush
along with clean shirts and underwear, relieved that his clothing was simple
compared to the female prisoners. He spent a restless night worried how he would
be treated but exited to be getting a glimpse of the outside world.

By 0800 hours a line of 12 prisoners stood outside the Guardroom carrying their
issued holdalls in the cold morning air. The duty police sergeant informed them
that they would be delivered in pairs to the homes that had been selected. She
reminded them that on their return they could expect to be on "Governor's
Report" for anything other that a glowing report from their temporary owners. It
would be up to them to work hard and maintain the good reputation of the centre.

A large prison van arrived driven by a uniformed wardress. The back door was
opened and, one by one, the prisoners were taken inside. Once their bags had
been placed on a rack they were pushed and shoved into one of the small wire
cubicles than ran down either side. The order was then given to drop their
panties to their ankles, or in Stewart's case, his shorts and underpants. Sets
of handcuffs were swiftly produced and each prisoner had her or his hands
'cuffed behind them and they were told to sit. Padded leather U shaped rests
were fixed to the sides of each cage just above knee height. The prisoner's
knees were quickly lifted and placed in them forcing their legs apart and
pulling their buttocks forward. The seats consisted what appeared to be a
grating that ran the length of the vehicle. It was made up of thin almost sharp
strips of steel welded into a three-inch wide mesh. The weight that had been
taken by their feet was transferred to their buttocks and the metal grill dug in
even deeper. The Finally a broad seat belt was pulled tightly around each waist
forcing the handcuffed hands against the wooden framed walls of the van and
making any movement impossible. The back doors were slammed shut and the engine
started. The two wardress escorts joined the driver in the cab and after a brief
glance at the prisoners through a large window behind them, the van moved off.

A speaker system clicked into life:

" As you prisoners may have noticed," a female voice announced, "this is hardly
a luxury coach tour. You will undoubtedly find your seats a little uncomfortable
but feel free to relieve yourselves anytime, as we will not be making any toilet
stops. There will be no talking. You will be pleased to hear that the rear of
the van is heated but we have decided you will all benefit from some fresh air
instead. I have therefore turned the air-conditioning to maximum."

With that air vents sprang open above their heads and in the troughs that they
were sitting over releasing a chill blast of cold air. The interior of the
prison van was soon like the inside of a refrigerator. With his buttocks
pressing hard into the metal grill. Stewart was relieved that the bruising from
his last beating had almost faded especially when he looked around and realised
that several of the recently punished females were finding the grill decidedly
unsuitable for sitting on. The one opposite seemed less concerned with the
blatant display of her crotch and more with grimacing with her eyes screwed
shut. Fresh weals could be seen on her raised thighs and if they were any
indication of what state her buttocks were in, Stewart could easily understand
her problem.

The speaker crackled into life:

"Just in case any of you have used the facilities, so to speak..."

Fine stinging jets of ice cold water suddenly sprayed up through the grill seats
hitting the parted crotches of the passengers. All the occupants of the van
gasped then squealed with the shock surprise and the chilling coldness as the
water jets hit their anal and vulval areas with some force. For Stewart the jets
also hit his hanging scrotum with added discomfort.

The obvious plan was to ensure that the prisoners were delivered in the most
abject condition possible. Two more freezing washes were administered before the
vehicle pulled to a halt, reversed into a drive next to a large imposing house
and the back doors were opened.

Stewart recognised the young female who waited expectantly for the prisoners to
be released. It was the young female Charlotte who had been allowed to give
Daley so much pain following her careless slip at the public punishments. The
wardress consulted her clipboard and called out the name of another female
prisoner and then...Daley. An audible gasp of horror came from Daley as the cage
was unfastened, she was released, allowed to pull up her panties and then half
dragged down the step to stand, shivering, in front of her tormentress.

Charlotte was certainly dressed for the part in skin-tight jodhpurs, riding
boots, crisp white shirt, black tie and a riding hat. She greeted the shivering
prisoner with icy enthusiasm that even extended to a perfunctory kiss on both
her cheeks. Grinning from ear to ear Charlotte signed to form on the clipboard.
The two prisoners were just being led into the house when the doors slammed shut
on the others and their journey resumed.

The driver seemed to deliberately seek out every pothole in every road knowing
that the uncomfortable seating would further distress her charges. Soon after
leaving each destination, another icy cleaning jet was administered with the two
escorts looking back and giggling at the prisoner's discomfort.

The van was down to its last four occupants when it drew to a halt, the doors
were opened and Stewart's name was called out along with the female opposite.
The wardress released their knees from the supports and as they stood, turned
them roughly around to release their handcuffs so that they could dress
themselves. They soon stood outside the van as the doors were slammed and a
wardress rang the door bell next to large oak door.

It slowly opened and the two prisoners were ordered inside the dark gloomy
entrance. The person who had opened the door remained hidden behind it as the
passenger door on the prison van closed and the vehicle drove away.




Chapter 36

The prison van disappeared up the long tree lined drive. The heavy door slowly
closed with a thud revealing the person standing behind it.

She was a short solidly built woman in her early forties. Around 5 foot three
inches tall she had greying hair fastened in a bun behind her head.  Her face
was plump and plain with grey eyes and large rimmed glasses worn on her nose.
She was dressed in dark navy dress with a leather belt on which dangled a set of
keys. The skirt was long and on her feet was a pair of plain trainers. She
stared at the two intently for a few moments and then spoke with a broad
Scottish accent:

"My name is Mrs Parsons," she announced, " I am the housekeeper here and will be
in charge of you both for the next few days. Mrs McEwan, your owner, is out and
you will meet when she returns, in the meantime I will find you some jobs to
keep you occupied. Follow me."

The two prisoners were led along a corridor to the back of the large imposing
house and into a room containing tack and other equine accoutrements. Miss
Parsons pointed to a bench on which stood two pairs of riding boots, both
covered in mud and straw from the outside yard.

"Mrs McEwan went riding earlier this morning with her daughter, Miss Emma. You
can both start by cleaning and polishing their boots and I will warn you that I
expect to see them both gleaming by the time she returns in around an hour." She
added, with a frosty smile, " I understand that neither of you will require to
use the lavatory for some while so the door will be locked behind you."

With that, the door slammed shut leaving them alone.

Stewart looked at his fellow servant, Gilpin. She was in her mid twenties, tall
with blonde hair down to her shoulders. She was slim but with a full figure
under her white uniform shirt and presented an overall picture of a very
attractive young girl. She returned Stewart's look with a shrug of resignation.

"It doesn't seem too bad here," she said hopefully. I haven't seen any obvious
signs that they intend to mistreat us such as the housekeeper carry a strap or
something."

Stewart agreed and said that if they both worked hard and kept their heads down
it would soon be over. He asked if this was her first experience at working in
the community. Gilpin shook her head and said that she had been sent out twice.
The first time it had been great and far better than being in the centre but the
second time she was sent to a total bitch who treated both her and the other
female prisoner like animals. It wasn't just the thrashings that they got for
the slightest offence, what was worse was the way in which she required the two
of them to provide intimate services for her friends as well as herself. There
was never any question of whether the prisoners were lesbian themselves, she
ordered them to carry out acts that they found disgusting and heaven help them
if they so much as raised an eyebrow in objection.

She would only give Stewart one example and that concerned the other prisoner.
She was loaned to a lady visitor, a middle aged overweight friend of their
owner. Apparently she was into being given oral sex and demanded that the girl
provide it. The woman had, it would seem, been less than fastidious with her
personal washing. The girl hesitated when faced with pressing her face into the
spread crotch and the visitor called in the owner and complained.

The owner used a thin supple riding crop to correct her attitude. She laid on
ten strokes across the hapless girl's backside as she knelt on all fours between
the woman's spread legs. The woman grasped the girl's long hair and held her
tight into the gaping and odorous vulva to muffle her screams. Gilpin said that
from then on they simply obeyed every order and held their feelings in check

Stewart commented on the bruising that he had noticed on her thighs when they
were in the van. Her eyes opened wide in recollection. It seems that she had
fallen foul of one of the policewomen sergeants and had to take an "unofficial"
two days ago. All she had done was to be caught with her tie undone as she
walked towards her next class. She described how the officer had laid on six
real stingers as she lay, unsecured, across the horse. They had really hurt but
she managed to take them without earning any extras by failing to "remain
presented for punishment". After she had dressed and was about to leave, the
sergeant had smiled and casually mentioned that she would see her at the same
time the next day "for the rest". Unbelievably she had stretched it to two
thrashings.

There was of course no appeal or point to any objection. At the same time next
day Gilpin had to march to the guardroom, report to the sergeant, strip on her
command and mount the horse. She gripped the handholds desperately, knowing that
the sergeant had every intention of increasing the punishment if she could. She
selected a heavier weight of cane from the rack and skilfully laid it across the
weals from the previous punishment. Gilpin managed four strokes before the fifth
caused her to let go and protectively place her hands over her buttocks. She did
the same for the sixth and so four more strokes were awarded for "refusal to
accept punishment". All four were lashed across her thighs, hence the marks that
Stewart had seen. As Gilpin remarked, she was just praying that the owner would
be easy on her for the next few days until the bruising had subsided.

With that they set to cleaning the mud off the boots using the large sink.

The two pairs of hand-crafted riding boots were well into the polishing stage
when the two prisoners heard the sounds of a car pulling up at the rear. Through
the top of the window they could seen the roof of an expensive four wheeled
drive vehicle that was no doubt needed to tow horse boxes. Assuming the return
of their owner they polished as hard as they could to achieve a good shine on
the leather before the inevitable inspection.

The unlocking of the door and the entry of Miss Parsons interrupted their
efforts.

"Mrs McEwan will see you now." She announced. They followed the housekeeper
through the house and into a large airy sitting room. The lady of the house sat
poised on the edge of a well-stuffed settee.
She was simply stunning, and Stewart found himself immediately in awe of her. He
later learned that she was the daughter of one of the wealthiest families in the
country and had been indulged from childhood.  She was tall and her figure,
though no longer slim, was well proportioned with matronly bosoms. She appeared
to be in her early forties, just slightly older than Stewart. Her hair appeared
naturally blonde and hung almost to her waist. Her face was even more attractive
with large green eyes and full red lips. A strong smell of expensive perfume
wafted over them. The expression on the near perfect face indicated a woman who
had always been used to getting her own way and heaven help anyone who dared to
question her. Her dress style was immaculate as she sat in tastefully matching
light green blouse, skirt and neck scarf. Stewart didn't need to see the labels
to know that every item was designer chic at it's most expensive.

The two servants stood at attention in front of her, and their names were
announced by Mrs Parsons. Slowly she eyed them both up and down.

"Good morning," she commenced with a smile," As you may know you will be here as
my servants for a few days, unless I have to send you back as unsuitable. You
will address me as "Madam", my housekeeper as "Mrs Parsons" and my daughter,
when you meet her, as Miss Ella. Any visitors will be addressed as Miss or Madam
depending on their age, and, all males as "Sir". I shall expect you both to work
hard at any task that is assigned to you. Any order from myself, Mrs Parsons or
my daughter will be obeyed immediately and without question. Now to the question
of appropriate punishment, I take it that you have both received corporal
punishment whilst at the Centre?"

The prisoners nodded and mumbled an agreement.

" Well, naturally I hope that it won't be necessary to inflict pain to achieve
your obedience, but should it be necessary you may be confident that I shall
either administer punishment myself or authorise Mrs Parsons or my daughter to
do so. I think I should let you know that I have an excellent relationship with
the Centre Staff and they will accept my decisions in this matter. There will,
in other words, be no appeal against my sentence. Is that clear?"

Again the wretched pair nodded and muttered "Yes Madam".

" In accordance with the guidelines laid down for handling prisoners such as
yourselves I will now carry out a full inspection and afterwards you will
receive a nominal punishment in my presence to emphasise my authority. Mrs
Parsons is well aware of the recommendation to keep a room available just for
disciplinary treatments and will take you there in due course. I think I will
start with you, Gilpin- take up the present position . Stewart, stand over by
the wall facing us."

Gilpin stood braced, with her elbows well back and feet well apart. Mrs McEwan
stood up. She was much taller than the girl and stood for a few seconds looking
down at her. She then slowly moved around the motionless female taking in her
hair, face and absurd schoolgirls uniform. She finished standing to her front
scarcely two away from her. Suddenly, Mrs McEwan's attitude changed and the
smile was replaced with a frosty look of disbelief.

" I though that they had high standards of dress at the Correctional Centre,"
she snapped, " What is the meaning of wearing this filthy uniform shirt?"

She jabbed a sharp fingernail at some minute mud specks on the front of the
otherwise pristine shirt. Gilpin gulped and stammered a reply:

" S-sorry Madam, I must have splashed myself scrubbing your boots earlier."

There followed an awful period of absolute silence during which Mrs McEwan
leaned down to examine to examine the girl's shirt even closer. Even from where
Stewart stood he could see the perspiration forming on the female prisoner's
brow and damp patches starting to show around her underarms. It struck him that
her previous experience in the role of servant was proving to be of little help.

" Remove your tie and then your shirt, hand them to Mrs Parsons and resume the
present." Came the order.

After some nervous fumbling Gilpin stood fully braced in just her skimpy
regulation white bra. A visible tremor shook her body and a shiny film of sweat
was forming on her pale exposed skin. Again, her owner slowly walked around her
taking in the sight of the nervous female. She stopped at her front and casually
dragged her long red nails over the front of the bra. Reluctantly, the nubs of
the girl's breasts started to swell and protrude through the thin material. Then
the nails were dragged up and over her exposed underarms.

"I see that you are well shaved girl, I take it that you are similarly  scraped
over your entire body?"

Gilpin nodded her agreement with and almost inaudible "Madam" through her
clenched lips.

"We shall see...we shall see..." muttered Mrs McEwan softly. "Take off you
brassiere!"

Without hesitation Gilpin reached behind her, unclasped the fastener, slipped
the garment down her arms and handed it to the housekeeper; snapping back to the
"present". Mrs Parsons took the bra disdainfully between a finger and thumb-tip
and dropped it on top of her shirt on a side table.

Gilpin's breasts were fully exposed. Despite their size they seemed firm and
pert with little sag. The aerolea were pink and swollen with small fat nipples
in the centre. Inwardly Gilpin knew that she had the sort of breasts that women
envied and dreaded that Mrs McEwan would enact the same jealous retribution that
many of the flatter- chested wardresses had wanted to. She already had two
breast related demerits against her name and knew that she was probably overdue
for a breast punishment in the Centre.

Slowly and sensually the tall woman dragged her fingertips all around the
breasts and then, holding them gently underneath lifted them slightly to assess
their weight.

" My word, you are sweating girl and I do so hate sweaty servants." She
commented. " But you certainly have magnificent breasts...I am really rather
jealous." She added with a sly smile. Have you been punished on them yet at the
Centre?"

" Only two unofficial breast spankings Madam," Gilpin whispered swallowing hard.

" But you haven't had them properly caned yet?"

"N-no Madam, but I have two BRD's so far."

Again Mrs McEwan smiled:

"So one more slip and you will be for it then." She turned to her housekeeper.
"Mrs Parsons, please be so kind as to check the girl's shirt and brassiere most
carefully, we really must support the Correctional staff in their endeavours to
keep these prisoners in line. Naturally, if you find that the brassiere is less
than spotless we will have to consider reporting the problem when the girl is
returned."

Gilpin visibly paled. The inference in her owner's words did not need to be
spelt out. If she were in anyway displeased with her during the stay she would
ensure that as well as an adverse report accompanying her return she would also
be in line for a breast punishment.

She then turned back to the girl and gave her the next order. It was to remove
her shoes and stockings, which Gilpin did, hopping from one foot to the other.
Again, Mrs McEwan spoke in the gentle but sarcastic manner that she favoured.

" I'm sure that you realise that an inspection has to be comprehensive Gilpin,
believe me, I only try to be thorough for your own good so I hope that there
will no girlish modesty for the next part of my examination. Remove your skirt!

No matter how many times the young female had been told to expose herself at the
Centre, she still felt humiliated and embarrassed having to take off her clothes
especially when the marks of her recent thrashing would be displayed. Blushing
she unfastened and slipped out of the short skirt and stood in just her panties
and suspender belt.

A murmur of surprise came from Mrs Parsons, standing to her rear. Mrs McEwan
signalled Gilpin to turn around to see what shocked the housekeeper. Four heavy
blue stripes lay across her thighs between the back of her knees and her
buttocks. More heavy bruising could be seen under the lower edge of the small
white panties.The marks of the seat in the van could still be seen imparting a
reference grid to the girl's thighs and buttocks. She ordered the girl to spread
her legs and grasp her ankles then pulled the white material covering the
buttocks up tight exposing her nates.

"It seems that you have been recently punished Gilpin. What was that for?" she
enquired.

The doubled over prisoner described her offence and how the policewoman had
dealt with her. Far from offering sympathy Mrs McEwan expressed disgust at the
girl's seeming inability to keep herself neat and tidy.

"So it seems that the soiled shirt you wore for this inspection is just one
example of your slovenly dress habits. Clearly we will need to bear that in mind
during your stay with us." She then leant forward and dragged her fingernails
over the bruises. Gilpin winced and flinched at her touch.

"Mmmm, you seem sensitive to the touch, so at least we will know that any
punishment we lay on the area will be extremely effective. Now stand up and
remove your panties."

Gilpin stood, turned to face her and slipped her damp white panties down her
legs, stepped out  and handed them to the housekeeper assuming, once more, the
present position. Again they were handled between the fingertip and thumb and
dropped on the pile.

" I suppose you will say that the wetness is a result of the van journey, non
the less Mrs Parsons, a thorough check of the cleanliness please. Now lets take
a closer look at the girls more intimate areas." Initially, Mrs McEwan confined
herself to just looking at Gilpins shaved pudenda but then ordered her to climb
on to the settee on all fours.

Just then the door opened and a young woman walked in. She was almost 20 years
old, tall with long fair hair and a slim build. She was dressed in a superb
trouser suit and blouse. Even before she had greeted Mrs McEwan as "Mummy" the
two prisoners has assumed that this must be Miss Emma, the daughter of the
house.

She apologised for bursting in, as she didn't realise that "Mummy" had guests.
Mrs McEwan hastily reassured her.

"Nonsense my dear, these are the two prisoners that I told you about. Mrs
Parsons and I are going through the formalities if you would care to help. If
you remember, unlike the previous arrangement, I specifically arranged to have
one of each sex so that you could use them for that project you have been
working on. In fact, you have just given me an idea, rather than me carry out an
intimate check of the girl we could postpone it until later, if you know what I
mean!"

Emma smiled brightly and agreed. Both Gilpin and Stewart were puzzled by the
conversation but apprehensive about the contents, the former feeling lucky that
she had escaped that particular humiliation for the time being.

"Stand up Gilpin and take that ridiculous prison suspender belt off, we had
better decide how you will be dressed whilst in my service," said Mrs McEwan .

"With respect Madam," Mrs Parsons interrupted, "I have already put some though
to that matter, the girl is a little broader than Miss Emma but she could wear
her panties and one of your bras that are awaiting laundry. Then she can wear
Miss Emma's vest and skirt from her college PT kit, and that should suffice."

Emma was sent to collect the items and returned with a mischievous grin. In her
hand she had a collection of bras and panties. In the other hand she held her
open gym bag.
" I'm afraid the only clothes I can find are rather grubby, its over a week
since I wore the gym kit and I must have forgotten to put it in the laundry so
its been festering in this bag. Anyhow, she is only a servant girl so I guess
she will just have to accept what is available."

Miss Parsons selected a pair of light blue thong panties that were seemingly
Emma's and a white half cup bra that, from the more generous dimensions, was
obviously her mother's. Hesitatingly Gilpin donned the panties noticing the all
too obvious stains in the crotch and the thin thong. She managed to hide her
natural revulsion at being obliged to wear the younger female's dirty clothing.
The bra was tight around her body but the supported half-cups fitted snugly
under her breasts lifting them even higher. She could smell the stale sweat on
the vest even before it was handed to her but again, she managed to hide her
distaste as she slipped the crumpled white garment over her head and shoulders.
The grey skirt was fortunately adjustable to her larger hips and, though short,
fitted well. Finally a pair of plain leather sandals were handed to her that she
placed on her feet. She was then told to change place with Stewart.

" I don't know if you realise Emma, but Mrs Parsons previously worked for a lady
who had frequent use of prisoners from the male Correctional Centre so she as
considerable experience of keeping men in line. I think that it would be better
if she carried out Stewart's examination and pointed out various techniques that
you may find useful."

With that, Mrs Parsons stood directly in front of the male looking up at him.
Without taking her eyes off him she ordered him to stand at attention and
addressed the young girl:

" The main thing, Miss Emma is that you start by making sure the male prisoner
is in no doubt as to your authority."

She then raised her hand and slapped him across both cheeks with the palm and
back of her right hand. Stewart saw both blows coming but managed to remain at
attention and not attempt to avoid them. He was left with his ears ringing and
considerably shaken by the force of the slaps.

" What we are looking for here," she continued," is any attempt to dodge the
hand as that would indicate a lack of acceptance on his part, I will now repeat
the exercise and as he will be fully expecting the slaps, this will really test
his obedience."

She slowly drew her right hand back over her shoulder, paused, and brought it
slamming across his face knocking him sideways. Red faced, he swiftly resumed
the correct position as she drew her hand back over her left shoulder and
brought it viciously across his other cheek knocking him the other way. It took
all of Stewart's willpower to accept this brutal treatment and not to defend
himself or even hit back, but accept he did, remaining rigidly at the attention.

Mrs Parsons muttered her approval and stepped back. She then curtly ordered him
to remove his denim shirt and ran her stubby fingers over his chest, pausing to
give each nipple a sharp tweak. Next she ordered the removal of his shoes, socks
and shorts and told him to stand at the present. The only covering was now the
small thin cotton briefs and the outline of his genitals was more than apparent.

Stewart was only too aware how the swelling of his penis was just what Mrs
Parsons wanted, so that she would be given the excuse to further humiliate and
hurt him. He tried desperately to control himself in front of the three staring
females but the engorgement continued and he could feel his member expanding
into his briefs.

Mrs McEwan was the first to comment:

"I hope, Mrs Parsons, that the swelling I can see in the males underpants isn't
what I think it is, I have no intention of allowing that sort of behaviour
especially in front of my daughter!"

Mrs Parsons, feigned embarrassment and shook her prim little head in disbelief.

" I'm sorry Madam, but I half expected this sort of problem when I heard that he
was coming from a Female Correctional Centre. If he had spent time in the Male
Centre he would have had this sort of insolence thrashed out of him by now. I
hear that in those centres the mere sight of one of the canes can do the trick
but I suppose this boy has had it easy and been mollycoddled by the lady
wardresses. Take off your briefs and resume the present Stewart!"

Stewart did and felt his penis nod and swing as he assumed the position. A gasp
of horror came from Miss Emma.

" How utterly disgusting!" snorted Mrs McEwan.

" Well Madam," Mrs Parsons replied, "we have two choices: We can send him back
immediately with a formal complaint or we can allow him to remain here but under
the sort of control that he obviously needs. He would have to agree to accepting
any discipline that we thought fit."

It took Mrs McEwan only seconds to acidly offer the prisoner the choice and for
him to accept. Stewart's heart sank. Far from being an easy few days this was
going to be hell on earth for both Gilpin and himself. With renewed confidence,
Mrs Parsons continued her examination and firmly grasped his penis with her
right hand.

" It is up to your individual preference as to whether male servants are allowed
to keep their glans covered or not Madam. Obviously this option doesn't arise
with a circumcised male, but with this one you can either instruct that he keeps
himself covered or....bare."  she said quickly snatching back his foreskin." I
understand that the wardresses refer to this as "skinned or un-skinned. There
are obvious benefits regarding hygiene but really it's a matter of personal
preference".

Mrs McEwan moved in close so that her perfume was even more seductive to
Stewart's nose. She asked to see the penis un-skinned and then skinned. Mrs
Parsons obliged with a fierce grip, pulling the foreskin over the head, and then
uncomfortably back with her clenched fist against his pelvic bone. She explained
how she had heard that many of the male prisoners were given compulsory
circumcisions in the Male Centre should any of the medical staff consider it
necessary. The lady doctor there specialised in trimming the foreskin "high and
tight" so that as much of the shaft as well as the glans was exposed. Naturally
the prisoner was given no choice in the matter and the grounds for the
uncomfortable procedure could be just one isolated example of poor personal
hygiene. It was a constant risk that a prisoner ran whenever he was in the hands
of one of the medical staff.

Mrs McEwan murmured her approval of the "skinned" look and moved back. She then
asked what clothing was planned for the servant.

In response Mrs Parsons retrieved a small pair of black briefs from a drawer.
She explained that she had borrowed them from her old employer and it was what
they made their male servants wear.  A pouch of thin stretch material would
enable the penis to erect without being blatantly exposed. The thin leather
straps fitted tightly around the waist and between the buttocks.

" It will be obvious whenever he has the slightest erection but at least it will
remain covered. Naturally the thong will leave his backside fully available for
any correction. I really don't think that he needs to wear anything else and his
lack of clothing will be a constant reminder of his status.

With some difficulty Stewart slipped the article on and bent his still swollen
penis to fit into the pouch. This would be a tight fit and with the rough
material chafing his exposed glans, the prospect of an erection would be ever
present.

Mrs McEwan smilingly told Emma that the rest of his inspection could form part
of her project, as would Gilpin's. She instructed her to make the arrangements
for three in the afternoon and suggested that they should now get the formal
welcoming punishment over.

Mrs Parsons led a nervous and puzzled pair of servants towards the room where
they had been cleaning the boots. On entering she went straight to a locked door
on the far side, opened it, reached inside to switch on a light and then nodded
her head to indicate that the two should enter. There was a steep set of steps
that led down into a brilliantly lit basement. The group gathered at the foot of
the steps and looked around the underground chamber. A smell of damp earth hung
in the air and the temperature was unpleasantly low. A large heavy oak table
stood in the middle of the area with a smaller table covered in implements to
one side. Despite being underground the roof was high and formed out of a white
painted brick arch. All the walls were of a similar construction and the floor
was bare stone blocks. The room clearly had but one purpose: This was where
punishments could be inflicted on house servants. It was a room that did not
encourage hope in the hearts of those who were taken there, rather, the chill
soon permeated their shivering bodies as did the realisation of total
hopelessness.

To be continued.




Chapter 37.

Stewart was surprised by this feeling of impending doom. Whatever the lady owner
had planned for Gilpin and himself, whatever punishment she had in mind, he knew
that it would be minor in comparison with anything he could receive in the hands
of the Centre staff.  Despite this logical thought he stood apprehensively
alongside the female prisoner awaiting the arrival of the mother and daughter
who effectively owned them both.

It was a full five minutes before Emma and her mother walked down the steps of
the basement. Mrs McEwan glanced approvingly around the chilly basement that had
obviously been prepared to her instructions.

"This will not take long. I will simply be impressing on you both that you are
totally in my charge and to let you feel an application of pain that will
reinforce my authority. I could say that my hopes are that this will be the last
time it will be necessary to hurt either of you, but from what I have read of
your reports I very much doubt that. I have decided to inflict ten strokes of
the strap across your buttocks. I will lay on the first six, Miss Emma the next
two and Mrs Parsons the final two. I feel that it will be as well for you to
understand that both my daughter and housekeeper will be involved in your
conduct whilst here and so you should fully appreciate that they may have to
punish you on my behalf. "

Stewart felt a surge of relief. The strap hanging from Mrs Parson's belt looked
as if it would certainly hurt, but at least he wouldn't be getting a belting
with a real punishment strap.  Unfortunately Mrs McEwan had other plans, walked
over to the table on which lay the implements and picked up a heavy looking two
tailed tawse.

"Nicely oiled I see, Mrs Parsons." She remarked running the leather through her
manicured fingers. "A little added weight from the oil is always welcome and of
course, the increased suppleness really gives a proper wrap around."

She raised her right arm and slammed the strap down across the wooden table top
with a  loud thud that made both prisoners jump.

" You first Stewart, strip off your thong."

All the females, including Gilpin watched, as he hopped out of the pouch type
pants. His penis, with the pulled back foreskin, was still semi-erect as a
result of the chafing of the rough material. Following the nodded instruction
from Mrs McEwan he bent over the end of the large table until his left face and
chest were flat with the surface, then gripped the sides. The table was not that
tall so he had to spread his legs wide so that his feet would stand flat on the
ground to brace him. He could see Mrs McEwan slowly walk to the end of the table
and look down at his buttocks with a look of casual disinterest. She gently laid
the strap across his nates in an almost stroking motion. The leather felt sturdy
and heavy even as it simply rested on his flesh. And then it was slowly raised
above her shoulder.

He heard the dreadful sound of the strap making contact on his unprotected seat
just a millisecond before he felt the pressure of the leather striking home. The
pain followed with its usual inevitable delay of around a second or so.  Had it
been one of the buxom wardresses laying it on Stewart would not have been
surprised by the force and pain of the blow. As it was an exquisitely feminine
and stylishly dressed lady wielding the strap, it came as a brutal shock.

The strap continued to lay into the ever increasingly sensitive buttocks with
Stewart hard pushed to retain his grip on the sides of the table. He fought to
control his breathing, knowing that keeping his chest inflated would somehow
help. Each stroke forced a low grunt from his clenched teeth but he somehow
found time to wonder how on earth Gilpin would cope with her buttocks already in
a bruised and sensitive state. Finally Mrs McEwan finished her allotted six
strokes, laid the strap down on Stewart's back and called Emma across. The lady
herself remained as immaculate as ever without any sign of breaking sweat or
even being short of breath.

Miss Emma ordered him to stand. Instantly her eyes went down to his crotch and,
noticing his deflated member, smiled at her mother.

"You have certainly cured his disgusting problem Mummy. He looks a lot more
respectful now, I must see if I can help him a little more!" She then ordered
him back into  position and smirked when he winced as the skin was tightened.

She put her whole weight behind the strap but she lacked the experience and
strength of the older woman. Even so the two strokes, laid across the swelling
weals, certainly hurt. There was no further discussion as Mrs Parsons took the
proffered strap from Emma and took up her position.

Both strokes were laid on with venom across the very top of his thighs almost
lifting his feet off the floor. It was always these thigh strokes that hurt the
most, even without the strength of the sturdy housekeeper laying them on.
Stewart realised that although this was a minor and even token punishment, Mrs
Parsons was using it to impart a clear message that she was not a person to
cross.

He remained across the table until Mrs McEwan spoke:

"Well Boy, that very nominal discipline should help to emphasise my authority.
If you find yourself across that table again during your stay, you may expect a
more effective degree of punishment. Stand up and change places with the girl."

Gilpin moved unsteadily towards the table. Until that second she had held some
hope in her heart that simple humanity would intervene on her part and she would
escape the inevitable. Her buttocks clenched and unclenched under her short
skirt and panties as she waited. Mrs McEwan ordered her to strip completely and
place her flimsy clothes on a side table. She soon stood, naked before them.

Mrs McEwan looked her up and down with a self-satisfied smile. She had, after
all, gone to a lot of trouble to select a girl as attractive and full figured as
Gilpin from the files she had been allowed to secretly examine. It was essential
to find a female who had a bad record, so that little or no sympathy would come
her way when she was returned to the Centre. One of the wardresses suggestions
that marking her before she left would go a long way to obscure any further
punishment that might be necessary. The Policewoman Sergeant had been only too
happy to oblige with a couple of quick "informals".  Ideally, Mrs McEwan had
hoped to find a girl taller than herself, but in every other way Gilpin would be
a perfect victim. Her breasts were full firm and uplifted with large pink
nipples that were bound to be super-sensitive. She was slim but a little heavy
around the buttocks so that area would absorb punishment well. Her absence of
crotch hair was a novelty and revealed that her inner labia protruded slightly
in what was bound to be an embarrassing way to the girl even when she was not
fully displayed. A near perfect choice she thought to herself. It was time for
her to make her life hell.

"Let me have a look at your buttocks again girl." She commanded making a
twirling sign with her right forefinger. "Dear me, the staff certainly lay the
cane on hard at the Centre, you must be very sore and tender around your
backside and thighs. It does seem such a shame that I have to lay the strap
across them, perhaps we should consider letting you off, otherwise it will be
agonising for you poor thing."

Gilpin felt her heart soar. The lady owner was human after all. but then Mrs
McEwan continued:

"What do you think Mrs Parsons? Surely we can't thrash the girl over all those
bruises?"

Mrs Parsons played her part in the charade with enthusiasm. First she gasped as
if in surprise, then spoke:

"With great respect Madam, your kindness will get us nowhere. The girl is an
obviously idle and insolent prisoner with a record as long as your arm. No way
would those wardresses have caned her as hard as they did for only a trifling
error. The state of her buttocks and thighs is entirely her own fault and if
anything, the punishment should be increased so that she will be taught a real
lesson."

Gilpin visibly swallowed and a tear ran down her cheek. There was no hope, she
was to be strapped without mercy and somehow she would just have to take the
beating

Mrs McEwan murmured her agreement with Mrs Parson's views and ordered Gilpin
across the table. She took up the same position as Stewart but her shorter legs
hung down with just her toes touching the cold tiles. A gentle tremor started
and soon her entire body shook as she awaited the first stroke.

Up until the time the strap started to fall there was still a remnant of hope
left in the girl, but that died as the split tailed leather slammed across her
tenderised buttocks. She gritted her teeth exclaiming a muffled groan and hung
on to the table for dear life. Remorselessly  the oiled leather was raised high
and brought down creating another searing band of pain, and this time she could
not help the scream of agony that was forced from her. Mrs McEwan laid on her
six promised strokes leaving the wretched female sobbing and shaking. Casually
she then ran her hands over the swelling globes feeling the heat that emanated
from the broad weals.

"Such a shame to have to hurt you like this Gilpin, but I really have no
alternative." She said patronisingly before handing the strap to Miss Emma.

Emma followed her mother's example and ran her hands over the naked buttocks
feeling the pain generated heat for herself. Her eyes opened wide giving Stewart
the clue that she was new to the disciplining of servants...but learning fast.

Her two strokes were laid on with all the enthusiasm of youth and her
disappointment that Gilpin managed to absorb them without standing up or
otherwise moving, was obvious.

Mrs Parsons took the strap from her. Without delay she raised it high and
brought it curling in to lash across the top of her thighs neatly covering two
of the heavy strips of bruising that the cane had made. Gilpin was again forced
to scream and pleaded with her tormentors:

"Pplease Madam...no more...I c-can't take it anymore."

She was still stuttering and dribbling on to the table when the final stroke
lashed in. Making a superhuman effort she gripped the table edge with white
knuckles and though sobbing violently, held her position.

She was ordered to her feet and, with Stewart, told to dress again. For a while
she was safe from further punishment and had only to live with the deep
after-pain of the strapping.

Without further comment, Mrs McEwan and her daughter left the cellar. Mrs
Parsons took over.

"You two have just over an hour to get yourselves in the right frame of mind for
Miss Emma's project. Hopefully by then Gilpin will have stopped snivelling and
feeling sorry for herself. You can fill in time with some household
duties-follow me!"

They were both taken to a laundry room. Gilpin was shown a large pile of clothes
awaiting ironing and Stewart was told to accompany Mrs Parsons. She led him up
the stairs to her small flat at the rear. Once inside the bedroom she turned to
face him.

"I will give you some free advice Stewart. That girl is here for the amusement
of Mrs McEwan and her daughter and it just happens that their idea of amusement
is hurting people. With luck she will take most of the punishment for both of
you, provided you keep your nose clean and don't try to be a hero in protecting
her. Understood?"

What choice did he have he thought smartly snapping to attention and agreeing.

"Be co-operative Stewart, and this stay with us may even be enjoyable, at
times." She added reaching forward and cupping the bulge in his pouch between
her fingers.

She lingered there for some time gently squeezing and stroking; Stewart could
feel the expansion of his penis within the tight confines of the coarse
material. Was she for real or was she just setting him up for further pain he
wondered.

Suddenly the spell was broken as she removed her fingertips from his bulge.

"Right then, you can do some very personal laundry for me. In that tub is my
underwear for the last week or so, hand wash it in the laundry. "

Apprehensively Stewart opened the tub and reached in. He lifted out several bras
of different colours, a couple of suspender belts, some tights and about a dozen
pairs of full-sized panties. Gathering them up he went down with them to the
laundry room, hoping that neither Mrs McEwan or Miss Emma would see him and more
importantly, his  obvious arousal.

Gilpin had stopped crying and was well into ironing the mountain of washed
clothes when he returned. Stewart carefully arranged the housekeeper's underwear
into piles. The brassieres surprised him as they were of the support type and he
noted that the size, 36D was somewhat larger than he expected. Clearly Mrs
Parsons had hidden assets. The numerous panties were of a very conservative
style and size and fitted her dour Scots formality perfectly. This was not the
sort of woman to wear fripperies, as he should have guessed from her sensible
shoes. The usual scent of sweat and femininity hung over the piles but he was
relieved to see that the inner crotches of the panties, though far from
spotless, were an improvement on the panties that he had been obliged to wash at
the Centre.  He filled a large sink with hot water and detergent and went to
work on each item pondering how close he would be expected to get to their
wearer.

Sadly, he realised that the choice would not be his; his lack of sexual interest
in the dowdy woman would be immaterial. He was there to be used as any of them
saw fit at any time for anything. Washing their most intimate clothing might
well turn out to be one of the highlights of his stay with them. With that
thought uppermost in his mind, and his buttocks still throbbing from the
beating, he concentrated on the Housekeeper's soiled underwear.

The wall clock said 2.50pm when Mrs Parsons returned and told them they were to
follow her once again. She marched them outside in into a large barn at the rear
of the property. It had a brick floor with some extremely powerful lights set in
the roof that illuminated the entire area. Several waist high assorted benches
stood three feet apart in the centre. They were covered in the sort of mattress
that you would find on a pool recliner. Two rows of white garden chairs were
arranged at the foot of the benches. The mystified servants were told to stand
with their backs to the far wall and await instructions.

The sound of arriving vehicles broke the silence. The first to arrive was a
young lady who needed no introduction: Miss Charlotte. Dressed in her full
riding costume of boots, jodhpurs and white shirt she was accompanied by a very
contrite looking Daley and another prisoner. They were still dressed in their
prison schoolgirl uniforms but looked rather dishevelled and miserable. Like
Stewart and Gilpin they were told to stand over by the wall whilst Miss
Charlotte went in search of her friend Miss Emma. Open conversation was out of
the question, but from whispered questions it was clear that none of the
prisoners had any idea what was happening.

Another group arrived. This time it was a short buxom lady in her forties
wearing a tight fitting Nurses uniform. She had with her two other female
prisoners and, suprisingly, another male prisoner in a denim suit and T shirt.
They too were told to stand against the wall where they looked as mystified as
the others.

Miss Emma, also now dressed for riding, returned with Charlotte and greeted the
Nurse respectfully. Emma then stood in front of the prisoner/servants and
addressed them:

" You may be wondering what you are here for. It is very simple: I have decided
that you can be usefully employed in training a group of young students. They
are studying Human Biology at the local college and their teacher has asked that
we provide a practical class in the subject as an improvement on the present
method that relies on books, videos, wall charts and...no doubt a certain amount
of adolescent fumbling between themselves. You will follow the instructions of
the Nurse here who will be in charge. Any refusal to carry out an instruction,
any attempt to avoid any examination and any display of overt modesty on your
part will be punished immediately. Carry on please Nurse."

The nurse soon had them stripped off to their basic bra and panties with the
males wearing the regulation small pouches. She then had the five female
prisoners line up with their backs to one wall and the males line up on the
other side of the room. She produced a large black felt tip pen and went down
the line writing large numbers on their chests just below neck level. Stewart
was numbered 7. They then all had to turn around and lift their right foot to
the rear to have the numbers inscribed on the soles of their feet. They were all
puzzled by the choice of the site for the numbers.

It was clear that the females had been chosen for the varied body types and
ages. One prisoner who had arrived with the Nurse was in her forties, at least
five foot ten inches tall, heavily built with wide thighs and huge soft breasts
for which her brassiere provided little support. Another, barely twenty, short
slim with small breasts that made even the prison brassiere seemed too generous
in size. Large coloured wall charts showing Female Genitalia and another the
male genitalia were hung on two easels. The scene was set.

Another vehicle was heard to arrive outside. Miss Emma ushered in the group
which consisted of five young female students and five male. Stewart guessed at
their age group which was certainly not over twenty. They were dressed in some
sort of up-market school uniform, the males wearing shirts, ties and trousers
and the females white short sleeved blouses and dark blue skirts. All of them
clutched a clipboard covered in papers and They dutifully sat in the chairs and
the Nurse started the lecture:

"Welcome to the first of what we hope will be a radically new type of training
session for young people such as yourselves. Rather than follow the usual stuffy
and boring classroom techniques we have permission to use the live subjects that
you can see in front of you. You will be learning how to use them as training
aids and hope that you will soon overcome any embarrassment that you might feel.
As to the "aids" themselves, you have no need to concern yourself as to any
embarrassment, discomfort or distress that your use of them may cause. They are
all prisoners serving a sentence and will accept any degree of handling that you
may require and you do not need to be at all gentle with them. I should warn you
that most, if not all of them, will carry marks of a recent punishment. Indeed,
if there is any disobedience on their part during this class, it may be
necessary to discipline them in front of you. At the request of you Principal,
The lady students may handle prisoners of either sex, but the young gentlemen
need only handle the females. The lecture and practice will be split into two
major sections. Firstly we will be examining the subjects in great detail then
secondly will be requiring them to demonstrate any sexual practices or positions
that you might care to see. Naturally, if at any time one of you have a question
or wishes to examine anything in more detail, we will do our best to comply with
the request or suggestion."

The seminar started with the nurse calling forward the large female and Stewart.
They both stood in front of the class at the "present". Using a thin, shiny,
extending metal pointer the nurse indicated the rather obvious differences by
prodding both of them. She then posed the first question:

"What is the clothing difference that you can all see?"

One of the young males immediately put up his hand and when looked at replied
that both subjects wore a form of pants but only the female had her breasts
covered. The nurse nodded encouragingly and asked why that was bearing in mind
that other clothing would usually suffice to ensure modesty.

It was one of the female students who suggested that it was to provide support
for the breasts. Agreeing with her answer, the Nurse called all the underwear
clad females into a long line and commented on the different sizes that the
female breast could include. She then pointed to a tall, fair-haired young male
student and asked him to step forward and then arrange the female prisoners in a
line according to their apparent breast size. With some blushing he indicated
who was to stand where and had the tall large breasted female stand to the left
of the audience with the others dressed off to their right.

When he had resumed his seat the nurse gave the order:

"Jumping on the spot...begin!"

Well used to the exercise from the Correctional Centre, the line started to
bounce up and down on the balls of their feet, and their breasts started to
bounce in sympathy on their chests. This was always an exercise dreaded by the
larger girls as it had but one aim, to make you exercise your breasts until they
hurt. Fortunately however, their bras were providing some much appreciated
support as their boobs moved up and down.

The Nurse continued to speak as they exercised:

"As you can see the brassiere is designed to provide support, without which the
larger breasted females would now be experiencing some discomfort...and Stop!"

A collective sigh of relief went down the line. It silenced itself when the
Nurse selected another young male, short and rather spotty and told him to move
down the back of the line removing the brassieres. He started with No 5, the
only girl not in need of support. He fumbled with the fastenings and then
slipped the shoulder straps down pulling the cups round to the back as they fell
free.

The Nurse moved quickly to a position next to the blushing female and prodded
her with the pointer as she spoke:

"Here is the youngest prisoner, aged around twenty years, and co-incidentally
the one with the least developed breasts. Note the relatively large size of the
nipples and aerolea which would be more appropriate for a younger female before
the breast had fully developed. The  breasts themselves are embarrassingly small
but have the advantage of not causing the owner any discomfort during exercise.
As this young man seems to be having trouble with the brassiere clips, would you
young lady, please unfasten them from the rear so that he can remove the garment
from the front?"

A tall dark haired young lady stepped forward and was soon standing behind the
next female, No4 a thin blonde in her early twenties, unclipping her bra. The
male then soon pulled it free of the breasts and then stood back. Two reasonably
sized breasts were revealed but it was the near perfect conical shape that
created the interest in the room. Standing out well from the chest of the slim
girl they were capped by equally conical pink aerolea and large thick nipples.
The Nurse instructed the male student to excite the nubs with his fingertips.
Nervously he tweaked the nubs and with their owner crimson with embarrassment,
they engorged to almost an inch in length.

Number 3 in the line was Daley. Already blushing with the shame of parading her
short plump body in just her underwear she stared fixidly ahead as the clasp was
undone, the bra pulled down over her arms and the entire room able to stare at
her substantial breasts.

Swiftly they bared Gilpin's breasts, and following a few comments form the nurse
about their size and firmness, moved on to the large female. Here the breasts
were of a different size and consistency to any other in the room. They were
simply huge and pendulous, even with the support of the prison brassiere. It
took the students some time to unfasten the clasps and pull the material free of
the woman's chest. Her breasts flopped out and sagged down to a level with her
navel. Her aerolea were dark brown and over three inches in diameter so that
they hung nested against her ample stomach . Short and stubby nipples of the
same colour pointed down to the floor.

The nurse quickly snapped the line to attention, made a few comments about how
they would now demonstrate the support qualities for females of the brassiere
and gave the order:

"Jumping on the spot...BEGIN!"

From the thin girl with small breasts on the right, to the mature matron on the
left both the movement of the breasts and the anguish on their owner's faces
increased as the students eyes moved down the line. After only two minutes Daley
and Gilpin were obviously suffering as their breasts, at first moving in
synchronisation with their body, started to bounce and sway individually. No 1
in the line was in total distress with the huge jugs rippling and flopping
around almost pulling her off balance. The aerolea were bouncing free of her
torso only to come falling back to an even lower position with an audible slap.

Eventually the order to stop was given and the line of breathless females came
to a halt. The Nurses lecture continued.

"The lady students may be surprised that none of the prisoners stopped jumping
when her breasts became uncomfortable. Perhaps it might explain things if I
mentioned that they can all be punished on their breasts should they commit
certain offences and they may well believe, as I do, that an adverse report form
me for failing to exercise as ordered, could well result in a breast type
punishment.  I think that this would now be an opportune moment for you males to
all come forward and examine each female's breasts in turn. I shall expect you
each to assess the weight, firmness, erectness of the nipple and above all, the
sensitivity of each mammary. Feel free to grip and pinch as you see fit." She
turned back towards the line. "The prisoners will place their hands behind their
heads, elbows well back and lean forward from the waist at 45 degrees to
facilitate your inspections."

The females with the larger breasts now found that they hung down under their
own weight. The large woman could feel hers gently swinging as they awaited the
touch of the students. All too soon each prisoner had a male student grasping,
pinching and pulling their sensitive appendages. Each was handled extensively
and two of the young males were soon establishing their sadistic streak as they
made every effort to make the examination as uncomfortable and indeed as painful
as they could. The two prisoners with small breasts were soon left alone and
three of them concentrated on No 1.  A short chubby male knelt on the ground
under her and reached up to grasp  the large nipples firmly between his thumbs
and fingers. In pulling them down he steadied the whole breast so that his
colleague on each side could grasp the dangling breasts between both hands and
squeeze and shake them. When he released his grip, the other two grasped the
aerolea and amused themselves greatly by treating the breasts as udders, even to
making cow like sounds between their juvenile giggles.

Eventually the ordeal was over and they were allowed to stand upright again.
Each of the ten breasts on display were marked with angry pink blotches that
showed the effects of the students fingers and fingernails. The large girl had a
tear of humiliation running down her left cheek.

"We now move on to an examination of the female genitalia. I will demonstrate
what to look for with one of the females, and then we will break into individual
sessions with a prisoner available for each male student to examine thoroughly.
Finally each student will quickly examine all the other prisoners in turn to
observe the difference in individual genitals."

She then looked up and down the line until her eyes alighted on Daley.

"No 3, come over here." She ordered.

A nervous Daley stood in front of her and was told to remove her panties and
assume the present position. Without hesitation Daley stepped out of her last
garment, handed it to the nurse and spread her legs wide. The lecture began. "We
have here a female in her mid twenties, rather chubby but in good overall
condition. You will notice that she is not shaved around her crotch which is an
option at the behest of the Junior Wardess who is in charge of her. I am sure
that she will find this process rather embarrassing, but will raise no
objections, such is her level of training in obedience to orders. You may chose
your own position or positions for your subjects to assume on the tables but
today we will start with No3 lying on her back. Do not be inhibited or
distracted in any way by the marks of punishment that the prisoners may display.
For the time being, at any rate, that will not be of concern to you. Would you
now please put the surgical gloves on. "

A box of latex gloves was handed round and each male nervously struggled to put
them on. With a click of her fingers she pointed to the middle of the tables.
Daley climbed on to it and lay on her back with her legs closed. The Nurse
ordered her to raise her feet to the vertical and then lower them to a position
above her head. Even though her legs then parted she was told to widen them
fully so that her entire crotch would be blatantly exposed. Finally two of the
males were told to stand either side of the girls shoulders to support the feet
and knees pulling them apart ensuring that she remained displayed. The nurse
then ensured that the ceiling spotlight that illuminated between the girl's legs
was turned to maximum, and her ordeal commenced as the other three males
gathered around her. Each young man could be seen trying to adjust his now
rampantly erect penis to a position of greater comfort within his trousers.

Firstly the nurse pointed to the outer labia and commented on the tightness of
the opening, which had only started to part despite the girl's position. She
mentioned how at least one of the other subjects will be found to have
protruding labia minora even with her legs closed. Next her pointer ran down
between the thighs giving the anus a sharp jab. Two more of the young males were
told to stand on either side of Daley and grip the outer folds with their
fingers and thumbs then pull the labia apart. Their grip was unnecessarily firm
and Daley winced as the soft flesh was pinched. The she felt the cold air of the
room as her most private area was spread.

Coldly and professionally the Nurse pointed to each item in turn as the boys
watched. The labia majora, the frilly minora, the opening of the urethra,
prodding it with her pointer so that Daley gasped and lifted herself slightly,
the clitoral hood or and the clitoris itself. The latter she gently stroked with
the tip of her shiny pointer as she described its function to her blushing
class. Finally she pointed out the gland's of Bartholin then donned a pair of
gloves herself.

With the tip of her right forefinger she gently stroked the hood until the
clitoris itself was reluctantly engorged and peeped into view. Explaining how
the hood was the female equivalent of the male foreskin, she continued with the
gentle massage, pointing out the general wetness that was now making the exposed
area glisten. She also drew their somewhat rapt attention to the engorgement
that was taking place around the vaginal area.

The nurse used the moments of Daley's total vulnerability to humiliate her even
further. She ordered her to tell the students how self masturbation was banned
in the centre and how long she had gone without sex. She then had to explain how
she had been obliged to provide sexual services for the wardresses even though
she was not lesbian herself.

All the time the fingertip gently stroked her nub.

She was questioned by one of the students as to what happened if she refused to
provide sex. The now trembling girl explained that she would be strapped or
caned for any disobedience.

Daley tried to remain detached but found the nurses touch uncomfortably and
increasingly sensual. As the stroking increased in its rapidity she found
herself climbing the familiar sexual slope that had been denied to her for so
long, but just before reaching the very peak and achieving release, the nurse
suddenly stopped.


The Nurse then showed them how to locate the female "G" spot. They were
instructed in how to hold the finger and slide it into the vagina to locate the
spot. As she did this she closely watched Daley and noted her involuntary twitch
with her pelvis when the  area was located. Despite Daley's whispered requests
to stop she gently rubbed the spot until the girls hips were starting their
instinctive movement...and then stopped, leaving the girl breathing rather
erratically.

" The rest of your examination has to be done by feel," she commented, " and I
expect you to use at least two of your fingers to get a really good sense of
what the cervix feels like. You may or may not chose to lubricate yourself to
add to any natural lubrication that you may have generated, some of the females
will be tighter than others."

With that she bunched her four fingers together and with a skilled twisting
motion, wriggled them into Daley's vagina. There was no added lubrication and
Daley gave a muffled groan at the intrusion then lay back gritting her teeth as
the fingers flexed and stretched her sensitive opening.

The Nurse swiftly withdrew her fingers and went around the male group holding
the fingers under each nostril. She explained the smell as that of a healthy but
aroused female and told them to make sure that they checked all the other
females for the same scent. She then discarded her gloves and ordered each of
the five female prisoners to stand alongside a table.

"The male students will now have five minutes to examine individual prisoners in
whatever position they see fit on or over the table. The prisoners are reminded
that any disobedience to a student or reluctance to comply with his examination
requirements will be punished severely. This is not a routine medical
examination and each female must expect a certain amount of discomfort. Remove
your panties." She then turned towards the eager young men and, with a glance at
her watch, told them to start.

Most of the female prisoners would regard the next 30 minutes as the most
humiliating of all their time in the Centre. The young men fell into the role of
their superior with appalling ease and had them assume the most humiliating
positions as they groped, squeezed, poked and prodded their way around the
female's bodies. It was interesting to observe how often the large female was
made to kneel on all fours with her large breasts swinging beneath her and with
her heavy thighs parted to admit a young hand. The silence of the room was only
broken by the muttered commands of the males and the gasps, squeals and
exclamations through gritted teeth of the females.

A brief word of command from the Nurse:

"Change over!"

And the ordeal would start all over again with the breasts usually being the
first target. It became apparent that two of the males were determined to cause
as much pain and discomfort as possible whilst the other three all seemed to do
their best to sexually excite their victims. More than one sudden scream seemed
based on pleasure rather than pain as the circus continued.

Finally the Nurse called a halt and the shaking and dishevelled females were
told to stand with their backs to the wall. A smell of female musk pervaded the
room resulting in the female students, still in their chairs, wrinkling up their
pert noses in humorous distaste.

Casually the Nurse asked the students if there had been any cases of
disobedience with the female prisoners. As if expecting the question, the two
junior sadists complained that No4 had been slow and reluctant to follow their
orders. It only took a brief glance to the other three to have them nodding in
agreement. An awful silence fell upon the room as the Nurse pointed to the
offending girl, clicked her fingers and indicated that she was to move back to
the centre table.

Her pert pointed breasts trembled as she stood at attention awaiting the nurse's
next order. She was told to lay flat on her back on the table. Miss Charlotte
walked over to the table carrying a medium leather strap that she had collected
from somewhere. A brief discussion then took place between Charlotte, Emma and
the Nurse. The latter then spoke:

"You were warned girl, so you only have yourself to blame for this punishment.
Miss Charlotte and Miss Emma will now give you five strokes apiece with the
strap across the front of your thighs."

One male was asked to hold the girls ankles together and two more were asked to
hold her arms to her side and her shoulders down. Slowly and deliberately the
two young girls laid the strap across the plump soft upper thighs starting just
above the knees and culminating with a stinging slap from Miss Emma that just
touched the pouting labia of the victim. It was only the heavy and
enthusiastically applied grip of the students that held the whimpering girl to
the table.

Punishment over, the girl was sent, limping, to join the others and nervous
chatter broke out amongst the stunned female students.

The next announcement was the one that Stewart and the other male had been
dreading:

"We will now demonstrate how the male prisoner should be handled and examined.
Stewart, remove your thong and stand by the table."

To be continued.




Chapter 38.

With a nervous glance at each other, Stewart and the other male slipped off
their thong type pants and stood naked at the "present". The temperature within
the barn seemed to fall as they contemplated the five naked female prisoners
against the wall, the five excited young students, Miss Emma, Miss Charlotte,
Mrs Parsons and the Nurse. All were staring at their crotches with interest.

The younger male was fully erect, displaying the tightly cut foreskin favoured
by the Male Centre. Stewart, trying desperately to control himself, was only
half-erect. As the cool air reached his exposed glans however, the member
twitched its inexorable way to full tumescence. The Nurse addressed the
assembled females:

"I had hoped that we could start this lecture with these males demonstrating how
their organs look when not erect. Unfortunately they have insisted on displaying
themselves in this vulgar fashion so we will start from the position we are now
in, however, I trust that Miss Emma will deal with their lack of control in the
manner I showed her earlier?"

She glanced in the direction of the young lady who responded by nodding her head
in agreement. Emma calmly walked across to Stewart, held out the first two
fingers of her right hand so that they lay side by side, reached out to his
dangling scrotum and gave the contents a sharp tap with her fingertips. His
knees were still buckled trying to absorb the pain when he heard the grunt from
Nevitt the other male,  as he was dealt with.

The Nurse then questioned why Stewart had his foreskin pulled back, and on
hearing from Emma that this was "Mummy's" preference, expressed surprise that
she had not applied for a rigorous circumcision for the male. She then conceded
that by pulling the foreskin back into its normal position, the comparison
between the two examples would be most instructive.

In no time at all she had not only the five young female students ""gloved up"
but also Miss Emma and Miss Charlotte who also expressed a wish to participate.
The lecture started with the metal pointer being prodded around Stewart as the
nurse indicated the important male organs. With the aid of the wall chart she
then explained the way in which the organ became rigid. As she grasped his penis
and slid the foreskin back to its normal position, she mentioned the ways in
which a male could become aroused, even mentioning how certain smells could
result in an erection. She concluded that there was no substitute for "hands on"
experience and suggested that the seven females choose a male and then examine
him in a group. She pointed out that unlike their previous experience with their
boy friends, there was no need with the prisoners to be concerned about either
their modesty or discomfort. Not only did she recommend a firm grip to
adequately feel the male shape, but also to discourage any pleasant sensations
that could cause them further excitement or even pleasure.

Miss Emma and three of the students gathered round the other male. Miss
Charlotte and two students stood next to Stewart. Both males were ordered by the
nurse to kneel on all fours on the tables with knees and elbows well apart,
explaining that she preferred the "doggie" position for male examinations. The
bright overhead lights were pointed to illuminate the subjects and with a last
minute adjustment by the students of their latex gloves, the examinations
commenced.

Miss Charlotte went first. Stewart had previously been sneaking glances in her
direction and had taken in her large jodhpur encased thighs and rear with an
otherwise slim, almost flat-chested figure. Her horsey face with a large nose
was positively alight with excitement as the afternoon progressed. Her long hair
hung down her white shirted back from a clinch just behind her head Now she came
behind him and reaching between his legs, grasped his penis with her right hand.
He could sense her leaning down to look between his legs as she twisted the
organ to view it from all sides before snatching the foreskin up towards his
body. Then she gripped the swollen glans between her finger and thumb tips and
squeezed and twisted again. Despite the tip being well lubricated she managed to
use her nails to grip him through their rubber covering.

"When did you last have an ejaculation Boy?" she enquired. Stewart, looking
straight ahead explained that he had a sample taken as part of a DNA test some
time ago. Without any hesitation she then continued her mental examination by
asking him how often he masturbated in the prison. Stewart fought the natural
instinct to tell the young minx to go to hell and replied, as politely as he
could, that it was forbidden for any prisoner and that it was an automatic
thrashing offence if he did.

Hearing that snippet of information Charlotte changed her technique and gripping
the penis in her fist, she started to slowly rub it up and down causing an
immediate surge of pleasure.

"Isn't there a risk of one of these males getting overexcited while being
examined and...well...having a little accident?" enquired Miss Charlotte to the
nurse.

"If either of them dared to be as disgusting as that I would simply telephone
their respective Centre and ask for a wardress to come round and administer an
immediate thrashing," snorted the nurse, " after which they would be too
terrified to ever ejaculate again!"

Stewart was almost relieved when the sensuous rubbing stopped but then
immediately concerned when the nimble fingers were transferred to his scrotum.
At first the girl confined herself to an almost gentle touching of his sac with
both sets of fingertips, but she soon became emboldened by her new found
authority and started to examine the contents. A muffled groan from the other
table told Stewart that Miss Emma was slightly ahead in her search but then he
felt Charlottes fingertips locate both testes, pull them apart and start to roll
them firmly and uncomfortably as she examined them all round by touch. Stewart
had to give Charlotte the credit for merely exploring his most sensitive items
and not deliberately inflicting as much pain as she could. Had she so wished she
could have applied real pressure and had him perform a jumping jack manoeuvre
off the table. Even so, the detailed and thorough examination of the entire
surface of each bulb was bad enough and the fear of receiving an almighty jolt
of cramping agony at every second was forever with him.

She released both testicles and gave the rest of the contents of the scrotum her
attention following the tubing almost into his body cavity. She finally
indicated that she had finished with an almost friendly cupping of the dangling
scrotum.

Her place was immediately taken by one of the students. He was unable to see
which one but could assess her technique with ease. She appeared nervous and
apprehensive, holding his exposed glans gently between her fingertips, touching
and stroking with a worrying gentleness that, if continued too long, would cause
Stewart a real problem with his self-control.

As her confidence grew, she reached through with her other hand so that one held
his upper shaft between finger and thumb tips whilst the other started to
explore. She obviously had long nails and the tip of one could be felt through
the latex as it located and then probed his urethral opening. His haunches
flexed as the sharp pointed tip probed deeper into the sensitive opening, then
suddenly, her other nails gripped around the rim of the glans like claws,
digging into the sensitive groove to achieve a purchase. Now she had him and the
wandering nail was used to probe and hurt his slit.

His relief when the penis tip was released was short lived. The same sadistic
fingertips were now transferred to the scrotum. She initially followed Miss
Charlottes example and firmly examined both bulbs, but then her nails were again
used to cause him pain as each testicle was held by the fingers of one hand
whilst the cruel nail tips of the other prodded and scraped the surface. It was
now Stewart who did the gasping and moaning as he struggled to remain in
position. At one point the nurse felt obliged to order him to keep still and
stop complaining.  With a quick shake of the scrotum the girl changed places
with the next student.

The other two students were gentler with him. This brought the danger that the
softer touch, if continued for too long, could bring about an ejaculation. So
Stewart was forced to concentrate on everything under the sun to retain control.
As the last female released her grip, the Nurse commenced another of her
lectures using her pointer to indicate on the wall chart where their interest
should be directed.

" One more physiological difference to be examined ladies, and that is the
location of the male prostate gland. I will let you read up your notes on the
functions of that equipment at you leisure, but for now I want you to be able to
locate it inside the appropriate cavity. I will require you to firstly carry out
a digital exploration of the female rectum then to repeat the process with
Stewart here. That way the gland should be easy for your fingers to detect. I
recommend that you use two fingers and you probe them up to you knuckles.
Naturally this will be both humiliating and uncomfortable for our subjects, but
that need be of no concern to you".

She then instructed the male students to place a table next to the one Stewart
occupied and ordered a blushing Gilpin to mount it and to adopt the same
position. They were then both ordered to lower their shoulders until their
chests touched the table and to thrust their rears backwards. Grasping a large
tube of some lubricant, she applied a generous dollop between their buttock
cheeks advising her students to ensure that they covered their gloved fingers
before attempting penetration.

Miss Charlotte went first and stood between the two tables. Stewart heard a
gentle squelching sound followed by a gasp of pain from Gilpin. The observers
watched as the girls rectum was invaded with two finger of Miss Charlottes left
hand causing her to gasp and squirm. Next her right hand parted Stewart's cheeks
and with a sudden thrust, first one of her fingers then two pushed into the
tight anus and commenced a search.

An involuntary gasp from between Stewart's clenched teeth indicated a bull's eye
by Charlottes probing fingers. She examined the form and shape of the gland as
she felt the same empty area within the female. Despite his embarrassment,
Stewart felt the surge of discomfort mixed with pleasure as she firmly rubbed
the area for some time until extracting her digits with a soft "plop" from both
subjects.

There now followed the long line of curious females, each forcing an entry with
little thought to the effect upon the wretched subjects. Having achieved entry,
they then carried out a more thorough probing, pressing and in one case, vicious
scratching of the area, a sharp nail having split the latex of the glove.

As the last student removed her slippery gloves, discarding them into the
waiting bin, the nurse gave each sore and spread anal cleft a brisk clean with a
handful of astringent wet-wipes. Stewart and the girl were then told to climb
down from the tables and line up with the other prisoners against the wall
awaiting the next call forward. The nurse then resumed her lecturing style:

"We now move onto the demonstration of the various methods used to sexually
excite the two sexes and prepare them for intercourse. We will only be
mentioning the major techniques as I am sure that you will all develop your
individual skills and style. We will start with manual stimulation of the
various erotic areas. Prisoners 1 and 6 to the front!"

The large mature woman and the other male moved swiftly to the front of the
class and adopted the present position.

"Prisoner 1 will remain in position and prisoner 6 will demonstrate manual
stimulation of the breasts from behind the subject," commanded the nurse.

The young male stood behind the female, reached round under her breasts and
started to lift and gently squeeze the large mounds. Then he started a firm
rubbing with the palms of his hands that worked all around and over the breasts.
The large nipples swelled and filled as the gentle massage progressed. What
couldn't be seen by the audience was the way in which the female could feel the
rigid pole of his penis separate and probe the crevice between her ample
buttocks and the way she was desperately and humiliatingly aware of how her
secret secretions were beginning to flow.  The nurse dismissed them to the wall
position and spoke again:

"From the rather evident erections displayed by the male subjects, I don't need
to waste time demonstrating male genital stimulation! So we can move quickly on
to stimulation of the female genitalia. No 2 on the table, on your back legs
wide and feet drawn up to your thighs. No 7 stand to the left of the table."

Gilpin, suffused with the red blush of embarrassment took up the position and
Stewart stood at her side. Both male and female students were told to close in
to ensure they had a good view of the proceedings. The nurse's order was plain
and simple: He was told to use his fingers to bring her to an orgasm. Looking
down at the indecently illuminated and shaved crotch he pondered for a second on
how best to start. Then gently, he started to rub his fingertips up and down the
protruding inner labia feeling the sensitive skin ripple under his touch.
Gilpin's twitching thighs went unnoticed by everyone apart from Stewart who
gradually transferred his attentions to the upper part of the vulva.

A glance at Gilpin's face would have revealed her mounting excitement but all
eyes were firmly fixed between her spread legs. Stewart's fingers had by now
started to ease the lips of the vulva apart. A nub of pink flesh could be seen
leaving it's protective shield and the tip of his middle finger brushed against
it then pressed and rubbed more firmly. The same digit then pushed itself
between the inner lips and into the vaginal canal searching, searching then
suddenly finding the girl's G spot. Gilpin gave an involuntary flex of her
thighs and parted her already spread legs even further. Stewart rewarded her by
gently but positively massaging the spot with the tip of his finger for several
seconds then suddenly withdrawing and concentrating on the very centre of her
being, the now erect clitoris. At first he tantalised the spot by the lightest
of touches, then he increased to pressure of the fingertip until Gilpin started
a rythmic movement of her lower body. Two minutes later a low groan started to
form in her throat. Suddenly, the sharp order to stop was heard which Stewart
immediately obeyed, leaving the female on the end of his fingers wide eyed with
shock as she fell down the wrong side of the orgasmic slope.

The next tableau the nurse set up was the use of female body parts to achieve a
male orgasm. No 1 was called to the fore and Mrs Parsons, until then skulking in
the shadows came forward with a bottle of oil. She poured a generous amount
between the large swinging breasts as Stewart was told to lie on his back on a
table. Under the nurse's directions the woman then leant over him and, gripping
a breast in each hand, held his firm penis between the two and started a sensual
oil massage. The pressure of the breasts soon stripped the foreskin back so that
the oiled silkiness could slide against the bare glans. The grip on his member
was minimal but the sensation soon had him arching his back in an attempt to
increase his pleasure by thrusting into the oiled breast skin. With practised
skill and knowledge the nurse knew the exact second to call the woman off
leaving Stewart humping thin air. Without any warning she then suddenly slapped
a plastic bag of ice cubes over and around his scrotum commenting to her
audience that this was the human equivalent of throwing a bucket of cold water
over a rutting dog. The dog and water analogy was not followed however in that
she left the ice bag in place, instructing him not to move.

The nurse transferred her attention to the young male. She had him replace the
thong like pants but inserted another ice bag into them pulling them up tight so
the his scrotum would remain chilled. The she soon had a very reluctant Daley,
kneeling in front of him, demonstrating oral sex. She had refused the first
order and Mrs Parsons appeared from the back of the room to lay six hard lashes
with the strap from her belt across the back of Daleys thighs as she knelt
upright. From then on she took the large circumcised penis between her lips with
almost an enthusiastic fervour. Acting on the nurse's instructions, Daley first
had to demonstrate gentle licking and washing around the naked knob which had
the young male feeling grateful for the numbing effects of the ice, even though
it was causing a deep and increasing ache to his testicles. Then she had her
demonstrate her ability to accept the penis to its full depth. As Daley later
confided to Stewart, she had always had problems doing this with her boyfriends
and it took three or four strokes of the strap across her shoulders to nudge her
head forward until she was obliged to breathe through her flared nostrils.
Having given four or five good head movements, the nurse called a halt before
even the ice could lose its effect.

Both Stewart and the other male were then used with Gilpin and the older female
respectively to demonstrate the various positions for normal heterosexual
intercourse. Stewart by now had the ice held in place by the tight thong lifting
his erection even higher. All four were on two tables. The females were first
given condoms that they had to fit over their partner's penis. Surrounded by
Charlotte, Emma and the students they started with the "missionary", reversed
positions then went to the "doggie" and so forth. In each position they had to
achieve full penetration, then on command thrust in and out four times. By now
both males were concentrating more on the dull ache in their scrotum, rather
than giving or receiving pleasure or even feeling unduly humiliated. They both
knew however, that without the ice they would both have ejaculated at some
point. Each time they penetrated to female, the warm slippery reception and the
pelvic reply to their measured thrusts took them to a new high.


Eventually the position display came to an end and the two flushed couples told
to climb down. The males were then told to lay down on their backs on the table
and the nurse spoke to the room:

"A little finale for our lecture today in which we will see the results of a
male orgasm".

Daley was selected to attend to Nevitt and the slim younger girl to Stewart.
Having been ordered to remove the condoms, both females had to hold their hands
out for a generous helping of thin colourless oil that was also poured over the
rampant organs. The nurse continued:

"I intend that this demonstration should reward effort and punish a lack of
effort. The first male who loses control and spurts will be beaten and the
female who achieves that result will not."

She waited a moment for the implication to sink in. The males would need to
control themselves and the females would need them to loose that control. All
four candidates looked nervous as they pondered on their chances of being the
lucky pair who would escape a strapping. Certainly Daley, with her thighs and
back already throbbing became determined to win.

The girls positioned themselves to the side of the men and leaning over their
waists, right hands poised above their targets and dripping oil. The order to
start was given and both Daley and the other female rapidly grasped a penis and
began a frantic masturbation of that organ. Stewart found that the girl rubbed
at a frantic pace with real fear in her eyes. Mercifully she lacked experience
and concentrated mainly on the shaft which, allied with him trying to think of
every non-sexual thing he could, kept the dreaded loin surge at bay.

Daley, on the other hand, though pumping hard, knew how to keep her clenched
fist a little slack and for it to take in the shiny glans on every stroke.
Nevitt too lacked the experience of the older man and after a minute made the
mistake, the fatal mistake, of looking at the plump sweating female as she
worked. He saw the firm bouncing breasts, the swollen nipples and the damp shiny
body. Even worse he scented the smell of girl-sweat and the desperate need to
empty his balls began to overtake him. Suddenly, the need to ejaculate filled
his mind and excluded all other thoughts and fears. His body arched in a bow
and. As Daley skilfully responded by concentrating her bunched fingers around
the throbbing tip the fluid spurted high into the air before falling down on his
handmaidens hair and face. She was so relieved that she didn't seem to notice it
running down her hot face.

The order to stop had to be shouted twice, before the hand gripping Stewart's
organ released its fierce grip. The poor girl was breathless and stood, with her
slim shoulders slumped, awaiting the results of her failure with the resignation
that only the prisoner can know.

The nurse opened a general discussion on how severe that punishment was to be.
Miss Emma pointed out that masturbation was a thrashing offence in their prison
life and that in loosing control it could be argued that Nevitt had carried out
that offence. When one of the female students suggested slapping his testicles
with the strap a ripple of laughter ran round the room. It did not include
either male prisoner.

Eventually it was agreed that Nevitt would have to take ten hard ones across his
backside and the girl eight across the backside and two across the hand that had
offended. The male went first and was told to lay face down, spread eagle, along
the table. One of the female students was appointed to each limb to restrain it
during the beating. Finally, Mrs Parsons approached with a sour smile and the
heavy punishment strap.

She looked down at her victim. Nevitts buttocks were firm, well muscled and
clearly capable of accepting heavy punishment. Faded bruises indicated a
previous discipline with the cane. He was an obvious recalcitrant who would
benefit from her strong right arm. She addressed the audience in her Scottish
accent:

"As you can see I will be using this heavy weight strap on him rather than the
lightweight one on my belt. It has been well oiled to ensure that its weight is
at the optimum so you ladies holding his arms and legs had better get a good
grip as he will really feel this."

So saying, she raised the strap well over her right shoulder, paused, and
brought it down over the centre of the rump. The impact caused his entire body
to shudder even though he was able to contain the pain without struggling. The
next one, delivered to the same spot came down with the sort of grunt normally
associated with tennis players as Mrs Parsons got into her stride. The third
elicited two exclamations, the one from Mrs Parsons emphasising the effort
behind the stroke and the second, from Nevitt, indicating the effectiveness of
it.

The strapping continued with the level of the housekeeper's grunts remaining
constant but with the level of Nevitt's reaction becoming increasingly strident
as stroke after stroke lashed across the same band of flesh. The pale skin was
already showing signs of bruising through the increasingly scarlet hue and even
the students holding him were starting to look sympathetically in the direction
of the woman causing the pain. Mrs Parsons was not a lady to change her mind,
the punishment had been ordered and the punishment would be inflicted.

The only mercy that she showed him was that, at least, she laid the strokes on
fairly rapidly with the final one slamming down less than a minute after the
first. His limbs were released and he was allowed to reach behind and rub the
area in an attempt to relieve some of the pain.

Breathing heavily she then looked at the terrified female, pointed to another
table and said but one word:

"UP!"

Her victim was shaking and rooted to the spot. All five of the male students
were soon around her and half dragged, half carried the naked girl to the table
where they soon had her spread eagle and secure. Mrs Parsons looked down at her.
She was slim to the point of being thin with small tight buttocks. The strap
would be overly severe across the smaller target, but once again, if a
punishment has been ordered, it was her job to inflict it without worrying about
the justification or severity. She laid on the eight strokes with cold
disinterest. Her continuing exclamations alone indicated that no mercy was being
shown and her only concession to the wretched girl was that she started at the
top of the buttocks and worked her way down rather than concentrate on one area.
The girl shrieked with shock and pain at every one and even with a slight
overlay, just five strokes covered her entire buttocks. To the victim they felt
aflame and to the witnesses they appeared a bright crimson colour. With a nod of
her head, she instructed the males holding the pencil-like legs apart, to close
them. The last three would have to be across the thighs.

When she was released the girl could only whimper and seemed to lack the energy
to even massage her stripes. Mrs Parson's offer of giving her the next two
strokes across the same area galvanised her into sliding off the table and
standing next to it. She was shaking from head to toe with red eyes and tears
running down her face. Her small pert breasts were wet with tears and her
nipples were embarassingly erect from contact with the punishment table. She had
of course, been beaten on many occasions at the Correctional Centre but each had
seemed to be worse that the previous and Mrs Parson's application had been no
exception.

Somehow she managed to hold her dainty feminine palm out and, against all her
instincts, keep it still as the cruel strap lashed into it. It took her a
superhuman effort with eyes closed and teeth clenched to keep it there waiting
the second agonising lash. But somehow she managed it.

That was it, the session was over and the prisoners were left to put on their
clothing as the students, the nurse, Miss Charlotte and Miss Emma accompanied
the housekeeper into the main house for refreshment.

Within half an hour they had all departed leaving Stewart and Gilpin with Miss
Emma, wondering what the rest of the day held for them. He wondered what
Charlotte had in mind for Daley as she was driven away in the back seat of that
bitches 4WD. It was to be several days before Daley would be able to tell him.

Stewart toyed with the idea of asking Mrs Parsons for permission for them both
to shower. The afternoons activities had left them both dishevelled and in sore
need of a cleansing wash. Gilpin had no choice other that to continue wearing
Mrs McEwan's and Emma's soiled laundry but a shower would have helped freshen
her up in every sense of the word. Given the mood that the housekeeper was in
however, he thought it better to keep his head down. They were set to work
polishing boots in the tack room and at around seven were called into the
kitchen by Mrs Parsons for an evening meal.

Following the meal they were allowed to go for a walk in the grounds. It was
unbelievably relaxing for them both to be away from shouted orders and
humiliating indignities, just two people walking in the countryside. Stewart
apologised for being obliged to penetrate her in all the different positions
earlier, not to mention his manual masturbation of her, but Gilpin shrugged it
off. She thought that they were both lucky to escape without the savage beating
that the others had received and then grinning, said that she only wished that
he had been allowed to complete the job and not pull out every time. She
admitted that humiliating as it was, she had been turned on several times that
afternoon and that a decent bath was needed if Miss Emma's panties were not to
finish up in a worse state than they were already!

Temptation! Stewart literally ached to take her behind a barn or find some other
secluded place but both of them knew that the chances of getting caught were
high and the punishments would be draconian. Just then they heard the sound of a
car horn, the pre-arranged signal from Mrs Parsons to return to the house.
Breathlessly they ran in to the kitchen. Gilpin was told to report to Mrs
McEwan's bedroom and Stewart to Miss Emma's...at the double... as they were
already late.

Stewart hurried up to the room, knocked and heard the order to enter. Miss Emma
sat at her dressing table still dressed in her riding jodhpurs and boots but
with her shirt thrown casually on the floor and just a support bra on her upper
body. She turned towards him and told him to kneel on the floor. She then stood
and walked over so that she almost leaned over him. The room was full of a
gentle perfume that invaded his senses. This attractive young female was within
inches of his hardened penis and yet she could have been on the moon for all the
chance he had of even touching her. He was concerned about where he should look,
so took the safe option and focussed on the toes of the shiny boots that he had
earlier polished.

"You had an easy time of it this afternoon Stewart, at least, compared with the
two that had to be thrashed. I suppose that it can't be easy for you to maintain
control when you haven't had it for so long, perhaps I should have you strip off
and see if I can get the result that your lady friend couldn't. I'm sure that
Mrs Parsons could deal with you- if, "  then she smiled,  "rather, when, you
lost control !  On the other hand I could give you some personal work to do such
as giving me a body massage to make you even more randy. Look at my face boy!"

Stewart looked up into the young eyes, trying not to look at the jutting
breasts. He could see no hope for any kindness or understanding. Here was a
female who revelled in power and it was just his bad luck to be the nearest
available male. Suddenly her attitude changed.

"Fortunately for you I have to go out this evening. I don't even have time to
let you assist me in getting ready so report to mummy's room in case she needs
your services".

With that she turned her back and resumed her seat at the dressing table.
Relieved, Stewart silently left the room.

He located  "mummy's" room and knocked. The voice responded asking who it was
and Stewart passed his name. There was a long pause then he was told to go in.
Mrs McEwan stood in an almost transparent designer dressing robe. Various
clothes were scattered about the room.

"What in the hell do you want boy?" she enquired.

Stewart explained that he had been sent by her daughter to see if she had any
duties for him. She sniffed disdainfully and nodded to a corner. There stood a
naked Gilpin with her back to the room. Fresh red marks of a hand could been
seen on her rump and thighs and her pitiful clothes lay in a heap next to her.

"I already have this disobedient little slut serving me thanks. She is refusing
to acknowledge my authority over her at the moment but I'm working on it. Do you
know what I want her to do to acknowledge my authority Stewart?"

Stewart said that he did not.

"All she has to do is to pay me lip service in three places to show that she
accepts me as her mistress. Which reminds me, you have still to demonstrate your
obedience, perhaps I should get you to demonstrate how it should be done?"

It seemed a simple idea, but Stewart knew that for Gilpin to have refused, it
must involve something unpleasant. He knew that he had no choice and muttered
words to the effect that he would do as he was told.

"Good boy! Gilpin-face this way and watch how it should be done."

She sat on the bed, raised her right foot and told Stewart to respect it with
his tongue. Relieved at the relative simplicity of the order Stewart slavishly
licked the entire foot including the underside and between the delicate toes
taking care hot to look up the leg. Suddenly the foot was removed from his hands
and replaced with the other. This was still damp, presumably from Gilpin's
tongue. As he licked the wet toes he wondered why she had failed in a relatively
simple duty. Then he found out.

Without any pre-amble Mrs McEwan stood up, threw off the negligee and stood
naked in front of him. She was a little matronly in build but still had a firm
well shaped body that most men would die to get their hands on. She gave a short
order:

"Respect my backside boy!"

With that she knelt on the bed, hindquarters up-thrust. So that was it, thought
Stewart, he certainly had no hesitation in obeying if that is all it took to
avoid a thrashing. He had to do it in the Centre and at least Mrs McEwan looked
clean and fresh. He knelt behind her, parted her plump cheeks with his hands and
exposed her womanly anus. The area was a little sweaty and with more hair than
he expected but there his target nestled. About an inch in diameter brown and
puckered. He extended his tongue and proceeded to lick the area above taking
care to gently scrub the coarse anal hair thoroughly.

Then he transferred his attention to the lower cleft where the denser hair
sprouted. Carefully, thoroughly and he hoped, respectfully, he licked as if his
life depended upon it. Gradually and slowly working his now tender tongue
towards the target itself. This was clearly a lady straight from the bath he
thought to himself as he finally reached and licked the very centre of the anus
to demonstrate his sibmission.. At first he tantalised the sensitive tissue then
became more bold and pressed his tongue against the centre pinpoint until it
yielded and opened slightly allowing the tip to enter.

At this point the lady's hips started to move and with some control she ordered
him to stop and stand by the bed. As he stood he glanced at Gilpin who looked at
him with a mixture of fury and disgust. This did not faze Stewart in any way
other than alert him to his own surprise as to his new found subservience. He
pondered only briefly on Gilpin's stupidity in being prepared to take a
thrashing for disobedience knowing full well that it would have to happen
anyway.

Mrs McEwan regained her composure despite a healthily flushed face. She dressed
in the flimsy negligee and went into an adjoining room where Stewart could hear
the muffled sound of a telephone conversation, she then returned with a smile
and spoke:

"Well done Stewart, you have certainly provided this slut with a first rate
example of how to show respect to your superiors. I am impressed and I believe
that you deserve a little credit. You are to go down to the punishment room that
you attended with me earlier in the day where you will find Mrs Parsons waiting
with certain disciplinary equipment. She will inform you what is to happen and
you are to take that information as a direct order from me, is that understood?"

Stewart's heart sank, so much for her showing her thanks. He was to be given to
that sadistic Scottish bitch, no doubt to be used and thrashed on her whim and
he couldn't do a thing about it. Even Gilpin was grinning at his reward. His
face must have registered his apprehension because, as he left the room, Mrs
McEwan spoke again.

"Stewart, you are in for the surprise of your life. When I see you again you
will be a changed man!"

With heavy feet Stewart knew he had no choice and trudged towards his fate. The
only hope he had was gone, but what on earth did she have planned for him. Would
he be able to submit to the hatchet faced woman, or would he fall into the same
trap that Gilpin had?

He was not to know that it would be an experience that few males in his position
could ever hope for.

To be continued.




Chapter 39.

It was several days before Stewart had the opportunity to enquire how badly
Daley had fared in the hands of Miss Charlotte. It took some time for the story
to unfold as she was still in a state of fury at the way she had been used, not
only by the "stuck-up young kid" but also by her "bastard" of a father. Neither
of them appeared to have had any concern for her as a person. She was just there
it would seem, for them to use as they wished. He found that recounting his
truly amazing experience with Mrs Parsons seemed to break the ice, and encourage
her to overcome her wide-eyed fascination with his story in recounting her own.

Daley's story started when the prisoners used for the sexual demonstration were
dismissed to their owners:

Miss Charlotte got into the driving seat, and looking into the driving mirror,
she studied Daley's face. She had not been given permission to wash so her face
and dishevelled hair still showed evidence of her manual skill with Nevitt.

"A very educational afternoon, and rather amusing in places too, wouldn't you
agree girl?"

Daley sat in the middle of the cold leather seat.  She had redonned her rather
skimpy attire and as instructed was sitting on her palms, legs wide apart.  "Yes
Miss."  She replied.

"Yes, I think the boy had some fun, well, at least one of them did.  I can see
it must have been a little frustrating for you girls.  Perhaps we can remedy
that later this week"

Charlotte started the car smirking at her words, knowing that they would have
done nothing to put Daley's mind at rest. As they drove Daley reflected on the
past few hours.  They had been particularly shaming, full of humiliation pain
and, yes frustration.  But worst of all had been the feeling of total
powerlessness as more and more degrading acts took place.  One of the men had
finally been allowed to ejaculate, but leading up to it had not been enjoyable
for them with the painful testicle flicks and the bags of ice used to postpone
their moment of coming. The intimate examinations had been bad enough, but the
demonstration of oral sex had required the use of the leather strap to encourage
her participation.  The only saving grace for the prisoners selected to give the
intercourse demonstrations was, that having assumed the required positions, they
only had to perform a few thrusts before freezing. Then the students were
allowed to closely examined their bodies before watching them move into an even
more personal action.  The session had left her not only totally humiliated but
also the most frustrated she had ever been. And here they were, on their way
back to Charlotte's home. Given her very personal interest in the girl-prisoner,
there was undoubtedly more pain and degradation to come.

It was not long before the tyres crunched on the gravel drive and Charlotte
drove the car round to the stable block.

"OK, playtime is over and now I have some work for you.  Through that door
girl".  Charlotte indicated a double door that led into a large barn.  Daley
entered and discovered a sawdust covered arena clearly used for training horses.

"I rather enjoyed putting you through your paces at the correctional facility
but I regretted not to have the opportunity to school you properly.  Well now I
have the chance.  Strip girl and go and stand on that straw bale.  Daley didn't
hesitate, removing her clothes and underwear and mounting the straw bale before
taking up the expected present position. Miss Charlotte retrieved her riding hat
from a hook and put it on to complete her riding dress.

"You will no doubt be grateful to know the centre has your education fully to
heart.  Prior to your arrival they sent me these toys. "  Charlotte held up a
tangle of thin leather cords which Daley immediately recognised as the very
uncomfortable understrap she had been made to wear on her last meeting with this
she-devil.

 "Legs apart!" 

Charlotte fitted the girth tightly around Daley's waist and pulled it tight
between her legs.  "On your back girl, legs up and apart" Daley lay back on the
bale displaying all the personal parts that had so recently on view to the
students.  Charlotte carefully arranged the knots to cause the greatest
irritation on her anus, perineum and directly on the clitoris.

 "Not finished yet girlie.  This is called a leading rein.  We use it on horses
to control them as they trot around this schooling arena.  We usually attach it
to a bit, so open wide while I buckle this around your neck".  Daley opened wide
as a serrated metal bit was placed between her teeth, then pulled back into the
edges of her tender mouth as the leather neck strap was done up to hold it in
place. Her jaw was forced open and the taste of the metal and some sort of
disinfectant lay on her depressed tongue.

"Right girl," said Charlotte," as she attached the leading rein to her head,
"only one more thing to do".  She forced Daley's arms behind her back and
strapped them wrist to elbow, a position that kept her chest pointed out and
limited any use of hand or arms for balance.

"What I expect from you is a high stepping action around this ring.  I will use
this carriage whip to encourage you.  And ...walk on...."

Daley felt an agonising sting on her right buttock as the lead pellet at the end
of the carriage whip bit into her.  She immediately started high stepping in a
circle around the edge of the floor as Charlotte, standing dead centre and
holding the leading rein in one hand, used the whip to encourage a higher and
faster gait. It was not long before she had Daley trotting, then cantering
around the floor, then a final slash to get her doing two circuits at the gallop
before allowing her to pause for a rest. 

"You might think you are fit girl, but you have a long way to go yet."

Charlotte allowed Daley a few moments rest while she set up a selection of low
jumps around the perimeter of the ring. She stood in a half squat to relieve the
pressure of the understrap, with her mouth dribbling saliva from around the bit.
The flicks from the riding whip always seemed to hit one of the sore swathes
from her earlier strapping.

"Up you get, girlie!"

Daley stood as Charlotte then opened a small wooden box.  Inside was a pair of
vicious looking nipple clamps, along with a selection of weights.

"I think we can start of with these four ounce ones, unfortunately I can only
keep your nipples clamped for around 15 minutes at a time but they are certainly
firm enough to hold them up."

Daley braced for the pain as the clips were attached directly to her delicate
teats and then gasped as the weights were allowed to drop.



"OK Daley, still high stepping but when you come to a jump you will rise over it
as high as you can. I don't accept "refusals" from my horses and I certainly
won't from you!"

Daley commenced her second run but faltered as she came to a wooden jump.  The
stinging pellet caught her just under the overhang of her bottom and encouraged
her to pick up the pace again and make it over the jump.  A repetition of the
sharp sting of incentive at just the right time before the next hurdle convinced
her that Charlotte was an expert in schooling horses and obviously didn't
believe in training by kindness. By then the pain from her nipple rings had
merged with the agony from the chaffing understrap.


The two women spent an hour in total; one enjoying the schooling and the other
wishing the earth would swallow her up.  The finale was a run through the horse
bath, which was not only cold and foul smelling, but deep enough to cover
Daley's head.  Only the insistent tug of the leading rein got her through the
deep bath and back to dry land.

"Very mediocre.  Obviously we will need to try that again tomorrow. We will then
see if the heavier nipple weights encourage you more" Charlotte removed the
clamps and Daley almost doubled up as the agony of blood returning into the
flattened nipples.

"Clearly girl, your self control is in need of a lot of training as well as
everything else. I haven't even begun to train you for dressage with a really
strict regime. In the meantime stand to the present and do not move!"

Daley struggled to meet the position, tears of pain trickling from her eyes. 
Charlotte studied her with a malicious gleam in her eyes.  She had put Daley
through far more than she had expected to be able to do.  Her parents had warned
her not to overdo things with her first ever servant and she had tried not to,
but somehow, it was hard to stop.  It was purely Daley's physical fitness and
ability to stand punishment that had carried her this far.  Charlotte sensibly
decided that the time had come to call a halt - for the moment at least.  As
Daley trembled in the present Charlotte undid all the harness and the damp
understrap and put them aside until next needed.

She allowed Daley some time to recover and then instructed her to take a shower,
wash her hair and body and make her way to the house kitchen.

15 minutes later Daley arrived, still naked not having had instructions to
dress.  Her bruised, red nipples were clearly evident as were the sore, chafed
areas at the top of her legs to front and rear.  However frustrated she may have
felt earlier in the day the understrap had rubbed away any thought of illicit
masturbation.

As she entered the kitchen she saw her fellow prisoner on hands and knees
scrubbing the kitchen tiles, her long hair hanging in lank, sweaty strands.  Her
clothing consisted of a cropped T-shirt and high cut knickers, which showed off
the numerous weals on her thighs and buttocks.  The leather tabbed riding crop
on the kitchen sink indicated the cause. Charlotte was waiting:

 "Come in girl and don't be shy.  My mother believes that any servant has to
earn their keep, but now that we can use you prisoners for the work, she will
expect nothing but total effort.  Normally, there is a standard list of chores
awaiting you but on this occasion you have been give to me to supervise. Your
colleague will therefore have the work of two to deal with.  No real hardship,
she will have to sweat a bit that's all.  Follow me"

She tried to give her fellow prisoner a glance of apology, but the woman was too
tired to even raise her head. The girl was only too aware that in addition to
serving a meal and providing any amusement that might be required, a full
evening of drudgery awaited. And tomorrow would be the same.

Daley followed her young mistress up the stairs to a large attractive bedroom. 
More horsey than feminine there was nonetheless evidence of female occupation
with clothes scattered around the room and spilt make-up on the floor. Charlotte
turned towards her.

"First we'll dress you and then you can clean and tidy this room while I have
dinner.  I'll bring you some food and water when I get back.  Put this leotard
on". 

An insubstantial wisp of material was thrust at her. As she slipped it on, she
quickly realised that it was less of a leotard and more of an insubstantial body
stocking made of large mesh black fishnet.  The in-built wire breast supports
were uncomfortable, as was the high cut crotch.  Moments later a pair of
matching self-supporting stockings were handed to her along with a pair of black
backless shoes with 4" heels.

"No reason why you shouldn't be a little decorative while you work." smirked
Charlotte. There was no doubt that Daley with her chubby attractive figure,
worlds apart from the waif like picture of super-models, looked the embodiment
of a young mans wet dream.  Daley worked steadily to clear up the room, unsure
of when the young vixen would return.  As she bent to pick up a pair of crumpled
and sweaty knickers she heard the door open; she turned and sprung to attention. 
Entering the room was an older man, clearly Charlotte's father, who, having been
given a naughty wink by his daughter, had made excuses at the dinner table and
quickly popped upstairs to see what was on offer.  He was not disappointed, and
the brief rear view of Daley bent over had immediately given him an erection. 
As a businessman he had to act in a proper manner at work, despite the
attractions of some of his staff.  He had plenty of mental images of what he
would like to do to some of them, but they were out of reach.  His wife's
connection with the Correctional Service allowed him opportunities to indulge in
acts that would have got him sued at work.

"I thought the position for prisoners was the present," he snapped.  Daley
didn't dare argue and leapt into the demanded position with elbows well back,
lifting her firm breasts even higher.  He admired the view with almost nothing
hidden by the fishnet material.  He reached forward to ensure the nipples poked
through a hole.  The soreness from the prolonged exercising with nipple clamps
and weights remained and she winced.  He tugged them harder to keep her in
position.

"Stop trying to act coy" he said, "probably sentenced for soliciting I'd guess"
Daley knew any attempt to discuss the causes of her imprisonment would only lead
to a reason to punish her, so she held her tongue at the insulting comment.

"Turn round, legs spread and put your hands flat on the floor!"

Daley did so and immediately felt a hand exploring the weals on the exposed
buttocks before rough fingers slid between her legs and fondled her indecently. 
He tried to push his fingers inside her but the material limited the depth. 
Despite the fully shaming exploration of her body earlier in the day, this much
less invasive examination seemed just as humiliating.  A hard slap across her
nates and then the order to stand and face forwards again.

"My daughter says that you have nice tits," he said crudely, "let's see them."

Daley quickly slid her arms out of the shoulder straps and rolled the body
stocking to her waist, taking up the present as he mauled and bounced her sore
breasts about. He asked her if she enjoyed her dressage training earlier and
promised to try to drop by the barn for her next session in case Charlotte was
being too kind and gentle with her.  He turned to go back down to his dinner. 
"Stay dressed like that" was his parting shot.

Daley completed her tasks, breasts on display. She thought how, at some time,
she would have to submit to the man's lecherous demands knowing that they would
undoubtedly be designed to humiliate and hurt.

Moments later the door opened and once again she turned and stood, half
expecting his return.  Instead Charlotte stood there, a mock look of disgust on
her face.

"How dare you display your udders in such a flagrant way?  That merits a BRD
report to the Centre, especially if you have done it to insult me.  Yes that's
it; just because my breasts are smaller than yours you are trying to humiliate
me.  Well girl I promise you, having seen a breast punishment session, I can
promise you that you will never repeat such an insult."

Daley knew that it would be useless to try and explain, and that Charlotte's
goal was simply to cause as much pain for her as possible.  All she could do was
try and limit the level. She swallowed what little there was left of her pride
and tried to abase herself in the hope of some kindness in return.

"Sorry Miss," she stuttered, "It was unintentional.  Could I please have an
'unofficial' instead?

"You know that the rules forbid that girl.  Are you trying to get me into
trouble?" Inwardly Charlotte was triumphant knowing that any complaints or
comments from prisoners would be disregarded, as long as no permanent marks were
left. Owners needed and had a free hand with servants, but she just loved
hearing Daley beg for punishment.

"No Miss... really.  I just want to apologise in some way" 

Daley hated herself for what she was saying, but she too had seen a Breast
Punishment and had no wish to undergo the full, prolonged and agonising
strapping or caning that was involved.

"I might consider it.  Make yourself decent, and run me a bath.  When I get back
you will give me three ideas on how I should punish those udders of yours - I
may choose, one, all, or none so your ideas had better be original."

Charlotte returned to her after dinner coffee, smirking inside, knowing the
thoughts of horror that were going through Daley's head at having to choose her
own punishment and pain.  As she passed the kitchen she heard a brief gasp from
her parent's servant, and entered the dining room to see her father's chair
empty, guessed what was causing it!

Upstairs Daley made herself 'decent' and started to run a bath.  He mind had
gone blank.  What punishments would seem grim but minimised the pain she would
receive to her delicate orbs?  She looked around the bathroom for inspiration
and immediately discarded the idea of the pincushion sitting on the side.  A
look in the bathroom cabinet only seemed to highlight other horrors and peeking
into the bedroom to see the clutter of horse crops and other riding implements,
served but to increase her despair.


Charlotte smiled as she entered the room, watching Daley spring to attention by
the bath where she had been topping up the hot water.  The stress of the day was
showing on her face, and the job of devising her own punishment had obviously
not contributed to her peace of mind.

"I hope that bath is the right temperature girlie", said Charlotte, "I want a
nice long relaxing soak, I have had a tiring day keeping you in line."

"Yes miss", replied Daley.  "Did you want any bath oils to be added?"

"I certainly don't intend to smell as ripe as you did in the car, girl.  Put in
two capfuls of the green mixture, then you can help me get undressed".

She waited while Daley quickly added the oils and then stood still as she
started to remove the young girl's clothes. She gave her minimal help as first
her blouse, then her skirt were removed.  Standing in delicate and feminine
underwear, Daley was unsure how to proceed until a stinging slap in the face
encouraged her to remove firstly, the stockings and suspender belt, then the bra
and finally a pair of knickers.  The young girl's thighs were strong and muscled
from the many hours of horse riding, and her bottom was also well shaped with
the hours of butt clenching exercise on a bouncing saddle.  Daley could see the
reason for her ringing ears - Charlotte had well-developed arm muscles from
holding strong stallions in check with the reins. In fact the only drawback to
her figure were the small breasts, and Daley wished with all her heart that hers
were the same.  Having well shaped, firm large boobs had only served to
encourage jealousy which had resulted in unfair pain and degradation whilst she
was serving her sentence.

Charlotte unselfconsciously walked through to the bathroom.  There was a great
deal of difference between choosing to strip in front of someone and being
ordered to!  From her point of view being naked in front of Daley just rubbed in
the lack of choice that the prisoner-servant had to endure. In full view of her
servant she used the toilet leaving Daley to flush, then eased her way into the
water and lay back.

"Ok girl, get a flannel and slowly soap me.  You can start with my neck and
shoulders."

Daley rubbed some soap into a flannel and started to gently wash away the cares
of the day - for Charlotte at least. She was made to remain standing rather than
allowed to kneel next to the bath.  She bent at the waist and moved very slowly
realising that her mistress would expect a long, leisurely soak with her
servant's hands gently roaming over her body.  Daley had not got any impression
the girl was a lesbian but certainly the clothing she wore and the very personal
maid service she was requiring left the possibility open!

Slowly, leisurely, her hands swirled over shoulders, neck and back, then with a
twitch of Charlottes finger she started to soap further down over the sides of
the body, over the small breasts and on down past the waist to the legs. Both
muscled legs were raised in turn to be supported with one hand by the
servant-girl as the other wiped the flannel up and down and around the feet.
After half-an-hour her back was aching from the continual bending but she
carried on, well aware that her comfort was not even part of the equation.  As
the water slowly cooled Charlotte spoke. 

"Right, I am getting out in a moment. You may wash between my legs, but the
slightest hint of impropriety and you will pay with a strap across the fingers."
Daley was most careful to gently ease the flannel between Charlottes legs, and
delicately swab her vulva before bending farther and, even more gently, passing
the flannel over and around the bottom cheeks and, ever so gently, into the
crack.

Charlotte stood, and Daley helped her out of the bath, wrapping her in a large
cotton bath towel.

"You haven't even bothered to warm the towel," screamed Charlotte.  "Get me a
crop from my bedroom".  Daley sprang out of the bathroom, cursing her lack of
foresight.  She sorted through a collection of riding equipment choosing what
looked like the gentler of the whips. It was a thin plaited leather-riding crop
with a flexible metal core. Designed to instil obedience into the hide of a
horse, she realised it would be a bitch for her to take. She turned to find
Charlotte had followed her closely, hand held out and eyes blazing.  She handed
the crop over and without instruction turned, bent and grasped her ankles. . 
The thin strand of body stocking had long since bunched up into her crack
leaving a wide canvas on which Charlotte could work, a canvas already red,
bruised and exquisitely tender from her earlier correction by Mrs Parsons. It
would have been easier for Charlotte to position herself for the thrashing, but
instead she used the tab of the crop to prod and poke the frightened victim into
the correct position. Legs straight and slightly parted, buttocks taught and
thrusting upwards into a tempting target. It took all her self-control not to
let go as four searing strokes swiftly fell.  They had not been aimed, yet all
managed to impact across her unprotected nates and round the side of her right
thigh with the leather tab.  Charlotte threw the crop to the side.

" You will now dry and cream me.  Any more faults like that and you will get the
same strokes but on the inside of your thighs."

She slowly stood upright relieving some of the tightness as the weals formed
into ridges on her buttocks. Blinking back the tears and sniffing to prevent her
nose dripping, she carried out the order.  Before too long Charlotte was lying
on the bed, face down and awaiting the girl who was getting a jar of expensive
cream from the dressing table.  Moments later Daley started on a further
backbreaking session as she stooped over the low bed against the tightness of
her searing buttocks and commenced a slow, hour-long massage of Charlottes back,
arms and legs.

Charlotte must have dozed off lying there but when she woke she still felt the
hands, gently kneading and smoothing.  Should she turn over and get her front
done?  No, time for that later.  First the amusement.

"My dressing gown girl".  She stood to allow Daley to slip it onto her
shoulders, then turning and doing up the belt she gestured Daley to assume the
Present.  As Daley's hand went behind her neck Charlotte grabbed the breasts and
viciously mauled them.

"Oh yes, nearly forgot, you were going to convince me not to report you.  Take
off that leotard, and pour me a glass of wine.  You can leave your stockings and
shoes on."

The moment had come and Daleys stomach went cold.  She quickly slipped out of
the body stocking, and walked over to the dresser to pour a glass of red wine. 
Her rear view gave Charlotte a satisfactory look at the crop marks, which stood
out on the firm buttocks. Charlotte took the proffered wine, and sat back in an
easy chair, crossing her legs, careless of the flash of young pussy hair she was
showing.

Daley stood in front of her, once again at the present, showing off the targets
of the forthcoming pain.

"OK girl, convince me, now what ideas have you got to make me forget giving you
a BRD  report?"

Daley thought that she had made up her mind, but now the moment was here she was
not so sure. The thought of leaving the decision to the Correctional Centre
Governor spurred her forward

"One possibility Miss is that you could clip clothes pegs to my breasts, perhaps
a dozen to each breast?"

"That's it, is it?  your bright original idea to save yourself a breast
flogging.  Pitiful, your other two ideas had better be more original, and
incorporate a lot more punishment element if you really want me to help you"

" Please Miss.  Alternatively I thought you might like to bind my breasts tight
and then you could flick the nipples with an elastic band."

Charlotte dismissively shook her head.  Daley desperately discarded her last
option of having her boobs immersed in ice water and went for an option she had
originally discarded as too extreme.

"Or lastly Miss you could light a candle and drip wax over them."

Inside Charlotte felt excited by Daley's suggestions but she made sure not to
let it show.

"You really are trying to get off lightly aren't you?  Well I am not impressed
by those ideas.  Yes, well try them, we'll try all three, but believe me I don't
accept it as sufficient so we will add some of my ideas to it.  Run down and get
a bag of pegs."

Daley ran to the kitchen and grabbed the peg bag that had given her the idea
originally. She returned and held them out to her mistress.

"Why should I do the work, you lazy cow?  Start putting them on yourself, I
don't want to see any pegs left in the bag and make sure that you divide them
equally."

Daley gritted her teeth and started with a peg on each nipple.  They were not a
strong as the nipple clamps she had earlier experienced but they certainly
caused pain.  Slowly she started adding pegs around her breasts, really wincing,
as the soft under breast skin was pinched time after time.  The peg bag was
almost empty when she ran out of space.  She looked imploringly at her mistress
with the three remaining pegs in her hand.  Charlotte beckoned her forward and
taking the three pegs clipped one to each of Daley's pussy lips, and opening
Daley's mouth she clipped the last to the tip of her tongue.

"In the present and don't move" Charlotte turned to a draw and removing a
digital camera, took a number of photos, smiling as she did so.  Then she
collected a length of elastic and tying one end to the door hand she handed the
other with a slipknot to Daley.

"OK you can remove the pegs now.  You will slip the elastic over a peg and then
slowly back away in the present position.  Start with your nipples."

Daley couldn't for the moment believe it, but then she slipped the elastic over
the peg attached to her right nipple, tightened the slipknot and, arms behind
her neck, backed away from the door.  Firstly the elastic stretched, then her
breast flesh stretched the nipple elongating by almost an inch before, with a
painful 'ping' the peg was pulled off completely.  The painful nip of the
remaining pegs was intensified as her breast rebounded back into its natural
position.  A glance at Miss Charlotte  convinced her to continue, so she
retrieved the elastic and repeated the exercise on the other nipple peg.  As she
worked her way through all the pegs on her breasts the pain remained constant. 
Some pegs slipped off easily while others stretched her breast flesh intolerably
before they flew off.  And worst of all she had to inflict this pain on herself. 
Throughout this her tormentor continued to smile and take photographs of the
spectacle.

Finally only the pegs on her pussy lips and the one on her tongue remained.  She
turned imploringly to Charlotte, who with a cat-like grin, shook her head and
pointed at the pegs poking obscenely from the top of her legs.  Daley connected
the elastic for the final ordeal.  The first peg was stubborn and the pain as
her delicate nether lip was stretched was almost beyond bearing.  The second peg
was even worse but it was the final peg on her tongue that almost caused her to
rebel.  The pain of the stretching tongue transmitted itself to the root and she
almost gave up but a sudden tug on her hair from Charlotte forced her neck far
enough back for the peg to finally fly off.

"Turn round girl".  Charlotte examined the bruised breasts and nipples, the
pinch marks showing clearly.  The hair hid any marks on her nether lips.  She
forced Daley's mouth open and examined the tongue, which looked normal to her
apart from some redness , but to the victim it felt as if it had swollen to
twice its size.  "That wasn't too bad was it girlie.  What's the matter?  Cat
got your tongue. Stay there while I get some bits and pieces".

Charlotte smirked as she left Daley in the Present.

On her return the noticed the pinch marks had faded leaving red marks and a few
small bruises to show where the pegs had been.

"Here girl, this will help.  Stick those udders in this" Charlotte presented a
washing up bowl part filled with ice-cubes and water.  Daley took it and placed
it on the bedside table then slowly lowered her breasts into the freezing water.
She gasped as the cold water soaked around her sore globes, but managed to
follow the order and submerge them entirely. It was almost a relief.

"Keep your legs straight and apart, bend the waist to 90 degrees and remain in
the present while your breasts are in the water."  As your tongue and vulva also
suffered, I think we can help them too."

Charlotte picked up some ice cubes, placing two in Daley's mouth and fingered
four into Daley's vagina from between her legs.  Daley shuddered as they went
in, but managed to remain in the backbreaking position. 

"As soon as the ones in your vagina have melted you will tell me and you will
ask me to stuff some more in, OK Girl ?"

She couldn't answer so she nodded her head despairingly.  Charlotte lay back on
her bed to scan through the photos on her digital camera, occasionally looking
up to enjoy the scene and twice getting up at the bent girl's request to fill
her with more ice.  For Daley the brief relief of pain had long ago been
replaced by the numbing ache of freezing, both to her breasts and internally.
The cool water released from the ice cubes ran down the insides of her thighs.

Finally Charlotte, growing a little bored, ordered her to stand, dry herself and
present herself for inspection.   The bruising and pinch marks had gone although
the skin was somewhat blue. The aureole had shrunk and wrinkled and the nipples
had contracted to a third of their size.  She flicked them with her fingernails
but there was only minimal reaction.

" Looks like we need to warm them up a bit" Charlotte commented and turning she
picked up a handful of leather thongs she had collected from downstairs. Having
made her bend over from the waist so that her chilled breasts hung down, she
proceeded to bind the first two tightly around the base of each breast,
squeezing the breasts into a pair of large balls hanging from her chest.  A
second set of thongs went midway and even tighter, producing two bulging rings
of flesh instead of the beautiful breasts that were the norm.  The bluish colour
had rapidly been replaced by red as the blood, denied any flow, remained trapped
While painful, it was not the worst punishment she had received to her chest and
Dally was a little relieved, even more so when Charlotte said:

 "Your idea of flicking the nipples with rubber bands was juvenile so we will
not bother with that." Moments later her complacency evaporated as Charlotte
paused before adding:

 "Into the bathroom and get my electric toothbrush.  Make sure the head is
absolutely dry."  Dally walked through and was shocked to see the sight of her
bound breasts in the bathroom mirror. She quickly got the toothbrush and went
back to her mistress who was seated on the edge of the bed.

"Kneel.  In the Present." The serving girl complied, forcing her chest upwards. 
Charlotte was holding the toothbrush in one hand and a small tube in the other.

" Let's stimulate a few nerve-ends," she said.

Firstly she switched on the toothbrush and the whirring bristles were dragged
over the crinkled nipples and around the protruding flesh.  While not painful
the dry bristles made it uncomfortable.  Then it got worse.  Charlotte reached
for the tube. It was abrasive cream that would normally be used to remove hard
skin from feet She transferred an amount of the pinkish paste onto the brush. 
Using this as an abrasive it was not long before the girl's breasts, especially
around the nipples, had become tenderised and extremely sensitive.  Charlotte
spent about five minutes on each while Dally struggled to remain in position and
not flinch away from the aggravating, painful brushing. Leaving her, Charlotte
left the room for a few minutes returning with a steaming bowl of hot water,
into which she was stirring some white sugar-like substance.

 "OK girl, take the toothbrush into the bathroom, wash it and bring me two
flannels.  Dally guessed what was coming but had no way of stopping her without
making matters worse.  She returned with the face flannels and knelt again. 

"Right, you may undo your straps".  This was harder than expected as the flesh
has swollen over the knots but before long her right breast had been released. 
She groaned as the blood started to circulate painfully. After some struggling
she managed to release her left breast.  She took up in the present position,
shuddering as the pain grew. Just as it was starting to recede, Charlotte placed
a wet cloth over each breast. The water was piping hot and the substance that
been dissolved in it was salt. The slightly abraded skin intensified the agony
and Dally squirmed to the floor before Charlotte grabbed her hair and pulled her
back into position.  Secretly delighted by the reaction she nonetheless put on
an angry show.

"If you can't control yourself we can start again.  You asked for these
punishments so don't try for the sympathy vote.  You won't get it from me".  She
slapped Daily's face hard, then re-soaking the cloths she replaced them on the
stinging breasts. The girl just managed to remain still but whimpered pitifully.
When the cloths had cooled, they were again dipped in the solution and this time
Charlotte took one hot flannel and one sore breast and rubbed it thoroughly.
Ignoring the moans and pleading for mercy she carefully repeated the procedure
with the other breast until they were inflamed and throbbing painfully.

Leaving the girl to compose herself and to practice her self-control Charlotte
walked over and poured her another glass of wine. 

What now?  There was plenty of the evening left.  Punishment number three or a
bit of fun first?  Fun she thought.

She turned .  "I guess you could do with a drink".  She took a mouthful and,
walking over to the female, placed her mouth over hers.  She poked the tip of
her tongue out and Daley recognising an order, opened to receive a mouthful of
warm red wine.

"What do you say girl?"  "Thank you Miss", her stomach almost ready to retch.

"Have I told you about my attitude to girlies playing with each other?"

"No Miss."

"Well, I believe that just because another woman is using her hands and tongue
on you, it doesn't make you a lesbian.  If you are just lying there, not
reciprocating then it is no more than a sort of three-dimensional masturbation. 
I suddenly realised why so many of the more important women in the community
make use of their prisoner servants in this way, despite being married
themselves.  It is purely instead of using a vibrator, and has no greater
meaning other than that.  I think therefore that I will use you in the same way. 
You have no objection to taking the place of my dildo have you girl?"

Daley looked bleakly at her tormentress.  She had hoped that it was purely
sadistic entertainment that the girl wanted, but now it looked like she was to
suffer the full range of degradation. She could of course object, but knew that
would only result in another vicious beating and afterwards she would still face
the same problem. It took a few moments but, swallowing hard, she answered:

"It would be an honour Miss."


Later that evening, Charlotte relaxed back into her pillows with a very
satisfied smile on her face.  Between her legs her servant-girl continued to
gently lick and tease the labia occasionally darting her tongue into the moist
entrance.  She waited for orders, either to stop or, heaven forbid, to start a
second assault.  Her neck and tongue ached and she almost had lockjaw form the
continual servicing she had been providing for the last half-hour.  The final
moments had been particularly hard, with Charlotte dictating the direction and
pace of licking by harder and faster tugs on Daley's hair.  The climax had seen
her mistress's muscular thighs clamping so tightly round her head that she was
in danger of blacking out. Clamping had only been relaxed as the young girl came
down from a prolonged orgasm.

Charlottes satisfaction came not only from the sexual pleasure she had received,
it also came from the thought that older women had been forced to do this
against her will. Admittedly the servant had shown a little reluctance at the
start, but being made to retrieve the riding crop that had earlier been used on
her had achieved more than any verbal threat could. She only had to be gently
touched with it for her attitude to become perfectly obedient. From an easy
start with a delicate sucking of her Mistress's small but sensitive nipples she
was soon required to indulge in much more intimate work on the area between her
legs. True, there had been a muted objection when she was told to use her tongue
on Charlotte's anus, but again a sharp tap with the crop and the problem
disappeared. The girl even had the good sense to appear enthusiastic when it
came to the licking leading to the climax.

Should she let Daley continue?  No, she had a better idea.

"OK girlie, not too bad but I think I will suggest that you need a bit more
training when you get back to the Facility."  Daley lifted her head, and in
reply to another tug of the hair replied  "Yes Miss".

"Still, I don't see why you should do all the work.  Lie down on the bed."

Daley couldn't believe it.  After her young mistresses comments on Lesbianism
she was about to reciprocate.  God, she might even get to come if allowed.  She
quickly scooted into position, head on pillows, legs slightly open.  Charlotte
looked down on her.

"Hands under your bottom, legs together."

Daley felt foolish. She suddenly realised she had let herself believe, for a
moment, that things might be different but she could see from the sadistic glint
in Charlottes eyes that there would be no let up.  Charlotte mounted Daley
facing her head, kneeling with legs either side of the body and with her
buttocks painfully squashing her breasts.

"That was quite a slow relaxing session.  Now I want a hard, fast ride, but
don't worry, I'll do all the work, you just provide the tongue".

She moved forward placing her still wet vagina directly over Daley's mouth, her
clitoris and pubic bone nudging her nose, then she lent backwards, her hands
resting on each of Daley's breasts, and with a vicious squeeze of her fingers to
indicate the 'off' she started to move.  Her clitoris rubbed against the nose,
while the girl's tongue and lips sucked for all their worth. Charlotte rocked on
the face for all the world as if she were on a horse saddle.  Her hands kept
time with the galloping by squeezing  and pulling the firm breasts.  The
culmination only took a few minutes to arrive and as she peaked she viciously
pinched the nipples causing the unfortunate prisoners tongue to stiffen in agony
as another flow of female juices ran over it.  Charlotte remained in position
before commencing another gentle trot, trying to gently come down from her high
and perhaps even achieve another orgasm.  After a few minutes she realised it
wasn't going to happen and dismounted, still out of breath and shaking a little
from the experience.

She helped herself to another glass of wine.

"I won't offer you any this time. I am sure you won't want to lose the delicate
flavours you have just experienced".  She laughed at her own joke.  "Right where
were we.  Ah yes, you were trying to persuade me to forget about the BRD. I am
still not convinced.  What was your third suggestion?"

"Hot candle wax over my breasts Miss." whispered Daley, partly because of the
fear of the punishment and partly because of the de-hydrated state of her mouth
and throat.

Charlotte smiled and walked over to her nightstand where a large fat candle
stood in a holder. 

"I imagine you have to do quite a lot of basic gymnastics at the centre so I
hope you can do the crab!"  Daley nodded.  " In that case girl go to it."

The prisoner checked the space around her and then did a handstand.  Her feet
continued over and within moments she was standing arched on hands and feet, her
body curved upwards and her breasts ideally placed for the forthcoming session.
Charlotte, lighting the candle, spoke:

 " You will stay in that position for the duration of this punishment.  You will
not move unless I order you to.  You will also remain silent.  Understood?"

"Yes miss", sobbed Daley her arms already starting to feel the strain.  In the
centre they often had to do this exercise and move crab-like around the exercise
floor but at least that allowed some movement of the arms. Staying still for who
knows how long would prove difficult, never mind the added pain of hot candle
wax.

"Brace girlie".  The first splatter of hot wax fell straight onto the left
nipple. Without the warning she would have immediately collapsed.  She moaned
quietly as drop after drop of molten wax fell on and around her left breast as
it hung down towards her face. The soft underside was ideally exposed by her
position. The wax quickly cooled into a pleasurable warmth but every initial
drop was agony.  It took about five minutes for the whole of her breast to be
covered and her arms were almost giving out.

"That's one" smirked Charlotte, impressed at her servant's stoicism.  Although
she had demanded silence she rather enjoyed the barely held back groans of
suffering.

The drip onto her right nipple was almost too much to bear and she jolted,
getting ready to collapse.

"You move girlie and I will put you back in this position.  But next time I will
make sure that a more sensitive part of your body is covered in wax and the
candle is extinguished by shoving it up that same area"

The words served to spur Daley on to greater endurance and she was able to
maintain position until the whole of her right breast was covered.

"Nearly finished girl.  Just a few drops into your belly button.  Daley
shuddered as they fell and then she heard Charlotte move away.

"Right, you can move out of position but don't you dare crack the wax bra I have
made for you".

Daley had no more strength to flip back over, so she gently collapsed to one
side, ensuring she protected the wax coated breasts from damage, then stood and
at a gesture from Charlotte assumed, carefully, the present.

"There, not so bad was it?"  Daley's drawn face gave the lie to that statement. 
"Now after all that effort we need to remove it.  It would be simplest to just
slide them off and have a memento of your rather impressive chest.  But it would
be more fun to remove them with this!"

From behind her back she produced a stiffly bristled hairbrush and started to
scrub across each breast, slowly removing segments of the wax.  The girl was
hard-pressed to keep position and kept murmuring despairingly "Please Miss,
P.p.please Miss."  Charlotte had no intention of stopping till she was finished
and by the end both breasts were free of all but a few stubborn pieces of wax.
The coarse brush marks adding to the soreness of the salted areas.

"Clean up the mess girl, then take a shower, clean your teeth and get back
here."

Daley carried out the orders and within ten minutes was standing by the young
girl's bed awaiting the next instruction.

"You may sleep on the floor, beside me.  I want a wake up call at 8 am.  The
first thing I want to experience when I wake up is your tongue between my legs.
You had better not disturb me getting into position. Understood?" 

"Yes miss."

Charlotte pulled the duvet over herself as Daley turned to switch off the light
and lie on the bare floor; her only covering being her stockings and shoes
which, she had replaced after the shower. It would be an uncomfortable and cold
night for her.  



Daylight had penetrated the curtains for some hours when Charlotte slowly awoke
from a relaxing dream to feel a gentle lapping between her legs.  Daley had been
there some time having cautiously made her way under the duvet. Unlike herself,
Charlotte had not considered it necessary to wash following the excitements of
the previous night so she had to call on all of her self-discipline to apply her
mouth to her mistress's intimate area. She had sensed the young girls awakening
as gentle movements of her vagina had slowly become little thrusts against her
hard-working tongue.  Moments later her ears had been gripped in two strong
hands, her face forced deeper into the opening legs and a very forceful thrust
against her lips clearly issued the message to increase her pace.  Charlottes
threatening verbal command to "Work it girlie" was unnecessary as Daley put all
her skills into pleasing the vixen. It was not long before Charlotte came and
the servant was kicked out from beneath the covers dishevelled, hot and
breathless.

"You're getting better girl but we still need to practice.  Now downstairs and
get me coffee.  Pull the curtains before you go."

The girl did as ordered and made her way downstairs still as nakedly attired as
she had been the night before.  Approaching the kitchen she heard the
unmistakable sound of something hitting flesh and opening the door she saw her
fellow prisoner, naked except for high heeled shoes and a short frilly apron,
bending over the kitchen table hands grasping the table edges.  Behind her, in
his dressing gown stood Charlottes father, holding a wooden kitchen spoon,
bringing it down hard on the woman's buttocks.  Clearly from the bright red
state of them this had been going on for some time, and although the woman must
have been well used too much more severe punishment in the centre it had still
made her eyes water.  As Daley entered the kitchen he turned and spoke.

"Ah another one who wants me to say good morning.  Get yourself over the table
too."  Daley was about to protest but thinking better of it, so she lay meekly
over the table alongside her fellow sufferer and spreading her legs apart waited
for the inevitable.  The inevitable being a dozen whacks on the same spot on
each buttock before he resumed punishing the other girl.

He walked round the front of the table and looked down at the two women. He was
a distinguished authoritarian looking male in his late forties with the air of a
man who was only doing his duty. The bulge in his dressing gown betrayed his
enjoyment of the situation.

"Which one of you is going to get rid of my early morning hard-on?" he asked. 
Then looking at Daley he said "Why are you here anyway girl?"

" I am getting Miss Charlotte some Coffee Sir."

" Then get to it".  As Daley stood he walked round to her and lifted her breasts
by the nipples. "They look a similar shade to your arse.  My daughter been
putting them to work?"

"Yes sir, she has."  She answered through gritted teeth as his long fingers
roughly mauled the tender globes.  He slapped her on the bottom dismissively,
then walked back round the table opening his dressing gown as he did so.  His
erection poked forward obscenely and he ran it across the lips of the woman
still lying across the table. 

"Looks like an early breakfast for you," he commented.  Without any order she
opened her mouth and started to gently lick and caress the tip of his penis. 
Daley moved forward to prepare a tray, conscious of the sounds behind her.  As
the kettle boiled she saw from the corner of her eye the penis entering the
mouth and the girls cheeks hollowing as she sucked strongly.  By the time the
coffee was poured and the tray ready, it was evident that Charlotte's father was
well into his stride, holding the woman's head firmly as she sucked avidly. 
Everyone was well aware that having to keep her body still and her hands griping
the table edge, it was the man that was dictating the pace, and most worryingly
the depth of the oral rape.  Daley walked past the couple grateful that it was
not she.  She had just go to the door when she heard, the ominous comment: "Your
turn later girl".

Returning to her mistress's room she poured the coffee and handed it to
Charlotte who sat up in bed reading.

"I expect you are wondering what we have planned for today, Daley.  Well I am
pleased to say that you will not be bored.  In a moment you will deal with some
chores while I finish this book, then I have a little modelling assignment for
you after which we will return to the training barn for another dressage and
jumping session.  This time we will try a heavier set of weights on your
nipples, and once you have been round the course a couple of times I will put
some blinkers on you.  These will ensure that you cannot see anything in front
of you so you will have to respond purely to my whip commands if you wish to get
round the circuit without fault.  Especially as faults will naturally result in
additional strokes."

The short-term future looked extremely bleak.  Charlotte pointed to the basket
of dirty laundry that her servant had collected the night before and told her to
sort out her knickers and bras.

She did so, piling the skimpy items into a two neat heaps. 

"Those items are very delicate. You will wash them in the bathroom sink. I can
see you from her so don't try to skimp on the cleaning.  Use a little soap and
rub them carefully then rinse and bring to me for inspection."

Daley ran some water rubbed in a little soap and started to gently hand wash a
pair of thong style panties.

"You stupid cow. I said those items are delicate, come here!"

Unsure of what she had done she wrong rushed to the young girl's side only to
have her left nipple seized in a vicious pinch.

"Those items are delicate and I don't want your rough hands spoiling them.  You
will place each item between your breasts and use your tits to rub them clean.
Understood?"

She nodded.  The whole stay was centring round her breasts and the amount of
abuse they could withstand.  She carefully placed the pants in her cleavage
then, using her hands either side of her boobs, lowered them into the water and
proceeded to firmly rub the underwear clean.

Charlotte watched as the pile of laundry slowly decreased and Daley's back
breaking, breast-paining work continued.  The she got up, slipped on some casual
clothes and opening a draw took out a plastic bag with the name of a sports
outfitters emblazoned on the outside.  Peeking in she saw the bra she had bought
as soon as she had heard which girl was to be hers.  It was a plain white sports
bra, full-cup, firm material and Daley's actual size.  Charlotte, with one
glance back at the bent-over girl, walked downstairs.  She entered the kitchen
to see the same sight that had greeted Daley, the prisoner still wearing just a
short apron still bent over the table.  The only change this time was that it
was Charlotte's mother flaying the bright red nates with a folded leather belt. 
At Charlottes lifted eyebrow she answered  "Your father came upstairs to say
that this slut had tried to get out of a beating by offering him a blow job.  I
have to go out in a moment otherwise I would teach this slut to keep away from
someone else's husband."

Charlotte smiled.  "Don't worry Mummy.  I can deal with that for you, in fact I
have a job for her now."

With a final vicious stroke the belt was thrown on to the sobbing servants back,
who laid there crying at the pain and injustice of it all, wondered what
Charlotte had in store for her.  Charlotte beckoned her over and gave her a pair
of kitchen gloves and a washing up bowl, then gestured outside.

Twenty minutes later Charlotte walked back into her bedroom.  Daley had finished
the washing and was tidying the bathroom sink. 

"Right girl, shower, wash your hair and put make-up on. I have said that you
would do a bit of modelling"

Daley knew this did not bode well, but without arguing she quickly stripped off
her skimpy stockings and got into the shower.  Charlotte spent the time running
through the digital photos until Daley reappeared, clean, hair dried and a light
covering of make up on her face.

Charlotte approached her victim carrying the white sports bra.  "You will put
this on and then you will go and see my father.  You will say that I sent you
and that you would like to thank him personally for allowing you this
opportunity to experience some time outside of the Correctional facility"

Daley blanched but knowing she had no choice moved forward to take the bra.  Not
very sexy but at least it provided some cover. It was strange that she was not
to wear any panties but a bra was better than nothing if she really did had to
grovel in front of that man. Then she spotted the cups.  Full to the brim with
young nettle leaves. Charlotte had spent several minutes applying a sticky
solution to the insides of the cups that would hold the fresh green leaves in
place She looked at the smirking Charlotte with fear all across her face.

"Yes girl, especially for you, lean forward to put it on.  I don't want to see
one falling leaf or you'll eat it."

Daley bent and gently pulled the bra on.  The stinging was instantaneous and as
she clipped the bra straps behind her back it intensified.  Charlotte gently
stroked the breast knowing this would ensure far greater stinging than purely
crushing them.  She enjoyed the pain flickering across Daley's face and then
slapped her bottom.  "Off you go."  As Daley left to seek out the Father,
Charlotte went back down to the kitchen.  Lying across the kitchen table the
maid-prisoner was awaiting the third member of the family to give her bottom a
whipping. This time it was to be done with all the nettle stems that remained
after she had been ordered to collect them, stripping the young leaves for god
knows what purpose.  She groaned.  The vixen had place a pile of the older
leaves on the table underneath each breast and told her to lie on them.  She
knew worse was to come.

Upstairs Daley knocked and entered the main bedroom.  On the bed lay Charlotte's
father, naked with a flaccid penis.

"What have we here?" he asked.  Daley said the required degrading words and he
beckoned her forwards.  He had a good relationship with his daughter and she had
already explained what she would be arranging while his wife was out. 

"OK girl, you missed out sucking me downstairs.  You can have the pleasure now. 
I came earlier so it may take you a while"

In fact under Daleys ministrations it only took a couple of minutes to get it
really stiff, but each second of that time was agony as her breasts pressed
against his thigh.  He tugged her hair, pulling her mouth off his rock hard
organ.

"Don't be greedy girl.  You can suck it again once we are finished.  Rub some of
this on it now". He passed her a tube of Vaseline and she gently massaged it
around his glans and all down his penis. 

"Right girl, hop on, facing me".  She knelt over him, her pussy hovering over
the tip of his penis but before she could lower herself he caught her pubic
hair.

"Naughty, naughty.  Even I know you girls aren't allowed to come, so while I
know you would like nothing better than to slide onto my penis, I think that to
save you a good flogging you should forgo the pleasure and take me anally".  He
laughed at his own humour and Daley groaning with shame shuffled forward and
moved her anal opening onto the tip.  "Arms behind your neck girl".  She took up
the position and lowered herself onto him, the discomfort showing on her face. 
Slowly she started to rock about her hips but after the first few strokes he
stopped her.

"We will do this a little differently.  I want you to slide onto my penis as far
as you can, then you will stay like that.  You will make me come by just
squeezing your anal muscles."

He watched the pain and discomfort cross Daley's face as she did as he ordered. 
She was aware that he had just prolonged the session substantially. He could lie
there all day while she tried to constrict and relax her internal muscles, but
after a while she would tire, and then what? He had thought of that.  He reached
forward and brushed his hands over the bra. Instantly more pain from the nettles
shocked her, causing her muscles to contract. It suddenly became clear, He would
be dictating the rhythm by squeezing her breasts, and the closer he got to an
orgasm the harder and faster he would press.  Her pain would produce his
pleasure, and there would be no question of any sexual pleasure, let alone
relief for her.

All she had to look forward to was another session in the afternoon under
Charlotte's tutelage in the dressage ring followed by a further night of
personal degradation. 

Life in the community was hell.




Chapter 40

Mrs McEwan dismissed Stewart with the order to report to Mrs Parsons. To say
that he was apprehensive would be inaccurate-his emotions were bordering on
sheer terror as he descended the stairs to the kitchen. It was early in the
evening, and whatever she had in mind for him, it could last for hours.

She was waiting for him, still dressed in her dowdy housekeeper's dress and with
an even stricter expression on her face than was usual. On the table in front of
her lay a pile of equipment that was either designed for discipline or could be
easily adapted for that purpose. There were the inevitable horse crops that one
would expect to find in such a house-but also  long thin canes more designed for
human rather than animal hides. He came to attention in front of her and awaited
his fate. To his amazement, she smiled at him.

"Relax Stewart, I won't be thrashing you this evening. I have some work for you
and I imagine that it is work that you will find rather pleasant. Mrs McEwan's
husband normally assists me with this sort of problem, but as he is away on
business, Mrs McEwan has kindly given me permission to use you in his place. You
have I take it, heard that there are similar Institutes for Correction to the
one you attend- all over Europe?"

Stewart had indeed heard of the Correctional Centres but had taken little
interest at the time other than agreeing that the politicians should deal
robustly with offenders. Since he had been sentenced to time in a British one,
he had had no time for further study on the subject. Mrs Parsons went on to
explain that there were two German prisoners on release to the community from a
Centre who were staying in the area. It seemed that their temporary owner, a
senior German Social worker had brought them with her when she came to stay with
a friend. Unfortunately she had been far too relaxed with them and they had
taken advantage of her kindness. She felt that she had neither the facilities
nor the strictness to correct them herself and had called the local Centre for
advice. They had recommended the services of Mrs McEwan who had helped out in
previous cases. Naturally Mrs McEwan had called the German centre and spoken to
the lady Governor who had been furious at this lapse in her standards. She not
only authorised Mrs McEwan to deal with the problem but also assured her that
she had full authority to discipline them in any way she saw fit. It seems that
she also faxed a profile for both prisoners that she felt would be useful.

Mrs Parsons had already decided on the use of the basement room for what would
need to be a long session. She explained to Stewart that as far as these
prisoners were concerned, he would be a person of authority and not of a low
status like themselves. He would therefore dress in a pair of chinos, white
T-shirt and loafers that belonged to Mr McEwan. He would be expected to not only
assist the housekeeper, but also to make suggestions that would increase the
effectiveness of the session. Naturally, should the prisoners be in any way
modest, the presence of a male would increase the embarrassment level
appreciably.

From what she had read in the prisoner profile, arrogance was be the main
problem that needed to be addressed. To that end Mrs Parsons had given discreet
instructions to the owner. The prisoners had been given no opportunity for
showering for the past 24 hours with an excuse that the plumbing in their part
of the house was faulty. They had also been deprived of fresh clothing. Added to
that they had been given some hard physical work to carry out cleaning the
stables and in view of the warm weather, would arrive in a less than pristine
state. Stewart, still emotionally the prisoner, immediately grasped the
advantage that would confer on Mrs Parsons when the prisoners stood before her.
Any inspection or examination would be made ten times worse if they felt at such
a psychological disadvantage. Her careful reading of the profile had also
revealed a potential weakness in the prisoner's background. They were carrying
out their sentences in an all female establishment so any male participation
would be that more effective. Add to that the report that they were both
believed to have lesbian tendencies caused Mrs Parsons to believe that any
interaction with Stewart, would be particularly unpleasant for them.

"And by the way Stewart," Mrs Parsons said with a grin, "I am well aware that
you haven't received sexual relief for some time, so I will be allowing you to
utilise these prisoners to overcome that shortage. The only condition I will be
imposing is that you will be the only one allowed to derive any real sexual
pleasure from any contact. Now, let's take all this equipment down to the cellar
and make it look like what it will be for the next few hours, a punishment
room!"

Together they carried all the gear including some boxes down the steep steps.
The room was as cold and unwelcoming as usual but by the time the canes, straps
crops and other equipment had been hung up or laid out it would strike fear in
the heart of the bravest prisoner. They walked back upstairs and were waiting at
the entrance to the barn when a car pulled up. Stewart could just make out the
shapes of two females sitting upright in the back but his attention was diverted
by a male driver who got out and spoke to them. It was a short conversation and
the car was soon departing leaving the two passengers standing in the courtyard
with two large bags.

The first impression for Stewart was the difference in the uniform worn by
German Correctional Centre prisoners: He later learned that the two females were
in their No2 work clothing and the rest of their uniforms were in their bags.
Heavy black leather work-boots reaching up to their ankles thick ankle socks,
medium length black heavy skirt and a military style blouse made in the same
thick woollen material. A white cravat was at the neck and a black beret was
worn on the head. Hardly comfortable gear for a warm evening but certainly one
that would protect from the cold of the German winter

The females themselves were both fine examples of German womanhood. One was aged
around 24 years and the other was probably in her mid thirties.

The younger one, named Schultz was around 5 foot ten inches tall, slim with a
seemingly flat chest under her work-blouse. Not particularly pretty, she had a
well-formed angular face under extremely blonde hair worn in a long plat that
extended almost to her waist.

On the other hand, Mueller, her fellow prisoner was around five foot four inches
tall, heavily built with what seemed large breasts swelling under the blouse.
Her face was a little chubby but fairly pretty with large grey eyes and plump
lips. Again, her fair hair was held in a long thick plat.

Both stood nervously at attention, clearly apprehensive as to what was to happen
to them. Both inwardly regretting their casual attitude towards their temporary
owner that had caused them to be brought before Mrs Parsons. Both feeling hot
and sticky from their previous efforts and wishing that they could take a
cooling cleansing shower.

Mrs Parsons beckoned Stewart to stand next to her and addresses the females:

" As you have been told, following an appalling lack of respect shown to your
owner you have been brought here to me to bring you back into line as rapidly as
possible. You may rest assured that I have the full authority of your Commandant
in the Frankfurt Correctional Institute to do with you as I see fit. You will be
subjected to whatever training or punishment that I deem necessary and will be
required to obey my every order. Should you fail to behave correctly I am
authorised to have you sent back to Germany where you will be dealt with by the
authorities in one of the Severe Training Centres."

A gasp of horror escaped the prisoners on hearing this threat. Stewart later
learnt that this centre in Germany made even the toughest correctional centres
appear benign in comparison. She continued:

"This is Mr Stewart who has offered to help me with your training. You will
address him as "Sir" at all times and myself as "Madam". I understand that you
have been trained to speak flawless English, so do not expect any concessions to
be made regarding your level of comprehension. You will obey any order that we
give immediately and without question. You have no rights to privacy and will
dress as we direct. You may expect corporal punishment for each and every error. 
Mr Stewart!"

Surprised by the use of the title "Mr", Stewart looked in Mrs Parson's
direction.

"I think we will start by assessing the physical fitness levels of the
prisoners. Would you please put them to some manual work?"

Stewart thought fast and quickly remembered that he had seen an old cricket
pitch roller behind the barn. He ordered the girls to follow him and soon
located it again. It was a heavy cast iron device that weighed a ton. A large
cast-iron cylinder rotated around a shaft to which handles were attached behind
and in front. It was designed to be moved by four large men to smooth out the
surface of a cricket pitch and, with luck, would be an absolute bitch for two
females to move.

" You will use this roller to level the area of ground that I will mark out with
rocks. I will allow you an hour to complete the task, which should be easy
enough provided you work hard. You may take breaks at your own discretion but do
not expect any leniency if you have not rolled the area within the allotted
time."

He then marked out an area about 100 yards square with stones, one of which
marked the corner where the roller stood. Unfortunately the ground was far from
smooth and covered in numerous bumps and molehills that would make a difficult
job even harder. He then glanced at his loaned wristwatch and gave his first
order:

"You have one hour starting from.... Now!"

The two prisoners ran to their positions, one each side of the roller, grasped
the cross-shafts and heaved. They were obliged to rock the heavy weight
backwards and forwards before it moved, all too slowly across the grass, but
eventually it was moving at a constant pace. Accompanied by their desperate
grunts and slipping boots they managed to move it halfway down the strip before
they were forced to take their first break and lean on their handles breathing
heavily. The elder female asked for permission to speak and when Stewart granted
it asked that they be allowed to removed their heavy woollen uniform tops and
their berets in view of the heat.

"Certainly not!" he snapped, " A little honest sweat will do you both good and I
could not possibly authorise you to be improperly dressed. Your uniform may be a
little heavy for the temperature today, but that is hardly my concern".

They were now totally dejected, as was Stewart's intention. They leant to their
task and, with a clank, the roller moved again. When they reached the stone
marker they had to heave with all their strength to angle the device so that it
would cover a new area on it's return trip, and then start the long journey over
again.

Satisfied that his imposition was working, Stewart went back to the house where
he found an amused Mrs Parsons watching the efforts from a small window. She
handed him a glass of iced soda water.

"An excellent start Stewart. Keep popping back to make sure that the bitches are
hard at it and don't forget to give them copious water to drink. I think they
should be an excellent state for a full uniform and body inspection when they
are finished. It will be interesting to see how their uniform compares with our
own when we have them strip for us."

When Stewart returned after twenty minutes almost a third of the area had been
rolled. Both females were gasping with the effort and drenched in sweat. Dark
wet patches were visible under their armpits and perspiration was running in
rivulets down their faces and exposed legs. He handed them each a large glass of
tepid water, which they gratefully took and swallowed without taking breath.
Without any words or threats from Stewart, they resumed their task and the
roller moved again.

He made a further inspection after forty minutes and again the proffered water
was gulped down. This time they rested on their knees and had to force
themselves to their feet to continue. Desperately they pushed the roller knowing
that there was still virgin grass and time was running out. He arrived for his
final inspection with just five minutes of the allotted hour to run. To his
surprise and disappointment, the entire area had been rolled and by the time the
hour was up the prisoners were on their feet and at attention. He still allowed
another large jug of water to be consumed and then marched them back to the barn
where Mrs Parsons was waiting.

She stood before the exhausted females, taking in their still shaking legs,
sweat-wet uniforms and general disarray.

"I hope that the exercise that Mr Stewart kindly arranged for you will give you
some idea of the standards that I expect, and, talking about standards, I think
it is time that you both received a thorough uniform and body inspection to
determine your level of personal dress and cleanliness. I will instruct you to
remove items of clothing, which you will immediately remove and place on the
small table to your right. You will then assume the present position."

A look of abject horror crossed both of their faces. They were both proud
females with impeccable standards but they were to be inspected when soaked in
their own sweat and feeling dirty and soiled through no fault of their own. Both
of their eyes swung towards Stewart as they both absorbed the fact that they
would have to strip in the presence of a male for the first time having grown
accustomed to the all girl environment of the Correction Centre. Miss Parsons
adjusted the overhead lights to illuminate each prisoner and then ordered the
removal of their berets.

Next they were told to remove their once white cravats from around their necks.
The sweat continued to run down their necks and Stewart, scarcely able to
contain his excitement realised that he would soon be following the path of the
rivulets with his eyes and possibly his fingers.

Next to be removed was the heavy woollen jacket. The sodden items were placed on
the tables and the prisoners snapped back to the present. Little wonder they
continued to sweat: Under the jacket type blouse they wore a dark and equally
heavy woollen vest that clipped to the skirt waistband. The younger girl Schultz
proved herself to be only modestly supplied in the breast department but the
elder prisoner could be seen to have large somewhat drooping breasts under the
damp material of the vest. After a short pause they were ordered to remove the
vests and to the surprise of both Stewart and Mrs Parsons were displayed in a
brassiere made of a thin latex material. The large girl demonstrated that the
opaque latex offered little support but some modesty as though the shape of the
breast was fully visible through the thin whitish rubber, the actual breast
itself still remained obscured.

Schultz's breasts needed no support and jutted out pertly stretching the tight
latex to a point. Clearly the bras had been fitted specially and in poor light
would seem not to be there at all, so closely did they fit the girl's skin. In
places the effect of the body sweat made the latex semi-transparent but unlike
the larger girl, there were no large patches where the liquid had collected.
Closer examination revealed that though the latex over the breasts was thin, the
rubber straps that went over the shoulders and around the chest were heavily
stitched, tight and restrictive.

Stewart was surprised that unlike most German females, their underarms were
fully shaved. This was presumably to emphasise their prisoner status. He made a
point of wrinkling his nose when near either of them to cause them maximum
embarrassment but in truth, little acting was needed as the scent of dried body
sweat hung heavily around them. He was just mentally wondering what they would
have beneath the skirt when to order came:

"Remove your skirts!"

With a shamed glance in his direction from the younger girl, both heavy skirts
were unclipped, unzipped and laid on the tables.

Stewart, used to flimsy thongs or bikini style panties in thin cotton was
surprised again by what he saw, as was Mrs Parsons. The prisoners were wearing
what were obviously regulation panties but very much in the same style as their
brassieres. Made of thin latex they were of the directoire style and reached
down to their thighs. Around the waist was a broad band of tightly restrictive
ribbed rubber about two inches broad that constricted their waists. Similar
bands gripped each thigh and a two-inch strap ran down from the front of the
belt to pass between their legs and, thinning slightly, join up with the rear of
the waistband. The latex material fitted loosely making the panties look baggy,
but the strap devices were firm and tight and must be extremely uncomfortable,
restrictive and difficult to remove or put on. Clearly these were worn for two
reasons, firstly to retain any liquids produced by sweat or accident and
secondly to cause a prisoner discomfort and chafing.

The leg part of the bloomers above the straps were weighed down with what
appeared to be several ounces of liquid, no doubt the product of their recent
exercise with the roller. Again Stewart found himself wondering the effect this
peculiar piece of clothing had caused the wearers and hoping that he would soon
be allowed to find out when the next order snapped out:

"Remove your boots and socks!"

Both prisoners sat down with some difficulty and with strained looks on their
faces as their restrictive knickers were tightened by their posture.  Their legs
were pulled up and they started to unfasten the thong laces on their heavy
boots. The underside was revealed to show heavy metal studding and plates in the
fashion of an old style military boot. This was confirmed by the heavy thud as
each article of footwear was removed and dropped the few inches to the concrete
floor. As the socks were pulled free from the reddened damp feet the odour
similar to rancid cheese flooded the area causing even the owner of the feet to
wince in disgust. Soon, however, the wet socks joined the other pile of clothes
and the boots were placed neatly on the floor in front of the table with the now
almost naked prisoners standing at the present once again.

Wrinkling her nose to indicate her displeasure with the scent of the prisoners,
Mrs Parsons asked the older girl some questions:

"What is the purpose of this rather unusual brassiere girl?"

Mueller hesitated looking at Stewart who's presence clearly caused her
considerable embarrassment and replied.

"Well Madam, we are told that this brassiere is to be worn with the working
uniform and when we exercise. It is hygienic in that it can be easily washed and
dried, it provides (another look in Stewart's direction) some degree of modesty
but still allows the breasts freedom of movement as is required at the institute
for exercise periods."

When asked if it was comfortable the prisoner gave a little grimace and said
that it was certainly not but quickly added that she was fully aware that she
was in the Centre to be punished and therefore she could not object. When
pressed she explained that the shoulder straps were rather rough thanks to the
stitching and they always dug into the shoulders of the larger breasted girls.
Also the chest strap was fitted tightly to cause irritation when breathing
deeply. Any sweat that collected inside also caused considerable irritation and
chafing around the inside top of the chest strap.

Mrs Parsons casually asked Stewart if he would mind running his hands over the
breasts of both prisoners to assess the support feature of the latex. Trying
hard to appear calm and disinterested,  Stewart went first to the taller younger
girl and firmly rubbed the latex covering her pointed breasts with both hands.
The firmness of both breasts surprised him especially when the initial reaction
to his touch was that the covered nipples became even harder.

The prisoner was mortified at his casual handling and was hard put to maintain
the present as she blushed down to the lower part of her stretched neck. He gave
her a final hard squeeze to both swollen nipples through the slippery rubber and
stood back. He then slowly walked over to the plumper girl who was similarly red
with embarrassment, placed his palms under the pendulous latex covered globes
and started to lift and squeeze. The slippery breasts were heavy and tried to
squirm away as the latex slipped and tightened over them. Gripping a little
firmer by digging his nails through the rubber into the soft flesh he lifted
both breasts to shoulder height and suddenly released them so that they fell
down to the prisoner's chest and stomach with a slapping sound. He then gripped
both nipples with unnecessary firmness to ensure that the wet nubs did not slip
from between the rubber gripped by his fingers, lifted them again so that both
large breasts were suspended clear of her chest and asked his first question:

"Tell me girl, do you have the same system in German Centres where you can have
your breasts caned if you commit three offences that are breast related?"

The girl was obviously in some pain from the grip but swallowed and asked
Stewart to repeat himself, seeming not to understand his reference to three
offences before punishment. When he repeated to question with exaggerated
slowness she immediately comprehended.

"No Sir we are not allowed such kindness in Germany, a breast offence is a
breast offence and we can expect to feel the cane across them each time we
infringe such a rule."  Under Stewart's questioning and increasing pressure with
his fingers she admitted that she had been breast caned twice. She went on to
say, with an ever increasing baring of her teeth to absorb the pain from her
nipples, that any second offence within a specified period automatically
resulted in the award of an increased number of strokes. Stewart kept up the
grip and continued to hold the heavy slippery breasts high whilst questioning
her.

"And when were these last caned girl?"

"Five days ago, Sir, just before I was brought to England." She replied. When
questioned as to her offence she admitted that she had been caught wearing half
cup breast supports hidden in the latex bra. "I have large breasts Sir, and they
do hurt when I am made to exercise them without support. It was extremely
foolish of me and I was detected when the Instructress in Physical Training gave
the class a uniform check and found them. She naturally placed me on a report to
the Lady Commandant and she ordered my punishment."

Clearly from the prisoner's constant fidgeting and her facial expressions,
Stewart had found an effective way to interrogate her. He gave the nipples an
extra twist and continued his questioning.

"Where you given any medical preparation?"

"Of course Sir, the Nurse gave me an injection in my thigh the night before to
ensure that my breasts were fully sensitive and that I would derive maximum
benefit from the infliction."

"And how many strokes did you have to take across each breast?"

"Twelve Sir, four across the upper surface, four under the breast with one of
the guards holding it clear of my chest-as you are doing now- and four across
the tip."

"Which would explain why you are squirming and wriggling now, no doubt."

" Yes Sir, they are very sore and tender."

Stewart suddenly released his grip and allowed them to fall back with a slap. He
knew that the return of circulation to the breast tips would be delightfully
unpleasant but chose to ignore her and turned towards the younger female.

"And what can you tell us about these knickers that you are wearing girl?"

Trying to avoid direct eye contact and with a face suffuse with embarrassment
she replied:

"We have to wear these knickers whenever we are in our working dress or when we
are exercised Sir. Sometimes we are also required to wear them for a few hours
after a beating. When we put them on a supervisor normally tightens the straps
to ensure that they are as uncomfortable and restrictive as possible and also to
ensure that they do not leak around the seals. We are told that they are
deliberately designed to be as uncomfortable as possible by causing discomfort
to our sensitive areas so we are not to complain or attempt to adjust them
ourselves."

"And what can we expect to find when Mrs Parsons orders you to remove the
knickers?"

There was a pause for several seconds as the implication of Stewart's remark was
absorbed. The female prisoners risked moving from the present position to glance
at each other in horror as they realised that they could be required to strip in
front of a male. Schultz plucked up courage and pleaded with Mrs Parsons."

"Please Madam, we are not required to strip in front of males in the Correction
Centre only the female staff. To do such a thing would be too humiliating. We
are also required to be fully shaved between our legs so we could not possibly
display ourselves if Mr Stewart was present."

Mrs Parson's reply was brief and stripped away any hope for modesty that the
females still retained.

 " How dare you question Mr Stewart's authority? When he or I require it you
will strip to the bare and furthermore you will display yourselves in any way we
require-without hesitation! You may expect to be punished for that remark later
this evening girl and you will now answer his question immediately!"

Summoning all her control Schultz explained that the straps would inevitably
leave deep marks in the skin for some time causing considerable discomfort,
especially between a girl's legs. Any fluid such as sweat would then make the
area very sore and tender. If a prisoner was wearing the knickers following a
thrashing, any sweat would constantly be wiped against the weals making them
sting even more. Stewart then asked if a girl ever lost control of her bladder
wearing the panties. She reluctantly said that sometimes she was ordered to do
just that to make the clothing even more humiliating and make the entire area
even more sore. There was a screw cap rather like a bottle top centred between
the legs but prisoners were not allowed to touch that themselves. If they were
lucky and the wardress remembered, she might remove it so that they could
urinate. If she did not, the hot urine simply went into the knickers.

The final hope dashed, the soiled and smelly females stood with silent tears
running down their faces and Mrs Parsons observed that she was well on the way
to breaking their obstinate superiority. She quickly moved to the next task so
that their momentum of degradation would be maintained. She asked Stewart to put
them through some exercises so that the advantages and disadvantages of the
unusual bra and knickers could be observed. He was already mentally prepared for
the order and had decided to order two basic types of exercise. The first to get
the breasts, or at least Mueller's breasts moving under the latex so that they
could see just how painful she found them. Secondly to get their legs and thighs
moving to observe the way the knickers gripped and restricted them. He gave the
first orders and soon had them standing, arms at the side and jumping on the
spot.

The younger girl found no problem with her pointed breasts not moving at all.
Unfortunately her fellow prisoner, who must have been at least a British size 38
double D demonstrated that the latex cups gave no support whatsoever and her
heavy breasts were soon swinging and bouncing. Calling them to higher jumps
Stewart managed to have the breasts bouncing individually and slapping into the
girl's chest on both the upward and downward flop. He began to appreciate why
she had taken the risk in putting some supports in the bra. Taking great
pleasure at the female's contorted face and groans he kept them hard at it for
two minutes before calling a halt. He then grasped the breathless girl's breasts
firmly in each hand as he again felt the full freedom they had to move. He
smiled at her and assured her that there would be other tests later that she
could look forward to.

Next he had them both lay on their backs and raise their feet and legs into a
cycling position with their buttocks supported by their hands and elbows. He
could see the liquid in the pants running uphill and obviously stinging
sensitive parts on route as he ordered cycling exercise to commence. Both
females demonstrated  some reluctance to "pedal" hard until Mrs Parsons told
them that their reluctance had been noted and would be punished later. The
remarks seemed to overcome their reluctance to impose more discomfort on their
lower regions and they both rotated their feet at an almost commendable rate,
admittedly with their teeth gritted and lips pulled back.

Stewart had them hard at the exercise for a full five minutes, steeling himself
against their obvious distress as they exercised their legs. Finally he called a
halt and let them rest, albeit still supported by the arms and with their knees
drawn up to their heaving chests. During the forced exercise he had noticed that
each pair of knickers did indeed have a white screw cap about one inch across
between the legs and made a mental note to examine it thoroughly later. He also
noticed a slightly smaller screw top situated further round the crotch strap and
wondered to himself what that was for.

Eventually they stood at the present knowing full well what was to come,
dreading the event but committed to the total obedience of either Stewart or Mrs
Parsons. The order soon came:

"Mr Stewart, would you please assist the ladies in removing their brassieres?"

Wordlessly Stewart stood behind Shultz and with difficulty, unfastened the
elasticated rubber strap that held the chest band tightly. The bra did not drop
free as expected and appeared glued to the chest skin. He soon found that the
heavy stitching had been pressed into the flesh and it had to be peeled off,
much like elastoplast. It was eventually freed and then the shoulder straps
peeled loose. Eventually the prisoner Schultz stood there with the cruel
indentations of the straps marking her pale flesh and her two small pointed
breasts fully exposed and still wet with sweat. He noticed how the hard ridge of
the chest strap had left a thin red under each pert breast and mentally
speculated what the bra will have done to her colleague.

With Mueller he made no attempt to be gentle. Having undone the strap he briskly
snatched the straps loose ignoring the exclamations. The two large swinging
mammaries now fell out. He was immediately aware of why the prisoner had
appeared to be so sensitive to his grip whenever he had handled her. They
obviously took breast punishments seriously at the Centre in which these
prisoners were incarcerated. Clearly a thin plastic type rod had been used
rather than a brutal cane but it had obviously been applied with severity. Each
breast had several bruise lines visible, including a cluster that terminated at
the aureole and continued on the other side leaving a plum coloured breast tip
and nipple in it's trail. The nipples and surrounds were swollen and not
entirely as a result of Stewart's recent efforts. They must have been made
supremely sensitive to the slightest touch, which would explain the female's
over-reaction when Stewart was gripping them earlier. Using the same grip he
lifted the breasts off her chest and examined the soft underside. Again the blue
lines were there and also a red chafing line caused by the hard chest strap of
the latex brassiere. He suddenly released them and heard, once again, the
satisfying sound of the breasts slapping against the chest and stomach with the
accompanying gasp from their owner.

Mrs Parsons informed the females that it was time for some more exercise and
instructed them to replace their damp socks and boots. This they did sitting on
the floor with their feet pulled up towards them The sock-smell made them
wrinkle their noses and they pulled them on their already reddened feet with
care taking several minutes to replace each heavy laced boot. Stewart too the
opportunity to question Mueller as to the purpose of the second screw top he had
seen under the crotch of the knickers.

She explained that it gave access to an open tube that fitted into their anus.
Should one of the staff consider it necessary, it could be used to insert a
suppository into their rectum without any need to remove their knickers. 
Stewart asked her what sort of suppository and she told him that the staff
frequently used what they called "encouragers" made out of some substance that
caused either stinging or itching to ensure that the prisoners felt obliged to
work harder. Guards that favoured their use carried a small pack of the various
types with a plunger device to insert them.

They then had to stand at attention, deeply aware how prominently they were
presenting their naked breasts. Mrs Parsons went on to tell them that she was
aware of how they were trained in marching drill and they were to get their
drill packs from their travel bags and hand them to Mr Stewart which they did.

Stewart took them outside and examined them. They were square packs about
eighteen inches square and nine inches deep and obviously designed to be
weighted. A complex system of straps supported the packs on the shoulders and
double straps went around the chests, one uncomfortably above the breasts and
one just as uncomfortably beneath. He didn't need to be told what to do and,
having located a pile of builder's sand, filled up both packs. On the way back
to the barn he passed a water-but, but not until he had scooped up some of the
water and added it to the sand to ensure that each pack was as compact and heavy
as possible. He arrived back in the barn with the heavy loads hanging down, one
from each hand.

The two female prisoners were told to assist each other in putting the packs in
place and soon had them square to their backs with all the various straps tight
and even. Despite their previous training they were obviously surprised by the
sheer weight of the packs compared with how heavy they had been on previous
occasions. The harness pressed into the top surface and bottom surface of the
younger female's breasts, but without undue discomfort. Unfortunately, this was
not the case with Mueller. The large breasts were trapped between the upper and
lower straps forcing the mounds into a flatter shape that lifted them away from
the chest and then left them dangling and unsupported over the ridge of the
lower strap.. This made balance even more difficult but she knew that it was
something she would have to overcome as immaculate foot-drill was an essential
test of her obedience and discipline. She had seen too many parade ground
thrashings in Germany to allow herself any sympathy. Finally, the long
regulation plats were hung over the packs and Stewart, noticing a convenient
clip on the pack top, used it to secure the hair. This ensured that the heads
were held high so that they would be obliged to look down their noses to see
where they were going.

Mrs Parsons took them both outside into the yard. Stewart positioned two
comfortable garden recliners in the middle of the enclosed courtyard while the
Housekeeper told them that they were to perform their drill until they were told
to stop. The older prisoner would give the orders and they would march as a pair
with as much "variety" to their drill as possible.

In no time the pair were marching smartly round the square, arms swinging and
knees high in an exaggerated form of military drill. They followed a set routine
that they had obviously been taught in the German Correctional Centre that
included several drill manoeuvres such as about turns, periods at double time,
slow time and marching on the spot. The sequence would have been hard work for
any fit soldier so it was certainly one that would require considerable effort
from the two females. Add the problems caused by the heavy pack to the normal
effort required and it all became a miserable and humiliating exercise. Their
nose high deportment added to the impression they gave of arrogance but created
more problems for them the least of which was a stiff neck. The part of the
drill that seemed to cause the maximum discomfort to Shultz was the marching on
the spot when the knees were pumped up to a point where the upper thighs were
level with the ground. She tried to ease her plight by opening her knees as they
came up but this was soon checked by Mrs Parsons. Mueller, on the other hand
seemed to find the double time marching to be the most distressing as the
combination of leg and arm movements set her dangling breasts off in a very
un-military like dance of their own.

It must have been fifteen minutes before Mrs Parsons called a halt and stood in
front of the two shaking and sweating prisoners.

"Not the high standard of drill that I would have expected. You have both
collected several demerit points for your lack of attention, slovenliness and
attempts to make things easy on yourself. I had hoped to avoid having to deal
with you in the punishment room but you really leave me no option as you both
clearly require to be brought back into line. You will be finding the next few
hours rather unpleasant, but it is entirely for your own good so I hope that you
will accept it in that way without argument. I would make one point: You both
seem to feel that it would be inappropriate for Mr Stewart here to see you
naked. This attitude pre-supposes that you have rights whilst in my care. YOU DO
NOT!  Mr Stewart will not only see you both naked, he will also be handling you
in the most embarrassing and intimate ways and there will be no objections. The
fact that your files describe you both as being lesbian in orientation in no way
grants you the rights to being dealt with solely by females, as seems to be the
case in Germany. You are prisoners and can be seen or handled by anyone in
authority, IS THAT CLEAR?"

The two dejected prisoners mumbled their agreement and were ordered to remove
their packs and follow Stewart down the steps into the basement. They were soon
standing at attention looking apprehensively around the room. The selection of
canes and straps were hanging from hooks on the wall but what really caused
their hearts to race were the two tables, set well apart with the plastic
mattresses on the top. The body sweat from their exercise ran down their chests
and backs but in the cold frightening coolness of the basement that soon dried
to add to their unpleasant odours that hung around them. They both knew that as
soiled, sweaty and dirty as they were, they would soon have to submit to any
examination, search or handling that Mrs Parsons deemed necessary.

Shultz had had limited experience with a boy friend or two but never really
enjoyed male contact. The elder Mueller last had a groping male hand and fingers
on her when she was eighteen and hated it. The both hoped that Mrs Parsons would
be taking the lead but from the protrusion visible in the front of Stewart's
chinos, knew in their heart that this would not be so. They had few hopes but
the ones that they had were shattered by Mrs Parson's first order.

"Mr Stewart, I have just remembered that these ladies have consumed a fair
amount of liquid and must be feeling a little uncomfortable. Perhaps you would
like to help them relieve themselves?"

Smiling, Stewart picked up a stainless steel bucket and advanced towards the
prisoners. "Now where was that release cap?" he thought to himself.

To be continued.




Chapter 41.

The two German females stood awaiting Stewart's order, their wide eyes staring
at the shiny bucket. He told them to climb up on one of the tables and then to
kneel facing away from him with their legs spread and head down.

The thick stitched crotch of the latex knickers with the two screw caps was now
fully exposed to him and Mrs Parsons. He was surprised, but made no comment when
she indicated that her was to delay things for a while as she rapidly climbed
the steps out of the basement.  He carefully reached between their spread thighs
and checked that each cap could be unscrewed and then tightened them again. The
prisoner's position could not help to ease any feeling of bladder fullness that
they might be experiencing and the tightness of the knicker straps around waist
and crotch must be restrictive in itself.

He stood at their heads and ordered them to kneel upright savouring the look of
fear and apprehension on both their faces.

"In a few moments I am going to allow you both to relieve yourselves. When I
give the order you will instantly obey without any delay for modesty or any
other emotion that you may feel. If I consider it necessary to handle or probe
you in any way, you will accept that as well. You have already incurred a severe
punishment tonight and if you take my advice, you won't do anything to increase
your problems."

He was idly handling Mueller's breasts when the door at the top of the steps
opened and Mrs Parsons returned carrying a small dish. On the dish was what
appeared to be two small pieces of some vegetable on lengths of string. With a
whispered order to Stewart, Mrs Parsons put them down on the table. Stewart
ordered them on to all fours with their heads well down and unscrewed, not the
larger caps, but the smaller ones. He slid his fore-finger into the plastic tube
that protruded into Mueller's anus and found that it was only about two inches
in depth, just enough to keep her sphincter dilated. His fingertip then
contacted the warm moist, and judging from the girl's involuntary lurch,
sensitive interior. When Stewart withdrew, Mrs Parsons advanced and now held a
pair of steel tweezers in her hand. She used them to pick up one of the items on
the dish and slowly inserted it into and beyond the tube. The process was
repeated with Shultz. Clearly the objects were of a size that needed no
retention so the caps were left off with the strings dangling..

Mrs Parsons addressed the confused prisoners:

"I apologise for my lack of equipment but I think you will soon agree that the
ginger-root suppository that I have just introduced into your rectums will prove
an adequate encouragement to you to perform as Mr Stewart requests. The longer
you take in obeying his orders, the longer the "encouragers" will be allowed to
do their work.

He ordered them back to the previous position and stood where he could see their
faces. The look of curiosity soon gave way to one of discomfort and then
distress. Both of their buttocks commenced a rhythmic motion as they tried to
dislodge the source of their anguish. Stewart had read how "gingering-up" had
been used by stable boys in times gone by to pep up the horses ridden by the
aristocratic ladies. He knew that it guaranteed a nervous and frisky mount and
certainly one that would keep his tail held high. He could only imagine the
sting generated by the pieces of raw ginger, especially in such a sensitive
area.


He moved to their rears and slid his hand between the older prisoner's legs
ensuring that he contacted the tops of her latex shrouded thighs and unscrewed
the forward cap. He then introduced his forefinger and found that instead of the
simple opening he expected, the cap gave access to a hollow plastic tube about
four inches deep and one inch in diameter. He was unable to penetrate to the tip
but could feel many smooth holes around the inside of the device that would
enable fluid to enter it. Clearly it protruded into the vagina and must add to
the general discomfort of the knickers.

He ordered the beetroot red woman to squat over the bucket and then told her to
release her bladder. Even Mrs Parsons accepted later that she had tried. Her
plump face was screwed up in concentration but she could not overcome the
psychological hurdle of urinating in front of a male.

Dispassionately, Stewart replaced the cap and turned to the housekeeper:

"Refusal to obey a direct order. Do you suggest that we deal with it now or
arrange a later punishment Mrs Parsons/"

The housekeeper sighed with feigned exasperation.

"She deserves a good thrashing immediately but even the cane would loose some
effect through those knickers. We will add the offence to the others she has
committed and deal with her later."

The statement was, of course, music to Stewart's ears, but he simply muttered a
few words of agreement and, having ordered the younger female into position over
the bucket, unscrewed the cap and commanded her to release. The comments about
the impending thrashing did their job and following a few seconds with the girl
squatting with a rapt expression of effort on her angular face, a gentle trickle
was soon followed by a downpour from the screw hole in the knickers. The noise
as the pale liquid hit the pail rang around the echoing cellar.

Stewart was just tightening the cap when the other prisoner suddenly became
agitated and asked for the bucket. Sensing triumph Stewart pretended not to
understand and forced the female to repeat herself. He then slowly put the
sloshing bucket in place. Too slowly it would seem from the distraught girl's
expression. Before he could even reach for the screw cap it was obvious that the
latex pants were being filled with a copious amount of hot urine.

A furious Mrs Parsons marched in front of Mueller and slapped both sides of her
face, hard.

"If this is your idea obedience, it certainly isn't mine. You clearly need to be
taught a lesson in English discipline. Mr Stewart, would you please take these
prisoners upstairs, remove their punishment knickers, have them shower and then
bring them back here for punishment.

Stewart told the two distraught prisoners to climb the stairs. He deliberately
ensured that the older female went last with him immediately behind her, so that
he had an opportunity to watch the fluid surge around both thigh tops and up
around her buttocks as she climbed the steps. He took them towards what was
normally the changing room and toilets for the ladies attending the riding
school but stopped just outside the barn ordering them to stand at the present
on the hard concrete surface.

Automatic security lights shone down on them removing the anonymity of the dark
that they had been hoping for. It was a crisp cold night and they were soon
shivering. He decided that Shultz would be the first to be totally stripped and
went behind her to unstrap first the waistband, which uncovered the buckle on
the crotch strap. Even when he had tugged that free the panties remained in
place with the stitched strapping digging in to the soft flesh. The grips around
the thighs were certainly watertight, seemed to be elasticised and would
probably need to be pulled down. He gave her a brief command:

"Get those knickers off...NOW!"

The female struggled to free the waist band from where it had dug into the flesh
around her waist then gritted her teeth as she alternated between pulling the
thigh grips down her legs and then easing the tightness of the crotch strap. As
the thigh cinches moved down her legs the sweat trapped in the latex pants
dribbled free to add to her embarrassment. Eventually the girl stood with the
shining-wet knickers at her feet and stepped clear leaving both her latex pants
and lower body steaming in the cold night air.

Mueller was then unstrapped from her knickers and ordered to remove them. Almost
immediately the warm urine was released and she was obliged to force the leg
grips down over her wet thighs until she too stood, dripping, steaming and naked
in the night air.


He then ordered them to stand with legs wide and bent over to grasp their
ankles. Removing the anal plugs had left the short lengths of string hanging
free from their small puckered anuses. Without sympathy he slowly pulled the
strings out along with the lump of ginger knowing that the effects of the roots
would far outlive their presence. Even under the bright lights he was unable to
see their intimate areas fully, but he resisted the temptation to make them
display themselves fully knowing that there would be more opportunities later
for that type of discipline. Perhaps the prisoners felt that the worst was over
when, with hardly a glance at their lower bodies, he ordered them into the
showers telling them they had five minutes to wash themselves down. As they
revelled in the hot cleansing water and washed themselves down with the scented
soaps left by the well-heeled lady riders. Stewart deliberately ignored them and
waited outside amusing himself by hosing down the knickers with a hosepipe.

He was thinking up a suitable excuse for a more detailed examination of his
charges when he was startled by the sudden arrival of Mrs Parsons from behind.
She told him that she would take over for a while as she wanted to get the
females dressed to give him an opportunity at "unwrapping the parcels" as she
put it with a smile. Stewart therefore, ambled down into the cellar to await
their arrival.

He carefully moved around the room examining the equipment that had been laid
out. He only wished that he could take the Germans to one of the punishment
rooms at the Centre where there was a fuller range of apparatus to have them
mount and a larger range of implements to inflict the pain.  He wondered how the
heavier, older female would cope with having her crotch supported by the horse
device or how she would feel naked and vulnerable in the breast punishment frame
awaiting the application of the thin breast cane to her substantial front. With
the absence of restraints he speculated that the two would have to demonstrate
unbelievable fortitude when they were at last thrashed, if they were to remain
in place and not earn further strokes or swats.

He spent almost a full hour thinking, planning and hoping before the door opened
and Miss Parsons led the prisoners down the steep steps. Stewart was amazed at
the transformation that had taken place with the two scruffy, dishevelled and
smelly females that he had sent to the shower. They were now dressed in what
appeared to be their formally tailored parade uniform with scrubbed faces and
not a hair out of place. They were ordered to stand next to each other and in a
rigid attention position. Stewart ran his eyes over them and noted their
polished high-heeled shoes, dark  stockinged legs. Short and tight light blue
skirt with a matching jacket in the same lightweight material with four brass
buttons down the front. A white shirt and collar with a dark blue plain tie. On
their heads was a neat light blue pillbox style hat held in place with a thin
leather chinstrap. Stewart was surprised at how much slimmer the uniforms made
the females look, particularly around their middles. Their hips and rears
positively bulged out from the waist. The slim Schultz looked positively thin
and even the short and chubby Mueller seemed slimmer, at least around the waist.
Mrs Parsons addressed them in a in a quiet soft voice.

"You are now in your parade uniform and will now be inspected by Mr Stewart. You
will find that he expects an extremely high standard of dress and deportment. He
may also be interested in how your uniform differs from that worn by female
prisoners in British Correctional Centres. Following your previous behaviour and
conduct here he will most certainly wish to carry out a very thorough inspection
to ascertain that you have ensured a high standard of personal hygiene during
your shower and preparations. I believe in treating you prisoners with utmost
fairness and so I will give you both a brief demonstration of how any faults
will be dealt with. That way you will be well prepared and I hope, fully aware
of how seriously we will regard any infractions."

Mrs Parsons went to the table on which lay several canes. In full view of the
prisoners she carefully selected a thin springy rod, swished it in the air a few
times, assessed its flexibility by bending it almost double and then pointed
with it to Schultz.

"Bend over, legs together hands touching your toes." She ordered.

The young female exhaled as she bent over and clearly found the position
uncomfortable. The uniform hat, obviously designed to remain on under any
conditions, remained clamped to her head with the long fair plat hanging down. 
Her rear appeared to stretch and tighten the thin skirt material to the maximum
with the hem forced half way up her stockinged thighs giving the impression of
two slim firm buttocks tightly packed. There was no evidence of any panties that
might offer some protection. Stewart felt that any insulation afforded by the
lightweight skirt material would be more than offset by the tightness of the
buttocks that it provided.

Mrs Parsons moved into position, drew the cane over her shoulder and lashed down
with the first stroke. It impacted across the centre of the proffered area with
a loud "twhick" sound. The victim made neither a movement nor a sound.  Three
more times the cane was raised and three more times it was brought swishing down
to the blue clad target. Mrs Parsons did nothing to spread the strokes using a
slight wrinkle in the material from the first stroke as an aiming point. The
only reaction from the girl was a slight shuffle of her high-heeled feet as she
felt the pain from the last stroke.

When she was ordered to stand her face was flushed but Stewart determined that
this was more from her position than reaction to the cane. The older woman was
soon in position awaiting her "demonstration". She seemed to find the position
even more difficult to hold and her buttocks seemed even more tightly packed
with the skirt riding a little higher. They certainly looked at least twice the
size of the other prisoner and with a wink at Stewart, Mrs Parsons laid down the
cane and selected a similar but longer one to allow for the increased area.

There was no increase in the number of strokes nor was there any more effort put
into the application. Each hissed down across the same line but this time
Stewart could see that it sank a little deeper into the firmly encased buttocks.
It will be interesting to compare the results later he mused to himself. This
time there was no more reaction from the doubled over prisoner than if Mrs
Parsons had lightly patted the seat with her hands. The training she had
received in Germany had obviously produced a very stoic female he thought. Mrs
Parsons replaced the cane and, with a flick of her head in the direction of the
two prisoners, indicated that it was now time for Stewart to put them through
their paces.

His plan was to steadily increase the level of humiliation that they were
subjected to until either they rebelled and had to be beaten back into line or
they submitted and allowed him any access or liberty without a murmur. Being
made to remove clothing in his very close presence was naturally to be a
favourite weapon in his armoury. He selected a very thin springy riding crop
from the table and tucked it under his left arm.

He started by standing in front of them, one at a time and carried out a
military type inspection. His eyes bored into the younger girl's, as she stared
straight-ahead not daring to even blink. He then carefully examined her from
head to toe. The skin on her face was beautifully clear and free of blemishes.
He pressed the tasselled tip of the crop under her nose to raise the angle of
her face slightly and kept it there with the tassel partially in her nostril
whilst he looked at her slim neck, white collar and tie. Moving down to the well
fitting jacket he gripped the top button below her tie and gave it a sharp tug
to see how tight the jacket was. It was tailored perfectly and even an increase
of a few pounds on the girl's frame would be noticed.

"Do they monitor your body weight it the Centre?" he asked.
Moving only her lips Schultz replied:

"Yes Sir. We are only allowed to increase our weight by half a kilo before we
are placed on a restrictive diet with an extra period of forced PT every day."

His eyes moved down taking in the gentle swell of her breasts and the slightly
protruding stomach that would have gone unnoticed were it not for the thin
material of her skirt. Finally, with a glance at her dark stockings and shiny
shoes he transferred his attention to her fellow prisoner.

Shorter and altogether heavier, Mueller's complexion was far coarser and would
have benefited more from an application of makeup. With the tight waist her
breasts were made to look even larger than when he saw her stripped. He held the
crop horizontally under the overhand and lifted them slightly.

"How is it that you have not slimmed down like your friend here?" he enquired.

"Sir, once we have been at the centre for a month we are required to maintain
the weight for which our uniforms were tailored. If I loose any weight I have to
eat a large bowl of scraps left over from the wardresses table after every meal
until the weight is regained."

Stewart pondered on how the wardresses could make their left-overs particularly
unpalatable for their charges and shuddered at the thought of having to eat
morsels that had been chewed then put back on the plate as too tough. Perhaps
they would stir in large dollops of hot mustard or sickly salad dressing.
Whatever. Then he released the pressure on the crop and continued his
inspection. Once again he found himself surprised at the narrowness of her waist
and noted the pronounced swelling of her skirted stomach under the lower part of
the jacket. The dark stockings did not obscure the fact that her legs were
thicker that Schultz's even though the shoes were more or less the same size. He
moved to their rear.

Time for some errors to be picked up thought Stewart to himself. With a flick of
his fingers he brushed an imaginary piece of fluff from Shultz's shoulder.

"Dirty uniform on parade if you please Mrs Parsons"

"Offence noted, Mr Stewart." Came the swift reply.

He transferred his attention to Mueller and pressed the tip of the crop against
the outside of her right leg then moved it upwards lifting the tight skirt half
way up her thigh. He repeated the action on her other leg and found what he had
been hoping for, a small blemish in the nylon material where it had been
snagged.

"Torn stockings on parade Mrs Parsons!" he snapped and another note was made.

Not a bad start Stewart thought to himself. Already they must be as nervous as
hell and they haven't had to remove anything yet. Slowly he moved back to their
fronts and gave the next order.

"Remove your jackets."

The two tailored tops were soon in the hands of Mrs Parsons and they were back
to the rigid attention position. Stewart decided to emphasise where his eyes
were looking by tracing their movements across the girl's bodies with the tip of
the crop. It was one thing to realise that you had to remain perfectly still
whilst a male looked at the swell of your breasts,  but quiet another thing to
have the tasselled tip of the crop traced the outline of both brassieres then
firmly irritate both nipples until they swelled and firmed. They had already
anticipated what Stewart's next order would be but when it came it still struck
to their very souls.

"I will now inspect your brassieres-remove your ties and shirts."

The moment had come when they would have to expose themselves to this male. They
both glanced quickly at Mrs Parsons hoping for some sisterly support but were
received with a stern stare of expectation. Almost in perfect co-ordination they
removed their ties, unbuttoned their shirts, pulled them free from the waistband
and put them in Stewart's outstretched hands. He placed the ties on a table then
proceeded to check all over the shirts for any marks. There were none but he
soon pointed out to Mrs Parsons how the underarm of both garments were wet with
sweat. He ordered them both to the present position and casually dragged his
fingertips, first around Shultz's armpits, then, having sniffed them loudly
around the more stubbled and wider armpits of the other prisoner. He questioned
Mueller:

"Good grief, don't you German prisoners put on any anti-perspirants?"

Her face flushed with embarrassment, Mueller stammered a reply:

"No Sir, they are not permitted for the prisoners, only for the guards. We are
expected to maintain our cleanliness without them which is why the wardress in
charge of our group makes us shave our bodies."

Stewart muttered his disbelief and questioned to himself what he would find
later in the inspection. This remark was not intended to go unnoticed and did
not go unnoticed from the sudden stiffening of both prisoners as they
contemplated just how far this Englishman would take such an inspection. Now the
fun bit starts he thought within his head.

The briefest glance at the Germans revealed the secret of their suddenly
narrower waists. They were both wearing a stiffly boned and very securely
tightened bustier type garment around their waists and extending up to
underneath their bras. It was in white to match their bra and was obviously
responsible for their narrow waists, bulging hips and stomachs not to mention
their discomfort when required to bend over. It was difficult to see any purpose
in it's wearing other than to cause the wearer discomfort and inconvenience but
it certainly made the uniforms look better tailored.
As to their bras, they were both of a flimsy construction three-quarter cup
style looking remarkably feminine for a prisoner's uniform. Tucking the crop
under his arm, Stewart started with Schultz and ran his fingers around the cups
and the swelling nipples, then over bare part of the breast where it bulged over
the top. The small breasts felt firm to the touch with the sizeable nipples out
of proportion to the size of the rest of the mammary. The thin shoulder straps
of the bra dug into the reddened and tender marks made by the latex bra, yet
more evidence of how uncomfortable the "exercise" underwear had been for them
both.

He then approached Mueller who stiffened and drew in her breath at the coming
assault remembering how painful Stewart had made it last time. At first he
resisted the temptation to make contact and simply looked her over. The swelling
breasts above the bra-line displayed thin blue lines of the earlier punishment
that had sensitised them to his grip. Instead of touching her in the slightest
he simply stood back and in almost a whisper gave her a simple order:

"Remove your brassiere".

This was not what Mueller had expected or prepared herself for and she hesitated
with what was becoming a routine glance at Mrs Parsons with her eyes pleading
for help. Mrs Parsons's response was chillingly unsupportive.

" You heard the order girl, I will give you five seconds to obey Mr Stewart. If
your breasts are not exposed for inspection at the end of that time, you will
have qualified yourself for another breast punishment."

Almost to Stewart's disappointment the breasts were bare just within the time
span and the bra was lying on the floor. Interestingly it was of the "front
loader" Continental style with the fastening between the cups. The bustier was
fastened at the front with criss-cross tapes and he could now see that it had a
support ledge running under the breasts that did support them slightly although
they were then left to hang down in Mueller's case. He grasped the nipples
between his thumb and finger-joint and lifted. By twisting and turning he could
examine the whole surface of both breasts. The German Wardress had certainly not
slacked when she laid on the thin breast cane. The four strokes across the top,
the four across the soft white undersides and the four across the aerolea were
all visible. Even though the nipple areas were not bruised the cane had
certainly left them supremely sensitive to the lightest touch, let alone the
savage gripping that Stewart employed. He turned to Schultz and ordered her to
strip off her bra.

There was not a second's hesitation. He had broken the sisterly bond where one
female would be reluctant to appear too co-operative in front of this man.
Schultz was obviously going to obey any order to protect her own
skin...literally. Within seconds she had unclipped the front of the garment and
it lay on the floor with her small pert breasts thrust forward in the present
position. The inspection was cursory, Stewart knew that the work would have to
be put in on the older girl to break her spirit rather that Schultz who gave
every sign of submission. He stood back where he could observe them both and
gave the next order:

"Remove skirts and hand them to Mrs Parsons."

Mueller's usual reluctance was overshadowed by the speed of her fellow prisoner
who had the skirt in the housekeeper's hands as rapidly as she could. Even so,
there was no real refusal from the female and she too soon stood in her bustier,
stockings, suspender belt, shoes and small thong panties. Stewart approached
Schultz, gently cupped her pudenda with his fingertips and questioned her.

"These little panties must be far more comfortable than the rubber ones you wore
earlier?"

"Yes, Sir, although we are required to wear these "tight" so they can be a
little uncomfortable where they fit into our...er... intimate parts...especially
when we have to exercise."

Stewart moved to their rear. Once again the sore areas created by the panty
straps were visible around both waists, from below the navel to the buttock
crease and around the tops of the thighs. Both buttocks were bare but on closer
examination of Mueller's ample backside a thin strip about a quarter of an inch
wide connected the front to the rear waistband, most of it lost in the anal
cleft. The marks of the earlier caning stood out as one uneven mark parallel
with the floor and there were many more fading marks from a previous discipline.
Stewart realised that it would take some effort on the part of Mrs Parsons and
himself to get through to this female. He gripped the slight weal on each side
between his fingers and thumb and squeezed firmly until the female winced with
the pain. He then released her and moved behind Schultz.

The recent mark looked more pronounced on the smaller, slimmer buttocks and
again there was the usual fading bruising from previous punishments. Once more
Stewart realised that it would be harder to impress discipline on this female
than many of the ones he had met in his own Correctional Centre.

"Time for us to get a little better acquainted" he remarked with a smile. "You
will now both remove your panties, hand them to me and then re-assume the
present position with your feet.... Naturally... wide apart."

Stewart had always considered that removing panties was a manoeuvre that was
almost impossible to execute with any degree of feminine grace. Add a pair of
large naked breasts, two witnesses and a requirement for speed to the equation
and this was bound to cause Mueller some problems. Sure enough it took several
seconds of bending with her breasts flopping about, a little stumbling as she
brought her feet together then wide apart and finally, a deep blush to her face
and shoulders before she stood with the garment held in front of her in her
right hand.

"Come along girl, I want to give these panties of yours a proper inspection,
stretch them between both hands so that they hang properly and I can see the
crotch."

Both prisoners stood as he had directed. First he held the flimsy material of
Mueller's panties in his fingertips looking at the inside. He hid his
disappointment at their pristine condition and moved on to Schultz. Again,
thanks to her recent shower, they were unsoiled.

"The time has clearly come when I need to carry out a very detailed examination
of these two prisoners Mrs Parsons. Perhaps this would be an opportune time to
administer the punishments that they have earned so far this evening. That might
well assist these females into being a little more co-operative with their
examinations as they both seem far too absorbed by their own modesty at
present."

Mrs Parsons then addressed the increasingly nervous females:

"I have discussed both of your cases with the duty Wardress in Frankfurt who has
assured me of her total support. I had hoped that a relatively light punishment
might suffice but having heard how frequently you have both been beaten in the
past we will clearly have to be more severe if we ever hope to improve your
level of obedience. We will therefore be restricting your punishment to the
cane, which we intend that you will find most painful. Unfortunately we have no
method of securing you during punishment so you will both be expected to
exercise self-control and limit your movements. Mr Stewart will apply the
required number of strokes and I will apply any additional ones that you earn by
not remaining in position. That way I will be concentrate all my energies on
ensuring that they will really be crisp ones."

In front of their victims, Stewart and Mrs Parsons then proceeded to select a
suitable cane for each female by comparing their lengths, flexibility length and
weight. Eventually two were chosen with the one selected for Schultz being a
little lighter and a shade shorter. Neither cane could however be described as
lightweight as both were as they should be, a means of inflicting considerable
pain. Mrs Parsons then pronounced sentence."

"You will both receive fifteen strokes across your buttocks."

Stewart nervously flexed the cane that had been selected for the younger girl
between his hands; desperately trying to remember the advice on caning he had
overheard in conversations between wardresses. He knew that his job was to hurt
as much as possible but without causing permanent damage or breaking the skin.
His previous experience had been limited to hand spanking and occasionally
slippering a complaint girl friend that he once had. This was different. This
was an authorised judicial thrashing. Remembering the chilling effect it had on
him when the wardress stripped to the waist, he slowly removed his shirt to
emphasise the effort he was about to impart to his duty. He used the time spent
adjusting his trousers to adjust his now hard penis into a more comfortable
angle.

Mrs Parsons positioned Schultz for her punishment. She had her stand at the end
of a heavy oak table, spread her legs until her toes touched the feet. Then,
because of her height, she placed a thick cushion under her stomach and had her
lay over the surface of the table gripping the edge with her arms at forty-five
degrees above her head. Her head was turned so that she would have to watch
Stewart during the event. She was at least to be made comfortable whilst being
made to feel very uncomfortable elsewhere on her body!

Following a few whispered words of advice from Mrs Parsons that emphasised they
girl's experience with receiving thrashings across her backside, as evidenced by
the relatively light marks that the previous strokes had caused, the time had
come.

" I will now inflict fifteen strokes of the cane across your buttocks. You will
remain in position until I tell you that you may move. Is that understood?"
Intoned Stewart.

A barely audible reply of "Yes Sir" came from the now shaking female.

Taking up a position to her left, he raised the cane and brought it swishing
down to impact across the centre of her buttocks with a viciousness that
surprised him. It certainly surprised the prisoner. For a second she appeared to
feel nothing, then as the weal started to form her body shuddered on the cushion
and a gasp was heard. Slowly he proceeded to cover the area from the top where
the top of the anal cleft to the slight overhand at the top of her thighs. He
made each one count and assessed his result on the gasps, moans and almost
indecent thrusting of the girl's stomach over the padding.
Certainly the lower strokes that dug into the soft flesh at the tops of the
thighs seemed the most effective. After the second lash into that area, number
twelve, she released her grip on the table and half stood to reach behind to
furiously massage the site of the blow. Strangely, Mrs Parsons said nothing
until several seconds had elapsed and then made but a brief comment.

"I do hope that you have found that movement helpful girl. It has just cost you
an extra four strokes for disobedience and I will double that if you do not
resume your position NOW!"

The girl panicked and literally threw herself back into position across the hard
surface. Stewart had found her weakness and must now exploit it. He leant over
the table until his face was inches from hers. Her eyes were wide and her lips
pulled back. Tears were forming and starting to drip on the table. The uniform
hat remained in position and the long plat snaked above her head.

"Guess where I am going to lay on the last three." He smiled.

He took his time. He used the tip of the cane to ensure that she was perfectly
positioned jabbing the inside of her calves to spread her feet just a little
further, taking in her exposed and shaved crotch with her all too exposed vulva.
He then gently pressed her back fully down on the table with the length of the
cane before taking up his position and bringing the thirteenth stroke sizzling
down to the joint between the buttocks and thighs.

He cursed silently to himself. The stroke obviously hurt her but landed across
the tops of her spread thighs rather than the soft spot he had aimed for. He
tried again and this time there was no doubt. The girl screamed briefly, bucked
at the cushion and almost repeated her earlier disobedience. Somehow she held on
leaving him but one stroke left.

This time he took his time, gently tapped his aiming point with the cane tip,
raised his arm high and brought the instrument of correction downwards, dead on
target.

Schultz gasped as if the air had been beaten out of her and then bucked and
reared on the table. Somehow her training took over and her hands remained
gripping the table edge although her feet were alternately lifting off the floor
in an attempt to reduce the agony in her thighs. Somehow she found it in herself
to remain in position even though she was sobbing with the pain. Stewart said
nothing, allowing the waves of pain to sweep over her without the comfort of
being allowed to rub the wealed and throbbing area. He made a mental note to
find some other way in which he could break her resolve and looked towards Mrs
Parsons.

"Four extras I believe." She muttered as she advanced on the girl taking the now
warm cane from Stewart. "I think I will give them across your delightfully long
legs, place your feet together."


The new position certainly displayed the young girl's thighs to their best
advantage. It seemed as if most of her height was in the trim long legs. From
the arched position of the high heels the gently swelling calves reached up to
the soft identations of the backs of the knees, then into the flaring muscles of
the thighs and finally to the reddened flesh of the buttocks. Because of the
girls height, her stomach partly restrained by the bustier was now well above
the table and just her small breasts and face made contact to stabilise her.
Once her hands were gripping the edge again, Mrs Parsons held the cane out at
thigh height and brought it skilfully in a semi-circle parallel with the floor
until it lashed into the white upright targets just above the tops of the dark
stockings and across the marks left by the latex knickers.. Schultz gave the now
familiar gasp,  but held her position.

"We don't want the girl limping for days Mr Stewart, so I will spread the rest
over the lower thighs. Would you be so kind as to lower the prisoners stockings
to give me a clear target?"

Stewart immediately kneeled down behind the female and with as much contact as
possible with her skin, reached around each thigh to unclasp the suspender clips
then roll the stockings down to her knees. With his face only inches from her
striped rear he could feel the heat being given off and smell the scent of the
girl's fear. Almost reluctantly he stood and moved clear.

All three strokes were delivered with venom and all contacted the sensitive
thigh-flesh with a force that soon raised four crisp parallel weals about an
inch apart. Both Mrs Parsons and Stewart were surprised with the girl's stoicism
as she managed to remain essentially in position. Certainly her feet doubled up
one at a time, to almost touch her thighs after every stroke but they were
certainly back firmly on the floor a second later.  "Extras" completed she was
allowed to move away from the table and rub her weals. Everyone in the room,
including Schultz realised that she had not been broken but that further
punishments might well follow that would achieve that aim.

Without waiting to be told Mueller took up her position across the table with an
almost defiant expression on her face. Stewart exchanged glances with Mrs
Parsons as they both realised that this was to be more of a challenge. Mueller
was deliberately sending the signal that she was well used to severe punishments
and her thick hide and strong will would not even be bent by the actions of a
mere male. Stewart ran his fingers over the proffered nates. The skin was
slightly rough to the touch and felt firmer and thicker than the norm. Clearly
several months in the strict German regime had hardened this prisoner both
physically and mentally.

Without comment Stewart replaced the cane that had been selected and then chose
a slightly thicker and meatier rod. A practice swish in the air demonstrated
that what it lacked in flexibility, it made up for in weight. If this female
wanted to challenge him, he would do his best to meet it. He realised that this
would require a more brutal application than Schultz received and that Mueller's
buttocks could, and would take a heavier stroke without damage. He stood to her
rear, planted his feet wide apart, raised the cane over his shoulder and brought
it whirring down to strike just above the tops of the heavy thighs.

It landed with a different sound, "thwuk",  to the one heard when the younger
girl was under the cane and it dug a little deeper into the more mature flesh.
Despite the energy Stewart imparted to the implement their was no sound and
scarcely a movement from the prisoner. He then started at the top of the
buttocks and moved, stroke by stroke back to the starting point. Such was the
condition of the skin that the weals were no more than red lines. It was stroke
eight before he really started to cause Mueller some discomfort and she started
to utter short grunts through her clenched teeth. Even so, Stewart was forced to
the opinion that she regarded the caning as merely routine. He continued and was
surprised to find himself sweating with the effort.

By stroke number twelve he was back in the area of the sulcus and determined to
get some reaction. He took time to stand behind the female and scrape the tip of
the cane up each spread inner thigh until it touched her shaved crotch. This
seemed to be more effective than the strokes in that it made her desperately
aware of just how blatantly she was exposed to his gaze. He then dragged the tip
down between her buttock cheeks taking care to prod the exposed anus en route to
the perineum. Finally, he dragged the tip up over the split in the vulva where
her inner lips were unusually prominent and for the first time achieved a
reaction. She stood on tiptoe in an attempt to avoid the intrusive tip and
shuddered with embarrassment. Stewart then realised that what would break this
obstinate fraulein wouldn't be a mere thrashing, but it could be a degree of
humiliation. This revelation made him anxious to complete the punishment and
proceed to a more productive procedure.

He laid the final strokes on hard and rapid. All struck into the soft lower part
of the buttocks and all on the same spot raising a thick weal at last. All the
reaction Stewart could see was an audible grunt and a little humping of the
cushion. It was time to move on to stage two he thought. He soon had both
females back at attention in front of him.

" You have just received a little reminder of my authority. Please do not think
that this will be the last such reminder that you will receive this evening.
Should your behaviour and obedience show the improvement that Mrs Parsons and I
are looking for....you may have a less painful time. If, however either of you
display any further lack of respect for our wishes, you may expect to find
yourself over that table for a further thrashing. "

He walked over to the table, pulled two latex medical gloves out of a box and
walked back to a position in front of them. Slowly he pulled the gloves over
each hand aware that both prisoners were staring  at them with total horror.

" I mentioned earlier the importance that we place on bodily hygiene.
Unfortunately we seem to be unique in this respect and find, all too often, that
the female prisoners that we have to work here do not come up to our standards.
I have to say that bearing in mind the state you were both in earlier I
anticipate the worst. However, much as I find it unpleasant, I will now have to
give you both a very thorough, intimate and uncomfortable examination. I
understand from Mrs Parsons that you are both well versed in other females
examining you and feel somewhat reluctant that you will now have to undergo an
examination by a male. I have no sympathy whatsoever. You are prisoners and will
accept whatever I do or require. Is that clear?"

They both stood, heads hanging down muttering their agreement.

"I will start with....Schultz!  You, girl will remove your hat, bustier,
suspender belt, stockings and shoes!"

This was it; the girl slowly removed the final vestiges of her female modesty
and stood, totally naked in front of Stewart. Her tall slim body trembling
slightly in anticipation of what he would do to her and knowing that she had
neither the right nor the courage to object.

"I want you up on the table on all fours, knees and elbows with your head well
down and backside thrust well up."

With the girl in position he quickly made the changes he needed by ensuring her
lower back was suitably dipped, knees widely apart and elbows wide enough to
ensure that her breasts were not obscured. Now for the clever bit he thought.
Having pulled another table round to a position in line with the one that
supported Schultz, he ordered Mueller to strip and mount it in an identical
position. He would then be able to do anything to the younger girl in front of
her, leaving her in no doubt as to what she was in for.

When she was in position Mueller presented an altogether different picture to
her younger friend. Her body was thicker and heavier and Stewart guessed that
but for the stringent shaving, would have been far more hirsute, particularly
around the crotch and armpits. The large breasts seemed to be poured in two
heaps under her so he reached out and roughly pulled each one to the side so
that the nipple areas were exposed. Then, with a final flick to the elastic
wrists on the gloves, he was ready.

To be continued.




Chapter 42,

Stewart realised that by carrying out a procedure on Schultz first, the
anticipation that Mueller experienced would add considerably to her experience.
He was pretty much convinced that the younger girl had already decided to
co-operate with anything that Mrs Parsons or he required and so it was the elder
female that would need their best efforts to break. A nod in the direction of
the housekeeper was all that was needed: She selected a cane from the table and
placed the tip under Mueller's chin then lifted it uncomfortably so that
Schultz's prominent rear was in direct line with her eyes.

He took a small dispenser of body cream in his left hand and liberally applied
it to the gloved fingers of his right. Placing the small spout of the bottle on
the tip of the females pink, puckered anus he squirted a globule of cream into
the concave surface. Whether it was the cold of the cream or just the
realisation that the secret orifice was to be penetrated was impossible to guess
but the girl's buttocks lurched forward a few inches in protest. A sharp word
from Mrs Parsons soon had her backside in the upthrust position.

Slowly Stewart rubbed his index fingertip around the now twitching rim and then
located the centre. He suddenly jabbed the tip down and Shultz gasped as the
digit penetrated the tight orifice that then clamped tightly around his joint in
silent protest. He then slowly pushed the finger in against the restriction of
her sphincter that gripped his finger with unbelievable strength. Eventually his
had entered her warm rectum up to the knuckle and he proceeded to search the
tight cavity with his fingertip as if searching for some object. Twisting his
finger around he pressed firmly against the walls of the rectum causing the
prisoner to gasp and twitch with both the discomfort and obvious humiliation. He
then slowly pulled the finger out until the anus closed behind it. A brief
glance at the next victim revealed the look of distaste and fear on her face as
she wondered how long it would be before she underwent the same invasion by this
male.

Wordlessly Stewart moved to the rear of Mueller and Mrs Parsons withdrew the
cane tip from under her chin. It was to be now.

Stewart wasted no time with further lubrication and relied on the cream already
on the glove. This anus was altogether different. It was almost twice the
diameter and dark brown in colour with copious shaved stubble around it's outer
edges. He pressed the fingertip against the centre.

"Have you been penetrated here before girl?" he enquired.

"Y-yes Sir, we are sometimes searched for drugs by one of the wardresses and
they have a device that can be inserted to search our cavities."

"But this will be the first time that you have been penetrated by a male finger
I presume?"

The confirming reply from Mueller was almost inaudible and swallowed by a deep
sob of humiliation.

Another brief glance at Mrs Parsons resulted in her standing on the other side
of the prisoner under examination. She reached over, and placing both sets of
fingers in the anal cleft, pulled the plump cheeks even wider apart. This was
unnecessary but could only add to the felling of shame that the girls so
obviously felt. With the anus now stretched to an oval shape, Stewart suddenly
jabbed the finger home to the first knuckle. The reaction from the sphincter was
even more pronounced and his finger felt as if it was gripped by a vice.

" I will warn you just this once to relax your anus girl, otherwise I will
arrange for Mrs Parsons to apply another piece of ginger to loosen you up!"

Reluctantly the pressure eased and he was able to insert the finger by twisting
it about its axis as he pressed it firmly home. It would have been simpler to
apply more lubricant but he had no intention of making this examination in any
way easy for the female. He then slowly withdrew, but then repeated the invasion
with two fingers finding that he was unable to gain entry as he wished until he
reluctantly applied copious lubrication to both the fingers and the slightly
open orifice. Now the two digits slipped easily in to the deeper recesses with a
slurping sound that reverberated around the cellar. He twisted and pressed,
ignoring the gasps and whimpers that emanated from the opposite end of the
prisoner, until he had probed the rectum as far as he was able. He withdrew with
a loud plop and casually pulled the gloves off discarding them in a small bin.

"I will now examine other areas. You will lay on your backs with your buttocks
on the edge of the table. Your knees will be drawn up to your chests and kept
wide, I repeat, wide apart. You may support your legs with your hands. Miss
Parsons will then place a cushion under each of your backsides to ensure that
you are fully exposed to me.

Within seconds both prisoners were in the required position that obliged them to
flaunt their feminine genitalia before his gaze. Mrs Parsons adjusted the
overhead lights to focus on the vulvas whilst he donned a clean pair of latex
gloves and moved to Schultz's head.

Without comment he gripped her jaw and pulled the mouth fully open. She stifled
her surprise as he ran the fingers of his right hand around her teeth pulling
her cheeks wide. Her near perfect white teeth were examined as if he were a
dentist carrying out a routine mouth check but there was nothing in her
expression that indicated any awareness of why he was checking her mouth.
Gripping the pink tongue with the thumb and fingers of his left hand he gently
slid two fingers of his other gloved hand down over the upper surface of the
tongue towards the back of the throat, reaching back as far as he could to check
the gag reflex. Before his fingers had reached the half way point the girl was
coughing and then started to gag.

Without comment he released her and ignoring the pert breasts, stood between her
splayed thighs visually examining her crotch. The results of the chafing, latex
panties was still obvious and contrasted against the white of the younger girl's
skin.  The lubrication around the anus shone brightly in the lights, and as his
eyes moved upwards he observed how the vulval split remained tightly shut
despite the angle of her thighs. Only a small bud protruded near the top. Gently
he stroked the small protrusion with a fingertip causing the girl to twitch her
thighs in protest.

"Keep still!" snapped Mrs Parsons.

It took a full two minutes of gentle rubbing before the nub started to swell and
ease the outer lips apart. At this point Stewart stopped and firmly eased his
finger into the now moist entrance. He quickly followed the single digit with
another as he thrust deeper into the now trembling girl's vagina feeling the
warmth of her inner body through the latex of the glove. Mrs Parsons walked over
and stood on the opposite side of the table. She too had donned gloves and also
held two clamp devices in her hands. She quickly opened one of the plastic
bulldog clip objects, located it against the outer vaginal lip nearest her, let
it close over the edge of the lip and then repeated the protest with the other
clip. Suddenly she snatched the two clips wide apart instantly splaying the
girl's vagina. Her knees, supported by her hands instinctively started to close
to offer herself some protection from Stewart's gaze but then, as quickly as
they had started to close her training took over, and obediently, they resumed
their correct position.

The soft pink of her inner lips and secret cavity contrasted with the pale
whiteness of the outer skin. The girl, though able to control her bodily
position could not cover her deep humiliation and sobbed quietly to herself as
Stewart removed his fingers and rubbed them firmly over the exposed inner flesh
for several minutes. He pressed firmly against the small round opening to the
urethra causing the prisoner to gasp in a protective reaction. Then he
penetrated the major opening once more with his two gloved fingers commenting to
Mrs Parsons on the surprising amount of natural lubrication that the female was
providing and, to her total humiliation, speculating on whether she was deriving
any illicit sexual pleasure from the examination.

Eventually, the prodding and poking was over and Stewart and Mrs Parsons moved
to the table that contained the older prisoner. Pointedly not changing the
gloves, Stewart grasped Mueller's chin with his left hand and was soon crudely
and roughly examining the contents of the mouth with his rather slimy fingers of
his right hand. Perhaps it was her previous lesbian experiences, perhaps it was
her fear of punishment or perhaps it was simply her inbred sheer obstinacy and
determination not to show any reaction that made her accept the intrusion
without any attempt to resist. Even the fingers pushed down over the tongue and
into the rear of her throat only invoked a gurgle as she adjusted to their
presence.

Promising, promising, thought Stewart to himself.

He moved down to the lower area, stood between the splayed thighs and closely
examined his subject. The coarser skin displayed more dark stubble, as it had
clearly been a couple of days since she was last able to shave herself. The red
marks of caused by the latex pants gave the area a generally sore and sensitive
look and the twin lips of the vulva gaped rather obscenely as the thighs were
held wide apart. Stewart realised that some females displayed some of their
genitalia on the outside of their outer lips but, in this position, Mueller
simply retained no secrets from him. The large wrinkled hood of her clitoris
protruded well clear of her body and the hidden nub was defying that particular
definition as it was already partly exposed. Her heavy frond like inner lips
were well clear of the vulva and well parted fully exposing all the wrinkled
intricacies of their construction. Even the vaginal opening was as exposed as if
he had just removed a probing instrument from its depths and could be seen to be
drying in the gentle breeze that wafted between the thighs every time he moved.

Without any warning he placed his fingertip behind his thumb and flicked the
swollen clitoral hood with his nail. Mueller suddenly yelped loudly and her
knees slammed together almost trapping Stewart's hand. At last she had shown
some reaction to his efforts, but alas for the prisoner, so did Mrs Parsons. She
stormed over to the equipment table, collected a long thin dressage whip and
leant over the now shaking female.

"Since you seem to be intent on disobeying the instructions to display yourself
to Mr Stewart, I will have to offer you some encouragement girl!"

She swiftly arranged two stools and placed them wide apart below the level of
the table. With Mueller's feet on either one they left her thighs widely spread
with her knees level with her pelvis.

" You will receive six lashes with this riding whip across each of your inner
thighs. Should you dare to try to close your legs I will start again until I
have been able to give you twelve consecutive and unobstructed strokes. Is that
clear?"

Stewart realised that for the first time, Mueller was really frightened. Twelve
lashes on the soft inner thighs would be a trial for even a hardened prisoner
like herself but take them she would, or face even more punishment. Mrs Parsons
flexed the four-foot whalebone rod with its fine leather platted shaft. It was
extremely flexible and ended in a six-inch tassel of knotted cord. Designed to
correct the errors of a horse under tuition it was certain to make an impression
on the skin of a female, in every sense of the word.

The cellar seemed even more silent as Mrs Parsons stood to the prisoner's right,
ordered her to position her right leg with the knee doubled back and pressing
into her right breast, leaving the right thigh terrifyingly clear for the whip.
Stewart had just had time to observe how this strained position distorted the
girl's crotch and vulva even more than before when, with a sharp short whistle,
the tip of the whip was brought vertically down just above the knee. The first
six inches of the whip lashed into the relatively firm muscle of the lower thigh
letting the tasselled cord whip across the top of the leg. The next stroke
followed without delay and landed just two inches further up the leg.

Ignoring the sounds that Mueller was making through her clenched teeth, Mrs
Parsons continue. As the strokes moved upward towards her crotch, it was
apparent that the sensitivity of the thigh increased and that a greater level of
self-control had to be exercised by the female under punishment. The final
stroke could only have missed the protruding genitalia by a millimetre as it
indented the very softest part of the thigh at the top of the leg.

Mrs Parsons rapidly moved to the other side and ordered the left leg to be
raised clear. The skin had tightened around the rapidly forming wheals on what
was clearly a new area for punishment in the girl's experience. Somehow she
overcame the tightness and associated pain and positioned herself for the
assault on her other thigh. Stewart could only guess at the inner turmoil that
the prisoner was undergoing as she subdued her pride and simply obeyed to avoid
even more pain.

The housekeeper dealt with the right thigh in a few brief seconds, without
however showing any more mercy than she had for the left. She clearly sensed
that even Mueller had limits and that speed in infliction was necessary and
fair.  As soon as the last stroke lashed home she helped lower the raised leg so
that both, now shaking and twitching limbs were back with the feet on the
stools. By moving the stools closer to the examination table the girl's thighs
were raised and once again she was in the inspection position that would hold no
secrets from Stewart. Another stool was fetched and placed between the punished
limbs and following a nod from Mrs Parsons, Stewart took his seat.

He found that his bare shoulders fitted neatly between the still twitching limbs
with the obscenely exposed genitalia laid out in front of him. The scent of a
frightened female was strong as he inhaled and his breathing out could obviously
be felt on the exposed and sensitive flesh.  Almost gently, he ran the backs of
his fingers up and down the thrusting inner lips feeling them quiver as they
were gently rubbed by the hand. He then firmly gripped the clitoral hood with
the left fingers and with the tip of his right forefinger, started to rub around
the visibly protruding centre.

"Pplease Sir", came the contrite voice from the table. "Please don't touch me
there."

Stewart reacted by bringing the flat of his right gloved hand down hard on the
exposed crotch, feeling the protrusions flatten under the slap. He gave the
crotch several hard slaps before continuing. To the red chafing caused by the
punishment panties her whole pudenda now assumed a pinkish glow that Stewart was
perfectly prepared to turn bright red if need be with a further pussy spanking.

It wasn't.

The girl now lay in silence as his firm pressure caused the nub to swell and
extend beyond its protective foreskin. A short gasp and a flexing of the thighs
indicated that he should stop if Mrs Parson's rule of minimising sexual pleasure
for the prisoners was to be observed.  The scent of arousal now mixed with that
of fear as he easily slipped three fingers into her cavity and proceeded to
examine the inner walls with his fingertips finally reaching upwards with his
index finger searching and finding her G spot.

A low moan of utter humiliation came from the girl who now fully appreciated
that she was Stewart's, to do with as he wished. Even his careful stimulation of
the spot resulted in increased embarrassment rather than pleasure as she fought
the sensations caused by nature.

Suddenly, Stewart snatched his hand free and stood up explaining that he had no
intention of continuing with the examination if the prisoner found it too
pleasant.

Mrs Parsons agreed and said that it was perhaps time for Stewart to gain some
reward for his efforts. She called the females back to the attention position in
front of their tormentors and made an announcement.

"Your behaviour and obedience this evening has left much to be desired. I simply
don't have the time to thrash you until you learn to show respect to your
betters and will probably have to compromise by sending you back to Germany with
an adverse report that they can deal with at your Correctional Centre. I can
however offer you one last chance. As well as being in charge of you, Mr Stewart
is also a male with the usual requirements of his gender. I propose leaving you
both in his complete charge for two hours. During that time he may require you
to display your obedience and respect in any way that he sees fit. Should you
manage to please him you will be released without an adverse report. Should
either of you fail to please him you will be returned to Frankfurt facing some
very unpleasant consequences.

Is that understood?"

The two naked and abject females nodded their agreement with an apprehensive
glance in the direction of their male guard. Mrs Parsons then held a long
whispered conversation with Stewart out of their hearing and returned to address
them again.

" Your primary duty will be to provide any form of relaxation that he may
require and naturally, he will be authorised to discipline you should you
require it. I trust that you will be successful in achieving a good report from
him. Follow me!"

With that she led the prisoners up the stairs and out of the cellar. Stewart
collected a few punishment instruments from the table and took himself to the
room in the top of the house that Mrs Parsons had recommended.

It was a large room in the attic, well away from the rest of the house and
seemingly the one that Mr McEwan used when he was dealing with reluctant
servants. There was a King sized bed against the wall and a collection of other
items of furniture including a heavy padded stool with restraining straps. Large
mirrors lined one wall and added to the feeling of impersonal space. A door led
off to a large bathroom and toilet. Stewart placed the implements on a table
against the wall and examined the row of containers that stood on the surface.
There were tubes of lubricating gel, paper towels and condom packets, all of
which indicated the true purpose of the bedroom.

He lay on the bed, still stripped to the waist, for some time contemplating the
self-indulgent plan that he was formulating. He could order these two females to
do anything and probably would. He could also discipline them on a whim and they
would have to accept his cruelty. Would they dare display any reluctance and
would that reluctance even add to his pleasure? Will it be necessary to thrash
them into obedience?  He was just pondering whether he would have them perform
on each other when there was a timid knock at the door. On his command to
"enter" the two nervous prisoners entered the room and stood at attention next
to the bed.

Mrs Parsons had certainly had them dress for the occasion. They wore tight white
blouses and short grey skirts with stockings and their uniform high heels. Their
fair hair had been released from the long plats and now hung down almost to
their waists. Just enough make-up had been applied to their faces to highlight
the femininity of their rather hard expressions. They were there for one reason
and the submissive downward position of their eyes acknowledged that. He decided
to start by giving them both a lecture that would remove what little hope they
had of not being abused in any way that he saw fit.

" I will make it clear as to why you are both here in front of me. You are here
to please me sexually in any way that I require. You will strip on my orders,
you will take up any position on my orders, you will perform any duty that I
order...without question or objection. You will give me access to any part of
your bodies, you will accept any handling or probing and you will perform any
sex act that I order. Should any of my actions be uncomfortable or even painful
for you, you will raise no objections

Is that understood?"

The nodded assent and murmured words only served to irritate Stewart. He stood,
went over to the table and selected a meaty, leather-covered paddle. He then
moved behind his prisoners, told them to place their hands on their heads and
lifted up Schultz's short skirt to expose her right buttock and thigh. Without
any further discussion he then gave he six, rapid hard slaps across the upper
part of the thigh and lower buttock. This was repeated for Mueller then he
resumed his seat on the bed and asked once again if they understood. This time
the red faced females responded with a more than audible reply.

He then stood, removed his chinos and loafers and stood before them in just a
pair of scanty male briefs. His erection was all too obvious and added to the
hopelessness the prisoners felt as they realised that the time for their first
obedience test was rapidly approaching. He ordered them to kneel side by side,
knees together and hands behind their backs. He then stood with the contents of
his briefs pressing against Schultz's prominent nose and slowly pulled the top
of the briefs down until his penis flicked free and lay against her cheek.

"Right girl, without using your hands you will push my foreskin back and clean
my penis."

He guessed that for the less experienced female, this would be the first time
she had been required to carry out this act but anticipated that with her thigh
still stinging from the paddle, she would do her best. He was not disappointed.
She manoeuvred her head, opened her mouth and gripped the covered glans gently
with her teeth moving her head forward. His foreskin slipped easily back and the
super sensitive glans was enclosed in the warm mouth with the girl's lips
gripping the edge of the swollen knob. She made a soft mewing sound, possibly
registering what for her was the unpleasant taste and smell of the aroused male
organ. For a second Stewart almost felt sympathy realising that it was some time
since he had washed. Then he remembered the total lack of interest in their own
hygiene that several of the wardresses had demonstrated when he had been
required to carry out such duties on the female crotch, and immediately asserted
his right to stimulation.

He gripped the girl's ear lobes with his nails and started to pull the
prisoner's head towards and away from his body. Schultz soon got the message and
rocked her head herself until Stewart, realising how close the tight young mouth
was to making him ejaculate, suddenly pulled back with the now wet and slippery
penis back in the open.

He dropped his briefs to the floor and discarded them. Then he moved the aroused
penis, smeared with its own natural secretions and now further moistened by the
younger girl's saliva, towards Mueller's clenched teeth. With a look of total
resignation she opened her mouth, leant forward and started to lick the glans
with the tip of her tongue. She kept this up for some time and although Stewart
found it decidedly pleasant, it was not what he wanted. A sharp threat of using
the cane on her legs again soon resulted in the female taking the whole of his
penis into her mouth until he could feel the tip pressing against the back of
her throat. The pouting lips closed around the shaft and he soon felt the girl
sucking, licking and sliding him in what was the best oral sex he had ever
experienced. Reduced to breathing through her flared nostrils she threw her
whole body into keeping her head moving in just the right way. Without prompting
her hands came from behind her back and gently cupped his hanging testicles and
then gripped his thigh flesh as she steadied herself and increased the tempo
towards the inevitable.

Stewart was no longer in control. It had been so long since his last orgasm, and
that had been in the clinically cold method selected by a wardress. Now he was
inside the warm female mouth and all was lost. He could not help the strangled
snarl that came from his lips as his peak was reached and he could feel the hot
fluid force itself along the organ to freedom and into the prisoner's throat. It
was Stewart who called a halt and without orders the girl stopped, but kept her
lips sealed around the ridge of his glans to prevent any leakage despite her
obvious tendency to choke on the copious amount of liquid that he had deposited.
He firmly withdrew his penis, cautioning her not to spill a drop and left her,
lips tight, whilst her put the sagging shiny and still dripping penis in front
of the younger girl's mouth. He then had the double pleasure of having her
lick-clean the organ whilst watching the other girl follow his orders and
swallow, until she was able to open her mouth to him in proof that she had taken
his sperm leaving only the slimy residue on her teeth and tongue.

Without taking his eyes of the sucking and licking Schultz he gave the next
order to Mueller. Her conduct may not have earned her a thrashing but she
neither expected nor received any compliment. She was simply told to strip to
the waist and lay on the bed.

Stewart left the oral ministrations of the kneeling prisoner and taking a tube
of lubricating cream, went over to the bed and knelt astride the half clothed
Mueller. He then applied a liberal amount of the cream to the space in between
her large soft breasts and leant over so that his less than rigid penis nestled
between them. She needed no new order and, using her still sensitive and bruised
bosoms, gripped his penis between them and started to rub and slide the soft
flesh over the organ.

Even though much of the bruising from the breast punishments earlier in the week
had softened it still required an act of stoicism on her part to grip a tender
breast in each hand and use it like a large handful of cooking dough. It was the
combination of the sensuous flesh sliding over his most sensitive skin and the
look of pain on her tightened face that worked the miracle and soon had him back
to a firm erection once more. Climbing from his astride position he stood away
from the bed and motioned the two prisoners to stand in front of him. He ordered
Schultz to strip off her blouse and bra. He then took a seat, with his legs wide
apart on the wooden chair and motioned her to him. Her task was explained; she
was to excite the nipples on her small breasts and, taking each nipple in turn,
use it to rub the exposed glans.

She knelt between his legs and scratched at each nubbin in turn until the pink
stalk was hard. She then took his penis in her left hand and offered up her pert
left breast with her right hand.  The nipple was almost rigid as it was used to
prod and scrape the swollen penis tip in an action every bit as erotic as
Stewart had hoped. When she transferred breasts to the right one the nipple was
slightly longer and with effort, she was able to introduce it into the opening
slit at the end to add to his pleasure.

He allowed her to continue her efforts for some minutes before ordering her to
stop. He was both surprised and pleased with their efforts so far, but realised
that it was the ever-present possibility of punishment that provided the
incentive for them. He pondered whether he should discipline them before
embarking on the next stage. Such an unfair infliction of pain would be against
his normal standards of behaviour but these women were, after all, prisoners and
needed to be treated as such. He selected a thin riding crop from the collection
that he had brought and resumed his seat with them both in front of him.

"I now intend to derive a little pleasure from your lower regions. Just in case
you are thinking of any form of objection, I will warm the area up first to
re-establish your positions as my servants. I intend that this will be very
unfair, very painful and very effective, remove your skirts and take up the
present."

Within seconds his victims stood rigidly in position wearing just their white
thong panties, suspender belts, stockings and shoes. Proof that he was at last
getting through to Mueller was evidenced by her look of apprehension and the way
she was nibbling her lower lip.

He prodded both sets of breasts with the tabbed tip of the crop.

"Fortunately, you both worked hard in using these for my pleasure so they escape
having the crop applied to them...this time. Instead I will give you both and
old-fashioned thrashing across your backsides-just to act as a reminder of who
is the boss around here. This crop looks a real bitch so I will be kind and only
give you ten strokes each...but they will be good ones believe me. Now, bend
over clasping your ankles, legs wide and let me see a pair of really tight
buttocks!"

Their posture was such that even the thin strap of the thongs was fully visible
between the taught nates. Their long fair hair trailed on the carpet and their
flushed faces stared at him through their parted and bruised legs. He wondered
if he should give them a spot panty check but reasoned that he hardly needed an
excuse to punish them. The fact that the coming pain was not for any offence and
therefore totally unjustified and totally unfair would add to their feeling of
hopelessness far more than a routine punishment for an accepted error.

He stood to Mueller's left, gave the crop a few practice swishes that passed
close enough to her proffered flesh to let her feel the disturbed air and raised
the cruel implement over his right shoulder to bring it whistling down across
the undefended girl's buttocks. He aimed for the centre of the target and the
left cheek knowing that the crop would then safely take in the other cheek
without leaving an overlay on her right thigh. He remembered the sniggering
contempt of the wardresses to one of the staff who accidentally wealed the
victims thighs leaving blue lines wide of the true target. He would keep his
marks inside the vertical straps of the suspender belt if possible.

A second or two after the stroke and the female gasped as the pain level soared
and peaked, but still remained in position.  The next three strokes were laid on
with some speed but retained their accuracy, leaving first thin white and then
broader red lines beneath and parallel to the first. This time, as the pain
peaked, Mueller uttered a low moan and lifted herself on tiptoe with her knees
bending as she absorbed the agony. Stewart ran the crop up her left thigh,
scraping the weals caused by the dressage whip, then into her crotch, firmly
lifting the tip up into the crease in the tight panties. Then he located the
vulva and sawed the implement forward and backwards. An almost imperceptible
shudder ran through her body as he contacted the centre of her being. Leaving
the crop pressed hard against her slit, he told her to close her legs tightly.
He then pulled the crop out against the increased friction. Now he would work on
the softer area at the lower level of the seat.

Three rapid cruel strokes came down almost on the same spot, and again he waited
for the peak. This time, understandably, the high heels shuffled but soon
regained their position. Then the crop was raised and brought down for the last
three rapid strokes. It was Stewart's intention and hope to make her lose her
composure, as he knew that this would cause her more distress than any amount of
pain. Could he make her beg he wondered as the strokes lashed down, with two
overlays into the soft joint of thigh and leg?

It worked.

The proud German prisoner fell onto her knees with her hands clasped
protectively around her upper thighs. When he lifted her chin up with the crop
tip he saw the tears run down her face.

"So, you decided to move during punishment Mueller!" snapped Stewart. The girl
could only sob. She realised that such a disobedient act would require a severe
punishment, but she was already at the end of her ability to accept pain and
would need to be strapped down before he commenced to discipline her for moving.
She desperately ran ideas around her brain, she would do anything to avoid an
adverse report following her back to Frankfurt where this thrashing would be
repeated several times over. Stewart had a plan.

"I could of course start from the beginning and give you another ten with this
whip for daring to move. In fact I could go on all day until you learned to obey
my orders but I will be kind to you. If you agree to me taking my sexual
pleasure by using ...well...using your less conventional orifice...then I will
let you off with just three extras. I have to warn you that it may be less
pleasant than even you expect as Mrs Parsons has given me strict instructions
that you are not to derive any pleasure from any such act."

"Sir...please...I will agree to anything that you wish as long as you don't give
me a bad report," She sniffed with the nasal secretions running down her mouth
and chin.

It took Stewart less than a couple of minutes to have her remove her panty-thong
and drape herself over the heavy square wooden stool with the leather padded
top. The waiting straps were soon pinioning her wrists and ankles with two final
straps slightly parting her knees. Moving over to the table he picked up a
condom packet, handed it to Schultz and told her to place it on his fully erect
organ.  When she had slid the latex fully up the shaft he selected the squeezy
bottle with a hand written note stuck on the side that Mrs Parsons had
mentioned. It had the cautionary warning: "May sting open cuts." She had
described it as Mr McEwan's special cream that he used to prevent young females
obtaining any sexual pleasure from his efforts. He carefully slipped on a latex
glove and then liberally smeared the thick pink mixture over the business end of
the condom. It smelt like some form of embrocation, the sort that was often used
for sore muscles following heavy exercise. The lubrication would certainly be
necessary and a touch of added discomfort from the cream would remind Mueller of
her place in life.

It came as no surprise to Stewart that the wooden stool presented the prisoner's
upturned bottom at just the right height. Clearly, Mr McEwan and himself were of
a similar size, and not just in clothes. The slightly squat arrangements of her
upper thighs ensured that the buttocks were slightly parted with the anus just
visible. Using the gloved finger and a large blob of cream Stewart zeroed in on
the waiting target, circled the perimeter with the fingertip and then forced his
way in past the inner and outer sphincter muscles. At first the muscles tensed
against his intrusion, but then the stinging heat from the cream started to work
and the tension changed to an involuntary dilation that enabled two then three
digits to enter. Before the sphincters resumed their guard duties he pressed the
tip of his condom covered penis against the opening and by twisting and turning
the shaft with his gloved hand he was able to enter the warm tightness of the
girls rectum. A firm but not brutal pressure from his hips then resulted in the
shaft entering the cavity up to the point where his pubic hair made contact with
the inner anal cleft and his thighs chafed against the weals of her punished
buttocks.

Schultz watched the mounting with wide eyes and obvious horror, believing that
she was next in line. Mueller simply submitted to the inevitable. Gasping and
wincing as the cream contacted her most vulnerable inner flesh and her anus was
stretched wide to accommodate the male organ.  Stewart stood with feet slightly
apart so that his penetration was at the optimum angle and started to rock his
hips forwards and backwards into the strict confining tightness of the prisoner.
The increasing tenderness of Mueller's body to the cream resulted in an almost
sexual movement of her thighs that encouraged Stewart to pump harder...and
harder. Ignoring the squeals from under him, this was supposed to be unpleasant
anyway, he rutted against the pinioned girl until the sudden tightening of his
own sphincter warned him of the approaching orgasm. The surge of semen seemed to
swell his penis even more in its tight embrace and all too soon his pace slowed
and he became aware of the compliant female under him again.

For a short while he leaned over her regaining his breath. Eventually he slowly
withdrew taking the slippery condom and its contents with him. A click of his
fingers and Shultz hurried over to kneel at his feet and remove it. A glance
upwards was all she needed to realise that cleaning the used penis was her next
task and she set to that duty with her mouth and tongue.

By the time Stewart waved her away, his penis was already starting to stiffen.
He had never before, achieved so much in so little time, but there again he had
never been before, been presented with such stimulation and there were still
other ideas to follow. But first, a promise was a promise and he still had
unfinished business with Mueller's rear.  Slipping off his one latex glove he
spoke to her.

"Well done Mueller, you are at last starting to accept your position in life.
There is just the little matter of the three strokes that I owe you and you can
then take a break."

The prisoner's heart sank. She had secretly hoped that Stewart would forget the
promise or perhaps just let her off now that he had satisfied himself within
her. No such luck. There was no way out and she would just have to accept what
was coming as best she could. At least she was secured and no matter how much
more he hurt her, she wouldn't be able to move and earn "extras". He sent
Schultz to collect the crop and as he took it from her, once again swished it
through the air.

Stewart knew that the punishment had to be felt and had no intention of letting
her off with anything. He aimed at the bruised ridges caused by the last three
strokes he had given her and laid three stingers across their line. It was true
that only the last was a real "overlay", but all were close enough to the
already sensitised flesh to hurt like hell. It was only the straps that kept her
in place and she wasn't surprised to see later that the retaining straps had
bruised her wrists as she struggled.  Her disciplinarian made her wait a further
ten agonised minutes before he told Shultz to release her and gave the sobbing
girl permission to massage her sore muscles.

Now for the younger girl, how should she be dealt with mused Stewart to himself?
As she stood rigidly at attention in front of him she certainly expected the
worse.  For his part, Stewart was softening a little, as she displayed nothing
but contrite submission on her face. Still, she was totally available to him and
would have to do whatever he wanted, so it was an opportunity not to be missed.

The girl was also thinking. She was expecting a punitive and totally unjustified
beating, knowing that it would be inflicted simply for the amusement of this
male. At least, back in the Correctional Centre, the nastiest wardress insisted
on an error or offence before you were punished. His penis was now fully erect
so he was undoubtedly deriving sexual pleasure from the mere thought of hurting
her and she could well imagine how that pain-generated lust would be spent using
her body.  She realised that she must simply submit to whatever he ordered and
cling to the knowledge that he would have to leave them alone eventually.

He went over to the table and exchanged the riding crop for the leather paddle
he had used on her earlier. He slapped it against his other palm noting its
weight and stinging power. Time for a change of pace he thought. He took a seat
on the armless wooden chair and motioned for the victim to drape herself across
his naked lap. He gripped both her hands behind her back and started to slowly
spank the twin moons that were thus presented. They were already marked from the
previous punishment but were soon turning a vivid red as slap after slap rained
down on them. Once they were evenly coloured he increased the effort and soon
had the girl bucking under the assault. After around thirty slaps he stopped,
placed the paddle on the small of her back and ran his right hand over the
reddened area. The heat she gave off seemed considerable to his warmed palm.
Already small weals were being formed by the edges of the oblong paddle. He
delved into her anal cleft and pulled up the back strap of her thong tightening
it around her mound and then, slipped his fingers down between her legs to
locate the indentation of where the thin white material had been wedged into her
vulva. The girl was as surprised as Stewart to feel her thighs react to the
gentle rubbing of one fingertip by opening a little further and lift up
slightly. Pressing hard against the thin covering, Stewart forced his
panty-covered finger between her lips and up to touch the swelling at the top of
the split. A few seconds of gentle massage had the hips moving rhythmically and
reluctantly he stopped and pulled his finger clear.

Without comment he grasped the paddle again and started swatting each cheek in
turn with firm hard slaps. She struggled against his grip and the erect penis
that rubbed against her lower stomach but continued to accept the beating
without any real attempt to avoid it.

He stopped and ordered her to her feet. Her face was almost as flushed as her
bottom as she stood close to him. He went over to the table and clicked his
fingers for her to follow. Almost without prompting, she unwrapped a condom and
placed it over his hard shaft. Stewart knew that lubrication would not be needed
this time, but aware of Mrs Parsons's conditions, he squirted the dreaded cream
over the upper surface and then wiped it around using the neck of the bottle to
avoid finger contact.

With some speed he went over to the bed, lay on his back and beckoned the
prisoner over.

"You will mount me and take the ride of your life girl!" he whispered.

The last time this had happened it was Stewart who was the prisoner and Miss
James, the heavily built wardress was the rider. Now it was the female who stood
in danger of being flogged for any lack of effort but as she enthusiastically
knelt over him, he realised that she was almost as excited as he was. Ignoring
the cream, she grasped the root of his organ located her opening and sank down
to swallow him with her warm vagina. Without waiting to be told what to do, she
started to ride his torso as if she was competing in a gymkhana. He could see
the curious mixture of pain and pleasure on the girl's face as the cream started
to sting and the sexual nerve endings starting to react. Though the grip on
Stewart's penis was not as fierce as in his previous penetration, it seemed firm
enough with the internal shape of the girl achieving even more sensation as she
bounced up and down. He began to feel the same mixture of pain and pleasure
himself as his penis grew more tender by the second following the frictions of
the evening.

Stewart was just wondering how long the prisoner could keep up her frantic
efforts, when once again; he felt the approaching sensation of another orgasm.
He felt himself go rigid from his head to his toes and Schultz, feeling his body
beneath her, doubled her efforts until they both let out a long groan of ecstasy
and the sweating female collapsed over him.

It was fully two minutes later when Stewart roughly pushed the exhausted girl
aside and called Mueller over to remove the condom and lick his now sore and
sensitive penis clean. The red eyed female worked with a will and certainly
achieved cleanliness but no reaction. The evening was over, and having had the
two prisoner's dress, he dismissed them and replaced his own clothes. With a
last look around the room he wandered downstairs towards his own room when he
met a somewhat irritated Mrs Parsons in the corridor.

"You seem to have forgotten Stewart that you will require a complimentary report
yourself when you leave here. Miss Emma has just been watching your efforts on
the CCTV and is furious with you. Not only have you ignored Mrs McEwan's orders
to keep your foreskin pulled back at all times but you have also ignored my
instructions that you could use the female prisoners but that they were to
derive no sexual pleasure from the event. That younger prisoner seemed to enjoy
your pleasures as much as you did! Add to that the way in which you told her to
expect a thrashing with the crop and then allowed her to get off with a
schoolgirl spanking and it would seem that you have learned nothing from your
stay with us. Fortunately, Mrs McEwan is unaware of your conduct and Miss Emma
has offered to deal with you herself to avoid causing her mother any distress.
You will report to her at 7 o'clock tomorrow morning down at the stables...and I
wouldn't be late... Boy!"




Chapter 43.

Stewart awoke at around 6am. He carried out his morning ablutions and dressed
once more in his prison clothes of denim shirt and shorts. The clothes that he
had been allowed to wear as a free man last night lay neatly folded and awaiting
their collection by Mrs Parsons. He tried to get his mind around his renewed
status as a prisoner and hoped that he could generate a sufficiently submissive
attitude for when he met Miss Emma. He also wished that he had been a little
more lenient with the Germans as his severity would no doubt be thrown back in
his face this morning. Perhaps his greatest regret was in using the crop. It
looked a real bitch of an implement when he held it in his hands and he just
hoped that Miss Emma would have other plans for him that didn't include its use.

He hurried out to the stable block and arrived there at a few minutes to 7am. It
was a sunny but crisp morning, the sort of morning that everyone would describe
as "pleasant", but Stewart, with his stomach already in knots, felt otherwise.
The stable girls were already organised and the first set of riders had left
leaving three of them to their duties around the yard. One of them, a plump
female in her early thirties with long unkempt fair hair walked over to him. She
was dressed in a thin green T-shirt, faded jeans and green wellington boots.

" I presume that you are Stewart," she said, and without waiting for a response
continued, " My name is Miss Wendy and I am the head girl here. Miss Emma is out
riding and she has told me to find you work until she returns, she has also told
me not to accept any lip from you so don't even try it!"

She strode off towards one of the outbuildings and Stewart followed dutifully in
her steps. They entered the changing rooms for the lady riders. Open lockers and
collections of female clothes lay on the benches and hung from hooks on the
wall.  They continued into the fully tiled washrooms. There were two toilet
stalls, two showers screened by plastic curtains and a separate washbasin. A
bucket of cleaning materials lay on the floor.

"I don't know what Miss Emma has planned for you when she returns, Stewart, but
she was certainly in a foul mood with the rest of us before she left. You had
better start cleaning these toilets first and then get on with the showers. They
haven't been touched for weeks and equestrian ladies tend to be the untidy of
females. If any lady comes in to use them, stand against that wall with your
nose pressed to the tiles until you hear them leave". She pointed to a spot next
to the washbasin. "One more thing, I don't want you working up a sweat in here,
so strip off your shirt and shorts, you can then work in just your pants and
trainers."

For a brief second Stewart considered arguing with this woman and even
questioning her authority over him. Fortunately, his sense of self-preservation
prevailed and he simply murmured a deferential agreement as he removed the two
items and hung them on a convenient hook. Having watched as he filled the bucket
with hot soapy water Miss Wendy left, and he entered the first stall to start
cleaning. He was soon down on his knees leaning over the pan and seat to clean
the rear of the porcelain with a disinfectant soapy cloth. She was certainly
correct about the time since they were last cleaned and not only the pan but the
whole stall was dirty, smelly and littered with scraps of tissue. He assiduously
washed the seat and lid then dried the whole area with another cloth.
Unfortunately the inside required a good scrub and he was obliged to spend some
time with the brush and cleaning powder before a final flush achieved the
desired cleanliness. He had carefully washed the floor, retreating as he did so
when he heard the door open behind him. He immediately stood, turned and stood
with his nose against the wall catching but a brief glimpse of a heavily built
lady dressed in ordinary clothes in the doorway.

He heard her walk up behind him and a hand was placed on his covered buttocks.

"So, you must be the toilet cleaner that I have heard about." She whispered in a
cultured mature voice. "I have never had a male servant in a ladies lavatory
before...I do trust that you are not too embarrassed and will assist me should I
need it? Turn around and face me."

Stewart did so and found himself being addressed by a not unattractive
dark-haired lady dressed in a tweed country jacket and matching skirt. She was
indeed well built and well into her forties but exuding the attitude of power
that always comes with money. He stifled a gasp when he felt her right hand
gently cup his genitals.

"I wish to use the toilet, the one that you have so carefully cleaned but I have
no wish to get my underclothes wet on the floor. Wash your hands, go into the
cubicle, lay on the floor face up, with your head a few inches from the pan."

Stewart did as she ordered and the lady then walked into the narrow area,
straddled his shoulders, turned with difficulty and stood, feet either side of
his head, over him. As she slowly raised the tweed skirt he could see her
stocking tops with their suspender clips and then her panties. She gave a short
order and in response he reached up and gently pulled the large panties down
over her knees until they rested on his face. He sensed rather than saw her sit
down and soon heard the sounds of relief as she emptied her bladder. There was
then the sound of the toilet roll been spun to obtain paper and then she stood,
telling him to replace her panties. This he did turning and kneeling, the better
to raise them fully and pull down the skirt.

"Clean up after me." She said, and pushed past him on her way to the outside.

He flushed the toilet and set to work to clean the other. Continuing
uninterrupted, he thoroughly cleaned both showers and started on the sink when
Miss Wendy came back in. She inspected his work as he scrubbed and polished.

"Not bad Stewart. We are always looking for someone to look after the "ladies"
when we have our annual gymkhana event. It's one of those special trucks with
steps leading up to a dozen small cubicles. It is always better to have a full
time attendant to be there to clean each toilet after use and to go underneath
and pump out when necessary, especially on a hot day. I will certainly keep you
in mind. Now, finish off in here, wash your hands and then make coffee for my
two yard-girls and myself.

It was almost ten minutes before Stewart finished the toilets, dressed and
located the small kitchen. He soon prepared three coffees and placing them on a
tray with a small bowl of sugar took them into a stable where he could hear the
chatter of female voices. Sitting around on hay bales were Miss Wendy and two
much younger girls in their late teens. Both were dressed in the same scruffy
working clothes as Miss Wendy. The shorter and certainly plumper of the two
seized one of the mugs, and without a word of thanks swallowed a large mouthful.
A look of disgust on her face alerted Stewart to a coming problem but he was
still caught by surprise. She suddenly spat the contents of her mouth fully in
his face. The hot drink ran down over his shirt making him blink to clear his
eyes.

"Yuck!" the girl exclaimed. The lout has forgotten to put any sugar in"

There was of course no point in arguing. Stewart muttered a few words of apology
that only seemed to irritate the girl even more. The other girl grabbed a mug
and deliberately took a mouthful and then stood with her face almost touching
his chest. She drew her head back and as it came forward she spat the contents
of her mouth fully in his face. Not content with that assault she again drew her
head back and then delivered the remainder mixed in with her saliva.

There followed a few seconds silence as the spit and coffee ran down his face
and over his shirt and shorts. There was nothing to be said, the whole action
had been carried out with such confidence that it was certainly pre-ordained by
Miss Emma. The only question was what would follow next. 

It turned out to be Miss Wendy furiously ordering him to strip off the shirt and
shorts and to stand there in just his skimpy underpants and trainers. The two
young girls were then told to take him outside and wash him down. The showers,
it would seem, were only on limits to Stewart in his role as cleaner, when it
came to him being washed down it was the yard hosepipe, the same one that he had
used the previous night on the German girl's punishment knickers that they used.
He was ordered to stand over the drain, legs wide and hands high as the yard
girls turned on the tap and the icy cold jet of water hit him hard, taking his
breath away and stinging the skin on his chest.  The girl holding the nozzle
soon had it adjusted to give a narrow stinging jet. She then circled him
concentrating the jet on firstly his face, then his chest and finally his
crotch. Fortunately, it was hardly one of those power washers, but even so, the
icy jet thudded into his genitals, which, without much protection from his pants
found themselves flicking from side to side. Twice the jet caught the testicle
itself and Stewart's involuntary doubling up only resulted in the other girl
shouting at him to stand upright. Finally she circled behind him and having
hosed his body down, used the jet to force the pants up between his buttocks.

Eventually the water was turned off and he was left soaked and shaking from the
cold. Miss Wendy re-appeared and ignoring his obvious discomfort ordered him to
go out to the gate to the yard and wait for Miss Emma. She told him that she
should be back in a few minutes and that he was to make sure that he was waiting
at attention, to open the gate for her. Several female riders came through the
gate sniggering at the shivering bedraggled male as he opened and closed the
heavy wooden contraption. It was a good twenty, freezing minutes before a lone
rider appeared. It was Miss Emma, dressed in her full riding gear.

The very height of the horse added to impression of absolute superiority, but
even if she had been walking the way she was dressed would have been sufficient
to frighten Stewart. She wore long highly polished black boots into which fitted
the legs of a pair of perfectly tailored jodhpurs. A tweed jacket covered most
of a crisp white shirt that was complimented by a black tie. A riding hat sat
perfectly upon the young head and in the gloved right hand was a thin riding
crop that Stewart immediately recognised. This vision of authority looked down
as he opened the gate and spoke:

"You can consider yourself lucky that Mrs Parsons told me about your behaviour
and not my mother, otherwise you would have been sent back to the Centre with an
adverse report. I won't be making it easy for you, but at least it won't go any
further. Take what's coming, button your lips and it will be over and forgotten
about in a few hours...understood?"

Stewart blurted out his agreement and stood to the side as she brusquely rode
through the gate. He then saw her give a brief order to the two girls who walked
over to collect him. They led him into one of the straw covered horse stalls
and, collecting some leather harness straps from the wall rack, faced him
inwards and tied one wrist to each side of the stall. Without a word of
explanation they then each fixed a brush with a retaining strap to their right
hands and started to groom him, one working on his front and the other his rear.

From the first contact with the bristles he realised that the brush designed for
the hide of a horse would be harsh in the extreme. The two stable-girls worked
with a will and, starting on his shoulders worked down their respective sides to
his waist drawing the brushes firmly across his skin over and over again until
each area was reddened. Fortunately they stopped at the waist and recommenced
with his legs having hobbled one ankle clear of the ground and to the side with
a length of leather tied to the side of the stall. His soft inner thighs seemed
the most sensitive to their efforts with one brush in particular, leaving
several scratches. They were both working on the lower legs and calves when Miss
Wendy walked in and looked over the side of the stall at the prisoner.

"Have you brushed his groin and flank area yet?" she enquired.

Embarrassed, the two girls admitted that they had not. Wendy reminded them that
Miss Emma had called for a thorough grooming and ordered them to untie his
ankle, pull down his wet thin pants and then re-hobble him. Blushing, the
plumper girl who was working on his front grasped the garment, pulled it to the
floor and then, as he stepped out of them, hung them on a convenient nail.

His foreskin had remained retracted even though the cold had shrivelled his
organ considerably. The girl slipped off the brush and used it to lift the
wrinkled organ until it was horizontal. The sharp bristles could be felt on the
underside of the exposed head.

"Wendy, what happens if this male behaves like one of the stallions and this
thing gets all big as we clean it?" she enquired.

" That is almost certainly more than he dare do, but if it starts to swell I'm
sure that a stiff brushing will change its mind".

Emboldened the girl at the rear started to vigorously brush down his buttocks.
Stewart soon found that standing still to prevent his sore penis being subjected
to even more traumas from the bristles. When however, the brush was forced down
the anal cleft scouring the sensitive skin on the inner cheeks and furrow he
could not help but jerk his thighs. This only resulted in the stable girl
brushing his intimate skin even more vigorously; she brought the brush up behind
his scrotum ensuring that the perineum was well scrubbed. The girl then stopped,
and at Miss Wendy's suggestion, passed the brush between his legs to the other
girl.

Stewart, smarting from the "grooming" pondered on what on earth the girl wanted
with two brushes. He soon found out: Still holding her own brush under his penis
she started to use the other brush to firmly scour the hair on his scrotum. The
cold had ensured that his testicles were held in a firm grip by the muscles with
no hope of them being forced to the side or out of harms way as they would in a
slack scrotum. Both he and they had to stand there and take it as they were
cruelly brushed with only the scrotum muscle-skin to protect them. The skin
itself soon became stinging hot which contrasted with the dull, growing ache
from the delicate bulbs. Unfortunately for Stewart, despite the pain and
humiliation his shrunken penis started to swell. Even more unfortunate for him,
Miss Emma suddenly arrived to see how her orders were being followed. All she
could see was his supported penis swelling to full erection as it lay on the
brush bristles.

"What in the hell is going on in here?" she shouted at everyone. "Are you
totally unable to control your emotions Boy?" she enquired of the lone male.
With considerable irritation she snatched both brushes from the girl and
advanced on Stewart ducking to pass under his right arm and then stand in front
of him. Her jacket had been removed and Stewart could see the effects of the
cold on her pert young nipples as she stood next to him. She place one brush
underneath where it had already been to support his now erect penis and the
other she brought down on the top, effectively making a bristle sandwich. At any
time this would have been a tender area for such treatment, but following his
previous nights rutting, the already sore and exposed glans had been rendered
excruciatingly so. She then proceeded to roll the organ by moving the brushes in
opposite directions.

Stewart, arms outstretched, tried to absorb the pain but his supporting knee
instinctively flexed in a futile attempt to remove his penis from the source of
the agony. With her face only inches from his she half whispered to him:

"Now you know how you made the German females feel last night, but don't worry,
I have asked Mrs Parsons for some of that cream that you were so generous with,
I do hope that it will make your pathetic little pecker less sore!"

She then continued to roll his penis but gave orders over her shoulder, that
Wendy was to prepare the condom for use. Stewart did not see the way the woman
unwrapped a standard condom, and with difficulty, squirted in some of the cream
from a bottle. He was aware that Miss Emma had stopped tormenting him and moved
to the side and then saw Miss Wendy advancing on him with the latex device in
her hands. Without any embarrassment on her part she pushed the latex over his
erect, scratched and throbbing penis, forcing it all the way to the base. She
then produced some elastoplast tape and secured the rim of the condom to his
hair and pubic mound. Clearly, they were anticipating a reduction in size that
they didn't want to result in the condom falling off.

At first, the embrocation was cold, thick and gave a certain amount of relief
from the stinging soreness. This feeling of relief was short-lived as the cream
started to work. The skin on the shaft as well as the abraded skin of the
bulbous head started to sting as if rubbed in rock salt, which it possibly had.

The next order was to untie his wrists and ankle from the leather thongs and
lead him from the stall, which Miss Wendy did by grasping the back of his neck.
The two younger girls watched his screwed up expression and bared teeth with a
look approaching sympathy, as he was half pushed and half dragged past them.
With the two stable girls following he was pushed into one of the large barns
where a pile of oblong straw bales had been piled together. Miss Emma
re-appeared with the inevitable crop tucked under her arm.

"As Miss Parsons mentioned, you are here for two reasons. Firstly your continued
disobedience of my mother's instruction that you are to keep your foreskin
pulled back and secondly your failure to crop the German female prisoner. We had
placed you in a position of authority; you let us down, and must now pay a
penalty. Your foreskin is undergoing its own discipline as you may have noticed
And...since you gave the older female thirteen with this crop, that would seem
to be a fair punishment for you to take on behalf of the prisoner you let off.
My horse seemed to find it rather painful when I used it on him this morning, so
I anticipate that your rather softer hide will find it even more so. Miss Wendy
and her girls will assist in restraining you over the bales."

The rough harsh bales had been arranged with a form of steps at one end and a
large platform at about waist level. Stewart found that they required him to
kneel on the steps and then lay across the level bales. Miss Wendy then sat
across his waist facing his feet effectively pinning his upper body to the
straw. Each of the stable girls then took a wrist and sat on the bales with
their outstretched booted feet pressed into a shoulder and an armpit. As they
lay back slightly pulling on his arms he was effectively pinioned into position. 
His sore encased penis pressed against the hard straw stems. He lay there
without protest accepting the inevitable. The smell of fresh straw was mixed
with the horsy smell of the yard-girls as they awaited Miss Emma's convenience.

She stood, booted feet well apart, and swished the crop experimentally. The
sound was more than familiar to Stewart's ears, but this time he would be
feeling the effect of that plaited rod hitting his own buttocks. He had seen how
much it could hurt and now he was to feel it.

As usual, the first stroke although delivered with force across the centre of
his cheeks, did not immediately hurt. Within a few seconds this illusion
vanished as the searing pain reached his brain. With only a short break the
second stroke fell across the top of his buttocks where there was little padding
from his muscles. The rest followed at ten second intervals, some accompanied by
grunts of effort from the young girl.

Without the restraint of the three other females he would have been unable to
remain in position and he found a new respect for the stoicism of the last human
to feel the sharpness of the crop. The flogging continued until the final stroke
cut up into the crease at the tops of his thighs and Miss Emma curtly announced
that she had finished and he could be released. The two younger girls let go of
his wrists, and before Miss Wendy climbed off his back they closely examined the
swelling weals with their grubby fingers commenting on how much they swelled
compared to the horse flesh that they were used to. Brusquely, a flushed and
heavily breathing Emma ordered Stewart to his feet.

"Well taken Stewart, you have wiped the slate clean. You can remove your condom,
wash your penis get dressed and collect your kit; the transport will be here
shortly. You have my word that, unlike that idle slut Gilpin, when you get back
to the Centre they will be receiving a glowing report of your conduct here.

Stewart did as he was ordered trying to ignore the swelling nates and throbbing
pain that the young vixen had just left him with. At least it was over and he
wasn't facing a worse thrashing when he got back. Heaven knows what Mrs McEwan
had lined up for Gilpin. He had no choice other than to dress in the coffee
stained uniform and had just walked outside when, instead of the expected prison
truck, a small police van had driven up. The two young female officers were soon
in deep conversation with Miss Emma and both examined the crop with frequent
glances in his direction. Just then a despondent and dishevelled Gilpin dressed
in her schoolgirl uniform came out of the house being led by the ear by Miss
Parsons. She was told to stand next to Stewart.

The conversation continued for some time and was punctuated by frequent bursts
of laughter. Eventually the two police officers stood in front of the two
prisoners and looked them up and down. They were both in full uniform including
hats and jackets; both were of average height, a little on the heavy side with
one white and the other of Caribbean origin. The black officer, with Johnson on
her nameplate, spoke first and curtly ordered them to put their hands in front
of them and hold them together. Two pairs of handcuffs were unclipped from the
rear of each policewoman's waist and flicked down on the proffered wrists. The
white policewoman addressed them:

" It is our job to deliver you to the Correctional Centre and no way will we
stand any hassle from either of you. Should either of you step out of line we
can easily stop the van over in some secluded area and lay into you with our
batons so don't even think of it. You may find that the van we have today is a
little uncomfortable, as it normally transports police dogs around the county.
Again, we don't want any complaints so make the best of it back there".

Grasping the centre section of each handcuff the prisoners were led to the rear
of the van and the doors opened. The inner mesh door was then unlocked revealing
a bare metal floor with two bristle mats fixed over the wheel arches. A
decidedly doggy smell reached their nostrils.

"Both of you, strip off your lower clothes." Came the order.

Without hesitation Stewart removed his shorts and underpants and Gilpin took off
her short uniform skirt and panties. All were collected by Officer Johnson who
threw them to the floor at the front of the caged area. Next they were ordered
to half crawl into the van and sit on the wheel arches facing each other. They
both immediately appreciated that with their hands cuffed in front of them and
nothing to grip they needed to place their feet well apart to brace themselves.
From the look on Gilpin's face, her buttocks were extremely tender and the last
thing she needed was to be sitting on plastic tufts, indeed, the insides of both
thighs were bruised and wealed giving a clue as to the sensitive state of her
nates. The days when either of them would have been embarrassed by displaying
their genitals were long passed and both were fully engaged in accepting the
discomfort without complaint. The doors were slammed shut leaving the van in
almost total darkness as their journey commenced.

Whichever policewoman was driving she soon demonstrated that smooth handling of
a motor vehicle was not her speciality. It was reasonable to expect a few bumps
as they left the stable yard but she seemed skilled in finding the slightest
pothole in every surface she drove over.  Bracing himself as best he could
Stewart soon found that his buttocks were spread to their maximum and the sharp
bristles were digging into the soft flesh of his crotch. Every so often their
driver managed to find a speed bump or similar that, when hit at speed, caused
them both to be thrown upwards and then slam down on the arches, even jabbing
the spikes into his anal area. Any thought that the prisoners had of resting
their agonised rears on the comparative comfort of the floor were dashed by the
frequent opening of a small hatch that enable the passenger in the front to keep
an eye on them. The thought of a discreet whacking with the two batons enabled
them both to hang on for dear life. They even found themselves wishing for the
relative comfort of the prison truck that had delivered them for "work in the
community".

Eventually the van came to an abrupt halt and the engine was switched off. The
rear doors were opened and in streamed daylight. Johnson ordered them to collect
their clothing, crawl out to stand next to her and dress. The bright sunlight
made them squint through half-closed eyes and they were both dressed before they
could properly look around. To their undisguised horror the first thing they
focussed on was a large sign.

"Male Correctional Centre".

Stewart spoke first and tried desperately to explain that they were both
prisoners at the female centre and that there had obviously been some mistake. A
uniformed wardress hurriedly checked the documents that the police had just
handed her and grudgingly agreed, but found both policewomen decidedly
unresponsive to a suggestion that they might like to take the pair a
considerable distance out of their way. She went into the guardroom and
following a lengthy telephone conversation returned to speak to them.

" I understand that the male here is undergoing some sort of experiment in being
held as a prisoner in the female centre.  It does seem that there has been a
cock up in the administration, however, there is no way that you can be
transferred for several days and so you will be getting a taste of how males are
treated normally by the system. As for you girl, I have received permission to
let you experience life in this centre so in effect the experiment will be
reversed for a few days".

The two of them were stunned as even though they were both dreading a return to
the regime of their old centre, at least they knew what to expect and how to fit
in with the system. They had heard rumours how the Male Centres were run along
far stricter lines with even more brutal wardresses in charge.

Before they could even collect their thoughts a young chubby wardress was
summoned and took charge of them. With hardly a glance she told them to follow
her through the main gates and on to a small parade ground. Waiting, at rigid
attention were two groups of male prisoners still in their normal clothes.

"These wretches have just arrived to start their sentence so you two can join
them to make the numbers up. You boy, will join the group on the left and you
girl, will join the other. That will make thirteen in each squad which I intend
will be a very unlucky number for you all!"

Stewart turned to the wardess to ask if it would be possible for Gilpin to be in
the same squad as himself. From the way her expression changed to a look of
total disbelief he realised that he had made a big mistake and instinctively
assumed the attention position in the hope of assuring her that he meant no harm
and would submit to whatever she decided. She took a couple of paces to be close
to him and smiled broadly. Emboldened by her change of expression Stewart
relaxed. He simply didn't see it coming, and the next thing he knew the short
plump wardess had punched him hard in his stomach collapsing him to the floor.

As he lay at her booted feet, retching and doubled up he began to realise that
this was a different regime altogether.

To be continued.




Chapter 44

When Stewart and Gilpin eventually got around to discussing their stay in the
Male Correctional Centre they were immediately able to identify the major
difference between that and the Female Centre they were used to. It was the
staff.

In accordance with the Government policy of staffing the centre with a nearly
all female component, the two centres appeared identical. It took minutes rather
than hours to appreciate that a different set of criteria had been used to
select the ones who were in charge of the males. Whereas the wardresses at the
female centre were often downright attractive and very few were plain or lacking
in femininity, here they were almost verging on the unattractive and some were
plain ugly. True some of the staff, usually in the higher ranks, were more than
acceptable but the element that dealt with the prisoners on a daily basis were
selected for their forceful personalities, physical strength and sheer distaste
of their charges. Their level of education and certainly social graces were far
below what the two prisoners had been used to; it was obvious that most of the
wardresses could never hope to have a whole bunch of males under their command
and available to them whenever the mood struck in any situation other than a
penal centre. They were in a position where they could select any male and use
him as they wished with the added satisfaction of causing him real pain for any
infraction that they observed or imagined. Several, usually the ones with the
cropped hair or shaved heads, wore the studs and ear rings that were normally
associated with the harder element of the lesbian community and were probably
guarding the males only because they failed selection for a female centre.

These then were the females that Stewart and Gilpin were under the control of as
they stood in the cold awaiting their orders.

Stewart was still shocked from the punch awarded by the young wardress.
Nevertheless, when ordered to his feet, he sprang smartly to attention hoping
that she would pick on someone else next. Within seconds the squad were marched
into a reception area and following a brief series of questions from a
grim-faced police sergeant they found themselves in what was obviously the
barbers room.

There was an old style chair in the centre and behind it stood a thirty
something wardress with short dark hair. She had removed her uniform jacket and
hat and was arranging what appeared to be an electric hair trimmer. She clicked
her fingers at one male and he hurried to take the seat. Stewart speculated on
whether the wardress had been a hairdresser in her previous life but when she
attacked the poor wretch's long fair locks, he realised that she hadn't. She was
there to remove all but a short stubble as quickly as possible. Male after male
took the seat and had his hair contributed to the pile around the seat. When it
was Stewart's turn he was shaken by the speed with which the clippers were
dragged backwards and forwards over his scalp and how, as he left the chair, his
scalp felt cold and stripped. He was convicted of a crime and in the views of
this establishment would be made to look like a convict.

Next they were marched into some sort of changing room with benches along the
walls. The young wardress followed them into the room and gave the simple
command to strip. With furtive and worried looks at each other the thirteen
males soon stood naked in front of her with their possessions consigned to small
sacks that they were told to leave for later collection and storage. As soon as
Stewart was stripped of there were audible gasps from the others when they
caught sight of his bruised and wealed backside.

They were a mixed bunch, with only the offence of failing to show respect for a
female in authority and a court sentence to unite them. Stewart was later to
hear the various charges as the group discussed their fate in their dormitory.
One male had simply argued with a lady traffic policewoman, another insulted a
nurse when undergoing medical treatment and a third had simply found himself in
an argument over a parking space without realising that the other motorist was a
local Headmistress. All of them were there for ridiculously absurd offences
under the new feminist laws and would simply have to buckle down to the system
if they ever hoped to be released.

Their ages ranged from a young eighteen-year-old up to a man over forty. Most
were a little overweight and Stewart was suddenly grateful for the hard training
he had received that would keep him ahead of most of them. All of them now stood
looking depressingly equal with their shaved heads and frightened expressions.

At the rear of the room there were enough showers to accommodate them all and
they were soon under the unnecessarily hot and stinging showers trying to wash
themselves down with some coarse commercial soap bars.  As the wardress
patrolled the area Stewart was amused to see the men turn away from her in an
attempt to protect their modesty. He knew only too well how that would soon be
beaten out of them.

Suddenly the showers stopped and they were ordered out to form a line standing
side by side. The Wardess walked along them smiling to herself as she took in
the wide variety of genitalia that she now had on display. She read from her
notes:

"There are no towels, but you will soon dry off. Twelve of you are due for a
medical so will not be requiring any clothes for a while and you...er...Stewart
will report for a dental inspection as it would seem you have been medically
examined quite recently. You can rejoin the squad to get your clothing after the
dentist has finished with you.

Stark naked and still wet, they were marched across to the medical section with
Stewart being separated and sent through a door marked "Dental Treatment". He
had always dreaded the moment when one of the facility dentists would get their
hands on him. In his previous life he had always dreaded visits to the dentists
and knew only too well how little sympathy he could expect from any Centre
medical employee.

The dental room was light and airy with a large white medical chair in the
centre surrounded by the usual intimidating trays of implements. A large bright
light hung overhead illuminating the area that would soon be filled with
Stewart's head. There were however ominous differences between the dental chairs
that he remembered from previous examinations and this one. The one that he was
about to sit in was festooned with securing straps and in place of the normal
headrest there was a U shaped device that would clearly hold the head in place.

"Sit!"

The curt order caught him be surprise and he realised that he had been joined by
a slim young female wearing medical white trousers and tunic. She was around
twenty years old with long fair hair in a bun behind her head. A thick pair of
spectacles was perched on her nose. Her face would not be described as
attractive and her sallow complexion was troubled by spots on her chin. More
worrying was her expression of bored indifference.

She ordered the naked male into the seat and soon had his head located in the
locking device that fitted tightly around his ears. A clamp was fastened across
his forehead and when she had secured a waist strap, wrist straps and more
straps securing his knees wide apart and his ankles to the foot-rest he was
effectively imprisoned.

Casually, she pulled on a pair of blue surgical gloves and glanced down at him.

"Miss Boulton is the Dentist here and she cannot stand patients who interfere
with her examinations because they find them uncomfortable. Believe me, being
secured like this is in your own interests as it avoids having to get someone in
to thrash you every time you try to hinder her from doing her job. I'm afraid
that she is rather thorough and doesn't believe in wasting money on all those
silly injections if she can avoid it. Still, that shouldn't worry a big brave
boy like yourself!"

She selected a steel device that reminded Stewart of some sort of rodent
catching trap. Ordering him to open his mouth she placed it under his upper
teeth and over his lower teeth, used her fingers to force his mouth fully open
and then locked the gag in place. The discomfort he felt was eclipsed by the
feeling of total exposure. Whatever the dentist wanted to do to his mouth she
could, and there was nothing he could do to object, let alone stop her. The
chair had just been reclined almost to the horizontal when he heard another
person enter the room.

Miss Boulton was around forty years in age. She was of average height with a
matronly figure that stretched the buttons to their maximum down the front of
her white coat. Her hair was extremely short, almost matching his own and her
face round and plain. She stood at the foot of the chair with her eyes running
disconcertingly around his parted thighs and then at his trapped head. Without a
word she walked over to the sink, washed her hands, slipped on a pair of blue
gloves and approached him. The usual calming preamble and comments of her
profession such as: "let me know if it hurts", were hardly necessary. She placed
several fingers in his mouth and commenced her examination.

It was obvious from her first contact with Stewart that his comfort counted for
nothing. The fingers gripped his tongue and pulled it forward twisting it in
every direction so that the organ could be seen. Next the assistant was told to
grip the object, which she did with a pair of long tweezers so that it could be
kept clear of the dentist's fingers as she probed the inner cheeks. He was
forced to breathe through his nostrils as the fingers blocked almost his entire
mouth. Eventually the tongue was released and the fingers removed. Being unable
to swallow, he could fell his saliva running down his chin as he watched her
select a long steel probe with an angled point at the tip.

She started at the rear of the mouth and slowly worked her way around the gum
line probing and checking their condition. The sharp point was used over and
over again to scrape around each tooth and clean the gum. The only protest
Stewart could make was to grunt and groan at each sharp stab. At one point Miss
Boulton stopped as if in response to his distress, but then sprayed some alcohol
based aerosol into the gaping mouth and down his throat. Instead of numbing the
sensitive mouth flesh, all that seemed to do was to paralyse his vocal cords so
that he could only gasp in protest. It wasn't long before tears were running
down his face and his arms were rigid against the arm straps of the chair.

The young assistant approached with a spray device in one hand and a suction
tube in the other. As Miss Boulton withdrew her probe the girl swiftly sprayed
the ice cold water into the mouth and then allowed the suction pipe to suck it
out of the mouth. Much of the water however simply ran down his cheeks. The
savage probing then continued until his entire mouth had been painfully prodded.

Stewart's relief that the probe had been discarded was short lived. It was
exchanged for another and this time the teeth were the targets. Fortunately his
teeth were in good repair but even so, every one was tapped and scraped looking
for the slightest problem. One was found in a rear molar and the probe
agonisingly pressed into the cavity causing Stewart to strain against his
straps. Later, another smaller cavity was found in a front tooth.

At long last the examination was over and the shaking male was released from the
chair as the dentist completed her notes. Eventually, she ordered her assistant
to arrange another appointment for the fillings to be carried out adding the
chilling comment that only a short appointment would be needed as there was no
need for any injections.

Decidedly shaken, Stewart was told to wait in the room next to where the medical
examinations were taking place. He sat as ordered on a long low bench with his
hands on his head and knees spread at forty-five degrees. One by one the other
male prisoners joined him with much rolling of eyes and grimacing between each
other. Eventually they all sat in a row with their naked knees touching.

Two female staff with tape measures around their necks called them into another
room that was laid out with a long serving counter behind which were stacks of
various uniform items. They were told to stand on a low platform whilst the
older female, a dour mousy haired woman of around thirty carefully took their
measurements which were written down in a ledger by her younger assistant. Neck
size, arm-length and chest measurements were taken, then she moved on to the
waist, seat and finally inside leg. The latter being taken by jabbing one end of
the tape up into the crotch. Strangely the distance from that point to the tip
of the flaccid penis was noted as well as the leg length.

They were told that they were being measured for their uniform denims and that
they would take up to two weeks to arrive. In the meantime they were to be
issued with one set of kit that all new prisoners had to wear for a time. With
the list of sizes in one hand the younger girl went up and down the racks of
clothing selecting what seemed to be white T-shirts and boxer shorts for each
prisoner. These were each issued with a pair of trainers. One male asked if
there were any underpants and received a withering look from both females that
gave him the answer. Just before they were told to don the strip, the younger
girl moved down the line with a thick felt marker pen and wrote "A" followed by
a number in four inch high letters over on their upper right chests.

The material was some form of nylon that was unbelievably thin and cold to the
touch. The shorts were baggy and short but well supported by a broad elasticated
band around the waist. The T shirts were tight around the chest and just reached
down to be tucked into the shorts waistband. No support whatsoever was provided
for the genitalia and indeed, the material had a silky feel that might well
cause some problems as it chafed sensuously against the penis. Plastic discs
with numbers from 1 to 13 were produced and the males had to carefully clip the
one corresponding to their chest number to the front of their T-shirts, just
below the neck. When they were all dressed the elder of the two stores
assistants addressed them.

"Right, these are your clothes for the next week or so, they are referred to as
the training strip. You only have one set so you will need to wash them out
every night to keep them fresh. They serve several purposes. Firstly they
emphasise that you are being treated as young schoolboys. Secondly they provide
no protection to any strap or other implement that may be used on you. Thirdly
should any of you even start to lose control of your emotions, it will be
immediately obvious to any member of staff who can deal with the problem
immediately".

It was a very self conscious group who filed out of the stores building

It was after the mid-day meal that the squad was assembled once more in one of
the lecture rooms in the education block for the start of their "Educational
Assessment week" as it was called. They would be frequent visitors to the
training block for the first week, as it would be spent entirely under the
control of the education specialists. The theory was that by treating them as
schoolboys, any tendency to rebellion could be identified and stamped out early.
The thirteen males, embarrassed to be dressed in the temporary uniforms, sat in
the old fashioned and uncomfortable school desks with a seat built into the
frame. To avoid distractions the windows were set high in the walls and a large
desk stood facing them on a raised area to their front. A heavy stool stood next
to it with a comfortable high chair for the instructor behind the desk. A large
clock hung from the wall in the austere room and next to it a large notice with
further instructions concerning how their hands were to be visible at all times
and how they were not to talk other than to the Teacher. There was a sound of
approaching footsteps and a tall well-built woman dressed in an academic gown
and hat entered the room and took up a position facing them with feet apart and
hands behind her back. She was in her early forties with a ruddy complexion that
was devoid of any make-up. Her hair was greying and tied in a band behind her
head with the rest hanging down her back. Half-rimmed glasses balanced on her
pointed nose. Under the gown she wore an old fashioned plain white blouse and
medium length grey skirt with ankle socks and a heavy pair of sensible shoes on
her feet.

Without any prompting, the room inmates stood upright between their seats and
the desk. She looked around for a few moments, then spoke:

"My name is Miss Elkins, and I am your form mistress during your initial stay in
the education wing. I warn you that I have considerable experience in dealing
with young men such as yourself and will stand for no nonsense. You will be
treated as you should have been when you were at school but unlike the one you
attended, this school permits the sort of punishments that were handed out in
the first half of the last century. You will find that I have certain powers of
punishment and if I believe that you need more serious discipline, I shall send
you with a note to the Headmistress's office where my senior colleague will deal
with you."

She kept them standing as she explained her various rules, how she was to be
addressed, when they were to stand, how they were to sit bolt upright with no
fidgeting and how they were to apply themselves diligently to each and every
lesson. She then told them to sit and she commenced to read out their names from
a register.

Apprehensively, they all responded with a clear "Present, Miss Elkins" and they
were soon ready to start their first lesson. Miss Elkins patiently explained
that various training systems had been tried in the past but they now believed
that an early training session in accepting female authority was the most
productive route to follow. They would therefore each be allocated to a member
of staff, taken to their private quarters and be trained and assessed in their
response to orders. To ensure they all appreciated what their duties would
entail, one of the wardresses would be speaking to them.

Exactly on cue an Indian wardress in her mid twenties entered the room and was
greeted by Miss Elkins. She was of above average height with a trim but feminine
figure and wore her long black hair in a pigtail that reached almost to the
waist. Her name was announced as Miss Shruti Saraswat. From the way she walked
and conducted herself it was obvious to the males that she was a lady of some
education and importance so it puzzled them that she should be employed in such
a junior position.

She carefully placed the heavy wooden stool centre stage, lifted herself on to
it to face the seated squad and placed her high heels resting on the rungs of
the stool. Her uniform skirt rode up above her knees and when she crossed her
legs a tantalising glimpse of stocking sheathed thigh and suspender clips was
displayed to them. Stewart alone realised that this was a deliberate act and
started the mental effort he knew he would need to avoid an erection. She looked
around with the darkest pair of eyes they had ever seen, smiled sweetly and
started to talk to them:

"Tonight you will each be allocated to one of the staff here in the centre. You
will be required to carry out whatever duties the lady requires of you.  In case
any of you have hopes that you will have any choice as to what you do, or find
the work in any way pleasant, I will now disabuse you of that hope. Your duties
will fall into three main categories. Firstly you can be given cleaning jobs in
the apartment such as the bathroom or cleaning floors. However unpleasant your
task you will work thoroughly and your efforts will be inspected.  Secondly you
may be required to carry out more personal work such as washing her underwear,
cleaning boots or pressing and preparing her uniform for the next day. Again
your work will be inspected. Finally, should the lady require it, you may be
ordered to carry out any personal service that she may demand. Just before your
evil little minds think back to your previous life where you could pick and
choose, you will now simply follow orders without question, whether she requires
either a massage or some more personal service. You will do as she orders, not
as you would like. Do not expect the showered fragrant females that you may have
been used to. These ladies work hard and have no need to shower or preen
themselves for your benefit. You will just have to accept them as nature
intended them to be."

Once more the legs were crossed and uncrossed, as she looked in Miss Elkins
direction seemingly oblivious to their hungry stares. This time her legs
remained slightly parted and from their lowly vantagepoint, some males could
just see the crotch of her white panties.

 Miss Elkins commented that this could be a good time to mention how any failure
would be dealt with.

"Of course, of course", Miss Saraswat exclaimed in apology. " As usual, the
ladies will be able to punish minor errors with their hands or tawse but if any
of you step out of line significantly, one of the policewomen will be on the end
of the 'phone and will call round to carry out any summary punishments with
heavier implements."

To Stewart it was routine, but to the rest it seemed to confirm their worst
fears and fulfil all the rumours that they had heard about these places. It
would all be down to the luck of the individual prisoner. One or two would
finish up as a servant for one of the attractive younger wardresses who would
probably use them, but would not deny them a little pleasure themselves. All the
others would be obliged to carry out whatever sexual service one of the older
and certainly uglier wardresses would require and be unable to obtain in normal
life. Mixed in amongst the staff there would be the sadists whose real aim would
be to find fault and therefore inflict pain. The wardresses word would always be
accepted and if she registered a complaint, the prisoner would be punished and
that punishment would be repeated until the wardress was satisfied.  As regards
the class and Miss Saraswat's behaviour, Stewart was also only too aware of what
they were being set up for and it came as no surprise when the Teacher ordered
them to their feet.

The shorts scarcely covered the tips of the dangling penis. When seated, any
erection would protrude below the bottom edge and on standing upright, a full
erection would be uncovered and displayed for all to see. Of the thirteen
"schoolboys" six had raging erections, all of which stuck out of the ridiculous
shorts and indeed, lifted up the leg of the garment.

Both females were furious, Miss Saraswat's black eyes flashed down to the
offending organs with a look of total disgust but it was Miss Elkins who took
charge, retrieved a report book from her desk and started to fill it in. It took
only a few seconds for all the six to be given the adverse report slip and be on
the way to wait outside the Headmistress's office down the corridor.

Stewart later heard what had transpired. The confidence of the offenders, if not
their erections, rapidly dissipated as they stood side by side outside the
headmistress's office. They were told to face outwards so every member of the
staff who passed by was able to see the reasons for their presence jutting
forward. One of the group was heard by the others to mutter about how ridiculous
the situation was. It would have been better for them if they had been able to
control themselves, but the more effort they put into the attempt, the harder
they seemed to get.

A young girl in her late teens came out of the office and announced herself to
be the Headmistresses secretary. She was one of the few exceptions to the normal
appearance of the staff: taller than most of the prisoners she had long fair
hair down to her shoulders. She was dressed in a plain white shirt and dark
coloured skirt that accentuated her full firm figure. Her attractive face looked
almost angelic as she stood close to the males, looked one 25 year old straight
in the eye and asked him why they were standing there.

" Miss...er...um...Miss Elkins has sent us here," he stammered nervously.

"I'm well aware of that number 3. Why has she sent you?"

Eventually, the blushing young male managed to get the words out and stated that
they had all had an erection in class. The girl played the part of shocked
horror with panache. She stepped quickly back and looked down at their now even
harder organs. Shaking her head in mock disbelief she collected the punishment
chits from their sweating hands and told them to follow her in to office.

Once again they had to line up with their backs to the wall and face her desk.
She produced a large black book with the ominous words "Punishment Register" on
the front and spine and carefully listed their numbers along with the offence
"Disgusting display of sexual lust" which was the centre shorthand for the
offence that they had committed. Every male began to feel the real fear that the
system was designed to generate. Here they stood, just like schoolboys in front
of a girl younger than most of them, waiting to hear how they would be punished.
Would this girl be the one to carry it out?  Would such a sweet looking female
be capable of deliberately hurting them? Their thoughts were interrupted by the
secretary pressing a button on an interphone and announcing:

"Six boys for punishment Ma'am."

The adjoining door opened and in walked the Headmistress Mrs Buchan. To the
surprise of the males she was much younger than they had expected. Aged well
under thirty, she was of average height, slim with a well scrubbed plain
freckled face and medium length red hair. Looking every inch an academic she
wore her gown over a non-descript plain blue dress. She stood behind the desk
and read the punishment book entry. She then came round the desk, and glancing
at their still present erections, addressed them:

"I understand that you are the new intake. I would normally allow a certain
leeway to new boys on many infringements of the rules but when it comes to a
basic lack of self-control I do not intend to exercise that discretion. Showing
sexual interest in any of my staff requires a punishment that will help to
instil some sense of decent behaviour in you. During your stay in this school
you may have to be punished in various ways and with various implements but
those of you who are sent to me can expect only one punishment...the cane."

She paused to allow her words to sink in and then asked:

"Have any of you been caned before?"

An embarrassed shuffling of feet followed by a muttered "No" went down the line.

"Miss Alton, you did instruct these thugs in the correct manner in which to
address me I trust?"

The young secretary blushed at her error but stammered a reply, confirmed that
she had.

"Very well, no excuse, remind me to add three extras to each boy's punishment to
remind them that its "Madam, Ma'am or Headmistress"...and all of them to be
spoken clearly. Now to continue my talk: I administer the cane in the
traditional way, you will be bent over to present and tighten the buttock area,
and my secretary here will be the witness. It will also be a salutary lesson if
you are punished in front of each other. It will hurt...believe me...it will
hurt, so you will need to brace yourselves. Should any of you try to avoid
punishment by moving out of position I shall simply start again from the
beginning. Oh yes, and one more thing...I only flog boys on the bare skin."

Even the most confident of the prisoners was left feeling totally vulnerable by
this talk. Could it really be that this young lady was about to give them all a
formal thrashing? She looked too slim and too feminine, more like a junior
librarian than someone who would soon be deliberately inflicting pain.

She ordered them to follow her into the adjoining office and once again formed a
line facing inwards. The office was large and well lit from floor to ceiling
windows along one side. There was the inevitable desk, a few chairs, a thick
carpet underfoot and on the walls hung what looked like expensive prints. None
of the prisoners even glanced at the pictures; their eyes were riveted on a rack
of canes that hung from the wall behind the desk. There must have been twenty of
them lying horizontally in varying lengths, thickness and weights. They were
complimented by a piece of furniture that stood their side of the desk that
could only have one purpose. Mrs Buchan was inordinately proud of this item
having personally purchased it from an auction. It was a genuine caning bench
and had been produced by the Victorians for use in penal institutions. It stood
just below waist height and was in the shape of a saw-bench or vaulting horse
with A frame legs at either end supported by cross members in old stained oak.
Along the top ran a thin, one foot wide dark, leather bench for the victim to
lay along and intriguingly at one end there was an oblong hole around three
inches by two inches underneath which was a movable mirror. The securing straps
were all wrapped around their mounting points and fastened which confirmed the
Headmistresses remarks about not being secured. At the far end there was a metal
bar with cycle type handgrips set half way up the supporting frame. This was an
addition commissioned by Mrs Buchan so that her victims would have something to
grip during their punishment.

"Remove your training strip" she ordered.

Hesitatingly, the males removed the shirt then the shorts and having folded them
placed them on the floor behind them as indicated by the secretary. She was then
told by Mrs Buchan to show the prisoners how to present themselves for
punishment.

She calmly steeped up to the end of the horse, placed her high-heeled feet wide
apart either side of where the struts touched the carpet announcing "Position
One." She then indicated the hole and mimed placing a set of genitals through
the gap. Leant down along the top with her hands hanging down, face towards the
caner and announced "Position Two".  She then gripped the handles with her
delicate hands, placed her feet on the supports that stuck out sideways from the
legs of the horse and announced "Position Three. Even through her skirt the
males could see how the position spread the buttocks embarrassingly as she was
in a partially squatting position and thus tightened the surface to meet the
rod. This did nothing to help the males control their erections which now
protruded unencumbered by the thin shorts.

Having stood up she then walked over to the rack and asked Mrs Buchan which cane
she required.

" A medium weight one with reasonable length and good flexibility please."

The young secretary selected one from the rack, flexed it experimentally,
grimaced and replaced it. The second choice was about three foot six inches in
length and dipped slightly under its own weight when held horizontally by the
handle. She grasped it at either end and bent it easily to ninety degrees before
handing her selection to the Headmistress. She in turn gave it a few practice
swishes from over her shoulder to below waist level.

"A little heavy for a first caning but otherwise perfectly suitable, thank you
Miss Alton. Would you please read out the standing orders for boys undergoing
headmistress punishment? "

This last remark ratcheted up the prisoners' tension by a fair few notches.
Clearly, every part of the discipline was to be as drawn out and formal as
possible. Miss Alton took down a printed board hanging next to the cane rack,
stood in front of the naked males and read its contents to them.

"Appendix 4 to the Standing orders for punishment" she read out in a loud clear
voice.

"No1. All punishments will be carried out in full with no reduction in strokes
for whatever reason. 2. Prisoners will take up the position they are ordered
without delay. 3. Any prisoner who fails to hold position will be considered to
have refused an order. 4. Prisoners under punishment are to avoid or minimise
any exclamations of discomfort. 5. Prisoners will say after each stroke its
number and express thanks to the punishment officer. For example: " Twelve,
thank you Headmistress." 6. Any attempt to avoid the cane with either hands or
feet will be regarded as refusal to obey an order. 7. Any stroke may be repeated
at the discretion of the punishment officer or any witness. 8. A further member
of staff who should be medically trained shall witness any punishments that
exceed twelve strokes. 9. Under no circumstances will any allowance be taken or
reduction awarded on the basis of previous recent punishment. 10. On completion
of punishment the prisoner shall remain in position 3 until ordered to stand.
11.No attempt shall be made to rub, touch or massage the buttocks following a
punishment ."

"Are there any questions? Mrs Buchan snapped?"

A clear "No Headmistress" was the response down the line.

"Then we will commence punishment, I will be awarding you all nine strokes, you
will be flogged in numerical order. You will take up positions under the
directions of Miss Alton." With that she place the cane on the table with a dry
rattle, removed her gown and slowly rolled up the long sleeves of her dress. Her
build looked more wiry that muscular and her slimness was emphasised by her
small breasts that hardly caused a swelling under the dress front. There was
some unspoken speculation in many male minds that such a slight figure could
hardly wield the cane with force. She picked it up at the business end and
nodded to Miss Alton to commence.

"Prisoner No 2 step forward. Position 1!"

A tall slim male around thirty gingerly placed his feet in position. On the
command "Position 2" he nervously leant over guiding his scrotum and hard penis
through the hole and on hearing "Position 3" he gripped the handles with all his
might and placed his feet on the supports.  Miss Alton bent over and reached
under the horse to move the mirror until it was to the position the Headmistress
required. Obviously she intended to watch her victims genitalia for any
reactions during the infliction.

Mrs Buchan slowly raised the cane over her left shoulder and then brought it
whirring down across the centre of the male's buttocks. It had been her
intention to signal to the entire room that a headmistress flogging was
something to be avoided. The impact of the springy cane convinced everyone and
as the pain peaked, the bucking of the prisoner and the gasp of shock that came
from his clamped teeth supported that view.

The strokes were laid on with calm precision at around five second intervals.
Despite her slim frame, each lashed down across the undefended flesh with
considerable effect as could be seen from the twitching of the leg muscles and
muted exclamations that preceded each count:

"M.mm.mmm  7 Thank you Headmistress!"

By the time the Headmistress announced "Punishment completed," the weals from
the first strokes were already fully formed and pulling the buttock skin-tight.
This caused even more gasps of discomfort as he was ordered to stand and then
take his place back in line with his hands clutched on top of his head.

"Prisoner No 3 Position 1!" snapped Miss Alton.

This time a young rather podgy male aged around twenty stepped forward. His
erection already showed signs of wilting as he took up position 2 then 3. His
backside seemed to almost swallow the cane for a second as it bit in for the
first stroke. The shock seemed to take his breath away but as Mrs Buchan laid on
the second he yelled out aloud.

Without a trace of compassion she looked down on the boy and pointed out that
not only had he failed to count the strokes but he was also making far too much
noise. She almost whispered that she would start again from the beginning. He
looked at the Headmistress as if about to speak then sensibly decided to keep
quite. The punishment continued with him remembering to call out each stroke,
albeit with a somewhat constricted throat as he tried not to yell out as each
imposition of pain reached his brain.

The routine of the discipline continued with each male being ordered to present
himself to the cane in turn. Eventually it was the turn of the last candidate a
heavily built man in his forties. From expressing a view earlier about how
ridiculous the treatment was to grown men, he had now been reduced to the level
of a sixteen-year old meekly waiting for his turn over the horse. He had watched
each punishment stroke by stroke; seen the weals appear and swell and imagined
the pain as each prisoner stood back in line with his hands on his head and face
screwed into a grimace of pain. Now it was his turn to be thrashed by this young
lady and watched by her even younger assistant and there wasn't a damned thing
that he could do about it. She would be hurting him and that was that.

As Miss Alton ordered him into position, she commenced a conversation about him
with her boss:

" I am surprised Ma'am that a man of his age cannot control his emotions he is
still disgustingly erect. He seems as full of lust now as when we started this
session. Do you think we can expect him to control himself when he starts to
feel the cane?"

Mrs Buchan commented that anything was possible and that it might be useful and
instructive if she was to monitor his genitals as the thrashing progressed. The
younger girl smiled enthusiastically and knelt down by the horse on the opposite
side to the Headmistress, reached underneath and gripped the hanging swollen
organ between her fingers. It was fairly hard to the touch and by the time the
secretary had gripped it firmly and pushed the tight foreskin up to the base it
was rock-hard. She gripped the slippery glans firmly between her fingers and
waited.

Mrs Buchan ran the cane through the clutched fingers of her left hand as she
gave her assistant time to get to grips with the male organ. He was certainly a
well-built brute she thought to herself as she looked down along his muscled
back to where the pale outline of a brief pair of trunks had been worn for
sunbathing in recent days. Copious body-hair was visible between his legs and
into his anal cleft and she guessed from a startled lurch of his thighs, contact
had been made underneath, a fact that she confirmed by looking in the mirror
where a sizeable penis now protruded from the girl's fist. She always derived
the greatest satisfaction in humbling these men who were nearly twice her age
and three to four times her size. The bigger they are the harder they fall she
thought to herself as she raised her cane and brought it swishing down across
the proffered muscles.

Miss Alton heard the cane and as it hit felt the penis forcefully ram into her
fist as the victim flinched. Confident that she could maintain her grip she
raised her head until her face was just behind the prisoner's head where she
blew gently on to the back of his head to let him know she was close. As the
thrashing continued she whispered words of condolence and firmly but erotically
massaged the dangling organ up and down.

For the prisoners part the handling literally added insult to injury. The insult
of the indecent molestation to the injury of the cane. He had already learned
better than to argue and so he gritted his teeth, gripped the handgrips fiercely
and called out the strokes to his tormentor.

Eventually he called the ninth stroke and just before ordering him to position
1, Miss Alton gave him a last lingering rub around his bare glans. He then stood
with his penis rampantly standing free of his body and with the Headmistress
looking at him with horror. She tapped the head firmly with the tip of the cane
as she spoke to Miss Alton.

"Would you look at this disgusting display! I have an awful feeling that we have
one of those perverts here who actually derives sexual pleasure from being caned
by young women. Remind me to ask Matron to take a thorough look at him."

He was then told to join his brothers and both females looked at the row of
naked prisoners, all now standing with their hands on heads against the wall.
They were ordered to replace their training strip and told that they could
leave. They left the office and walked slowly back to the classrooms still not
daring to touch themselves in case anyone saw them. They were soon back in the
classroom and one of the waiting prisoners rushed off to find Miss Elkins and
tell her that the class was ready to resume.

She bustled back in as if the break had been to take refreshments rather than
pain. As they were all ordered to take their seats gasps of discomfort came from
several of them as their bruised buttocks touched the hard seats. There was but
fifteen minutes to fill before the prisoners next surprise so Miss Elkins
announced that they would be doing spelling practice. She read out words from an
open book and asked each boy in turn to spell them on the large blackboard in
chalk. The first round was easy with all words being spelt correctly. Round two
was where she planned to demonstrate one of her favourite forms of correction
for which she would need an offender. Unknown to the class, she had been briefed
on the thrashing by Miss Alton so the choice of target would be easy.

"Ceiling, receipt, conceit" and similar words were spelt correctly by the
nervous boys. When, however it was the turn of the last male to be caned on the
horse, the word was "accommodation". Wilson was not stupid by any means, but the
combination of pain from his backside, writing in chalk on a board and the
general nervousness they all felt proved too much. He wrote "accomodation" and
realised his mistake as he stood back. No corrections were permitted and Miss
Elkins addressed the class:

"In the good old days the Mistress would correct such mistakes immediately. That
way the boy would never forget how to spell such a word. I intend to teach him
the same lesson."

Calmly she corrected the spelling by writing the word above Wilson's attempt.
She then went to her desk, retrieved a heavy wooden ruler and called him over to
stand in front of the class. He was told to hold his hands out in front of him
at waist height, but palms down. She held the rule in her hand and walked
towards him.

To be continued.

If you enjoyed this story, may the author remind you that he is always open to
new ideas and suggestions on how the story could develop? Several readers' ideas
have already been incorporated.




Chapter 45.

The male prisoner had certainly heard of the phrase  "having one's knuckles
rapped", and dimly remembered hearing how it used to be a school punishment at
some time. When Miss Elkins raised the heavy rule to a point above the back of
his right hand he realised that he was about to experience the punishment for
himself and braced in readiness.

The rule was brought down across the knuckles with a crack that was heard around
the classroom, as was the sudden exclamation of the victim. Slowly she moved the
rule to a position over the left hand, paused and brought it down even harder
across the lumpy joints.

She then lowered the rule until it rested alongside her thigh and waited.
Wilson's hands were both trembling as the sickening pain surged through them. He
hoped that it would just be the two raps but as she lifted the rule once more,
he realised that she intended to repeat the blows on what were now bruised and
throbbing knuckles. The rule was brought cracking down across each hand in turn
and the rule returned to her side. She watched Wilson intently and noticed the
tears of pain that ran down each cheek.

Fortunately he had the good sense not to lower his hands or, even worse, rub
them together to ease the pain. Miss Elkins had not yet finished. The ruler was
again positioned and each set of knuckles rapped  for a third time.

"It's a rather old fashioned punishment," she remarked to him, "but one that is
rather effective and requires little effort on my part. Admittedly it does
require a certain amount of self-control by the victim. Can I take it that you
have learnt your lesson?"

Wilson assured her that he had, with all the sincerity he could muster. He was
then allowed to lower his hands and take his seat again. Soon the class was
dismissed and told to find their way to the parade hall where they found
themselves joining the other 13 new boys.

Stewart failed to see Gilpin initially until he noticed a male prisoner with a
rather prominent chest and realised that she had been through the same haircut
as the rest. It must have been an even greater indignity to her as a female but
there she stood, shorn and nervous. Miss Saraswat arrived, and having had them
line up in three ranks spaced well apart, she spoke to them.

"You will now be presented to the staff who have kindly agreed to take part in
your training tonight. Each lady will pass amongst you and make her decision.
They have been asked to make several choices and will then bid for you at
auction. They may ask you any question that they wish. To save time you will
display yourselves to help them with their choice. You may be erect without
attracting punishment. You Gilpin will simply stand there but you may expect to
be examined through your strip. The males will now pull up the front of their
shirts, lift up their genitals and hang them over the top of the waist-band. You
will then all stand with feet apart and hands behind your backs."

Then they waited. Miss Saraswat thought back to the list of rules that all the
staff who wished to use a male for the night were obliged to agree to. Appendix
15 stated that the purpose of the evening was to acquaint new prisoners in
accepting orders from females and also accepting punishment when a female
considered it necessary. There was a list of the personal duties that the staff
had to accept. They had to be prepared to strip in front of the prisoner to
sexually tempt them. They were also expected to order them to carry out service
with their tongues on all the personal areas of their body. They were given
various ways in which to make that task as unpleasant as possible for the
prisoner. They could be used for penetrative sex but the staff member was
responsible for using the creams and condoms provided to maintain hygienic sex
and prevent orgasmic release for the males. Above all, the staff member must be
prepared not only to inflict punishment herself, but also to not hesitate in
sending for the duty policewoman to administer more severe discipline. Miss
Saraswat had certainly signed the form herself and idly looked around wondering
which male would be hers. The presence of Gilpin had made quite an impression on
some of the more butch wardresses and she anticipated a heavy demand for her
usage.

She was just thinking how vulnerable they all looked when the first staff
members came into the hall. The lady Dentist and her young assistant were the
first to walk up and down the lines. Both of them followed the same method of
standing in front of the prisoner, lightly grasping his penis and then asking
extremely embarrassing questions.

"When did you last have sex?" "Does this thing of yours have real staying
power?" "Are you prepared to follow any order that I might give you?" and so on
down the line. They simply ignored Gilpin however. Having considered their
choice they completed a form and took their seat in the back of the room.

The next lady to enter was a short and rather fat wardress with short hair and
clusters of studs on both ears. She ignored the males and went straight to
Gilpin. She stood in front of her staring into her eyes. Stewart overheard the
only question that she asked: "Are you gay or straight girl?" When Gilpin
nervously replied that she was straight a wide grin spread over the wardresses
chubby face. She slowly placed her hands under the girl's T shirt and ran them
up to grip her chest. Stewart could then see through the thin material how she
brought her fingers together to grip Gilpin's nipples.

"But you will follow orders I trust!"

Gilpins spoken agreement was interrupted by a fierce squeeze to both breasts
that made her knees buckle. The wardress then moved on to take her seat.

One by one the staff entered and walked up and down the lines. Most were
uniformed wardresses of various ages. Some were presumably administrative staff
and were dressed in casual everyday clothes. Most were hard faced and overweight
but some were reasonably attractive with the odd one or two being rather pretty.
Around a third showed an interest in Gilpin and most of those found an excuse to
fondle her through the thin material of her training strip. Stewart knew that
the appearance of the staff-member must not matter to the individual prisoner
who would have to do as he or she was told, without question. All they could do
in the meantime was to stare straight ahead and answer the questions in the most
respectful way they could. One young wardress came forward. She looked as though
she had just come from the gym and was dressed in a white sports shirt, short
pleated skirt, socks and trainers. She seemed to take a fancy to Stewart and
made a point of firmly gripping his penis as she looked him over. She was around
five foot six inches tall, well rounded and still carrying an amount of "puppy
fat". Her fair hair was worn in a regulation bun and her rather plain face
devoid of make up. Her face appeared to be permanently frozen in a bored and
aloof expression with a large nose seemingly thrust upward. She asked no
questions, but left him with a whispered "See you later...Boy!"

A Senior Wardress with short greying hair took up a position behind a table and
arranged a wooden hammer and pad in front of her. The excited hubbub of
conversation died down and the auction began. Stewart noticed that all the staff
now clutched a number of tokens that he later learnt had been awarded under a
merit system the Governor had introduced. Some staff had very few whereas others
had been collecting them for months. She then ordered the first prisoner to
stand on the table with his hands behind his head and legs wide apart, his
genitals still hanging from the waist-band of his shorts.

The auctioneer wasted few words:

"Male aged 32years. What am I bid ladies?"

The bidding was in "credits" and drifted to around two thousand before tailing
off. A loud bang of the gavel and a middle-aged administrator-lady came forward,
presented the printed credit notes to the auctioneer and, having watched her
purchase climb down off the table, led him away by his ear.

"Male aged 23 years, in fine athletic condition, plenty of stamina, untrained
and requiring some firm guidance no doubt...what am I bid?"

This time a rustle of excitement went around the room as the good looking young
male stood on display. Bidding was fierce and eventually between just two of the
senior wardresses, both in their forties. Neither would normally have stood a
chance of getting their hands on such a specimen, but all they required here
were enough credits and he could be hers for the evening. He was finally knocked
down for 3,400 credits to a heavily built wardress with long fair hair who
suddenly looked as if she was the original cat and the male, the original cream.
Again, as soon as he was down from the table the excited woman grasped his arm
and led him hurriedly out of the room to the muted titters of her colleagues.

"Female 23 years, in good condition and with previous experience having been
held in the Female Correctional Centre...shall we start at 2,000 credits
ladies?"

Gilpin looked totally dejected as she stood on the table. Her only advantage was
that she didn't have to display her genitals as did the male prisoners, but
looking at the bidders, mostly from the butch and uniformed group present, she
knew that humiliation was only delayed until the successful bidder could get her
back to the privacy of her room.  Several excited females started the bidding
but soon dropped out leaving a short squat wardress with studded ears bidding
against a tall, thin senior wardress with a witch like face. Neither showed the
slightest concern for Gilpin, only a determination to win at all costs. Each was
circled by what were obviously her close friends and Stewart could see them
handing over credits to enable the bids to keep climbing. Eventually, at over
6,000 credits, the gavel fell and the taller wardress stood and with an evil
smile walked over to the table. Having taken the proffered credits, the
auctioneer smilingly congratulated the winner and offered the hope that Gilpin
would provide good value for the high price that had been paid. Only Gilpin and
the auctioneer were able to hear the woman's reply half whispered to her new
purchase:

"You can bet your life that she is going to give good value, this is going to be
the hardest night of your life... bitch!"

With a click of her fingers she strode towards the exit with the terrified
looking female prisoner trotting after her to keep up. In their wake followed
four other wardresses who had been helping with the credits, almost running to
keep up and claim their own rewards.

By accident or design Stewart was the last prisoner to be placed on the block.
He had watched some males led away by one or two of the more attractive staff
members and felt almost envy. He thought to himself that if he had to carry out
the most personal of services and be thrashed on some female whim, it would be
easier to bear if his "owner" was at least attractive. Being subjugated by one
of the older matron types would be even more difficult to accept. Not of course,
that he had any choice in the matter. There remained only around ten ladies to
bid and several of them were only there because they had failed to win the
prisoner that they really wanted. Amongst them was the young girl in sports kit
who had fondled him, the short fat wardress who had failed in her bidding for
Gilpin and some of the older, more senior staff both in uniform and without.
None were in any way attractive by Stewart's standards but that factor was not
one that would be even considered.

The bidding started at a humiliating 500 credits but was soon racing through
2,000, perhaps fuelled by the knowledge that it would be another month before
there would be a further opportunity to bid for a servant. Several bidders sat
with flushed faces but the younger girl, who seemed to have an inexhaustible
supply, calmly raised each bid by a comfortable margin. They were soon down to
two bidders as before. Stewart was holding his breath, at least the girl was
straight and had shown no interest in Gilpin so he could at least hope that her
demands would be more reasonable than would the ear-studded woman who was
bidding against her.

Unfortunately the young girl simply ran out of credits and when the auctioneer
called for 3,700 she shook her head. The all too ugly uniformed wardress nodded
in acceptance. Stewart's heart sank as he looked at who his new owner would be
and almost panicked as he imagined trying to satisfy her intimate demands.

Just that second, as the gavel was raised to condemn Stewart to an evening with
the woman, Miss Saraswat intervened and handed the girl a bunch of credits. The
auction resumed, and in no time, the now furious woman was out bid and the
relieved Stewart was knocked down to the young girl. The gavel fell and Stewart
climbed down from the table ready to be led away. But there was yet another
surprise for him: The girl, handing over the credits, announced that she had
been bidding on behalf of Miss Saraswat and it was the young Indian lady who
gripped him by the ear and led him out of the room.

It was fortunately only a short walk to Miss Saraswat's apartment and the grip
on his ear was only released when he reached the door. He stood upright and
noticed that the young wardress had followed them. All three were soon inside
and the door bolted ominously behind them.

The two wardresses were soon relaxing in easy chairs in the sitting room, with
their new "purchase" standing at attention in front of them. Miss Saraswat
looked at her young colleague and asked if she had brought the laundry with her
and received a reply in the affirmative. The girl went through to the kitchen
area and returned with a large plastic bag that she dumped on the floor in front
of Stewart. Miss Saraswat addressed him:

"As you know Stewart, my name is Miss Saraswat and this young lady under my
instruction is Miss Debbie. We will both be putting you through your paces this
evening and so we will start by letting you know who is in charge around here.
On my instructions Miss Debbie has just finished a very strenuous work out in
the gymnasium so she will be requiring some personal attention. I think that we
will begin by impressing our authority on you".

With that she slowly stood up positioned herself in front of him and, drawing
back her right hand slapped him hard across his cheek. She then repeated the
slap with her other hand and his other cheek leaving his face burning. For a
slim female she certainly had a fierce slap he thought to himself. Without
waiting to be told, Miss Debbie then took position, braced herself with her feet
well apart and...whap...,  hit him with all her force almost knocking him off
his feet. Despite her youth and puppy fat she was clearly extremely fit and
capable of slapping hard. The next blow with the other hand was just as
effective and left him with a burning face and ringing ears.

They then took their seats again.

"I hope that you now understand that we will accept no nonsense from you
Stewart. You will be punished for any irritation that you may cause us and in a
far more sensitive place than your face. Miss Debbie has kindly brought some
washing for you to do so down on your knees and lay the items out neatly and
respectfully".

Stewart pondered to himself as he knelt, as to why the wardresses always took
great delight in making the males do their laundry. He opened the bag and felt
inside. He was not surprised to feel the familiar outlines of girl's underwear
and started to pull them out, noticing the mixture of aromas that emanated.
There were four types of garment, panties, brassieres, short socks and a couple
of stringy suspender belts. Firstly he separated the three brassieres, they were
all sturdy support types, two white and one black and they confirmed that the
impression that the two mounds under the uniform shirt front indicated a larger
than average bust size. All three were sweat stained under the armpit. Next came
ten pairs of panties: They were all white, at least when last washed. Six were
flimsy thongs and four were more substantial sports types. All ten pairs
confirmed that the owner tended to sweat profusely and when the crotches were
opened to view, revealed that she took little care with her personal hygiene.
The crotches of the thong panties were screwed up into little more than a tight
roll of stained material. He carefully unravelled the material and laid them out
on the floor with the bras and other items. All the time conscious of the young
wardress standing over him with her trainers planted firmly apart.

It took him the best part of thirty minutes to hand wash the intimate and soiled
items in the bathroom sink. He then respectfully hung them all to drip and dry
on a rail hanging over the bath. Miss Debbie carried out a cursory inspection of
her dripping underwear and, seemingly satisfied, ordered him back to the main
room where Miss Saraswat addressed him.

"The time as come to assess your respect for Miss Debbie. Either of us will be
giving you orders that you will obey without question. Miss Debbie will now sit
in the armchair and you will remove her shoes and clean her covered feet with
your tongue".

Without hesitation, Stewart knelt in front of her and reverently slipped off her
trainers. It was a warm muggy day and he would have been prepared to excuse a
little foot odour, but the sock toes and undersides were positively damp and
certainly smelly. He knew that this could not be allowed to slow him down and
firmly lifted her right foot towards his mouth and, trying to ignore the strong
cheesy odour, started to systematically lick all around the woollen material. He
considered himself fortunate that at least the sock material denied his tongue
access to between her toes, but the sweat that had seeped through was bad
enough.

Displaying the usual casual indifference to a prisoner's presence, the girl lay
well back with her legs splayed. Stewart could not help the odd crafty glance to
the darkened areas between her legs, wondering just how far she would be taking
this test of his respect. She then snapped the order:

"Socks off and get licking!"

As respectfully as possible Stewart peeled the damp socks of the sweaty feet and
laid them on the floor. Perhaps it was a result of his proximity to the feet,
but he could not recall a more odorous pair and he knew that his tongue would
have to clean them both,... thoroughly.

He started on the right foot and licked the upper surface then under the arches.
Eventually his tongue went in between the large toes and he tasted the salty
deposits as his nose was obliged to inhale the rancid cheese like odour.

It took nearly ten minutes, ten unpleasant minutes, before the girl pulled her
feet back on the floor and stood up. With a glance at Miss Saraswat for her
approval she ordered Stewart to his feet.

"As you may have noticed Stewart, I didn't have time for a shower after my gym
session so that tongue of yours is going to be rather busy this evening. Take
off my  shirt!"

Stewart stood in front of her and slowly started to undo the buttons on the
front of the short sleeved garment. To his surprise he started to uncover not a
dull support bra but a very flimsy garment that immediately allowed him to
appreciate her full figure as each breast gently rippled within the confining
material of the cup. As his hands moved down to her stomach he noticed a roll of
surplus fat that he had half expected on this bouncy young girl. He moved to her
rear and gently pulled the shirt free from her broad shoulders leaving her
standing there with just her brassiere covering her upper half. She slowly
raised her arms and placed them on her head revealing that she didn't believe in
shaving body hair. Under each armpit there was a thick tuft of matted fair hair
and a whiff of stale sweat reached his nostrils. By now his penis had erected
and was poking embarrassingly out of his shorts but this event either went
unnoticed or the ladies felt it was unworthy of any comment.

"Lick my armpits!" she commanded.

Stewart was surprised at the confidence of the girl and had no idea that she was
simply following the earlier orders of Miss Saraswat. He was so absorbed by his
task that it would be difficult to think of anything but the job in hand.
Perhaps Miss Debbie normally wore deodorant and had simply forgotten to apply
any that morning. More likely was her belief that when ordering a bunch of male
prisoners around there was no need to take any special care of her own
appearance and cleanliness as they would hardly be in a position to complain.
Certainly the matted under-arm hair seemed chemical free if not taste and odour
free. Stewart licked upward starting at the base of the armpit so that the hair
became even damper as he progressed.

Having checked out of the corner of his eye that Miss Saraswat was unable to see
where he was looking, he allowed himself the odd furtive glance at the gently
quaking breasts as his tongue slid over her arm-pit. Just then, Miss Saraswat
moved to the girl's front and spoke to her.

"I'm surprised that you don't wear a support bra when exercising. That flimsy
article can't give you any support at all".

"That's true Ma'am and normally I strap them up firmly with one of those bras
lying on the floor, but watching that female prisoner I got to thinking about
how they have to exercise without any bra at all, and I wondered just how
uncomfortable that would be. I didn't want to cause myself too much discomfort
so I opted for minimum support and exercised with this type."

"And how was it?" asked the senior wardress with a smirk.


"Surprisingly uncomfortable Ma'am. Even with the support of this bra...change
armpits Stewart....they were moving about a fair bit. I could well imagine that
any female with large breasts would experience considerable discomfort. I hear
that the females in the correctional centre can get the cane across their
breasts if the are caught wearing any support when exercising. I would guess
that would really hurt them".

Miss Saraswat then suggested that she remove her bra so that she could assess
her firmness for herself. Miss Debbie simply told Stewart to take it off and
assisted him in lowering her arms. As soon as it was clear she told him to
resume his licking.

He could not help taking another sneaky look at the girl. Her breasts were of
the type that he always regarded as boring. There was nothing wrong with the
size but lacked the solidity and pertness that he always hoped to find in a
young girl. They were like two overfilled white balloons that hung from the
chest rather than stuck out. They were tipped with two small pink areolea and
nipples. Her slightest movement set up a swaying motion to and fro across her
chest. Miss Saraswat looked them over lifting each in turn with her fingers.

" Mmmm, I can certainly see that you need really good support. Thank yourself
lucky that you are not a prisoner where I could really exercise you and get them
moving! The threat of having to take a whipping on them certainly imparts a
valuable lesson in obeying dress regulations. If you are interested I will send
this male to the library to take out one of the Correctional Training Videos on
Breast Punishments and you can see examples of the females getting
breast-caned".

Stewart was relieved of the arm-pit duty and given a scribbled note from Miss
Saraswat along with the directions he would need. His erection subsided as he
hurried across the parade ground and presented the note to one of the civilian
librarians. Without a word she searched the racks and handed him a box labelled
"Female Correctional Training.  23/4".

On his return Miss Debbie had set up two armchairs opposite a large screen
television. She was sprawled in one and Miss Saraswat in the other. Stewart was
instructed to load the cassette and then told, by Miss Debbie that he would have
to amuse her whilst she watched the video. Without any embarrassment, she placed
a knee over each arm and pressed the play button. Stewart waited, standing by
her seat from where the screen could be seen. A number of boring titles and
references appeared followed by some general shots of the Female Centre. A
female voice over then spoke about the requirements for the prisoners to
exercise without support and there were several shots of a group of them
carrying out various exercises in the gymnasium, clearly without bras under
their vests. The females were unknown to Stewart and had probably all been
released by now. They were all chosen for the size of their breasts to emphasise
how much movement would take place. One young twenty-year old seemed to be the
main focus of the film with plenty of close-ups showing her breasts bouncing,
flopping and swaying with only the thin cotton of her vest for support and
concealment.

The scene soon changed to the main punishment room where the breast punishment
frame was shown. A hapless, tall, dark haired girl was brought in dressed in the
usual schoolgirl uniform and ordered to strip to the waist. As the prisoner
stood there with her large breasts swinging from side to side, Miss Debbie
clicked her fingers and pointed to her crotch. Stewart turned away from the
screen, knelt down between her parted, heavy thighs and lifted the edge of the
short skirt revealing a pair of white sports knickers. The girl was still
perspiring from her earlier exercise and the warmth of the room only raised her
body temperature higher. As he moved his head forward between her thighs he
could see the sweat that had been running down her legs and started to scent the
crotch odours of an exercised female. With his head covered by the skirt, he
placed his lips as reverently as possible against the stretched and stained
material and prodded the vertical indentation that indicated the location of her
vulva with the tip of his tongue for some time.

Miss Debbie murmured appreciatively and lifting her backside clear of the chair,
ordered him to remove her panties. Using the opportunity to take a deep breath
of fresh air Stewart reached up the outside of each hip and pulled the damp
garment down and then off her legs and feet. Behind him he could hear the
monotone voice of the commentator describing the breast punishment frame and how
the prisoner was to be secured. Then with another imperious click of her fingers
Miss Debbie instructed him to resume his duties.

It surprised Stewart just how much protection the thin panties had provided his
nasal passages. Without them, as he went back under the skirt, the parting in
the thick matted pubic hairs revealed the vulva just inches from his nose. It
was slightly parted with the inner lips and clitoral hood protruding. The full
smells of the young girl hit him hard. Instinctively he withdrew his head and,
before he even had time to appreciate his stupidity, was ordered to his feet
with Miss Saraswat picking up the 'phone as Miss Debbie stopped the video player
with the remote.

"I'm afraid that we have had a "refusal" and will require your presence!" she
said to an unknown person. She then replaced the 'phone and turned to him. "I
had hoped that with your experience you would be more obedient Stewart, however,
one of our policewomen will soon knock some sense into you. Strip off that
training kit you have on.

Within seconds he stood naked and still erect in front of Miss Saraswat and the
young girl, they were both well used to having males strip to their commands and
appeared impassive. The latter had not moved from the chair and was still
leaning back legs apart, albeit with the skirt pulled down over her pubic area.
They were looking for any excuse to have him punished, and he had been careless
enough to provide them with one. A  firm knock came on the apartment door and
Miss Saraswat briskly went and opened it to let in a Sergeant policewoman
carrying a long bag which she emptied on the floor. Out fell a collection of
implements. Miss Saraswat started to explain the problem to the sergeant who
brusquely assured her that whatever she required in the way of discipline would
be applied without question on her part. She stated that all she needed was a
suggestion of which implement and how many strokes and she could start work on
him. Unfortunately, every staff member was calling for her services with all
these prisoners under training, so she would have to be quick.

Stewart was told to pick up the implements from the floor and lay them on a low
table. There were a couple of light canes, three straps of various thicknesses
and two wooden paddles. Miss Saraswat worked her way through them, slapping them
against her left palm, or in the case of the canes, swishing them through the
air. Eventually she settled on the heavier of the two straps, explaining to the
sergeant that she felt the leather could be applied with more force than the
cane without any risk of having to stop the beating because of any damage. The
policewoman agreed with her choice and, mentioning his already marked buttocks,
recommended that "ten hard ones" would be necessary if they were to get through
to him. She then suggested that he should be placed in a position where he would
be constantly reminded of his offence as the strap was applied.



Stewart was told to present the tawse to the officer. As he approached her he
took in her heavy build, unsmiling face, uniformed hat, tunic and skirt. Why did
it always seem worse taking a beating from a female in uniform? He thought to
himself. Perhaps it was the uniform that conveyed the impression of female
authority and intimated the brutal way in which the strap would be applied. As
respectfully as possible he used both hands to hand her the heavy oiled strap.

It was Miss Debbie who suggested the position he should assume. She still sat
laid back on the easy chair with her knees spread and resting over the arms. She
told him to bend from the waist facing her with his hands gripping the padded
arm rests just under her knees. She slowly raised the short skirt exposing her
spread crotch to his gaze.

The policewoman pushed his feet apart with her booted foot, stood back and
suddenly brought the strap thwacking down across his already tenderised buttocks
in a swinging arc parallel with the floor. She had obviously put her weight
behind it but there was the usual wait until the impact on his flesh reached his
brain. He gripped the chair arms with his nails and arched his head back as the
searing pain surged through him. As he looked down he could see the look on Miss
Debbie's face as she made no attempt to hide her excitement at watching his face
contort.

The sergeant was certainly in a hurry. Without any ceremony or delays she simply
laid on the ten strokes with the strap as rapidly as she could, each accompanied
by a grunt of effort as the leather came down. Within 30 seconds the punishment
was over and she was collecting her equipment and leaving. Naturally for Stewart
the pain was still increasing and he felt his legs give way as he slumped to his
knees between Miss Debbie's legs. He had never received such a rapid and brutal
beating but as waves of agony surged through him, he knew he must continue to
grip the chair and struggle to his feet. As the door slammed shut behind the
policewoman, Miss Debbie held his twisted face in her hands watching his facial
expressions intently.

It was a full five minutes before Miss Saraswat restarted the video. The hapless
prisoner was stretched on the frame and a nurse was wiping the large globes with
antiseptic swabs. An all too recognisable wardress, Miss James was then seen
calmly removing her uniform shirt and large brassiere as the voice over intoned
the emphasis that the bare breasts would impart to the feminine aspect of the
punishment. Miss Debbie then told him to kneel between the parted legs and
complete the order that he had been given.

The throbbing pain in his nates swamped nearly all his other sensations and he
moved his face close to the split vulva and it's surrounding hairs. Holding his
breath he thrust his tongue into a hard probe and wriggled it in the centre of
the opening between the inner lips then dragged it firmly upwards, separating
the folds until he reached the wrinkled nub at the top. He heard a gasp of
excitement from above him and, ignoring the salty, stale taste, started to lick
and prod the clitoral area as hard as he could knowing that anything less than a
satisfactory result would result in another brief but effective visit from the
policewoman. As his tongue worked at the task, his nasal passages filled with
the scents of the unwashed female orifice and not even the normal scents of
arousal could overcome them. Fighting against his natural urge to refuse and
move his head away he even found himself able to lick deep inside the lower
levels of the girl's sex and was rewarded by Miss Debbie's thighs slowly bucking
and moving. He could only hear the video; the sounds of the breast cane falling
on a soft defenceless breast  complementing the young wardresses heavy breathing
and excited moans.

He renewed his tongue efforts and soon found it difficult to keep in touch with
the clitoral tip as the crotch started a rhythm of near ecstasy as her climax
approached. Suddenly, her heavy thighs were gripping his head, his ears failed
to hear the final strokes across the prisoner's breasts and a satisfying shudder
ran through Miss Debbie's entire body. Her thigh grip made Stewart's breathing
almost impossible and it was with some relief when the grip was suddenly
released and he heard the stern voice of Miss Saraswat ordering him to his feet.
She stood close to him, still in her full wardress uniform. Her dark eyes
flashed menacingly.

"The beating certainly seems to have improved your attitude Stewart", she
remarked with a smirk, glancing down at his erection, "Follow me!".

He knew that his new nervousness was entirely justified even before she led him
back into the large bathroom. She closed and locked the door behind them and
then turned to address him with her voice echoing against the white tiled floor
and walls.

"Unlike Miss Debbie, I don't have much need for the services of common males
such as yourself. However, you are here to demonstrate respect and obedience and
so I have little choice other than to use you in some way. Now that we have some
privacy I will be giving you a simple task to fulfil. I will warn you that any
hesitation on your part will result in another visit from that policewoman-and
this time it will be double the number of strokes".

With that threat hanging in the air, the tall Asian wardress carefully poured
out a glass of cold water, which Stewart gratefully swallowed to rehydrate his
tongue and lips. She then lowered the seat cover on the toilet and bent over
placing her hands on the flat surface. She ordered the male prisoner to kneel
behind her and raise her uniform skirt over her waist. Stewart did so and was
rewarded with a close up view of the very panties that had resulted in his
classmates being thrashed earlier in the day. They were more bikini type than
thongs and covered the upper half of the cheeks with the white colour
contrasting with the dusky brown of her flesh. Slowly, she then moved her long
well shaped legs apart until the panty crotch was displayed.

"Pull my panties down clear of my bottom". She commanded.

Nervously, Stewart gripped either side of her panty waistband and pulled the
material down until her bottom was fully exposed. He could hardly avoid noticing
the considerable amount of black body hair that nestled between her legs and
protruded from between her cheeks, so much so that her intimate secrets remained
covered.

"Use both hands to pull my cheeks apart, then start licking until I tell you to
stop".

At least, Stewart thought, I now know what I will be required to do for her. He
then parted the firm buttocks revealing a darkly pink puckered rosebud. Without
hesitation, he touched the centre with his out thrust tongue and started to lick
the anus and surrounding area. Certainly this wardress smelt a little fresher
than the younger girl, but a slightly bitter taste indicated that she had made
no special preparation for his service towards her. The long black hair was soon
damp and remained parted to give his tongue full access. He worked as hard as he
could, firstly gently licking the sensitive opening with his entire tongue, then
firming the tip of his organ and pressing it against the centre until it started
to open a little to his pressure. As his tongue probed he pulled the cheeks
further apart to partially open the wrinkled centre and lick even deeper. At one
point he ventured to lick the entire anal cleft from top to bottom but as he
moved south of his designated target a snapped "No!" from the lady convinced him
to remain in the upper area. No matter how hard he tried he couldn't cause any
apparent reaction that might indicate enjoyment. It was her job to make him
carry out a humiliating task and this was it.

It must have been a full fifteen minutes of tongue work before she called a halt
and he was at last allowed to rest his mouth and aching tongue. She took a few
sheets of toilet paper and reaching behind her, wiped her anal cleft to remove
his saliva. With a look of distaste, she replaced her panties, allowed the skirt
to fall and ordered him to his feet.

"Just one more item before you are through for the evening", she said. "I'm a
firm believer in always punishing a prisoner for an erection and the time has
come to deal with this display". She continued as she gently tapped his hard
penis with her fingers. "Stand at the present in front of the toilet seat!"

She then went over to the bath and carefully selected a pair of Miss Debbie's 
panties hanging over the bath. Instinctively Stewart, guessing what was to
happen, hoped that she would select a small pair of the thong type, but as she
turned he saw that she held a pair of the large sports type panties in her hands
and they were still wet and dripping. She sat on the toilet seat with her legs
apart and pulled him into a position just in front of her by tugging on his
penis. She looked up and spoke:

"I will be giving your balls just two slaps with this garment. Consider it to be
your bad luck that they are still wet. You will remain rigidly at the "present"
until I tell you that you can move".

She lifted his  penis up to his stomach with her left hand as the cold wet
material was held under his vulnerable scrotum. She held the garment by the
waist band so that it would be the crotch that hit his scrotum, lowered them
almost to the floor, concentrated her eyes on the dangling testes and then
brought the material up swiftly between his parted legs.

Stewart knew that however painful the slap would be, he just had to maintain his
position without attempting to either avoid the blow or move away after the pain
reached him. And reach him it soon did.

The agonising cramping pain surged to the point where he couldn't stop his knees
buckling slightly as he exhaled a long moan from between clenched teeth. Both of
them knew how pointless such pain was, but she was authorised to hurt him
whenever she liked and hurt him she would. Miss Saraswat waited patiently for
the male to resume the correct position, giving his penis gentle upward tugs
until his legs were straight, even though they shook slightly. She rubbed the
damp cotton against his scrotum and then lowered her hand and its contents. The
second slap was just as vicious but lacked the shock effect of the first. He was
soon able to stand upright.

"Take these panties to Miss Debbie and ask her to give your testes two similar
slaps".

Stewart couldn't believe that the bitch was making him beg the young girl for
further pain. He knew only too well that there was no alternative and went back
into the sitting room where Miss Debbie was still slumped indecently in the
armchair. He did his best to appear as contrite as possible in the desperate
hope that she would go easy on him.

"Please Miss Debbie, Miss Saraswat has asked that you give my testes two slaps
with your panties".

He stood at attention, her underwear grasped at his side. She slowly stood up,
still dressed only in her short sports skirt. She smiled and licked her lips
moistening them.

"Then I must do as she says Stewart, but I'm afraid I will have to make it hurt,
otherwise there would be no point in doing it to you. Bend over, legs wide and
grasp your ankles".

When Stewart was fully bent with the tightened buttocks still stinging and
aching from his earlier beating, Miss Debbie slowly squatted behind him with her
knees wide. Looking back between his legs Stewart could hardly miss her
genitalia that was spread before his gaze. She started by gently wiping the
panties in an almost soothing way over his weals. Then, leaving the underwear on
his upthrust buttocks, gripped a testicle with each set of fingers and rolled
them firmly between her thumbs and fingers.

"I must say that I thoroughly approve of slapping these as a punishment. I can't
believe the fuss that the males here make when their poor little balls are
tapped." She murmured to herself giving both of them a firm squeeze. Stewart
shook his hips and yelped aloud. "There, there Stewart, I was only feeling their
shape, I haven't even started to punish them yet. Now you keep perfectly still
and I will use these panties to hurt them".

Stewart hated this cat and mouse game and the mock sympathy that females such as
this displayed to their poor victims. He dare not comment and could merely brace
himself and await her slap.

It came from behind, brutally slapping the scrotum and it's contents out of the
way to give the underside of the deflating penis a sharp slap. It hurt...and
Stewart fought to remain obediently in position, imagining how these wardresses
at a male establishment would punish him for any offence concerned with his
testes.

The cramping pains were still increasing when the second slap was given. Stewart
was saved by an almost numbness that helped to alleviate the cramps. He managed
to remain bent over, and Miss Debbie stood up behind him. Just then, Miss
Saraswat also returned from the bathroom.

"You may stand prisoner!" She snapped. "Your session for this evening is now
over and you are to return to your dormitory. Replace your training strip."

Stewart hastily donned the thin shirt and shorts and left before either of them
changed their mind. He was still in pain from the heavy beating across his
buttocks and his testicles ached as he walked. When he reached the room, he was
soon joined by the rest of the squad. All could be seen to have had a rough time
with their lady trainers, some rougher than others, but the presence of security
cameras and presumably microphones inhibited any discussions. There was no time
for food or even a soothing shower as the speaker soon barked out the orders to
get into bed. As the males removed their thin clothing, they could not miss
seeing the weals and bruises that each carried on their bodies. It came as no
surprise to Stewart when he later leaned that it was the Dentist and her
assistant who had been the most cruel of all the staff and also had the most
bizarre requirements.

As they climbed between the coarse blankets, nearly all of them elected to lay
face down to relieve the pressure on their weals. Even so, the rough material
chafed their bruised buttocks with every movement. No one had been granted any
sexual relief so they all found that their penis's were still hard and likely to
remain so. The odd male even risked detection by the night cameras and held it
to gain some form of comfort. Slowly tiredness overcame discomfort and one by
one they slipped into sleep with far from pleasant dreams about what would
befall them in the morning.

A sudden CRASH broke the silence as the door was unlocked and flung open. A
second later the bright lights were turned on and a female voice was heard
ordering them to attention at the foot of their beds. As they stood rigidly at
the designated position, blinking in the light, they all focussed their eyes on
their visitor. It was the young School Secretary, Miss Alton, standing there in
just a short housecoat. Under her left arm was the leather bound Punishment
Book, and in her right hand one of the school canes. She stood in the centre of
the beds, smiled broadly, and spoke:

"A little unfinished business before you turn in for the night...Boys!"

To be continued.









Miss Alton. Tall long fair hair.




Chapter 46

Each of the inmates stood rigidly at attention, racking his befuddled brain
trying to work out what had justified this late-night visit from Miss Alton. She
deposited the punishment register on a table by the door, removed her housecoat
and, clutching her cane behind her in both hands, processed between the rows of
beds as if on a military inspection. She wore what seemed to be the top half of
a pair of male silk pyjamas. They left her long legs exposed almost to her
crotch. Several of the top buttons were undone and the front was loose and ill
fitting. Her long fair hair now hung freely down to her waist and shimmered with
good health under the bright lights. She had obviously gone to some trouble to
ensure that her appearance would not go unnoticed in male company.

"My, my, we are displaying a fine collection of "stiffies" this evening" she
said opening the door at the far end of the room to the night air. "Which is why
several of you got into trouble earlier today. I think that before I deal with
that problem, you should all take a brisk run round the parade ground. It is
quite cold and wet out there so you should soon be a little more alert. Out you
go, I want four laps and then back in here...at the DOUBLE!"

Without hesitation, the squad hurried out into the freezing wet night without
even trainers on their feet. The cold drizzle soon chilled their naked bodies as
they reached the parade ground and jogged round the edges at a fast trot. Their
erections nodded embarrassingly in front of them and two policewomen, out on
patrol with their alsation dogs, laughed heartily each time the prisoners passed
but fortunately restrained their barking and snarling hounds. After a few
minutes the squad ran back into their barrack room and took up their previous
positions at the foot of their beds, breathless, dripping wet and shivering.

Again Miss Alton walked up and down the line looking them over and smiling at
their now drooping organs. She moved to the head of the room, turned and spoke:

"You may remember that the Headmistress awarded you extra strokes for failing to
address her correctly. You may not realise that award is classed as a group
punishment and so each of you will now have to accept that punishment.
Unfortunately the Head has only just remembered about it so she has given me
special permission to lay on three stingers to each of you. I see that you have
all received some punishment recently, but under the school rules that cannot be
used as an excuse for me to go easy on you. It will however ensure that my
efforts are that much more effective. I sincerely hope that none of you will
raise any objections to being caned by an eighteen year old female?"

An audible and subdued  "No Miss" went round the room.

Naturally, every male had forgotten about the extras, or had assumed that they
were included in the headmistress's nine strokes. Now they were simply going to
have to let this young girl thrash their bruised and throbbing backsides as she
wished, and all without complaint.

Miss Alton transferred the cane to her right hand and walked around the room,
standing in front of each male. She lifted each organ with the tip of the
flexing rattan and leant forward so that the prisoner could not help looking
down the front of her pyjamas. Her breasts were pert and had the firmness of
youth. Several males had a brief glance of her large swollen nipples that seemed
enormous to their darting eyes. Inevitably, the penis of each prisoner reacted
and became hard as she toyed with the tip before moving to the next. She
concluded by actually grasping the penis of the forty something man that she had
earlier held during his caning, and lightly rubbed her hand up and down the
shaft as she looked into his frightened eyes.

She stood back and glanced up and down the lines. "Mmmm, so we have three
circumcised and the rest covered. Well boys, in the interests of uniformity, we
will have you all skinned".

To their amazement, she went around the room, grasped each covered penis and
snatched the foreskin clear of the swollen head leaving the sensitive glans
shiny and exposed. If proof were needed that she simply regarded them all as her
playthings, this was surely it.

Time seemed to drag as she carefully made an entry in the book, then perched
herself on the front edge of the desk, telling them to sit on the floor around
her with their legs well parted. As the sat on their sore backsides she lifted
one foot up on the table leaving the other hanging over the edge and revealing a
minute light blue thong that barely covered her swollen pudenda. The prisoners
did not need to consult a psychologist before realising that this young minx was
an exhibitionist. She clearly took delight in prancing about, nearly naked, in
front of captive males. The only question in their minds was whether she would
then use their obvious interest as an excuse to hurt them even more. They soon
had their answer as she glanced around at their rampant organs.

"You really seem to have little control over those things between your legs,"
she snorted in disgust " By rights I should send for one of those kind
policewomen to deal with the problem or simply put you on report to the
Governor. Either way you would then receive a thrashing that you deserve.
However, a kind young girl like myself would hate to see you all have to take a
dozen with the heavy cane, especially over the bruises that you already have. On
the other hand, I simply cannot ignore it. Can I take it that you will all be
happy to accept another, say... two strokes...no better make it three to be on
the safe side, for me to forget that you lost control?"

A murmured gasp went round the floored males followed by a resigned... "Yes
Miss". She slid from the table, picked up the cane and flexing it remarked:

"I intend that you will be feeling this so I will lay on only one stroke....at a
time".

She carefully positioned a hard chair at the head of the room with the seat
facing away from the males. She then ordered them into a line with No1 at the
head but standing so that they could all see what was happening. The rules were
explained. On the command "next", the male was to march forward, bend over the
chair back with legs apart and place his hands palm down on the seat. Following
the stroke he would remain down and call the number of the stroke. On the
command "next" he would move to the rear of the room until next time. There was
to be no rubbing or scratching the new weal.

Miss Alton was full of surprises. She slipped off the jacket and stood naked
apart from her thong and high heeled shoes. Her figure was exquisite, and in the
opinion of more than one of her victims almost worth taking a thrashing to see.
Her large breasts were more than firm with swollen pale pink aerolea set on a
slim slightly tanned body. A flat stomach led down to her thong with her fair
pubic hair protruding above and around it. Her buttocks, the only unmarked pair
in the room were perfect little buns supported by firmly muscled long legs. Like
ogling schoolboys, the prisoners awaited her orders with a mixture of fear and
devotion. The next order came as another surprise.

"It must be some time since you last urinated, and I don't want any accidents as
I cane you," she pointed to Stewart. "You boy, fetch a bucket of some sort and a
pair of gloves and place them on this chair". Stewart knew from his previous
experiences exactly what Miss Alton required, he found them in the latrines and
quickly returned to the waiting girl. The large galvanised bucket was placed on
the chair and she ceremoniously donned the heavy red cleaning gloves calling the
first male forward.

It was unbelievable to all but Stewart, but the girl was actually going to make
them empty their bladders in front of her. Even more surprising was when she
ordered the first male to the bucket, was how she stood close at his side with
her breasts touching his left arm. She then placed her right gloved hand on his
buttocks, gripped his penis with her left hand and bent it down to point...into
the bucket. The young male wondered if he should try to explain how difficult it
was to urinate with an erection but thought better of it.

Miss Alton whispered words of encouragement in his ear whilst firmly squeezing
the shaft. After a wasted minute or so she announced in a louder voice that she
could always use the cane to encourage the flow and turning to the others
stating that she would add lay on a couple of strokes to any male who caused a
delay.

The prisoner made the extra effort and a thin jet was soon spurting hitting the
inner side of the bucket with a loud sound. As it tailed off, Miss Alton shook
the penis hard until it hit the bucket rim, then, satisfied, released it and
called for the next male in line. One by one, spurred on by the thought of even
more cane strokes, they emptied into the bucket under the young secretary's
close supervision. It was over half full when she nodded in Stewart's direction
for him to place it on the floor.

She picked up the cane, bent it through almost ninety degrees, gave it a few
practice swishes through the air and announced that the punishment would now
commence. The prisoners stood in line and waited. The first one was called
forward was the boy who had problems releasing his urine, now he looked even
more apprehensive as he leant over the chair and gripped the edges of the seat.
Even that movement caused the skin, tightened by the beating, to be stretched
over his buttocks. He gritted his teeth and waited.

All the other eyes in the room were centred on Miss Alton as she raised her slim
arm up high, bent it slightly, then brought it swishing down to lash the cane
across the target.

"One, thank you Miss Alton." Came the required response.

"Next" she called out, and the male at the front of the line marched smartly
forward to take up his position.

Again a firmly delivered stroke that had the male the recipient gasp.

One after the other the squad members presented themselves, absorbed the cane
and returned to the end of the line. Miss Alton's system was simple, most of
them were inexperienced and would have had problems in accepting six lashes
across their tightened wealed backsides, but just one stroke at a time was just
about acceptable to them. She refrained from laying the cane on the same spot
each time and elected to aim for one of the  bruises or ridges that already
marked their rears.

One of the younger males had great difficulty in remaining in position for his
fifth stroke. Each time Miss Alton raised her cane he instinctively brought his
hands round to protect himself. It was only following a formal warning that,
just once more, and he would earn an extra couple of strokes for everyone that
he managed to control himself and take the vicious stinger that she inflicted.
The audible groan that went round the room as they heard the possibility of
having the "group" increased even more no doubt played its part. Even Stewart,
hardened as he was, had difficulty in holding position as he took his strokes.

Eventually it was over and she had them all standing facing the foot of their
beds and bent at ninety degrees from their waists, gripping the rail. She paced
up and down and eventually settled on the young male Stevens, who had nearly
refused to accept her caning. With a quick slap across his upthrust buttocks and
a curt "Follow me, the rest of you are to remain in position" she marched him
out of the room. It was to be a full ten minutes of back aching misery with the
skin on their buttocks tightening by the minute, until they returned.

The squad learned later that Miss Alton had missed out on the evening's earlier
entertainment and had simply took advantage of Stevens, requiring him to give
her the service that she required. There was no finesse involved, she simply
took him into the latrines, slipped down her thong and sat on the first
convenient toilet with her legs high and wide so that by kneeling on the
concrete floor he could access her crotch with his tongue and rapidly bring her
to a climax.

Stevens was then ordered to stand at the foot of his bed, as were the other
prisoners. Miss Alton, now dressed, as she was when she entered the room, bade
them goodnight and strutted out of the room leaving them to drag their sore and
aching bodies between the coarse blankets in the hope of sleeping for whatever
remained of the night.



Dawn was just on the horizon when the door opened with a crash and in came one
of the centre policewomen. She banged the metal rails at the foot of their beds
with her baton and ordered them to stand for inspection. Within seconds they
stood at attention, with most of them displaying a firm erection. She tapped
each one, none too gently with her staff as she moved between the lines,
grinning at their embarrassment.

"I want you lot out of the lavatories, shaved, showered, dressed and outside in
twenty minutes." She snapped. The cubicles had no doors and as each prisoner
completed his evacuations she strode up and down staring at them during their
intimate acts. In the showers they received no more privacy and were soon
outside in their skimpy shorts  vests and trainers being marched down to the
canteen for breakfast.

Breakfast was remarkably good and the squad soon found themselves outside again
in the dawn light. The centre wardress told them that they would be continuing
their education later in the morning, but for now they were all due a session in
what she called the "Relief room". It was with puzzled expressions that she
jogged the thirteen males down the many roads and lanes to a long temporary
building next to the medical centre. She left them there in the care of another
wardress who paraded them outside so that she could address them.

Miss Novell started by introducing herself. She was in her early twenties, of
average height and a little overweight. Her long dark hair was fastened in a
regulation bun that partially sat under her hat and her plain face was covered
in freckles. She explained that at regular intervals the male prisoners were
brought to her rooms for the purpose of being sexually relieved as it was felt
to be bad for their health, not to mention self-control, if they were allowed to
go too long without release. It was her job to make that release as clinical and
as thorough as possible. They were there for relief and not enjoyment.

With that she marched them into what seemed to be a small cinema with a
projection TV screen on the far wall. They were told to sit in the hard seats
facing the screen, the lights dimmed and the video player was switched on. The
captions and references that came on the screen alerted Stewart if not the
others, to the fact that it was another of the training videos from the Female
Correctional system. It seemed to be one that was shown to limited members of
the public to either inform them about the regime or possibly act as a deterrent
to them falling foul of the system. The buildings that could be seen were
clearly of a different centre to the one that Stewart had been held in and the
video was of wardresses and females that he had never met.

It started by showing the new arrivals going through their initial reception. It
soon became obvious why it was being shown to them. Next to an overtly
pornographic tape they could not have seen more of the female prisoners. The
whole group were soon stripped of their civilian clothes and seen taking power
showers under the supervision of the staff. The camera then followed them into
the medical examinations where the bright lights and zoom lens left the nervous
females with no secrets as their orifices were searched and their bodies
clinically examined by both male and female nurses.

The scene changed to one where the females were paraded in their school uniforms
in a punishment room where the type of punishment that prisoners could expect
was demonstrated. Each subject had to position herself as directed for either a
dose of the hand, strap or paddle on either her buttocks thighs or inner thighs.

More formal punishments were shown with one naked, well-built prisoner receiving
a hard 15-stroke application of the cane. Later clips from the breast punishment
video that Stewart had seen earlier were on the screen. Suddenly the video was
stopped, the lights came on and the males were ordered to their feet.

The video had obviously achieved the require effect and every male had a
disgustingly erect penis poking out of his shorts as they were moved into the
adjacent room. Waiting for them were three middle-aged females dressed in street
clothes of jeans and shirts but with large red rubber aprons covering their
fronts that almost touched the floor. Their hands were encased in heavy rubber
gloves.

Miss Novell explained that these ladies were not staff members but volunteers
from the local community who regularly gave of their free time as "milk-maids"
to help in this room. From time to time a prisoner who lived locally had
recognised a lady that he knew socially or perhaps had met in the course of his
everyday life. This was one of the many penalties that he would have to pay for
being in conflict with the law, and any embarrassment would be entirely one
sided. They were to be addressed as "Madam" and follow their instructions to the
letter. She pointed out that each of them had the handle of some implement
sticking out of a top pocket in their aprons and hoped that they would not need
to demonstrate what they were for. The wardress then divided the males into
three groups of four and one of five, each group being told to follow one of the
ladies. Stewart found himself with three other males in a large well lit but
windowless room. The walls and floor were finished in white ceramic tiles and a
wooden horse type frame stood along one wall. The lady ordered them to kneel in
front of her and she perched herself on a tall stool looking down at them. She
was in her late forties, tall slim and business-like with greying hair tied in a
bun behind her head. She was far from pretty but had a handsome well defined
face.

"Good morning boys," she started smiling down at them. " My name is Mrs Pollard
and I have been appointed as your milker for this session: it will be my job to
ensure that you are fully drained before you leave. I intend that you will
undergo at least three ejaculations or extractions and whilst you are in here
you will be required to follow my every instruction. I can, and will correct any
lax behaviour that you might demonstrate. I will emphasise that you are here to
be drained and not to receive any unnecessary pleasure over and above the
minimum that is required for the job in hand. You will all stand, strip and I
will then inspect your genitalia".

The four leapt to their feet and quickly removed their trainers shorts and
shirt. Then they stood naked, side by side. They were called forward one at a
time to stand on a raised box with their feet wide apart and hands on their
head. The height of the box had been adjusted so that the crotch of the prisoner
was at a convenient level for the lady's hands and eyes. She gave one brief
warning to the room in general that she would require the subject to remain
still during the inspection.

The four examinations were identical.Firstly, she gripped the shaft of the
prisoner's penis with her left gloved hand and then, with the fingers of her
other hand, quickly forced the covering over his glans to the rear. She then
twisted the skinned organ in every direction to check it for cleanliness. She
paid particular attention to the ridge where the glans joined each shaft pulling
it harshly away from its natural position to check for any deposits. She then
transferred her attentions to the scrotum pulling it clear of the crotch as she
checked the cleanliness of the area. Finally she moved to the rear of the
displayed inmate, pulled his heavily marked bottom-cheeks apart and checked his
anus. Unlike many genital inspections, she did not take every opportunity to
cause as much discomfort as possible. This was merely a businesslike hygiene
check and nothing more. Any embarrassment that the recipient felt was purely
unintended. The males watched each other with feigned indifference but a secret
interest in observing how the others were formed, and of course, the respective
organ sizes. She asked each of them the same questions: left or right handed,
how long since their last ejaculation, how that was achieved and so on.

"I'm pleased to see that you are all reasonable clean, at least for the moment.
We will now proceed to your first procedure. You will all kneel upright facing
the far wall, two feet apart, knees wide and about a metre from the tiles. Place
your hands on your heads until told otherwise".

The males were quickly in position. She picked up a black plastic bottle with a
squeeze nozzle and, moving between the men and the tiles ordered them to hold
out their left hands into which she poured a generous helping of some form of
clear liquid.

"I have decided that since you are all right-handed, you will use your left
hands to stimulate yourselves. On the command "pump" you will all grasp your
organs with your left hand and commence rhythmic pumping so that you complete
one pump from the tip to the base and back again every second. You will hear a
metronome behind you and you will keep in time. On the command "stop" you will
immediately cease activity and place both hands on your head. You will under no
circumstances ejaculate until I give permission. I will now start the
metronome".

The silence was broken by the insistent "clock-clock-clock".

"Pump!"

Four hands flew down to their rampant organs and started to pump backwards and
forwards with the oil dripping beneath them. Stewart felt incredibly humiliated
in having to carry out the act in public, and in front of other males, but knew
better than to object in any way. In truth, all four males pumped with more
enthusiasm than was actually called for in the hope of achieving the release of
an orgasm.

After only a minute Mrs Pollard shouted "Stop". All but one male obeyed but a
young fair-haired youth continued seemingly oblivious to the command. A hard
slap across his face brought him to his senses and he found himself looking up
at the lady milker.

"I had hoped that we could get through this session without the need for any
corrections," she started. " The state of your backsides should have convinced
me that you were a disobedient lot without that little display. Unfortunately,
my powers of punishment are limited to the use of this little slapper." She
continued as she produced the device from her pocket. It had an eighteen-inch
flexible handle at the end of which was a square of rubber four inches wide and
three inches deep. To Stewart it looked an almost gentle form of discipline
rather like a small paddle. Mrs Pollard soon proved otherwise.

" I'm afraid that this will hurt, but I hope that it will do you some good boy,"
she muttered as she leant down next to the offender, lifted his penis clear of
his body with her left hand and then firmly slapped his dangling testes with the
device. It struck home with an audible "Thuck" that left the victim groaning and
doubled up.

"I would much prefer to take a cane to your backsides, but as this is the only
approved instrument for me to use on you louts, you may rest assured that I will
make it hurt. Now, just one more slap and then we can continue."

She leant over the shaking youth, waited until he had assumed the upright
kneeling position with hands on head, lifted the limp penis clear and gave him a
second slap across the swinging organs.

Stewart knew only too well how the second blow in that area always seemed to be
far worse. The whole body knew what was coming and braced for the impact, but it
always hurt. Certainly the male reacted by doubling up until his forehead
touched the tiled floor and lay there whimpering to himself until the order came
to commence pumping again. Somehow he managed to kneel erect and start work
again on the flaccid penis and soon he was back in rhythm with the others. This
time there was no order to stop but instead they were told to continue to an
ejaculation. The metronome was silenced, she told them to concentrate on the
video that they had just seen and ordered them to release as she counted down.

As she counted down from ten, the four pumped furiously faster concentrating on
the mental pictures but fighting to keep themselves in check. Stewart was dimly
aware that the male next to him spurted at the count of five but just managed to
hold on until the word "now!" before he released in a wave of tension and
pleasure.

They were allowed a few minutes to reflect on their humiliation before being
ordered back into the video room where they were told to take a seat. The screen
was soon filled with a tape of the female prisoners undergoing physical
training. They were dressed in the vest, short skirt and trainers. It soon
became apparent that the cameraman was a male from the low shots that revealed
their small panties and then closed in the  chests of the larger girls to catch
the movements of their unsupported breasts.  From time to time, one of the
twenty or so prisoners would be called forward, ordered to bend, and be given
three of the strap for slacking. From the amount of exercises that included
being bent over or lying down with legs spread it was fairly obvious that the
tape had been made especially for the purpose of exciting males. The final five
minutes consisted of more exercise for the sweating females, but with their thin
vests removed so that the full effects of a female being exercised without
breast support could be appreciated.

The camera concentrated mainly on a tall dark haired girl with huge swinging
breasts. The expression on her face conveyed the discomfort and pain that the
flopping boobs were causing her, but she still worked hard and followed the
orders of the young instructor. The video did its work and as they were led back
into Mrs Pollard's room, all were fully erect again.

She greeted them by ordering the first male through the door to mount the stand
and take up the present position. She gave no explanation of what was to happen.
She simply stood to his side with his organ level with her shoulders, roughly
pushed his foreskin back and dipping her fingers into a small box, dropped some
form of sand over the exposed organ. She then poured a liberal amount of fluid
over the member and, steadying herself by placing her left hand on his buttocks,
commenced a rhythmic pumping with her rubber gloved right hand. The look of
anguish on the victim's face informed the others just how painful the irritant
sand was. Clearly, this was her way of reducing any pleasurable effects to the
minimum.

It was the younger male, the second to the block, who seemed to find the
experience rather humiliating as well as painful. He stood, blushing to his very
roots as the hand did its work. Later, all of them agreed that unlike most
females, this lady really knew how to masturbate a male: a steady rhythm coupled
with just the right grip as the slippery glove passed backwards and forwards
over the exposed glans. Finally, just before the spurt, she firmly cupped the
scrotum and increased the rate of movement confirming that she was in total
charge of his body, even though the pleasures of the orgasm were upon him.

The only rest they were allowed before the next extraction was that they would
be dealt with in the same sequence as the hand relief. Mrs Pollard was joined by
a much younger lady with a slim body and her hair in a long pigtail. She wore
the same rubber apron but had just a thin pair of latex gloves on her long thin
feminine hands.

"The final extraction of sperm will be carried out by Miss Kemble here. It will
be by prostate massage and will confer little or no pleasure. She will simply
milk you until we are both satisfied that you are effectively "dry".

A stool was produced with a square flat leather covered seat. The seat itself
was removed leaving a square opening. The first male was told to lay over the
stool with his genitals hanging down through the hole. Mrs Pollard picked up a
transparent plastic open neck bottle with graduations down the side and squatted
down by the stool. She slid the opening over the dangling flaccid penis and
roughly taped it round the top to just behind the glans.

Miss Kemble applied a large dab of some cream from a tube to the fingers of her
right hand and stood leaning over the upturned buttocks. With her left hand she
parted his cheeks and without a word of explanation, let alone comfort, she
jabbed her index finger into his anal ring...and milked.

Stewart was soon over the frame himself with the sample bottle taped in place.
Even though he was expecting the penetrative fingers they came as a painful
shock. Unlike his previous mechanical milking this was a brusque callous
procedure that the young milker intended to be as brief as possible. Applying
firm pressure to the prostate and it sides he was soon producing results into
the waiting jar. Despite Mrs Pollard's confirmation of the result the younger
female continued to press and rub in a decidedly uncomfortable action that had
Stewart's sphincter grip her fingers in protest.

Eventually she was satisfied that he had been adequately drained and withdrew
with an audible plop. Stewart was ordered to his feet and replaced over the
frame by the next supplier. Mrs Pollard removed the tape and bottle, replaced
the screw top and returned to monitor his replacement.

In no time the four were finished with and dismissed to the showers after which
they slipped on the skimpy vest and shorts. They were then escorted to the next
lecture of the day as they resumed the routine in the education block.

The teacher who took their time up until the lunch break was on loan from one of
the local comprehensives. She was in her mid-forties and took them all through a
basic revision of maths. She made a point of telling them that she felt the
punitive methods used at the centre to be counter-productive to learning and by
her superb teaching skills, soon had the thickest of the class performing well.
The whole class was relaxed as they marched to the canteen in the belief that
their conditions were improving. For once they were not rushed and all enjoyed
the leisurely meal before being told to form their squad outside the canteen.
They were joined by the other new intake including a worried looking Gilpin who
had presumably just been through the equivalent of the milking session with her
squad. She just managed to exchange glances with Stewart as they passed each
other. As they formed into a squad they soon realised that their period of
comfort and relaxation was over. Standing in front of them was a wardress
dressed in a tracksuit and trainers; they were about to experience a period of
physical training in the harsh hands of Miss Stanley.

Jane Stanley appeared to her many friends and acquaintances as an average young
girl, straight out of one of the colleges that specialised in sports training.
She was around 5 foot 5 inches tall, slim, and clearly extremely fit. Her long
fair hair was swept back from a pleasing feminine face and restricted by a
device that let it hang down behind her head in a ponytail. She wore no make-up
but her face radiated good health. Even white teeth were set in a rather
thin-lipped mouth, which was possibly the only clue as to her true nature.

She had graduated with a good degree and then, joining the Service, went on to a
further training course at the Training Centre for Correctional staff in what
was euphemistically called "Prisoner Physical Rehabilitation". She was at home
with both the training of male and female prisoners and specialised in what she
admitted to her closest colleagues as "Forced PT". The squad viewed her with
some trepidation but they had the possible advantage of being new. The downright
fear that she engendered in the other inmates had yet to be learned. Miss
Stanley was a person who could be relied upon to force the very best out of each
prisoner. She stood, with her hands behind her back and addressed them.

"Good afternoon. I am the PT Instructress at this centre and I will be taking
your for your first period of training. I am well aware of the procedures that
you have just been through and will tolerate no lack of effort because you have
been drained. I am also aware that you have all been recently beaten for one
thing or another and are feeling both sore and stiff. I am however aware that
you have all been medically examined and that there is no possibility of me
exercising you to the point of permanent injury. In other words, once I start
your training I will accept no excuses for stiffness, slacking or exhaustion.
You will carry out the exercises that I order until I say you can stop and there
will be no special consideration for you girl"; she nodded in the direction of
Gilpin. Are there any questions?"

A few muttered "No Miss's were heard".

They started easily enough with a brisk jog down a cinder path towards an area
near the main gate. The cinder track went all the way around a large flat
expanse of grass that ran up to the tall wire fence that surrounded the centre.
There were already a few females of varying ages lounging around on the other
side expecting that the local spectator sport was about to commence. They
watched with amused grins as the shaven headed squad trotted round the track led
by Miss Stanley. Their amusement changed to incredulity when they realised that
one of the "males" appeared to be carrying an awful lot of weight around his
chest and it slowly sank in that there was a female in the squad.

The initial exercises were designed to simply warm them up but due to their lack
of fitness, they were soon breaking sweat. Running on the spot, jumping with
arms and feet astride and all the usual exercises were commanded by Miss
Stanley, sometimes by the use of her whistle that hung round her neck on a
lanyard. Then came the stretching movements. Males who had not tried to touch
their toes for years bent with legs together forcing their outstretched
fingertips down towards their toes. Stewart was just behind Gilpin who found all
the moves easy thanks to her supple body. Others were not so fit or fortunate
and one by one they were told to form a separate line to the side of the main
squad.

More jogging was then ordered.  The two squads trotted round the perimeter of
the field with Miss Stanley standing in the middle calling alternately for
faster or slower paces. Eventually she called them into the two groups and
watched them, perspiration soaking their clothes and gasping for breath.

"Fat, slow and generally unfit!" she snorted. "And to make things worse some of
you," nodding towards the smaller squad, seem to think that no effort is
required. I will give you one last chance to put some effort into your exercise.
You will all run twice round that tree and back here,  and heaven help the last
six to reach me!"

She indicated towards a large oak that stood at least five hundred metres away
up a steep slope. A sharp blast on her whistle and they were off at a brisk pace
with Stewart well in the lead. Gilpin, breasts bouncing under her vest, was
close behind but when they had rounded the tree and were on the home run back to
the security fencing, several of the group were still making their gasping and
sweaty way up the slope. At least three or four had to stop whilst they threw up
the contents of their stomachs. The last eight were made to form the "slackers"
group and it was an interesting comment on Miss Stanley's original assessment
that it contained all but one of the males that she had already picked out.

The crowd of curious females on the other side of the fence had grown to around
a dozen. Some were accompanied by excited dogs and the rest were just there in
the hope of seeing some of the male prisoners at close hand. The daily sessions
by Miss Stanley were obviously a local attraction, and the patience of the
watchers was about to be rewarded.

The instructor slipped of her tracksuit to reveal a tight white blouse and short
navy-blue pleated skirt. The outline of a sports-bra could be seen through the
blouse material, even though the girl's small breasts, unlike Gilpin's, could
hardly present a movement problem to her. She spoke to them.

"We are certainly finding out who the idle fat bastards are, and consequently
those that I need to concentrate on the most. We will start by cooling you down
a little. Strip off those vests and pants, you can continue the session naked".

With nervous glances towards the tittering spectators the men quickly slipped of
their thin protection. The temperature suddenly felt several degrees colder as
their body sweat rapidly evaporated in the light wind. The embarrassment of
exposure soon caused three of them to start erecting but fortunately Miss
Stanley chose to ignore their reaction, leaving the comments and pointing to her
audience. She slipped the whistle from around her neck, stood in front of the
shivering naked group and spoke.

" Time for a little encouragement. I assure you that you will attain a high
standard of fitness but it may take a little time. I will not tolerate slacking
at any time and I will now demonstrate two of the many ways that I will employ
to encourage hard work".

She went back to the trousers of her tracksuit, removed a right hand glove and
slipped the thin black leather on her hand. She then ordered them into a line
standing side by side with feet spread wide. She walked over to the first in
line, reached down to his genitals and without hesitation cupped the scrotum in
her gloved hand...and squeezed until the male's legs buckled. She slowly moved
down the line repeating the assault until all eight were doubled up and fighting
the pain. Then she ordered them all to kneel on the damp grass close to the
fence but facing inwards. They were then told to place their knees wide and bend
until their foreheads touched the grass.  Even some of the local ladies found
this spread position embarrassing and turned away.

The other group watched as she ran the lanyard that held her whistle through her
left hand. On closer inspection it was a two foot six inch loop of knotted
leather thong. Slowly she stood, feet wide apart, over the shoulders of the
first male in line facing his splayed feet. Leaning over she raised her
improvised whip over her shoulders and brought it whistling down into the valley
between the buttocks. It struck home with a loud crack that was followed by a
yelp from her young victim. She gave him five more until she had his backside
twisting in a futile attempt to land the leather on a less sensitive area than
the anal cleft.

The next seven received the lash in the same way. Some took it well, two earned
extras by kicking backwards with their feet in an attempt to close their
buttocks and protect their anal area. Miss Stanley ensured that the extra three
strokes went a little lower than the others so that the offenders were left
clutching their scrotums which had been caught by the flying end of the lanyard.
She concluded by picking up one of the discarded vests and using it to wipe her
lanyard free of male sweat before replacing it round her neck. The young woman
continued putting them all through their paces until a limping, stiff and sore
group ran back to the changing rooms and a hot shower.

They were soon all back in their temporary uniforms, marching to the next lesson 
with Stewart  wondering just how long his stay at this new hell hole would be.




Chapter 47.

The basic arithmetic lesson continued for what seemed to be ages. The teacher,
Mrs Goodman, was in her mid forties dowdy and overweight. She insisted on total
concentration and absolute accuracy in solving the simple but lengthy sums that
she set on the blackboard. Each prisoner had to write both his answers and
working on a sheet of plain paper and then queue in line like a schoolboy to
have them checked. Up to three errors were permitted and any more resulted in
the offender forming a separate line. When all the papers were marked this line
was then dealt with.

As usual, Mrs Goodman was allowed to use her discretion on how classroom
discipline should be maintained. She favoured the use of small leather paddle
and Stewart, first in line was the first to receive it. She sat in a high-backed
chair and ordered him to lie over her ample skirted lap so that his face was
inches from the chalk-dusty floor. Holding his neck well down with her left
hand, she then proceeded to pull the flimsy bottoms of his shorts well up and
applied three hard whacks to the backs of each bare thigh. The paddle was small
but thick and with the weight of the woman behind it, impacted with some force
on the tight muscle forcing his bunched up genitalia against her heavy tweed
skirt. Three slaps landed on the same spot on each leg creating serious pain
even to the experienced male. As he stood upright he began to appreciate that
several such applications during the lesson would be a considerable incentive to
work accurately.

The second victim was being beaten when the classroom door opened and one of the
centre policewomen entered. Making the usual apologies to the teacher she
announced that Stewart was on report to the Human Resources Officer and that she
was to escort him there immediately. His thighs were still searing from the
paddle and Stewart had a hard time taking in the new instructions. Prisoners
simply never got to meet the prison administrators other than on the most
serious of occasions. The usual panic rose in his throat as he realised that
such visits usually resulted in the harsher levels of punishment even though he
could think of no offence that he had committed. He almost smiled at his thought
process! Surely by now he should be able to accept that there didn't have to be
a reason for anything that these bitches did to their charges, if one of them
felt like belting a prisoner she would go right ahead until her frustrations
could be worked out of her system. The relatively simple job of finding an
excuse was hardly a problem.

The policewoman set a cracking pace as Stewart fell in behind her. They were
soon at the administrative building and outside a door marked Human Resources. 
Another moment of panic set in as he remembered how he had in his previous job,
taken every opportunity of undermining the lady who filled that position in his
firm, regarding her as a glorified typist with delusions and far too much power.
Could it be...would the person behind the door know about his past remarks? The
policewoman knocked firmly on the door and went in to announce his arrival.

Stewart soon found himself left in the charge of a secretary who surveyed him
from behind her desk with clear disapproval. She was in her mid thirties with
hair pulled back in a bun and small rimless glasses perched on her nose. She was
neither pretty nor particularly ugly but obviously someone who knew how to
handle male prisoners. Her eyes scanned the flat screen monitor and then,
peering over the top of her spectacles, met his.

"Your new aren't you?" she enquired and Stewart agreed.

"Then read these instructions on how Miss Armstrong requires that you behave in
her office." She handed him a sheet of foolscap paper in a plastic laminate.
They were certainly detailed and informed him that he had to be completely
stripped, how he was to enter the room and what to do at every stage of the
interview. The sheet was clearly designed to contain as many petty rules as
possible so that she would have as many opportunities as possible to complain
about his behaviour. He only had time to read them once before they were
snatched from him.

"Well, Stewart, what are you waiting for? Get naked and leave your rags on that
side table!"

He quickly slipped of his vest and shorts, placed the trainers under the table
and stood to attention trying to remember enough of the briefing sheet to avoid
bringing more trouble down on his shaven head. The secretary opened the
adjoining door, spoke briefly to the occupant of the next room and announced:

"Stewart...quick march!"

Following the instructions he marched smartly into the larger well-lit room and
came to a halt marking time with his bare feet on the thick carpet in front of a
large polished desk. He kept his eyes to the front and made sure that his knees
were pumping at nearly waist level with his deflated member swinging freely. A
voice behind him ordered him to stop.

A young female, probably aged around twenty-five came round and sat in the seat
behind the desk. Stewart was forced to rethink his original opinion that all the
staff were plain ugly. Miss Armstrong had long almost white hair tied in a bun
behind her head. She had enormous blue mischievous eyes set in a pale face with
pouting red lips surrounding perfect white teeth. She was tall, very slim with
only slight protrusions under her white blouse where her breasts were. She was
even smiling at him. On her desk lay the usual office paper work but more
ominously there was his thick personal file with his photograph on the front
cover. Next to it lay a set of what looked like the tongs that the saleswoman
had demonstrated on him some time ago. He maintained a rigid stance at
attention...and hoped.

"Well, Stewart. You seem to have made a rather bad start here at the Centre, I
expect that you were mollycoddled at the female place but will benefit from some
real discipline in the hands of the staff here. I read that you have already
required correction, turn around so that I can see the results".

He turned still at attention, but was soon ordered to spread his legs and bend
double. He could fell his scrotum hanging free and concentrated hard so that he
wouldn't add an erection to his problems. He hear Miss Armstrong stand and saw
her high heels as she moved round the desk and sat on the front, just within
arms reach of his stretched backside. He heard the scrape as she picked up what
was probably the tongs and then felt the tips tracing a line across his weals.
She carefully selected a particularly sensitive ridge on his right cheek and
gripped it between the steel prongs, squeezing until he fidgeted with his feet.

"Keep still Boy!" she snapped to the prisoner as if he was the junior in years.

The tongs were then transferred to between his spread and sore thighs and
closed, almost gently on his right testicle. She jiggled it experimentally
before transferring her grip to the left dangling bulb, gripping it all too
firmly so that he strained to keep still and gasped aloud.

"I see that you have yet to undergo one of the Centre Testicular punishments,
take it from me, they really bring a male into line quickly. Perhaps I should
write you up for one and send you down the medical centre to receive it. Believe
me Stewart, by the time you have limped back here waddling with your legs wide,
your attitude will have improved beyond all measure".

He speculated on what these bitches would hit a defenceless male's scrotum with,
and then realised that he was falling into her psychological trap and cleared
his mind to concentrate on remaining still and flaccid. The prongs were then
transferred to slide up and down between his parted buttocks with the cold tip
nuzzling his exposed anus. Between his legs he could see that she was now
sitting on the edge of her desk with her knees just parted and her tight skirt
riding up her thighs. Despite his efforts, he found his eyes drawn to the dark
gap between the legs where he could just see the flash of panty crotch.

He tried to clear his mind but by the time he was ordered to stand and face her,
his penis was already hardening. Smiling, she gripped the tip in her tongs and
shook it from side to side until its rigidity became established and then,
gripping the foreskin, forced it back up the shaft to expose him.

"My my Stewart, what a brave little boy you are. I may well have to thrash you
for this display, and, over the top of all your present weals and bruises...you
will really feel it. Did you know that I can thrash prisoners without any
reference to any other staff member?"

Stewart, feeling real fear and once again that awful acceptance of this young
lady's authority mumbled his reply, "Nnno Miss".

"Well I can. I can select one of these canes from the rack and lay it across
your buttocks until you scream...and then thrash you even more for making a
noise".

She slid off the desk and walked round to the rack of implements with her hips
wriggling. She picked a long, straight, meaty rod with a leather handgrip and
swished it experimentally in front of him.

Stewart thought that he was hardened to this level of female authority, but
found that this young girl terrified him. He knew that she had the power to make
him feel real pain, and that she would certainly use it when she had finished
playing with his emotions. He found that his entire body was shaking with fear
as he stood before her. She walked slowly and seductively back to him and slid
her slim backside back on to the desktop. She tapped the exposed glans with the
tip of the cane making it bob up and down. She then ran the tip round and under
his scrotum causing his nervous shaking to noticeably increase. She then leant
back across the desk allowing her skirt to ride up as she pressed a button on
her telephone. She had just resumed her sitting position when the door opened
and in came the secretary.

"I am about to deal with Stewart and I thought that you would like to witness
the event," Miss Armstrong smiled at the older woman.

It was Miss Armstrong who started to giggle and then laugh; the secretary soon
joined her in the joke.

"For heavens sake Dave, lighten up a bit. You take life far too seriously!"

The shaking Stewart was dumbfounded. The attitude had suddenly changed and here
was this woman calling him by his first name, a name that he had almost
forgotten about since his incarceration. Suspecting a trap, he remained silent,
but the expression on his face betrayed his thoughts to the two amused females.
Miss Armstrong took the lead and spoke.

"This was supposed to be a career interview, so you must forgive my little joke
and having you strip like one of the prisoners. You see your perseverance as a
prisoner at the female corrections place and on the work in the community has
not gone unnoticed. The lady that you worked for was so impressed with the way
you dealt with two German females, that she has used her considerable influence
to put you forward for training as a corrections officer. This doesn't mean that
you will be released but it does mean that if you pass the course, you will have
a hell of an easier time than you have so far. I'm Jenny by the way".

Stewart found himself in the incongruous position of being treated as an equal
by the two women, of shaking them both by the hand and exchanging smiles and
general chat and yet still being naked and still displaying his disciplinary
marks. The situation was resolved by "Jenny", as he now knew her, handing him a
cardboard prison storage box. In it were his clothes that he last wore when he
reported for training at the female correctional centre all those weeks ago.

He quickly dressed in the shirt, chinos and jacket noting that all the items had
been dry cleaned or washed by unseen hands. From then on the day became a blur
as he was taken to the wardresses restaurant for a late lunch and then into a
car for the drive to the Training Centre, or so he thought.

He was accompanied by one of the staff dressed now in her civilian clothes. A
thirties something slim girl with her fair hair hanging loose around her
shoulders who introduced herself as Jayne Burgess. Attractive rather than pretty
she soon had Stewart wondering whether her friendly attitude might lead to
something more physical. What she said as she skilfully manoeuvred her large car
through busy traffic soon had his mind following other paths. It seemed that she
had to carry out an assessment  on her way to the destination.

The rules had changed since his own collection and delivery by the police. It
now seemed that a prisoner would first be visited by a Corrections officer
before any transfer to a centre. They would interview, examine and assess the
male or female in their own home environment. The aim was to obtain a basic
assessment of their levels of obedience to orders and to get them used to the
idea of accepting handling and discipline from a figure of authority. It had
been found that this procedure often prevented outbursts of rebellion during the
first few hours at a centre that could easily disturb the other prisoners. It
had also been found that, by taking along one or two of the many candidates for
the job of corrections officer, these preliminary checks could also be used for
assessing the applicant's suitability for employment.

The previous day she had interviewed a male prisoner and took great delight in
telling Stewart what had happened. With her were two younger females who were
being considered for the job. The younger, just nineteen, was on holiday from
university and the other, 23 and a serving policewoman, was looking for a change
of career direction.

Their victim, as Stewart thought of him, was a forty-five year old newspaper
reporter who had foolishly written an article in the local press that was
critical of a local lady politician. He had found himself tried and sentenced to
eight months in a Correction Centre within twenty-four hours.

He was kept waiting as appears to be the norm and the three inquisitors
eventually arrived at his house at mid-day. He had followed the instructions
that he had been sent and was alone when they knocked at the door. They soon had
him stripped and seated uncomfortably on a stool, legs wide under their critical
gaze. The Wardress confessed that she was surprised how quickly the other two
novices settled into their new authority and, in a whispered conversation to
each other had taken a bet on how quickly they could embarrass the male into an
erection, just by staring at him.

The wardress sat in the centre of a sofa with one of the candidates sprawled on
either side of her. She could see out of the corners of her eyes how they
deliberately allowed their short skirts to ride up as they focussed their eyes
on the flaccid penis and scrotum before them. Despite the wretch's efforts, he
slyly glanced in their direction and his penis soon started to harden. In just
under a minute it was standing out from the pubic area; a sharp tap on the tip
from a cane did little to subdue his emotions. He started badly by saying that
he was desperately in need of a visit to the toilet so the policewoman was told
to take him there and much to his embarrassment supervised his urination.

As soon as he was returned to the room the questioning, designed to be intrusive
started.  His replies were greeted by comments either of disgust or sheer
disbelief from the two juniors. Between them they soon had the male's face red
with shame and his eyes downcast.

Stewart was told that no answers were ever taken at face value, and that he
would be required to remember the answers that lacked a ring of truth so that
they could be repeated later when the prisoner was under duress. Although he
enquired what form that duress took, he was told to be patient as the technique
would almost certainly have to be employed later today with the female and he
would see it in action.

She then went on to give but a tantalisingly brief account of the visit where
she seemed to have given the two girls a remarkably free hand to hurt, humiliate
and punish the new prisoner so that she could assess their abilities. It was
always interesting she commented, to see how quickly the candidates assumed the
role of authoritarian. The younger girl demonstrated a biting and caustic verbal
control over the much older man whereas the policewoman took a more physical
line and dished out frequent face slaps that must have left his ears ringing.
Both had managed to add to his humiliation by emphasising their sexuality;
brushing against him and allowing him sneaky glances at their thighs as they sat
in front of him. Naturally any reaction from the male required some sort of
correction and both girls seemed to thoroughly enjoy watching Miss Burgess lay a
cane across his backside.

Relieved that he had escaped that particular fate, he realised that, with luck,
she would extend the same freedom to him with the woman that they were about to
meet. With Stewart still speculating on what form of duress was used, he was
told to remove a file from her briefcase and read it.

"That is the letter that we send to the female prisoners about a week before we
interview them. It ensures that they have time to make all the arrangements
before we arrive and helps to create the right mind-set so that they don't give
us any problems during the procedures. We also send this copy of the rules and
regulations for the Correctional Centre so that they have something to memorise
and worry about. It can also be rather fun questioning them on the rules to see
if they have done their homework."

Stewart read the letter:

Female Correctional Centre. Pre-admittance interview.

You have been sentenced to a period of correction in the above facility. Prior
to your collection and delivery to the centre, you will be visited in your home
by a Corrections Officer for the purpose of carrying out an initial assessment
of your level of obedience, and to determine your level of fitness and general
condition by physical examination. From time to time the officer may be
accompanied by persons of both genders undergoing assessment for employment as
Corrections Officer.

Dress:
Shirt type blouse. Loose fitting plain skirt. High heels. Underwear will be a
white brassiere (This may be of the support style), small white panties of the
thong or bikini type, stockings with or without suspender belt.


Arrangements:
The Officer and if required, the candidates for consideration of employment,
will arrive at approximately 0930hours. You may or may not be advised by
telephone of any delay. You must answer the door within five seconds of the
knock and show him/her to the interview room. This will normally be a sitting
room. There will be a comfortable armchair, in front of that will be placed a
stool. You will prepare a coffee to his/her requirements. Any time the officer
or his/her assistants enter a room or you enter a room where they are, you will
curtsy. You will address males as "Sir" and females as "Miss" at all times.

You will normally stand at attention with feet together, shoulders braced and
hands at your side. If you are told to stand at ease you will stand with your
legs slightly parted and hands clasped behind your back. If you are told to
assume the present position, you will stand with feet wide apart, hands clasped
behind your head and shoulders braced. If you are told to sit for the interview
you will position yourself on the stool with back straight, knees together and
hands on knees. If you are told to sit as ease you will open your legs at ninety
degrees and clasp your hands behind your waist.

Equipment:

You will make a pointer available for the interview.

For the examination phase, you will prepare a bedroom with the bed stripped of
everything but the bottom sheet and two pillows. The room will also contain a
hardback chair and a stool. The room will be well lit. Three glasses of water
will be available.

You will supply:  A flexible spatula. Wooden spoon. Clothes pegs. Tweezers.
Cotton wool buds. Enough dried peas to fill two cups. Stiff nailbrush.  Large
tray. Wood backed hairbrush. Elastic bands of various sizes.  Kleenex tissues.
E45 cream.

For examination by the corrections officer: your previous weeks collection of
brassieres and panties awaiting laundry.

Comments and advice:

This procedure will take between three and four hours. Most prisoners find it
extremely humiliating and uncomfortable, particularly the necessary probing and
handling of your body by both male and female officers. To test your obedience,
the officers may take advantage of your body in any way that they see fit. It is
in your own interests to obey the orders of the correctional officer and his/her
assistants without question and to satisfy his/her requirements. You will
thoroughly wash immediately prior to the examination. Female prisoners will wear
make up. You will remove any item of clothing on demand and take up any position
that is deemed necessary. Despite any embarrassment, distaste, discomfort or
pain that you feel during the examination you will do your utmost to remain in
position. An application of E45 cream is recommended to the following areas
before the interview: Breasts (including nipples), buttocks and upper thighs
(including inner thighs). .

You will by now know that a strict regime of corporal punishment is in use in
the correction centre. Should you fail to show adequate respect, fail to obey an
order or display the slightest trace of disobedience the Corrections Officer is
authorised to inflict a suitable level of punishment on any area of your body
that he/she determines appropriate. In the event of a lack of co-operation on
your part, he/she may also make a recommendation that you be formally punished
with a severe thrashing as soon as you arrive at the Centre. It will be up to
you to impress the Officer with your obedience and acceptance of his authority
to the point that he considers such an adverse report to be unnecessary.

He could immediately imagine the miserable week that the female would experience
awaiting the visit, the embarrassment of having to shop for the items and the
secret dread of what their purpose would be. Glancing at his watch he asked if a
'phone call had been made to let the prisoner know that they wouldn't be
arriving until around three in the afternoon.

"Certainly not, she is there for our convenience not we for hers!" snapped his
supervisor. "It will do her the world of good to sit there on the edge of her
seat for a few hours imagining that every sound is us arriving at her door. The
real problem that she will face is when she wants to visit the toilet, should
she go and risk not hearing the door or should she hang on a few more minutes?
Two things usually happen, either she wets herself or we arrive to find that she
has a rather full bladder which makes life even more embarrassing for her!"

Perhaps, Stewart thought, he still felt for the woman as a fellow prisoner
rather than as someone who was to be deliberately mistreated. He was making a
mental adjustment to his attitude when they pulled up outside a large block of
flats in an expensive area. Jayne swiftly took a long thin bag out of the boot
for Stewart to carry and clutching her brief case strode ahead of him towards
the lifts. With only a brief glance at her notes she pressed the button for the
fifth floor and they were soon standing outside a non-descript door.

She gently tapped the door three times and started to count quietly to herself.
On the count of four the door was opened by a frightened looking female in her
late thirties. She was tall and heavily built with long fair hair hanging down
to her shoulders. There was a moment of frozen terror and then she bobbed a low
curtsy and stood back to allow them in. With imperious strides Jayne led them
both into the hallway, turned and spoke as the door was closed.

"Good afternoon Heathcott, which is the interview room?"



Hesitatingly, the woman stammered a response and pointed towards a door. Calling
out an order for two coffees with milk and no sugar over her shoulder, Jayne led
Stewart into the large airy sitting room. She settled into the large settee and
indicated that he should sit to her left and to place his bag on the carpeted
floor alongside his seat. About five feet in front of them was a small stool
with a flat padded top. She gave his thigh a conspiratorial squeeze and spoke to
him in a whisper.

"Let me set the pace to start with, I will do my best to wind her up even more
than she is at present- before we even touch her. Pass me the longer cane out of
your bag."

The woman came into the room carrying a tray on which rested the two mugs of
coffee. Having handed them to the two officers, she placed the tray on a low
table and assumed the attention position in front of them. Stewart lay back
running his eyes over her body, from the high-heeled feet, over the pleated
skirt and blouse and up to her nervous face. She was certainly on the large size
but with the size of breasts that often could be found on larger females. She
had already seen the cane that was casually resting on Miss Burgess's lap and
listened intently as she was given her first order which was to slowly turn
around to face sideways.

Stewart's eyes were immediately driven to look at the curve of what seemed to be
a pair of very large breasts that pressed against the tight material of her
white shirt. Both nipples could be seen jutting out even though they remained,
for the time being, protected by two layers of cotton. She was then ordered to
face away from them and bend over with her legs together. Miss Burgess leant
forward and lifted the rear of the skirt upwards giving it a flick so that it
lay on the female's back. Two sturdy legs with heavy thighs were exposed and a
large firm pair of buttocks with the pair of small white panties almost
disappearing into the cleft between them. She made no comment to the woman but
simply prodded the thighs and buttocks several times with the tip of the cane
leaving small red spots.

Next she was told to sit on the stool, which she did adopting the correct
position with knees together with her hands resting on them. Stewart sensed that
the interview was about to begin.

Miss Burgess addressed her, looking directly into her wide-open eyes:

"I see from your file that you have been sentenced to six months in the
Correctional Centre for insolence to a parking warden".

Heathcott mumbled her agreement. She was still fuming about the injustice of it
all. She had read about the new legislation requiring co-operation with anyone
in authority, but had no idea that it would apply to a woman in her position.
The warden concerned had been scarcely out of his teens and had been both
officious and patronising to her when she had exceeded her parking limit by a
couple of minutes. She was not to know that he had deliberately targeted her
simply out of envy on account of her rather splendid Jaguar. The rest was easy
for him when she had sworn and called him "sonny". The police were on scene in
seconds and she found herself handcuffed before the local lady magistrate who
took but seconds to pronounce sentence.

And now this. She at last accepted that she was in deep trouble and summed up
her considerable inner strength to accept whatever was coming her way. The
problem was that given her forceful personality and her embarrassment at even
sitting in front of them, would she be able to accept their authority or would
she make things worse for herself?

She would soon find out.

Miss Burgess announced that she would be asking some rather personal questions
and that she would be expecting totally honest answers. She then told her to
part her knees to ninety degrees and clasp her hands behind her neck with her
elbows forced back. The latter action served to thrust her breasts into even
more prominence but she felt relieved that at least her skirt covered her knees
and therefore any intimate glimpses of her inner thighs. She was however aware
that the stool was low and that her parted knees were higher than the seat.

Casually, Miss Burgess leant forward and used the cane tip to flick the edge of
the skirt up over her knees and then halfway up her thighs. Stewart found his
eyes drawn to the stockinged legs and on to the white wedge of panties that
bulged over her crotch. Normally he would, like most males, have feigned
indifference and restricted himself to crafty glances when he thought that the
woman wasn't looking. He had no need for that sort of decent behaviour with a
prisoner and stared long and hard, aware of her deep blushes of embarrassment.
Then the questioning started and he was immediately aware of the way in which
she was shamelessly displayed caused her nearly as much embarrassment as the
questions themselves.

They were innocuous enough to start with but the fact that Miss Burgess took
notes caused Heathcott some concern: Age, marital status, any children? The
subject had no hesitation in informing them that she was 38, separated and with
no children. They then became personal, and eventually,... extremely personal.

Heathcott could not help registering her distaste in answering the questions
concerning her weight and measurements. Only the answer to the question
concerning her brassiere size registered with Stewart. 38 double D seemed well
worth looking at closer later in the proceedings. He didn't have to wait long as
Miss Burgess told her to undo the buttons on the shirt and then, using her cane
pointer, flicked the opened garment wide and off the shoulders to expose the
white front cups. She wore one of those expensive wire supported brassieres that
rigidly held what seemed to be large breasts with some soft flesh swelling over
the tops of the garment. Miss Burgess then moved on to other matters.

"When did you last have sexual relations with a male" she snapped. "About seven
months Miss"

"Have you ever had sexual relations with a female?"  No Miss said the woman with
increasing nervousness.

"Have you experienced oral sex with a male?"  Stewart's ears pricked up as he
heard her mutter in the affirmative.

"Give or receive?". "Both Miss".

"Have you received anal intercourse?" ...She was now crimson with embarrassment
as she said that she had not.

"And when did you last masturbate?" no reply this time, just a nervous shaking
of her head as she mutely denied the suggestion.

Seemingly indifferent to her answer Miss Burgess continued asking her about her
experience with sexual aids and other questions of that nature, all the time
making notes.

Eventually, the questioning seemed to be over and Heathcott was again back at
attention in front of them.

Miss Burgess turned to Stewart, and as if the woman was not present, and briefed
him on the next stage. She said that she was far from happy with several of the
answers and would have to determine the truth before continuing. She explained,
as if Stewart needed to be told, that a prisoner could be encouraged to give
more accurate answers if they were made to realise the helplessness of their
situation. She then ordered the woman to remove her shirt and take up the
present position.

She stood there; shaking slightly with fear and embarrassment as the two
officials ran their eyes over her upper body. Both encased breasts were thrust
forward by the position but even so, the cups containing them still sagged
slightly under their weight. Stewart was surprised how swollen and lumpy the
nipples seemed to be as they protruded beneath the white fabric and looked
forward to when he would be able to see and handle the contents of the
restrictive wired bra. He smiled to himself at the thought of putting her
through some hard exercises when she was stripped to see how they moved.

As with most females with large natural breasts, she carried a fair amount of
weight on her body and a bulge of surplus flesh ran round her waist above the
tight fitting skirt. She was then ordered to remove that item. With a last
nervous look in Stewart's direction she unclipped the skirt and stepped out of
it to place it behind her. Already showing signs of obedience she then sprang
back to the present.

Miss Burgess quickly corrected the position of her legs to a wide apart stance
with her pointer, and again they looked her over as if they were at a cattle
auction. They soon took in the heavy thighs and the alabaster white of the flesh
that lay above the stocking stops. She was heavy and softly built around her
hips and waist with the small white panties and suspender belt well dug into the
flesh that they covered. She was made to face away from them so that they could
assess her rear view. The solidity of the thighs and the size of the buttocks
received an enthusiastic comment from Miss Burgess about how much punishment
they would be able to take. Finally, when the woman was facing them, in a
chillingly soft voice, she went on to detail the next stage of the examination.

"Both Mr Stewart and I are far from satisfied with some of the answers that you
have given us. I will be asking the questions again and the longer you take to
give us what I consider to be a satisfactory answer, the longer you will be in
some discomfort. Honesty, and immediate honesty, will be the best policy
Heathcott. Unclip your stockings from your suspender belt and roll them down to
below your knees".

Heathcott leant forward allowing her large breasts to sag into the brassiere
cups and jiggle slightly as she unclipped the tops and rolled them down.

"Now bring me the tray and the dried peas that you were told to have ready".

Stewart found himself totally perplexed as to what was to happen next.

To be continued.




Chapter 48.
The woman returned carrying a tray and the plastic bag containing dried peas.
Miss Burgess took them from her, placed the tray on the ground and tipped the
peas into it with a dry rattling sound. She carefully ensured that they were
evenly spread over the surface and stood back, taking her seat on the sofa.

"Right Heathcott, time to place you under a little duress. How long it lasts
will depend on how quickly and how honestly you answer our questions. Kneel down
on those peas!"

Gingerly, the female slowly lowered herself so that she was supporting her
weight on her hands and then carefully positioned her knees on the tray. She
then took her entire weight on them. Miss Burgess corrected her position so that
she was fully upright with her hands on her head.

The discomfort showed on the females face as the questioning recommenced. Miss
Burgess asked her questions in a slow deliberate manner ensuring that Heathcott 
realised that this was going to take some time. Stewart was surprised how the
woman's obvious pain changed her attitude and ensured that each question was
answered more honestly than before. She soon admitted that the last time she had
intercourse had been just a couple of nights previously and even admitted a
fleeting relationship with another female when at college.

Stewart took over the questioning and noted how the pain from the peas was
increasing by the minute. Her eyes were screwed tight and her lips were pulled
well back exposing her teeth as she struggled to remain in her braced position.
He asked her when she had last masturbated and then insisted that she explain in
intimate detail how she had played with herself.

It must have been almost ten minutes before Miss Burgess allowed her to lift her
knees from the bed of pain and stand, albeit shakily, on her feet. Not
surprisingly with both kneecaps bright red and indented with pock mark like
holes. She was then told to raise the stockings and re-attach them to her
suspender belt.

Miss Burgess asked Stewart to order some exercise so that they could assess the
amount of support that her brassiere gave her. In no time Stewart had the
matronly figure jumping up and down as they watched the breasts sway in rhythm
to her movement. Miss Burgess then asked Stewart to remove the brassiere and
hand it to her for examination.

Moving to the woman's rear he grasped either side of the back strap, separated
the clips and allowed the weight of the breasts to pull the two sides apart. He
then slipped the shoulder straps down, noting the deep groves they had made in
the soft flesh and moving to the front, pulled the heavy garment clear of her
arms. Handing the bra to Miss Burgess he looked intently at the large breasts
exposed to his view.

The cause of the swelling that he noted under the material was immediately
obvious. Both large brown nipples were pierced with gold rings. The nipples
themselves were set in large brown auriolea that measured some four inches in
diameter and hung down from the pendulous mammaries. He gripped each gold ring
and firmly lifted both breasts slightly. The female gasped and her eyes
indicated that the nipples were extremely sensitive to such handling.

"How long is it since these were pierced?" he enquired.

She told him that it was just three weeks ago and that they still felt sore to
the touch. Miss Burgess, having examined the bra cast it to one side and snorted
in disgust.

"Whether you will be allowed to wear your rings will depend on your squad
leader, but I can assure you that sore nipples are the last thing you need when
starting your sentence. Mr Stewart, would you investigate how her breasts cope
without support?"

First he ordered her to raise her arms out to the side and then to keep her hips
still, but turn her arms and upper body fully to the left and right. This, once
he had ordered a rapid pace, had the breasts swinging from side to side with a
slopping sound as they reached the end of their travel against either her
underarms or each other. He followed that exercise by a brisk jumping on the
spot. Even a girl with smaller firmer breasts would have experienced some
discomfort, but the large breasts of this woman bounced and flopped to the point
of nearly overbalancing her. When she was allowed to stop, she stood there
breathing heavily with both breasts flushed red.

"Let me give you a friendly warning Heathcott, " snapped Miss Burgess. "At these
centres females with large breasts always start at a disadvantage as several of
the female staff, particularly the flat chested ones seem to target them. Any
offence that is remotely associated with your breasts, such as being caught
wearing a soiled brassiere can have you awarded a Breast Related Demerit.
Collect three and you will have to take a thin cane across them...even the
nipples. The usual error your sort make is to wear some form of breast support
under your vest when doing PT. If the instructress makes a spot check and finds
even a thin half-cup garment, you get a demerit. If she then decides that the
garment is soiled, and her opinion is never questioned, then you collect a
second. The only solution is to follow the rules and if they bounce about a
little, just grit your teeth!"

" Now we will start the rather embarrassing part of the examination. You will
take this equipment into the bedroom and await our arrival".

When she had departed, Miss Burgess mentioned how many changes had taken place
in the Correctional system in recent weeks. The initial results from the centres
had been so dramatic that the Government had authorised a rapid expansion of the
entire system. Magistrates were now allowed to sentence both males and females
for any lack of respect to either females or males in authority. Hence
Heathcott's sentence for simply falling foul of a young traffic warden. Extra
centres were being opened and the promotion prospects for the staff in the
centres was excellent. Stewart had this change to thank for his sudden transfer
to the staff. The political masters were turning a collective blind eye to the
ever increasing levels of punishments that were being introduced as long as the
recidivist rate remained almost zero.

In due time the pair of them entered the well-lit room to find her standing by
the side of the stripped bed. Miss Burgess handed her a blindfold to wear,
explaining to Stewart that this would prevent unnecessary flinching if and when
she was in a position to see what they were doing. She was then told to remove
her skirt and kneel on the bed with her knees spread, buttocks high and elbows
and face in the mattress.

"Perhaps you would carry out a digital inspection of her panties to ensure that
they are still dry and pristine?"

Without any delay Stewart leant on the bed with his right hand between the plump
thighs. He firmly ran his index finger midway between the tight cotton that
covered her crotch until he located the uneven furrow. Sliding it backwards and
forwards a few times he withdrew and indicated to Miss Burgess the shiny moist
deposit on his fingertip.

"I was afraid of that," she muttered. " Far too many of these females seem to
get unwillingly turned on by a thorough handling. I will check her more
intimately, and then find some way to cool her down a little"

Miss Burgess then took two pairs of surgical gloves from her bag handing one
pair to Stewart as she slipped her own on with much pinging of the wrist bands
as she made them fit tightly.

"We always recommend that officers glove up before examining these females," she
remarked, "especially if they have yet to pass the prison medical".

"Right girl," she snapped, turning towards the kneeling woman. "Take off those
panties so that we can get a good look at you."

With some difficulty Heathcott knelt upright and removed the tight white
underpants placing them in Miss Burgess's extended right hand. As she resumed
her head down position she had to be reminded to spread her knees fully as she
then realised that the only clothing she had left were the stockings and
suspender belt which served to frame the large buttocks rather than provide any
protection to her modesty. With a look of disdain Miss Burgess flipped the small
panties inside out and displayed the damp moist crotch to Stewart.

"It's becoming pretty clear to me that your standards of personal hygiene leave
much to be desired Heathcott. Again I should warn you that a pair of panties in
this state will result in your being punished once you are in the Correctional
Centre. I would not be doing you a favour if I left this soiling un-corrected. I
think that it is time for you to feel the strap."

The strap that she selected was not particularly heavy or thick but thanks to
the effort Miss Burgess put into the swing, it certainly hurt the female. It was
almost certainly her first real experience of receiving punishment and following
six strokes she was shaking and whimpering with shock. The broad expanse of
buttocks bore a wide band of red that must have hurt like hell. It was a very
surprised Stewart who was handed the strap and told to repeat the exercise.

He took great care to re-position the women slightly so that he could be seen to
be exerting his authority. He made her spread her knees to an even more obscene
degree and dip her back. As she did so she winced as the skin, already tight
from the beating, was stretched. He gripped the leather handle in his gloved
hand and laid the strokes on using the red band as an aiming point, doing his
best to impress his mentor and ignoring the cost to his victim.

He always considered the strap to be a noisy implement, especially when applied
to a well padded rear. Heathcott added her own gasps and yelps to the general
level causing Stewart to hope that the neighbours were out. Not of course that
they could have any say in what was an officially sanctioned punishment. As his
last stroke lashed home he stood back, reasonably satisfied with his aim which
had made the reddened area positively crimson.

The reason for the surgical gloves then became apparent when Miss Burgess asked
him to carry out a cavity check to ensure that no drugs were being secreted
about her person. Stewart sat on the bed, ordered the woman to kneel between his
opened knees, and then, to open her mouth. He made no attempt to be gentle,
simply holding the back of her neck with his left hand and then placing two
fingers of his right hand between the opened lips as he ran the tips around her
outer gums. The digital inspection of the inner gums and under the tongue was
followed by him inserting the fingers over the tongue and deep enough to elicit
a gagging response. It was a very flushed female that eventually stood awaiting
his next command.

Bearing in mind the concerns for hygiene he decided to carry out a vaginal
inspection before the ultimate indignity. He soon had her positioned, facing
away from him with her legs either side of his closed knees. As she bent fully
over her labia were already slightly parted and the briefest visual check
revealed that he would not need to lubricate the fingers any further. He knew
that he had full permission from Miss Burgess to make the next few minutes as
embarrassing as possible so he started gently exposing the swollen clitoris by
parting the lips with his left hand...and then started to gently massage the tip
with his right hand fingers.

"You can consider yourself fortunate that Mr Stewart is searching your cavities
girl,"  Miss Burgess snapped from behind,  "It could just as easily be that
young Traffic Warden that you insulted. It would certainly bring you down a peg
or two and I shall certainly recommend that he is invited to check on your
progress when you are in the Centre".

This for Heathcott  was what she was dreading. It was bad enough to be poked and
prodded but when it was done in such a way that she simply could not avoid
reacting sexually...and to think that the young spotty faced male could soon be
doing the same...

Stewart increased the stroking until the woman was almost panting and her large
hips had started to squirm under his fingertips...and stopped abruptly. He then
suddenly held his three fingers vertically inline with the furrow and thrust
them in deeply. His brief was to search and he certainly did, using his fingers
to open and then probe deeply into the recesses of her femininity. It was some
time and following some discomfort for Heathcott before he withdrew the hand
with a moist "plop". There remained but one cavity to search.

In anticipation Miss Burgess applied a large helping of some lubricant as
Stewart roughly parted the cheeks of the female. With little finesse he quickly
rubbed round the puckered opening and then thrust his forefinger in to the hilt.
Even though the woman was expecting such an assault, she involuntarily gasped
and moved forward as if to resist. The first finger was soon followed by a
second and then he methodically worked his way around the rectum, insensitive to
either her embarrassment or her tenderness until he was satisfied with the void.

Miss Burgess then repeated Stewarts examination of all three cavities to assure
herself that the female had nothing secreted within her. If anything she was
even less caring than her male colleague and was certainly more thorough. It was
a very subdued prisoner that eventually stood before them, blinking in the light
following the removal of the blindfold, as they removed and discarded their
gloves.

Despite her best efforts to remain obedient and submissive, Heathcott had
irritated Miss Burgess on a couple of occasions during the search and the woman
realised that such behaviour would have to be paid for. She was not surprised
when the Officer ordered her to retrieve the cane from a side table and hand it
to her. Heathcott had heard stories of this implement being used over the years
and was well aware of the painful association it held for many. She realised
that she was about to join that group.

Miss Burgess had no wish to break the prisoner, rather she wanted to leave her
in no doubt as to the severity of the punishments that she could expect. She
placed two pillows, one on top of the other in the centre of the bed and told
Heathcott to lie across them so that her large buttocks were raised, but
mercifully, not stretched tight. She made her turn her face so that she could
see her and therefore appreciate when the cane was on it's way. She unfastened
the suspender straps that held the stocking in place, as unlike the strapping,
nothing was to impede the length of the cane. She gave a warning that should
Heathcott resist or refuse in any way, the punishment would be repeated.

With a curt "Six strokes!",  the caning started.

The cane was a relatively humane type that would only be suitable for a minor
correction. To the prisoner, feeling one for the first time, it would be hell.
Each stroke was laid on with some force and sank deep into the relaxed muscles.
The lines started at the top around two inches below the start of the anal cleft
and moved downwards at one inch intervals. Each had Heathcott either gasping
with shock or squealing loudly, but to her credit, she remained in position
until she was told that she could move. Instead of getting up she laid sobbing
into the bed sheet.

With a glance at her watch, Miss Burgess said that they would leave her to
recover and await the prison collection service. Stewart helped her collect
their items and they were soon out of the apartment and on their way.

They arrived at the Correctional Centre early in the evening and were soon
through the security gates and parked outside the Officers Accommodation block.
The duty prisoner on his floor of three apartments, a twenty something slim,
dark haired girl wearing the standard schoolgirl uniform politely showed him to
his spacious room carrying his small bag in her left hand. Once inside she
placed the bag on the bed and stood to attention. She spoke in a broad Welsh
accent

"My name is Evans Sir and I am the duty prisoner on this floor for today. I have
cleaned this room and the bathroom and hope that you will find it satisfactory.
Should you need anything, at anytime please press the bell next to your bed and
I will respond.  I was told to help you change into your uniform and that the
note on the desk will explain what you need to do tonight."

With that she scurried about the room laying a uniform that had been hanging in
the wardrobe on his large double bed. Obviously, with commendable efficiency his
measurements had been sent ahead. He tore the envelope open and read the
enclosed hand-written note.

The author, who turned out to be his immediate lady supervisor gave him a brief
welcome and suggested that he get into uniform and meet her in the Officers'
dining room for dinner at 8pm.

Turning to the girl prisoner he slipped off his shirt, trousers and shoes and
stood there somewhat amused in his briefs as she dressed him in a white shirt,
carefully doing up all the buttons and placing rank tabs with one pip on each
shoulder. She even put the black tie around his neck and completed the knot. She
then knelt down to ease the grey trousers over each foot and pulled them
blushing, to his waist closing the buttons and zipper. A thick leather belt was
then threaded through the loops around his waist and fastened with an almost
imperceptible shudder that Stewart recognised was caused by some past unpleasant
association the prisoner had had with that item.

To the belt she clipped a strap, somewhat heavier and more rigid than at his
original centre and the electric prodder and battery pack. Finally the black
shoes were slipped on his feet, a tailored grey jacket slipped on his shoulders
and a uniform hat placed squarely on his head. She then stepped smartly back and
resumed her position at attention.

Stewart thought for a moment and then made a decision that he would do his best
to get off on the right foot with his superiors.

"I take it girl that it is the tradition here that Officers hand out a welcome
to their new staff?"

Her eyes downcast, Evans replied that it was.

"And how many whacks are usually handed out?"

With a resigned shrug of her shoulders and still staring at the floor the young
girl said that between three and six were usually given depending on the
Officer.

Stewart smiled at her and in almost a whisper said:

"I think I will make it the full six so that you fully appreciate my arrival
here. Bend over, feet apart and grasp your ankles!"

Without hesitation Evans complied. Stewart leant forward and flicked the short
uniform skirt up over her back to expose the small white panties covering the
slim buttocks. He carefully slipped his fingernails under the edge of the
material to pull it clear of the buttocks and into the cleft. The skin was
somewhat bruised and reddened from recent and earlier punishments confirming
that his approach was the right one.

"When were you last beaten girl?" he enquired.

The bent over girl replied that she had been strapped that morning when she
forgot to put sugar in a wardresses early morning coffee.

Stewart thought how amazing it was that his entire life had changed. He was now
the one to be feared and resolved himself to earn a reputation as a strict
disciplinarian as soon as possible. This girl's bottom would be a good starting
place. He knew that she dare not object and would have to allow him to do as he
wished.

He unclipped his new strap, noted how stiff it felt as he ran the split leather
between his fingers and positioned himself to the girls left. He raised the
strap and brought it down hard across the bare skin.

It was a real swine of a stroke even for the most gentle of all the instruments
of discipline in the centre. The recipient was almost knocked forward and
certainly had her breath taken away. He rapidly laid on the following five
strokes with only seconds between them. All were across the plumpest part of the
buttocks with no attempt to offer kindness by spreading the band of pain.

He quickly ordered her to her feet and to face him. This she did as the waves of
pain hit her. Her face was screwed up into a grimace and soon tears were rolling
down both cheeks as she struggled to control herself and remain submissive.

"I trust that was effective Evans? I believe that even minor routine punishments
should hurt. I may continue this discussion later so remain awake until at least
midnight in case I send for you. Understood?"

The girl sobbed and sniffed but managed to agree. She was then dismissed and
Stewart, checking his new appearance in the mirror, prepared to meet the rest of
the staff.

The Chief Wardress in charge of his section was waiting for him outside the
dining hall. Miss Farrow was in her thirties, tall and well built with long fair
hair in a pigtail. Her face, normally frozen in a superior sneer broke into a
smile as he greeted her. She appeared to be happy at addressing him by his first
name, but did not offer her own in return, even during the excellent meal that
they shared at a long communal table. It was to be some time before the newly
confident Stewart found out the reason behind her formality to him.

They were waited upon by young female waitresses dressed in short skirts and
high-heeled shoes. Pinafores covered their fronts emphasising their servant
status. A number was printed on a tag clipped to their chest. They certainly
dashed about and the service was rapid and courteous. He learned that there were
a few male prisoners in the Centre, but it was essentially for the training of
female offenders. When Stewart complemented one for serving him so promptly, he
was immediately corrected by his new boss who told him that they were all
prisoners and the only contact was when he chose to pick fault. She pointed out
small note pads scattered around the table. If a waitress was slow, or made any
mistake he could scribble the details on the form, along with her number, and
the offence would be dealt with at the end of the meal. Within a couple of
minutes he saw the system in operation when a tall slim waitress accidentally
spilt a spot of soup on the table as she served one of the staff. He saw the
look of fear cross her face as the wardress wordlessly leant forward for a pad,
glanced around to see the girl's number and then scribbled a brief note on the
blank paper replacing it in the centre.

He later learned that the job of the staff who were late in for dinner was to
collect the notes and administer any corrections that might have been earned
during the evening. It was only to be an application of their personal strap but
it was always enough to keep the prisoner-servants on their toes when serving
their betters.

During the dinner he was told that his training would have to be on the job as
they were too short staffed to spare him for the formal course at a Training
school at present. He was to report to the Guardroom to assist the policewomen
first thing after breakfast. He was pleased to note that all the wardresses
chatted about the Centre and their work that day without any inhibitions, so,
joined in the conversation describing how he had felt it necessary to beat the
prisoner within minutes of arriving. He was gratified to see the looks and
grunts of approval that came from around the table. Miss Farrow asked for the
details and nodded approvingly as he described his actions.

"Whatever you do Dave, you must follow up on the threat to call her back to the
room later tonight. I would recommend that you give her three good ones so that
she is still stinging when she goes to her bed. Have her strip off if you want,
but don't use her sexually on this occasion as the object is to establish your
severity as a disciplinarian. Let's not forget that you will probably be the
first male corrections officer that they have been punished by, so that should
make it really effective." And with a smile she added: "But don't worry, there
will be plenty of opportunities for personal amusement later!"

A young junior wardress commented how terribly stiff and hard the straps were
when first issued. Miss Farrow recommended a visit to the Centre workshop where
they would oil and flex the strap to make it more user friendly. Again with a
wink she added that they could also make it a little more effective by stitching
small weights in the thongs...but cautioned not to quote her on that as it was
hardly an approved modification.

As a matter of courtesy he felt obliged to match Miss Farrow drink for drink in
the bar after dinner and it was nearly midnight when he made his way rather
unsteadily back to his apartment. He remembered his early promise to Evans and
wondered if he should use her to relax him before he slept. Having thought
things over he thought it better not to take chances, but he could still make
her feel miserable.

It was around thirty seconds from his pressing the summoning bell-push to
hearing a timid knock on his door. Opening it he found an extremely apprehensive
Evans waiting at attention.

He soon had her standing in front of him as he sat in an armchair. He questioned
her and learned that she hadn't been beaten again that night but that her rear
still hurt from his earlier strapping.

"Lets take a look then girl, slip off your skirt and panties and kneel on the
arms of my chair facing away from me".

There was a moment when sheer panic came over the girl's face. She then managed
to get a grip of herself and followed his orders. She reached under the short
skirt and slipped her small regulation panties off. The she unclipped and
removed the skirt displaying the white suspender belt and walked towards his
chair waiting for him to vacate it. Slowly she realised that he had no such
intention and that she would have to mount the chair in the most unladylike
manner, with her intimate areas just inches from his face.

She placed her left knee on the soft arm and was then obliged to lift her right
leg high over his head and the back of the chair before she could rest it on the
other arm. Finally, she had to support her upper body by placing her hands on
the floor either side of his feet. She could feel his breath around her splayed
crotch and flushed with shame as she realised that he was able to examine her
most private areas.

Stewart avoided simply groping the female and instead ran his finger tips gently
down her anal cleft until he reached the anus itself. She was a rather hirsute
specimen and he had to part her dark anal hair to expose the brown puckered
orifice. Then he tantalisingly touched it with his finger tip, pressing
slightly. The marks of his earlier punishment were still livid and had not yet
faded. There were still faded marks of what must have been a severe caning some
days earlier. Obviously this was a place that believed in effective disciplines.

He moved his knees so that they were brushing against her small covered breasts
knowing that she would be unable to move away. He then reached between her legs
with his right hand and, locating the start of her slightly parted vulva drew
his fingertip between the two inner lips feeling their crinkly outer surface.

For a moment he was tempted to take a real advantage of the prisoner knowing
full well that she would simply have to accept whatever he did. Instead he
brusquely ordered her to her feet in front of him.

"On consideration Evans, I think that I went a little easy on you earlier this
evening. I think that I should give you a little night-cap to help you sleep.
Bend over, legs wide, grasping your ankles and brace yourself."

He unhooked his strap, making a mental note to get it oiled, and stood to her
right. The buttocks looked even slimmer when bent over and he selected the lower
half for the impact point. He raised the strap and brought it sizzelling down
with a loud crack that drove her forward an inch or two. He waited for a minute
for the pain to peak and then gave her a second hard one on the same spot. She
managed to remain in position and finally the third one lashed across the
reddened area.

Having been allowed to stand, she had replaced her clothes, bobbed a courteous
"Thank you Sir", and had departed. Stewart, admiring his own self-control, was
soon asleep.

It was a different prisoner that brought his early morning tea. Whilst he was
showering she laid his uniform out on his newly made bed and stood to one side
in case he needed assistance in dressing. She appeared unperturbed by his
arrival back in the room naked and stood, at attention staring straight ahead.

He swiftly dressed and sat on his bed with the girl at his feet to slip on his
uniform shoes. She was in her thirties and more solidly built than Evans. He
rightly guessed that those on servant duty worked shifts and were involved in
the other required activities at the Centre when supposedly off-duty. This could
hardly give them time for adequate sleep let alone any personal needs. He
pondered as to whether he would be restricted to those females on duty in his
accommodation block or whether he could pick and choose from the entire prison
population as the staff seemed to do in his original Centre. As he stood and
dismissed her, he made a mental note to query that very point at the first
opportunity. Looking back on the way he had been so cruelly used he found the
prospect of using a female in the same manner, more than exciting.

Following breakfast in the staff dining room he walked briskly over to the
Guardroom to start his first days work. The Parade ground that he past had a
squad of prisoners being drilled and he could clearly hear the orders of a large
Wardress. The prisoners seemed to be dressed in their formal tunics with large
back-packs and heavy boots and were certainly being worked hard. At one point
they were marched past him, shoulders braced, eyes straight ahead and feet
pumping in rhythm. The morning was already warm and most of them showed
perspiration on their faces.

He walked into the guardroom and was immediately greeted by the duty sergeant.
Carol, as she turned out to be named, was an ex-policewoman in her early forties
who had changed to the Correctional Service after a career in the local City
Police. She certainly cut an impressive figure in her tailored police uniform
and hat. Her attractive face flashed only the rare smile and she created a level
of fear even in Stewart's mind as she detailed what his duties would be.

He was to book in any prisoner who came for one of the unofficial punishments,
enter their details on the police computer and ensure that they were fully
prepared for punishment. Naturally, no formal record would be made of their
offence otherwise there would be little advantage in them volunteering for the
"unofficial". The Police unit would however be required to keep records for
their own use but it could not be referred to by the parole board who determined
whether the prisoner was fit for release. Carol went on to explain that part of
the price the prisoner paid for keeping the offence off their conduct sheet was
that the punishments handed out in the guardroom could be severe, but never as
severe as a formal one would be.

She pointed to a laminated letter that was to be shown to all prisoners on
arrival. This certainly laid the policies on the line and would add considerably
to the apprehension and fear that they would already be experiencing. Stewart
read it:



NOTICE TO PRISONERS.

You have agreed to accept an unofficial punishment, thereby avoiding any
permanent record being placed on your conduct file. Once you have signed the
acceptance book next to this notice you will have no further choice in the
matter. Until that time you may change your mind and elect to be placed on
report for your case to be heard by a Senior Officer in the normal manner.

The type and severity of the punishment will be decided by the duty policewoman,
and any member of the guardroom staff may administer it. There is no form of
appeal permitted should you consider the sentence excessive. What is worn and
whether you will be secured is entirely at the discretion of the staff. At their
discretion, they may request the presence of a Centre Nurse.

You may expect that even a minor guardroom punishment will be painful. You
should not expect any reduction on account of any other recent punishment to the
same area. You may incur additional punishment for further offences whilst in
the guardroom.

Following infliction you will immediately report back to your squad.


So, Stewart thought. Once that book is signed the prisoner will have to accept
whatever one of the policewomen feel like giving them. Such is the price to pay
for keeping any offence of the official record. Carol showed him the holding pen
where the prisoners would be kept until a policewoman could deal with them. It
was a large bleak room with floor to ceiling bars separating it from the main
room. A galvanised bucket stood in one corner and hard benches lined the wall.
He made himself comfortable behind a desk that faced inwards to the cell and
awaited his first client.

A knock came on the door to Stewart's new empire and in came his first prisoner
who stood at attention in front of his desk. She was a solidly built woman of
around thirty years of age. She was tall with her dark hair tied in a pony-tail
that hung down to her shoulders. From her thin vest, short skirt white ankle
socks and trainers, she had obviously been engaged in a hard session of PT. She
was still sweating around the face and the tight white vest was wet in patches,
particularly at the sides where perspiration had run down from her armpits. She
nervously handed him a note.

It was brief and to the point:

Under the box for the prisoners number was written  "237", it was dated and
signed with an illegible name but the reason for her being sent to the guardroom
was clearly written:

"Lack of effort during PT session particularly with leg exercises. Two warnings
and six strokes of the strap inflicted without improvement. Please deal with
her."

Stewart typed in the girl's number on his keypad and in a couple of seconds her
personal file came up on the screen. Her name was Celia Lines aged 32 years and
previously employed as a school teacher. It contained her arrival photographs
where she looked far less dishevelled and apprehensive than she did right now.
It was not an impeccable record with two formal punishments already awarded in
her first six weeks at the centre. Little wonder that she had requested an
"unofficial". Clicking on the guardroom restricted records he noted that this
was her second visit and that she had been unofficially strapped the previous
week for "Failure to pay attention in class". He left the page open as he looked
up at her.

"A pretty appalling record so far Lines, you seem to be both inattentive and
idle so we will have to bring you rather sharply into line with the standards
here." He gave her the laminated sheet of rules to read which she did with her
face displaying even more dread. She signed the acceptance book without any
hesitation however. Glancing through her files he could find no records of any
formal dress inspections and decided that this could be a productive start to
his handling of her.

"There will be some delay before you are beaten, so we must find some way of
filling in the time. Let me see... I think a bra and panty inspection would be
in order...although of course, you won't be wearing a bra for PT will you?

"No Sir",

By now she looked totally dejected as she contemplated how this male was about
to make an unpleasant punishment really unbearable. She heard his voice ordering
her to remove the wet vest, place it on his table and take up the "present" in
front of him.

Stewart ignored the half-naked female standing before him and picked up the
garment that had been covering the upper part of her body. It was designed to
fit tightly without giving any form of support. Sweat permeated the material
especially in the centre of the front where it had run down between the breasts
and under both armpits. It was already beginning to give off an odour. He looked
up at Lines. Her eyes were downcast but she was well braced with her elbows back
so that her average sized breasts were forced into prominence. They were not
large but the nipples were of the puffy variety that always appealed to him.
They were almost like small breasts themselves and were bound to be
super-sensitive.

He moved to stand in front of her and looked even closer at her auroela. Each
one resembled a pink strawberry perched on the upper tip of the breast. He
slowly dragged the back of his fingers across the nipples until they obligingly
sprang to attention. Suddenly he pinched the right one between his finger and
thumb firmly until the prisoner dropped her hands from the back of her neck in a
surprised reaction, but then immediately replaced them.

"You weren't trying to obstruct my inspection were you girl?" he snapped, to
which she stammered an apology for the movement. He transferred his grip to her
left nipple and squeezed even harder.

"It would  be a pity to have the cane across these nipples, just for moving
about a little. Are they sensitive?" He increased the pressure until the girl
started to fidgit, then suddenly released it leaving them both swollen and red.

"Skirt off and then hand me your panties".

Eyes even more downcast she unclipped and removed the skirt then stepped out of
her small white panties handing them nervously to him and assuming the present
position again. She had certainly been working hard and the garment was wet
rather than damp, especially round the crotch. It would, Stewart thought, be
very unfair to punish a prisoner simply because she perspired freely, but on the
other hand, rules were rules. He opened the panties and laid them on the table
with the inside of the material fully exposed.

Both of them stared at the crotch, the female with a sudden feeling of dread.
There was no need for Stewart to claim any soiling to give him an excuse for
further punishment, the evidence of the girl's carelessness was staring them in
the face. There was some noticeable staining around the anal area.

"You are aware of the regulations concerning the cleanliness of prisoners
underwear?" Stewart whispered.

The girl nodded almost imperceptibly.

"Then you will realise that I will have to report you to the duty Policewoman.
Do you have any excuse to offer for this lack of hygiene?"

"S...sir I was in a terrible hurry this morning as our room was going to be
inspected and I didn't have time for a shower".

For a second Stewart almost felt sympathy for the wretch. He could easily
imagine the frantic rushing around as the squad prepared for the room
inspection-the hurried visit to the toilet and then taking a chance on not
having a shower so that the time could be spent polishing and cleaning. He had
no doubt that having caught her out, he should and would follow the matter up,
so that she would be left in no doubt regarding the hygiene standards that were
expected.

No doubt whatsoever.

 To be continued.




Chapter 49.

Stewart had just half pushed the prisoner Lines into the holding cell slamming
the door shut, when in walked his next candidate, an extremely tall and slim
female in her early twenties. She stood to attention and handed him her note
with what he noticed was an already sweating hand.

It seemed that she had been inattentive in a class taken by one of the civilian
lady teachers who had no punishment authority. She had therefore been sent to
the guardroom.

Stewart spent a few minutes on the computer and decided that the girl's record
was pretty good. His mind went back to his own experiences and gradually came to
the conclusion that a school type punishment could well suit this school type
offence. He had her sign the form and was just typing the details up when the
sergeant walked in, obviously ready for business.

She elected to deal with the later arrival first and consulted the
recommendations that Stewart had just typed with a wicked grin appearing on her
face.

"Well, girl, it seems that Mr Stewart has recommended that your inattentiveness
should be punished with a school punishment. I agree and I will give you six
strokes of the school tawse...on each hand. It will leave you with a pair of
rather sore hands that will remind you every time that your mind wanders."

The Sergeant walked over to a rack of implements and having handled three
straps, finally settled on a two foot long length of hide with a split half way
along its length. It was scarcely any more frightening than the standard
wardress strap, perhaps a little longer and heavier but as it was to be used on
her soft palms, the girl became understandably, more nervous.

"I have no intention of allowing your shirt sleeves to get in the way which
might happen if you simply roll them up, so take of your shirt and tie".

With a nervous glance at Stewart the girl slipped off her school tie and then
unbuttoned and removed her shirt. She stood there in her regulation skirt and
white bra awaiting the next order. Stewart noticed that though she was really
slim, her small breasts poked provocatively under the bra material and he
guessed that they were in little need of support. She appeared more shy than was
usual and had probably become used to stripping in front of female staff, but
found a males presence even more embarrassing. He briefly thought of trying to
come up with some reason to make her remove the bra, but then thought that he
would be able to find some justification at a later date. Perhaps he would order
her to his room one night, and take a really good look at her, after all, a
prisoner such as her would be able to raise no objections.

The Policewoman made the girl stand in front of her and then had her raise her
hand with the fingertips pointing forwards, parallel with the ground and the
soft palm uppermost. She lay the leather over the fingers and pushed it up over
the palm ordering her to support the wrist with her other hand.

"I will lay on six strokes. You may drop your hand and rub it after every
stroke, but you must raise it back up and present it to me when I tell you.  I
intend that this will hurt, so brace yourself".

She then slowly pulled the strap backwards until it fell free of the fingertips
and dropped slightly. Then, raising it up over her right shoulder she brought it
down with the tip landing just short of the wrist with a loud "Crack".

The prisoner dropped her hand and rubbed the palm hard as her feet did an
impromptu jig. The order then came:

"Again!"

And she forced herself to present the already stinging palm for more pain.

Stewart was surprised at the way in which the Sergeant allowed the girl a
respite between each stroke, but then realised that any reduction of the pain
gained by rubbing the area would be more than offset by the superhuman effort
that would be required to raise the palm and obediently hold it in place for the
next application. He still found himself watching her breasts as each stroke
landed and could see only the slightest movement under the white material of her
brassiere.

The policewoman continued the punishment using considerable effort to ensure
that the girl felt every one. By the time she had finished with both her palms,
no amount of rubbing them together seemed to ease the searing pain. Stewart then
made her hold both hands out towards him so that he could examine them.

He looked first at her face and saw the teeth still biting on her lower lip. Her
eyes were moist and the left one had a tear running down her cheek. The palms
were crimson with weals running from the tips to the wrists where the edge of
the tawse had made contact. He rubbed his fingertips over the reddened area and
felt the heat that rose to meet them. With a final hard slap of his palms across
the girl's, he dismissed her back to her class wondering how she would cope if
she was required to write at any length during the rest of the day.

 Acting on the Sergeant's instructions, Stewart then retrieved the almost naked
Lines from the holding cell and told her to stand next to the desk on which her
soiled panties and damp vest were displayed. He briefly outlined the prisoner's
offence and then described how he decided to carry out a spot check of her
underwear and what he had found.  The policewoman drew out her long baton and
lifted the vest up to her nose sniffing distastefully. She then replaced the
vest and used it to spread out the panties. She then hoisted them up and held
the offending crotch under the prisoner's nose.

"What in the hell do you mean by being in such a filthy condition girl?" she
snapped. "Surely by now you know the rules concerning cleanliness in this
establishment? I will consider what I will have to do to encourage you to be
careful with your personal hygiene later. To ensure that you work those legs of
yours with more enthusiasm in PT I am going to give them each nine of the strap,
but first, you need a thorough wash. Mr Stewart, would you please escort the
prisoner to the toilet block and ensure that she is properly cleaned".

Stewart knew that this was to be entirely at his discretion and hardly needed
the wink that the Sergeant gave him to start his mind racing. He led the woman
by her arm into the white tiled washroom. Having had her remove her remaining
socks and trainers he ordered her to the present position.

"As you can't be trusted to achieve a decent level of personal hygiene I will
now supervise your shower. You may rest assured that I believe in a "hands on"
approach. Firstly, you will use the toilet to prevent any further problems when
you are under punishment."

There was no form of privacy, the white square asian type toilet simply sat on
the tiled floor in the corner. Lines hesitatingly walked over to it and with a
desperate look in Stewart's direction, squatted over the hole with her bare feet
resting on the widely spaced foot places. It took her a full two minutes before
she was able to release her bladder terribly aware that he was casually watching
the whole process.

She was then told to stand, back at the present, outside the large shower
cubicle. Stewart rolled up his sleeves, picked up a bottle of shower gel from a
shelf and pored a generous amount into the palm of his right hand. He made no
attempt to hide his erection that was blatantly visible jutting forward in his
trousers knowing that it could only add to her humiliation.

He started by rubbing his hand over both shoulders allowing the gel to run down
her back and front. He gave her face a brief wipe with the fluid and then placed
a hand on each breast.

"You might find this process a little embarrassing Lines, but unless you want to
earn yourself even more punishment from the Sergeant, you had better accept
whatever I choose to do to you...understood?"

She muttered her abject agreement avoiding eye contact with him. She knew only
too well that the briefest word from him would result in an infliction of pain
that would be out of all proportion with her offence. She braced even harder
into the present position and resolved to allow him any contact he wished
without complaint.

He gripped her swollen areola with the slippery fingers of both hands and
applied pressure to assess her obedience. They both knew that this was a
deliberate application of pain for no other reason than he had the power to do
it. Despite her rigidly held position she found that her knees were just
beginning to buckle as the pain surged and he suddenly released them. The heavy
squeezing and rubbing of the breasts and hairless armpits that followed was
almost a relief.

More gel was applied to his hand, which then, without warning, slid between her
thighs and covered her pubic mound. He made no comment about her luxuriant pubic
hair but simply concentrated on introducing a finger, along with a copious
amount of gel between her labia. He made no attempt to be gentle; the one finger
was soon joined by another forming a hook that pulled her hips towards him. He
then released the pressure and gently rubbed against the clitoral area until she
started to twitch slightly at his intrusion.

Just as she started to worry that he might even cause her more embarrassment by
the stimulation, he stood back and ordered her to turn around, bend over and
grip her widely spaced ankles.

Another handful of gel was squeezed from the bottle and the prisoner saw, from
between her spread legs, Mr Stewart approaching from behind.

Her position ensured that her buttocks were well parted and the offending cleft
fully exposed to both his eyes and fingers. He started almost gently by tracing
the line between her cheeks with a fingertip, lingering at the stretched but
closed anus. Then he briskly rubbed the gel into the lightly haired area.
Finally, he prodded his finger against her entrance and with a sudden thrust
pushed the well-lubricated digit into the anal ring.

There was of course nothing that Lines could do or say to prevent this cruel
violation of her secret place. She had to remain bent over accepting his fingers
as they probed deep into her rectum with the only indication of her discomfort
being a slight flexing of her knees and a low whimper from her lips.

Stewart considered using a hard scrubbing brush on the female, particularly in
the area that had caused the original complaint. He even thought of joining her
in the shower to ensure that she properly cleaned herself but realised that time
was not on his side. He therefore confined himself to watching her as she
showered under a high pressure spray ensuring that it was selected to cold for
the last two minutes. Even when she had dried herself with a large towel she was
still shivering when she stood before the Sergeant awaiting her punishment.

The policewoman selected what seemed to be a small paddle, but on closer
examination Stewart saw that the six-inch by four-inch blade was a flexible
piece of leather that would wrap round any target. Wrist straps were fitted to
the female and her hands were soon lifted upwards on a pulley system from a
sturdy fastening in the ceiling of the room. Without any explanation she stood
to one side of the victim and laid the implement, with some effort, on to the
front upper part of her right leg with an echoing "Thawack".

Two more strokes were applied to the upper leg leaving angry red squares on the
white flesh. It was obvious from the girl's frantic movement between strokes how
sensitive that are was and she had difficulty in holding her position for the
last one.

Following the beating of her left front thigh, the Sergeant moved to her rear
and the plump back of each leg became the target for the heavy leather. Soon the
prisoner was sobbing uncontrollably with the pain, but the worst was yet to
come. The Sergeant stood with her face only inches from the female.

"Each leg has three strokes to come. I will be applying them to your inner
thighs, which most prisoners seem to find rather sensitive. It will, I hope, act
as a reminder to greater efforts for your next PT session".

Stewart was told to set a stool to the prisoners right and her foot was lifted
and placed on it. This presented and tightened the right inner thigh to say
nothing of displaying the genitalia. Anticipating some reluctance to remain in
position, the Sergeant told Stewart to stand behind the girl and hold her leg
just below the knee to keep it positioned.  Stewart gently ran his hand along
the area feeling its softness, particularly where it joined her pubic mound. He
knew only too well just how severe even a light stroke would be in that area;
not that the Sergeant believed in light strokes. He placed his left arm around
the waist and felt the girl brace.

The swatter was brought down from over the Sergeant's shoulder to impact on the
inner thigh just above the right knee. Standing with his upper legs bracing the
back of the prisoner's thigh Stewart could feel the weight of the strap. The
stroke was then repeated without any delay further up the leg, and finally, a
final swat was placed on the upper part. Despite Stewart's efforts, as the pain
level surged, the prisoner's leg leapt off the stool and she brought it
protectively against the other trying to rub the pain away.

It took a superhuman effort for the whimpering prisoner to place, when ordered,
her other foot on the stool in preparation for that thighs punishment. Stewart
took a firm grip of her and awaited the infliction. All three slaps were applied
within seconds and now the girl carried out a dance of pain desperately rubbing
the reddened and sore thighs together.

Completely indifferent to the moans from her victim, the Sergeant told Stewart
that she would have the girl return in the evening for a session with the crotch
martinet that would, hopefully, make her more careful about her personal
hygiene. In the meantime she would simply understrap her.

Stewart saw the girl's expression change to one of disbelief that her punishment
was to continue all day, perhaps she had been understrapped before or had
witnessed another female so dressed and knew just how uncomfortable the wretched
thing could be. Somehow she managed to control herself as two stools were placed
either side of her and she was told to lift her bare feet and place one on each.
She clearly had no modesty left and hardly noticed Stewart's glance at her
displayed crotch as she took up the splayed and squatting position that the
position of the stools required.

The Sergeant selected an understrap from a small collection hanging on a hook
and advanced towards the girl. She reached behind her and fastened the thin
leather waistband around her and then reached between her legs to pull the
understrap itself up between her parted vulva. She knelt on the floor looking
upwards to judge where the knots in the thin leather thong would rest. Satisfied
that the anus had a suitably chaffing knot in place she repositioned two that
would lay within the soft lips and then pulled the thong hard up into the cleft
making her gasp with pain. The end of the thong was then hooked on to the
dangling elastic tag that hung from the front of the waist strap so that the
fiendish item of intimate clothing would be snug and tight.

By the time the prisoner had dressed in the vest, skirt and footwear only the
experienced eye would detect that she was understrapped from her slightly bow
legged and hesitant walk as she marched from the guardroom to catch up with the
rest of her squad. Even Stewart hoped that she would have no more PT for that
day knowing that even climbing stairs would cause unbelievable soreness to her
most sensitive parts.

The desk Sergeant took the 'phone call. It seemed that one of the male prisoners
had been sent to the medical centre and the duty sister thought that Stewart
might be interested in seeing what transpired. With some haste he made his way
to the medical block and was greeted by the sister who made the call.

"You may know Dave, that if a wardress believes that a genital punishment is
called for, she can by-pass the guardroom unofficial system and we can
administer one here in this building, if you remember, all genital discipline
must be inflicted by one of the nursing staff, for safety reasons. One of the
males has been sent here for displaying an erection. It seems that he had been
put to work in the Staff Gymnasium and was seen to be taking rather an interest
in ladies using some of the equipment. One of them made him drop his
shorts...and there it was in its full glory. Now this could have been ignored,
it's entirely at the individual staff member's discretion, but, if offence is
taken then a punishment must follow. It is up to the wardress to decided whether
what we call a "testosterone" punishment is required and if it is, she can then
send him to us. The rules are simple, once here and having signed the acceptance
book, he can avoid a formal punishment. We don't have many males to punish so I
always give the job to Nurse Jeffries. I will introduce you to her".

They moved down the antiseptic smelling corridor, past a row of seated female
prisoners awaiting treatment who leapt to attention as they passed and into a
small white cubicle room. In there was Nurse Jefferies who looked barely
eighteen, slim, with an unattractive face with long lank brown hair. Perched on
her pointed nose was a pair of rimless glasses that she seemed to spend most
time peering over. With her was a young wardress, markedly attractive in
comparison in her uniform shirt with a one pip on each shoulder. They both shook
hands with firm warm grips and the Nurse having confirmed her name introduced
the other female as Miss Portland. Pleasantries over, the sister left. Stewart
looked around and noted the large wall chart of the male genitalia and the
straps hanging down from a rear wall.

Without a smile the nurse addressed them:

"I have this prisoner here for some aversion training and I thought that you two
newbies might find it of interest. I will be subjecting him to an extended
period of testicle discipline in the hope that it will enable him to control his
reactions in the future. There may be a time and a place for erections, but this
male will have to learn that it is not in this centre. I can't guarantee that I
can teach him to control himself in just the one hour, but I can guarantee that
he will wish that he could".

She pointed out the wooden framework fixed to the wall with its leather straps
hanging loose in various positions. Facing where the head would be fixed, a
large television screen hung down giving the occupant little option other than
to view what might be on the screen. She then muttered something to the effect
that she might as well demonstrate with the offender rather than talk them
through it. She put her head outside the door and curtly ordered the prisoner
in.

A male around 30 entered and snapped to attention. He was around five feet ten
inches tall and obviously fit and tanned from his time in the prison. His short
fair hair and regular features caused a look of more than interest to pass over
the face of the young wardress. Within seconds he had stripped off his denim
shirt and shorts, then his socks and trainers and finally, with a nervous glance
at Stewart, his small underpants to take up the present in front of the three
staff members.

Stewart had always considered himself to be entirely straight, but found himself
looking at the genitals displayed before him with mild curiosity. The prisoner's
penis was already starting to grow and he had what seemed to be rather large
testicles in the hairy scrotum that hung behind it. Nurse Jeffries slipped on a
pair of surgical gloves and handed another pair from the box to Miss Portland
who quickly donned them.

"As you will be required to examine and search the odd male prisoner, perhaps
you would like to check this ones equipment. Remember that he is not your
boyfriend and that we first need to thoroughly examine him without any
consideration towards his discomfort or embarrassment".

The two young girls soon had the male standing at the present. Miss Portland
placed a low stool in front of him and sat on it with her head at the height of
his waist. She took his penis in her left hand and started to gently examine it
with the fingers of her right. The soft gentle touch soon achieved her aim of
ensuring that the organ was rigid. She then painfully snatched the foreskin back
with her left hand to expose the glans, making the prisoner gasp and flinch away
from her grip.

"Hold still boy" she snapped, " I see what you mean Nurse, he seems to be
totally incapable of controlling himself in front of ladies. I can only hope
that your treatment will improve his attitude".

She then continued gripping him with one hand leaving the glans exposed to the
touch of her fingertips on the other as she gently prodded and stroked the shiny
tight surface. She manoeuvred a latex covered fingernail into the slit. All the
man could do as she probed his opening was to try to remain braced with his eyes
downcast to the top of her fair head. Her nail must have been sharpened and the
latex soon split leaving the urethra vulnerable to the sharp edge as it pushed
into the opening causing him some pain. She turned around, face flushed.

"Will we be disciplining this organ during the session Nurse?" she enquired".

The Nurse said that had not been her intention, but if she felt like trying out
a few ideas she could do it in between the main treatments. She asked that Miss
Portland give his scrotum a quick check, as it was time to prepare the prisoner.

The junior wardress transferred her attention to the dangling bulbs gently
hefting them both with her right hand. The she placed her forefinger between the
two and shook it to cause them some movement.  Ignoring the nervous flinching of
the male she held his left testicle with her fingers and, looking at the wall
chart, started to examine to shape and contours through the scrotum covering
with her right fingertips. It took her a few minutes to complete her examination
of the entire scrotal contents and from the number of times the prisoner
flinched, she was less than gentle.

Stewart stood back watching the other two as they secured the poor wretch to the
wooden frame. His back was to the device with his arms outstretched level with
his shoulders and strapped above the elbows and at the wrists. His head was held
against a padded cushion by a wide Velcro-fastened strap around his forehead.
Most of his weight was taken on a ledge that fitted under his buttocks and then
his thighs lifted and fastened just above his knees to two arms that were fitted
into the wall leaving his lower legs hanging down with his ankles strapped to
the same arms. These were then adjusted so that his knees were forced as wide as
possible. In this position his scrotum looked totally vulnerable as it hung low
between the parted thighs. The small stool was placed between his knees ready to
seat his tormentor.

Nurse Jefferies searched in her equipment bag and produced a device that looked
like a small padded fly swat. A springy handle about eight inches long had a
rubber covered grip and at the business end a square of leather heavily padded
on one side in a white towelling material. She explained that this implement had
been designed and approved for testes discipline as it was effective and yet
carried no risks of causing the testicle any damage.

Stewart shuddered at the word "effective" realising only too well that it was
merely a euphemism for pain. Having felt such discipline in the past he was
almost feeling sorry for the male and knew that the slightest touch in that area
and he would be as unable to control himself, as the prisoner. It was even going
to take some self-control on his part if he was to avoid jumping every time the
target was hit!

Nurse Jefferies asked Miss Portland to lift the deflating penis upwards against
the prisoner's stomach to keep it out of the way. She then glanced at the wall
clock noting the time, touched the swat against the outside surface of his left
testicle and then withdrew it some inches from the target.

Without any comment or warning she flicked it inwards so the padding hit the
lower outside quadrant of the bulb with a muffled "Thwock!"

The sound was soon followed by the male gasping with shock-and straining against
the restraining straps.

The Nurse waited for around two minutes to allow the dull ache to subside and
then carefully, but callously applied the swat to the right testicle with a
backhand flick.

Again the gasp followed by the futile straining against the leather straps. Then
a low moan came from his clenched lips as the pain surged.

Stewart recognised that this was the moment of truth for the wretch. He had
dreaded taking this form of punishment from the moment he first heard that it
was possible. But know, having experienced the intense controlled pain that it
inflicted, he was in total dread of the next application. The Nurses comments
did not help in the least.

"That is the first treatment, we will wait ten minutes for the recovery, and
then apply the punishment again. He is down for 40 minutes of therapy so that
means another four slaps per testicle...something for him to look forward to.
Naturally, if he should learn to control himself and not have an erection when I
am about to treat him then I will consider some leniency.  Miss Portland, would
you be so kind as to provide stimulation between treatments? If I am working by
myself I run an interesting video for him to watch but as you are here we might
as well take advantage of your presence. I think that the subject should be
given the chance of displaying self-control before each slap, as that will, in
effect, cause him to appreciate the reason for the pain. Use whatever means you
prefer".

She left the room leaving Stewart and the young wardress alone with the
prisoner. Miss Portland commented on how long they would be in the room for and
conceded that she would have to make herself comfortable. She slipped off her
uniform tie and standing between his legs, scarcely inches from his body and
eyes, unbuttoned the top four buttons on her shirt revealing her small white bra
and the upper surfaces of the breasts that it supported.

She then bent forwards slightly, knowing full well that the imprisoned male
would be able to admire her cleavage even more and gently held his scrotum. He
instinctively stiffened and she spoke in an almost purr to tell him that her job
was to provide the pleasure and to make the most of it whilst the Nurse was
absent. With gentle fingertips she carefully examined the punished bulbs.

"It's such a pity that Nurse has to slap these so hard, perhaps if you try
really hard you may be able to remain nice and limp for when she comes back. I
will be really gentle and all you have to do is think clean thoughts!"

She then sat on the stool opening her legs either side of his hanging scrotum so
that her uniform skirt rode up over her thighs revealing the tops of her
stockings. The poor male could not take his eyes of her and even before she had
lightly gripped his penis, it was already hardening.

She had promised to be gentle and gentle she was. She concentrated on the glans
and stroked it with the tips of her fingers. As it was already dry, she leant
back ignoring how her skirt rode even higher giving her charge a glimpse of her
panty covered crotch and retrieved a tube of lubricant from a surface.

Her fingertips slowly lubricated the tip of the dry penis and the male
reluctantly found himself unable to prevent the slow engorgement of his penis.
Looking down he could see the wardresses un-embarrassed display of her bra
covered breasts and spread thighs. Knowing full well that the time was ticking
away to his next visit from the Nurse, he couldn't help surrendering to the
touch and sight of this young bitch, knowing that he would soon pay the price.

Stewart was almost as absorbed by the wardresses attentions as the prisoner and
found himself instinctively twitching as the door opened an in came Nurse
Jeffries for her next treatment session. She soon exchanged places with the
other young staff member, retrieved her padded swatter and sat looking up at the
increasingly frightened male. She pedantically waited for the minute hand on the
clock to reach the point of ten minutes added to the first application time,
with her left hand cupping the sensitive testicles.

"If only you had controlled yourself I wouldn't have to do this."  She mockingly
muttered. Turning to the other staff she added  "You will note that the prisoner
is sweating profusely, even thought the room is not that warm. This is fear
sweat and is a good sign that I am getting through to him".

The time for discussion was over, with the wardress again lifting the male's
penis clear of the targets, she deliberately delivered another firm agonising
swat to each testicle leaving the prisoner shaking and moaning to himself.

"You probably realise now the routine for this type of punishment boy. I will
return every ten minutes to hurt your testes and if you wish to avoid this
treatment, all you have to do is not have an erection during that time. I will
rely entirely on the reports by Miss Portland and Mr Stewart".

With that, Nurse Jeffries again left the room.

Miss Portland re-positioned herself between the prisoner's legs and resumed her
gentle but firm contact with his penis. This time she hitched up her uniform
skirt and spread her knees so that they made contact with the insides of the
male's thighs thus giving the victim a glimpse of her panty crotch.

It took a little longer this time to calm the shaking male, but eventually the
organ submitted and started to enlarge once more, despite his efforts to remain
flaccid. It didn't help his resolve when she moved her knees to run her gloved
hands up and down his soft thighs or when she gently cupped the testicles
murmuring words of sarcastic pity. By the time the door opened yet again, he was
rock hard.

Instead of taking her seat on the stool, the Nurse went to her equipment bench
and picked up what looked to Stewart like a quarter sized tennis racquet.
Instead of being strung with some form of gut however, this had a fine mesh of
what looked like thin wires. It was, she explained, a punishment device that had
been adapted from an electronic fly swatter and had just been given to her for
evaluation. She demonstrated the small button that, when pressed, charged the
mesh and then invited Stewart to move his palm towards the surface.

There was a loud "crack" and Stewart jumped in surprise at both the sound and
the sharp sting. It was like being hit with an air gun pellet, such was the
force, but when he checked his palm there was only a small red spot where the
device had earthed.

The nurse did not offer the prisoner any courtesy of explanation; she simply
took her seat, lifted the deflating penis clear, charged the device and lifted
it towards his left dangling bulb.

It was about five inches below the target when it earthed, helped perhaps by the
sweat that was dripping off the male prisoner. The prisoner lurched in his
straps and groaned through his clenched teeth. Nurse Jeffries allowed no time
for him to recover before charging the electric paddle again and closing in on
his other testicle.

By now the male had real fear showing in his eyes as it became even more
apparent that these young females could and would hurt him as much as they felt
necessary. There was another "crack" as the device discharged into the other
dangling testicle. Again he struggled in his straps in the ridiculous hope that
he could escape further pain.

Instead of standing up and departing for a further ten minutes, the young nurse
then simply handed the electric paddle to Miss Portland who handed back the
original device. The prisoner's jaw dropped open as he realised that the
electric shocks had been merely an amusing demonstration and that the real
punishment was about to continue. Nurse Jeffries took careful aim to his left
bulb and hit it firmly with the padded swatter. Despite the male's constant
struggle she hit the spot she aimed for and then gave the other hanging testicle
a firm backhander with the same face of the implement.

As the Nurse stood, Miss Portland leapt back on to the stool and started her
tantalising attentions to the poor wretches penis. She realised that she would
have a difficult task to get him fully erect and offending before the nurse
returned and didn't want to allow any further assaults on his agonised testicles
to be avoided.

The Nurse half turned to Stewart:

"Oh yes, Mr Stewart, I forgot to mention, Miss Farrow said that she wanted you
to report to her some time ago. Sorry that I forgot to mention it...hope that it
won't get you into trouble".

With a provocative smile she departed and Stewart, having collected his thoughts
left the hapless male to the uncertain mercies of Miss Portland and followed her
out of the door.

As he hurried towards Miss Farrow's office, his confidence that as an officer he
had no need to be overly concerned in being late, started to evaporate. He
remembered how she had kept him at arms length in not telling him to use her
first name. At the very least he was in for a dressing down.

He knocked on the door and was summoned to enter. He found a furious Chief
Wardress sitting behind her desk and knew instinctively that he was in trouble.

To be continued.

Any comments, particularly giving the female perspective, would be appreciated
to the author's email address.



The Prisoner  
Chapter 50.  
Stewart knocked nervously at the door to Chief Wardress Farrow's office,
  his newfound confidence rapidly evaporating. The order to enter was immediately
  and he came to attention in front of her desk. A sinking feeling in his stomach
  told him that he was about to find out why she had deliberately remained aloof
  and unfriendly in the dealings that she had had with him so far.  
She was flushed and furious:  
"Where in the hell have you been Stewart? I sent for you hours ago!"  
He tried to ignore the sudden change from addressing him by his first name
  to the formal surname usually reserved for the prisoners. He tried to explain
  how the message had failed to reach him because of someone else's forgetfulness
  rather than his own intent, but from Miss Farrow's expression, he had failed
  to get himself off her particular hook. Having not received any encouragement
  to relax, he remained rigidly at attention.  
" You have officer status, but just remember that in my book you are still
  a prisoner. If I give an order I expect that you will obey it without question &hellip;immediately.
  You may not realise it but all probationary officers who are ex-cons are still
  subject to punishment by the senior staff until their positions are confirmed,
  and yours is far from being that. I could send you to the Lady Governor on
  a formal charge but it might well affect your future career in this Service.
  On the other hand I cannot let your slackness go unpunished".  
She leant back in her chair, staring at him in his discomfort. Then continued:  
" You are more than aware how prisoners are offered an unofficial punishment
  so that their records are kept clean. Would you prefer one of those from me?"  
Knowing that he had no real option and that the last thing he wanted was
  to be downed to prisoner status, he muttered his words of acceptance, effectively
  placing himself in the Senior Wardresses hands for whatever she though appropriate.  
At last her attitude towards him eased as she allowed a frosty smile to crease
  her plain face. She made a telephone call to a colleague mentioning the use
  of one of the punishment rooms, and on being told that it was free, stood up
  and went over to a drawer in a filing cabinet.  
Stewart risked relaxing enough to take a sideways look as she retrieved what
  seemed to be a short whip. What puzzled him was that the plaited leather handle
  thinned into what should have been a long and cruel whip, but seemed instead
  to have been shortened and tied into a round heavy knot at the very end of
  a two-foot lash.  
"I really don't like using this device on my staff as I believe that it is
  a real bitch to take. However, when I need to punish without leaving visible
  markings, I find it very effective. It would not do for one of the staff to
  display heavy marks from say a cane when they might find themselves stripped
  in the presence of one of the inmates, it would not do at all! You will be
  the first male that has felt it but I doubt that you will be any less sensitive
  than the young female probationers that have had it applied".  
Stewart was now more than nervous, as he could not even guess to what part
  of the body such a whip could be applied. Knowing that he would soon find out
  he followed her down a series of corridors to one of the centres many punishment
  rooms.  
They entered and she made a point of turning the pointer on the outside to "engaged" before
  she slammed the heavy door and locked it firmly against any intruder. As usual,
  the room was large, airy and well lit with numerous items of equipment for
  presenting and displaying its reluctant occupants. She turned to Stewart and
  handed the whip to him for inspection.  
" You may well look puzzled Stewart, but once you feel it you will look somewhat
  more frightened if I have to hand it to you again, not one of the female officers
  has ever come back for a second application. It's called an anus whip. As it
  happens you will be the first male to receive it so I will be interested in
  watching your reactions."  
Suddenly its use became obvious. Stewart held the tight knotted end and easily
  visualised the way it would have come down hard on the unprotected anus of
  one of the young females&hellip;and then&hellip;with a feeling of impending
  doom, thought of how it would come down on his own.  
"The application will require both your acceptance and co-operation. You
  will lie on the ground, feet wide apart. I will then stand astride you and,
  having ordered you to use your hands and part your buttocks&hellip;I will apply
  the end to your anus. So, first of all&hellip;Strip!"  
Stewart found himself rapidly assuming his old prisoner status as he automatically
  removed his clothes and stood before the wardress in the present position.
  Whatever was going to happen and however painful it might be, there was nothing
  further that he could do to alleviate his situation. It would just have to
  be endured.  
Miss Farrow donned a pair of heavy rubber gloves and removed a sterile cloth
  from a container. She ordered Stewart to bend over and vigorously wiped his
  anal cleft with the cold wet material. He was then told to lie face down on
  the scrubbed tile floor with his legs spread wide. She kept him waiting for
  some time as she removed her gloves and binned the cloth. Then slowly, she
  walked back to where he lay and stood with her feet either side of his head
  facing his feet.  
"Reach behind you and pull your cheeks wide apart. No matter how much this
  hurts you will keep those cheeks parted and, for your own good, don't clench
  them. I will lay on twelve strokes and if I miss the target for any reason,
  I will repeat that stroke. I will now wait for one minute for you to collect
  your thoughts."  
It seemed to Stewart to be far longer than a minute until he heard her say: "Brace
  yourself!"  
There was no whistle of the whip that would have warned him. The cruel knot
  simply hit down hard on the centre of his anus and Stewart immediately realised
  why the female staff hated it so much. Before he could draw a breath the second
  blow hit just at the top of his opening with some of the impact absorbed by
  his cleft. It was on the fourth stroke that he made the mistake of relaxing
  the grip that kept his cheeks pulled wide apart and the knot hit the obstructing
  cheeks rather than the target.  
She moved her feet closer to him so that her shoes trapped his upper arms
  against his body.  
"DO NOT TRY TO PROTECT YOURSELF!" snapped Miss Farrow. "I will lay that on
  again&hellip;now spread yourself".  
The next hit the lower edge of the anal ring and impacted mainly on his perineum.
  He lay there gasping hoping that his scrotum and its sensitive contents were
  well clear, then pondering how a female in his position would feel given the
  proximity of her labia to the impact point.  
It had hurt nearly as much as a stroke that would have been accepted by the
  wardress, so logically Stewart had little to loose by pulling his cheeks apart
  and baring his sensitive anus to the knot. Even so it took all his willpower
  to expose himself.  
But somehow he did as over and over again the knot was brought silently down
  into his crotch and against his ever more sensitive opening. By the time the
  twelve strokes, the twelve acceptable strokes that is as three more were disallowed,
  had hit him he was feeling slightly sick with the pain. It was with some difficulty
  that he got to his feet when ordered and back to the present position. Still
  holding the anus whip Miss Farrow cupped his testicles and deflated penis in
  an almost gentle grip.  
"It certainly prevents an erection," she smiled, "and I can't imagine any
  of my lady officers getting excited during the whipping".  
She then cupped and lifted the testicles more firmly as if assessing their
  weight before ordering him to get dressed. After he had done so he was invited
  to take a seat in front of her desk, which he did somewhat carefully. Miss
  Farrow grinned broadly at his discomfort.  
"Well, I did mention that none of my lady officers has ever come back for
  a second dose and I doubt that you will! Anyhow, that was well taken and we
  can now move on to the reason for me wanting to see you. I have decided that
  you should have your own squad of prisoners so that we can assess how well
  you control them."  
Stewart was shaken by the news, he had been hoping to achieve such a position
  eventually but was amazed and not a little shocked by the speed at which the
  event had occurred. He did his best to appear nonchalant as the Senior Wardress
  continued:  
"You will take them over at 6pm tomorrow evening so that will give you only
  a day to prepare yourself. You will need to check out the new barrack block
  that will house them, making any modifications that you think is necessary
  and draw up a list of the furniture that you want for the punishment room.
  Naturally, there is a standard set of benches, frames etc but I am sure that
  you will want to modify them or indeed change them for others that are in the
  brochure. Needless to say, your powers of punishment will be limited to three
  with the strap&hellip;but if you call in more senior help you will need to
  be able to present and restrain your charges. You will also have to get yourself
  down to the clothing store to decide on the details of the uniform that they
  will wear. You will find that we allow a wide discretion on the underwear and
  other personal items so that the squad wardress, or warder in your case, can "personalise" them
  to your own tastes. As regards hair styles and whether body shaving is permitted&hellip;well,
  that can wait until you meet them for the first time."  
A somewhat shaken Stewart was about to leave when&hellip; a further bombshell
  was thrown at him:  
"I noticed that you seem to be walking around with your balls dragging on
  the ground, no doubt as a result of your recent celibacy. Just remember that
  it is not Centre policy for any staff member to have relations with a member
  of their own squad. To remove any possible temptation in that area I have ordered
  that one of the other female prisoners be sent to your quarters tonight for "personal
  services" at seven pm. She has volunteered for the duty to try to improve her
  conduct record and is well aware that she must accept whatever you feel like
  doing to her&hellip;even so&hellip;don't hesitate to send her down to the guardroom
  for an "unofficial" if she lacks enthusiasm. I have found that sometimes two
  visits are required before the prisoner really joins in with the fun! She is
  down for a formal punishment this afternoon in front of the Governor so hopefully
  she should arrive at your place in the right frame of mind".  
It was a rather buoyant Stewart that skipped through his lunch and found
  his way to the Centre uniform store, only too well aware of his first visit
  to such an establishment when he was first a prisoner. He was met by one of
  the civilian staff who introduced herself as Cecile. Aged around the mid twenties
  she was one of the many rather dull and dowdy females who provided the administrative
  backing for the operational staff.  
She took him into the main clothing store where there were two female prisoners
  stacking various items on the shelves. They both glanced nervously in Stewart's
  direction as they busied themselves. A faint smell of new and washed clothing
  hung in the cool damp air.  
Cecile explained to Stewart that the basic schoolgirl uniforms were standard
  issue but that he had a choice over the tie, the cut of the shirt and the length
  of the pleated skirt showing him examples. After some thought he decided on
  the striped tie, a tailored shirt that would hug the waist and accentuate any
  breasts that the prisoner had. Finally, he chose the shortest of the skirt
  lengths on option.  
Underwear however, would be a more difficult choice. His basic decision would
  be between dressing them in a very formal and old-fashioned style with thick
  stockings, a large suspender belt and voluminous knickers as worn by schoolgirls
  in the early part of the last century. The brassieres would then be taken from
  the range of heavy old-fashioned styles that would almost cover the breasts
  of even the larger females. Cecile explained that the younger wardresses sometimes
  chose this frumpy retro-style to contrast against the more feminine underwear
  that they wore themselves.  
At the other end of the scale were thin black nylon stockings with matching
  lightweight suspender belts, brassieres and panties. The latter items could
  be flimsy to the point of half-cup bras and thongs.  
Having run the various items through his hands he decided upon the thin stockings
  but with a lightweight three quarter cup bra and bikini panties that were cut
  away at the rear leaving much of the buttocks exposed. This would be his squads "parade" dress
  but naturally they would also be issued with the thongs and quarter-cup bras
  for dress on social occasions in the Prison.  
Social for the staff that is.  
Cecile asked about the sizing of the articles mentioning that most squad
  leaders preferred a tight fit to both the panties and brassieres. Stewart decided
  on the tight, uncomfortable fit for the panties around the crotch with the
  bras to be the normal chest size but one-cup size lower to accentuate the breasts.
  The nightwear he chose was a short cotton top held up by tapes across the shoulders
  from front to rear that could be undone with one tug. He selected a small style
  of bikini panties that would be worn in bed rather than allow them to sleep
  with bare bottoms.  
Cecile then told one of the girls to bring the box marked "Underwear-Disciplinary" over
  to their side of the room. She nervously placed it in front of the staff member
  and retreated. The contents were tipped on to the table and Cecile explained
  their use.  
"Sooner or later you will need to put one of the squad into an under strap,
  punishment bra or some other item of restrictive wear&hellip;so we had better
  make sure that you have sufficient. I would advise that you keep at least one
  of each on display in your office so that the prisoners realise that they are
  available to you. Here is the new version of the under strap, you can see how
  they have made the knots on the thong totally moveable&hellip;they slide up
  and down the with these little metal beads that lock in place when they are
  released saving all that fiddly tying and untying the knot to adjust it for
  maximum effect".  
Stewart held one of the nasty little knots and saw just how easy it was to
  adjust its position. It was certainly an improvement and would enable him to
  really centre the irritating lump of leather on the most sensitive parts. The
  girl could then waddle as much as she liked and it would still be felt.  
The bra, explained Cecile, was of a new style that a Miss Finch had recently
  been to demonstrate. Stewart remembered the lady only too well and how she
  had demonstrated her goods on the prisoners. He made a mental note to meet
  her on her next visit and picked the garment up.  
It seemed to be a normal white bra apart from the absence of cups and their
  replacement with leather thongs. Try as he might he couldn't fathom how it
  fitted but Cecile quickly came to his help.  
"You girl!" she snapped to one of the prisoners, "Get yourself over here".  
The girl, or woman, was in her mid thirties. Of average height she was a
  little plump and certainly her breasts noticeably thrust forward under her
  uniform shirt. It took only one brief order before she had stripped off her
  tie, blouse and bra and stood before them at the present, her large floppy
  breasts hanging down her chest and with an expression of fear on her face that
  Stewart found almost appealing.  
The supervisor quickly fitted the brassiere device on to the girl and, with
  her obliged to lean forward at ninety degrees from the waist, started pulling
  tightening the various thongs ignoring the gasps from her model. When she again
  ordered her to the present her breasts were now encased in tight circles of
  leather thongs that dug deep and forced the globes into a cone shape leaving
  just the nipple exposed.  
"It is certainly tight and uncomfortable," the supervisor remarked, "but
  it really starts to have an effect when the girl bounces around in a gym. These
  thongs really chafe it would seem. Mind you, it is rarely fitted, as it's easier
  for the staff to simply award a breast demerit for any offences that would
  warrant use of the punishment bra. Anyhow, this one can remain in the bra until
  the end of the day-it won't do her any harm".  
Other selections were offered to Stewart such as the modified modesty strap
  that he had seen Miss Finch demonstrate. This was still the thin stiff strip
  of material that was supposed to offer the female some protection to her modesty
  when she was splayed on a horse for a thrashing. The two probes that entered
  the vagina and the anus had been changed; the former now was thicker and ribbed
  to provide some grip to keep it in place and the anal probe had been produced
  with uncomfortable plastic spikes around the shaft to discourage clenching
  during any punishments. Even he was impressed with the effort that went into
  keeping the centre equipment up to date.  
He was just about to leave when Cecile leant towards him and lifted his punishment
  strap clear of his belt clip.  
"Mmm, one of the new ones I see, how about if I did you a real favour and
  swapped it for one that has just been handed in? One of our squad wardresses
  has just been promoted and therefore gets a heavier grade strap to use. She
  had it unofficially modified with a little more weight stitched into the tongues.
  She mentioned that it was a real bitch to take and how it had really helped
  her to maintain discipline and helped her to get the promotion. Why don't you
  try it out on one of these females? I can always say that she has been slacking," she
  said with a nod in the direction of the tall, slim twenty year old.  
Within seconds the prisoner was lying across the top of the counter with
  her legs hanging down and hands gripping the far edge. The supervisor quickly
  raised her skirt and pulled the panties down to her knees revealing a slim
  pair of buttocks heavily bruised from an earlier correction.  
"Give her two good ones with each strap and watch the reaction." Came the
  advice.  
Stewart did.  
There was no doubt. Even though the strokes did not overlap, the victim lurched
  appreciably higher when the well-oiled replacement strap landed. Stewart knew
  that it was unnecessary to make any allowance for the tenderness of the girl's
  backside, as that would be the same for both straps. He had a formidable piece
  of leather now that could only help to maintain order and discipline.  
Having placed his orders and arranged for the squad to spend the next morning
  in the stores being kitted out, Stewart walked over to the newly constructed
  wing where his squad would be accommodated. He was greeted by the smell of
  fresh paint as he first looked over what would be his office.  
Everything was in place as he expected it would be. He only had to ask for
  a few small modifications such as a row of clothes hooks to be placed along
  one wall and a smaller stool to be placed in front of the desk.  
The bare and functional room that served as a dormitory had already been
  equipped with six beds on either side of the room. The floor was wooden and
  still dusty from the construction. It would soon be brought to a high polish
  with the efforts of the prisoners thought Stewart. In between the beds were
  a small chest for underwear etc and a wardrobe that would hold their uniform
  items, shoes PT kit etc. A bag for their dirty laundry hung to one side. There
  was no need to provide any space for personal items, as they were not allowed
  even the smallest luxury. He made a note for a small hook to be placed on the
  bottom rail of the bed for their night panties to be kept during the daytime.  
The adjoining toilet block was complete. There were four toilet stalls, four
  Asian floor toilets and four double showers. Naturally, no doors were installed
  in the toilets and no screens for the showers following the Centre policy of
  not affording the inmates the slightest amount of privacy. He made a mental
  note to patrol the area first thing in the morning after the girls' first night
  to emphasise their vulnerability. He examined one of the rolls of toilet paper
  hanging in one of the stalls and noted that it was the cheapest type available
  and rather coarse to the touch. He must ensure that they were reminded that
  the paper would be strictly rationed along with soap, washing powder deodorants
  and other essentials. As he was in charge of the budget this would be just
  one way that he could cut costs whilst making the prisoners life even more
  unpleasant.  
Two prisoners carried in what seemed to be a large wooden high chair of adult
  dimensions. This was placed next to a wall under a bright ceiling light. He
  noted the cut away seat and widely spread foot rests almost at the level of
  the seat itself. A young wardress then entered who was obviously there to supervise.
  Noticing his interest she murmured, out of the hearing of her charges that
  it was a shaving stool that gave access to a seated female when pubic and anal
  hair needed to be removed. Yet another decision to be made thought Stewart
  having been reminded how it would be up to him to decide what if any body hair
  his squad would be permitted.  
The punishment room was a scene of frantic effort as a work squad of females
  unloaded the items from a lorry and placed them in the room under the continuing
  orders of the young officer. Stewart either recognised each item from his own
  experiences as the occupant or could work out their purpose with a little thought.
  One low wide bench upholstered in a plastic material had him foxed and the
  wardress seeing his puzzlement again wandered over with a warm smile.  
"It's a new idea so you may not have seen one yet," she said, "you know that
  the basic intent is to humiliate them as well as hurt them in here&hellip;well&hellip;they
  have to lie along this bench with the lower part of their legs and feet hanging
  either side. Because it is so wide, it really splays them and everything is
  on show. Then when the cane is used, it has to be one buttock at a time and
  the rod will land along almost the entire thigh. The plastic covering is better
  than leather in case of any&hellip;well&hellip;little accidents when the prisoner
  might lose control. Remember, they will have not just the pain to cope with
  but they will hardly be in a position to clench their thighs together".  
She called one of the work parties over, a heavily built blonde in her late
  twenties and told her to mount the bench. Stewart looked down at her as she
  struggled to position herself wondering if this could possibly be the one who
  would be reporting to him that evening, then snapped his mind back to the present
  as the wardress leant over the girl and flicked the back of her skirt up over
  her waist.  
It only took a little imagination looking at the tight panties to appreciate
  what would be on display if they were removed. The thighs were pulled so wide
  that the crotch was stretched to the maximum with a wide area of pubic hair
  exposed either side of the material.  
"With a support under her waist to lift her stomach clear of the bench, this
  will also present a prisoner for a crotch punishment. Even the tightest ones
  will have to display some "pink"." She added with a grin.  
There then followed a few suggestions as regards the layout and equipment
  that Stewart was grateful for. He wanted the room to create a terrible sinking
  feeling in the stomachs of any prisoner that entered and the your wardresses
  ideas would certainly help.  
By the time he had concluded the inspection and ordered the changes he required,
  it was time for the early sitting in the staff restaurant. He wanted to be
  ready for the prisoner's arrival at his room at seven and certainly didn't
  want to interrupt the evening for a meal break. What eating arrangements the
  prisoner needed or had made were not his concern but he doubted that she would
  have much of an appetite following a formal punishment that Miss Farrow had
  mentioned. He then found that he had little appetite himself and he was reluctant
  to sit making conversation with the other staff with his mind was on what was
  to happen later.  
A lady wardress however soon had his attention:  
"I believe, Dave, that you are getting the services of one of my squad this
  evening, I do hope that she will be satisfactory. I'm afraid that she is one
  of those stuck-up little bitches who hasn't done herself any favours with the
  staff here. I won't spoil your fun by telling you about the formal she received
  this afternoon but I do hope it knocks some of the overbearing pride and superiority
  out of her".  
And one of the policewomen joined in the conversation:  
"I'm on duty in the guardroom until midnight so if you want to send her down
  for an unofficial&hellip;... On the other hand, we have several staff on duty
  so you could give me a 'phone call and I can drop round with the paperwork
  and something that we can encourage her with&hellip;in fact that might be a
  lot more effective as there will be no witnesses in your apartment&hellip;and
  don't worry, I don't shock easily and can keep my mouth shut."  
Stewart lost no time in thanking the officer for her offer and promised that
  he would no doubt be in touch later. Somehow he managed to finish his meal
  and departed.  
It was just after seven when he reached his accommodation and hurried up
  the stairs. As he looked down the corridor he saw a prisoner with flame red
  hair in a ponytail standing outside his door. She was dressed in the standard
  school uniform but with an unusually long skirt and what seemed to be thick
  stockings. As he got closer she snapped to attention staring straight ahead,
  wondering no doubt whether he was the staff member who lived in the room and
  would be in charge of her for the evening. Stewart ignored her completely and
  even walked past her, sensing her relief that the time had not yet come.  
He then stopped, turned abruptly and stared at her intently.  
A look of panic came over her pale freckled face as she smartly curtsied
  to him, resumed the attention and spoke:  
"Prisoner 963 Millard-Stokes reporting for personal duty&hellip;err&hellip; Sir!"  
Her voice was that of a well-educated young lady from a privileged background.
  She appeared to be in her early twenties and stood around five foot seven inches
  tall with a round pleasant face with large green eyes. She looked a little
  heavy around the hips and had a noticeably large bust. Her legs, as far as
  he could see were sturdy rather than slim.  
She was visibly shaking and felt wretchedly apprehensive with a myriad of
  thoughts rushing through her mind: No one had told her that she would be under
  the control of a male officer tonight and she had wasted valuable time trying
  to come to grips with the concept of being a personal servant to a lady officer.
  It had seemed almost acceptable after she had thought the situation through
  and allowed her mind to consider what the consequences of any reluctance would
  be. She had after all, a little experience of other females at her girl's boarding
  school, but having a male in charge of her was far more terrifying. Since leaving
  the all girl environment and with no need to have a proper job, she had spent
  most of her time working at her friends riding stables. Apart from one boyfriend
  that lasted only a few weeks, she had found little time to socialise with males.  
She looked into the officer's eyes and could only see a hard dispassionate
  man who would tolerate no reluctance on her part and offer no kindness or compassion.
  He was well built with a good body but not one that she could feel any yearning
  for in the present situation. She wondered what he would want of her and whether
  he would make any allowances for her inexperience- but then instinctively knew
  that he would not. She knew the things the female staff ordered prisoners to
  do and knew that the male version was likely to be even more inventive and
  intrusive. It was bad enough having to strip in front of a wardress&hellip;but
  would this man make her parade in front of him? Would he want her for just
  sex or would he be as sadistic as some of the female staff members and look
  for excuses to inflict pain? If he did, how could she cope after the punishment
  they gave her this afternoon?  
Stewart continued to stare at the girl, running his eyes up and down her
  without any attempt to help her embarrassment. So this was to be his first
  real prisoner, to do with virtually as he pleased. She had been undergoing
  a formal punishment whilst he was checking on the new accommodation so she
  was probably still more than a little tender and, hopefully, reluctant to commit
  any further infractions of the Centre rules.  
But there were always errors to be noted and corrected no matter how hard
  she tried.  
He would certainly use her for sexual relief&hellip;but only when he had
  asserted his authority on her in every way that he could think of. It was reassuring
  for him to remember that she was just a 'phone call away from a caning-whether
  she deserved it or not. It was going to be a long night for him and an unbelievably
  longer night for her.  
He opened his door and with a curt flick of his head towards the opening
  he gave her the first of many orders for the evening.  
"Move yourself girl!"  
To be continued?  
Following this change of direction, could this be an opportune time to end
  the account of Stewarts life in the Correctional Centre?  
Or would readers like more?  
Chapter 51   
Dave Stewart's deep sleep was suddenly disturbed. It was one of the female
  prisoners bursting into his bedroom to attend to her cleaning duties. He glanced
  at his bedside clock and noted that it was nearly ten am so it was hardly the
  girl's fault; he should have been up and about. Never the less he could not
  afford the slightest error to go unchecked so demanded her name from his bed.  
"Court Sir" she responded.  
"I will deal with this stupidity later Court. Now get out!"  
The crest-fallen girl departed as he eased himself out of bed and looked
  around the somewhat untidy room remembering the events of the previous night
  with a surge of pleasure. He attended to his immediate needs in the bathroom
  with his shower running and awaiting his presence. Standing under the hot spray
  soaping himself thoroughly, he went over the evening in his mind.  
The other staff had been right about the girl's high opinion of herself.
  When he had her standing in front of him as he sprawled in a comfortable armchair
  she seemed nervous but still possessed of a sense of self-importance. He realised,
  looking at the style of her uniform, that she was from a squad that were dressed
  in the style of the nineteen-thirties with old-fashioned skirts, stockings
  and no doubt, personal underwear. It would be fun unwrapping this parcel he
  thought, then realised that if he wished, it could unwrap itself.  
He decided to run over a few basic rules, so having corrected a few points
  about her attention position making her brace her shoulders back a little more
  and force her hands further down her side, he spoke:  
"I understand that you have volunteered for personal duties with me tonight.
  Are you aware that this means that I can do with you whatever I want for as
  long as I want, that you have to obey my every order and carry out any task
  that I give you and that any refusal on your part can result in a formal punishment
  for disobedience? I understand that you have just received a "formal"?"  
Millard Stokes nodded and muttered her acknowledgement.  
"And are you aware that I can use you sexually in any way that I require
  or have you perform any sexual act on me that I feel like?"  
The prisoner blushed deep red, hesitated and then stammered:  
"Y-y-yes Sir, but I thought that you would j-j-just want me to allow you
  to have intercourse with me. I don't really want to do&hellip;"  
Stewart leapt to his feet in controlled fury.  
"&hellip;Allow&hellip;.don't want&hellip;. what in the hell do you think
  this place is Millard-Stokes, an up-market introduction service? You are a
  prisoner with no rights, a prisoner who will do as I direct&hellip;without
  any hesitation&hellip;is that clear?"  
Still blushing a red almost as vivid as her hair, she nodded in agreement.  
Stewart stood and slowly circled the girl taking in her sturdy build with
  slightly heavy hips and pronounced breasts. He noticed that her shirt was made
  from a heavier material than the norm, no doubt in the 1930's style that her
  squad leader required. There was a strange smell of antiseptic about her that
  he realised probably came from a pre-punishment application of the fluid. He
  reached down with both hands and grabbed her buttock cheeks firmly.  
He was surprised at the girl's self control. Bearing in mind her earlier
  correction he expected them to be tender to the touch let alone a squeeze but
  she hardly flinched. He renewed his grip and dug his nails into the soft flesh
  without any real reaction. Perhaps, he thought to himself, the formal punishments
  in this Centre are mild in comparison to his last place.  
Moving round to her front he brought his hand up to her chest but before
  he could make contact, she moved back out of his reach with her face screwed
  up in an attempt to avoid contact. A quick flick with his fingertips across
  each covered and protected breast evoked a gasp of discomfort that was out
  of all proportion with the force of his hand.  
Suddenly Stewart realised the mistake that he had made. Her punishment had
  not been to her buttocks, but somewhere else. He smiled and asked her to describe
  her earlier discipline.  
"I collected three BRD's Sir, s-so I had to have a b-breast caning".  
He learnt that even though it had been her first Breast Related Punishment,
  following a recommendation from her squad leader, the Lady Governor had decided
  to be more severe than she would normally be. It would seem that the use of
  a martinet type thongs had not been approved in this establishment and they
  still used the crueller thin plastic rod. She had been sentenced to fifteen
  strokes across each one.  
As with other Centres, the wardress inflicting the punishment had been stripped
  to the waist so that her own bare breasts emphasised the femininity of the
  occasion. Once she was standing stripped to the waist and secured in the special
  frame, each of the prisoner's breasts had taken five on the upper surface and
  five on the lower with the breast held high by a wardress wearing sturdy protective
  gloves so that she could grip the nipples without risk to herself. Finally
  five strokes were laid across the nipple and areola.  
Stewart realised that he now knew one of the cracks in the girl's protective
  shell that he could use to deflate her ego. The punishment that she had just
  received was designed to cause her discomfort without any permanent damage
  and it was the sheer indignity of having to accept that your breasts could
  be punished that provided the true value in the scale of things in the Correctional
  Centre.  
 He thought that the time had come to take a good look at his prisoner and
  started by telling her to take up the present position. He emphasised that
  after every order she should resume that well braced, feet apart position so
  that he could enjoy an uninterrupted view of her.  
He ordered her to remove her tie.  
Then to unbutton her uniform shirtfront, pulling the tails clear of her waistband
  so that a tantalising glimpse of her heavy old-fashioned vest could be seen.
  Almost all of her generous breasts were restrictively covered but a small area
  of flesh could be seen and there was a thin red line across the top of each
  breast. On his next order she removed the uniform shirt and handed it to him.  
He found that the material was of a heavy cotton type, tailored slightly
  to fit the bust area and designed to keep a schoolgirl warm in the freezing
  school of nineteen-thirties England. Even without the other garments it would
  be far too thick to wear, with comfort, in this modern centrally heated Centre.
  As she snapped back to the present position her squad leaders obsession with
  old-fashioned styles became even more apparent. Great bushes of gingery-red
  underarm hair sprang into view that had obviously not been trimmed let alone
  shaved for months. Stewart accepted that it was entirely at the squad leaders
  discretion what the prisoners wore and whether they were allowed to shave,
  use deodorants make-up etc. Here was a leader who had found yet another way
  of guaranteeing that the females in her charge would feel humiliated just by
  undressing, let alone whenever they were required to exert themselves.  
He had her turn slowly around so that he could assess her from all angles.
  When she was facing him he told her to raise her skirt at the front, to above
  her waist.  
She leant down to the low hem and reluctantly lifted it revealing a pair
  of regulation green school knickers with elasticised waist and tops that gripped
  her thighs tightly. The straps of a suspender belt hung down from the inside
  of the garment's legs and clipped to the thick tops of two dark green stockings
  leaving a three inch gap displaying bare white flesh. The stockings were again
  of the type that he would expect to find in a museum of dress for the first
  half of the last century and must be irritating to her soft skin, especially
  when she was at all warm.  
Having allowed her to drop her skirt Stewart thought that the time had come
  to get down to the business in hand. He stood up and removed his uniform jacket
  then pointed to his trousers.  
"Well girl, this is where you fulfil your agreement. I require you to demonstrate
  your abilities with oral sex. Kneel upright on the floor, extract my penis
  and go to it."  
A look of both horror and disgust came over the girl's face as she knelt
  down in front of him. She slowly reached up and slid down his zip, only too
  aware of the bulge behind it. With some difficulty she manoeuvred his swollen
  organ clear of his underwear until it stood rigidly pointing at her face. She
  held it with both hands staring at the end as if mesmerised.  
"P-please S-sir&hellip;I just can't do it&hellip;can I do something else
  instead?"  
Stewart spoke with an icy detachment in his voice.  
"Millard-Stokes, you have been given an order now follow it, this will be
  your last warning."  
The girl continued to stare alternately at his face then his penis, but she
  made no attempt to comply with his order. Stewart made no attempt to cover
  himself as he walked over the telephone. The girls overheard him expressing
  regret but asking for someone's presence in the room to help him with a problem
  prisoner. The conversation was short.  
It took just a few minutes during which the girl was obliged to remain kneeling
  in front of Stewart, before a loud knock was heard at the door. She was facing
  away from it and dared not turn as Stewart covered himself then greeted and
  allowed the visitor in. She heard a female's voice:  
"Well, Mr Stewart, I did warn you that this prisoner had a reputation for
  self-importance, I presume that she has refused an order .I think that I may
  well be able to help her over this psychological hurdle".  
She was told to stand and to turn around. Facing her was one of the Centre
  policewomen, a tall slim female with her hair in a ponytail knotted behind
  her uniform hat. Her face was rather angular with a large pointed nose and
  her eyes almost cat-like in shape. She gave the appearance of someone who spent
  much of her waking hours searching for errors amongst her charges, and finding
  them. Her nametag displayed her name as Rathbone, a name that Millard-Stokes
  had heard of from the girls who had had the misfortune to meet her. Under her
  left arm she had one of the punishment books that would soon, no doubt, contain
  Millard-Stokes name. In her left hand were clutched two long springy canes.  
"I understand girl that you have just disobeyed a direct order from a member
  of staff. It is immaterial to me what that order was; so don't get any girlie
  ideas that I will support you in any way. The only choice I will now give you
  is between your being sent for a formal punishment, and with your record I
  would not advise that, and your accepting an unofficial that doesn't appear
  on your paperwork&hellip;Well girl&hellip;which is it to be?"  
The girl stared at the floor, knowing that she had but one choice, and muttered
  her acceptance. The paper work completed she was effectively at the mercy of
  this other female who would not hesitate to impose her authority.  
"I don't wish to interrupt your evening in any way Mr Stewart, but this girl
  is hardly dressed for punishment, and I have no intention to lay the cane on
  over those voluminous knickers as she would hardly feel a thing. With your
  permission I will have her prepare herself".  
Stewart muttered his consent and sat back in his armchair to observe the
  policewoman in action.  
Firstly she had the still blushing prisoner remove her thick long skirt and
  vest, commenting that the style of dress chosen by her squad leader was certainly
  effective in humiliating the girls and making them feel inferior. They were,
  it would seem, extremely hot and itchy to wear particularly when carrying out
  heavy duties such as marching drill and as the leader didn't believe in them
  using deodorants, hardly pleasant for the staff who had need to access their
  intimate regions.  
She handed Stewart the vest so that he could feel the perspiration dampness
  for himself. He looked the girl over as she resumed the present position. The
  heavy white support bra was now fully displayed. Her legs were covered in thick
  green stockings made of a coarse woollen material that required sturdy suspender
  clips to hold them up. The girl's skin was the whitest that Stewart had seen
  so far in the system. Perhaps her flame red hair made it contrast even more
  he mused.  
When she was told to remove her brassiere, she stood frozen to the spot staring
  at Stewart.  
"One of the problems we find with this old-fashioned dress style," Police
  Officer Rathbone remarked, "Is that the girls who wear it become unusually
  modest about their bodies, almost as if they had lived in the 1930's themselves".
  Even so, bearing in mind that she has already had one breast punishment today&hellip;"  
Suddenly, catching Stewart by surprise, the young policewoman suddenly slapped
  both breasts with her right palm and backhand. The prisoner instinctively brought
  her hands down from behind her head to protect them, realising the enormity
  of her error as she did so. She immediately put her hands back in place with
  just her face showing the pain that the slaps had caused to her overly sensitive
  breasts.  
Coldly and dispassionately Miss Rathbone spoke:  
"You have just earned yourself two BRD's for that little display girl. One
  for refusing to remove your bra and the second for trying to protect your breasts
  from my very reasonable slaps. Unless you want to be visiting the main punishment
  room for some more breast caning, you had better strip off that bra&hellip;NOW!"  
Almost in a panic, Millard-Stokes reached behind her back, unclasped the
  broad back clips and leant forward to slip the garment free of her shoulders.
  As her large firm breasts came into view Stewart found himself staring at the
  pure whiteness of her skin and how it contrasted with the evil set of lines
  that ran across each globe. The large pink nipples were inflamed and swollen
  from their contact with the cane and given the firmness of the breasts, he
  could even make out two of the lines that crossed their tender undersides.
  No wonder she had reacted to the slightest touch.  
It would have been easy for the policewoman to move immediately on to the
  caning, but that was not her style. The prisoner had challenged her authority
  in trying to protect herself against having her breasts slapped and that would
  have to be dealt with first.  
"I am going to repeat the breast-slaps that you tried to avoid girl. You
  will remain rigidly at the present with your eyes open&hellip;is that understood?"  
Millard-Stokes eyes were indeed open, wide open as she absorbed the policewoman's
  words. She did not need to be told what would happen if she resisted again.
  She braced even harder into the present position&hellip;and gritted her teeth.  
The policewoman stood directly in front of the prisoner and brought her right
  hand slowly back behind her shoulder. She brought it quickly down to slap into
  the outer side of the left breast with a loud wet sound of impact. Before the
  girl could show any reaction, the same hand returned on the back swing.  
It was unfair and unkind. Miss Rathbone deliberately brought the backs of
  her fast moving hard fingers across the sensitised nipple area on the right
  breast in a brutal flick. Millard-Stokes grunted through gritted teeth. Her
  knees bent, her hands unclasped and she nearly brought them down to protect
  herself&hellip;but just managed to regain control.  
"Nearly lost it girlie!" snapped the policewoman with a sneer. "Mr Stewart,
  perhaps you would like to take a look at these seemingly sensitive nipples?"  
As Stewart moved to stand in front of the girl, Miss Rathbone moved to her
  rear, She grasped the girl's long pony-tail and pulled it sharply down so that
  her head was pulled down at the rear so that she had to look at him down the
  length of her nose.  
Her body was now arched to the rear and her breasts forced into even greater
  prominence. The white, almost alabaster skin was shiny with a thin layer of
  sweat and the smell of the astringent disinfectant even stronger. He cupped
  both breasts with his hands; they felt cold and slippery to his touch. He transferred
  both his gaze and his fingers to her nipple areas. Both, he reminded himself,
  had taken five strokes of the cane that afternoon.  
Holding both nipples he firmly squeezed and twisted them making the girl
  moan and flinch. He deliberately refrained from too much pressure so that the
  girl gave up all hope, as he knew that the mere prospect of a further breast
  punishment could be used to ensure her obedience, and he didn't want to consume
  that option too early in the evening. It would be far better to let her believe
  that she could hang on a little longer. He decided to move on to her punishment.  
It was the policewoman who did the organising. She carefully selected one
  of the guardroom canes and stood in front of the half naked female.  
"I now have to deal with your disobedience. Don't think that you will be
  getting off lightly because we are not in the guardroom, I will give you&hellip;lets
  see&hellip;ten strokes and I hope that you will learn your lesson girl. Take
  off your knickers and hand them to Mr Stewart."  
It took the girl some time to force down the garment as the elastic around
  the waist and both legs gripped her tightly. Eventually she handed the knickers
  to him and resumed the present position now wearing just her green stockings
  and suspender belt. The red marks around her waist and thighs stood out vividly
  and sweat drops could be seen against her white skin.  
The panties were heavy and damp to the touch. As he opened them out he could
  see the white gusset that ensured that the dark material did not obscure any
  traces of carelessness. They would certainly be uncomfortable to wear in warm
  temperatures he thought to himself.  
Miss Rathbone doubted the girl's ability to accept the punishment without
  some form of restraint so she ordered her to lie across the table and reach
  out with her hands. She placed a footstool between her legs to help keep her
  legs parted. This revealed tufts of gingery hair that protruded from between
  her buttocks and thighs. Stewart moved to the other end of the table, took
  a seat, gripped her wrists and braced himself against the edge of the table
  to hold her firmly in place. Her breasts were pressed down on to the wooden
  surface and her face was forced to look up at his. She had the usual look of
  the prisoner about to receive punishment and accepting the terrible inevitability
  of the event.  
The policewoman took her time. She removed her uniform jacket and slowly
  rolled up her sleeves. She picked up the instrument and stood to the victims
  left shuffling her uniform shoes to find a point of balance. Two practice swishes
  were taken, then with a sharp intake of breath, she brought the cane down across
  the alabaster nates.  
The impact made the girl jump slightly, but Stewart realised that this was
  simply in response to the impact. He firmed up his grip of her wrists just
  as the pain reached her brain and she responded by almost leaping off the table.
  Her eyes opened unbelievably wide and then screwed themselves shut as she absorbed
  the agony, knowing that she had no other choice. That first stroke, a real
  bitch, set the tone for the others. The young policewoman delivered each with
  brutal force and total objectivity. They continued with monotonous regularity
  with the girl first squealing in pain then simply sobbing her heart out in
  the all too short intervals between strokes. Several times she lifted off the
  table leaving a damp sheen where her breasts had been pressed down, only to
  bring them slapping back down onto the hard surface&hellip;all thought of their
  sensitivity forced from her mind by the swishing cane.  
Eventually it was over, Stewart, having cautioning her to grip the edge of
  the table with her hands and not to attempt to touch herself, wandered around
  to the her rear to inspect the results. This had been a thorough but fair punishment
  and only what the girl had deserved her thought as he ran his fingertips over
  the red swollen lines that crossed her white skin. He had to hand it to Miss
  Rathbone; each was laid squarely across the cheeks, parallel to the floor with
  a separation between them all. Both sides were equally wealed, the trademark
  of a really expert caner.  
Soon the shaking wretch was back in the present position in front of them,
  tears still running down her face. Miss Rathbone, doubling the cane between
  her hands, spoke:  
"Well girl, that has dealt with your refusal, but before I leave I want to
  be fully assured that you have learnt your lesson and will now obey any order
  that Mr Stewart gives you. With Mr Stewart's permission I will now observe
  you carrying out that order.  
The fact that she was about to stay came as rather a shock to Stewart as
  he had never considered sex to be a spectator sport, at least, not when it
  was his decision. However, having ordered Millard-Stokes to take up a position
  facing into a corner, he followed Miss Rathbone's mimed instructions and stripped
  off his clothes to stand naked. In no time the policewoman had the girl kneeling
  at his feet so that her face was at a level with his rapidly reacting penis.  
The girl was told to keep her eyes open, to use her hand to slide the foreskin
  back from the glans, gently cup his scrotum with both hands and finally to
  take the glistening and swollen head between her lips. For a first attempt,
  and following the instructions to rock her head back and fro, Stewart had to
  admit that she was doing well. So well that he had to signal Miss Rathbone
  to call a halt after just three or four minutes in case he was taken over the
  top.  
The girl was then really put through her paces. Firstly she had to kneel
  dog like on Stewart's bed with him mounting her. No consideration was given
  to fore play that would make the penetration in any way pleasurable for her;
  it was a simple case of the penis being thrust in hard to the un-lubricated
  vagina. Next she was forced to hold her breasts together so that he could force
  his penis between them. It was true that the friction surfaces were on the
  soft inner sides that had mainly escaped the cane strokes, but the necessary
  firm grip that she had to employ on the outer breasts was painful enough.  
Miss Rathbone, clearly flushed herself, then had Stewart lay on his back
  and ordered the girl to mount and ride him. It was immediately apparent that
  this position stretched the skin even tighter across her punished nates. Miss
  Rathbone tapped her across her upper breasts none too lightly with the cane
  to emphasise her order, Millard-Stokes gritting her teeth tightly together
  took up the ordered position. At first the prisoner rode well but held her
  breasts with her hands restricting their movement. Once she had been told to
  keep her hands behind her and pick up the pace, Stewart experienced not only
  the succulent grip of her tight and moving vagina, but also had the sight of
  her pure white and punished breasts bouncing and slapping each other as the
  girl engaged on her equestrian duty. The discomfort she felt from this could
  be seen in her face with tears forming and running down her cheeks.  
Just as Stewart was about to lose control, the policewoman called the girl
  to a halt and made her stand next to the bed leaving a rampant Stewart on his
  back.  
"Well, Millard-Stokes, my cane seems to have done the trick and I feel that
  I can now leave you in Mr Stewart's capable hands fully aware of your need
  to obey him."  
With a broad grin and a wink from behind the girls back, she then collected
  her equipment and let herself out. Stewart was left alone with the girl and
  feeling rather less inhibited. After a few moments pondering what he should
  do next he leant back on the bed and pointed to his erect and shining penis
  saying just one word:  
"Clean!"  
Again the blushing as she leant over him and tentatively extended her tongue
  to lick her own secretions from his member. Whether she wanted to or not, she
  knew that any disobedience for the rest of the night would result in Miss Rathbone's
  return and the consequences for here would be more than serious. Stewart then
  had her adopt the sixty-nine position so that her spread crotch was over his
  face as she worked hard with her lips, tongue and mouth in swallowing his penis
  fully. He certainly had a close up of her feminine centre. Covered in copious
  long ginger-red hair he could scent the effects of the heavy thick panties
  that she had to wear as he reached between her legs to part her labia.  
For a second she started to rebel and almost chocked on her full mouth. She
  soon got herself under control and the sucking and licking continued.  
Her inner lips were tight, but even so a well-formed clitoris could be seen
  nestling between their protective folds. Stewart started to gently touch it
  with his tongue, realising that he was probably the first male to take that
  liberty.  
The sensation caught the prisoner by surprise and she moved her thighs in
  inadvertent response. Stewart, whilst accepting that the girl was there for
  his use, doing whatever he wanted for how ever long he wanted he saw no reason
  why she shouldn't derive a little pleasure herself from the evening &hellip;but
  then realised that it would better to be done in a way that she would feel
  less than his equal. He ordered her to stand next to his bed, at the present.  
He reached out the fingers of his right hand and slowly started to work on
  her now protruding nub with his fingertip. In a surprisingly short time he
  started to feel an almost imperceptible movement of her parted thighs and soon
  had her moving with a gentle thrusting that caused his finger to press even
  harder against her now slippery opening.  
When her climax came it needed a few sharp words to keep her braced in the
  present position as she tried to almost double up in response. She may have
  been blushing yet again but it would have gone unnoticed beneath the flushed
  red face neck and upper chest.  
Not surprisingly the forced masturbation had left her feeling even more humiliated
  and Stewart thought that the time had come for him to find relief for himself.
  He ordered the prisoner to bend over the back of an armchair with her legs
  well spread. The ridged marks of her recent caning, now turning blue more than
  red, stood out starkly. The pressure of his thighs chafing against them might
  result in even more delightful movement by her.  
There was to be no pleasant foreplay for her, no way of trying to make this
  event even slightly pleasurable; this was to be a simple penetration for the
  sole benefit of a staff member. Stewart walked over to the bent over female,
  stood between her legs pulling her vulval lips wide with his fingers and then
  thrust his hard penis into the waiting vagina ramming his thighs into the wealed
  flesh of her firm buttocks. She reacted with a gasp as his pelvis made contact,
  then added a muted squeal as he leant over her and seized her breasts with
  each hand, gripping firmly.  
He thrust hard and regularly, ignoring the whimpers of the prisoner at the
  discomfort. It took only a couple of minutes before he felt the familiar and
  unavoidable surgings of a climax.  
He waited only seconds for the waves of sensation to subside then snatched
  back suddenly pulling his penis abruptly from its moist sheath so that the
  girl gasped in shock. Clutching some Kleenex to his organ he told Millard Stokes
  that she had just thirty seconds to get her clothes on and leave the apartment.
  The girl frantically retrieved her clothes from where they had been placed
  and struggled into them, not daring to ask for time to clean herself up. Stewart
  simply smiled at the thought of her having to undergo a surprise panty inspection
  on the way back to her dormitory and the cleansing shower that she desperately
  needed. He realised that this almost brutal treatment would be the way that
  he would have to conduct himself from now on in if he had any hope of achieving
  the requisite degree of fear and respect from his charges.  
He was still smiling at this concept of "No more Mr Nice guy" when he had
  completed his own shower and stood drying himself. He had a busy day ahead
  of him in sorting out his new squad but first had to attend to the earlier
  breach of discipline when the girl disturbed him. He pressed the call button
  for the domestic staff.  
A knock came at his door almost immediately and the prisoner entered on his
  command. She stood in front of him as he sat with just a bath towel around
  his waist. She was around mid-twenties and a little too slim for his liking.
  Her plain face under her swept back dark hair was entirely suited to her present
  role of a drudge. Stewart alarmed the girl even more by looking right at her
  as he decided how she should be dealt with.  
He knew that the offence was minor and the girl hardly to blame but also
  appreciated how any leniency would affect his reputation. Better, he thought,
  to be severe rather than soft. He wandered over to where his equipment had
  been hung and lifted up his prodder and it's battery pack. He hadn't had the
  opportunity to try this out, at least not on the delivery end, and now could
  be the time.  
"Your stupidity and carelessness gave me quiet a shock this morning Court,
  so I will now give you one or two in return. Remove your panties!"  
With a look of startled fear on her face she stepped out of the garment and,
  looking around, placed them on an adjacent table. Stewart checked the device
  for the tell tale red light to ensure that it was fully charged and then told
  her to bend over facing away from him with her legs wide. He then used the
  prodder to flip the short skirt up over her back so that she was exposed.  
He had to tell her to bend her knees somewhat so that she was in a semi squatting
  position before both her anus and labia were fully exposed to his view as he
  crouched behind her. He located her brown puckered anus with the tip of the
  prodder and pressed enough so that its tip was forced slightly into the orifice.
  The girl's acceptance of the intrusion was proof that she had yet to feel its
  effect. He pressed the button.  
Even at the shock level allowed for junior staff it still gave a hefty jolting
  sting, especially to any sensitive area such as the anus. Court almost leapt
  in the air giving a strangulated squeal but soon came back to the original
  position albeit with some nervous twitching of her buttocks.  
He administered three shocks in total and it was to the prisoner's credit
  that she resumed her position for the second two. Stewart was tempted to try
  the prodder on other areas but realised that he would have ample opportunities
  for that later with any female prisoner that he chose. Leaving her in the same
  exposed position he picked up his strap to finish the punishment. Three crisp
  ones across her tightened buttocks caused more involuntary movement and left
  her in no doubt that he, like most of the staff, was to be feared. He then
  allowed the girl to replace her panties and continue her duties.  
He dressed in his new uniform and strode down to the staff quarters for an
  early lunch before he prepared for his first squad parade. By one pm he was
  sitting in his new office with a pile of personal files in front of him and
  switched on his VDU that accessed the information that was stored on the Centre
  computer. Firstly he flicked through the front pages of each file to ascertain
  the basic details of his squad.  
They had been at the centre for just a month so should have a decent level
  of discipline by now he thought. Their ages ran from nineteen to thirty six
  and all were on a six-month sentence. Each female had a set of photographs
  that depicted her full face and then four naked, taken from the front, each
  side and back with the prisoner standing with legs wide and arms outstretched
  to the side. From the absence of marks these were obviously taken just after
  their arrival. One was black, one Asian Indian, one Chinese and the rest white.
  Two or three were somewhat overweight and Stewart was pleased to note that
  all but two or three were well endowed in the chest department.  
It would be his first job to select a squad leader so he looked through the
  files again and liked the look of Sarah Dickinson, a twenty eight year old
  blonde. She had held supervisory positions in an IT company before her fall
  from grace. Her punishment record showed only relatively minor transgressions
  and all her punishments were well taken. Whether she would be capable of dishing
  out authority in a Correctional Centre would have to be determined but she
  looked as good a candidate as any of them.  
One girl would have to be watched like a hawk. Another female in the style
  of Millard-Stokes stared at him from the photograph in her file. She was just
  twenty and had already received two formal thrashings. Bringing up her record
  on the screen Stewart looked at the post-punishment digitals. The first showed
  the results of twelve hard strokes across her plump backside and the second
  eighteen- some ten days later. Naturally no record existed of any informal
  punishments that she had received but the photographs revealed marks from what
  must have been such inflictions. Clearly a prisoner who would need the strictest
  treatment he thought for himself.  
Towards the end of the afternoon he walked around his new domain on a final
  tour of inspection. The dormitory was ready for the prisoners with the beds
  in position down either side of the room with the sheets and blankets stacked
  on each ready for making. The retaining rings were fixed to the two rails at
  the top of each bed and the one hook at the bottom. The floor made of plain
  wood strips was still dusty and awaiting the labours of the prisoners who would
  eventually bring it to a gleaming shine.  
The toilet and shower block was in a similar state awaiting their efforts.
  Stewart noted that the four normal toilets were lacking seats as he instructed.
  Even so, they would be more comfortable and less embarrassing to use that the
  four Asian type ones along a wall. He tore of a length of toilet paper and
  rubbing it with his hand approved the coarse cheap texture. He must remind
  them, he thought smiling to himself, of how many pieces they would each be
  allocated for every 24 hours as part of his economy drive. Five should be enough
  if they were careful.  
The punishment room was ready with the equipment awaiting the first victim.
  Stewart, taking a plastic rod from it's rack and swishing it experimentally
  through the air, deeply regretted that his own powers of punishment were limited
  to his strap, but thought that with staff as helpful as Miss Rathbone, he would
  have no difficulty in introducing a little flexibility into the system.  
His thoughts were disturbed by the sound of marching feet and glancing at
  his watch realised that the time had come to meet his squad. He strode into
  the bare parade room to find a duty wardress lining up twelve female prisoners
  in two lines of six. As he entered she called them to attention.  
"Mr Stewart, here for what they are worth, are your new charges".  
Stewart walked to the front to an audible gasp from the squad and a snapped "Silence!" from
  the wardress. They had not realised that they would be in the charge of one
  of the few male warders. As if life in the Centre was not bad enough, they
  would now have to face the added humiliation of being under the total control
  of a male officer&hellip;and all that might entail.  
The two ranks stood rigidly at attention, staring straight ahead. Their school
  type uniforms had obviously been recently pressed for the inspection in the
  desperate hope that they could make a good impression. At the wardresses invitation
  Stewart walked the line standing in front of each nervous girl examining her
  in detail from head to toe. All of them held their shoulders well back and
  he could see the protrusions of several nervous nipples through the materials
  of the regulation bras and shirts. The wardress produced a notebook and pen
  making him realise that he would have to find some faults&hellip;which he did.  
A mark on the toe of a highly polished shoe, a button undone on a shirt,
  a tie with a faint mark from some food, a skirt hem not exactly parallel with
  the floor, a hair out of place, a minute hole in the back of a stocking, a
  twisted bra strap just visible under the shirt&hellip;all resulted in an irritated
  question to the offender:  
"Name?"  
And, the scribbling down of the error. In no time eight of the squad had
  collected errors, errors that would require dealing with. He finished his tour
  and stood in front of them.  
"Not a good start, you all knew that you would be facing an inspection and
  yet several of you still failed to take the necessary care. If I carried out
  a full inspection of your underwear and general bodily standards, goodness
  only knows what I would find."  
Despite their rigid position, that last remark caused a look of horror to
  pass over their faces as the implication sank in that this man could and would
  be carrying out the most intimate examinations of their bodies.  
Before they had time to remove it, the wardress spoke again:  
"As Mr Stewart knows, it is traditional that when a squad is handed over
  to a new staff member the previous wardress lays on three with her strap and
  the new&hellip; warder in this case&hellip; also lays on three. As your previous
  wardress is absent, I will observe that tradition for her".  
"When that tradition has been followed, we will then have to deal with these
  stupid errors, each of which will require a further three strokes. Mr Stewart
  will lay three strokes on each prisoner; those who have committed two errors
  will then receive a further three from me. Each time I point at a prisoner
  she will march forward, bend over fully reaching behind her to pull her panties
  down to her knees. She will then grasp her legs as low down as possible and
  brace herself."  
The squad were allowed to stand at ease but warned that they were to watch
  each punishment and not divert their gaze. In no time the first recipient was
  bent over facing away from them with her buttocks tight and bared. Unhitching
  her strap the wardress carefully but firmly laid her three strokes over the
  lower section of the girl's bottom. Each stroke had her move slightly in response.  
Panties pulled up, she returned to her position and was replaced by the next
  candidate. Several girls displayed the marks of recent punishments. One in
  particular was the twenty year old who had already aroused Stewart's interest
  in connection with her poor record. Her name was Thorpe and her buttocks were
  heavily bruised from what must have been a serious application of the cane.
  Stretched tight by her position the bruises would make this simple strapping
  exceedingly painful, but as Stewart knew well, such a fact was no excuse for
  leniency.  
"When did you receive these marks Thorpe?" he enquired.  
From her bent over position the girl stuttered out that she had been formally
  caned four days ago and received an unofficial two days ago. When asked by
  the wardress how many strokes she replied eighteen then twelve. The wardress
  muttered that these will feel like gentle slaps in comparison, knowing full
  well that across the bruises, they would feel like hell.  
She selected the lower section of buttock where it joined the thigh as this
  was always sensitive and had clearly been the aiming point for many of the
  strokes. She laid on three hard ones and was pleased to note that when the
  girl stood, tears were forming in her eyes.  
The rest of the "farewell" strapping continued with the usual inevitability
  until the last girl had returned to her position. Stewart then announced that
  he would now administer to "welcome" strap.  
He knew that this was his chance to establish his authority and if he displayed
  the slightest kindness, all would be lost. He just hoped that his specially
  weighted strap would be noticed.  
It was.  
Every prisoner was taken by surprise as the first stroke sizzled down. Stokes
  only just managed to keep in position as the strap slapped into her sore and
  throbbing rear. At the end of the "Welcome" several of the females were visibly
  shaken and Thorpe reduced to snivelling.  
"Now for the corrections," announced Stewart,  
As the two staff decided earlier, Stewart would give the first three and
  the girl who had earned six would receive three more from the wardress to keep
  within the three-stroke rule. He was particularly interested in how Dickinson
  would take hers. Her offence had been pure invention when Stewart complained
  that her hem was uneven but he wanted to see if she displayed any rebellious
  streak.  
She was tall with delightfully long legs and as she bent her hair hung down
  almost to the ground. The previous six strokes stood out on her otherwise unmarked
  bottom as Stewart laid on three as hard as he could, looking for her reaction.
  She certainly gasped and moved her feet slightly on the second stroke, quickly
  apologising and shuffling back in position. The third must have hurt like mad
  across her taught and burning cheeks but as she stood up the expression on
  her face was of simple acceptance.  
There was no need to offer a prize to see whom the winner of six strokes
  would be. They left Thorpe until last. As she came forward her eyes were very
  much on the strap held by Stewart puzzled by how much a light strap could hurt.
  She was quick enough to bend over and lower her panties but Stewart insisted
  that she force her hands down her legs even lower than she would normally to
  really tighten her nates. He slipped his hand over them feeling the radiant
  heat and tightness of the skin over the firm muscles. Stepping back, he brought
  the strap down.  
Thorpe almost jumped out of her shoes and yelped loudly. Before she had time
  to recover he brought the second and third stroke lashing down. As the new
  pain reached her mind, he shouted to stretch even lower and remain in position
  then handed the strap to the wardress. She soon realised the reason for the
  effectiveness of Stewart's strap as she handled it almost affectionately in
  both hands. With a conspiratorial smile to her male colleague she placed her
  feet well apart and brought the strap down yet again. It proved to be too much
  for Thorpe who leapt to her feet clutching her buttocks. A shocked silence
  went round the squad as the enormity of her refusal to remain in position sunk
  in. They knew full well that this could result in a group punishment for them
  all. Stewart broke the appalled silence:  
"We now have two situations to deal with. Firstly, Thorpe's refusal to accept
  punishment. Secondly the need to award a group punishment to you all for one
  of your squad's refusal. I will now have to make a telephone call."  
He left the now despondent squad in the presence of the wardress whilst he
  went to his office to, as he later put it, "phone a friend".  
It was the duty Sergeant who answered. Stewart explained the problem and
  was soon reassured that the guardroom staff would take care of it. He then
  went back to the parade room and spoke to the squad.  
"We will firstly finish the six strokes for Thorpe, then we will administer
  the six that she has earned for you all as the group punishment. The rest of
  you will then receive your six and finally, Thorpe will report to the guardroom
  where they will deal with her refusal to accept punishment."  
It would be a long night for them all and one that Thorpe, in particular,
  would remember for some time.  
To be continued.  
Chapter 52
By the end of the evenings punishments Stewart felt too tired to even to drop
  by the Officers' Club for a nightcap. He had lost count of the number of strokes
  that he and the wardress had applied to the backsides of his new squad and
  it took what seemed an eternity for Thorpe to return from the Guardroom. Naturally,
  the squad were kept on parade and had to remain rigidly at attention until
  she reappeared. One of the squad, the Chinese girl seemed to find this particularly
  difficult and had to be strapped twice for fidgeting. 
At long last Thorpe returned. As she limped into the room and stood at attention
  in front of him he sensed that the duty policewoman in the guardroom had dealt
  with her �Un-official� in a way that he would approve. He already appreciated
  how well the unwritten law that required any staff member to fully support
  another worked and the sergeant had been true to her word. Thorpe looked as
  if most of the arrogance had been beaten out of her and that she would now
  start to be a worthwhile member of his squad. He ordered her to turn around
  then bend and display. 
She was soon exposed in front of him with her skirt flicked up over her waist
  and her panties pulled down to her knees. Her buttocks, already reddened by
  the strap were now decorated with seven swollen purple weals that ran, parallel
  to the ground, from the top of her anal cleft to the top of her plump thighs.
  As he ran his fingertips over them he realised that the lower thicker weal
  at the very top of the thighs had been raised by two or possibly three well
  placed strokes that must have been agonising. He made no attempt to press hard,
  but the merest touch of his fingers caused Thorpe to flinch. 
When he enquired about the application, Thorpe grunted that she had been strapped
  down and received ten strokes in total. With his fingers stroking the ridges
  Stewart reminded the girl that it would be his duty to make any further punishment
  as effective as possible and that would be best achieved by laying the strap
  over that area. It would be in her best interest, even more so than normal,
  to keep her nose and everything else very clean over the next few days. 
With the squad reassembled, he told them that tomorrow they would be awake
  at 0500 hours. They were excused normal training and Centre duties and would
  be making a start on bringing their accommodation up to standard. There were
  things to clean and things to polish and he expected a high standard of both
  effort and result. They were to break for breakfast at 0700 and then resume
  work. They were to dress in their work kit of vest, short denim skirt, socks
  and work boots. Standard underwear was to be worn with thongs. During the day
  he would be interviewing them individually in his office. 
He concluded by reminding them that he intended to enforce a high, if not
  harsh level of discipline on them all as he hoped he had demonstrated that
  evening. They were then excused to their ablutions as he bade farewell to the
  wardress and made his way to his room. 
He awoke around 7am, luxuriating in the comfort of his bed wondering how his
  squad were feeling. During a hurried breakfast he was approached by the wardress
  who had been so helpful the previous night. Sally, as her name turned out to
  be, asked for a return favour. It seems that she had already awarded two BRD's
  to one of her squad, and felt that it would look better on the paperwork when
  the prisoner was up before the Governess if the final demerit had been ordered
  by another member of staff. Knowing how in the Centre, one good turn always
  deserved another, Stewart readily agreed. He was told that she would send the
  girl to see him with a note to deliver making sure that the girl would get
  lost en route by giving her confusing directions. The note she would deliver
  would contain the latest letter on rules and procedures from the Lady Governor.
  Grinning widely, Sally said that the note would give him an ideal opportunity
  to examine every item of her clothing so he would not need to think too hard
  for excuses. 
It was nearly 8am before he marched into the squad barracks. The females had
  split themselves into two groups, the first were hand polishing the new floor
  in the dormitory and the other six were scrubbing and polishing the toilet
  block. As he entered each room they leapt up to attention. Each was dressed
  as he ordered with vests tucked in to their short denim skirts. On their feet
  were pairs of heavy black rubber work boots with short white socks just visible.
  Most knees were reddened from the time they had spent so far kneeling on the
  hard wooden or tiled floors as they toiled at their seemingly impossible tasks.
  It would have been all to easy for Stewart to have given them access to the
  machinery that they really required, the electric vacuum cleaners, polishers
  and scrubbers, but this was to be an exercise in sheer effort on their part
  and he saw no reason to make this easy in any way. 
He called all the perspiring females into the tiled toilet and shower area
  and briefed them on what would be happening that morning: 
�I will be interviewing you each in turn to assess your progress in the Centre
  so far, I will give you the name of the first prisoner and you will then ensure
  that there is always at least one of you waiting outside my office for when
  I conclude the previous female's interview. The rest will continue to work
  at cleaning this pigsty and I warn you that I expect a very high standard.
  One of my first tasks will be to appoint a squad leader and I will be making
  that choice when I have interviewed you all. The female waiting outside the
  office will enter when she hears the buzzer sound. She will curtsy and then
  remain at attention in front of my desk until told otherwise. I will expect
  that you all answer all of my questions with total honesty. The first interviewee
  will be Dickinson who should now stand awaiting the buzzer�. 
With that he strode off to the corridor in which the office stood followed
  by the nervous squad member who stood at attention outside the door awaiting
  her summons. Inside Stewart looked her over on the video screen that was switched
  to a camera outside his door. He carefully stacked all twelve written files
  on his desk and accessed the squads records on his desktop screen. He then
  settled back in his comfortable office chair and pressed his buzzer. He saw
  the girl leap with surprise then quickly compose herself before knocking on
  the door. 
On the command �Enter�, Dickinson marched smartly in, bobbed a deep curtsy
  and resumed the attention position . Stewart left her there as he slowly reviewed
  the contents of her written file. The photographs showed a naked �Dickinson
  Sarah� standing in the three positions, full body front, full body rear and
  full body side. She was a tall Nordic type of female, not too slim with well
  developed and seemingly firm breasts that were capped by large swollen nipples. 
Her record on the computer gave the impression of a prisoner who had rapidly
  come to terms with the ethos of the Correctional Centre. She had no formal
  punishments against her name and every one of her reports were favourable.
  He knew that this was something of an achievement as it was a rare thing for
  a prisoner not to incur the displeasure of at least one staff member, sometimes
  as a result of simple jealousy especially one that was unusually attractive
  like Dickinson. He motioned her to take a seat on a small low stool to the
  side of his desk. 
This had been deliberately chosen so that any occupant's hips would be lower
  than her knees and far below him. He knew that imposing a humiliating position
  like this during an interrogation could often have an even more pronounced
  effect than inflicting pain As she sat she hesitated, then moved her knees
  to the required ninety degree spread. Her short skirt had already ridden up
  to her thigh tops and now he was looking down at her blatantly displayed crotch
  with the small thin band of the white thong offering her only a scant degree
  of modesty. The results of his strap the previous night could be seen on the
  tops of the raised and spread thighs A trace of a blush coloured her face as
  she continued to look up at him. 
Stewart had scribbled out a set of questions to ask each female. They ranged
  from those of a deeply personal nature to more general ones on how she was
  reacting to the regime. Dickinson quickly answered them, even the more blushingly
  embarrassing questions as to how long it had been since she had had intercourse,
  how long since she had last masturbated, what method she used and what experience
  she had with other females. In answer to that question he was not surprised
  to learn that she had had no experience with girls until starting her sentence
  but had been selected twice for �personal service� by two of the wardresses.
  One of their names was familiar to Stewart as a Senior Wardress with a reputation
  for a lesbian orientation and some brutality to prisoners. When he questioned
  her as to whether she had enjoyed the experience she dropped her eyes to the
  floor and stuttered that it was not for a prisoner to have an opinion on the
  subject as the object was always to demonstrate her obedience to orders. 
Further questioning about the experience revealed that she had received two
  unofficial punishments from the wardress, a harsh caning and a breast slapping,
  both for alleged disobedience. As these were administered in her first few
  days as a prisoner that explained to him why no marks were visible when he
  strapped her the previous night. It also reminded him of the value of correctly
  applied discipline as it had certainly trained Dickinson to fully obey even
  the most unpleasant of orders. 
Stewart then moved on to questioning her regarding her attitude to punishments.
  Her response was that she appreciated that as she was in the Centre for training,
  some form of discipline must be available to act as both an incentive and at
  the same time to emphasise the authority of the wardresses. She had seen several
  severe punishments inflicted over the past few weeks and felt that all of them
  were a direct result of a prisoner's attitude. She was, in brief, as attuned
  to the ethos of the regime as many of the staff. 
Glancing through the file Stewart noted that though slim, her bra size was
  36c. He asked if she wished to apply for assessment for suitability for wearing
  brassieres during exercise. When she agreed, he had her stand close to his
  chair so that her protruding shirt front was almost touching his face, then
  remove the garment so that her brassiere encased breasts were just as close.
  Making sure that he maintained his superior role, he reached up and lifted
  them both experimentally. Then he told her to remove her brassiere so that
  he could inspect the contents. 
She reached behind her, relieved the pressure on the clip and unfastened it
  allowing the breasts to sag under their own weight. The entire garment was
  then pulled forward over her shoulders allowing the cups to become free. Stewart
  took the warm item from her and carefully checked it for cleanliness. He then
  transferred his attention to the breasts themselves and cupping one in each
  hand lifted them slightly as if checking the weight of two melons. Her nipples
  and areola were exceptional in their size and swollen appearance. Almost like
  breasts themselves they were a delicate shade of pink with a darker thick nipple
  protruding. He grasped each nipple firmly, so that Dickinson gasped with pain
  and harshly juggled the breasts up and down feeling surprise at their firmness
  and weight. He could imagine that even a firm slap across them would not cause
  too much movement. However, the slightest pressure on the areola seemed to
  cause noticeable discomfort. 
He had the prisoner step back a little and then perform the usual set of exercises
  for him. Jumping on the spot, swinging shoulders rapidly from left to right
  and back and finally a period of really hard running on the spot. There was
  certainly some jiggling and swaying but nowhere near enough to justify special
  treatment. Whatever the discomfort, Dickinson would be one of the bra-less
  prisoners during exercise. 
He concluded the interview by ordering her to remove her thong, which she
  immediately did offering it to him for inspection. She was surprised when he
  told her to hang it under her name, indicating the far wall. She went to the
  row of hooks and without question, hung the skimpy white garment on the hook
  that had her name over it. Stewart casually explained that he would be inspecting
  them all when he had time and in the interim she was to work without that item
  of dress. 
One by one the females were summoned to his presence for their interview.
  Thanks to his efforts the previous night they were all extremely nervous and
  not a little tender as they sat on the hard stool. Thorpe, as she entered was
  positively frightened knowing that he would undoubtedly punish her for the
  slightest infraction. 
After her curtsey he had he turn round, spread her feet, bend over and raise
  the short skirt so that he could inspect her marks. The weals of the previous
  night were turning into heavy bruising that would make any further punishment
  sheer agony for several days. He had no need to remind her that she would receive
  no leniency from any staff member, and certainly not from him should she need
  correcting before the swelling and tenderness had decreased. 
She removed her white thong and hung it on the hook as instructed and then
  took her seat, wincing as her flesh touched the hard wooden seat. He slowly
  looked her over. 
The twenty year old was around five feet four inches tall, to be accurate,
  five foot three inches he noted from her notes. Her short dark hair framed
  a round blank looking face that was neither pretty nor not pretty to look at.
  A little over weight, she had what seemed to be well developed breasts that
  protruded rather obviously so that her shirt buttons at the front were stretched
  to contain them. Her plump thighs framed thick dark pubic hair that almost
  obscured the vaginal split, despite her blatant position. 
He made the embarrassing interview last even longer than the other girls and
  she was soon permanently flushed a crimson red. Just as he was concluding there
  came a knock at the door and he called out the command �Enter!� 
In marched a tall blonde prisoner dressed in prison �school� uniform. She
  was unknown to Stewart. She snapped to attention in front of his desk to the
  side of Thorpe and stood rigidly at attention, breathing deeply and with a
  flushed face. She held out a note in an envelope. It was obviously the prisoner
  who had been sent by the wardress who approached him over breakfast. 
�Please Sir, Prisoner Wilson reporting, I have a note for you�. 
Stewart virtually ignored the girl gesturing for her to stand against the
  wall. Even from the rear it was apparent to her that the girl on the stool
  was blatantly exposed and that she was in the presence of a staff member who
  would need some care in dealing with. He then returned to Thorpe and resumed
  the interview by laying down some standards that were to be achieved knowing
  that the visitor would be bound to hear every word. 
�I will be checking your panties later with the rest of the squad and you
  may rest assured that I expect you all to maintain high standards of cleanliness.
  I will probably carry out a full underwear inspection later today, before you
  turn in for the night. I shall expect to see that all your brassieres have
  also been maintained in a scrupulously clean condition as well as your replacement
  pair of panties. I trust that it won't be necessary to hand out any Breast
  Related Demerits!� 
With the mention of BRD's, out of the corner of his eye, he saw the visitor
  visibly stiffen, She certainly looked as if she was well endowed in that area
  and was only too aware that she was on thin ice. Stewart could almost hear
  it cracking under her weight. He dismissed Thorpe and turned his full attention
  to the visitor calling her to stand in front of him. 
�Just how long has it taken you to report to me with the note girl ?� he snapped
  reading the time from the front of the envelope that the girl was given the
  task. 
�Sorry Sir, but I got lost and couldn't find your office, I ran most of the
  way� 
Stewart stared at her in sheer disbelief and asked her if she was accusing
  her betters of giving wrong information. Realising the no-win situation that
  she was in she dropped her eyes to the floor and stammered an apology agreeing
  that it was entirely her own fault. He then moved in for the kill �slowly opening
  the envelope: 
It was indeed the latest set of orders: Stewart read out relevant points from
  it aloud. The Lady Governess was concerned that certain prisoners may be dealing
  in banned substances and using any excuse for moving around the prison to conceal
  and carry them. The letter required any staff member who had the slightest
  suspicion to carry out � a thorough and meticulous search of the prisoners
  clothing and body. This must include a full cavity search.� She went on to
  appreciate that �such searches using improvised techniques would be unpleasant
  for the staff member but must still be carried out to the full. There was no
  requirement to offer the searched prisoner any privacy during the procedure�. 
�Well Wilson�, said Stewart staring hard into her eyes, � It seems that your
  leisurely arrival here seems to fit the conditions of the note perfectly. You
  would have had more than enough time to collect and secret some substance so
  I will have to perform a rather revolting clothing and cavity search. As this
  will have to be in my office it may be a little embarrassing and not to say
  uncomfortable for you, but orders are orders.� 
He walked past her to the door and told the next girl in line that there would
  be a delay in her interview and to find Thorpe and tell her to bring him a
  coffee. Closing the door he rolled up his sleeves and taking a pair of surgical
  gloves from a box on his table, proceeded to slowly put them on whilst looking
  at the now wide-eyed prisoner. 
�Remove your tie, shirt and skirt girl,� then stand at the �present� while
  I check them over�. 
Ignoring the now shaking female he carefully slipped the tie through his gloved
  fingers then examined every inch of the warmed shirt noting the slight underarm
  dampness. The short uniform skirt had no pockets and was soon found to be free
  of any packages. He then moved to stand close to the prisoner's front as she
  stood there in bra, panties and stockings. 
He could feel the heat of not only her previous exertion but also her deeply
  humiliating stance. A faint scent of sweat hung in the air and when he rubbed
  his rubber covered fingertips gently over the shaved armpit a trace of moisture
  remained on them. 
�I will give you one last chance of handing over anything you may be carrying.
  Believe me it will be far less embarrassing and painful for you to give it
  up now girl.� 
�Pplease Sir�I don't have anything hidden� she stuttered clearly terrified
  by the situation she found herself in. 
Stewart went back to the desk and removed a small pencil flashlight. He then
  stood to her side and firmly gripped her right ear pulling it so the light
  could illuminate into her outer ear. He moved round and inspected her right
  ear. Apart from a little wax there was nothing secreted there. 
�Open your mouth�wide�.WIDER GIRL!� 
She had white even teeth. He held the flashlight in his left hand and pushed
  two fingers of his right hand into the opening. Firstly he ran his fingertips
  between her cheeks and the outside of the upper jaw and then around the outside
  of the lower jaw collecting a considerable amount of sticky saliva. Next he
  gripped her slippery tongue and twisted and turned it to check all round before
  forcing his fingers in to check the inner mouth above and beneath the soft
  organ. As he probed the rear of the mouth he pushed his fingers well in to
  depress her tongue so that the flashlight could illuminate her properly causing
  her to gag and choke slightly. 
He withdrew his fingers and stood back to look her over. She was wearing the
  regulation white thin brassiere, small bikini panties, a white suspender belt
  and dark stockings. She was tall, around 5 foot eight inches and slim apart
  from what seemed to be a pair of overgenerous breasts that even the tight bra
  could not contain adequately. He looked into her grey eyes making her instinctively
  flinch into a more stressed present position. 
�We have a few items of clothing still to check Wilson before we move on to
  two rather personal cavities that will need to be searched. I think we will
  start by having you remove your shoes.� 
The prisoner stood balanced on one foot as she removed one shoe after another
  and handed them to him. They were the standard low heeled uniform shoe that
  had clearly seen some wear with various prisoners over the years. They were
  immaculately polished but Wilson seemed to have rather sweaty feet and their
  odour could be easily detected. He thrust his still wet fingers into the remote
  cavities to check that nothing was secreted and placed them alongside her other
  removed items on his desk. 
He stood well back staring intently at her upper torso. Wilson knew only too
  well what the next order would be. She had, like most well endowed females,
  always been embarrassed at the size of her breasts and now she felt sick at
  the thought of having to display them to this male stranger. 
�Remove your brassiere Wilson and hand it to me, then take up the present
  again�and I want those elbows forced fully back.� 
The girl remained immobile, unable to expose herself to his inspection. Stewart
  waited, seemingly patiently, for a full two minutes. 
�I will repeat myself.� he intoned with a distinct chill in his voice. 
It was enough and with a sob of humiliation she reached behind to unclip the
  garment, let it fall free from her breasts and handed it to him. He studiously
  examined the item from the outside surfaces and then turned it inside out checking
  the material that had been in close contact with her warm body. She didn't
  notice the way in which one of his fingers rubbed against the outside of a
  cup. The same finger that he had carefully rubbed against the sole of her shoes
  as he handled them. He made no comment about the soil mark that his finger
  left�that would be done later. 
Without any comment her then pointed to her panties. 
Blushing furiously she slipped them down to her knees and was just balancing
  herself to pull them clear of her feet when a knock came to the door that made
  her freeze. It was Thorpe with a mug of steaming of coffee in her shaking hand.
  Stewart told her to put it down and as she made to leave unable to stop staring
  at the girl being searched, he told her to remain near the desk in case she
  was needed. 
Wilson. Looking even more humiliated finally removed her panties and handed
  them over the desk for inspection. She was well aware that she was totally
  vulnerable to any charge that the male officer wished to invent. She always
  tried to keep herself scrupulously clean but knew that if he wanted to invent
  some error, his decision would never be questioned by the authorities, and
  a punishment would inevitably follow. 
He carefully turned the small white panties inside out and slowly checked
  the crotch, knowing the thoughts that would be rushing through the prisoner's
  mind. Time, he thought to build her confidence up. 
�No problems there Wilson, you seem to keep your panties in a hygienic enough
  condition.� 
�and to immediately lower it. 
�So now all we have to do is to check that you have nothing secreted in your
  lower cavities. Get up on my desk�on all fours girl�. 
Reaching into a drawer he retrieved another pair of surgical gloves, handing
  them to a confused and worried Thorpe with the instructions to don them. He
  knew that he would be able to give almost any order to her and have it obeyed
  with her buttocks in the sensitive state that they were. She did however show
  some shock and an initial reluctance to the next comment. 
�In the interests of hygiene Thorpe will search your anal cavity for me and
  I will then search your vaginal space. I want you with your buttocks high and
  knees well spread so that your cheeks are parted. Unfortunately, with this
  impromptu type of search we simply don't have any of the normal lubrications
  available�so Thorpe will have to use this toothpaste that I have�. 
Realising that he would need some lubricant when Sally had told him about
  the proposed inspection, Stewart had brought the only thing that he had to
  hand knowing that it was a particularly unpleasant substance to use on delicate
  membranes�but it might be argued that it would be better than nothing. He told
  Thorpe to hold out her right hand and squirted a generous amount on to the
  latex covered fingertips. 
�This may be the first time for you Thorpe, but I still want a thorough job
  doing. I want to see you try first one finger, up to the hand and then two.
  If I think you have deliberately missed something�.heaven help you girl.� 
Thorpe held the area around Wilson's anus with her left hand pushing the firm
  cheeks even wider apart to reveal the crinkled pinkish orifice. She was in
  no position to do anything other than obey Mr Stewart, but she gently rubbed
  the white peppermint smelling cream gently into the area immediately around
  the slightly parted opening. 
Then she firmly pressed her coated index finger firmly and insistently until
  the anus opened and the finger could slide in. Almost immediately Wilson felt
  the cold stinging sensation from the paste and started to move her hips earning
  a stern rebuke from Stewart. Thorpe ignored her gasps and groans and forced
  the digit fully in twisting and turning it as the tip searched for any hidden
  objects. 
It took some effort to get the second longer finger into the cavity but Thorpe,
  knowing what the cost of failure would do to her own body. She persisted despite
  the obviously growing discomfort for the girl and the way her anus was now
  gripping the fingers with increasing strength as it tried to prevent further
  entry. With the two fingers fully thrust home and turned in all directions
  she was satisfied and told Mr Stewart that the rectum was empty. 
Stewart knew that a longer probe would have been necessary to fully examine
  the cavity but, anxious to conclude his search, ordered Thorpe to withdraw
  which she did with a plopping sound that left the anus still gaping. Stewart
  told Thorpe to discard the gloves and Wilson to lay on her back in the traditional
  gynaecological position with knees apart and drawn up to her chest. 
Her face still registered the discomfort from the lubricant as Stewart ordered
  Thorpe to lean over and pull the vaginal lips apart with her bare fingers.
  She almost hesitated as this was something she hoped that she would never have
  to do to another female. A sharp slap on her thighs convinced her� and she
  pulled hard making Wilson take a sharp intake of breath as her most secret
  area was exposed to the cool air of the office. He wasted no time in introducing
  the forefinger of his right hand into the moist opening, wiping it round in
  increasingly wider circles that started to press unbearably on the outer rim
  of the vaginal opening. 
He suddenly brought up two more fingers to add to the other and they were
  all thrust uncomfortably into her with his thumb resting audaciously on her
  clitoris. Ignoring the girl's writhings he pushed, twisted and manoeuvred his
  fingers to search inside her vagina until he was satisfied that if there was
  anything hidden, it would take a gynaecologist to retrieve it. 
&quot;Well Wilson, that was a waste of time as you obviously have nothing
  secreted on your person that I can find&quot;. 
He then ordered the flustered female to dress as he sat at the computer and
  accessed her file. She knew that she had no right to object in any way to what
  the male officer had done but still felt humiliated and sore She consoled herself
  with the thought that at least he hadn't pretended to find anything that would
  later cause a problem for her..or so she thought. He waited until she picked
  up her brassiere and dropped the bombshell: 
&quot;Pity about the two errors concerning your bra&quot;. 
Wilson gasped aloud and her face turned pale. 
&quot;Firstly your reluctance to remove the garment and then the disgustingly
  filthy state that it is in&quot;. 
Disbelievingly she looked at the material and saw the mark on the left cup.
  She immediately panicked as she desperately tried to think of how the mark
  could have occurred and how she could explain it away. Her panic was interrupted
  and then raised to new heights by his next remark. 
&quot;So unfortunately I will have to register two Breast Related Demerits
  on your file. They should be no problem provided your record is clean&quot;. 
He did his best to seem surprised when, having scrolled down her conduct sheet
  he found and remarked on, the outstanding BRD�s. 
Wilson stood aghast at his casual comments. She was only too aware that her
  breasts were already under threat and had sworn to herself to do everything
  and anything to avoid that third demerit. Now she had four. Should she throw
  herself on the mercy of this officer? She was sure that he hadn't realised
  that his demerits would be the ones that would require a breast caning. Perhaps,
  if she grovelled enough he might even erase them from her record. Perhaps she
  should offer to take an unofficial, even if it would need to be taken on her
  breasts, perhaps he would let her off with a hard breast slapping? Anything
  would be preferable to having the Governor pass sentence. 
Fortunately she stopped herself from further abasement by electing to remain
  silent. She knew that there was nothing that she could offer him. The normal
  sexual gifts that she had to offer were his for the taking anyway. Her poor
  sensitive breasts would now be caned and there was nothing that she do about
  it. 
The aim of the charade fully achieved, Wilson was dismissed back to her squad
  and Stewart continued with his interviews long into the day. When every prisoner
  had been interviewed he carefully examined the line of crumpled thongs hanging
  from their individual hooks. He accepted the unfairness of expecting each prisoner
  to present an unmarked undergarment bearing in mind their regulation tightness
  and the strenuous exercise that hard cleaning requires. The wearers would have
  spent some time bent double or squatting with legs wide so the thin material
  would be forced into every opening to reveal any lack of cleanliness. Even
  so standards had to be maintained. 
Most of the thongs were understandably damp from the wearers exertions but
  four showed signs of carelessness. The thin strap that bisected the buttocks
  were stained on three examples and the fourth had signs around the vulval area
  suggesting some arousal. The names were entered into the computer to be dealt
  with during the evenings parade. 
The decision as to who the squad leader was to be was easy enough and the
  name of Dickinson was added to a pre-prepared notice. Her first task would
  be to assist him later with those on report for soiled underwear. 
His �phone rang. 
It was the Lady Governors secretary with the instruction that he was to report
  to the Governor at 6pm that night for an interview. 
He was totally polite to the secretary despite his stomach seemingly filling
  with iced-water as his mind raced trying to think of any possible reason for
  such a summons. He remembered only too well how he had been recently told that
  his status as an officer could be revoked at any time and even if he retained
  that status, he could still be expected to be punished as a prisoner for the
  slightest infraction. 
It was a somewhat nervous Stewart who knocked on the door exactly on time. 








xxxxxxxxxx




 
  R. Osborne
   jim
  2
  700
  2006-07-27T19:20:00Z
  2006-07-27T19:20:00Z
  1
  5709
  32543
  -
  271
  76
  38176
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








Chapter 53

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Stewart surprised even himself with the level of apprehension that
he felt as he entered the reception area to the Governor�s office. It was
partly because he had yet to meet the lady and partly because of the knowledge
that even though he had officer status, he was in reality a mere prisoner who
could be subjected to the full disciplinary procedures, even to being reduced
the status of that of an inmate.

&nbsp;

The receptionist gave no clue as to the reason for his appointment
but merely indicated him to wait by her desk as she pressed the interphone and
announced his arrival. He was then ushered into the office and came to
attention in front of the large desk staring straight ahead.

&nbsp;

The lady Governor was in her early thirties,
tall slim with her fair hair held back in a formal bun. She was certainly
attractive in a superior sort of way and power dressed in a formal civilian
jacket that presumably would have a skirt hidden beneath the desk top. Her
relative youth, certainly younger than Stewart himself was yet another� indication of the way that the rapid
expansion of the Correctional Centres that had provided accelerated careers for
the brightest and most determined candidates.

&nbsp;

He was more than relieved to be greeted, albeit by his surname, and
invited to sit. She then addressed him, still with formality in her voice:

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

�I�m sure that you will realise that prisoners accorded officer
status require close supervision and monitoring during their six months
probation. All too often it has been necessary to downgrade them back to
prisoner when the initial hopes that we had prove unfounded. Just before your
arrival here I had to demote one of the female �officers who is now one of the inmates
again. I should also point out that the sentence starts again from scratch and
that no credit is given for any previous time served. It is also pretty
unpleasant to find yourself as a prisoner in the same Correctional Centre where
you were an officer. The staff are anxious not to show
any favours and the prisoners� well�you know what bitches they can be at
times.�

&nbsp;

From your record so far you seem to be progressing well and
certainly earning yourself a reputation as a disciplinarian amongst both the staff
and the prisoners. We will however, be watching you carefully for every day
before you are officially promoted so keep your nose to the grindstone�as they
say. There is one little matter that I need to discuss with you�.

&nbsp;

Stewart�s heart, having just calmed down a little, jumped back into
his throat.

&nbsp;

�You will know that we loan out prisoners to be of service in the
local community and we have a request to provide such a service to one of the local
dignitaries, the wife of the Member of Parliament for this area. She has asked
for a group of male prisoners and a group of females. The males will be
supplied from one of the male establishments and we will be supplying the
females. I understand that the wardress from the male centre has senior status
so you will be under her command and answerable directly to here whilst you are
away. You may have met her when you were in a Male Correctional Centre, her
name is Mrs Cheeseman. I have decided that you will take your squad even though
they are relatively inexperienced. I need hardly say that they will be expected
to totally satisfy this lady in whatever work she deems suitable for them. I
have arranged for you to take a Touring Equipment kit that will enable you to
deal with any disciplinary matters that arise and I will be happy to authorise
a higher level of punishment powers than you normally have. What I want Stewart
are results and the best result will be a letter of
commendation from the MP�s wife.

&nbsp;

Stewart thought back with a shudder to his previous experience with
Mrs Cheeseman when he was at the Male Correctional Centre. He remembered how he
knew from the daily orders that he was on �Saddle duty� from 7 to 8.30pm that night but had no idea what it entailed. He was therefore not
unduly worried when Mrs Cheeseman stopped him as he marched by and looked him
over carefully. She was in her late forties with a somewhat lined and over made
up face with vivid lip gloss. Her hair was in a bun and greying at the temples.
He could tell from the way her uniform hung that she had lost the body of a
younger woman and though not too overweight had a slightly protruding stomach
that was moulded by her tight uniform skirt.

&nbsp;

Despite her age she was still then a junior officer and probably one
of those who had joined from other occupations anxious to grab the chance of a
career with such authority. They appeared even harsher that the younger junior
officers and seemed to possess a sixth sense when dealing with male prisoners
allowing them no leeway whatsoever.

&nbsp;

�You�re the Stewart who is on saddle duty tonight?� she snapped. I
may well decide to visit so you had better be prepared for some hard work boy.�
And she turned her back leaving an even more puzzled prisoner in her wake.

&nbsp;

Stewart had no time to discreetly ask one of his fellow prisoners
about this new duty even if they knew themselves. He speculated to himself that
it was probably cleaning and polishing the riding gear that the wardresses used
so consoled himself that it would be one of the easier jobs that he could be
given. At the worst it would be working in the stables where he could expect,
or guarantee, to be given a few strokes of one of the crops carried by the �wardresses in
their riding gear.

&nbsp;

There was a room number next to his detailed order and at 6.55 he
presented himself to the door to that room in the Officers� Accommodation block�
and knocked. Hearing a curt �enter� he marched in and found himself in a well
lit windowless large room with a toilet, bidet and sink. What surprised him was
the large leather vaulting box with a leather top and wooden walls down to the
floor that stood in the centre. This leather top dipped in the middle to where
a hole around a foot in diameter was placed behind
which was a padded pommel. Adjustable stirrups were either side of the hole
that would require any �rider� to mount with legs very wide indeed. Bright spot
lights illuminated the area around the hole from the front and the rear. A wooden
rod hung from two ceiling supports to hang over the horse. Even stranger was
what appeared to be a small door at one end of the contraption.

&nbsp;

A young nurse stood in front of him. She was scarcely out of school
with fair hair tied in a ponytail, rim-less spectacles perched on the end of
her nose and a slim lithe body. Young or not she had the authority to handle
male prisoners pretty much as she wished.

&nbsp;

�First visit Stewart? Well, you will soon learn. First I want you to
thoroughly wash your face and clean your mouth with the items on that table,
then when you have dried yourself come over here to me�.� She indicated a small table with two buckets,
the first filled with cold water and the second empty. There was a crude tooth
brush and bottle of mouthwash. He performed his ablutions even more mystified
than before and now more than a little nervous.

&nbsp;

When he stood before the nurse, who could scarcely be over the age
of twenty she ordered him to strip and place his clothes on another small table
in the corner. A cold spray of some sort was liberally applied to his genitals
without a word of explanation. She then produced a rubber device with straps
and a long electrical lead. Having reached round to fasten the waist band she
lifted his flaccid penis and roughly inserted a thin two inch probe into his
urethra fastening rubber straps around and down the shaft of his enlarging
penis with Velcro fasteners. Next she firmly grasped his scrotum and fitted it
inside an elasticated rubber pouch that gripped the contents uncomfortably
tightly.

&nbsp;

With his genitals trussed up and probed he was then led to the
horse, the door opened and he was told to climb inside. 

&nbsp;

There was just room to manoeuvre himself.
Following the instructions from the nurse he sat on the small seat and forced
his head through the rubber seal fastened around the hole. He found that he
could adjust the seat so that his head protruded with half his neck above the
seal and the rear of his head rested against the leather pommel. Everything was
becoming apparent to him. There were two hand grips in the roof that he could
use to manoeuvre himself a little. He was obviously there to provide oral
service to whoever took to the saddle. The nurse reached in and plugged his
electric cord into a socket fixed to the roof of the horse.

&nbsp;

The nurse noted that the light of understanding had crept over his
face and told him that if the wardress was satisfied with his efforts he could expect
a good mark to be recorded on the scribble pad on the table. If she was not
satisfied a low mark would be given and she pointed to the leather paddle that
hung ominously on the wall. The wardress would have a remote control available
and that would display the level of erection and enable her to give him some
encouragement to greater effort by means of a sharp shock to either his penis
or his testes. Stewart then felt a gripping burning pain across his scrotum as
the nurse demonstrated the device, mentioning that it was selected to one of
the lower settings.

&nbsp;

�He would probably have up to
three ladies visit and she would be back after each to clean him up. There were
washing facilities for the wardresses but that was for after his ministrations
as there was never any need to consider his sensibilities as he was only a
prisoner. He should bear in mind that they would all have had an early start
followed by a heavy physical day rushing around organising and probably
punishing the prisoners. He should expect them to be a little less than pristine.

&nbsp;

As this was his first time a Miss Linley would be his first �rider�
as this section came under her control and she liked to train all the new male
prisoners. The nurse advised Stewart to �listen and obey� as she was not a lady
to be irritated in any way. With that the door opened and in she came to stand
next to the horse. She was a heavily built female in her mid-thirties with
short cropped hair and round plain face. She looked down at the protruding head
and grasped the chin to turn it so that Stewart was obliged to look her in the
eyes.

&nbsp;

�Right boy, you have probably tried this with your girl friends over
the years but from now on you had better put every bit of effort you can in to
it. As well as the encourager here�� she held up the remote giving the button a
sharp jab with her thumb causing the electric to give a sharp rap over the
testes making Stewart jump and gasp�����
�The nurse can give you a good beating with that paddle if you fail to
get high marks. And, don�t forget that if you fail to give any lady full
satisfaction or cause her any grief in any way, you can still be put on
Governor�s report or sent to the guardroom to feel one of their canes�.

&nbsp;

Having dismissed the nurse she ominously locked the door behind her
and slipped off her uniform jacket loosening her collar and tie. Then she
unzipped the skirt, let it fall to the floor and picked it up placing it on a
table. She stood in her large old-fashioned panties and stockings with her long
uniform boots. She approached the horse and telling her victim what she was
doing, adjusted the stirrups to the position she required.

&nbsp;

�I will just show you how the staff member will position herself. It
will be a �dry� run with no requirement for you to carry out any tongue work so
you will be able to save your energies for the other ladies. I have adjusted
the stirrups, this will depend on the size of the
rider and how much she wishes to spread her crotch to you. You will find that
some of the wardresses gape somewhat so that you have easy access to their
intimate regions. Others will be tighter and require a firmer tongue. 

&nbsp;

With that she put her foot into the stirrup and with remarkable ease
lifted her other leg over to engage her other foot and stood up in the stirrups
supporting herself with the bar. Suddenly she dropped
her large backside on to the saddle and the spread crotch of her panties was
almost touching his nose. Thanks to her care in making the adjustments he could
see out of the corner of his eye how her knees were high and wide resulting in
the material being well stretched with dark bristly hair lining the gap between
the material and her inner thighs. His nostrils immediately reminded him of the
nurse�s remarks about there being no requirement for the wardresses to prepare
themselves in any way and this was supported visually by the damp stains on the
spread material.

&nbsp;

Suddenly Miss Linley grabbed the back of the pommel with both hands
and pulled it towards her against a non-return ratchet that forced and held his
face into close contact with the panties. He was obliged to breath
through the material and he had to brace himself not to move his head back or
display any sign of distaste.

&nbsp;

Next she stood on the horse and carefully turned around with the
boots brushing his face to take up the other position. This removed the last
hope he had that he would not be expected to service the anal areas of the
staff. As she lowered herself down and leant forward the tight material
covering the anal cleft touched his nose. She mentioned that not every wardress
would require this extra service, but those that did had
better be pleased with his response. He was almost grateful for the restrictive
pommel as this would prevent any attempt to flinch away from the wardress in a
way that would result in a severe reprisal.

&nbsp;

Without any further words, Miss Linley hurriedly dressed and left.

&nbsp;

He heard rather than saw the second wardress as she entered the
room. After a whispered conversation with the nurse Stewart had a semi-translucent
latex mask pulled over his eyes that permitted only a dim shape to be seen. It
would seem that the wardress was somewhat shy to be seen by a prisoner taking
her pleasures. He heard the nurse leave and the wardress use the toilet to relieve
herself and the muffled drumming of the paper as she
pulled on the toilet roll. Following the sound of the flushing there followed
the rustle of clothing and running of water that he presumed was the bidet
being used, contradicting the information that the nurse had given him about
the wardresses personal hygiene habits.

&nbsp;

He was somehow aware that this was a junior member of staff and he
could just make out her outline as she stood next to him adjusting the stirrups
on the horse. She smelt delightful with the hint of an expensive perfume and
even gave his hair a friendly rub with her hand as if she regarded him as a
loyal equine friend. She quickly placed her foot in a stirrup and with a grunt
of effort mounted the horse and engaged her other foot in the stirrup on the
other side. Stewart could dimly make out her parted thighs and how she was
pulling the uniform skirt up around her waist revealing that her panties had
been removed. She then lowered herself until her buttocks were firmly down on
the leather with her thighs well parted and her light pubic hair touching his
face.

&nbsp;

The scent of the soap was strong and Stewart could feel his own
arousal, the arousal that would now be displayed to the young wardress on her
remote control. A sharp sting to his scrotum made him jump so that his face
brushed hard against the damp rough hair. 

&nbsp;

�Good!� came the young female voice from above him, �We seem to be
connected in every sense of the word so you can start work and do your best to
pleasure me.�

&nbsp;

It was a young voice, but one that still carried the authority of an
officer who would take nothing in the way of disobedience. Having used the pain
button on the device she would be sure to use it again should she consider it
necessary.� Stewart thrust the tip of his
tongue forward and turned his head slightly so that he could run it up and down
her inner thigh with his left cheek brushing against her uniform stocking top.
He did the same to her other inner thigh doing his best to be as tantalising as
possible.

&nbsp;

A voice from above his head told him that she hadn�t got all day and
to get in there. She followed the order with a stingingly sharp shock across
his scrotum. He thrust his tongue forward until it parted the tight soap
smelling labia and starting at the lowest point, flicked it upwards until he
found the crinkly feeling swelling at the top. He then licked as if his very
life depended upon it feeling the gentle heaving of the young wardresses thighs and the increased pressure on the back of
his head as she pulled the pommel towards her and thrust her crotch hard into
his face. In just seconds the girl was moaning her pleasure and bouncing in the
saddle making it difficult for Stewart to follow her movements with his mouth
and tongue. Despite the discomfort to his nose with the bristly pubic hair he
fought to keep in contact, even to the extent of gripping her labia gently with
his teeth. Finally, with an animal scream she slowed down and slumped over with
her stomach resting on his head.

&nbsp;

He nervously continued to suck and lick, not knowing whether she was
fully satiated or not and received a savage jolt of electricity around his
penis for his efforts. Without a word she dismounted and he heard the sound of
the bidet followed by clothing being replaced. The Nurse returned, snatched the
latex blindfold off his head, �placed a steel dish under his chin and then
produced the toothbrush with paste on the bristles. Placing her left hand on
his head she reached down with two fingers to uncomfortably pull his nostrils
upwards as she pushed his lower jaw down with the hand holding the brush. This
was forcefully introduced into his mouth and roughly moved around scrubbing his
teeth, tongue and inner cheeks with the same effort that she would normally be
used on a horse. It didn�t help that the toothpaste was strongly astringent and
stung his sensitive gums.

&nbsp;

Satisfied she removed the hard brush and gave him some foul smelling
mouthwash to rinse out with, spitting the results into the bowl under his chin.
A final wash around his nose and mouth with a disinfectant soaked cloth left
him prepared, at least physically, for his next �rider�.

&nbsp;

The Nurse departed and he was left alone for a couple of minutes,
wondering who his next visitor would be and contemplating that if they were all
like the last female, that this would be one of the better and more pleasant
duties in the centre. The door opened, closed and he heard the sound of the
locks being put into place as he craned his neck round to see who it was. As
the wardress turned away from the door he recognised her as the one who had
first mentioned this saddle duty to him earlier in the day: Mrs Cheesman. She
was dressed in her full wardress uniform from her polished boots to her uniform
hat. Around her waist, from the thick belt hung the strap and
prodder. She walked over to the horse and the protruding male head with
a sneer across her heavily made up face.

&nbsp;

�Well Stewart, how does it feel to be on Saddle Duty?�

&nbsp;

Without waiting for his reply she suddenly leant over and gave his
exposed wet face two ear ringing slaps with the palm
and back of her gloved right hand.

&nbsp;

�Understand this Boy, don�t try to pull any
clever tricks with me. They may work on one of the young wardresses but I have
spent a lifetime with males like you�and now it�s my time to give the orders. I
spent years of my life working����������������������� ������as
a waitress and skivvy in top London Hotels and have had a bellyful of arrogant
young studs ordering me around, doing their fetching and carrying�. She leant
over so that her lined face was only inches from his�� Your chances of reaching
my high standards tonight are less than zero, but if I even think that you are
not giving the task 200 percent effort�you will wish that you hadn�t been
born!� 

&nbsp;

Without any thought of modesty, she slipped of her gloves, walked
over to the toilet, sat down and relieved herself in front of him. Not even the
sound of water hitting water seemed to embarrass her and when the sound ended
she simply stood pulling her panties into place. Stewart noted that she made no
attempt to use any toilet paper, nor did she even glance in the direction of
the bidet. She sauntered over to the horse and lifted his lower jaw with her
fingers. He noticed that they smelt strongly of leather and deduced that this
was from her regular handling of her leather punishment strap as well as her
regulation uniform gloves. In her left hand she held the controls to the
electrical device fitted to his genitals and he noticed that she adjusted the
intensity control to just over midway�knowing that� this setting would just be for
starters.

&nbsp;

�I will be on the horse for some time so I hope that your tongue has
plenty of stamina. I will of course encourage you�� there was a gripping jolt
around his scrotum ��whenever I deem it necessary, and I will not hesitate to
have you beaten when I have finished with you should I think you have failed in
any way to work hard. Finally, Stewart�.have no doubt that if you fail to give
me a really thorough set of orgasms�you will be on official report for failing
to obey an officer�s direct order�. 

&nbsp;

She slowly started to remove her uniform, starting with her hat and
jacket. �Unfortunately Boy I was in rather a rush this morning, you know the
sort of thing. I had to throw on yesterday�s shirt and underwear and just
didn�t have time for a shower. It�s been a very warm and humid day and I seem
to have spent most of it laying my strap across some prisoner�s backside so I
seem to be rather hot and sweaty. If you had any say in the matter, which you
don�t, you would probably suggest that I use the bidet over there but as a
prisoner being trained in showing respect and obedience to females�you will
just have to accept me as I am. Everything that happens in this room will be on
my terms so you had better not display any reluctance.�

&nbsp;

Reaching under her skirt she slipped down and removed her white panties.
They certainly looked well worn and crumpled. As she moved closer to him with
her hand holding them at a distance he could see the dampness of her under-arms
and caught the first whiff of body odour from her shirt. She held the panties a
couple of feet in front of his face slowly turning them around. They were
heavily stained and the �crotch moist from her recent use of the
toilet in the room. As she draped them over his face the olfactory results of
her lack of concern about her personal cleanliness hit him. Mixed in with the
acrid smell of died urine was the scents of body sweat and vaginal secretions.
He had to force himself not to turn his head and allow the moist material to
rest on his nose.

&nbsp;

With a girlish giggle she rubbed his face hard with the garment and
left it just in front of his face lying on the stained leather surface.

&nbsp;

�Let�s start shall we?�

&nbsp;

She adjusted the stirrups with some speed suggesting that this room
was a regular place that she visited. With one foot in a stirrup she lifted
herself up with the overhanging bar so that she stood in the stirrups, wriggled
her skirt up around her waist and then lowered herself down to sit on the horse.

&nbsp;

She had certainly adjusted the stirrups to the maximum effect. Her
heavy thighs were spread indecently wide with her crotch just inches from
Stewarts face and resting on her discarded panties. Her labial folds seemed
loose and were gaping wide displaying her private entrance instead of being
covered by her long and dense pubic hair. At this point Stewart wished that the
blindfold would be paced over his eyes for this wardress and not the first. Her
finger pointed to an enlarged clitoris that would have peeped from between her
inner lips with her legs closed, but now stood jutting forward. Stewart had
heard of such pronounced genitalia but now he was just inches from one that
looked more like a small penis than something female.

&nbsp;

The panties had in a way prepared him for her bodily scent but even
so, he knew that he would have to get into the very seat of the source without
showing any form of reluctance. Without waiting to be told he thrust his tongue
at the pink centre, closed his lips around the base and started to flick the
tip with his tongue. 

&nbsp;

The hood and clitoral area tasted bitter and he tried to ignore the
scent that assailed his nostrils. He knew that any complaint would only result
in a thrashing and having to face the problem later. He licked and sucked
alternately and could feel the hood and clitoris swelling. Suddenly, to his
surprise, Mrs Cheesman let out a low moan and lifted herself away from his face
and off the horse.

&nbsp;

For a brief second his hopes rose that his ordeal was over, but then
she spoke:

&nbsp;

�Good, that�s got the first one over and I can relax a little. I
will get myself ready for some real tongue work now�.

&nbsp;

She removed her belt, skirt and shirt without any trace of modesty.
In her eyes a male prisoner had no status in life and like a dog,
his presence simply did not concern her. Stewart noted her large brassiere, her
swollen lower stomach that the suspender belt cut into and her cellulite marked
waist and thighs. Finally, leaning forward she undid the bra and removed it
allowing her two breasts to hang free against her lower chest. These had little
firmness and swung at her slightest movement The
nipples and aerolae were wrinkled. She lifted each breast in turn and scratched
around the nipple with her finger nail to dislodge some dried skin then turned
and stood, dressed only in her boots, stockings and suspender belt.

&nbsp;

�Let me see your tongue Boy.�

&nbsp;

She grasped the organ with the finger tips and thumb
of her right hand and pulled it fully out, twisting and turning it under the bright
light until Stewart started to gag. Satisfied she mounted the stirrups and was
soon fully splayed in front of him with the labia flopped fully and her entire
genitalia on display with it�s crinkly folds and dark
opening. 

&nbsp;

�This time I want you to clean me out starting on the right side of
my thigh, above the stocking tops, working across to my pubic hair and then
into my vagina. I want more of a housekeeping effort than anything erotic.�

&nbsp;

Stewart turned his head to the left and started methodically licking
her inner right thigh tasting the sweaty skin as he licked it clean. The area
was plump and he had some difficulty in forcing his tongue into the sweaty junction
between thigh and crotch. His tongue then moved on to her pubic hair that felt,
to his increasingly tender tongue tip, even coarser than it appeared. It
certainly held the scent of the bodily secretions but against all his instincts
he continued to wash and lick moving inexorably towards the outer labia that
marked the edge between the hair and her splayed and wrinkled lips.

&nbsp;

An excruciating jolt to the tip of his penis was followed by a curt
order from above his head:

&nbsp;

�Now clean the inside Boy!�

&nbsp;

Taking a deep breath, which he instantly regretted, he extended his
now tired tongue fully and started on the soft female folds in long slow licks.
He felt a surge of panic well up in his chest realising that his tongue was
getting more fatigued and slower by the second and yet knowing that any sign of
this would result in another gripping shock.

&nbsp;

It did.

&nbsp;

This time the electrodes placed alongside each testicle was
triggered, and the level must have been turned to at or near maximum. It felt
for a brief second as if they had been trapped between two hot bricks and he
pushed his face into the wide opening exhaling a long moan. He had to admit
that the fear of a repeat shock cured his fatigue and he went back to his
slavish work until another order told him to go for the centre. To his relief
the orgasm was almost instantaneous and accompanied by a jet of fluid that hit
his mouth and chin.

&nbsp;

The rest as she shuddered and twitched was all too short and he was
soon starting on the other thigh, working inwards. Once again his scrotum
contents paid the price for the slowness of his tongue on two occasions. He did
give a brief hope that she would show some mercy as she must have known just
how tired and sore his tongue must be but then realised that this sort of
woman, when given the authority over him, was incapable of such feelings.

&nbsp;

Again he succeeded in triggering her senses and she then moved away
from him and stood in the stirrups. Stewart�s hopes rose that this could be the
end but she simply turned around to face the other way. 

&nbsp;

�You�re here to learn respect for females Stewart�, she muttered
over her shoulder. �Look on this as a little test of your obedience to a
wardress rather than anything sexual. Get licking!�

&nbsp;

She lowered herself down with a thud on to the leather and leaned
forward. Her ample buttock cheeks were well spread and the anal cleft exposed
with only the thick pubic hair affording any protection from his gaze. He
almost sniggered thinking how appropriate the first part of her surname was to
this particular officer but then realised that any joke was on him. The
combination of stale perspiration and bodily scents would have to be ignored
and the ultimate service to another human carried out without hesitation. He
moved his head forward in the latex collar until his extended tongue touched
the centre of the valley�and started his servitude.

&nbsp;

Perhaps she derived some sexual pleasure from his tongue, perhaps
some sexual pleasure came from forcing this humiliation upon him; he would
never know. Certainly every time his tongue tip slowed a sharp jolt hit either his glans, urethra or testes. Cleaning the cleft was
bad enough with the matted hair sticking to his lips and teeth but when he
reached the puckered centre he was made aware of the need to clean even that
with yet another shock across his genitals. He forced the sore throbbing tip of
his tongue against the sphincter until it relaxed slightly and enabled him to
penetrate a little. He was there to clean the area and clean it he did forcing
back his reluctance to rebel against the smell and the taste.

&nbsp;

Sensing that he had achieved at least a reasonable standard he was
determined not to slacken and finished by giving long strokes of his now drying
and sore tongue up and down the vertical hairy cleft until Mrs Cheeseman stood
up in the stirrups.

&nbsp;

Without a word she climbed down, dressed and left leaving him in the
hands of the nurse. After she had carried out the harsh cleansing of his mouth
and teeth with the paste burning the raw sensitive tongue she announced that he
would not be required for the rest of the night as his next staff member had been
called away. It was a relieved prisoner who climbed backwards out of the horse
and stood whilst the nurse removed the electrodes from his crotch.

&nbsp;

He was about to dress himself when the Nurse reached up and removed
the leather paddle from the wall. It had a long flexible shaft with a small
round thick business end about three inches in diameter. The design was
obviously to concentrate the whole weight of the paddle to a small area on
impact. His heart almost stopped, surely he hadn�t received any complaints and
both wardresses had achieved orgasms. She stood in front of him, shorter than
he by a good few inches and stared at him through her glasses.

&nbsp;

�Unfortunately boy, neither member of staff seemed to have
remembered to fill in their comment sheet so I have no way of assessing whether
you have earned a beating or not. I hate to say this but I had better err on
the side of safety and give you a good walloping. No point in
me taking a risk. It does seem a shame as I�m sure that you tried hard
and this paddle is a real nasty one if I concentrate on a small area�but I have
to follow the rules.�

&nbsp;

Stewart couldn�t believe that after all the humiliation and hard
work he was still going to be beaten by this young girl just because she hadn�t
bothered to check with the staff members that he had worked so hard for. He
dismissed any thoughts of asking her to go easy because of his already tender
buttocks from previous corrections as he knew that the rules specifically
forbade such humanity and he was obviously in the hands of a girl who followed
the rules to the letter.

&nbsp;

She soon had him standing with his feet apart and leaning forward
with his hands flush against the wall. She gave a brief warning as to how he
was to remain in position until she told him otherwise and that she would
concentrate on a spot on the lower side of� his buttock just above the thigh.

&nbsp;

The she started.

&nbsp;

The first blow landed with a �thwuck� sound on his right buttock,
exactly where she predicted then the rest of the ten strokes she had arbitrarily
decided upon followed at a few second intervals to exactly the same spot. She
grunted with effort each time she brought the heavy disc down and the
cumulative pain was indescribable requiring Stewart to summon up every ounce of
resolve to remain in position.

&nbsp;

She then gently examined the area with her fingertips.

&nbsp;

�Mmmm. I could let
you have the other ten on the same spot as it would be very effective, but you
will already be getting a severe bruise there, so I will go easy on you and let
you have the rest on the other cheek. Don�t think of moving unless you want to
have a visit to the guardroom and then have to come back to have this beating
all over again.�

&nbsp;

The thought of a guardroom cane hitting the area then even more
whacks with this diabolical paddle helped Stewart to remain leaning on the wall
even though his knees bent each stroke as he desperately absorbed the pain the
young girl was handing out. At last it was over and he dressed with the two
throbbing areas hurting like hell. He also knew that this concentration was
done to make the punishment as vicious as possible and that he would be in pain
for several hours. He just hoped that he could avoid further punishment on the
area for a few days. 

&nbsp;

He was dressed and just about to leave when, sorting out some papers
on the desk the Nurse triumphantly found the papers that she was looking for.

&nbsp;

�Oh dear!� she murmured �It seems that both ladies did tick the
forms and placed you in the acceptable band so there was no need for the
punishment. I won�t apologise Stewart as it will all help to make you a better
prisoner won�t it?

&nbsp;

What could he do? He felt like slapping her but knew that he must
simply accept that a mistake had been made or that more probably he had been
deliberately set up for the girl�s amusement, he had been made to suffer
unnecessarily and that she was now gloating at his impotence to do anything
about it. He reacted in the only way he could with eyes looking at the floor in
front of her feet:

&nbsp;

�Thank you Miss.�

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The Governors next remark snapped him back to the present. �You will
leave first thing in the morning, it will be a long
drive in the prison van so make sure that the prisoners are properly seated and
that you use the equipment in the van for their hygiene requirements�.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Awaiting the order to �dismiss� he was surprised when the Governor
continued with her talk:

&nbsp;

�Assuming that you come back with a good report, you may look
forward to resuming your duties as a prison officer with a little more
authority. I have long been aware of the imbalance between male and female
officers and the very useful contribution that the right male officer could
make to improving the discipline here in the centre. I
therefore have it in mind to appoint you to be a Male Disciplinary Officer who
will have wide powers of punishment on both formal and routine occasions. I
have noted that some female prisoners react more to being dealt with by lady
correctional officers and some by male correctional officers. We will, I hope
achieve the worst of both worlds for the inmates.�

&nbsp;

�So Stewart, it�s down to you, come up with a good report from this
visit and you will carry on where you left off with your squad but with
increased duties and status�.

&nbsp;

�Dismiss!�

&nbsp;

Stewart hurried back to the squad�s accommodation to brief the
senior female. They would have just a few hours to collect their travel
holdalls, pack their kit and get some sleep before being called at 0400am for
ablutions, room cleaning and breakfast. He would inspect them at 0730.

&nbsp;

But first he had to deal with the four who had committed the early
offences:.

&nbsp;

Having called Dickinson into the office, he briefed her on her new status as squad leader
and fastened a red neck band around her throat that would signify her status
even when stripped. Yet another recent introduction to the
administration of this particular Correctional Centre.

&nbsp;

The new squad leader soon had the eleven other prisoners paraded in
the punishment room. They were dressed in the formal blouse skirts and ties and
stood in a rigid line that she then joined.�
Stewart slowly walked up the front then the rear of the line examining
the prisoners dress for any infractions. Three of them were visibly shaking and
all were wondering whether they were the ones who had failed the earlier panty
inspection.

&nbsp;

No effort had been spared to present themselves
as correctly as possible and Stewart even muttered a �Well done� to them as he
stood them at ease and proceeded to the matter in hand. They had all noticed
the two piles of thongs that he had placed on a rear table. He picked up the
four offending garments and read out the names of the owners from a piece of
paper. One of them was Thorpe.

&nbsp;

�It seems that these squad members have yet to learn that I will not
tolerate any carelessness with a prisoner�s personal hygiene. I could place all
of you on report and you would then have to face the Governor with your excuses
before she decided how you should be punished. I would prefer to punish you
myself but three strokes of the strap would be insufficient to ensure that you
were taught the seriousness of your offence. I have therefore asked one of the
centre nurses to attend this session so that an appropriate punishment can be
inflicted. Whilst we await her arrival I will still give you three with the
strap so that you can feel my personal displeasure�.

&nbsp;

It would be some time before they were allowed to their bunks.














It was eleven pm before the evenings training was over and the squad dismissed. The Centre Nurse had elected to use a small but vicious martinet on the girls with the reportedly soiled panties. They were made to lay naked on their backs with their knees up to their chests as the device was lashed down on to their unprotected pudenda and anal cleft. She laid the punishment on without any compassion ensuring that the small knots in the leather thongs found the more sensitive targets. Stewart regretted that the girls were still unshaved as he had yet to make a decision of the style of their pubic hair or even whether they would be allowed to retain any at all. The copious crotch hair, particularly on Thorpe, offered a degree of protection from the knots in the martinet but with the splayed legs and spread vulvas the exposed sensitive areas helped to make up for this.

Early morning saw the squad paraded outside the prison transit van. The twelve females of various ages, size and shapes were soon strapped to the individual grating seats over the bowls with their panties down to their ankles. Stewart had been accompanied by one of the wardresses Miss Horne who made herself comfortable in the rear of the crew cab and Mr Turman one of the young trainee warders who sat in the front seats with himself and the driver.

It was obvious that young Turman had read the manual for the vehicle and he soon familiarised himself with the controls. Firstly he turned on the speaker and TV screen so that the prisoners in the rear enclosed cabin could be visually and audibly monitored and then turned the air conditioning to maximum cold. The prisoners were experiencing their first journey in the van and would soon find out that Mr Turman was determined to make the journey as unpleasant as possible. They had been briefed that no �comfort� stops would be made for them and that they were positioned so that they could relieve themselves at any time.

Half an hour into the drive all the females were shaking with cold when Mr Turman decided it was time for their first intimate wash down. He selected the controls for the lowest water temperature and the maximum spray force. Twelve voices screamed their surprise as the ice cold jets hit their spread cheeks and scoured their sensitive areas clean. 

The journey time in the log would show a drive of some three hours, but to the prisoners it felt like days. The temperature alternated between freezing cold and steamy heat with the spray sometimes ice-cold and some times stingingly hot. It was well into one of Mr Turman&#8217;s freezingly cold periods when the van arrived at an old Manor house buried deep in its own grounds and they were released shivering into their new place of incarceration.

The staff quarters were in an annexe to the Manor. Each had its own lounge, bathroom and bedroom and with the thick walls and carpets, security and privacy would not be an issue. Stewart was told by an attractive young housekeeper that the owner, Lady Halliday, was away on business but would be retuning that evening when they would all dine together.

The prisoner&#8217;s accommodation was anything but luxurious. There were three old wooden shacks arranged in a row with a small paved gap between them. The outer ones were for the sleeping accommodation with bare wooden floors, old iron beds, small bedside cupboards and curtain less windows. The centre was the ablutions block divided by a curtain between the male and female sections. Inside it was primitive to say the least. There were three cubicles without doors that contained chemical toilets and opposite a row of showers, again without any screens to even limit the view of the prisoners when washing. 

His squad had already packed their kit away and were being marched away in their work dress of boots, ankle socks, denim skirt and thin white vests to commence their duties under the command of Mr Turman.



Stewart walked into the male block just as a parade had been called. Mrs Cheeseman welcomed him and said that he would now be able to get acquainted with the male prisoners and she introduced him to the two junior wardresses who were part of her staff. Firstly she introduced Miss Nicola Brooks, a tall extremely athletic girl of around thirty with frizzy ginger hair partly controlled by a pony tail. She explained that Nicola&#8217;s hobby was body building and said that Stewart had a delight in store when he saw her stripped down for taking the prisoners for PT. Nicola blushed slightly beneath her deep tan and grinned widely as she shook his hand with surprising firmness that almost made him wince.

The other junior was Miss Kirsty Jones who was scarcely old enough for even a junior position. It seems that she had just left school and was on work experience in the newly formed cadet organisation that allowed younger people to gain experience of the new Correctional Centres when still in education. She was just over five feet tall and carrying a lot of puppy fat, most of which, Stewart noticed approvingly from the tightness of her uniform jacket, was around her upper half. 

She was a rather plain-faced girl with short fair hair in a boyish style. She wore no make up and had a serious expression that seemed fixed to her face. Stewart thought of his own time as prisoner and almost shuddered at the thought of this young girl being in charge and granted almost total authority over males several times her age. She too shook his hands but the grip was less firm and her hands were damp from perspiration.

The males were arranged in two lines, one behind the other and all at rigid attention. They were dressed in the ridiculously thin shorts that came only an inch or so below their crotch. An equally thin vest covered their torsos and white trainers were worn on their feet. He could not help notice how their genitals bulged behind the thin material and knew that the slightest start of an erection would be apparent to any observer.

Mrs Cheeseman walked up and down each line in the manner of a military sergeant. Miss Brooks followed two paces behind with her note book open and pen poised to record any infractions. 

Fortunately there were only two minor errors with slight smudges on their white trainers being found. The culprits were called to the front, ordered to bend over grasping their ankles and Miss Jones summoned to administer justice. She was removing a device that had been hanging from her leather waist belt. This was similar to the one that had once been used on Stewart. It was a flexible shaft like a riding crop but at the end was a three inch diameter leather disc with a half inch hole in the centre; clearly the regulation strap had been replaced at the male establishment. With calm deliberation the young girl raised the two foot long springy shaft with the tab quivering at the end and brought it down on the lower right cheek of the first offender with a loud �crack�. She followed this with two more strokes to the same spot.

Stewart, remembering how a similar implement had felt when he received it almost felt sorry for the male. He appreciated how using what looked like a fairly gentle implement, but using it repeatedly on the same spot would savagely increase the pain. The next victim, a young lad of about the same age as the wardress, had already been punished and as he bent over a round discoloured bruise appeared on his left buttock. Miss Jones swiftly pulled his shorts up to fully expose the area and brought the disc cracking down three times on that spot causing a gasp of pain to be forced through the boy&#8217;s lips. Clearly a new arrival who had much to learn about taking punishment without protest.

The parade over, Stewart decided to take a look around the estate to see what facilities it had to offer. 

A short way down a track there was the small modern dressage barn with a wood chip floor on which&nbsp; horses could be exercised in inclement weather. It was now used for a far less pleasant purpose. Stewart fully accepted that they would need a place where formal punishments could be administered if they were to keep the prisoners on top line and this place was large enough to have the two teams paraded and, allowed to sit on uncomfortable straw bales when awaiting the decision from Mrs Cheeseman on what their punishment would be.

A row of comfortable garden chairs were provided for any witnesses that cared to attend from the Manor House, directly in front of which was an improvised punishment horse consisting of a heavy trestle with straps hanging down.&nbsp; It was simple enough to see how it could be used, the victim would stand at one end and his or her ankles would be pulled apart and strapped to the inverted V that formed the legs. They would then be ordered to lie along the top and their wrists strapped to the far end. No doubt there were other more uncomfortable ways of securing a prisoner for punishment that he would learn later. On a table next to the horse was the collection of implements and devices that had been brought in the travelling punishment kit. Some items such as canes and straps were replicated with both centres sending such a selection, but others specifically designed for one sex use lay in isolation. Stewart was pleased to note that several understraps had been sent along with some of the new type of nipple clamps that were combined with a punishment brassiere he had yet to see demonstrated.

He continued his walk and came across a group of four from his squad weeding a large flower bed. Despite the chill weather they were in their work dress of heavy boots, short socks and just a thin �T� shirt over a short denim skirt. They were working unsupervised and simply assumed that he had come to check on them. They sprang to attention where they stood, ignoring the aches from their backs and soreness of their knees where they had been pressed into the rough surfaces around the garden. He called out a curt �Carry on working� to which they immediately responded and he made a mental note to check them out later that day to see just how stiff this unaccustomed exercise had made them.

He called by Miss Jones&#8217;s office to check and found her with one of the male charges, a well built man in his forties. He was standing at the present to the left of her office chair as she worked on some paper work on her desk. She seemed to be ignoring him but he was having some difficulty in ignoring her as she sat with her shoulder almost touching his thigh, in her bulging uniform shirt the top few buttons of which were undone with the tie lying on her desk

Having greeted Stewart and inviting him to sit she responded to his quizzical look by glancing at the prisoner and explaining that there had been a complaint that he hadn&#8217;t been pulling his weight that morning on domestic duties and she was pondering what to do with him.

�I could of course give him a few with my slapper, but on the other hand I could put him on a charge and have him dealt with at the next punishment session. I suppose he would prefer the first option.� She glanced up at the male who was doing his best not to show any emotion that could cause her to become irritated.

�Naturally, should he commit any further offences whilst standing here it could resolve the quandary for me. I&#8217;m afraid that this prisoner has the reputation of being unable to control his lust so, if you don&#8217;t mind Dave, I will be keeping a close eye on him. He seems in control at the moment �� 

She slowly slid her left hand up the leg of his thin shorts and manually checked his crotch. The prisoner screwed his eyes tight as he fought to imagine himself anywhere but in the present situation. Stewart found himself feeling some empathy as he remembered the impossibility of controlling himself when, as a prisoner, he had been in the same situation. Instead of the brief check that he was hoping for she kept her young fingers around his shaft as she continued to talk to Stewart.

�You may have heard that this particular squad has been denied any form of relief for over a month now, not even a milking session. Even the ones without the chastity devices are rather tightly wound.&nbsp; Mrs Cheeseman tells us that males are far more responsive and obedient when �denied� although we do have a lot of problems with them having stiffies. Nothing that can&#8217;t be dealt with of course, but irritating to the staff.�

Her attitude suddenly changed and she sprang from her chair to stand in front of the wretch.

�I don&#8217;t believe this!� she stormed: �I have hardly touched you and you are daring to display an erection. Drop your shorts!�

A nervous glance at Stewart and the male slid the shorts down to his spread knees and snapped back to the present position. His penis was barely raised from the fully deflated but if this young vixen said that he had lost control, then that was the way he would be dealt with. She leant forward so that her uniform shirt sagged slightly enabling the wretch to see the tops of her tightly encased young breasts. She gripped the organ almost gently and slowly slid the foreskin back to expose him. At the same time her other hand cradled his scrotum protectively. Stewart wondered if the male could feel the cold clamminess of her hands that he had noticed earlier.

His tumescence grew beyond his control until the organ was fully erect, still held by the young wardress. She was furious, conveniently ignoring the fact that she alone had caused his reaction. She apologised to Stewart and standing in front of the prisoner, started slapping him hard across the face with her right palm and then across his other cheek with the back of the hand several times. She put her weight behind the slaps and the male, had no choice but to stand rigidly at the present and accept this face beating from the short young wardress, desperately hoping that he would not incur further fury. She eventually sat down somewhat out of breath, disdainfully wiping her hands on a tissue from the box on her desk as she pondered what his fate would be. 

�It&#8217;s unfortunate that we don&#8217;t have a Centre Nurse with us otherwise I would arrange for this wretch to have an extended period of genital discipline. The best I can do is to put him on report for a punishment session. I think that rather than suggest a suitable level of infliction, I will simply charge him and let Mrs Cheeseman decide at the time, I&#8217;m sure that she will be even keener than I to ensure that he will be suitably dealt with.&nbsp; Let&#8217;s see� Failure to carry out domestic duties to a sufficient standard�and being found with an erection in the presence of a lady officer should do it. Dress yourself and dismiss�&nbsp; wretch!�&nbsp; 

Hurriedly, the red faced prisoner struggled with his shorts and left the office. Miss Jones continued her conversation as if nothing had happened.

�As you may know, Dave, I am on the new cadet schemes and there hasn&#8217;t been time for a formalised training course so Mrs Cheeseman has agreed to have me here for training on the job. I&#8217;m possibly being allowed my first prisoner for personal service this evening so I am getting rather excited at the thought of having one of them to do with as I please for a couple of hours. Perhaps it will be one of your females. Perhaps I will get that wretch that you have just seen.&nbsp; Once he has had a decent beating at the punishment session he should be a little more respectful to me. It will be the first time that I have a person standing in front of me without anyone else present who will have to do exactly as I wish and I want to make sure that it is an occasion that he or she won&#8217;t forget. Any tips that you can give me will be most appreciated�.

Stewart smiled and assured her that from what he had seen so far she seemed to have a natural bent towards dominating prisoners. �The essential thing to bear in mind Kirsty is that your reputation can be made or broken with these sessions as the prisoners are bound to talk amongst themselves. Don&#8217;t let them get away with anything. If they step out of line, send them down the guardroom for an �unofficial�, as many times as is necessary. Use your own swatter freely for minor slips and do your best to make any service you make them perform as unpleasant as possible. The end result should be that the word gets around and all of the prisoners are terrified of what you may require them to do and most importantly, displeasing you in any way. If you like I can ask Miss Horne to drop by �Unexpectedly� to check on your progress. She can use her strap on him and give you a few pointers. Fortunately she is qualified with both female and male prisoners so she knows her stuff�.

�Thanks, Dave, but the problem is that we don&#8217;t have a guardroom here, so where can I send a prisoner for an unofficial or two?

�Good point, I&#8217;m sure that Mrs Cheeseman has planned something to cover that problem, I will check with her and get back to you.&nbsp; What would be ideal would be to allow us to punish above our rank, you know, to allow us to say cane the prisoners when they asked for it. It wouldn&#8217;t do my girls any harm and might even improve their overall performance. How do you feel about laying the cane on?�

Miss Jones looked thoughtful . � I would certainly do my best but I doubt that I could swing a cane like the senior wardresses do, still I could add extra strokes I suppose to make up for my lack of expertise�.

��and how do you feel about the practice of lady wardresses being stripped to the waist for formal punishments?� he enquired.

Kirsty grinned widely and admitted that she always enjoyed tempting any of the prisoners with brief flashes of her underwear and perhaps, exposing herself even more to them would be an even bigger turn on. She had also wondered how it felt being a female prisoner herself in the hands of someone like Stewart and how she would feel when ordered to strip for an inspection. 

Half joking,&nbsp; Stewart said that he could answer that question right away; all she had to do was to lock the office door and stand at the present in front of him. She pondered the suggestion, grinned and said that as this was hardly the time and place to ensure privacy, how about they continued this discussion later that day in Stewart&#8217;s room?



Stewart could not believe that this girl was serious and really wanted to know how a prisoner felt. �You realise that you will have to do anything that I order and that any reluctance on your part will have to be dealt with immediately. That I always make these inspections as humiliating and uncomfortable as I can?� he asked quietly.

�Yes Sir�. She replied with a smile.

��and that the slightest lack of respect by you or any error will have to be dealt with using corporal punishment of the type and severity that one of the female prisoners would expect?�

She again replied with a �Yes Sir� but this time it was almost inaudible.

Stewart then said that this would have to be cleared by Mrs Cheeseman; otherwise they could both be in for some real trouble. Blushingly Miss Jones agreed and said that she looked forward to hearing when �she would be dealt with�.

Stewart continued his walk and soon located the block where Mrs Cheeseman had set up her office her office. He knocked politely at the door and entered to the command of her voice.&nbsp; He quickly raised the problem about not having access to a guardroom for unofficial Punishments and learned, as he had expected, that the solution had already been determined.&nbsp; An officer from both groups was to be available on a 24 hour basis to act as punishment staff. The restriction on their powers of punishment was temporarily suspended to ensure that they could inflict thorough disciplines when necessary. Any reluctance and the offender was to be offered the choice between an official punishment where he or she would be sentenced by Mrs Cheeseman acting in place of the Governor, or taking an unofficial. The main advantage being that the latter would not appear on the prisoners conduct sheet. 

�This is yet another chance for you to shine Stewart�so make the most of it.� She intoned.

She then went on to the provision of personal services for the staff who were at the Manor. She realised that Stewart would need a female and that he would be unable under the regulations to use one of his own squad. She had authority to suspend that particular rule and as of now, all the prisoners could be used if he had any need for one of the males, he only had to ask. Naturally, her own staff would simply choose one of the females from his squad if and when they felt the need of a change from selecting one of the males.

Stewart took this opportunity of mentioning Miss Jones&#8217; suggestion that she should experience how a prisoner felt and was surprised at the enthusiasm with which Mrs Cheesman greeted it.

�What an excellent training session that would be�provided of course that you did it properly and didn&#8217;t go easy on her. I will draw up a specific order for her attendance on you�it could be a delightful surprise for her�I will have it typed out so that she realises that it won&#8217;t simply be a game and that she will really be made to feel as the prisoners do�.however unpleasant you choose to make that�.

Stewart mentioned how she had handled the male in her office. There was, of course, no question of Mrs Cheeseman criticising Miss Jones for what was obviously entrapment. Instead she concentrated on the problem that they had with male erections. She mentioned how she believed in little or no sexual relief for them as it really kept them on their toes especially when it included activities such as saddle duty�

They exchanged knowing smiles.

�It did have this downside of them stiffening up at the most inopportune times.� She mused. � but,&nbsp; this is a small price to pay for having a dozen really horny males almost twitching with hope and frustration. Anyhow, I have yet to see one of them maintain an erection during a really thorough thrashing�.


Their conversation was interrupted by Miss Horne who came in to report that one of Stewart&#8217;s females Thorpe had sprained her left wrist when she carelessly fell moving some bales of hay. To be on the safe side and taking into consideration the lack of prison nursing staff Miss Cheeseman instructed Stewart to take the girl to the local hospital for a check. 

In just a few minutes he had driven the girl, a short dumpy female&nbsp; to the A and E and found that they were expected. The girl had hurriedly changed from her work clothes into her school type dress that was even more humiliating when seen in public. Stewart was asked to take a seat in the waiting area, which he did with the prisoner standing at attention at his side. The staff were not particularly busy and several stopped to observe the female who blushed continually at the interest. In just a few minutes they were called to an examination area and Stewart explained the situation to two very junior male doctors assisted by a severe looking senior nurse. The doctors could scarcely contain their amazement. They had obviously heard about these new centres but had never met one of the inmates. The nurse however had previously met staff who were on a visit to Lady Halliday and knew exactly how to deal with the female ordering her to take a seat on a small stool in the cubicle.

Instinctively Thorpe&#8217;s knees flew apart as she sat and her hands were clasped behind her despite the pain that caused. She nervously explained how she had hurt her wrist and offered it to one of the doctors to examine. The nurse curtly ordered her to remove her tie then her shirt by the nurse. Blushing she resumed her position with the doctor carefully feeling round her arm.

Stewart found himself explaining the rules of the centre to the fascinated doctors but found that the nurse seemed to know as much as he did. Having decided that there was no real injury the nurse was told to apply a firm crepe bandage to the offending wrist which she did with not the slightest care about the obvious pain that this caused,&nbsp; even to the extent of slapping her across the face a couple of times for fidgeting. When one the doctors looked shocked the nurse turned towards Stewart and asked if she had been punished recently.

Stewart laughed and said that this was one of his most troublesome charges and that it had been necessary to have her disciplined several times. He ordered her to her feet and to bend over the chair. The nurse gave him a quick look to obtain his permission and slowly pulled down her regulation white panties.

The nurse stared impassively at the marks that covered nearly all of the large soft buttocks and the doctors could be heard to gasp.

�I saw a female just a few weeks ago who seemed to need to learn the hard way. I take it that the rule still applies that no allowances are to be made for any earlier bruising if she requires correcting?�

�Indeed not�, replied Stewart. �She also collected a few strokes with one of the crotch martinets last night for soiled underwear before we left for the Manor House�.

The nurse then explained that she had visited the house at Lady Halliday&#8217;s request the last time she had �guests� staying and had made a point of being present for the evening&#8217;s punishment session every night. She was surprised to hear that there was a male squad in residence and said how interested she would be in the methods of control that were used for them. She mentioned that she had a few free days due and offered to attend the Manor if this would be helpful.

At this point one of the doctors questioned what was meant by a crotch martinet and the nurse ordered the bent over girl to remove her panties and lay on the bench with her knees spread. To Thorpe&#8217;s blushing humiliation they both examined her pubic area intently and found the small bruises that the knots had left behind commenting that had she been shaved she would have felt it more. They firmly pulled her vaginal lips apart and looked at the sensitive pink flesh.

�The martinet is always laid on with the legs well spread and the amount of punishment that the inner labia receive is dependant on how much the girl �gapes� in that position. It looks as if she is one of the �tighter� ones that suffers less� the nurse muttered. �Frankly, unless the girl is shaved and has spreader clips applied to open up the sensitive areas I don&#8217;t see much point in using the crotch martinet. When it lands on the clitoris and inner lips they certainly seem to feel it more and that is always the purpose of any punishment. If I was carrying out a post-punishment inspection she would be sent back for an immediate re-application.�

Thorpe was left to dress herself despite the difficulties that her strapped up arm presented.&nbsp; She left the hospital with the fervent hope that she would not fall under the authority of the nurse when she paid her promised visit to the Manor House.




In what seemed like no time at all the entire group were in the dressage barn for the first punishment session of the visit. Lady Halliday had arrived early and was sitting comfortably in a wooden arm chair with a group of her friends and lady staff members gathered around her. Stewart was surprised as he had been expecting the usual country lady of leisure, plump and older than he. Instead she was an extremely tall female in her mid-thirties with what was obviously a superbly fit and well-shaped body.&nbsp; Her long dark hair was tied in a strict bun and she was dressed in a business suit indicating that she had come directly from some meeting. Her face was that of a total autocrat who expected and always had her own way. She was attractive rather than pretty with a large nose and almost cat like eyes. He would later learn that she was the trophy wife of a very successful industrialist who satisfied her every financial whim for the privilege of being able to show her off on important occasions. Spoilt and petulant she had the power to make anyone who crossed her regret their action deeply.&nbsp; All the staff had been made totally aware of the need to leave this lady well and truly satisfied with the way the staff conducted business whilst enjoying their stay on her estate.

The row of female prisoners stood rigidly at attention in their school type uniforms&nbsp; facing an equally rigid line of males in their thin shorts and vests. They were then allowed to sit on the bales with their hands behind their backs and knees at the regulation 45 degree spread. They were told that if their name was called out they were to come to the attention, then&nbsp; march forward and stand in front of Mrs Cheeseman&#8217;s table.

The first name called was that of the hapless male who had earlier enraged Miss Jones. Having snapped to attention in front of the desk he listened as Miss Cheeseman slowly read the charge sheet, then stared at him intently.

�The sooner the male prisoners realise that any lack of control will be dealt with severely, the sooner they will learn to control themselves. You will receive ten strokes of&nbsp; S and C.� 

The prisoner groaned as he was led to the horse and told to strip naked. He placed his uniform items on the adjacent table and obediently lay over the punishment support. Miss Jones glanced towards Mrs Cheeseman as she picked up on the wrist restraints and received a shake of her head in return. This was to be an unsecured infliction that would require an amazing degree of self control from the prisoner.

Stewart was not the only person who was confused by the term S and C. So were the assembled civilians and the female prisoners. They were soon to learn that it was one of Mrs Cheeseman&#8217;s favourite punishments.

With the male in position, clinging desperately to the horse, Miss Brookes selected a thick strap from the adjacent table and ran it through her fingers. It was two feet long and only an inch wide and made from one of the stiffer hides so that despite the presumed regular oiling, it was stiff enough not to droop too much when held out. She lifted it over her shoulder and brought it down with a crack over the centre of the buttocks. Surprisingly she then stepped to the side and was replaced by Mrs Cheeseman holding a medium cane. Taking careful aim she brought it down across the middle of the red swathe that was starting to appear on the skin. 

A low gasp of pain and resignation was heard from the male. So the S stood for strap and the C stood for cane. Laid on in this manner it would be far more painful than say 10 strokes of the strap followed by 10 of the cane, but that of course, was the purpose behind the technique.

The application continued at a leisurely pace so that the wretch across the horse had ample time to absorb each stroke of both implements. When the fifth stroke of the strap had been laid on cutting across the tops of the thighs, Mrs Cheeseman&nbsp; took up position and brought the cane whistling down. Unfortunately, for the victim, she missed the thin band of red left by the strap and struck an unpunished area.&nbsp; Mrs Cheeseman apologised to Miss Brookes and asked her to lay the stroke on again, which she did with commendable accuracy across her original swelling weal. Mrs Cheeseman&nbsp; then laid the cane on again, this time managing to hit the correct but agonisingly tender target.

Stewart had to keep his expression rigid in case he displayed any sympathy with the prisoner. For no reason under his control he would have to accept as many strokes as were necessary to achieve the S and C type punishment. Only Mrs Cheeseman&#8217;s personal pride and her considerable experience with the cane would save him from a much harsher punishment than the one to which he was sentenced.

It was eventually over. The male dressed and limped back to his uncomfortable seat on the straw bale. One of the female prisoners replaced him by the name of Lessing. She was in her early forties, rather attractive and with a tall but plump body that looked even more absurd in the school uniform. Her hair was dark and cut short and her somewhat haughty face showed signs of real fear as to what was to happen. 

The charge of �Slacking during a work session� was read out and after due consideration Mrs Cheeseman sentenced her to 8 strokes of the cane. A light enough sentence that should have been received with relief, rather than the woman&#8217;s look of horror. 

Just then, Lady Halliday gave an exclamation of surprise and stood up.

�Excuse me Mrs Cheeseman, but I seem to know this prisoner. I believe that she was in the employ of my husband in one of his city firms where she caused him some considerable trouble at various times with her attitude�.

Lessing&#8217;s heart sank. She had hoped against hope that she would not be recognised. She had indeed worked in a very senior boardroom capacity for the husband and, after months of sexual intimidation from him, had sued for sexual harassment. Everyone warned her that it would ruin her career and it had. The whole case had been loaded against her with other females, in a similar position siding with the industrialist in the hope of securing their own jobs. Her final downfall was when she completely lost her temper when the lady judge threw her case out of court and shouted her contempt across the court to her.

The judge had no option but to deal with this abuse of a female in public service and sentenced her to a minimum of six months in the correctional centre.

Lady Halliday continued:

�I would ask that you and your staff keep a particular watch over this woman and ensure that she learns some respect for her betters. I would ask that I be given a daily report on her conduct whilst she is here and that you deal with her in the strictest manner�.

Mrs Cheeseman immediately regretted the rather lenient punishment that she had ordered and resolved to made amends as soon as possible. She then offered Lady Halliday her full support in correcting the obviously appalling attitude of the woman

Miss Horne was asked to inflict the sentence and taking the attitude that it would be in her own interests to start the woman&#8217;s life of misery as soon as possible. She advanced on the older female with a cold smile. Having read the prisoners file earlier and heard the Lady Halliday&#8217;s comments, she was more than happy to let her feel how it felt to be under another woman&#8217;s total control. 

She was made to stand facing away from Lady Halliday&#8217;s group and then told to remove her panties and hand them to Miss Horne who threw them casually on the barn floor. She was ordered to bend over with her legs wide apart and clasp her legs as far down towards the ankles as possible. With some grunting and a visible effort she managed to grasp just below her rather podgy knees.

With her legs wide apart she presented a most humiliating view of her rather hairy anal cleft and crotch&nbsp; and&nbsp; was soon trembling in sheer embarrassment.

Lady Halliday could be heard to comment how shocked she was at the amount of weight Lessing had put on since she last saw her and how she had always been irritated by the way she had flounced around the office with her chest thrust out to attract the men.

�This, girl, will be eight hard strokes across your buttocks. You will remain bent over until I give the order to stand. Under no circumstances will you attempt to avoid any stroke by moving or placing your hands in the way. Is that understood?�

A muffled �Yes Miss� emerged from the red faced woman.

This was to be Miss Horne&#8217; first real application of the cane, and she was determined to impress Miss Cheeseman and the watching prisoners with her severity.

Having selected a suitable cane from the collection on offer, Miss Horne advanced on the prisoner, stood well to her left and gave the cane a few experimental swishes. She then raised it over her shoulder and brought it whistling in to dig into the plump cheeks. The woman gasped and shuffled a little on her feet as she absorbed the pain. The second came down and struck in almost the same spot.

It was the oldest trick in the book for the caner to lay all the strokes on the same area. It would have been far kinder to spread them out over the entire punishment surface but Miss Horne was clearly doing her best to establish a reputation for severity.

Which she did. 

The next six struck home so that the entire swathe of growing weals only covered a band of two inches across the lower part of the woman&#8217;s ample buttocks. She was then told to face her Ladyship at the attention, but with her skirt still up around her waist.

�Well,&nbsp; Lessing, I intend to play my part in two aspects of your stay here. The first will be to get some of that fat off you and the second will be to teach you some manners. I imagine that my husband&nbsp; may well wish to concern himself in these and other matters�.

�Dismiss!�


Shaking with pain, fear and humiliation she replaced her regulation panties and limped red faced back to the straw seat sitting with an audible gasp.

Next for punishment was the young male by the name of Barnett who had taken some stokes earlier with Miss Jones&#8217;s slapper. He was charged with refusal to accept punishment. It seemed that following his earlier punishment Miss Jones had found further fault with him and ordered him to bend for more whacks. She no doubt aimed for the same area that she had laid the slapper on earlier knowing that the young boy would probably be unable to take it. His instinctive leap to the upright position with his hands clasped protectively over the impact point was perfectly understandable to any humane person that might have been watching, but to Miss Jones it was a flagrant attempt to avoid punishment. Rather than allow him to take the swats again she gave him the grim news that his movement had earned him a place on the night&#8217;s punishment session.


Mrs Cheeseman stared at the now frightened youth.

�When a wardress considers it necessary to give you a summary punishment, boy, you have to accept it, no matter how uncomfortable it might be. You are very fortunate that Miss Jones didn&#8217;t charge you with failing to obey an order otherwise you would really be in for it.�

�Strip!�

With a nervous look around the barn the male prisoner removed his shorts and vest and stood at the present facing the dignitaries.&nbsp; They were surprised to see that he had a&nbsp; sealed plastic tube over his male organ.

Mrs Cheeseman explained the problems that many of the male prisoners seemed to experience in keeping their lust under control. This male was one of the ones that had been fitted with a chastity device to keep him in check and invited Lady Halliday to inspect it.&nbsp; He was soon rigidly at the present in front of her and she leaned forward to grasp the device in her right hand. She commented on how it was fixed with a thin strap that went round the scrotum and wondered how uncomfortable wearing such a contraption would be.

Mrs Cheeseman explained that they were so effective in preventing erections any thought as to comfort was never entertained. As this had been in place for nearly a month he would no doubt claim a certain discomfort. Perhaps more discomfort would be felt in his scrotum as the testes did tend to become rather tender if denied frequent ejaculation. The males certainly jumped a mile when it was necessary for a wardress to examine them in that area.

Lady Halliday thoughtfully grasped his scrotum with her other hand and gave him a firm squeeze. Despite his rigid position the boy grunted and tried to pull back.

�Keep still Boy!� yelled Mrs Cheeseman and he had to good sense to do just that even as the pressure was increased and the bulbs were pulled a little away from his body.

Oblivious to the very real pain the prisoner was feeling, the discussion continued with Lady Halliday expressing an interest in not only keeping males in a frisky condition but also in ensuring that they were properly milked albeit at infrequent intervals. She left Mrs Cheeseman in no doubt that the group was to be �emptied� in her presence in the not to distant future.


�Since you seem unable to take your punishment unrestrained, you will now be strapped over the punishment horse and receive the original punishment that you avoided� Miss Jones��

The male was soon over the horse and the two wardresses secured him over one end with his legs wide. Miss Jones unhooked her slapper and drew it back over her shoulder to bring it down across the round patch of reddened and bruised flesh at the base of his right buttock. It must have hurt like hell but two further strokes followed in exactly the same spot that left him struggling against his straps and whimpering. There was total silence from the rest of the barn as everyone awaited Mrs Cheeseman&#8217;s decision on what the rest of punishment would be.

�I need you to prove that you have learned a lesson and will take further punishment without any problems. You will therefore receive six with the slapper from Miss Jones immediately and tomorrow, you will report to her at 0800hrs, 1200hrs and 1800hrs for three strokes each time. You will not be restrained for any of these punishments and if you dare to not comply in any way you will be back here tomorrow night for a formal thrashing. Release him!�

The slapper was supposed to be an informal light punishment within the system, but here was a demonstration of how it could be one of the more feared methods of inflicting pain.

The boy was now shaking with fear as he was ordered to bend over, legs apart awaiting the six stokes. Miss Jones, though possibly even younger than her victim was determined to demonstrate her authority.

She could have inflicted all the six swats on the same spot, but no doubt realising that with a further nine to follow the next day, she could afford to be generous.&nbsp; She started by bringing the slapper down on the area that had caused the problem, knowing that the prisoner would assume that this was to be the only target. His knees buckled as he struggled to absorb the pain. She then continued the punishment, alternating the whacks between the existing bruising and the same spot on the other buttock. The flexible shaft that held the round leather disc added to the force of impact as the young wardress got into the routine� and even impressed Mrs Cheeseman.

Somehow he managed to maintain his position and he then found himself ordered to replace his clothes and sit on the straw bale. He would have many restless hours to spend wondering just how the next three strokes would be inflicted and hoping against hope that she would spread them out over his backside. Had he been more experienced with the ways of the wardresses he would have known that each report to Miss Jones would be used by her as an opportunity to inflict far more discomfort that the simple three swats.

The punishments continued for only a short time as this was, after all, the first night and there had been little scope for the assembled prisoners to rack up the usual number of offences. But the evening&#8217;s disciplines were not yet over for two prisoners and one member of the staff.

The prisoner Lessing was called over to Mrs Cheeseman and told her that she was on personal duties that night and she was to report to Mr Turman&nbsp; immediately. The mature woman, still flushed and shaking from her earlier punishment, looked across the barn and saw with rising horror that Mr Turman was regarding her with a wide grin across his young face. Her heart sank as she took on board the awful thought that she was about to become a mere plaything to someone whom she would previously have regarded as a schoolboy lout. She knew better than to even try to plead with Mrs Cheeseman that she was more than old enough to be his mother. Taking a deep breath that made her matronly breasts even more prominent, she walked over to him, eyes downcast, and curtsied her acceptance. 

Next, the young inexperienced prisoner Barnett was told to report to Miss Horne&#8217;s room. The lady wardress having achieved a very low profile so far during the visit had expressed a certain need to Mrs Cheeseman who had been happy to oblige her. Barnett would be finding out that the quietest staff members were not necessarily the kindest. If nothing else it would be perhaps better for him than lying in bed worrying about how Miss Jones would treat him the following morning.

Perhaps.


Having dismissed the males and females to their duties, Mrs Cheeseman called Miss Jones to her and handed her a brown envelope. With some trepidation the girl opened it and read the contents:

Dear Miss Jones,

It has been decided that it will be to your advantage to undergo some training that will enable you to fully appreciate how prisoners should be treated when selected to a period of personal service by one of the staff. 

You will therefore be subjected to a two hour period of training by Mr Stewart this evening. During this period he may discipline you in any way he sees fit and require you to carry out any duties of any nature that he may wish. In short, you will be reduced to the status of a female prisoner and subject to prisoner rules and obedience to authority.

You will hand this note to Mr Stewart immediately.


Signed, Mrs Cheeseman 

Shaking with either fear or excitement, she wasn&#8217;t sure which, Miss Jones handed the note to Stewart who in truth had forgotten about their earlier conversation. His face lit up and he leant over to whisper in her ear:

�Go straight to my room and wait outside. I will be along shortly as I need to collect some equipment�,

It was some minutes later that Stewart arrived at his room to find the short, plump wardress in full uniform and standing rigidly at attention. 

He ordered her inside.




























Chapter 55

Stewart brushed past the young wardress with a curt �Follow me!� as he carried the equipment into his apartment. Closing the door behind them he slid a lock into position that emphasised the position of vulnerability that Jones was now in. She sensibly stood again at attention in the centre of the lounge as Stewart arranged the items on a side table.

He then stood in front of the girl looking her up and down.

�You now know that Mrs Cheeseman has approved your request and ordered me to ensure that you really appreciate how the female prisoners here are dealt with. That means that you will obey every order without question and do exactly what I require. As corporal punishment is an essential part of the training process you may also expect to be subjected to some painful examples of that method. Do I make myself clear girl?�

Jones half muttered her reply as she stared at the floor.

Stewart picked up a wooden board around 8 inches by 18 inches and an inch thick. The underside was polished wood and Jones was immediately puzzled as to its use. It was placed on the floor in front of her and she could see that the top surface was covered in ball bearings the size of garden peas that had been firmly glued to the wood. She was ordered to undo her stockings and slip them down beneath her knees.

Blushing, for the first time that evening she reached up under her skirt and unclipped the four suspender studs that held each of the regulation uniform stockings high on her thighs and rolled the nylon material downwards.

�I intend to start with this simple device that seems to give the prisoners some discomfort. It is often used at the start of a session to place them in the right frame of mind. When I say now, you will kneel on the block with your knees together, hands on your head and body straight. You will not attempt move off it until I tell you�.


�.now!�

Jones knelt on the carpet and lifted each knee in turn to place it on the device, then knelt upright placing her hands as directed. She was surprised just how painfully the small balls were as her plump knees were compressed against their surface. She soon found that her lips were pulled back her small white teeth were exposed as she absorbed the pain.

It was only a minute into the demonstration that she leant forward in an attempt to relieve the pressure and was told harshly to keep her back straight. She had no idea how long she would be left there and realised that her plumpness at least gave her knees some cushioning even though her weight increased the overall pressure.

Stewart sat in an easy chair watching the girl dispassionately. With prisoners he had seen them compelled to take ten minutes of knee pain and he certainly wasn&#8217;t disposed to letting Jones off with much less. 

Five minutes slipped slowly by and he needed to snap out several orders to correct her position as she underwent the ordeal. Eight minutes passed and she started to tremble under the pain and stress of her position and had here eyes closed but still with bared teeth in a grimace of pain. Finally, as a tear escaped one of her closed eyes he ordered her to resume the attention position then watched the mixture of relief and pain as she struggled to her feet.

Both knees were reddened and indented with the shape of the ball bearings but her formal position prevented any thought of her soothing the area with and massage. He again addressed her.

�That was merely the first treatment that you will receive this evening. You may think that it was hurting, but believe me, you will even offer to mount the kneeling board to avoid some of the events that I have in mind. I will now move on to the subject of humiliating prisoners�.

Jones&#8217;s breath was almost returning to normal but the last remark caused a sharp intake that was only contained by her tight uniform jacket.

He continued:

�Humiliation can often be achieved by the simple removal of clothing in the presence of a staff member of either sex. Some females find a male staff member more embarrassing, others one of their own sex. A difference in age can also have its benefits. My guess is that having you strip in the presence of a senior female would be the most embarrassing and perhaps we will arrange for that later in the evening but for now, it will be just me who examines you�and remember�there is no restriction on staff members handling prisoners to carry out a full inspection�.

He let his words sink in and was about to order her to remove her jacket when the internal &#8216;phone rang. He had forgotten that he was the duty officer for the night and that any staff member requiring an �unofficial� would be calling on him.

It was young Turman. It would seem that Lessing was causing problems as she deeply resented being under the control of a highly hormonal young lad and was simply not obeying his orders. Would Mr Stewart attend to the problem please? 

He was told to send the prisoner to Mr Stewart&#8217;s room and she would be returned when her attitude had been dealt with. Miss Jones just had time to re-attach her stockings and regain her wardress composure when a nervous knock at the door announced the offender&#8217;s arrival. She was soon ordered into the room to take up the place that Miss Jones had only just vacated

Lessing was as indignant as she was dishevelled. Her flushed face and sweaty appearance gave some clues as to the activities that Mr Turman had been partaking in before he finally realised that she needed further training. He had really enjoyed having a much older snooty bitch at his disposal but to her the humiliation of having to obey the orders of what seemed to be a spotty faced schoolboy was too much to bear. The way her nipples protruded though the uniform shirt showed where his attentions had been partly directed but it would seem her total refusal to agree to provide whatever service Mr Turman required proved her downfall.

Stewart was about to start with a lecture when again he was interrupted by the &#8216;phone.

This time it was the shy retiring Miss Horne to complain about her charge Barnett. It took some effort by Stewart to extract from the shy wardress what her complaint was about. She had found him most reluctant to provide the service that she required and, like Turman, requested that Stewart carry out some attitude training on him.

In just minutes Stewart had both Lessing and Barnett side by side at attention . Slowly ideas formed in his mind as to how this situation could be used to give Miss Jones an evening to remember. Clearly he would need to maintain her authority over the prisoners but she would have no option other than to join in various disciplines that she would realise would later be applied to her. He decided to start by addressing the two wretches that had been sent to him.

�Both of you are in here because of your total lack of respect to the staff members who were in charge of you this evening. I intend that you will be returned to them in a more contrite and obedient frame of mind to the extent that you will obey any�and I mean any�order that they choose to give you. It seems that you have both refused to carry out a duty of a rather personal nature that the staff members required and so you only have yourselves to blame for what will now happen to you. I will start by administering a dozen hard strokes of the cane so that you will understand how I deal with any refusals to obey orders. You, Lessing, will be first�step forward and remove your skirt�.

Nervously the woman unclipped the short uniform skirt, removed it and placed it on a nearby chair. She was taller than Stewart had first thought and must be approaching six feet tall with her uniform shoes on. Her shirt only partly covered her regulation tight white panties that dug into her plump thighs. Her small white suspender belt held up her stockings with several descending clips. The weals from her punishment earlier in the evening stood out against the pink flesh of her lower buttocks and must still have been hurting her. Stewart ordered her to the �present� and rubbed his hands over the ridges. She flinched at the light contact but held her position.

�Your buttocks seem to be rather sensitive� smiled Stewart,� It would seem to be rather harsh if I were to lay on another set of strokes over the same area so I will be kind and find other areas to accept the cane...�

He picked up a straight thin three foot cane with a rubber grip from the collection, swished it a few times watching the prisoner twitch at even the sound� and continued.

�How about if I gave you three across the front of each thigh�, he stroked the cane up and down each leg lifting the shirt tail up��then three across the back�� and stroked the now shaking thick legs between the buttock crease and the back of each knee.&nbsp; I would then let you have three on each inner thigh?&nbsp; I realise that would add up to more than twelve and that you might be limping for a few minutes, but it would spread the bruising around a little. What do you say to that Lessing?�

She stuttered a hesitant �Yes Sir�.

�Just one more thing� he continued, ��and this applies to both of you, since we have no means of securing you in this room you will be expected to accept the punishments without unnecessary movement, otherwise�we will have to add more strokes for your lack of control.

 Lessing�remove your tie, shirt, suspender belt and stockings�.

With a last desperate look around the room she slipped off the tie and undid the shirt sliding it down her arms. Before she could place it with her skirt Miss Jones grabbed it and carefully examined the material checking for cleanliness. The areas under the armpits were damp and she felt obliged to comment.

�Been sweating have we girl? Believe me, when Mr Stewart has finished you will be more than a little damp�.

Having unclipped the stockings The prisoner then had to balance on each leg and slide them down and off her feet finally unclipping and removing the belt itself. Miss Jones pointedly took each item from her, handling and inspecting them with distaste.

Stewart took two large books from a shelf, and placing them on the carpet in front of Lessing indicated that she should stand on them at the present. Both he and Miss Jones took in the sight of the mature woman awaiting their punishment. She had on just the thin white prisoners bra that was clearly a size too small and gave hardly any support to the bulging breasts that sagged slightly under their own weight. The shoulder straps dug into the flesh as did the rear straps. Both nipples protruded forming sizeable nubs under the material. Her underarm stubble again reminded Stewart that he yet to decide on the body hair style for his squad and knew that to a fastidious woman like this, even having this little underarm hair would be irritating. Her entire body had a sheen of light sweat that was becoming more apparent as she stood there. A combination of the over warm room and her embarrassment were both contributing to this.

A thickly waisted stomach spread around a recessed naval that was just above the white, tight regulation panties. He estimated her weight at around 160 lbs and pondered how fit she would prove to be when the prisoners were subjected to forced PT under Miss Horne She would certainly be one of those who would suffer from a lack of breast support during movement.&nbsp; He instinctive knew that her chances of avoiding early breast punishment was almost zero once the effects of Lady Halliday&#8217;s dislike of her was acted upon.

He stood to her right, flexed the cane between both hands with her looking nervously at it and then rested the tip across the front of her right thigh just below her panty crotch. He then brought the cane back and struck the target with the cane tip whistling along parallel to the floor. 

Lessing gasped slightly but held her position.

The following two strokes were just as hard and an inch below the preceding one. From the increasing look of fear in the mature woman&#8217;s eyes Stewart knew that the strokes, though only leaving a six inch or so weal, were causing a very real level of pain and that Lessing was fully aware that this was only the start. 

Slowly, Stewart moved to her left and administered the three across her left thigh front. All of which Lessing accepted with an increasing stoicism. The next two sets across her rear thighs would be more difficult as Stewart kept her in the legs wide position by ordered her to bend over to grasp her knees.

The skin was visibly tightened by this position and the weals from the earlier punishment were even more apparent. Unfortunately for the woman, the lower strokes had cut into the upper thighs so the first stroke was, of necessity be laid across them despite Stewart&#8217;s early promise.&nbsp; He took up position for the right thigh and dragged the cane up and down the small area that he intended to hurt making sure that she realised the tender area would be involved. The first landed about six inches from the buttock crease, was laid on with force and had Lessing gasping and her legs buckling slightly. The next was three inches higher but the last was high into the bruised area extracted a short yelp and a hand brought round to rub the impact area.

�Keep still girl!� he snapped �I will deal with that error later and if you move again I will regard it as a serious offence�.

His warning achieved the required effect and the three on the back of her other thigh were received with scarcely a grunt. But now would come the six on the softer more vulnerable area of the inner thighs. Stewart knew that her positioning could add greatly to the effectiveness of the strokes. He decided that she should stand with one foot out to the side resting on a two foot high stool. This presented her left inner thigh completely as her panty crotch was pulled embarrassingly tight revealing her pubic hair either side of the material. He pressed the cane tip into the panty covered vaginal cleft firmly sawing it back and forth as he ordered her exact position, hands clasped behind her head, left foot at right ankles to her right with the thigh just above the parallel with the ground. He withdrew the cane from it&#8217;s moist contact and brought it whistling down across the pale plump inner thigh midway between the crotch and the knee.

The pain came as a surprise to Lessing. The chosen area was clearly more tender than even the bruised upper thighs and it would take considerable effort on her part to accept the strokes without movement that would displease Stewart. But she knew that she had no alternative.

He waited for a minute so that the first weal had partly formed before he gave her leg the next one between the first and her crotch and then surprised her by giving a third to the very top of the thigh. She whimpered and struggled to keep her feet in position as the pain hit her. Changing position to present the other thigh was difficult as she felt the flesh tighten around the top of her leg in protest at the strokes.

Somehow she managed to accept the next three with her teeth bared and her entire body shaking. She then fell to her knees with her hands clutching each upper thigh protectively and tears running down her face. Stewart indicted to Miss Jones that it was her turn to deal with the prisoner. He pondered, as she walked over to the woman how well she would cope with this as all her experience to date had been with male prisoners. Would she turn out to be too sympathetic with this much older woman and would she be prepared to carry out the necessary handling to ensure that she was truly humiliated?

He need not have worried.

Jones walked quietly over to the kneeling prisoner and stood over her. In almost a whisper she gave the order:

�Present!�

With a struggle Lessing forced herself to her feet and took up the braced present position looking far more dishevelled than when she first came into the room. She towered over the wardress who stood close enough with her hands clasped behind her back to almost make contact with her eyes on a level with the woman&#8217;s breasts.

�You seem to be wallowing in self pity girl� she murmured. �Believe me, Mr Stewart has been more than kind to you so far so don&#8217;t try to pull the tearful sympathy stunt on me as it won&#8217;t work. I will now take a very close look at you. I have to say that I have been very unimpressed so far with your general standard of cleanliness so I hope to find an improvement as I examine you in detail�.

To Lessing, this was a threat from her worst nightmares. Could it possibly be true that this young girl had the authority to have her strip even more and handle her as thoroughly and cruelly as she wished? 

�You seem to have remarkably large breasts girl� Miss Jones continued, �Even larger than mine. What size bra do you normally take?�

�42D Miss� 

�Your nipples seem to be rather excited, why is that?�

�Please Miss, Mr Turman squeezed them just a short while ago and made them swell up�.

�Then we had better take a look at them. Remove your bra and hand it to me for inspection�.

Blushing, the elder woman unhooked the back of the garment, slipped it of her breasts and handed it to the wardress. Miss Jones ignored the naked flesh in front of her and carefully checked the bra, both inside and out.

�You have of course heard how prisoners are punished on the breasts for any related offence?�

�Yes Miss��

��and that cleanliness of underwear is one of the areas in which staff expect the highest standards?�

Lessing mumbled her agreement again, but with decreasing confidence and increased fear.

�I accept that you have worn this item for some hours�but even so�I would not expect it to be so damp and sweaty�it seems that you have just earned yourself a BRD or Breast Related Demerit. Two more errors like that and your breasts will feel as your thighs do now so be warned girl�. She placed the bra with her other clothing and returned to stand in front of her staring at the breasts themselves. She gently reached up and gently stroked the aerolea and nipples with the tips of her fingers until they were fully erect. They were indeed fine examples with the surrounding area pink and swollen and the nipples themselves fully half and inch long.

�These males just don&#8217;t realise how sensitive a girl&#8217;s nips are do they Lessing? It must have been very painful to have him squeeze and pull them�and they must still feel sore and tender.�

The prisoner nodded her agreement, grateful for the sympathy and gentle rubbing. 

Without any warning, the young wardress suddenly grasped each nipple between her fingers and thumbs and squeezed.&nbsp; Lessing screamed with the surprise of the pain and her knees buckled.&nbsp; Miss Jones maintained her grip and shouted at her to stand properly pulling upwards on the teats until she was back in position.

Tears were running down the face of the prisoner even after Miss Jones had released her grip. What would this young wardress do next she wondered and was relieved when she stood back from her.

�Take off your panties� was the next simple but humiliating order.

Lessing bent to remove them, aware of the soreness of her nipples as they swung about. She handed them to the wardress and resumed the present position. Miss Jones examined the small white garment thoroughly taking particular care over the crotch. She made a few comments on the general dampness but, much to Lessing&#8217;s relief, placed them with the other items and told her to stand back in line with the other prisoner.

She called Barnett forward to stand in front of her at the present. He looked even younger as he stood nervously in front of the junior wardress who was almost his own age. He knew that he had several visits to her scheduled for the following day to receive even more swats with the implement that he was coming to dread. He realised that he was in for even more pain before that would take place.

She soon had him stripped of his prison shirt and shorts and standing, naked at the present. His plastic chastity tube hung between his legs preventing any possibility of him becoming erect or finding relief from his constant frustration.

Miss Jones was slightly shorter than Barnett and certainly plumper. Her right hand went forward and cupped his scrotum resulting in an instinctive flinch from the boy.

�Keep still!� she ordered. �I haven&#8217;t begun to hurt you yet. I bet these are really sensitive and swollen now that you have been denied for some weeks. I bet that you would give anything if I were to let you be relieved this evening. What a pity we don&#8217;t have a nurse with us so that you could be given a thorough genital discipline while they are so wonderfully sensitive. Just imagine how they would feel when she rolled them together�like this!�

She was almost gentle in the way that she closed her fingers around the bulbs and pressed them together then moved the tips of the fingers so that they would slide against each other. Barnett gasped with his eyes wide and knees bent as he tried to absorb the growing pain. Suddenly she released her grip lowered her fingers to below his scrotum and brought them upwards in a sharp almost inaudible slap.

Barnett yelped in protest and started to pull back from her hand. She immediately ordered him back to the present which he achieved only with some effort and a screwed up face.

She transferred her attentions to the plastic tube gripping it tightly and pulling against the thin chain that went behind the scrotum securing it to his person.

�One of the problems of this type of restraint Mr Stewart, is that it is impossible to clean the penis whist it is fitted. This makes the whole organ rather cheesey and often sore. I could remove the device should you wish to examine his penis�.

Stewart moved towards them.� I think that we could well use this problem of his to ensure that Lessing here has an opportunity to demonstrate her bodily respect skills. I think that we will give her an opportunity to clean up Barnett&#8217;s genitalia. She will need to do it thoroughly and this might be somewhat pleasurable for the boy, but should he succumb to releasing his built up load, he will be thoroughly punished.


I think, in the meantime, we should start with him receiving a dozen with the cane across his backside from you Miss Jones, and in view of your inexperience that will be increased by a third to ensure that he feels sufficient pain.

Kirsty needed no further guidance. She ordered her victim to bend over the back of an armchair with his legs wide apart and head well down. His buttocks were somewhat marked from her earlier work with the slapper, but she knew that no account should be taken of existing bruising. She took off her jacket, rolled up her sleeves and gave the same cane that was used on Lessing a few experimental swishes.

�You are really going to feel these Barnett, especially where I lay them over the earlier marks that I made. Just remember that you have to remain in position or you will really be for it. 16 strokes then boy�brace yourself!�

For someone who had little or no experience with the cane Kirsty certainly learned quickly. She took up a stance to the victims left with her feet planted well apart. The cane was brought well over her right shoulder and brought whistling down across the targets. Her spacing lacked the accuracy of an experienced disciplinarian with three landing across the upper thighs and several crossing over each other. Additionally the right flank took much of the punishment as the cane tip spread past the correct impact point. There were few comments from her target who managed to remain more or less in position despite continual struggling against the back of the chair and frequent groans and gasps. Only once did he have to be ordered back in position when the fifteenth stroke landed across the top of his right bruised thigh. Tears were running down the prisoners face as he stood back in the present position as the pain gradually died to a dull aching throb.

Mr Stewart then addressed the naked female prisoner.

�Well Lessing, I am going to give you the opportunity of demonstrating to me how you will show respect for Mr Turman. You will now fellate this boy to ensure that his organ is properly cleaned. As you heard, this will not be a pleasant task as it has been encased in plastic for the last few weeks but that is not my problem. Should you succeed to Miss Jones&#8217;s satisfaction�all well and good�but if you lack enthusiasm for the task in any way you will be caned across the thighs�again.�

�You boy may well feel rather sore and sensitive when the tube is removed. Under no circumstances will you refuse the services of this prisoner or�ejaculate. Should you do so I can assure you that the punishment will be severe, unpleasant and appropriate.

Without being told Kirsty slipped on a pair of latex gloves, mentally dismissing from her mind what Mr Stewart had originally decided to do with them, retrieved the chastitiy key from her key chain and unlocked the device. She wrinkled her nose in disgust as she removed the tube and freed Barnett for the first time in weeks. She pulled hard back on his foreskin to expose the red sore glans covered in white creamy deposit. He was told to lay back in the same armchair over which he had just been thrashed with a splayed knee over each arm. Lessing was then ordered to kneel between them and carry out her rather unpleasant duty.

Even before her lips had made the first contact Barnett&#8217;s penis had sprung to the fully erect condition. Lessing experience in this particular field was somewhat limited as she had always regarded the act to be demeaning and beneath her. She realised that in this case, she would need to swallow something more than her pride and tentatively started licking the exposed glans, trying to ignore the rather foul smell that the plastic restrainer had caused. Her sore nipples dragged on the rough material of the chair as she moved closer to her target and she was only too aware of the throbbing weals on her legs that sharply reminded her of what she would feel if she failed to overcome her natural instincts.

For his part, the mere touch of her hand, let alone her soft tongue was almost more than the hapless male could bear. He could anticipate the severity of any punishment that the young wardress might order if he allowed himself to climax, but after so long without release it was going to take every ounce of willpower that he could scrape together to prevent being driven over the top.

It took several minutes before the task was completed. Lessing knelt upright with her face screwed up against the taste and smell that she had endured and licked her tongue clean on the back of her hand.

Before Miss Jones could find fault, Stewart, anxious to start work on her own training called a halt to the punishment of the two prisoners and having lectured them on what would happen if any more complaints were received, ordered them to dress and dismissed them back to their original tormentors. As they left he locked the door behind them and turned to the wardress and addressed her:

Well, Jones, an interesting interlude and a good display of how you are prepared to hand out discipline. Now we will see how good you are at taking it�.


























Chapter 56.

Stewart was down to breakfast early the next morning. Two of his female prisoners were on serving duty and rushed to prepare his breakfast to his requirements. A rueful Miss Jones sat opposite and he noted that she frequently squirmed on the hard dining chair as she tried to retain her composure.

Outside it looked a bitterly cold day with a fine drizzle. In the distance he could see the rest of his squad on a work detail removing weeds from the long gravel drive. He was surprised to see that they were lightly dressed in their thin T shirts, short skirts and work boots. No doubt Mr Turman had ordered their lightweight clothes so that they would feel the full effects of the morning chill. As he nibbled his freshly made toast he saw, through the double glazing panes of the Manor that Mr Turman, warmly dressed in his uniform greatcoat, hat and gloves had lined the ten females up for some perceived error on someone&#8217;s part. With some difficulty he undid his heavy coat and unclipped his strap. The squad, clearly shivering from the damp and biting wind, held out their right hands. He slowly moved down the line laying a powerful stroke of the strap across the freezing and wet palms. 

It was too far away to hear any sound or see the expression of pain on their faces but from the wavering of the hands after the strap had landed, it had hurt like hell. When he had struck the last hand he went down the line again laying a second stroke on the same, now throbbing, palm before stowing the strap, fastening his coat and ordering them back on their knees for more weeding.

Stewart made a mental note to congratulate the young officer on his choice of target and the fact he laid on two strokes to the same hand. No doubt their buttocks would be similarly chilled but nothing could beat a well laid on strap across freezing cold hands even though, to any onlookers, it would appear a very minor punishment. I truth, any male onlooker would have been more absorbed by the way that the females panties, had, with the constant bending and squatting, worked their way into a wedge in their anal clefts. This could. If Turman so chose, be classified as a uniform discrepancy but perhaps he felt that they were already under sufficient discomfort.

Excusing herself, Miss Jones left the table leaving Stewart to his thoughts.

He smiled to himself as he recalled what had happened to her just a few hours previous. He had started by ordering her to lower her stockings and mount the knee board once more. Naturally, her knees had already been sensitised but he kept her there for the same time as before to make her realise that they were starting afresh. It took a fair amount of her self control to hold out, especially as Stewart was even more insistent on her maintaining a straight backed position the maximise the weight on her already bruised knees.

He than told her to replace the stockings into the suspender clips and take up the present. 

Standing to one side he slowly looked her up and down. She was certainly far from pretty and carrying a goodly amount of puppy fat around her hips and breasts. He knew that she would be self conscious about this and planned to exploit this as the evening progressed. Moving round to her front he gently rubbed the palm of his hands over the breasts feeling a degree of firmness that impressed him. Despite the thickness of the shirt and her underwear the nipples rapidly became turgid and he could feel them flexing against the breasts. Already a blush of embarrassment was spreading up her face from her neck.

�&nbsp; I intend to treat you as I would any prisoner who was up before me for a uniform inspection , body search or whatever. I will make this evening as humiliating as possible and you may rest assured that the slightest infringement of any rule or instruction will be dealt with in the same way that a prisoner would be punished, and that means by inflicting corporal punishment to the degree that you will find rather painful. Do I make myself clear girl?�

Jones muttered her agreement.

�Remove your tie and blouse the resume the present position� ordered Stewart. 

Her brassiere was one of the type denied to the larger breasted prisoners, it was one that offered maximum support which she clearly needed to contain the large assets. Back at the present she displayed some considerable embarrassment as much of the upper breasts were exposed and the nipples showed prominently in both shape and light pink colour through the white material. Her waist bulged a little over the skirt waist band.

�Before continuing with your examination I am going to show you just how much a harsh application of the cane can hurt. If I waited until your buttocks had been hand slapped or even strapped the effect of laying a cane across cold unmarked flesh would have been reduced and therefore less effective. I will be giving you ten strokes, five with the buttocks tight and five with them relaxed, again so that you can appreciate the difference as do the prisoners. We don&#8217;t have the facilities to secure you so you will just have to accept the punishment without that benefit. Should you attempt to stop the application by either standing up or putting your hands in the way�it will be increased�considerably� if necessary, in the punishment barn. Do you understand?�

Jones was really looking frightened as she nodded her acceptance. He ordered her to the centre of the room, told her to place her feet well apart and bend over from the waist. He moved behind her and pulled the uniform skirt up over her back exposing the tightly spread&nbsp; target. He pulled the panties high into the cleft and walked over to the table on which he had placed the equipment to select a medium sized flexible cane with a rubber handle grip. He swished it experimentally through the air a few times, stood to her left and corrected her position to his satisfaction so that she was fully �tight� even down her thigh backs.

He tapped the left cheek with the cane tip to get his aim correctly, raised the rattan over his shoulder and brought it whistling down to strike both cheeks evenly.

It was, by any standards, a harsh stroke. That was what had been promised and he had no intention of going easy on this girl anymore than he would one of the female prisoners. Jones jumped and squealed with both the surprising force of the stroke and the rapid searing pain that followed it. The next was deliberately laid across the junction of thigh and buttock that was scarcely discernable on account of her tightly bent position.

Her muffled cry indicated how much it had hurt her, but she stayed in position even as the three stokes to the meatier buttocks whistled home. She was then told to stand back at the present.

�The next five will be across the relaxed buttocks Jones, so we will have you standing at the present. My advice is not to clench and remain in position so that your skirt does not fall down and impede my efforts.�

It was always difficult laying on full power strokes with the victim standing but following three that sank well into the semi-relaxed buttocks Stewart laid two firm strokes into the crease at the top of the plump thighs. Jones managed to remain in position but tears ran down each cheek as she was told to adjust her panties lower her skirt and sit on a stool opposite Stewart&#8217;s armchair.

She was still absorbing the pain of the strokes and not thinking as clearly as she should. She saw Stewart looking down at her and suddenly realised her mistake and spread her knees the regulation forty five degrees that required her to ease the uniform skirt back up her thighs. She then placed her hands behind her back.

In almost a whisper Stewart told her that he would decide what a suitable punishment would be for that basic error in due time, Right now he required the answer to some questions. 

He looked the young wardress up and down taking in the tight brassiere and spread thighs revealing her white panty crotch. When he looked her in the eyes she was blushing furiously. That flush didn&#8217;t leave her face as he asked questions that he knew, from previous sessions with female prisoners would cause her maximum embarrassment. Firstly ones about her sexual life, when she last had intercourse, ( a week),whether she had any experience with other females (several experiments when she was in school) when she had last bathed and how often she masturbated. The previous questions were bad enough but this resulted in a look of horror and silence.

Stewart told her that he needed an answer and was perfectly prepared to thrash one out of her. Hesitatingly, and with her face turning an even deeper shade of red she muttered that she did this most nights when she went to bed. He picked up the nearby cane and leaning forward stroked the tip up and down the crease that defined the girl&#8217;s vulva under the white material.

� I may well require a demonstration of that later tonight Jones, but first I need to deal with that error with your knees. I think that a strap applied to your inner thighs should act as a reminder every time you sit down in my presence. Stand up, pull your skirt well up to your waist, put your left foot on the top of the stool at ninety degrees to your other leg. Then undo the suspender straps and roll your stockings down to your knees�.

Jones was beginning to show signs of not only pain but also some real fear of what was to happen next. She stood as directed with her left plump inner thigh parallel to the floor and exposed to whatever Stewart decided. He chose a short thick strap, stood to her front, and applied three hard strokes at the mid point on the thigh, one on top of the other. They left a two inch wide red patch that was almost visibly throbbing. He repeated the exercise on her other thigh, told her to removed her stockings, suspender belt and shoes and resume the present.

Despite her rigid position her face showed marked signs of the pain that her soft and tender thighs were transmitting. He now thought that the time had come to inflict a little humiliation on her and told her to remove her skirt and resume the position.

The young girl now stood in just her heavy bra and regulation panties with her face screwed up as she continued to absorb the pain.

�I see that you wear a heavy support brassiere unlike the female prisoners with large breasts. It must feel very supportive when you are watching my girls exercise in just their lightweight regulation versions. How do you think your breast will feel if we exercise them a little?�

Without waiting for an answer, Stewart ordered her to remove the bra and resume the present. Blushing furiously, Jones reached behind her and struggled to unclip the broad strap, she then leant forward so that the items slipped off her breasts, placed it into Stewart&#8217;s outstretched hand and snapped back into the position.

At first he ignored the female and concentrated on a thorough examination of the garment. It was damp under the arm pits and when he glanced at her, noticed how a thin film of sweat had formed over her upper body. It was of a sturdy construction and the label was marked 42EE which did not surprise him. To his delight he found a smudge of dirt on the rear strap where she had obviously slipped the garment on with some dirt on a finger. He casually threw it to one side commenting on the mark letting the implications pass over the girl&#8217;s face. Following the requirements of the �present� position her elbows were well back lifting the large breasts so that all but the lower surface was held well from the chest. Her areolas were swollen and light pink with thick stubby nipples that usually indicated above average sensitivity. He would soon find out.

He grasped the enlarged aerola between his thumbs and forefinger ensuring that the nipple was included in the grip. He increased pressure until Jones began to shake slightly, then lifted the breasts up so that their undersides were clear of her chest. Her face was now displaying the pain and discomfort she was feeling so he increased his grip until he could sense her knees beginning to flex.

�Your bra was somewhat soiled and for that you would be awarded a Breast Related Demerit. Do you know what happens when a prisoner has been stupid enough to collect three such BRD&#8217;s?� 

Gritting her teeth she nodded.

�Then tell me!�

�Please, Sir, they receive a b-breast caning across them.�
�They do indeed Jones, and right now I have it in mind to apply for permission to do just that. On the other hand, I could dispose of the charge with a simple breast spanking�if you agree?�

Realising that Stewart was deadly serious, she nodded a hurried agreement. With a final extra squeeze, he dropped the breasts and stood back.

�I think that a dozen slaps across each breast will be adequate. You will of course remain in position and not attempt to impede my hand in any way�.

Stewart ordered her to lean slightly forward from the waist, but to keep her elbows well back. Her breasts hung slightly away from the chest and were well presented to him. Drawing his right hand back he gave her right breast a hard back handed slap on its outer side feeling it compress and sway inwards. He then gave the same swinging globe a slap on the inner surface. Next he dealt with her left breast in the same manner then gave each a hard downwards slap on the upper surface. He gradually worked his way over the damp swinging breasts until the last two slaps to each one. He flicked his hand even faster and ensured that the back of his finger tips impacted on the nipple area. After the second one on her right breast Jones&#8217;s hand flew protectively to cover the tender area.

As a staff member she should have known better.

�Well Jones, you have really blown it now. As you well know that is classed as �Refusal to accept punishment� It means that the whole punishment is now void, even though it was the last slap out of 24. Not only will the original BRD still stand but you have now collected another one. I will have to think very carefully about this, but almost certainly I will have to report you to Mrs Cheeseman for her to decide how it should be dealt with. Back to the present girl!�

As she braced Stewart could see that her eyes were reddened, whether this was from the breast slapping or the thought of what might be to come was anyone&#8217;s guess, but he knew that he now had her trapped and realising just how hopeless a prisoner would feel in the situation. He looked down at her white panties and spread thighs. It was time to remove her last vestige of pride. 

�Remove your panties, hand them to me and resume the present girl� he ordered in a whisper. Blushing to the roots of her hair she slipped off the wardress knickers and handed them to him. He carefully and pointedly examined them in front of her asking when she had last changed them. It would seem that it had been very early that day, a day in which she seemed to spend the whole day on her feet and more to the point, on which she had either punished several of the males, or witnessed the same act. They were certainly damp in the crotch and slightly stained. It would have been enough to place a female prisoner on report and he was not going to allow this young wardress to get off without experiencing some form of punishment. 

Stewart produced a pair of latex gloves from the table behind him and heard Jones emit an audible gasp. He slipped them slowly over both hands allowing the customary �plick� as they were released around his wrist.&nbsp; He did not have to tell the girl what was to happen next, she knew only too well how the staff were expected to carry out thorough body searches on prisoners. Stewart thought that he would start with the mouth and ordered her to open her jaws wide. He kept her waiting there while he opened a small jar and rubbed the contents over the gloved fingers. He intended that this would be as unpleasant as possible.

It was a jar of particularly pungent English Mustard.

She realised this as the fingers passed under her upturned nose and entered the mouth. He pushed the tips around both upper and lower jaws and then roughly under her tongue. She started to splutter and gasp and this was made worse when two fingers pressed the tongue down and forced themselves to the back of the throat.

He then slowly, in turn, inserted a finger into each nostril knowing that the trace of mustard would have it&#8217;s effect. As his finger withdrew from the last nostril her eyes were already red and her nose starting to run.

She was then ordered to lay on the table with her knees apart and drawn well up.She had dense dark pubic hair. His gloves were still moist from the mouth inspection and his next examination was never intended to be anything less than uncomfortable. Jones now realised to the full how the male prisoners must feel when she used her authority to casually examine their intimate areas. She was blushing profusely and unable to look Stewart in the eyes as he parted her labia with his left fingers and forcefully inserted the fingers of his right hand into her cavity.

She felt tighter than most of the female prisoners that he had body searched and it took some effort on his part to thoroughly explore her cavity. But searched it was with Jones struggling to maintain the humiliating position that she had been ordered into.

Next she was ordered onto her front with head well down, knees drawn up and spread wide. She could feel his breath on her anal cleft as he examined her and then the insistent touch of his finger as it stroked he up and down finally resting on the puckered brown opening. He had re-lubricated the finger with some mustard and when he pushed, despite the viginal tightness the combination of her position and the added lubricant resulted in the finger sliding immediately up to the second knuckle.

She gasped at the shock of the intrusion but then started to squirm as the mustard took effect. A sharp order to remain still somehow gave her the strength to do just that. She even remained in position as the second finger was inserted and that secret cavity probed and pressed. He was in no hurry, sensing that of all the indignities he had subjected her to, this seemed to be the worst.

He walked away slipping the gloves off and dropping them into a basket. He returned to the table with one of the female centre&#8217;s most unpleasant devices. It would be an ideal way of starting to wrap up her experience of being treated as a prisoner.

He ordered her to squat on the table and held the device in front of her.

�This is what we call an understrap Jones. It is used for a variety of reasons and tonight it is going to be applied to remind you that the standard of panty hygiene you displayed earlier is not acceptable.�
He reached round to fasten the waist strap pulling it tight into her soft waist then reached between the legs to pull the crotch strap up to the tight position. It took his some time to adjust the anal knot and, without the gloves, noted how warm the area felt, no doubt thanks to his unofficial lubricant. The other larger knots were manoeuvred into position filling the vaginal cleft in what he thought would be a stimulating but uncomfortable manner.

She climbed down from the table, with some expressions of discomfort, to stand in front of him.

�I did mention earlier that we should give those breasts of yours a work-out so that you will appreciate the support that your regulation wardress bra normally gives you�but we got distracted by the condition of the garment. Now is the time to combine that exercise with ones that will give you an appreciation of the disciplinary benefits of the crotch strap. We will start with running on the spot�and I want to see those knees high�.

Jones began running and initially raised her knees to the high position. Soon the effects of the understrap caused her to slow down and lower her knees a little. Ignoring the grimace of pain on her face Stewart stood behind her and used a flexible crop with a thick leather tab to slap the backs of her legs as they moved upwards. He kept her at the exercise for a full five minutes watching the unco-ordinated flopping of her unrestrained breasts.

After just a brief pause he started her on the astride jumping with arms out at shoulder level and an extra bounce as the legs closed and then spread wide. With naked females this was the exercise guaranteed to make the firmest of breasts move and Jones&#8217;s&nbsp; started bouncing in unison but soon developed their own rhythm and indeed sound as the slapped upwards then downwards against the sweat moist chest.

After another five minutes of that exercise he ordered her to the present and allowed another brief rest. She was sweating profusely and her skin was shiny and dripping in places. He ran his hands over the now still globes and then down to her crotch checking on the tightness of the leather strap. It was certainly fitted well and must be causing some considerable discomfort.

Which,� after all,� was its purpose.

He raised his fingers to his nose and sniffed them looking straight at the girl..

�Mmm. It seems your personal hygiene standards are already slipping Jones. Let&#8217;s hope I don&#8217;t give you another personal inspection when you finish exercising.�

Time, he thought to bring the proceedings to an end. He pondered the possibilities for a few seconds then made his decision. First, it would be necessary to give her a beating that she would remember. He selected a hard wooden paddle 6 inches by a foot long and spoke:

�When you have a male prisoner up before you for training I presume that you end the session with a beating that will leave him in no doubt as to your authority. What do you do to get him to demonstrate that respect after the beating Jones?�

She thought for a moment, shaking slightly from the results of her exercise.

�He would be required to carry out a personal service for me Sir�. She replied.

�Then I will now beat you with you being aware of what you will be required to do for me after I have stopped. I am going to give you 20 hard whacks across your buttocks that you will feel for some hours. You will also carry the bruises for several days to remind you of this experience as a prisoner. Bend over that table, legs wide and with your hands gripping the far edge. Remember, any attempt to impede my efforts will result in a noticeable increase in the number of strokes. Brace yourself!�

It was a heavy piece of wood, well polished by all the buttocks that it had previously landed upon. Stewart laid each whack on with suitable force striking both chubby cheeks evenly. As the buttocks bounced he could see the understrap and the redness around the anus that it had caused. Soon the whole area would match.

As the heavy application of the panel progressed it was obvious that the girl was starting to have great difficulty in maintaining her position. By the tenth stroke bruising and white patches were already beginning to appear and she was starting to shake as she desperately absorbed the increasing&nbsp; pain. At the fifteenth slap she almost grabbed her burning nates with her hands, but managed to resume her grip on the table before Stewart had to issue any reminders as to the increase in punishment that would follow such a slip.

Jones would later admit that she had no idea how she accepted the last five whacks across her burning buttocks. Perhaps it was the potential shame of admitting that she was unable to take the sort of punishment that she handed out on an hourly basis.

But accept them she did and finished up, back at the present shaking with the pain and humiliation. Real tears ran down her plump cheeks as waves of burning pain swept through her thighs.

Stewart picked up a sealed condom from the table and placed it between her teeth then casually slipped his clothes off until he too was naked with his erection all too visible. He knelt down between her spread legs and unclipped the under-strap snatching it from the folds in which parts of it were hidden. He could see that it had done its job from the redness around her labia and the way in which her delicate inner labia remained parted after it&#8217;s removal. Still carrying the damp leather device he went over to the large armchair, laid back in it with his feet outstretched and pointing to his penis, ordered her to fit the condom.

She knelt between his legs and tearing the packet with her teeth, extracted what seemed to her to be a strange latex device. It was one of a set that a male colleague of Stewarts had specially ordered. It had hard ridges around the shaft that would make the organ feel exceptionally thick in girth, but more to the point if worn for penetration following a females wearing of an understrap, it would continue the chafing of soft tissue so that the normal pleasurable sensations would be denied her.

All this possibility was written on her sweating face as she forced the condom down over the hard organ in front of her. With a frightened glance at Stewart and without any further orders she dutifully climbed up onto the chair with her legs spread and, facing him, mounted the penis with a gasp of pain as she slid her hot and well lubricated&nbsp; sex&nbsp; over the hard latex shape.

�This is not intended to be pleasant for you girl, just me, so I want you to start lifting yourself up and down until I tell you that you can stop�.

With her face screwed up in response to the stinging chafing of the condom she raised and lowered herself rhythmically with the sweat covered inner thighs contracting and expanding to raise the crotch. Each time she tried to slow, Stewart reacted by firmly gripping both the tender nipples and squeezing until the rhythm had been restored. 

Despite the pain and discomfort Jones worked away riding Stewart&#8217;s penis until after just a couple of minutes the expression on his face and a long shudder told her that she had achieved his aim. If she thought that her ordeal as a prisoner was now over, she was mistaken. She remained kneeling over Stewart.

�Just one more thing before you get dressed Jones. I am sure that you were not able to climax yourself and knowing the Centre policies regarding not allowing prisoners to spend too long between sessions of sexual relief�I have decided that you will be allowed to take yourself to a climax using this rather damp understrap. How long this takes will be up to you.�

Swallowing back what remained of her pride, Jones grasped the cruel knotted length of leather and, opening her intimate divide with one hand, gently started to rub the device against her reddened clitoris seemingly enjoying the sensation of pain mixed with pleasure. The way in which Stewart looked into her face watching every twitch of her expression seemed to spur her on and in just seconds she began to shudder, moan and rub frantically to her peak.

Allowing no time for rest, Stewart ordered her to her feet and then to dress in the clothes she had stripped off on his earlier orders. She soon stood in front of him, dishevelled and registering the humility of what she had been through.

�I have yet to decide on what measures to recommend to Mrs Cheeseman regarding your breast offences, but I would prepare yourself for the worst as she is not a lady to let standards slip�.

�Dismiss!�.

�and a now humbler young wardress left for her own accommodation and a period of self-pity.




















Chapter57.


Stewart found himself with one of the male prisoners, a tall good looking young man in his mid twenties by the name of Slater. He seemed very respectful of Stewart&#8217;s rank but given some verbal nudges, was happy to talk about the last time he had been sent for work in the community. He was in no doubt that the present period was, in comparison, rather enjoyable.

It started when he was summoned to a Miss Grayson&#8217;s office, which in itself imparted some considerable apprehension to the male. Having marched in and snapped to the customary attention in front of her desk he was told to relax and stand at ease. She seemed in a good mood which cheered him up somewhat and she even gave him a friendly grin.

�Well, boy, it&#8217;s time for some work in the community for you. You are being sent to a Mrs Allingham&#8217;s for domestic work and whatever duties she may require. I don&#8217;t have to tell you that an adverse report, let alone a formal complaint form the lady is something that you want to avoid. She will have total authority over you and we will of course, turn a blind eye to any unofficial punishments that she may feel you need. In case she requires any�well�more �personal services you had better read and memorise this list�:

The list read:

�It is felt that some ladies might be embarrassed by ordering the males to carry out some personal services so this list had been compiled so that they could simply give a number as an order.

1, Foot massage.

2. Leg massage.

3. Back massage.

4. Foot washing with tongue.

5. Nipple stimulation with tongue.

6. Oral service to the vagina.

7. Oral service to the anus�.

There were no surprises in the list and Slater felt that at least it gave him time to take the worst of the items on board. Whether any physical contact would be other than disagreeable would, of course, depend on how this Mrs Allingham looked and how she behaved towards him. Ultimately though he knew that what the lady wanted would be what the lady got� if he was to avoid the inevitable consequences of displeasing her in the slightest.

�One more thing Slater, she went on. One of the girls from the female correction centre will be also in service with you. I wouldn&#8217;t advise you to get any ideas, but just in case, report to the Nurse who will fit one of the more uncomfortable penile restrainers. Should you have any erection, you will soon regret it. Now, just the usual event and then you may leave�.

Slater knew only too well what �the usual event� would be. Miss Grayson had introduced what she called a little tradition that any male, would after an interview with her, receive a slap to his testicles to ensure that he was reminded of her authority. There was of course no regulation to permit this, but she had been doing this to her charges for weeks and no one had dared to raise the slightest protest. Without hesitation Slater removed his thin shorts and placed his left foot high on the edge of the desk. He then caught his somewhat firming penis in his fingers and lifted it up to touch his body, leaving the scrotum hanging free, unobstructed and vulnerable.

It might be routine, but he knew that it would hurt like hell. Any attempt by him to either stand in a protective way or drop his hand over the testicles would result in a real punishment, not what Miss Grayson laughingly referred to as �love taps�. Neither was he allowed to close his eyes. 

She stood up and slowly walked round to stand in front of him. Looking straight in his eyes she whispered � As you will be away for a few days I had better let you have a couple of firm ones don&#8217;t you think boy�.

Even more apprehensive than before Slater muttered an agreement.

She held her hand about a foot under the scrotum, smiled and said just one word:

�Brace!�

He did, just as the hand slapped up into the dangling scrotum flicking the contents upwards. The deep bruising type pain hit him almost immediately and he bent at the waist but soon had the good sense to snap back upright.

Usually he would then be dismissed, but today he knew that he must face a second slap and face it without any sign of disapproval.

�If there&#8217;s a better way of helping you boys learn obedience I have yet to hear about it. I also know that the second one will do you even more good in that respect and I can imagine how much more difficult it is for you to remain still when you are already in pain, but of course you must.. So get ready and remember, I did promise a firm one!�

She had�and it was!

A really firm uplift of the hand followed that lifted and separated the throbbing bulbs as they were bounced high. 

But he managed to take the slap without moving or trying to avoid it in any way and was soon dressed and on his way to the nurse. He had let the thought cross his mind that as he wasn&#8217;t leaving until the morning, he could report to her then for the restraint fitting so that he would have a more comfortable night, but should she have been expecting him straight after the interview, he could well finish up in serious trouble. In the Correction Centre, that sort of gamble rarely paid off.

The assistant nurse was on duty and�expecting him. She was younger than him and still under training but more than capable of fitting devices without supervision. But nothing in the Centre was ever easy for the prisoners.

�As one of Miss Brook&#8217;s squad I presume that you have been �evented� when you left?�&nbsp; she enquired. Slater felt the dread in the pit of his stomach as he knew that there was no right answer to this. As the technique was against the Centre rules he could be in real trouble for, in effect, reporting Miss Brooks. On the other hand he dare not lie to the nurse so, eyes downcast he agreed that he had. 

�As you are going away I had better check on how your dangling bits are in case any damage has been caused�. She soon had him stripped naked and lying on the table under a bright light in her small surgery. �I will check your testicles on the basis that it is better to be safe than sorry!�

Safe from her point of view perhaps, but certainly sorry from Slater&#8217;s.

Donning a pair of roughened rubber gloves she gently pulled the folds of the scrotum away from the body. Each Centre nurse had a separate technique for these intimate and regular examinations with the male prisoners, but each would be uncomfortable or downright painful. It soon became apparent that this young girl preferred the individual approach and she took just his left testicle in a grip between the finger and thumb tips of both her small feminine hands. Holding it with the tips of one finger she harshly searched the contents of the sac for the connecting tubes following them until they entered his body. She then gripped it even tighter so that the spare finger tips of the other hand could feel the shape of the entire organ as she pressed and rubbed all over it&#8217;s surfaces.

Slater held himself rigid on the table as he did his best to accept not just the dull pain that the pressure caused, but also the fear that the level would be suddenly increased if the pressure of the fingertips increased or the testicle slipped out of their grip.

By the time the procedure had been meticulously repeated with his right bulb he was shaking and covered in sweat. It said much for the authority of even this young girl that he had been able to accept her examination without trying to protect himself in any way.

She moved away to a set of drawers and rooted around for the correct item. She selected one of the plastic devices of a type that she knew the males detested and tearing off the sterile wrapper walked over to him.

�Miss Brooks told me that you were to have one of the training restraints so that any foolish ideas on your part would be instantly uncomfortable. I find this type very conducive to ensuring that you have clean thoughts at all times. I had better disinfect you before fitting it boy�.

Slater was fighting to prevent any sign of an erection and the sudden application of ice cold antiseptic all over his lower stomach helped. When the nurse gripped his penis and snatched the foreskin back the sudden stinging as the liquid hit the tender skin helped even more. The split plastic ring was placed around his genitalia, close to his body and clipped shut catching a few stray pubic hairs in its grip. When he winced she snapped a command to keep still and then slipped the penile tube over his penis clipping it to the ring with a small brass lock. He could see that if his glans expanded into the swollen end of the tube it would contact with a set of plastic spikes.

�Let me show you how it feels if you let your dirty little mind wander� she purred leaning over him and stroking her gloved hand up and down his inner thighs. �how long is it since you were last milked?� she whispered in his ear.

�Two weeks Miss� Slater gasped. 

�You address me as Nurse boy!� she snapped. He was told to sit on the table edge and the young girl calmly brought her hand back and gave him a hard slap across his face then a backhander across his other cheek leaving his ears ringing.

Just as suddenly her mood changed again and she had him laying flat on his back with legs spread as she resumed her gentle massage. With one hand she undid the top buttons of her starchy uniform so that the tops of her young white breasts were just visible. No matter how hard to keep in control he tried he felt his penis enlarging in the plastic tube until what seemed to be sharp spikes started to dig into the shaft and even the all too sensitive tip. The more she displayed her self, by leaning over his head until her breasts were almost touching his face, the sharper the pain became.

�Don&#8217;t worry boy� she whispered. �The device is designed to hurt not puncture your little member, it&#8217;s really up to you as the more you react the more it will hurt you. Eventually, even the most stimulated of prisoners will deflate!�

Slater tried desperately to think of something other than the young female who was flaunting herself in front of him but still his penis continued its attempt to inflate in the narrow confines of the restrainer. Somehow the sharp stinging pain seemed to stimulate him rather than cause any reduction. She took his hand and pressed the palm against her firm encased breast which made the pain even more intense and then start to abate as the restrainer&#8217;s internal surface did its job and caused the organ to deflate.

Laughing at his predicament, the Nurse moved away re-arranging the buttons on her uniform to a more modest level.

�We usually don&#8217;t fit that particular type of restrainer to males who haven&#8217;t been milked for some time as they often find that it almost encourages an erection instead of helping it subside. You had better hope that Mrs Allingham permits some relief as you will be there for two weeks. Still�it should be good practice at keeping clean thoughts in your mind!�

Slater spent the most uncomfortable night of his life as he tried to find some position in his bed that didn&#8217;t allow the sheets to make any contact with the device. The slightest touch seemed to cause his now tender penis to swell and even though no visible sign of that other than a tightly filled tube was obvious, to him the stinging spikes nearly drove his to despair.

Early morning found him, hands handcuffed behind him, in the back of a Prison taxi driven by one of the female wardresses. He was told nothing but worked out that they were on the way to collect his female equivalent. They eventually drove into what was obviously another correctional centre and waiting outside the guardroom, at attention in the freezing cold air was a tall, fair, shorthaired girl in the outlandish school uniform that they had to wear. A Policewoman came out of the nearby door with a holdall that probably contained the prisoner&#8217;s clothing and toiletries. This was dumped in the boot of the car and the girl was handcuffed and ordered to get in. 

Slater dared not offer any greeting to the shivering female who sensibly stared straight ahead as the policewoman reached in to fasten the seat belt then snatch it tight before she closed the door. He could not help to notice her nipples under the shirt material that had swollen in the cold air. As the wardress became totally absorbed in her driving the two prisoners dared to snatch brief glances at each other. Neither knew what sort of situation they were being taken to but assumed it would be one where their own misery would be almost guaranteed. After all, no one applied for workers from the correctional centres to give them a holiday. It was of course guaranteed that the official recipient of their services would be some lady in authority, but all too often stories came back where their husbands, partners or boy friends joined in the general abuse. What was dreaded most was when junior members of the household were permitted access.

Whatever took place, the essential requirement for the prisoners was to be returned with a good report, if their eventual release from the Centre was to be achieved. To achieve that Slater and his fellow prisoner must be prepared to accept almost anything.

Following a drive of around 20 miles the taxi turned off the main road and went down a long tree lined avenue on a private estate. The wardress had called ahead on her hands-free giving an estimated time for their arrival. She leant over to remove their seat belts and as they struggled to get out of the car, a dumpy woman in her forties came down the steps to greet the prison officer. She announced herself as Mrs Allingham&#8217;s PA and said that she was waiting. The two prisoners soon found themselves in what seemed to be an office and they were told to stand at attention in front of a large desk.

A young girl in her twenties entered the room and sat behind the desk casually looking the prisoner over. Slater was surprised that she was so young but the girl whose name it would seem was Synot audibly gasped in shock. The seated woman looked directly at her with a satisfied look on her face.

We meet again Synot, it won&#8217;t be a surprise that once I heard you were doing �time� I made a special application to have you work here as my servant�we have much to catch up on. She then became very formal and addressed them both:

�My name is Mrs Allingham and you will address me as �Madam� at all times. You will be here for two weeks and will be carrying out any�any duties that my staff or I require. How you will be treated will be up to you. Work hard, show respect and total obedience and it might be an improvement on how you are treated in the Correctional Centre. Give me or any of my staff any hassle or insolence and you will find that I am authorised to inflict such punishments that will guarantee to improve your attitude. Is that understood?�

Both of them rushed to agree that they most certainly did.


She then said that her PA, Mrs Fox, would issue them with some work clothes and allocate their first task. To minimise staff requirements they would work together but there would always be at least one member of her staff in the vicinity to supervise.

The wardress was then asked to remove the handcuffs and was thanked for her delivery of the prisoners. She left to drive back to the centre, leaving Slater and the girl to the authority of Mrs Allingham.

Mrs Fox was another one of those people who appeared permanently irritated about something. Her facial expression, tone of voice and general demeanour indicated, to the two prisoners, that they must try as heard to please her as their new supervisor. She ordered them into a brightly lit room where there was a young female waiting holding an expensive looking digital camera. There was a table on which rested two sets of clothes.

It seems that Mrs Allingham always required a photograph of her charges when they arrived, and when they departed. Mrs Fox left them in the girl&#8217;s embarrassed charge and left.

She explained that she was required to take a set of photographs of them and, with a blush, informed them that they would be naked and rather exposed. She told Slater to strip and was immediately surprised when she saw the chastity device, remarking that this would be a first for her and that Mrs Fox would be furious as to how it would restrict her activities, a thought that caused Slater some concern.

She started with front and back whole body shots with Slater at the present then did several close ups of his buttocks muttering words of sympathy when she saw the bruises that were still evident from a caning a couple of days before he left the centre.
She explained that she really needed to photograph his genitals showing the penis both flaccid and erect and again erect with the foreskin pulled �hard back�. Since that was clearly impossible she satisfied herself with a few extreme close-ups of his genitalia�from all angles. One of these required him to kneel, legs wide on the table and reach round to pull his buttocks wide apart. A bright flash from the camera announced that even this part of his body had also been recorded.

Synot then had to strip in front of them. She was a little plumper than Slater had first thought with both her breasts bulging over the cups of the too tight prison brassiere.He was surprised to see the marks of a recent punishment across their top surface. With nervous glances at Slater she slipped her bra off and then her skirt, stockings, suspender belt and panties. If she though that was embarrassing, worse was to come.

The young female immediately commented on the marks of the punishment cane that were now fully displayed on all surfaces of Synot&#8217;s breasts. Strangely she didn&#8217;t seem shocked or surprised and had her stand at the present whilst she handled both globes with her finger tips. It was obvious that the nipples, swollen from the cane tip would be agonisingly sensitive, but the girl examined them in detail ignoring the flinches and yelps from the prisoner.

�How often do you get these caned ?� she asked grinning at the girl&#8217;s discomfort.

�Synot explained that it was the first time for her and the photographer smiled and said that since every girl prisoner sent to Mrs Allingham had arrived with varying degrees of punishment on their breasts, she could only assume that it was an arrangement from the Correctional Centre to ensure that the female prisoners were all accused of three breast related demerits and received an appropriate punishment before they were released to her.

The front, rear and sideways shots at the present were soon completed and next came her breasts. With elbows way back the girl photographed them from all angles and included close ups of the nipples. She then produced a small spray and squirted a cold liquid over them. As she expected, they engorged and were photographed again

She was then ordered to bend over, feet wide apart, and photographed from the rear. Next she was ordered on to the table as Slater had been but she was told to first spread her buttocks for a close up anal shot but then lay on her back with legs up in the air and �spread�.

To Synot&#8217;s intense humiliation the girl made no attempt to get Slater to leave or even look away as she ordered her to reach round her buttocks and pull her outer labia wide so that the soft pink inner lips and genitalia were fully exposed to the flash. The way in which she snapped �Wider� convinced Slater that the casual caring attitude that she had first displayed was a mere sham, and that like all the others placed in authority, the girl could and would cause them real trouble if they disobeyed in any way.




She then took them to the kitchen where she had laid some clothes on the table. They were ordered to face away from each other, place their prison issue clothing that they were carrying into two plastic bags and were then told to don the garments in front of them. Slater quickly donned a blue denim shirt, a white athletic support, short denim shorts and trainers.

Synot was told that the rather worn looking items for her were from a charity shop.
They certainly looked it as the white was drab and both the panties and the bra fitted too tightly. They fitted the larger build of the girl, but only just and were bound to be uncomfortable. A blue denim short sleeved blouse and short denim skirt resembling Slater&#8217;s shorts were then put on with a pair of well worn trainers for the feet.

Mrs Fox came back and told them that they had just missed the mid-morning servant break so must start work immediately. She took them to a separate flat in the house telling them that two female friends of Mrs Allingham were staying there at the moment and that one of their jobs would be to clean the rooms and attend to the needs of the two.

The living area was a shambles but when they were ordered into the bedroom, it was even worse. The two single beds had the duvet and pillows on the floor and various items of clothing were scattered around the entire room. It was as if nothing had ever been put away, just dropped on the floor where they stood.

They both started work in tidying the rooms, making the beds and putting away the female clothes that lay scattered around the floor. The items of underwear were collected and placed in the wash hamper in the bathroom and Slater was told to concentrate on that room leaving Synot to start with the vacuum cleaner. It was fair to say that adequate cleaning materials were available but the bath, sink and toilet looked as if they hadn&#8217;t been cleaned for weeks so some considerable effort was going to be called for. He flushed the toilet then realised that the bowl had become blocked as the water and the disgusting contents rose until it overflowed. Mrs Fox, hearing the noise and Slater&#8217;s gasp of horror and distaste came in and having accused him of stupidity, told him to get the pan unblocked and to clean the mess up. 

He asked, politely as possible for the location of the necessary plunger and cleaning equipment and received a withering glance.

�You will have to use your hands boy�and make sure that you wash them afterwards.� 

Mrs Fox left the flat to attend to some other business leaving them to their own devices. They should have realised that this would be some form of trap, but they were working too hard to think.

After about twenty minutes spent cleaning the toilet trying to think of more pleasant things as he plunged his hand into the mess the females had left behind, Slater did indeed wash his hands and then found a couple of glasses and filled them both with water from a tap. He had just wandered into the sitting area and handed a sweating Synot her glass when the door flew open and in came a furious Mrs Fox.

�This place is still filthy and here you are taking things easy. Neither of you can be trusted so you must consider yourself in real trouble. Report to Mrs Allingham right now!�

With sinking hearts they&nbsp; found their way back to the office and knocked on the door. They entered on command to find Mrs Allingham talking on the telephone. It was obvious that Mrs Fox was on the other line. They stood rigidly at attention as Mrs Allingham shook her head in disbelief at what she was hearing. She put the &#8216;phone down.

�It really amazes me how prisoners in your position seem to think that they can behave however they wish. I haven&#8217;t time to deal with this offence immediately, but immediately after your evening meal Synot will report to me and you, Slater, will report to Mrs Fox. You will both be in for a period of obedience training that will ensure that your attitudes change to what I consider to be acceptable. You may be assured that this will not be a pleasant experience but hopefully, one that you will both benefit from if you are to leave here with the good recommendation that you both require.

Dismiss!�

They both left the room as rapidly as they could. On the way back to their workplace Synot explained her past history with Mrs Allingham. It seems that she was slightly older and had been a prefect at an expensive girl&#8217;s public school where Allingham, using her then unmarried name, had also been. Synot had been somewhat strict with those she believed to be stuck up little bitches and so Allingham, and some of her friends had been subjected to more than what they thought were their fare share of detentions, extra PT and the other means of maintaining discipline. Synot had not realised the depth of Allingham&#8217;s hatred but she knew that she was soon to find out.

Mrs Fox kept them hard at the cleaning of the apartment until past six pm. They were then shown to two adjacent rooms in which were a bed, washstand and a bucket. They were told to clean themselves up and await further orders.

The rooms were like small cells which was obviously the reason for their selection as prisoner accommodation. Bare boards on the floor and just a small sealed window that could not be opened added to the claustrophobic feel. Slater used the cold water to wash himself down but avoided the use of the bucket for relief. He could but wonder how his fellow prisoner was feeling through the shared wall.

They were allowed out for the evening meal which they consumed in silence in the kitchens under the watchful eye of Mrs Fox. No sooner had they finished than Synot was told to report to Mrs Allingham&#8217;s room and&nbsp; Mrs Knox left the kitchen with a curt �follow me� to Slater.

At the end of a long corridor Mrs Fox opened the door which led on to a steep flight of stone steps down to a well lit stone walled basement. The damp cold air added considerably to Slater&#8217;s apprehension as he descended the stairs into the first room that contained just a solid wooden chair. Mrs Knox stood with her back to the heavy door, turned and with a key from a bunch around her waist she locked it creating the frightening prospect that he was now totally at her mercy. She walked past him standing rigidly at attention, and took a seat in the chair.

Slater kept his eyes firmly ahead, but he had managed to sneak a look at the woman. She had long fair hair that hung in a pigtail and was even dumpier sitting than standing, particularly round the chest and hips. She was dressed in a plain dark blue dress with buttons down the front with stockinged legs and black high heeled shoes. She had applied some makeup that relieved her dull plump face only a little and Slater realised with a sinking heart that this might have been applied for his benefit.

�Well, Slater, this is where you learn how to behave whilst you are in my care. Forget any ideas that you have about wheedling your way out of this cellar: You will be down here until I decide that you are capable of displaying a correct amount of respect to a lady. You may rest assured that I have been given total authority over you and you will have to obey any order�.any order�that I choose to give you. Normally the policy on punishing you prisoners is to wait for an offence to be committed then awarding and inflicting a suitable level of pain. However, I have decided that tonight I will give you a significant and painful punishment for absolutely nothing. I believe that a hard shock early on in our relationship will remove any lingering doubts that you may have on my authority and my intentions to exercise that authority. You will then be assessed as to how enthusiastic you are in satisfying my requirements. Any lack of effort on your part will result in me applying a second instalment of pain and I will continue in this manner until you learn to obey.

Follow me!�

Opening the door she led him across the corridor into a larger and colder room in which were several items of furniture that were all too familiar to him. They all had the same purpose, to support a prisoner in various positions for punishment. Only two had any restraint straps told him that this would be a gritted teeth session when he would have to desperately control himself to accept whatever was inflicted.

He was expecting to be told to strip, instead she ordered him to undo his shorts waistband, slip them down off his buttocks so that just his nether cheeks were exposed as he bent over the back of a sturdy wooden chair.

Mrs Fox selected a small leather covered paddle from the collection on the wall. She made a point of showing Slater the reference data that was stamped on the handle and how it included the letters �U.U.� She took delight in explaining that this meant Unrestricted Use and that the implement could be used entirely at the discretion of the person applying the punishment. She was therefore able to give him an unlimited number of whacks, should she choose.

She then started to beat his exposed buttocks alternately with some force. He was already tender from his last caning but knew that would not be taken into consideration, she was going to beat him as hard and for as long as she wanted. A wall clock with a large second hand was just visible and he could not help noticing that she gave a whack every five seconds.

By the end of the second minute his buttocks were scorched and the pain was severe as she intended it would be. Although she alternated the strokes from cheek to cheek, she ensured that each one landed in the exact same spot on each buttock. 

The punishment, if that was what it could be called lasted five minutes and left Slater&#8217;s buttocks burning with the surface pain and throbbing from the deep bruising that the paddle would no doubt cause. He was soon fully dressed, back at the attention position in front of Mrs Fox, now seated in a comfortable armchair.
 
�That, boy, is just a taster of what you will get if you fail to obey me in every respect. From now on you will do whatever I tell you to�and with some enthusiasm. Otherwise that little spanking will seem nothing to what follows.�

Slater stood there, experienced enough not to show any indication of surprise, shock, or worst of all rebellion. He new that this far from attractive women would be using him as a sexual plaything with the added fear of being in a position to inflict any degree of pain she chose, should he not respond as she required.

�I think we will start in the traditional way with you with you showing my feet some respect. So� � Number One�&nbsp; boy! and get to it�.

Slater knelt humbly at the woman&#8217;s feet and took her right foot into his hands and started to massage the plump rather sweaty toes. He had hardly started before there was a snort of derision from the owner and the instruction to remove the stockings. 

She obligingly parted her legs then lifted her ample backside slightly allowing him to reach up under her skirt, locate the clasps for the tops of the stockings on her plump thighs and roll them down pulling them clear of the feet. Having folded the stockings and placed them on the table, Slater started by firmly massaging the right foot between the toes noting the rather smelly sweat that was trapped between them. He then worked up towards the ankle before transferring his efforts to the other set of toes and finally up to that ankle.

He paused, looked up at Mrs Fox and knew what was coming next. She uttered just one word: 

�Four!�

Taking a deep breath Slater started licking between the toes of the right foot determined no to be put off the task by the taste and smell. His tongue was already starting to feel dry and tender when he finished that foot by licking up and down the grubby sole.

He would have given anything for a sip of cool fresh water, but he knew that was not a possibility as he repeated his task on the other foot. Again he found himself looking up at Mrs Fox from his demeaning position.

�Two!�

The numbers were designed to help any lady who might be shy in the presence of a servant prisoner. Slater knew that this woman did not fit into that category and she was simply deriving pleasure from issuing short orders that then required so much effort from the male.

She hotched around in her seat to raise the skirt of her dress to well above the knees, then widened her legs. Her white pantied crotch was now spread and despite the relatively un-attractive appearance of its owner, he found the situation surprisingly erotic. Unfortunately so did his encased penis which was now in some discomfort from the restrictive device that enclosed it. He started at the right ankle and worked his way up to crotch level with each leg using firm pressure and strokes that seemed to please Mrs Fox.

His fingers had long since passed the point where they ached from the effort when she ordered him to stop. 

Still remaining with her knees spread she ordered him to his feet. �Lets see what you have to offer me boy� she purred�&nbsp; �Strip�.

He quickly removed his clothes and had just uncovered his genitalia when a gasp of fury came from Mrs Fox.

�What in the hell do you mean by turning up here with one of those things on?� she demanded. Slater tried to explain that it was hardly his choice but from the look on the woman&#8217;s face�words would not suffice. Leaping to her feet she slapped him across his face with all her force then swung the hand back, equally hard to back-hand his other cheek.

With his ears ringing he was simply unable to tell her where the key was and was slapped once again with her full fury. Finally she calmed down a little and chillingly told him that if the key could not be found, she would be taking her revenge in a way that he would not find pleasant. She then crossed the room to pick up the house &#8216;phone and was soon speaking, somewhat deferentially to Mrs Allingham. 

It seemed that there might be a key included with some paperwork that had been sent with him and the female prisoner and was in Mrs Allingham&#8217;s possession. Slater was told to take himself to her rooms and await her pleasure� then report back.

A nervous and naked male prisoner made his way to the wing in which he knew Mrs Allingham was. Hoping not to be seen by any of the rest of the staff he was mortified to pass two of the young female staff in a narrow corridor. Making little effort to move out of his way they stared at his entrapped genitalia with girlish giggles until they finally moved so that he could pass them. Clearly seeing naked prisoners was nothing unusual to them.

He eventually reached the door that he had been directed to and knocked. A curt female voice soon called him to enter.

He found himself in a brightly lit bedroom. Mrs Allingham laid across the end of the bed propped up on one elbow and dressed only in an expensive looking bra and panty set. In her hand was a thin dressage whip. A strong scent of feminine perfume hung in the air.

Synot was totally naked, standing rigidly at the present next to the bed with what appeared to be a clamp on each nipple.

Mrs Allingham pointed to a spot next to Synot and ordered him to stand there. He did not need to be told to take up the present position.

�I do not expect to have to give up my leisure time to sort out problems with male prisoners boy! Fortunately a key has been included in the paper work that came with you two so let us hope, for your sake, that it is the correct one. Synot! Pick up the key from the table and see if you can unfasten that device.�
She knelt at his feet and aftersome nervous fumbling she managed to engage the key and turn it. With a nervous look at Mrs Allingham for approval she then removed the restrainer from his now inflating penis and around his scrotum. She was told to place it on the table and Mrs Allingham climbed off the bed and stood close to Slater.

�I don&#8217;t normally involve myself with training male prisoners but I feel obliged to make an exception this evening in view of the way that you have interrupted my evening.� She drew the thin riding whip through her fingers of her left hand.

�I understand that prisoners feel that this implement is extremely harsh to use on anything but a horse&#8217;s flank, but again I am prepared to make an exception. You will receive twelve strokes for disturbing me.�

Slater inwardly gasped. Twelve with that whip would hurt like hell, especially as nothing was his fault. He knew, only too well that he would have to endure whatever this woman thought was justified and hoped that she would lack the strength of some of the wardresses that had beaten him in the past.

There was no hope of being secured, he expected and was told to simply bend over and grasp his ankles in the middle of the room in full view of Synot. He saw the bare feet of Mrs Allingham move to his left side and then, without any preamble or warning, the fist stroke came whistling down across his taught buttocks.

It felt even worse than the usual cane stroke that he had experienced before at the centre. It was like a hot wire that seemed to shrivel up the skin either side of the impact line. The first stroke missed the area tenderised by Mrs Fox, but he knew that the reprieve was only temporary. Five more followed rapidly across the sensitive area that felt even more like red hot wires being applied and then, to his surprise, he was told to stand.

No explanation was given but he was ordered to stand by the edge of the bed. A visibly shaken Synot, who no doubt realised that she would be feeling this particularly severe form of punishment later, was ordered to stand next to him.

�The rest will be given on your inner thighs as I find that area particularly effect in beating my female servants�stand with your left foot on the bed and legs wide apart. Synot, reach between his legs and pull his disgusting genitalia clear of his thighs.�

The crop was brought down swiftly on to his left inner thigh so that the flexible rod and lashed into the muscles leaving the knotted tassel to wrap around the top of his thigh. The next two strokes were laid on as close to the top of the thigh as possible which despite the searing pain made Slater grateful for the pulling back of his penis and testicles.

When both inner thighs had been whipped Slater was ordered back to the present and found himself facing Mrs Allingham who clearly had no sympathy for his throbbing buttocks and legs. She was breathing deeply and her voice was husky as she spoke.

�That should convince you boy that I have no tolerance for any male offence. If you step out of line in the slightest I will lay that crop on even harder. Now get back to Mrs Fox and take the restraint with you with my instructions that it is to be replaced when she has finished with you.

He hobbled more than walked back to Mrs Fox. He again passed the two female staff who had deliberately waited hoping to see him. They giggled at the sight of the more contrite male than the one that they had seen earlier, at the weals and the now exposed penis. Slater stood respectfully to one side as they passed him in the corridor. Suddenly, to his horror, one of them grabbed his penis and looked him in the eye.

�So Mrs Allingham had to beat you did she before she took off your restrainer? Wouldn&#8217;t it be a shame if you turned up at Mrs Fox&#8217;s room with a stiffy? I dread to think how she would deal with you boy!�

With that she gently stroked his newly released organ and gently cupped his testicles with her other hand. All to quickly his starved genitals responded and he sprang rather than grew to a rock hard firmness.

He was then led back to the room where the other girl knocked loudly on the door before they both departed giggling even more. There was an abrupt command to enter giving Slater no time to think his penis back to a deflated state before he had to march in and come to the present in front of Mrs Fox.

















Chapter 58

Before Stewart could hear the rest of Slater&#8217;s account the prisoner was called away to other duties so he wandered back to the Wardresses lounge to read the daily papers. As he sipped his coffee he noticed a folder containing information for staff and inside an article that caught his eye and he commenced to read it:

Policy document M/543 for the attention of staff in charge of male prisoners.

It has been brought to the attention of the Executive Committee that deals with such matters that many staff employed in the Male Correctional Facilities have found a degree of correction applied to the male genitalia to be particularly effective in establishing the authority of female staff. Up until now this has been continuing as an unofficial procedure but the time has now come to regularise the method. After all the area is supremely sensitive and a little discipline will be most efficacious.

This will in no way replace the proper and correct official Genital Punishments that require the presence of a member of the medical staff at all times. It will however, permit wardresses to administer short sharp corrections when they consider it appropriate to maintaining authority.

It is left to the individual wardresses discretion as to the implement used to slap the penis and testicles and the position the prisoner should be in to receive the treatment.
As a guide however it is felt that some personal item of the wardress will be most effective in creating the feeling in the prisoner that this is a one on one punishment specifically designed to create respect for that staff member. Items that may be considered are the leather uniform glove, intimate personal items of underwear such as regulation uniform panties or the straps of a brassiere or whatever is reasonably light, flexible and capable of causing discomfort with no risk of any injury. 

The prisoner should be ordered into a position that will enable full access to the penis and scrotum and ensure that the latter will not be trapped between the chosen instrument and the pelvic bone or other hard surface.

Wardresses should bear in mind that single applications should rarely be given as at least two slaps will greatly enhance the fear and anticipation for the prisoner.

Please ensure that this document is shown to the Lady Milkers who attend your centre. As they are required to relieve the prisoners with as little pleasure as possible an application of a slap to the scrotum before during and after release would be guaranteed to ensure that the next event will not be looked forward to.

There will be no requirement for any administrative action or form filling

It was signed by one of the numerous female administrators.

Stewart almost grimaced when he read the note and particularly the last two sentences that would give any irritated wardress the opportunity of being a total bitch to an individual prisoner with no fear of criticism. He could well imagine how enthusiastically some of his colleagues would grasp at the opportunity.
He was aware of somebody looking over his shoulder and realised that it was Miss Jones. For once she was smiling at the thought of trying out the new procedure. She confided that she had yet to select her implement but that the back straps of one of her heavy support bra&#8217;s would fit the bill.

She then told him that Miss Brooks had been looking for him. It seems that she had been taking a female squad for intensive early morning PT and one of them had stepped out of line and required punishments. Unfortunately Miss Brooks had pulled a muscle in her back and was wondering if Stewart would be so kind as to help out. 

Because the treatment was to be carried out by a non-centre nurse, it was required that a staff member be there to supervise and ensure that the procedure and punishment were carried out with the required degree of discomfort. Miss Jones related the offences, and certain other information that Miss as they walked over to the room that the Nurse was using. It seems that the girl had been working well doing the strenuous exercises but during a break had failed a panty inspection. When told that she would be on report she made the mistake of complaining, using a rushed use of the toilet as an excuse. 

Stewart and Jones strode into a small waiting room adjacent to the room that was being used for medical needs. A tall fair haired girl in her mid-twenties leapt to attention. She was still dressed in her sports kit of thin sleeveless vest, short pleated skirt, ankle socks and trainers. She stared straight ahead and was clearly very concerned at the position she now found herself. A faint odour of sweat hung over her and her face was still flushed form the rigorous exertion that she had been subjected to.

Stewart spoke: �So girl, you have been caught with dirty knickers�why is that?�

The hapless girl, still staring straight ahead and maintaining a rigid attention position replied in a wavering whisper. �No excuse offered� Sir�

�So you admit to deliberate carelessness with your personal hygiene contrary to regulations?�

�Yyy..yes&nbsp; Sir�.

�I understand that you have been sentenced to a Punishment Enema and Cleansing of the affected area that will be witnessed by Miss Jones and I. Afterwards your further punishment will depend on your efforts during the treatment. Is that understood?�

�Yes�Sir�.

Just then, the nurse who Stewart had previously met at the local hospital arrived. She walked briskly into the room next door and informed them that she would call them through with the prisoner when she was ready. They would obviously have the opportunity to work on the girl for a few minutes. Stewart decided to start with an inspection of the reported panties.

�Take up the panty inspection position� he ordered. Without hesitation the girl reached down to lower the small tight panties to her knees, spread her thighs in a semi-squat position and clasped her hands behind her head.

Miss Jones and Stewart moved in close to examine the crotch and immediately saw the slight brown stain the was the subject of the complaint.. The rigorous exercise had created the usual amount of sweat in the anal cleft and the panties had been worked up into a wedge that caused the contact with the less than spotless orifice.

Both staff members muttered their words of disgust that brought a blush to the girls face and neck as she displayed for them. �Are you as casual in obeying the other rules of the centre?� demanded Miss Jones. 

The prisoner stuttered her negative reply as the wardress reached out, caught the bottom of the vest and pulled it up to her armpits revealing a small white half-cup brassiere.

�Unbelievable!� snorted Miss Jones. As well as disgusting knickers you also flout the rule banning any form of breast support when undergoing PT. How dare you girl !!�

�Please Miss�I put the bra on after the PT had ended as my breasts are rather large and felt sore from all the bouncing�I honestly didn&#8217;t wear it during exercise�.

Kirsty would later admit to Stewart that she knew full well that this was true, Miss Brooks had seen her slip it on but figured that if Kirsty knew�she could force a Breast Related Demerit on the girl. Which she now proceeded to do.

Miss Jones glanced at the girl&#8217;s file laying on a table. The name on the front was �Harding�.

�The rules are perfectly clear Harding. No breast support is to be worn when exercising unless approved by the Governor. Am I correct in assuming that you have no such permission?�

�Nnno Miss �but I didn&#8217;t wear any support�� The girls words were drowned by a curt order to be silent from Stewart who was now joining&nbsp; the game.

�I will therefore impose one BRD on your record. Have you collected any others Harding?�

�Yes Miss�just one�for being found with a shoulder strap twisted on a uniform inspection�.

�Good�now remove the vest and the offending item for a closer check�

The prisoner, now trembling with fear slipped the damp vest over her head and unclipped the support&#8217;s rear fastening and handed it to the wardress hoping against hope that no more demerits would be awarded. A forlorn hope as that was the intention. She was indeed a large girl, which was why she had been singled out. It seems that Lessing would also collect BRD&#8217;s and Mrs Cheeseman didn&#8217;t want that woman to appear picked upon hence the plan to have two females up for breast punishment that night.

To Stewarts surprise Miss Jones didn&#8217;t find fault with the cleanliness of the garment. Instead she stood in front of the prisoner, reached out with both hands and grasped the girl&#8217;s large pink puffy nipples. She suddenly squeezed them both between her thumbs and fingers before the girl had time to brace. Instinctively her hand flew from behind her head and grasped the wardresses wrists.

She immediately snatched her hands back into the correct position, but Miss Jones had achieved her aim. Without releasing any pressure and with the girl screwing up her face against the pain she spoke.

�Attempting to resist inspection is a punishable offence as is touching a member of staff without permission. As your breasts were involved you have caused yourself another BRD my girl making three in total!� With a final extra squeeze she released the reddened nipples.

�Consider yourself on report for a breast punishment!�

Just then the Nurse re-appeared carrying a large rubber bag that had obviously been filled with some liquid. She complained about the lack of equipment for a really thorough cleansing but assured the staff that she would do her best. Harding was ordered to remove her panties, socks and trainers and kneel on all fours on a sturdy table in the centre of the room. Her offending anus was fully displayed as she assumed the knees apart position required by the nurse. There was an almost invisible staining to the area that was the source of her problems today and as expected, that would be the nurse&#8217;s first task.

From her equipment bag she located a large rough cotton swab and a bottle of medicinal alcohol that she poured on to the swab. She then proceeded to vigorously rub the anal area ignoring the girl&#8217;s gasps and flinches. The liquid and the rather coarse material seemed to freeze and scrub heat into the area at the same time. The procedure was entirely in keeping with the policy of making the entire treatment as unpleasant and as memorable as possible. Stewart immediately appreciated how sore and tender the scrubbing would make the anus and hardly encourage the girl to thoroughly clean the area on her next visit to the toilet�but that was hardly his concern.

When the swab had been discarded the nurse produced a nozzle that made even Miss Jones flinch in anticipation. Rather than the expected thin rubber probe this was longer and thicker, some two inches in diameter at its widest point. The outside of the white device was heavily ridged along its length to greatly increase the discomfort of its passage into the rectum. A detent reducing the diameter at a point six inches from the nozzle would assist in the retention of this cruel piece of prison medical equipment.

Having connected it to the tube that leg to the bag the nurse made a point of showing it to her victim who looked horrified as to what was to be forced into her.

�Its my job to give you a thorough clean girl and the last thought on my mind is your personal comfort�but I will lubricate this nozzle if you would prefer it� intoned the nurse. Not surprisingly the nervous female agreed. What she forgot to ask was what&nbsp; the lubricant would contain.

With a conspiratorial wink at Jones and Stewart the nurse produced a tube of some grease. Whatever it was, it wouldn&#8217;t normally be used on a sensitive area as the nurse demonstrated by slipping on latex gloves before applying it liberally to the probe. She then rubbed a large dollop around the anus itself resulting in a surprised gasp then some hip and knee flexing by the prisoner.

The nurse indicated to Stewart that she needed some help and he quickly leant over the naked prisoner, grasped each buttock in a hand and pulled them way apart to fully expose the area. The nozzle was introduced to the puckered anus and with much flexing it around the central opening was slowly pushed into the girl. From the gasps it was larger than any other probe, male or clinical that the girls had experienced into that secret place.

Eventually the tube was imbedded up to the detent and Stewart relaxed his grip allowing the anus to grip the device even more uncomfortably. The nurse reached up and opened the valve. A clear piece of pipe showed how the liquid was flowing at a fast rate and the girl was soon fidgeting slightly as she felt her stomach take in what was to be a large volume of fluid.

�I normally use an additive of my own creation� the nurse murmured �It is just enough of an irritant that it really increases the cramping effect and therefore the deeper cleansing. Believe me the girl will be delighted to empty herself when the time comes!�

Miss Jones then mentioned that prison rules required at least a ten minute retention and although that didn&#8217;t take into account any liquid other than pure water, this time would still have to be adhered to. According to the briefing given by Miss Brooks one stroke of the cane was traditionally inflicted for every minute that the enema was released early and that was why Mr Stewart had been asked to help. A deep gurgling sound could be heard from the prisoners stomach and the nurse reached between the splayed legs and started to massage the now distended area to assist in the passage to the higher areas of the girls bowels.

Eventually the bag was empty and the large probe was unceremoniously snatched from the bottom. The girls yelped and slammed her knees together as the dilated anus sensed the presence of the irritating liquid. With the nurse on one arm and Miss Jones on the other the girl was led down a short corridor to a simple toilet. The seat was raised and the girl ordered to stand astride the pan in the present position facing the staff members.

Miss Jones made a big play of holding out her left arm with the wrist watch. �The timing will start from�..NOW!. I will call out every minute and that will mean one less stroke if you release prematurely. If you do release it had better all go in the pan or you will qualify for further treatments!�

The toilet room was not particularly warm, but the prisoner under cleansing was soon sweating profusely as the internal liquid surged around inside her. She managed to hold the present position, albeit with a screwed up face and a degree of doubling over as the cramps gripped as she fought the overwhelming requirement to sit and release. Stewart admired the girl&#8217;s stamina, particularly knowing that Miss Jones was extending the minutes by a goodly percent to ensure that his cane would be needed.

It was just after Miss Jones intoned the fourth minute that the prisoner could no longer hold on any more. She half collapsed on to the toilet seat and released the contents in a gurgling roaring rush into the pan. She then had to sit there trying, in front of the nurse and two staff members to squeeze out the remaining stained fluids from the upper reaches of her intestine which added noisily to her shame. It didn&#8217;t relieve her sweating humiliation when, with a handkerchief over her nose, Miss Jones loudly remarked on the disgusting events that the staff were obliged to witness.

Eventually the three decided that the girl was effectively empty and she was led back into the room and on to her knees on the table for the final cleaning of her anal cleft. As the nurse vigorously scrubbed the alcohol based spirits around the anus and entire crotch area ensuring that the soft folds of the girl&#8217;s vagina were pulled to one side and themselves subjected to the stinging attention of the fluid. She remarked that as she was now due a thrashing for failing to retain the liquid, she had better swab down her buttocks. She added with a grin that she used to just swab just the buttocks but then learnt how many of the disciplinary staff liked to include the soft tender upper thighs that she now did that as well.

Miss Jones temporarily left the room and soon returned with a cane that she had left in another part of the building. It was an unusually slim but very flexible plastic rod around two feet long with a rubber handle grip. The rod had small lumps along every inch of the shaft with a larger hard ball at the tip. Not the harshest implement that could be used and one that gave the prisoner some hope that the caning would be relatively mild.

�You were warned Harding that any failure to retain the enema would be punished. As you released after just four minutes you will now have to receive six strokes of this cane across the offending area. Stand over here, legs wide apart and bent over gripping your ankles. I will warn you that failure to remain in place will attract extra strokes!�

The naked, sweating and shaking prisoner took up the position as ordered. She did her best to spread her feet well apart and gripped her ankles with some effort. The recent application of surgical spirit seemed to make the skin on her buttocks appear even tighter and pulled apart to expose the anal area fully and would certainly feel the cane to the maximum. Miss Jones handed Stewart the cane and he flexed it and gave a few practice swishes to cause the girl even more apprehension.

Stewart then moved a chair to position it directly behind the girl and took a seat with his legs and feet protruding through her splayed thighs. Leaning forward he gently rested the cane vertically down the anal cleft. Harding flinched in shock: It was to be a cleft punishment.

�Thought that you would be getting away with a few strokes over your bum did you girl? We did warn you that this punishment would be one that discouraged any lack of hygiene in that area. I&#8217;m sure that Mr Stewart is an expert with the anal cane and will make every stroke count!�

Stewart wasn&#8217;t so confident. He had seen the technique in a training film so had some idea. He held the cane handle in his left hand, positioned the tip of the implement against the sore and tender anus, pulled back the rod to almost ninety degrees with his right fingers and let fly. Without the previous tenderisation of the area it would have been painful but for the girl it was like an electric shock.

She jumped almost a foot in the air but rapidly regained her exposed position.

Stewart held the rod upside down, pulled back and released.

This time the tip struck into the vaginal cleft and from the girls shriek must have impacted on her most sensitive nub. The flexibility of the rod also ensured that a trail of red spots were left on the perineum.

More out of a sense of decoration rather than kindness he spread the next three flicks over the entire cleft but saved the last one to aim at the reddened and sore rosebud.

Harding yelled aloud, stood up and reached behind her with her hands to protect the area.&nbsp; Realising the error, she immediately apologised and went back to the correct position�but she knew that her reaction would result in more pain from the wretched anal cane.

�Big mistake girl!� said Stewart. �I am not without some feeling so I will give you a choice as to what will happen next. You can take one more like that�without this ridiculous jumping around or you can take two on your other orifice. I think you realise where the tip will land!�

Harding realised only too well but decided that anything was less sensitive than her poor anus. Following Stewart&#8217;s orders she turned to face him, spread her legs and gripped each lip of her vagina with her finger tips, pulled them apart to expose the inner lips and clitoral hood.

Miss Jones added to the girl&#8217;s apprehension by producing the offending soiled panties and rolling them into a tube, used it to force her jaws apart as a form of a gag.

The girl was trembling. She knew, only too well, that she would have to take what was coming. Repeat punishments were always made as hard as possible.

Stewart was in no hurry. He touched the shamefully exposed clitoral hood with the cruel tip then started a scratching circular motion to irritate the area. It took only a couple of minutes before the girl, despite the pain from her rear, started to gasp gently and flex her hips slightly. The clitoris swelled appreciatively becoming more displayed and vulnerable.

Holding the implement in his left hand he touched the nub with the hard tip, then pulled the flexible shaft back fully with his right fingers�..and let fly.

A muffled yelp, a lurch of the hips but no attempt to avoid the punishment or cover herself after the pain bit. She knew that if you could repeat that self control, it should all be over.

Stewart waited a couple of nerve straining minutes for the clitoris to swell and then repeated the positioning of the device. This time the girl was visibly shaking in fear as the unbelievably sore and sensitive nub of girl flesh was hit by the cruel tip.

With a superhuman effort she remained with her hands exposing herself and just a quick lurch of her hips.

�And I should think so girl!� snapped Miss Jones. Had you displayed more self control earlier then these additional strokes wouldn&#8217;t have been necessary.�

The girl, still shaking but now perhaps from relief that the immediate punishment was over, was allowed to dress and depart. Stewart and Jones bade farewell to the nurse and walked over to their accommodation discussing their plans for the evening.

Following dinner and a social evening with Lady Halliday, Jones and Stewart wandered over to where the male prisoners were no doubt asleep.

Miss Jones strode into the male dormitory slamming the lights on. As the tired and sleepy males raised themselves she shouted out.

�Spot inspection, you know the score boys, at the end of the bed, stark naked, at the present and with those foreskins snapped fully back�

The twelve prisoners, ranging in age from late teens to their early forties rapidly followed the orders. Several of them displayed erections, with Stewart almost feeling sorry for them as he knew that this was something that the young mistress detested and always felt necessary to discourage. She looked at the ones so displayed with contempt and ordered them along one side of the room as there were conveniently just six of them. Total silence reigned apart from the clicking of the wardresses boots as she briefly inspected them.

�I will deal with those who lack any form of self control later� she snapped �In the meantime I am here to inform you about a recent change in the rules that you will allowed to experience earlier than most male prisoners. A new form of correction has just been authorised that will enable the ladies in charge of you to regularly check and update you on their authority. The powers that be have approved the use of a short sharp slap to your testicles that will enable you to demonstrate your total obedience to my authority in the way that you will have to position yourself�exactly as I direct �knowing that I will then be hurting you in what I believe is a very sensitive area. The implement used to do the slapping has been left to the discretion of the wardress. I will be trying three different items�and I am sure that you will be happy to let me know which you feel will best impress my authority on those little balls of yours�.

�It is suggested that using items of a personal nature should reinforce the personal authority of the staff member, so the first item I will try out will be my uniform gloves. They are rather lightweight and the stitching is minimal so they should not be too harsh�but�. we will see.� Stewart, thinking of her usual damp hands wondered if the gloves would really be as light and flimsy as she suggested.

She arranged two wooden seats about three feet apart in the centre of the room. The look of fear and apprehension increased on the faces of the prisoners.

�We will experiment starting with the male over by the door. As he is dismissed the male in the next bed space will come and stand, feet well spread on the chair seats and facing away from me. When I say �prepare� he will bend over and grip his knees so that I have a good view and full access to the rear of his scrotum. I really have no idea of how much this will hurt so it will come as much of a surprise to me as it will �no doubt� to you.�

We will start with those displaying a lack of self control: �First prisoner!�

It was the male in his forties that Miss Jones had charged with having an erection. He still had. His buttocks bore the results of the stringent punishment that had been ordered and duly inflicted. As he followed the order to prepare, the stretching of his heavily bruised and wealed buttocks evoked a gasp of pain.

His scrotal sac hung low and clear of his thighs looking, and no doubt feeling, vulnerable. They were just under face height to the young wardress as she removed and screwed up her leather uniform gloves. She rested the finger tips on the rear of his scrotum, drew her hand back and brought them forward with a loud slap.

The dangling scrotum snapped forward and a deep grunt came from the male.

�It will be the second and more so the third contact that will really give you all a chance to demonstrate that you accept my authority without question.� She said.

The second slap was quickly followed by the third and the male almost brought his hand round as protection but his training helped and he was able to accept this demonstration of authority without question.

One by one the males mounted the chairs and fought against their natural instinct to protect themselves with each meekly accepting Miss Jones slapping their most sensitive area. More than one resumed the bedside present position with tears in their eyes.

She gave the room an about turn order so that the males all had their backs to her. Standing in the middle she calmly removed her tie and undid the buttons on her uniform shirt slipping it down to her waist before unclipping her heavy sport brassiere and slipping off. As it brushed against her still swollen nipples she gave Stewart a wry grin, then quickly slipped the shirt back on leaving most of the button tantalisingly undone. She fastened the rear bra clips and told them all to face inwards.

If they didn&#8217;t have an erection they soon would as she made no attempt to cover her large wobbling breasts with no more than three fastened buttons holding the front of the white shirt together with her nipples firm, hard and visible through the cotton material.

�I now want you to feel and accept a slap or three from my bra straps. Unfortunately some of you will have noticed that I am rather a large girl in that area and so I need a well reinforced support garment with stronger than average back support. Had I been one of the thinner wardresses you would hardly feel the next session�as it is you may find it a little challenging to remain in position. The first prisoner up on the chairs�NOW!�

The previous first victim could not help but briefly touch his aching scrotum as he climbed on to the two chairs. He braced himself as much as he could and waited.

Miss Jones held the large support bra by the cups and as the back support would not flatten with the rear clips done up, undid them so the heavy back straps with the attendant metal clips and wiring lay flat against each other. She took aim and lashed the rear of the dangling bulbs�hard. 

It hurt the dangling unprotected testicles. The prisoner began to sweat knowing that the next two lashes would hurt even more. Somehow he managed to contain his protests to a low grunt each time. The whole room was now full of nervous tension as they realised that this young girl meant to really hurt every one of them under the pretext of demonstrating the new policy.

One by one each male climbed on to the chairs, squatted and waited for the gut aching straps to hit. Somehow they all managed to submit to the authority of what was almost a schoolgirl.

When the last prisoner had felt the weight of the bra straps Miss Jones, without a trace of embarrassment reached under her skirt and pulled down her uniform panties stepping out of them to hold them in her hand. They were the uniform standard rather than a thong with plenty of material and a broad elasticated waist band.

These will provide the last intimate article for me to slap your rather tender scrotum boys. I&#8217;m afraid that I have been wearing them for some time and a certain dampness will add to their weight and therefore effectiveness. She then slowly turned them inside out.

As you can see, the part that was in contact with my sensitive area will be the part that hits yours. She then positioned a third chair between the others and facing them. Sitting in the chair she told the waiting room that there would be a change in the position for the recipient. He would now stand on the chairs but facing her and squat down so that his genitals would hang well below his body and right in front of her eyes.

Again, it was the prisoner that she had arranged to be formally punished earlier in the evening. He was still partially erect and as he squatted as ordered his view of her breast and spread thighs did nothing to help. She then ordered him to hold his penis to his lower stomach to ensure that her selected target area was clear.

In full view of her victim she screwed the panty material into a tight spiral, held it in place with her left hand as she brought the right hand holding the waist band fully back and then, before the panties could unwind, taking careful aim at the hanging, aching and defenceless testes she slapped forward with the bundle.

Being struck in the gonads would be painful, but Miss Jones had achieved what every staff member tried to. She had kept within the guidelines but managed to increase the level of pain by screwing up the panties.

It clearly hurt the prisoner, but more to the point, it had clearly convinced the group that this was now a serious punishment, rather than the nominal one that they had expected. Certainly the first recipient with two slaps still to endure was now shaking as he awaited the second.

He knew that any objection or attempt to avoid the panties would result in even more punishment for his body. He had no alternative other than to totally submit to this young girl&#8217;s punishment�without question. He continued to hold his penis as directed and managed to accept the next two slaps with just a sharp intake of breath.

One by one the frightened group of males did the same. Each trying not to look at their young disciplinarians breasts or thighs as they squatted in front of her and awaited the slaps.

Eventually they had all been slapped and had managed to accept this form of authority without any rebellion standing at the foot of their respective beds. Despite her earlier threat of punishing the ones with erections, Miss Jones made no further reference to their earlier lack of control. Perhaps the total absence of any tumescence was helped by the dull scrotal ache that they all felt and their total humiliation at her handling of them.

She simply collected her underwear and without bothering to put them back on, simply smiled sweetly and bade them all a restful night.

When Miss Jones and Stewart had departed all of the males gratefully climbed into their beds clutching their now aching testicles in a vain hope that this would somehow relieve the pain. Perhaps it did, but nothing would relieve the hopeless frustration of having to submit to the young girl&#8217;s cruelty without any right to complain or protect themselves.

Had they known her plans to correct their unauthorised erections earlier that night, they would have slept even less soundly.














&nbsp; Chapter&nbsp; 59.

It was one of the newspaper tabloids that started the public interest in the new Correctional Centres: Rumours of excesses taken by both male and female staff started to spread. Sometimes, the treatment the prisoners receive when loaned out for service in the Community was far harsher.Needless to say, any released prisoner who was known to be talking to the press was soon removed from view with a judicial restraining order that committed them to one of the even newer Enhanced Centres. The overwhelming fear that was ingrained into every prisoner was to be totally obedient to any female remotely in authority otherwise their release to society would delayed indefinitely. Obedience to any form of abuse or discipline was simply part of the system to them.

One young female reporter did carry out interviews with the ex-prisoners and managed to elicit graphic accounts of how severely individuals had been treated. But what none of them knew, as they whispered the accounts of how they had been abused to the attractive and sympathetic female reporter, was that she actually held rank in the Security Services. This ensured that once the stories had been put into an official report, the report itself was given a classification that would keep it away from all but official eyes. Then the whistle blowers would then find themselves seized on some pretext of breaking the conditions of their release and delivered to a far worse Centre than the one that they had been originally held in.

The first report came from a thirty five year old male by the name of Chater. He had been treated pretty much within the rules in the Correctional Centre, even though that was bad enough in itself. It was when he was sent out to work in the community that he really had problems. This had been an approved system whereby ladies with status in the area would have the benefit of a male or female prisoner to use as servants. In no time it became subject to abuse and corruption and anyone with the cash to bribe Corrections Officers could come by some free labour to say nothing of the opportunity to ill-treat someone who had no recourse to any complaint or justice.

Chater had been dropped off at a small detached house in the country and signed for by a Mrs Shaw a slim dark haired woman in her early fifties. He was dressed in the regulation t-shirt, denim shorts and trainers that his particular centre required with just a change of kit including an athletic support and a wash kit in a small bag.

She showed him to a small room in the attic with just a simple iron bed and blankets with the words that he could forget any ideas about being on some sort of holiday. She sat on the bed as he stood next to it at attention.

�You will address me as Madam and I will address you by your surname. I expect high standards of respect and obedience at all times. You will not be given an order twice.

When you step out of line I will ask for a visit from one of the staff at your Centre to knock some sense into you. Strictly speaking I don&#8217;t have any powers of punishment but I wouldn&#8217;t rely on that fact too much�.

She stood up.

�Is that understand Chater?�

He nodded nervously, his hopes of working for a kind employer gone.

Without warning she slapped first his left cheek then his right with the back of her right hand.

After that he managed to avoid antagonising his new owner too much and seemed to be leading a reasonably pleasant existence, at least, as reasonably pleasant as any prisoner/servant could expect. Days slipped by and the only event of note was when she called him in and asked when he was last milked. Chater explained, somewhat embarrassed, that it had been nearly a month ago. Mrs Shaw grimaced:

�I may see if we can arrange something for you on purely health grounds. In the meantime I want you to wear this at all times as I have no wish to see your genitals, particularly if you are unable to control yourself at any time and start to erect.�

She handed him his issued athletic support that had been modified somewhat. Inside the pouch, stitched to the upper part of the lining was a white rigid tube. Inside it were numerous plastic spikes. He was told to ensure that the end of his uncovered penis was to be fitted into the tube with the foreskin pulled hard back. Any amount of engorgement would then force the unprotected glans up into the hostile tube and encourage a rapid change of attitude. It could be removed for natural functions and at night but to prevent any distasteful sights for Mrs Shaw, it was to be in place at all times other than those exceptions.

He then settled into the routine of the house. It was true that Mrs Shaw treated him with total contempt, especially in front of her visitors and relatives particularly the female ones and that she had used a strap on his covered backside&nbsp; on a couple of occasions. She certainly seemed to find every demeaning and unpleasant job such as her personal laundry and keeping the house toilets spotless for him to do but on the whole, life was better that in the prison. She had not followed through on her threat to seek the services of one of the staff from the local Correctional Centre to discipline him for which he was more than grateful. On the whole, for a prisoner, life was pretty good.

Until he was taken to his first ladies coffee morning:

It seemed that several ladies in the area who had prisoner-servants met up on a regular basis to compare notes. To legalise the proceedings of these meetings the ladies would always invite a �guest speaker� from the Correctional Centre who would be especially selected for her uncompromising attitude to both male and female inmates. Mrs Shaw was soon invited to join the group and took Chater along for the first meeting.

The house was large and in its own grounds. They were met at the door by a male slave dressed as Chater was in T shirt, shorts and trainers. He indicated the kitchen to Chater and escorted Mrs Shaw into a large well lit sitting room where the hostess, a slim fair headed lady in her mid-thirties was serving coffee. There were eight ladies present ranging in age from late teens to early forties. They were all dressed in formal blouses and skirts. One of the younger girls was a niece of the house owner and the other younger girl the lady&#8217;s Polish au pair. The guests were seated on comfortable armchairs along one wall. 

A loud knock at the door announced the arrival of a further guest. This time it was a uniformed prison wardress by the name of Miss Sinclair. Tall, heavily built in her thirties with long blonde hair drawn up in a rigid bun behind her head she went round introducing herself with a firm handshake. 

Meanwhile the male who had answered the door broke the bad news to the four male and two female prisoners assembled in the kitchen. One of the females and two of the males had served time under the woman and were immediately nervous of how she would conduct the morning&#8217;s procedures. As one of them explained: �There was a wide variety of staff in their centre. All were strict but Miss Sinclair had earned the reputation of being harsh, unforgiving and severe in all her dealing with the prisoners.

Being on report to her always resulted in being sentenced to more strokes or pain than the other staff and when she was on punishment infliction duties she put extra effort into every stroke or whack ensuring that all the so called penalty strokes for misbehaviour during punishment were allocated and inflicted. Any hopes of an easy time at the weekly meeting of their owners were dashed. He also mentioned that he had been told to move from her car boot two items. The first was a black four feet long cylinder with a closed top that when lifted made the all too familiar dry rattling sound of canes. The second was a black holdall that contained items that he couldn&#8217;t even guess at.

The house owner, Mrs Rooney started the after-coffee events by calling in her personal male servant to clear away the cups and equipment. The group of prisoners were then called in and told to form a line in front of the seated ladies at the present position. Mrs Rooney announced that there were two new servants and with a smile in Miss Sinclair&#8217;s direction suggested that they be given the traditional welcome. Chater and a young female were called forward.

Mrs Rooney then moved a high backed chair into the centre and produced a wooden hairbrush from a nearby shelf. �Well ladies�the servants will now take a whack on each buttock from each of us as is our tradition here�. 

The lady of the house sat in the chair , pulled her skirt up to reveal her stocking thighs and motioned the girl towards her. Following her orders the girl raised her short skirt and blushing, lowered her small white panties to her knees before she lay across the lap. Her buttocks still showed the bruising from a previous beating when she was still in the Centre but Mrs Rooney brought her brush down with her weight behind it on each cheek in turn.&nbsp; 

By now the other ladies had produced their hairbrushes and arrange themselves on the edge of the armchair seats. The male replaced the female over the lap with his shorts down but his athletic support in place. By the time he received his welcome whacks the girl was already well down the line of ladies with her buttocks becoming more agonised with each application.

Just when they thought it was over, Miss Sinclair borrowed one of the heavier brushes, ordered them both to bend and touch their toes and laid in with her own efforts. 

The meeting proper could then start.

Miss Sinclair, still wearing her full uniform and hat announced to the room that her talk would be on the subject of �Maintenance treatments for prisoners in the community�.

She explained that the powers that be were uneasy about the relatively benign treatment that many such prisoners were receiving in the hands of their owners compared with their treatment inside the Correctional Centres. All too often the excuse was given that the prisoner had been behaving well, and this may well be true, but that the essential edge of respect and fear had been reduced. The recommendation or more to the point requirement was that all prisoners must receive a maintenance punishment session every week. It was felt that this should be given at the same exact time every seven days and that it should be severe enough so that they would most certainly not look forward to it with anything other than trepidation. The minimum set was to be eight strokes of the heavy strap across the naked buttocks and it should be laid on hard.

She ordered the elder of the female prisoners to bring her the hold-all and on unzipping it, produced a meaty looking leather strap with a wooden handle. The business end was around eighteen inches in length and almost a quarter of an inch thick with rounded ends. 

�This is one of the type that we use in the Centres and both the male and the females seem to find it effective. It is far from being the heaviest strap we use but it is sufficiently heavy to give substantial pain.&nbsp; They are available from Amazon and I suggest you order yours as soon as possible so that you can start the new system with your servant. Remember, it&#8217;s not just the application that achieves the level of respect but also the knowledge that come hell or high water, they will receive it at the appointed time. 

A shudder went around the standing prisoners.

That time would be entirely at the discretion of the owner, perhaps first thing in the morning or at a set time in the evening...it was up to her.

There was a brief murmur of conversation in the room and the first question came from Mrs Rooney:

�What happens if I happen to have just thrashed my boy for some very real offence, as I have done just half an hour ago before we left home Will I have to delay the maintenance?�

�Certainly not� replied Miss Sinclair. �The rules are very clear in that no reduction in punishment is to be given because of existing bruising or tenderness. The Strap will have to be laid on hard... exactly on time.�

Mrs Shaw indicated the nervous Chater to the ladies: �I am not too happy with the business of disciplining my servant because frankly, the sight of the naked male repulses me. Can I get around this somehow so that he will receive the necessary punishments to keep him in line but I will be spared the effort and the embarrassment.�

�Of course, of course.� said Miss Sinclair with a smile. �Many ladies feel the same way so we have introduced sessions at the Centre so that any owner can send their prisoner along with a note and one of the Correctional staff will inflict either the punishment that you require, or if you leave it to them, one that will have the desired effect. You can send them for either a correction or for their weekly maintenance. If having inflicted the punishment, if he or she is due for a maintenance thrashing they can be kept until the appointed time and then given it. This does mean a longish trip by public transport to and from the centre, but that should increase their anticipation and I am sure that if the &#8216;bus is full for the return, the wardresses will have made sure that they don&#8217;t mind standing!�

When the ladies laughter had died down there was one more question from a well built horsey lady in a tweed jacket and skirt. She pointed out a tall well built man in his late twenties as her servant.

�I think that my boy will agree that I err on the side of strictness when it comes to inflicting punishments and his backside is kept in a suitably receptive state, but what happens if I am unavoidably out of the house on the odd time he is due for one of these regular sessions? I would fix Thursday at 7.30pm as being the set time just before I have dinner but I am bound to be called away sometime or other.�

�Do you have neighbours that you trust?�

�Indeed, on one side my neighbour is a good friend who is greatly interested in my situation with a servant�.

�Then the easiest solution would be to arrange for this lady to beat your boy in your absence. Perhaps she could have a practice run that needn&#8217;t count the day before the scheduled beating. She may need a little training from you but this would cover your absence. When she does act on your behalf you can check the punished area when you return to make sure that the strap was laid on effectively just to be on the safe side�

The lady continued with her questions:

�I&#8217;m pretty happy about the concept and timing for this type of punishment but I am worried about the level of effort that I should put into the beating. Would it be possible for you to demonstrate this Miss Sinclair?�

The room went silent. Miss Sinclair stood up, placed the strap on her chair and removed her uniform jacket rolling up her sleeves.

�This is one of the reasons for me being here so of course it is possible. Which of the servants will assist in the demonstration ladies?�

A murmur went round the room and it was mentioned that lots were normally drawn to see which servant would receive any demonstration punishment that may be required. Numbers were put into Miss Sinclair&#8217;s hat and each prisoner told to take one out. It was then announced that the lowest one would be the one selected.

A gasp came from the female in her early forties by the name of Mortimer when she looked at the number in her hand. She had committed no offence but would now have to submit to a harsh strapping just on the whim of the Wardress. She was 5 foot six inches in height with fair hair in two schoolgirl style pigtails and somewhat overweight despite the stringent diet and frequent exercise that her owner subjected her to. Without being told she bent over the back of the chair and gripped the armrests.

Miss Sinclair had other ideas for her:

�One of the prime reasons for the maintenance system is that the prisoner is denied any false modesty. They should always be fully stripped for this so get your clothes off girl!�

Mortimer blushed furiously. She had hopes of maintaining some of her self respect but that hope had been dashed. She was more shy than most and resented having to display her less than perfect figure to anyone who happened to be present. But she also knew that with Miss Sinclair no hesitation should be displayed. She didn&#8217;t even bother to look at her owner so didn&#8217;t see the ladies self satisfied grin.

It was known to many in the room that Mortimer was the first wife of the husband of one of the guests, Jayne Preston, an extremely attractive lady in her late twenties. Jayne had set up a flat together with Mortimer&#8217;s then husband who had subsequently been forced to be generous with the alimony to Mortimer leaving his new wife with little of the luxuries she envisaged. When she learned that Mortimer had been sent to a Correctional Centre for an unrelated offence it had been a matter of time before she could arrange for her husband&#8217;s ex wife to be delivered to her for �domestic duties�. Now she would be able to sit back and watch her suffer yet again.

Mortimer removed her blouse, skirt and shoes then to shouts of �Hurry up girl!� she slipped off her large support bra allowing her breasts to swing free. Small bruises were apparent over their surface, and both nipples, large by nature, looked tender and swollen. As she bent to remove her suspender belt and stockings the after bruising of regular beatings were visible on her overlarge buttocks. She had been left unshaved both underarm and crotch and being forced to display the dark mass of hair greatly added to her humiliation as her owner planned it would. Her panties were hardly of consequence as the small white pair had bunched up well into her cleft�but off they had to come.

Miss Sinclair instructed two of the males to manhandle an armchair the front of the audience and leave it with the back facing them.

�The decision on whether to restrain your servant for punishment is, of course, left entirely up to you. I recommend that all Maintenance applications be laid on with the subject unrestrained and therefore needing to display a level of self control. This will add to the anticipation as it will open up the possibility of being able to award penalty strokes for any such lack of control.�

Once more a shudder ran through the assembled prisoners. All would normally opt for being strapped down to guarantee there would be no penalties for movement. The securing straps removing that opportunity for the hand to fly back or the movement of the hips that could help to avoid a blow. 

�So we will utilise the armchair here� Miss Sinclair went on indicating the woman to bend over it&#8217;s well stuffed back with her legs wide leaving her buttocks tight and high with her thighs indecently spread. Her legs were shaking slightly from the coldness of the room and the knowledge of how her crotch was so shamefully exposed.

Miss Sinclair stood with her feet well apart, raised the strap over her shoulder and brought it down on to the waiting cheeks with a loud slap.

It left a white impression on the flesh when the buttocks had rebounded. A low whinny came from the woman as the strap was raised again and brough viciously down.

All eight strokes took but a minute to deliver with the target lurching left and right but remaining tight over the back of the chair. The buttocks were more white in colour before the circulation returned as the woman was told to stand and then face the audience at the present.

Mortimer&#8217;s face was flushed, and tears of shame and pain were running down her screwed up face. She could see the group staring with interest at her whole body as she was forced to fight the pain and display herself to them. She consoled herself with the belief that it was now over for her and that another prisoner would be chosen as victim.

Once again Miss Sinclair had other thoughts.

�It is always necessary to consider the application of penalty strokes following a beating of this type ladies. These are entirely at the discretion of the disciplinarian but should certainly be awarded for any refusal to remain in position, any attempt to avoid the strokes or any verbal remarks that the subject may let slip. Mortimer here has taken the demonstration beating fairly well, but that doesn&#8217;t relieve me, or her, from giving a full demonstration to you. I will therefore have to lay on two further strokes to show how I think these penalty strokes should be applied.

Mortimer gasped in shock and, looking at Miss Sinclair shook her head and said:

�Pplease Miss No more�please!�.


Without even looking in her direction Miss Sinclair said that the penalty strokes would now be four in number.

It took some seconds before Mortimer was again positioned over the chair. Her buttocks were now covered in red bars from the strap and she continued to whine and sniffle her runny nose.

�Any penalty strokes must be given with the original implement�but not necessarily to the same area. You will see ladies that this girl has almost unmarked thighs so I will lay the strap on to the tops of each. This will be a test of her obedience so perhaps her owner would like to give her a word of encouragement before I start.�

Her owner walked over to the front of the chair and gently lifted Mortimer&#8217;s tear stained face. She then whispered a few words in her ear and resumed her seat.

Without further waiting Miss Sinclair brought the strap down across the left thigh top, then the right.

Whatever promises or threats Mortimer&#8217;s owner had made to her, they worked. It obviously hurt her to the core, but she remained in position even when the last two were laid on with Miss Sinclair&#8217;s customary strength. She was then told to rejoin her other, now more apprehensive, servants in their line which she did with a shuffling gate and tears running down her face.

Miss Sinclair sat casually on the back of the chair and asked for questions.

Mrs Shaw again mentioned her distaste at seeing her servant naked and asked if the punishment sessions at the local correctional centre could be expanded to include milking the male prisoners.

Miss Sinclair responded with enthusiasm:

�Firstly we must also realise that the Government heads in charge of the Correctional System are in the process of requiring the female prisoners to undergo a similar form of milking as it has been found that prolonged celibacy is as detrimental to their health as well as the males. Naturally the policy of making the event as unpleasant as possible will also apply to them so any ideas that you ladies have would be appreciated and I will pass them up the chain. But in the meantime we can certainly make that service available to you Mrs Shaw. When was your boy last milked?�

Hearing that it was over a month Mrs Sinclair looked concerned and said that she had better check, calling Chater to the front. 

�Many owners appreciate the benefits of keeping the males frustrated but a limit of four weeks should be observed otherwise they can either have a nocturnal emission that will give the appearances to the owner of unauthorised masturbation or become too interested in their female owner. The first problem can easily be dealt with by giving him a sound caning on the off chance that it was caused by him but the other can be more of a problem with him staring with lust at any female that he meets. Many owners simply cannot stand the sight of erections and the official policy is that given release every month there is no valid excuse for any tumescence other than being told to become erect by the lady in charge of him. With Mrs Shaw&#8217;s permission I will examine this male for your benefit.�

�Strip boy!�

Now it was Chater&#8217;s turn to suffer. He removed his T shirt, shorts and trainers and stood at the present in just his athletic support looking enquiringly at Mrs Shaw. She returned his look with a grimace and a shrug indicating that she did not intend to object and that he was on his own with the Wardress. She did however tell Miss Sinclair that his support was her idea and what it did.

Miss Sinclair rubbed her hand over the front cup and could feel a degree of swelling. She ordered him to remove it which he did with some difficulty hopping from one foot to the other and resumed arigid present position.. Almost immediately his penis swelled to the fully erect despite his mental efforts to control it.

�Well, ladies, even bearing in mind his delay in being milked this is a blatant case of erection without permission that will need dealing with. But first I will indicate the basics of examining the male prisoner�.

She reached into her bag and slipped on a pair of latex gloves.

�When examining your own servant it is up to you whether you wear these but when examining a prisoner with whom you are not familiar, I would recommend them especially if you find the personal contact rather revolting. The first point I would make is that the examination is to satisfy yourself with the male&#8217;s general condition and not to titilate him in any way.The body search should also reveal and hidden items. Firm handling is the secret and any discomfort he may feel is just a very necessary part of the process. Prisoners like Chater here should be well experienced in such examinations so should submit to the handling without undue movement.�

She then moved down his naked body starting with his mouth and nostrils, demonstrating the sensitivity of his nipples and then firmly grasping his penis.

�All of us have a view on whether, with the uncircumcised male, the foreskin should be over the glans or pulled fully back. This is certainly necessary for the hygiene check when the under rim of the glans has to be checked for any deposits. This is particularly important when chastitiy tubes are normally worn.

Chater, standing rigidly at the present fliched only slightly when his foreskin was snatched fully back and his penis was twisted in all directions as the sensitive glans was checked. One of the owners asked Miss Sinclair how she thought the area should best be cleaned if, like her boy, it tended to collect smegma that had a rather unpleasant smell.

�I hear from other lady owners that one of your old toothbrushes dipped in one of the astringent mouthwashes and rubbed vigorously all round the rim of the glans is very effective, if somewhat uncomfortable. The more uncomfortable it is the more effort the male will put into cleaning himself. For those prisoners who are forbidden from touching their appendages it will be up to their owner to carry out the cleansing as frequently as is required.&nbsp; Also ladies, do not forget to carry out frequent checks on the underwear for any signs of emmision. Any form of erection will leave tell-tale stains that you should deal with harshly. This erection that has suddenly appeared must be extremely embarrassing for you Mrs Shaw who will no doubt ensure that he is punished for it later.�

She then placed her right hand under his scrotum and lifted it upwards.

�Now to the more sensitive areas ladies: Fear is one of our most useful tools in disciplining these morons, and the fear of having these hurt in any way always concentrates their minds. Care has to be taken to avoid any possible damage but as even a gentle slap...like this....can hurt. One doesn&#8217;t need to be brutal.�

Despite his training Chater gasped and lurched forward as the hand slapped the underside of his testicles. He had the good sense to rapidly resume his position.

�The secret of testicle punishments is to give the boy plenty of notice as to what is about to happen. Position them carefully with, say, legs apart and genitals dangling. Tell him that you are about to hurt him and then carry it out. The one word he won&#8217;t want to hear as he regains his composure is the word....again...when he knows another slap is going to be inflicted.�

�Just one area that we haven&#8217;t examined ladies and one for which latex gloves are always required.� She delved into her bag and quickly donned a pair.

She ordered him to bend over the back of the chair and spread his legs wide.

�You would be suprised what these males can hide in their rectum so never hesitate to give them a thorough examination up as high as is necessary. Lubricate generously for your sake more than his and....� She forced two fingers harshly into the puckered orifice.

�Probe him deeply!�.

She then went on to show the disposable plastic specular that she recommended using it to widen his anus painfully so that a visual inspection could be made with a flashlight.

With a flushed face Chater dismissed back to the line up that seemed to complete the talk and the room soon became a hubbub of conversation as the ladies discussed their ideas, none of which would be pleasant for the servants.

Over the next week or so the policy of Maintenance Beatings was commenced by the assembled owners with the delay only caused by a wait for the approved strap to arrive by courier. Most of them came with a bottle of oil with which the flexibility of the leather could be increased at the expense of an increase in the weight. Following the official suggestions the straps were hung next to the prisoners&#8217; beds with the day and time of the appointed application written alongside. They provided a chilling and constant reminder of what was inevitably to come.

Several of the prisoners also found themselves catching buses to the new Local Corrections Voluteer office when their owners couldn&#8217;t be bothered to thrash them themselves, noticed that they needed milking, were due for a Maintenance Beating or sometimes all three.

To add to their misery, orders came down that any prisoner out in public was to wear and display an identity pass so that any female member of the public could note their name and pass on a compliment about their behaviour... or raise a complaint.

Serving in the Community was about to become far worse than doing time in the Correctional Centres.
 









Chapter 60.


It was only a matter of days before the ladies of the coffee morning and many others had implemented the suggestions made by Wardress Sinclair.

The leather punishment straps had been ordered and delivered with the necessary oils for the intended recipients to rub in on a daily basis. The straps were each hung close to the prisoner&#8217;s bed with the date and time of the next application. One owner had even supplied a large calendar and told her servant to ensure she ticked off each day with the punishment days ringed in red felt tip. And each day the strap required oiling, even on the day of application.

Some owners decided on an early start for the time of maintenance beating. One prisoner was required to wake his owner at 6am and with him naked on her bed she laid on the strap in her night dress and with bleary eyes..... but,... full force. Others chose more civilised times, purely for their own convenience.

One example was a Mrs Redfern, a forty year old local councillor who had managed to acquire a young 20 year old male university student. Her husband had left her and she had spent some of his alimony in bribing an official to lay her hands on one of the younger ones. �The boy� as she called him had been with her for a few days that were for him blissfully free of any punishments.&nbsp; Then a large parcel of equipment arrived that would, as she put it, enable her to train him properly. 

She kept him dressed in jeans, trainers and an open necked shirt for the sake of propriety in case anyone visited. Once she had become used to having him in the house addressing her as �Madam�, her confidence grew and she was ready to reveal her true nature. 

She had previously worked as a librarian and still retained the dowdy look so common in that profession. Greying swept back hair, round rimless glasses and despite a heavy but well breasted body a rather pudding face had never made it easy to find boyfriends...but now her search was over as this one could be modelled to comply with every fantasy. She cancelled her membership of weight watchers as she now planned to spend more time indoors.

It was Friday night when she lay the implements that she had just received on the kitchen table and called him in to stand in front of her.

She was not particularly sadistic by nature but had always wanted to be in a position of authority over a male and instinctively knew that inflicting pain was a sure way to ensure obedience.

The boy stared nervously at the items on the table. Until then he had hoped that he was with one of the rare owners who simply used the prisoners for household duties but now realised that the humiliations and pain he experienced in the Correctional Centre were to be continued.

She told him that she had been far from satisfied with his behaviour and manners since his arrival and that she was now about to deal with that. He had yet to be examined so he was to strip naked in front of her.

This had happened countless times in the Centre, but it all seemed very strange to be doing it in front of what was obviously a housewife and in her own kitchen. He knew better than to question and order and removed first his shirt, then trousers, socks and trainers. Finally he slipped his small underpants off and, without being told, sprang to the present position.

He was taller than Mrs Redfern and well built with an athletic body that had been well exposed to the sun even in the Correctional centre. The white area of his buttocks were still marked by thick bruise lines where he had obviously been caned before leaving for this house. She had heard that he had been abused by several of the wardresses and always seemed to benefit from firm rather than kind handling. As expected, the embarrassment of being exposed started his penis to erect. 

She motioned for him to stand closer, then reached forward to grasp his penis with some force.

�From your report I note that this has been the cause of several punishments when you were in the Centre. Several times you were up for a beating because of your inability to keep it in check. I have considered whether to put it in restriction but then decided that it would be more fun to leave it free to behave or misbehave...as your self control should dictate. You will keep the head uncovered at all times while you are here!�

She harshly pushed the foreskin fully back, making him flinch.

�And you had better keep it clean and deflated whenever I see or inspect it.&nbsp; Furthermore, I shouldn&#8217;t have to mention that any failure to attend to it&#8217;s hygiene will also irritate me...and believe me boy....you really don&#8217;t want to do that!�

She moved her hand away.

�I will overlook this little stiffy of yours on this one occasion and I don&#8217;t have time to carry out a full check of your other genitalia right this moment as it is time for your Maintenance Beating. I will lay this on every Friday night at precisely8pm.�

She picked up the new, light brown stiff and inflexible strap and drew it lovingly through her left fingers.

�This is new and stiff so expect the edges to leave a few weals. It will be in your own interest to rub some oil into the leather over the next week so that it will be a little more supple before your next �Maintenance�. Now to the rules that you will follow every Friday night in preparation for your beating:

At precisely 7.30pm you will go upstairs. Strip, and take a thorough shower. This will be using just the cold tap and I will check to ensure that you do not use any hot water whatsoever. All heating will be turned off in the bathroom and both the windows will be wide open. You will not use a towel to dry yourself but instead you will stand in the draught from the windows until you are reasonably dry. At exactly 7.55pm you will stand outside the small bedroom which has been adapted into a punishment room where you will receive any disciplines you have earned. You will stand on the white disc that I have placed near the wall at the present position no matter how much you are shivering with the cold.&nbsp; At 8pm I will call you into the room and lock the door behind you. Without being told you will then kneel on all fours on the leather bench and await your beating.

In accordance with the rules for Maintenance Beatings you will not be secured and must remain in position until I tell you to stand. Any penalty strokes will then be announced and you will resume the position to take them.�

She then added ominously that any other punishments that had been earned in the preceding 24 hours would then be inflicted.

 


�It is now 7.30 boy. Get yourself upstairs to the bathroom and start your shower. I will be in the punishment room preparing the equipment and will call you in at the appropriate time. You can collect your clothes from down here later.�

The young male nervously climbed the stairs and entered the large bathroom. The windows were indeed fully open and the temperature had dropped to the chill of the outside night air. He noticed that a paper seal had been placed over the hot tap in the shower cubicle so there was no way he would be even tempted to increase the temperature of the water.
Bracing himself he opened the cold tap on the power shower and was hit be a fierce deluge of ice cold water with a force that stung his skin wherever it hit. He applied the soap as quickly as he could and then moved around under the cold downwash to remove it flinching as the needle jets hit his now exposed glans.

He left the shower and stood as ordered on a mat next to the windows. The breeze and his own hard rubbing with his hands soon removed most of the water and the violent shivering that had involuntary started displaced more. A short prison hair cut helped to partially dry his head but it was a wet and shivering male who took up the present position awaiting the call.

When he was summoned into what had been designated as the punishment room he marched in and took up a position on all fours on a long wide leather bench eighteen inches from the floor. Before he lowered himself he noted the bare white room with the boards over the small window and the rack on the wall which now contained the results of his owners on line shopping. She stood dressed in a tight white shirt and wearing a short black skirt, feet apart holding the new tawse in her hands ready for the event to start.

She positioned the shivering male with knees wide and elbows together with his buttocks well back and his back dipped.

�I would advise against any form of protest be it verbal or unnecessary movement. You should bear in mind that the standard dose is merely eight lashes but any fault in accepting that punishment will result in penalty strokes and the number of those is entirely at my discretion. We will now start.�
Determined to make every stroke count she moved round to his side and raised the strap over her right shoulder. Pausing only to inhale a deep breath she brought it rapidly down to strike across the centre of his buttocks with a loud �Thwack�.

It took just a split second for the pain to hit his brain and overcome the shivering urge. Instinctively he uttered a brief expletive and forced himself&nbsp; to remain in the designated position.

Each subsequent stroke was delivered with Mrs Redfern&#8217;s full weight and his buttocks were soon swathed with red bands of fire with what would be sore lines as the edges of the inflexibly new strap dug into the skin. The last stroke came low down almost at the top of his thighs but somehow he held on desperate to avoid giving her a reason to inflict any penalty strokes.

�Present!� came the order and he leapt to it thankful that the ordeal was over. He held himself rigid and resisted the natural urge to massage the searing pain away.

Mrs Redfern reached down and grasped his limp penis.

�I&#8217;m pleased to see that you are controlling this object at least boy, but what a pity that you couldn&#8217;t control your vocal cords. I am disgusted that you should have used such a foul word in my presence especially when I had warned you. I appreciate that you are in some pain at the moment but I wouldn&#8217;t be doing my job if I didn&#8217;t award some penalty points for the outburst. Now let me see....there were four letters in that word...so four extra strokes should be sufficient...unless of course you misbehave again as I lay them on!�

He felt sick with fear. Having assumed that the punishment was over it was hardly more than half way through. He wished that she had strapped him down so that the option of moving was not his. He knew that any refusal to hold his position would be dealt with by laying on even more pain so knelt on the bench as she directed, clenched his fists, forced his mouth tight and waited.

To his surprise she lifted one leg and straddled him facing his rear. He could feel the plump inside thighs brushing against either side of his body as she inched her way down his spine. She leant over and stroked the back of his right thigh with her left hand resting her right hand holding the strap on his buttocks.

�Two strokes down each thigh then boy...brace!�

She carefully and accurately laid two strokes down the sensitive rears of each thigh from the still burning band at the top to just above the inner fold of each knee. It hurt like hell but her victim managed to remain in position helped by her weight on his back.

She climbed off and ordered him back to the present position.

His face and mouth indicated the pain level that the routine punishment had achieved and the knowledge that this would be repeated every week at the same time for no reason other than policy didn&#8217;t help. Fortunately his months in the Centre had taught him that the only attitude to take was one of acceptance and submission which he did his best to display as he waited to hear whether she would deem the way he had taken the strap to be sufficient or whether even more lashes would be laid on.

She smiled and said that he had been a good boy so she could now move on to introducing him to the other implements.

�I intend to keep you on a tight rein so you will be meeting these implements soon enough. So that you can appreciate the need to keep in my good books I will let you feel a couple of whacks from each of them. In view of the state of your buttocks right now it is fortunate that this is just the start of my collection, however, as I can&#8217;t pretend that they will do anything other than inflict considerable pain. We will start with the small paddle which is normally applied to each buttock in turn. 

Back in position with your head well down backside properly presented and knees together.�

She leant over the reddened throbbing buttocks with the tear shaped wooden paddle raised it,.... and brought it down with a loud slap on the right cheek. Slowly and precisely she then repeated the blow to the other cheek.

His head was dizzy from the pain but he saw her stocking covered legs as she moved around him to hang the paddle up and replace it with the oblong board pierced with holes that would be next.

He could remember seeing that type used in the Centre on the females with the larger meatier backsides. Whereas the smaller one could be used for prolonged beatings, he knew that the larger one impacted with some force over a wide area and so was regarded as a really severe punishment that left wide and deep bruising.

It was, and it certainly did...taking his pain to even higher levels as the effect of the two heavy whacks soaked in.

Back, albeit still squirming, at the present he had to watch as Mrs Redfern systematically replaced the board on the hook and took down the cane that was hanging there. She lovingly ran it through her hands then bent it almost double to observe its cruel flexibility. Finally she gave it a few full powered swishes through the air.

�Mmmm so much pain for so little effort...which is why it has been the favourite instrument of disciplinarians since time began. You know boy, it can be plastic, leather covered or just plain old fashioned bamboo like this. They all hurt like hell as I&#8217;m sure you already know. You have felt it in the Centre I take it?�

The nervous lad was made to tell her about his worst caning. How a young Chinese wardress who had it in for him contrived to be the one who awarded an official punishment that he was due and how, being given at the evening punishment session it was videotaped and he was forced to watch it afterwards with her.

She was 18 years old and very slim with black hair in a long plaited pigtail under her uniform hat and rimless glasses. She walked around him checking that the straps that held him to the caning frame were secure and that his legs were the correct distant apart to spread the buttocks and that his back was dipped tightening them. She then retrieved a soggy leather gag from the floor where it had fallen when the previous victim, a middle aged woman was released, forcing it into his mouth and fastening the strap behind his head.

She looked towards the lady Governor who was heard to announce the sentence:

�Miss Lee, please lay on 24 strokes with the grade two cane to the buttocks and... and at your discretion, the thighs�.

Miss Lee replied with a curt �Yes Madam.� and removed her uniform jacket then her tie handing them to the female prisoner who was assisting her. She selected the cane from the rack, swished it a few times to get the feel of it and then moved into position to the rear and behind the waiting
prisoner. She placed her feet well apart to give herself&nbsp; balance, raised the cane high over her right shoulder, raised herself on to the toes of her uniform boots&nbsp; and brought it whistling down to lash into the centre of the buttocks.

She considered herself rather privileged in being allowed to thrash during a formal punishment session and was determined to impress the Governor. She had decided not to lay the strokes evenly but to concentrate them on a six inch wide band on the lower part of the buttocks so that many of them would be overlays. This technique was brutal rather than scientific and always resulted in more pain for the victim and therefore more credibility for herself.

The prisoner was soon screaming into his gag and the band of cane strokes swelling to meet the next impact. Watching the video, with his nates still throbbing made the boy relive the entire event especially when the last four strokes were brought slashing into the crease between the thighs and the buttocks.

He was brought back to the present when Mrs Redfern asked what happened post thrashing. The boy explained, blushing with shame and embarrassment that he had to report to Miss Lee in her apartment for what she described as a post-punishment inspection.

Once he was stripped she did indeed check the state of his buttocks and thighs with her sharp nails as he bent and grasped his ankles. She then however told him that he would now be obliged to �relax� her as she termed it or face further beating from her personal strap that she had clipped to her waist.

He just couldn&#8217;t face yet more pain so made no protest when she led him into her bedroom, lay on the bed with her knees up and thin legs well parted and pointed commandingly up her skirt. He crawled up from the bottom of the bed towards the white pantied crotch either side of which were the tops of the uniform stockings and the suspenders that supported them.

At this point Mrs Redfern herself was blushing with lust more than embarrassment and she indicated that he was to stand astride the bench with his hands flat on the surface so that he was almost bent double. The skin on his buttocks had already tightened so he achieved the position with some difficulty.

�This will be two full strength strokes that will make the paddle seem like love taps so you need to brace yourself against irritating me and therefore needing further penalties boy.�

Out of the corner of his eye he saw he twist her hips as she raised the cane and herself, then heard the ominous whirring sound increasing as she un-twisted and then the impact across the centre of his scorched buttocks. The pain was indescribable...but it always was with the cane. 

That, he thought as he forced himself to remain in position, was why she was using it on him.

The second stroke followed almost immediately and at least it wasn&#8217;t an overlay he thought. But bad enough.

Within seconds he was back standing but this time Mrs Refern stood almost touching his stomach with her breasts, She looked up into his eyes.

Perhaps boy, that is your last exposure to pain tonight...or perhaps not. You will now have the chance of...as your Miss Lee called it...relaxing me. If you behave and perform well...all will be good. But if you don&#8217;t you can expect to be back over this bench for more of the same.

Do you understand?�

He most certainly did.

She lay on her back on the same bench that he had suffered on, raised and parted her knees and he found himself yet again moving up between the thighs looking at a plumper panty crotch. However much he was repelled by the idea of providing this service to a much older woman he knew that refusal or even a lack of enthusiasm could not be an option.

He had no idea but not far away another prisoner was being abused against all the rules of this community service concept.



A fortyfive year old female by the name of Susan&nbsp; had, until the past year, been living in what she thought to be an ideal marriage. Both her husband, who was in his forties and she both worked in different professional occupations that guaranteed an excellent income and luxurious life-style. She was a natural blonde, five feet 6 inches tall and blessed with good looks that had only just started to fade and perhaps, in her complacency, she had started to lose the girly figure that men found so attractive.

When she discovered her husband&#8217;s involvement in an affair with a girl less than half his age she was furious. Most of the money in their relationship had been from her family trust fund so on deciding to divorce him she felt confident that he would be the loser when it came to the house and a distribution of funds.

And so it would have been had it not been for her outburst in court: Everyone who knew her had been aware of a certain arrogance to those she considered her inferiors and she was soon being reprimanded by the Lady Judge, who had started the case very much in support of the wronged wife, for outbursts including calling the young girlfriend of her husband a slut and a tart. Knowing the rules, the girlfriend did her best to play the innocent, knowing that it would hurt and wind up the older woman that she intended to replace.

The final outburst came when the Judge made a sympathetic remark to the girl who had pretended to be innocent of her boy friend even being married. At this point Mrs Lang completely lost it and screamed at the Judge that she must be totally incompetent and in siding with the girl friend, a useless bitch who should be fired. 

This was of course a civil rather than criminal court but the status of the judge must never be questioned. Controlling her temper the Lady Judge ordered her to be held pending the arrival of the police and being conveyed for trial under the new regulations that dealt severely with anyone who questions female authority.

At her trial before magistrates she did her best to apologise and gain the&nbsp; sympathy of that court for the way in which she would lose everything if they pronounced her guilty, She was, after all, an innocent party.


The three magistrates were hardened to such pleas and determined to uphold the integrity of the Judge. The verdict was Guilty and the sentence was to be confined in the nearest Correctional Centre for a period of not less than one year.

That one outburst, occasioned by the little girl lost attitude of the girl friend had lost her everything. All her money and all her property would now automatically be handed over to her husband and she would be locked up in one of the hell-holes that she had read about.

Her treatment within the Correctional Centre was no worse than that of any of the other female prisoners. To a basically rather naive and shy woman from a sheltered background it was horrendous. The constant harassment and physical cruelty were bad enough but she could not initially cope with the �personal services� that the wardresses and occasional male warder believed that they were entitled to enforce.

A few trips to the guardroom for unofficial thrashings and a couple of formal beatings that marked her record changed her attitude...at least outwardly to the point that she was considered for work in the community.

Little did she know that her ex-husband&#8217;s&nbsp; new wife had been monitoring her progress through an old school friend was on the Centre Staff. As was usual in these corruption cases a large sum of money, what had been her money, changed hands and she was told that she would be released for work the next day, but given no idea of who her new employer would be.

There was the usual routine medical that the centre Nurses made as humiliating as possible followed by the by now traditional thrashing in the guardroom by one of the policewomen. Dressed in the prisoner school girl outfit she was stripped below the waist, strapped down on the caning bench and twelve strokes laid on hard across her naked buttocks by a buxom female police sergeant. She entered the Centre transit van still sobbing and clutching her few possessions.

She scarcely looked at the other prisoners as they sat with their panties around their knees in the uncomfortable grills. Needless to say, the male driver found every possible bump in the road to add to their discomfort as their bruised bottoms slammed down on the metal seats and they received frequent blasts of ice cold or piping hot water to aid their hygiene requirements.

One by one they were dropped off to their new owners, each hoping that they had drawn a kind person in what they knew was the lottery of allocation.

Had she been near a window Susan would have recognised the area in which they were travelling, then the road. When she was released and allowed to pull up her panties the female wardress grasped her left arm tightly and led her out of the vehicle.

There are no words to describe the shock a she realised that she was at what had been her house. She half stumbled to the door and when it was opened by her ex-husbands new wife she almost passed out and hoped that this was some horrid nightmare from which she would soon awake.

It wasn&#8217;t. With scarcely a glance the young wife signed the formalities for the handover and the wardress left leaving Susan standing in the hallway with her new owner.

The new wife was aged just 22. Tall and slim with small breasts and a pert young face surrounded by short dark hair. She was casually dressed in jeans, trainers and a thin sweater. The expression on her face was not that of a warm welcome.

�I understand that your surname before you married was Lang, so that is what you will be called in this house. You will address me as Miss Sophie and my husband as �Sir�. Don&#8217;t expect anything but a hard time from both of us and I have my husband&#8217;s permission to inflict corporal punishment on you subject to his final approval when he comes home.

This means that you may expect a punishment any evening when you have displeased me. Additionally I have permission to use a light strap on you at any time for minor offences. I think that I will start by interviewing you on a formal basis so follow me though into the study.�

She led the way into a book lined room and sat in a comfortable office chair behind a large desk. Land was motioned to stand in front of the desk on a small carpet that had been positioned for the event.

�Stand to attention when you are in my presence until told otherwise...and I won&#8217;t tell you again that I require a curtsy when you approach me or vice-versa.�

Not wishing to antagonise the girl, Lang bobbed a curtsy and stood rigidly at attention with her hands at her side, shoulders back and feet together looking straight ahead as she had been taught in the Centre.

There were the usual questions about her training and how many punishments she had attracted. Then Sophie moved on to the personal things concerning her new prisoner. First she asked about the departure beating that she had received only a few hours previous and whether it still hurt. Having been told that it did, she ordered Lang to turn around and then part her legs and bend fully over for inspection.

The poor woman could not believe that this was happening to her, but had had the required level of obedience beaten into her at the Centre so did as she was told, even though the skin covering her backside was now tight and still hurt. 

�Lift your skirt up over your back and grasp your ankles.�

Her regulation white prison panties were now displayed with the bruises and weals of what had obviously been a severe caning extending either side of the panty seat.

�Stand up, removed your panties, hand them to me and then back into position.� 

Blushing deeply, Lang did as she was told and resumed her position but now blatantly displayed to the young girl.

�Why aren&#8217;t you shaved around your crotch Lang?� Sophie enquired.

Bent almost double Lang explained that it was up to the wardress in charge of a squad as to whether body hair would be allowed or not. In the case of her squad no shaving was allowed.

�Mmmm well...we will have to discuss this with my husband and see what his preference is for servant women. From where I am sitting it looks straggly and untidy...but we will see.�

She then stood, walked around the desk and proceeded to run her fingers along each of the horizontal marks that the cane had made. Several times she dug her sharp nails into a particularly prominent weal at the lower part of the spread buttocks making Lang gasp and flinch. She then ran her fingers down between the thighs playing casually with the protruding inner lips of her vulva. Suddenly she pinched the lips together and pulled down hard exposing more of the crinkled flesh. Lang gasped and her knees bent inwards slightly in reaction.

�Right girl, stand up and removed all your clothes for a proper inspection�

Again, Lang could not believe that this was happening to her...and in what had been her own house. However, the training she had received over the past weeks from callous wardresses prevented any form of rebellion and she quickly stripped naked in front of the young girl.

At first Sophie ignored her as she carefully examined first her panties then her brassiere for any marks. 

�We will be cutting down on your underwear washing while you are here Lang. As from now you will wear my cast off panties that I have already worn...make sure you keep them clean. As to your bra&#8217;s...the chances of fitting udders your size into normal underwear is zero, so you can wear some that I have bought for you. You will only change your underwear when I tell you to. As regards your toilet arrangements, you may only use one of the bathrooms after I have visited the toilet that way we don&#8217;t waste valuable water on you. It will be up to you to request permission each time.

As to bathing: I will let you know when you can bathe and as you will be using my old bathwater that will save even more water for the planet. During the night a bucket will be provided in your room but I don&#8217;t expect you to overuse it.

Is that clear?�

Lang, eyes down, muttered a �Yes Miss Sophie�.

�Now...I understand that you have to undergo a full body cavity search every so often in the Centre..so I don&#8217;t see why you should not have one here. This will be thorough and uncomfortable and any attempt to resist me will be dealt with later. Is that clear Lang?�

Without waiting for an answer Sophie picked up a pair of blue latex gloves and slipped them on then moved into a position directly in front of the trembling woman. She ordered her to the present position with hands on head and feet wide apart then corrected it by pushing the elbows even further back.

�The purpose behind this position is that it gives me clear and unobstructed access to your entire body...access that I intend to use to the full�.

She circled the woman holding her gloved hands in the air in true medical fashion, then sat on her desk looking at very hairy underarms.

She stood and grasped a large tuft of the coarse black armpit hairs with each hand. 

�You must smell like a rancid goat when you have been worked hard girl. I presume that you were not allowed deodorants in the Centre and you will certainly not be allowed any here. Assuming that my husband is happy with a hirsute servant and can live with the smell you may have to remain unshaved...we will see.�

She stood back in critical appraisal of the woman.

�Not a wonderful body is it Lang? From your podgy tummy, drooping breasts and flabby backside you must have been taking things easy for the last few years. We will have to see if we can&#8217;t lick you back into shape while you are here, even though I understand that at the Centre you regularly had remedial PT to shape you up. Let&#8217;s take a closer look at your breasts.�

The girl paced a gloved hand under both breasts and lifted them up whilst looking over their upper surfaces. They were heavy and spread down to the side of each supporting hand.

�I hear that they gave out breast canings in the centre Lang. Did these ever feel the cane?

Lang blushing furiously again stammered that they hadn&#8217;t been caned, but that she had collected two Breast Related Demerits.

�So one more error and they would have had the cane across them. Mmmm...you had better watch your step here then girl as any �B.R.D� that you collect here will make up the magic three and they will have to suffer the consequences.�

She suddenly dropped them and they slapped against the chest wall.

�How sensitive are the nipples?�

Before Lang could reply she gripped each nipple with her hard fingers and lifted the breasts as high as they would go. The pain was intense and Lang had to fight to remain at the present by baring her teeth and grimacing. One of her BRD&#8217;s in the centre had been for touching an inspecting wardresses hands to alleviate pain such as she was now going through. Somehow she managed to remain still and the breasts were again dropped against her chest.

Told to lay flat on her back on the hard chest Miss Sophie moved into position between her feet then told her to hitch forward lifting her feet in the air and bending and parting her knees to the full extent. She knew what was coming, but despite her growing fury at this cruelty she simply dare not raise the slightest objection.

Sophie started by gently playing with the frilly outer lips then ordered her to reach around her thighs and pull the already gaping outer lips wide apart. She introduced on finger and circled the obvious clitoris several times before stroking the fleshy nub hoping to elicit some reaction from her prisoner servant, but none was forthcoming. 

If there was one thing that Sophie and most females hated it was having internal examinations. Knowing this she applied some oily lubricant to her right hand and rapidly introduced her gloved fingers into Lang&#8217;s spread labia with no thought for any discomfort that the action might cause.

Which it did.

�For heaven&#8217;s sake girl, you must have had regular cavity searches in the Centre, so don&#8217;t play the virgin with me. Frankly you are so slack that I doubt you can even feel me.�

She spent several minutes probing around finding the areas which seemed to cause the most discomfort from watching the anguished look on Lang&#8217;s face. Finally she drew the hand out and told her to get on all fours.

She carefully positioned Lang in the most humiliating way she could think of. Head down with her rear up and back arched so that the dangling nipples touched the desk surface. A sharp slap on her inner thighs encouraged her to spread them even further. 

Sophie dribbled some more of the lubricant down the hairy anal cleft and then introduced it to the puckered anus with first one then two then three fingers. When Lang moved forward in reaction she followed pressing the fingers uncomfortably deep and twisting them around with a curt order to keep still.

She eventually withdrew with a loud squelching sound, and pinched a tuft of the dense wiry hair from around the anus between her finger tips. She tugged hard managing to pull several hairs out by the roots... to Lang&#8217;s audible discomfort.

�Better get used to that sort of trimming girl. If I decide that your body hair should be removed it may be the way that I do it. I really don&#8217;t think that my husband would approve of me using his electric razor on such a scruffy untidy bitch!

�Now we have to decide what you should wear in my service. I have laid some clothing out on your bed in your room. Follow me.�

Sophie walked up two flights of steps to the attic and went into a room that in Lang&#8217;s day had been empty. It now held a simple iron framed bed with just blankets and coverless pillows. Underneath was a shiny galvanised bucket. The one window was high in the sloping roof and had no curtains. The floors were bare wooden planks of some age with just a sheet of cold plain linoleum covering the bed area. A heavy approved type strap hung ominously on the wall

On the bed lay a collection of female clothing that had been recently bought from one of the cheaper charity shops. It was obvious that Sophie intended her servant to look and fell as drab as possible.

She held up a small pair of white bikini panties. 

�I have just taken these off when I came back from the gym. Hardly fresh and a little sweaty, but that is something that you will have to get used to. Just make sure that you keep them clean girl!�

As Lang struggled into the undersized garment she was handed a well worn brassiere that had been white when new and was now grey with age and countless washes. It had lost most of its elasticity and offered her little support as it was a larger size than ideal, but it was, she thought, better than nothing.

Next came an equally grey suspender belt and a pair of black stockings with several small holes that she quickly donned. Finally a whitish blouse with short sleeves and open neck and a short dark blue skirt was handed to here that completed her dress for her new life. At least she wouldn&#8217;t be required to wear the ridiculous school uniform but the down at heel clothing she now wore would hardly be a morale booster.

�You may know girl that we are required to give you a Maintenance Beating every week to keep you on your toes. We have decided that you will receive it at 7am Monday morning when you bring our morning cup of tea to wake us. This will not only give you something to look forward to over the weekend but also start the week off on the right foot. You will bring the strap with the tea and having placed the tea cups by the side of the bed you will strip naked and then hand me the strap when I reach for it. I have to give you eight strokes good and hard and if there are any errors on your part in taking the punishment I will also lay on some penalty strokes. Today is Friday so it may well be that you are still a little sore from your Centre caning come Monday, so you need to start considering how you will summon up the self control that you will need to take the strap without any form of restraint. Naturally that assumes that it will not be necessary to apply any corrections over the weekend...but again...that is up to you.�

Sophie went off to eat lunch with no thought whether or not her new servant was hungry. She had set her a long and unpleasant task of scrubbing the floor of a large conservatory that had not been clean for some time so there would be no time for the pleasures of life.

She was allowed a ten minute break for a glass of water at around four pm then had to work hard with a bucket of disinfectant suds, scrubbing brush and mop, mainly on her knees, until she had finished.

Naturally her work was inspected and it was with some relief that she was allowed to put her cleaning equipment away in the kitchen cupboards. She heard the front door opening and realised with mounting horror that her ex-husband had returned from work.

He strode into the kitchen and passionately greeted his new wife seemingly oblivious to the woman in the corner. When they had finished embracing Sophie casually pointed out the dishevelled servant. Lang was routed to the spot as she faced her ex-husband for the first time in months. Surely some vestige of compassion would show in his face when he remembered all the good times that they had shared.

Suddenly he turned to his new wife and spoke:

�Why in the hell didn&#8217;t she curtsy when I looked at her, hasn&#8217;t she been taught any manners in that place? Take her down to the basement and give her half a dozen with the paddle to teach her some respect!�

Sophie could not have been more delighted. Rather than show this she feigned concern for the now trembling woman.

�I&#8217;m sorry darling, but she is new and her poor bottom is really sore from a Centre thrashing she had earlier. Could you let her off this once?...Lang, bend over, raise your skirt and show the gentleman your bruises.�

Somehow, Lang choked back her natural reaction to refuse and bent almost double reaching behind to flip her skirt up. Sophie walked over and suddenly pulled her tight panties down to fully display the mass of weals and bruises.

�Your concern and kindness does you credit Sophie darling, but this is a convicted criminal that we are dealing with. I have been firmly advised that the only thing that works with them is discipline and as long as she is under my roof that is what she will receive. Make that 12 with the paddle and lay them on so that she feels every one. Just to check that your kindness hasn&#8217;t obliged you to go easy on her, I will inspect her back in the bedroom when you have finished.�

Sophie muttered a respectful agreement and told Lang to follow her as she led the way to the basement room they had lovingly prepared for her stay. From behind Lang could not see the satisfied smirk on Sophie&#8217;s face as she anticipated the satisfaction of administering her first beating, a beating that she fully intended would impress both the recipient and her husband.

The basement was a large one with whitewashed brick walls, bright overhead lighting and a damp musty smell. In the centre was a wooden frame that Lang recognised all too quickly as a punishment horse. Other items of furniture were spread out along with various items of gymnasium equipment. On the far wall there hung an extensive array of implements that had been bought in at no small expense to be used for applying discipline.

Lang dutifully stood to attention at the foot of the steps. The total silence was broken by Miss Sophie&#8217;s voice:

�Look Lang, I had hoped to avoid causing any more bruising to your backside as I can appreciate how tender it must be...but I have no choice. My husband has instructed me to lay on twelve slaps with the paddle and insisted that they must be laid on hard to really hurt you. The only thing I can do to help is to allow you to be secured so that you don&#8217;t earn any more for trying to avoid it.�

She walked over to the instrument rack and took down a wooden paddle the size of a hairbrush. It was half and inch thick and obviously new with a shiny varnished finish.

�He wants evidence so I will have to concentrate on one spot on each buttock...sorry...but that is how it is. Now let&#8217;s get this over with. Take off your skirt and panties then mount this horse.�

With increasing fear Lang did as she was told and climbed up on to the horse. Each punishment hurdle was different and this one could be adjusted to present the target just how the disciplinarian required. Lang found that her knees were indecently forced apart and her upper torso was much lower than her buttocks. Velcro straps soon secured her lower leg to the horizontal supports and a thick belt across her lower back forced her stomach into the padded leather of the horse back. Her lower arms were then strapped to similar horizontal rests as her legs.

�Unfortunately this particular setting on the horse device adjustments&nbsp; is designed to fully display the female genitalia to any witnesses, but as we are alone tonight, that shouldn&#8217;t be a problem. If I was to use a strap or cane it could actually hit across your crotch so count yourself lucky that it is the paddle girl. Feel free to yell as much as you need, this place is soundproof so you won&#8217;t disturb the neighbours.�

What Sophie didn&#8217;t tell her victim was that two video cameras were recording the event and that it was automatically relayed to her husband&#8217;s TV upstairs.

�Oh,&nbsp; just one further thing, I don&#8217;t like having to do this and it is for your own good, so I won&#8217;t take kindly to any insults that you may utter in extremis. I would have to give you extra and neither of us really want that do we Lang?�

Sophie selected an area on the plump right buttock, low down so that it would also hit the tops of the thigh, raised the paddle and brought it down with a loud �splat�. Lang lurched against the straps and exhaled sharply.
Five more strokes were laid on the same spot with just seconds in between giving Lang no time to take in a deep breath. 

The pain level was still climbing when Sophie decided on a spot on the left buttock and repeated the six hard slaps with the paddle.

Lang clenched her teeth and absorbed the insult of the pain as best she could. She had expected it to hurt...it always does...but the added humiliation of having to take it from someone half her age and now holding the position of power over her made it infinitely worse. Tears of both pain and humiliation ran down her cheeks as the straps were undone and she was free to lift herself off the contraption and stand back at attention.

�Right Lang, slip on your clothes and report to my husband in the study, and don&#8217;t forget to curtsy when you leave me and meet him otherwise you will be back over the horse for more.�

Having bobbed a curtsy Lang made her way up the stairs with her buttocks still feeling as if they were on fire. She hurried to meet he ex-husband knowing that the next few months would be hell for her.





























Chapter 61
The people in the neighbourhood had always known the bleak and forbidding building as the Old Police Station, and this name had remained long after the constabulary had moved out to more modern premises. The three story Victorian building lay empty for some years until the need to establish the new Local Corrections Offices.
It took some months before the place was up and running. The function of the establishment was to provide a place where offenders released to work locally could be sent by their temporary owners for punishment should the offences or complaints be too serious or too distasteful for them to deal with personally. With the level of abuse that was becoming all too regular in the system it wasn&#8217;t long before the services on offer were increased to include relief milking sessions and many more varied forms of discipline than were officially sanctioned.
All that was necessary for the owner was for them to complete a simple online form.&nbsp; After due consideration by a local committee, an appointment time would be sent back. The owner would then inform their charge of the date and time they were to report along with a list of pre-arrival procedures that would be required. Simpler events such as the infliction of a routine maintenance beating were dealt with by the prisoner arriving with a note from the owner in plenty of time for the arrangements to be made before the appointed hour. The journey was always to be by the local &#8216;bus service and with the new bright red ID cards that they were obliged to display everyone else travelling was sure to know their destination and therefore the purpose of the visit.
It had been made a policy that, with the exception of the Maintenance punishments, the prisoner was not to be told the reason or reasons for the visit so this would cause them to spend some time searching their minds for the offence that they had obviously committed and greatly increase their apprehension and fear level. Neither would they be told what the punishment would be until they had been secured over the punishment horse with a gag in their mouths to prevent protest or even comment.
The original intention was for the �Locals� as they became known, to be staffed with professionals from the Correctional Centres but the number of Locals being constructed and the expansion of the Correctional system soon caused a shortage of suitable ladies. It was decided to have the experienced wardresses in charge of the locals, but the majority of the punishments and treatments would have to be administered by local volunteers. The minimum age for recruitment was 18 and the maximum fifty-five provided that a basic fitness test could be passed. Uniforms were to be white blouses with plain blue ties, long black skirts and high heels. Shoulder tabs were worn with the shirt with �Volunteer� stitched in white. Unlike the regular wardresses no straps were carried but they did have one of the newer springy crops with a round leather tab at the end with a small hole in the centre.
The interviews were held in a formal setting at the nearest Correction Centre. Applicants were thoroughly questioned on their attitudes to inflicting corporal punishment and whether they had any experience. Those selected were then invited to attend the evening punishment session where it was arranged that heavy thrashings would be required.
This initial exposure ruled out those of a squeamish disposition and the ones that were left were subjected to intensive interviews to determine their attitudes to infliction of corporal type punishments on both male and female prisoners. The ones that were found suitable then had to pass a simple test where they were handed firstly a piece of paper detailing the complaint that had been raised on a prisoner, then a second that ordered a punishment with a medium weight strap and finally taken to a punishment room where a nervous male or female was awaiting sentence. Here they were expected to lay on one of the straps with sufficient enthusiasm that the staff would be inclined to offer them the post. Needless to say, the opinions of the prisoner were not called for. A period of probation was then served where the ladies dressed as wardress volunteers carrying out routine administration. They would then be given a list of various punishments that they would carry out to the satisfaction of a full time wardress before being fully signed off to lay on the punishments to the visiting prisoners. 
The volunteers came from all sections of the community and in all shapes and sizes. The one uniting feature was that once they had changed from their day clothes into their uniforms they became authorised to inflict pain and as such create real fear in the minds of those they met in the building. The type of implement and number of strokes was always laid down by the full time wardress in charge so in theory the degree of punishment was controlled. However, the nature of the females who volunteered for such infliction ensured that there were always ways to be found to increase both the humiliation and actual pain that the prisoners would receive. Once the door to the punishment room had been closed and locked behind the volunteer lady and the hapless victim, no one would be any the wiser if subtle techniques were employed in a sadistic way that greatly added to the distress that the punishment was originally designed to impose.
All this information was, as yet, only a distant rumour to many prisoners in the community such as Lang. She had presented herself for inspection as ordered following her twelve slaps with the paddle by Miss Sophie. She had to face away from her male owner and ex-husband, stand with feet apart and then bend fully over raising her skirt over her waist. The very act of stretching the bruised flesh over her lower thighs hurt like hell but she knew better than to offer any objections. 
She heard Miss Sophie enter the room and the discouraging clicking of the man&#8217;s tongue as he looked over the punished area.
�You have hardly reddened her at all Sophie, you really must learn to lay on the implement so that it really hurts. I will have to arrange more practice for you. As we have some of the neighbours dropping in for a drink tomorrow lunchtime, Lang here will be serving them...so she is bound to make the odd error that will need dealing with. As she knew some of them when she lived here it will be a real test of her humility and acceptance of her new status. Just make sure that you smarten her up before they arrive...a bath would not go amiss, I can smell her from here.�
Before falling asleep Lang started the long process in oiling the strap that was to be used for her Maintenance beatings. It seemed heavier than she expected and was still rigid and inflexible. She realised that she had only three days to work any flexibility into the cruel leather before it would be applied to her rear so she rubbed the oil in as much as she could before returning the strap to the hook over her bed where it was an ever present reminder of what was to come.
Following a restless night in her cell like room, Lang did indeed get her first bath as promised. She had served early morning tea in bed to the couple and was told to wait outside the adjoining toilet to await the convenience of Miss Sophie.
The young female eventually put her head out of the bathroom out and called Lang in. She was told that she could use the un-flushed toilet and then take a bath in the soapy cooling bathwater left by her owner.
The relief that Lang felt as she used the toilet was immense and the chance of getting herself clean overcame any inhibitions she had about using another female&#8217;s dirty water. By the time she had dressed again in the stale panties, old bra and her dowdy servant clothes she felt almost human.
Having gone downstairs she was given her orders to prepare for the arrival of the guests and even told who they would include. There would be just three female neighbours and one single lady. Those that had husbands would be consigning them to a day of golf along with Sophie&#8217;s husband. Not surprisingly Lang had known one of them in her previous life in the house. She had always struck her as rather arrogant and unkind and she knew instinctively that she would relish seeing her obliged to grovel to please her.

She was the first to arrive. When Lang responded to the door bell and opened it to greet her with a curtsy, she had a grin wider than her face at Lang&#8217;s appearance. She quickly showed her through into the large conservatory where the drinks were being served. The next lady was around forty years old, somewhat overbearing, tall and dressed in a&nbsp; business suit covering her voluptuous figure. From the way she stared at Lang she knew that the woman spelt trouble for her, given half a chance.
She didn&#8217;t recognise the next lady either but then a woman arrived with a man she recognised as having been in the same Correctional Centre for a while. She was tall and slim in her mid forties and wearing a leather skirt with a white blouse. She made no attempt to offer any greeting but simply brushed past Lang as she curtsied respectfully. The male had dutifully followed the lady at a distance and parted company as she entered the front door to make his own entrance via the rear of the house.
With the help of the other prisoner-servant Lang served the canap�s and drinks as quickly as she could in the hope of avoiding trouble. As she turned around, having picked up a full tray of drinks, she collided with the neighbour from hell who had carefully positioned herself on her blind side to cause such a collision.
The room fell silent.
She rushed to clean up the mess assisted by the male prisoner and as she was dumping the broken glasses in the trash heard the voice of her owner ordering her back into the conservatory.
She arrived to find the guests sitting around the edge of the room scarce able to keep the smirks off their faces. It seems that they had been promised a display of how to deal with prisoner servants along with their invitation, and now she had provided the excuse.
She was ordered to stand in the centre of the room. Miss Sophie stepped forward and gave her a stinging slap across the face. She then turned to the guests:
�I can but apologise for this error. These prisoner servants were supposed to have been trained before their release to the community but it seems that Lang here has chosen to disregard both her training and my reputation as a hostess. Clearly some form of punishment is required and I believe that it will be fitting if you all decide what it is to be.�
The well built lady in the business suit asked if she had been punished recently as in her view that might have kept her on her toes. Sophie simply ordered Lang to turn her back on the guests, spread her legs and touch her toes. She then reached over and casually flipped her skirt over her back to reveal her bunched up panties and the well bruised plump buttocks and thighs.
The woman with the male servant commented that she certainly kept her man in a more tender and receptive state so that he was in constant fear of having to take more punishment.
Such was the murmured interest shown by the other guests that she called him in from the kitchen. His glance took in Lang&#8217;s exposed humiliation and soon found himself in the same position next to her with his trousers and pants down to his ankles.
His buttocks and especially the back of his thighs were certainly more bruised than Lang&#8217;s and the newness of the bruising indicated a recent topping up. One by one the guests moved forward to run their fingers over the exposed flesh on both servants.
The business suited lady reached between his legs and pulled his dangling scrotum back between his thighs asking if his owner felt that punishments in that area were appropriate in the domestic environment. She was assured that should there be any sexual inappropriateness on his behalf she would certainly consider a genital punishment and he was due to receive one that night along with his maintenance beating for displaying an erection earlier in the day.
�That would be fascinating� remarked the heavily breasted female. �Would it be possible to bring the event forward so that we could all watch? I&#8217;m thinking of getting one of these prisoners myself and seeing how they should be disciplined would be most instructive.� The male&#8217;s owner looked enquiringly at the host, Sophie, who smiled her agreement immediately, offering to lend any equipment that might be required if the boy&#8217;s own implements were not close by.
Lang was despatched to collect the items the owner needed. They included her own punishment strap from beside her bed and a collection of implements from the punishment room. Following a whispered conversation between the owner and Miss Sophie, the latter left the room to collect a couple of items from the kitchen. When everything had been assembled the boy&#8217;s owner introduced herself as Amanda and started what would turn out to be a master class in domestic discipline for male and female servants.
Lang was told to adjust her dress and wait behind the guests who all sat in a wide padded sofa. The male, just referred to as �boy� was ordered to fully strip and stand rigidly at the present in front of them. He was around thirty, nearly six feet in height, well built with moderate body hair and short dark hair. He was very, very, nervous.
Amanda explained how this would be a demonstration of the regular Maintenance beating but would also include his weekly inspection and a dose of genital discipline. Before she even looked at the male she reached down and picked up his white cotton briefs turning them inside out.
�I firmly believe in carrying out unannounced inspections of underwear as well as regular ones such as this. I am looking for any signs...any signs... of penile activity that might indicate unauthorised self-abuse or even stains from a period in erection.� She then held the garment out to the ladies. �I&#8217;m afraid that such signs are present as you can see.�

She pointed out the slightest spot of discolouration in the crotch area.
�This will be dealt with in a while. For now, he is well aware that evidence has been found and that a price for this tumescence will have to be paid. I like to start by emphasising my authority so I need to change his position slightly.�
From the look on his face he knew what was coming as, following instructions he took his hands from on his head and placed them behind his back with the fingers gripping his opposite arm near his elbow. Standing back she then raised her right hand and brought it rapidly down across his face. Before he could even react, the same hand came back across his other cheek leaving both reddened. A barely discernable �Thank you Ma&#8217;am� came from the victim. 
�It seems a shame to have Wendell here in front of witnesses without them contributing in some way� Amanda remarked looking at the well-built lady. She immediately stood up with a broad smile, announced herself as Louise Maxton, and said that she would be delighted to help out. Following Amanda&#8217;s advice she removed a large ring from one hand leaving just plain gold rings that she had been told would not cause any undue damage. Wearing high heels, she was as tall as the servant as she stood in front of him. She had a certain presence that encouraged him to brace hard without any further orders.
The right hand was raised behind Mrs Maxton&#8217;s head and brought down and round with a force that surprised everyone in the room, particularly the prisoner who was nearly knocked off his feet. As she raised her left hand he instinctively closed his eyes just before the hand hit his right cheek even harder. It left him shaking with either shock or fear and forgetting to offer his gratitude.
This error was immediately jumped on by Amanda.
�I&#8217;m sorry Mrs Maxton, but as the wretch has forgotten to thank you for your efforts, I will have to ask you to repeat the slaps.�
Louise couldn&#8217;t believe her luck. The afternoon was exceeding her wildest expectations. She removed her business jacket revealing a long sleeved white blouse. What had appeared to be a large frame shrunk as her waist firmly contained in the skirt was revealed. She was certainly wide around her hips but it was her thrusting chest that everyone noticed even under the blouse. Adding to the delay she then slowly rolled up both sleeves to indicate that she meant business.
She was much slower this time in taking aim. She really hit hard on the left cheek knocking his head to the side then slowly positioned herself to use her other hand all the while fixing him in her stare. This too seemed harder than the earlier one and he could hardly wait to stutter �T-t-thank you Ma&#8217;am!� with some enthusiasm.
�Not a good start Wendell. Your lack of respect for Mrs Maxton has placed me in a very embarrassing position, so don&#8217;t expect any sympathy from me if you find this little session unpleasant. You will now kneel down in front of these ladies and apologise for your behaviour by kissing each of their feet and stating that you are indeed sorry.� He started at the feet of Mrs Maxton who slowly uncrossed her legs placing her high heeled shoes on the carpet a little distance apart. Her tight skirt was above her knees and as Wendell changed from giving her right shoe a deferential kiss his eyes had to cross her slightly parted knees. He duly said �I apologise Madam for my lack of respect to you.� ...and then kissed her left shoe tip.
Next to her was Sophie wearing a loose cotton skirt. A she uncrossed her legs she deliberately planted her shoes over a foot apart. Wendell kissed her right foot, went to look up at her face to apologise, but stupidly was unable to control himself and looked up the skirt for a split second. Sophie pretended not to notice. Instead she waited until he had apologised to the other two females then stood up and blew her top.
�Amanda! I am amazed and disgusted at your servant&#8217;s behaviour. He deliberately looked up my skirt at my most intimate underwear whilst he was supposedly apologising. Just look at his wretched penis, he is even having an erection and displaying a total lack of respect for every one of us.� The other three women joined in the condemnation revelling in the look of terror that the boy now displayed along with the hardening appendage. It was only the briefest of glances with each lady...but as they had complained and he had erected, it would have to be dealt with. He was soon at the attention standing in front of them awaiting his fate.
His owner was fuming. �I can but apologise ladies for this display. I do have a way of dealing with the inappropriate tumescence that is usually effective. He seems to hate having it done but I don&#8217;t see any other alternative for us each to apply that particular discipline to him if you are all in agreement.�
She moved a large square leather footrest into the centre of the room and ordered the male to stand over it with a foot either side. He could only achieve this by taking up a semi-squatting position with his thighs well apart and his scrotum dangling and accessible. Placing his hands on the floor made his position even more vulnerable but ideally placed for what his owner had in mind.
�I suggest that we each administer a slap to the rear of his genitals. I find that this really gets through to him and tests his acceptance of my authority in remaining still and accepting the inevitable discomfort. As he will be receiving five such slaps today it should be a most beneficial experience. Perhaps if we allow...say... two minutes recovery between each application...he will have time to recover and think about his errors before the next one. I will go first to demonstrate.�
She knelt next to his left foot, supported herself by gripping his left thigh with her free hand and then gently stroked his scrotum with her other fingers. Flattening her right hand she brought it back to a few inches behind the target then with a sudden movement, slapped the rear of the exposed and hanging genitals. A grunt of pain came from the male as his knees flexed and body shuddered. He knew that he was required to remain in position and somehow managed it.
�It&#8217;s the subsequent slaps that really have the required effect ladies. Right now he is suffering a dull ache that extends up into his stomach but he knows that more is still to come and that he has no choice but to accept the pain.�
Mrs Maxton was next. Having positioned herself on her knees she reached between his legs and gently grasped his penis commenting how the treatment was already �doing him good� as his �stiffy� was fast disappearing. She then firmly grasped his testicles to remind him what was coming. When she was given the nod by Amanda she let go, moved her fingers back and then slapped the dangling bulbs with an audible sound.
This time his knees really buckled and he would have collapsed on the stool in the hope of protecting his testes, but Mrs Maxton re-took them in an even firmer grip and warned him to get back in position. Sophie stood up and moved towards him.
�I suppose that we should help him absorb the pain by letting him know what will happen if he tries to avoid our slaps.� She said with a smirk. �How about six strokes with a cane from each of us if he breaks position?� This was agreed by all the ladies. 
Having gently lifted and lowered the sagging scrotum a few times Sophie gave it the sharpest slap so far causing them to fly forward until retrained by their own limits of elasticity.
Wendell could not believe that this was happening to him. He was shaking all over and a cold sweat had broken out all over his naked body. He knew that he simply must accept the slaps no matter how much the pain increased each time.
Mercifully the last two ladies seemed, by comparison, almost gentle with the slaps and he was soon back at the present in front of them. Despite his odd error they were more than impressed by the way he was receptive to their authority and knew that it was necessary to accept whatever they dished out. 
Amanda admitted that she had found what she thought was the ideal way of keeping the male in permanent fear. She simply used the facility of sending him to the Local Correction centre at frequent intervals for what she termed �Remedial� punishments. Experience had taught her that despite her frequent efforts to beat some sense and obedience into him, a regular dose of what she thought of as professional discipline applied in formal conditions by an experienced lady disciplinarian really brought him up to a decent standard of servility and respect.
The ladies took an immediate interest in hearing about this facility and asked her to explain:
All she had to do when she felt that a little extra discipline was needed was to type in her complaint on the �Local� website and await an appointment being sent back. She would then let Wendell know, and the more notice he had, usually 36 hours or so, the greater the time to build up his stress level. 
He would shower and present himself for a naked inspection, desperately trying to think what offence he had committed and therefore how severe his punishment would be. Amanda in turn would check his body for cleanliness but give no hint as to what had displeased her.
Fully dressed and with his red ID card prominently displayed he started the long journey by &#8216;bus to the centre. He meticulously followed the rules for prisoners travelling in public.&nbsp; As well as keeping his ID clearly visible he stood for the whole journey even with seats empty all around him. He knew that any member of the public could take offence, either real or imagined and having noted the number on the ID, report him to the authorities who took a dim view of any such complaints. The word had certainly got out what happened at the end of that particular &#8216;bus route for anyone with a red ID card and he received several grins from other passengers who knew full well that he could only be on his way for a punishment of some kind.
In some ways his first visit caused him less fear and apprehension than the subsequent ones. Ignorance was indeed, in that context, relative bliss. The procedure to be followed had been printed out by his owner and memorised by himself the night before. He marched smartly up to the raised main reception desk where he was obliged to look up to a large black lady dressed in her wardress uniform. She was in charge of the whole centre and regularly took the reception position to meet all the day&#8217;s intake. Standing to attention he announced his name, remembering to add the title �Madam� at the end.
Chief Wardress Rathbone stared down impassively at him before checking her computer screen. She was tall with a firm body albeit larger than average. She had been a semi-professional athlete in her day specialising in weights and shot put and retained that air of strength from continuing use of the gym. Her hair was swept back in a formal bun that added to the appearance of a formidable woman who was not to be trifled with.
�Good Morning... �Mister�... Wendell�, she said with a sarcastic tone. You know the procedure I trust. First, change into your punishment clothes, then take a seat in the holding area and you will be collected when my staff are ready for you.�
He went in to the changing room and was given the standard white vest with a number in large black letters on both the front and the back, thin shorts and sandals all of which were designed to make life simpler for the staff and even more humiliating for the prisoners. He could well imagine that the females, obliged to wear just a thin un-supporting vest and small tight panties, felt even more vulnerable.&nbsp; 

Having stripped completely he donned the items and following the orders of the young wardress drank a pint of water that she poured �To keep him properly hydrated� then marched over to the entrance to a large well lit room from which the door had been removed. In it, sitting at a desk with a computer terminal was one of the junior volunteer officers aged around 18 years. She nodded at Wendell and pointed to one of the rows of low wooden benches on which sat other prisoners awaiting the convenience of a staff member. The benches were arranged in a row one side of the room for males, with the other row facing them for females. There were three males and four females all with the combined look of dread and inevitability on their faces. One of the females, a 25 year old slim blonde had clearly already visited one of the punishment cells and sat sobbing and sniffing into a paper tissue.
The benches themselves were designed to add to the ordeal. Instead of a flat surface they had half inch metal ridges running from the front to the rear every two inches. No attempt had been made to smooth off the edges. A one inch raised ridge indicated where their anal cleft was to be positioned. Given that most punishments were inflicted across the victim&#8217;s seat, these ridges were designed to press across the stripes greatly adding to the discomfort. Prior to any punishment they were just uncomfortable, especially if any other beatings had been laid on in the preceding days. Following a recent thrashing however, they would be agonising. Additionally, the benches were low to the floor causing the prisoners knees to be much higher than their hips. This had the effect of forcing more of their body weight on to their throbbing buttocks and tightening the skin in the area. With the females being required to sit with knees wide apart, this caused them to display their pantied crotch even more blatantly than normal.
To increase the fear and anticipation the system denied the victims any idea of what they were about to receive and they were kept waiting for an inordinate time. Additionally, each one of them returning to the holding cell having been dealt with was required to stand in front of the group and state what they had just received before taking their seats.
Just as Wendell had found a moderately comfortable position a plump forty year old female marched in. Her face was flushed and tear stained but she managed to compose herself and announced her name adding:&nbsp; � My punishment was 12 strokes of the strap across my naked buttocks and thighs.� before taking her seat with some exclamations of distress, with her knee high position fully revealing the red band marks on the back of her upper thighs
Nothing happened for many long minutes. Around the walls were several notices designed to put the prisoners&#8217; nerves even more on edge: �No protests of any sort accepted� and next to it �Any prisoner making any complaint or criticism shall be liable to additional punishment at the discretion of any staff member.�
One notice stated �Prisoners are advised to relieve themselves before each punishment. Those wishing to do so should ask a staff member for permission.� In itself this caused them to feel discomfort and the need to use a toilet. There was one supplied at the far end of the waiting area in full view of everyone and it wasn&#8217;t long before a tall extremely slim female prisoner stood up and marched to a position in front of the staff desk. She executed a curtsy to the young girl and, with a blush, asked for permission to relieve herself.
The girl, clearly one of the new group of volunteers, glanced at her VDU then looked up at the prisoner:
�No! Come back in fifteen minutes and ask again girl!� the staff female snapped. Having checked her VDU she knew that the girl would be collected for punishment in less than fifteen minutes and that sending prisoners to the punishment cells with a full bladder could only add to the amusement of her colleagues giving them more scope than ever for further humiliations and pain infliction.
A thirty something female in Nurses uniform appeared at the open door and called out Wendell&#8217;s number. Covering his surprise that he was to get it over with so early he leapt to attention and snapped out a smart �Ma&#8217;am� in response. He soon found himself following the nurse, not downstairs to the punishment cells but up a long flight of steps. She opened a door labelled �Clinical Milking Room� and walked inside followed by Wendell.
The room had white walls ceiling and floor with large windows. A strong smell of antiseptic hung in the air and around the walls were various stands, boards and furniture designed to hold prisoners who were receiving the medical attentions of a staff nurse. Wendell could only assume that he was to receive a medical examination and was somewhat shaken when he was told that his owner had requested that he be milked before he was punished on the basis that he was due for a regular milking and also that she felt a thorough milking before he was punished would help concentrate his mind. He knew only too well that the policy of making the �extraction� as unpleasant as possible would be fully followed in this room and the thought of that and the ill-treatment to come made him more than nervous.
Just then there was a knock at the door and in walked two young females dressed in street clothes rather than a uniform of some sort. With a snigger the taller of the two with long fair hair in a pony tail wearing a tight business skirt and blue blouse announced to the Nurse that Chief Wardress Rathbone had said that as they were in the building as part of a work experience scheme, they could watch the procedure and then witness the subsequent punishment of the male. The younger, shorter girl in glasses with long dark hair wearing a thin shirt top and a short denim skirt nodded enthusiastically in agreement. The Nurse asked if this was their first visit and they both nodded adding that they had been looking forward to it for days as they eventually hoped that it would lead to a part time job as a disciplinarian in the Local.
Shrugging, the Nurse said that it would not be a pleasant sight to watch, but they would have to learn sooner or later how the males were dealt with and the sooner they both got started the better.
She then turned to Wendell and ordered him to remove his vest shorts and sandals then assume the present position in the middle of the room. He glanced nervously at the two girls, then removed and carefully placed the items on the floor then braced himself into the present.
�This is a good position for him to hold to start your training ladies� remarked the Nurse. �This ensures that he is fully exposed and you have complete access to any part of his body for an inspection. He is also required to maintain that position even though you may be a little harsh in your examination. 
Despite his best efforts at self control, Wendell felt his penis start to erect as a result of the humiliation of being so exposed to the three women. One of the girls noticed it first and with an exclamation of disgust, pointed it out to the nurse. 
�Mmmm...well...you must expect a fairly frequent loss of control such as this when dealing with male prisoners. I could have him punished on the basis of insolence but as we are here to milk him I will overlook it this one time. Have you both handled a male&#8217;s genitalia before?�
The elder of the two nodded that she had and she was chosen to start, but this was clearly to be a first for the other girl. First she was told to feel the nipples to see how they responded and how they were almost as sensitive to pressure as were the female variety. She was told that when a male was up for a Genital Punishment these were a useful point of pain infliction as well as the �lower� bits. Following the nurse&#8217;s suggestion to give them a good squeeze she did just that resulting in a grunt and twitch from the male. As she released them the younger girl needed no encouragement and went straight in with her long nails which caught Wendell by surprise. As she dug the nails into his now pronounced teats he almost doubled up in pain but even as he lowered his arms to relieve the tightness of his nipples that she gripped so tenaciously, a sharp �Keep still Boy� from the nurse made him stand back to the present despite the continuing pain from her grip.&nbsp; When she did finally release his nipples it was not only Wendell who realised that the girl was unusually sadistic.
The nurse handed out latex gloves and all three pulled them on to their hands with loud clicks as they released the elasticised cuffs around their wrists. She grasped the penis and started her lecture.
�Start by uncovering the end if the male is uncircumcised and checking the area for general cleanliness especially around the rear of the glans whilst holding the foreskin hard back. Rubbing one finger tip firmly around the ridge should reveal and deposits or you can use something like a wooden toothpick instead. Do lift the penis up so that the underside is fully exposed.
Then move down to the scrotum, bearing in mind that it is impossible to thoroughly examine this area without some discomfort for the subject, but Wendell here knows better than to complain or try to impede your efforts. Feel the shape and condition of each testicle between your fingers and also the other contents of the scrotum until you are satisfied that there is nothing untoward. Don&#8217;t worry about knowing what is normal and what is not, if you are selected to work here you will have to handle several males every day and will soon learn to recognise any problems.�
These inspections were universally hated by all the male prisoners. Having to stand, naked and fully exposed whilst any of the female staff, or in this case two young girls who had walked in off the street to satisfy their curiosity, groped squeezed and pulled your most private parts was bad enough. But the pain and discomfort that they always seem to cause in the pursuit of being �thorough� always made it worse. These two �trainees� proved to be no exception to that rule.
The taller girl went first. She was certainly firm, especially running her finger round the glans but at least she went easy on the contents of his scrotum. Not so the younger dark haired female. Despite her claimed lack of experience she managed to have him gritting his teeth from her first grip of his penis. Somehow she managed to force his foreskin so hard back that it hurt, especially when she used her other hand to scrape around the base of his glans with a sharp nail that she had cleverly forced through the thin latex of her glove.
She then knelt on the floor in front of the male so that her eyes were almost on a level with his genitalia. She reached forward and soon had a testicle gripped firmly between the fingers and thumbs of each hand. She rolled the sensitive bulbs around as if handling fruit in a market then suddenly utilised the protruding nail to jab the right testicle causing him to gasp and bend forward. She looked over at the Nurse and smiled as Wendell was shouted at by her to remain in position. He was relieved when she reduced the pressure and started to feel all around the dangling sack exploring the internal connections that reached up into his body. With a final squeeze of both testes she stood up and moved away.
�Well ladies� the nurse continued,� the next part of the examination is pretty revolting but entirely necessary.� She went on to explain the location and function of the male prostate and soon had their subject kneeling on a bench with his head well down and facing away from them. The nurse then ordered his knees to be spread and back arched to present his anal cleft as much as possible. She supplied some lubricant for the two females to spread liberally on the fingers of their right hand, the younger girl having sensibly changed her glove for one that was intact. 
It didn&#8217;t take long. Wendell knew better than to clench or resist in any way and was relieved that the cream they had used didn&#8217;t contain any substance that would irritate his delicate membranes, as it so often did during anal examinations.&nbsp; They both pressed and rubbed against his prostate with two fingers firmly and uncomfortably inserted as deeply as they could into his rectum. Both were removed with a loud plopping sound and he was told to stand back at the present.
�We will now attend to the milking. Remember, this has to result in an ejaculation but we are required to make the whole process as unpleasant as possible so that it will not be looked forward to with anything but apprehension in the future. There are a variety of ways he can be presented for our convenience and as I normally insist on trying for three spurts from each male, we can try one each. The first position will be at the �present� as he is now. If you would both care to change your gloves for these heavy duty rubber ones you will notice that they are heavily ridged to enable you to get a proper grip.�
Having determined that one was left handed and the other right, she soon had a girl seated at right angles either side with their parted upper thighs gripping him just above the knees. The young one was instructed to hold the dangling scrotum to stop any bouncing whilst the other lubricated her right hand, snatched his foreskin fully back and started to pump the shaft up and down. Once a rhythm had been established and the male started to make small movements of his pelvis in response, the nurse stopped the girl and handed her a small tin. Following the nurses instructions she applied a liberal amount of what she realised was crystals of rock salt then resumed pumping but at a greatly increased speed.
The male&#8217;s reaction was instantaneous. From experiencing a pleasurable sensation from the small gloved hand the crystals were now being dragged along the shaft and back scratching at the retracted foreskin and throbbing glans. The pace was increased to maximum and the grip on his legs increased. Despite the stinging pain, the massage of the shaft was still stimulating and he suddenly felt the surges of an ejaculation, an ejaculation that he couldn&#8217;t stop even if he wanted to.
With more pain than pleasure he spurted into a glass jar that the nurse had suddenly produced and held just clear of his penile tip.
�That, ladies, was not the most satisfying experience that this male has ever had, but believe me, the next two will be far worse. His penis is already a little sore but we will make it even more tender in this next position.�
She soon had him back in the position he had held for the prostate examination. This time his rapidly re-erecting and reddened penis was hanging down between his legs. The younger girl with dark hair was given the task of extracting more ejaculate. On the nurses advice she sat behind him and reached up to grasp the penis from between his thighs. She played gently with the penis to ensure that the male started to enjoy the experience. In no time she was pumping with her small hand encircling the shaft and rubbing up and down from the tip almost to the base.
She took her time and stopped frequently for the nurse to judge his readiness. Eventually the nurse gave her some cream to spread liberally on her hand before she started to rapidly pump again.
The cream contained some sort of chilly extract.
The burning cream was rubbed hard into the sensitive tissue and combined with the eroticism of what was happening the male, with a strangled moan, ejaculated into the nurses waiting jar.
�When a male is here for a routine milking I normally only allow one ejaculation.� said the nurse. �In this case the object is to remove even the slightest sexual thrill that he might have from being punished so I do my best to drain them as much as possible. There is no guarantee that this boy will provide a third sample but we will do our best. In case he has any thoughts about holding off and not co-operating we will let him know right now that such behaviour will be punished. By now he may well be sore and very tender in that area but there are still a few tricks that we can employ.�
For the third milking the nurse elected to have him securely strapped down on his back to a table with his legs spread and securely strapped to two arms that came out of the end of the table. This left his genitals hanging free.
The elder girl was detailed to sit between the spread legs giving her hands full access to his now sensitive parts. The other was told to stand at his head which was just below waist high to her. For some time the seated girl gave him gentle massage to his shaft and glans until it started to harden. The state of his penis caused him to complain with deep groans, even though the overall effect was erotic to him. The rate of pumping was increased and despite the pain, Wendell found himself responding and he tried to lift his head to look at his masturbatrix. At this point the nurse nodded to the younger girl, who, blushing deeply lifted herself up so that the males gasping face was trapped under her short skirt. He now found himself staring up at her panty clad crotch just before the daylight was extinguished and his nose and mouth were almost totally covered by the thin material.
At this point the other girl slowed down to take some proffered lubricant from the nurse, then went back to pumping with renewed energy and speed. It was more of the chilly based cream and the pain level for his stretched and retracted foreskin and glans went off the scale. With a loud scream into the panty face mask he felt the surge of the orgasm and the ensuing wave of shame that his self control had been completely taken away from him by these young girls.
When released he was ordered back to the present as the now giggling females took their leave with several backward glances at the male they had so effectively humiliated. When the paperwork had been completed the nurse ordered him to dress and proceed downstairs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was a very subdued male who found himself back in the waiting room. His penis throbbed and felt completely raw but at least he realised that a compromising erection was beyond his capabilities for some time. A tall slim female officer entered with a clipboard and called out a number. The 40 year old female prisoner was still there and with a look of surprise she sprang to her feet and snapped to attention.
With a look of some boredom the staff lady informed the woman that she was next for punishment and to follow her. The woman gasped with shock.
�But Madam...I have been punished and was waiting to be released.� She wailed in desperation. The staff member on the desk searched through her data and was soon joined by the officer with the clipboard. There had obviously been a mistake... but where?
It took several minutes to resolve: It would seem that there had been a mix up with the numbers on the shirts and the woman had received a beating that had been ordered for another female sitting in the room.
The attitude of the staff was simple: She still had her visit to the punishment room to complete as whatever had happened in error, she had yet to receive the punishment that was scheduled for her. Glancing nervously at the posters on the wall that prohibited any questioning of authority the woman pleaded to be let off as she had already been severely beaten and clutched her still throbbing buttocks in the hope of eliciting sympathy.
Just then Chief Wardress Rathbone happened to walk in having obviously overheard the pleading. Her comments were as impassive as her face as she agreed fully with the decision by her staff. She took the clipboard from the officer and consulted the sentence that had been decided.
�Add four strokes for questioning authority� she muttered. �And remember that no allowance is to be made for any existing marking from any earlier beating. She obviously has much to learn about the way we do things here. She seems all to ready to blame officers for what seems to be a genuine error on someone&#8217;s part. I think we should take a couple of these other prisoners along with her so that they can see how she is dealt with and spread the word that we do not tolerate any nonsense in this establishment.�
She quickly pointed out a girl prisoner of around 20 years and Wendell as witnesses. The officer with the clipboard ordered the now shaking female and the two witnesses to follow her, leading them down the ominous stone stairs into what had been the holding cells. Each had been extended and was now a punishment room. Each was numbered as it would seem that the equipment within varied to accommodate whatever punishment had been decreed.
The original doors were still in place but could now be opened and closed from the inside. It was left open as the officer indicated to the prisoner witnesses that they were to stand with their backs to the far wall and facing a padded wooden horse that the victim would have to mount. The temperature in the room was chilling and did nothing to stop the prisoner shaking. There was a strong smell of toilets. The walls were plain brickwork and painted white with a stone floor and high ceiling illuminated only by a small window set high in one wall. When the officer flicked some light switches the area of the horse was brightly illuminated as were the racks of straps, canes and other devices on the walls.
�For the benefit of you two� said the wardress, �I will explain the system in here. First the prisoner will strip stark naked then mount the horse. I will secure her to the device with Velcro straps around her arms and legs and finally a thick leather belt will be pulled over the small of her back that will present her buttocks and thighs for punishment.�
�Right girl, strip off and mount as you did earlier.�
The woman knew better that to argue or delay. She quickly slipped off the vest, panties and sandals and climbed up on to the horse. This consisted of a leather covered sloping support for her body that forced her buttocks high one end and her head lower at the other. Either side and away from the body were padded wooden boards to support her arms and legs. This, with the legs in particular, forced her thighs and knees to be spread indecently wide so that her intimate areas were fully displayed. Even though she was unshaved, her genitalia and anus were fully exposed and it was a measure of the woman&#8217;s fear of what was to come that this did not seem to concern her. The savage marks of her previous beating were even more apparent and reached down to the top few inches of her plump thighs. Vertically down across the weals were the indentations caused by the seating in the waiting room. Finally the strap went over the small of her back and forced the buttocks even higher.
Neither dared comment, but they were both puzzled by a stainless steel plate that was fitted to the horse behind the woman&#8217;s crotch. It led down into a funnel device that pointed down to a stainless steel bucket on the stone floor. Noticing their interest the wardress explained that it was a new idea so that prisoners who were unable to control their bladders when awaiting or during punishment would minimise the unpleasantness for the staff assigned to be there. Wendell immediately realised that this had been the reason for the insistence on them drinking a pint of water when they first arrived and accounted for the smell that lingered in the room.
She then took a well worn soft leather ball gag that had been steeped in a jar of disinfectant and ordered the victim to open wide, forcing the soggy smelly ball into her mouth and securing it behind her head. 
�Believe me, when you two have been through this, or when you think back to your other beatings in the system, you will appreciate being totally unable to move or make the sort of inappropriate comments during the punishment that would earn you extra strokes. The strapping and gagging is something of a benefit.�
Without any more explaining she picked up a container from the nearby table and lifted out a swab held in a pair of plastic forceps. The smell of strong antiseptic hit their senses. She carefully swabbed a generous amount of the cold liquid all around the inflamed buttocks, thighs and anal cleft. It took a few seconds for the coolness to wear off and the astringent component to kick in resulting in considerable struggling against the straps and much shouting into the gag.
She then picked up the clipboard and standing in full view of the victim, read out her sentence for the first time.
�Your owners have complained that you have been far too casual about your work for them in the last week and on many occasions have failed to accord them the respect that is required. They believe that you need a good beating to bring you back in line. Their recommendation is for 12 strokes of the medium cane across your buttocks and upper thighs. This has been approved and the Chief Wardress has increased it by four strokes for your earlier dissent. The cane will be administered by Mrs Collins whom I will call in just one moment. This is your opportunity to empty your bladder without attracting any penalty, I advise you to take it.�
The wretched woman knew that this was no idle threat. There was a silent pause then she released control and the two witnesses saw how efficiently the new device collected the flow. When the somewhat noisy process stopped and just a thin patch of steam came from the stainless steel the wardress picked up the &#8216;phone.
�Mrs Collins? Your next punishment is ready when you are Ma&#8217;am. She has been told the sentence the penalties for her dissent and swabbed down.&nbsp; We have two prisoners present who have been detailed to watch by the Chief Wardress.� The wardress then took up a position near the door.
It took several long minutes for Mrs Collins to arrive, during which the room was in total silence apart from the muffled sobs of the prisoner. As she entered the room the wardress snapped to attention rapidly followed by Wendell and the girl witness. Mrs Collins was a short heavily built woman in her early forties. She had short fair hair and was dressed in a uniform skirt with a short sleeved blouse open at the neck. She was one of the new breed of volunteer ladies and was normally employed as a security guard in a local departmental store. Her satisfaction and enjoyment with her new part time job was not displayed on her severe looking face. Instead, a look of boredom mixed with irritation was the only clue as to her emotions.
She clicked her way around the horse in her uniform knee boots carefully observing the woman from all directions then running her finger tips over the weals from the earlier infliction. Using both hands, she pulled the cheeks apart to check how much the strapping had penetrated the anal cleft noting the thin red line caused by the searing ridge before taking up a position facing the woman&#8217;s head. She then took down an electric probe from the wall rack, adjusted the setting on the handle and reached under the woman to lift her left hanging breast with the tip against the nipple. She had just explained to the witnesses that this was to assess if the prisoner was fully secured and gagged when she pressed the discharge button. A loud muffled yelp was heard through the gag and all of her arms and legs flexed against their securing straps. She then repeated the shock to her right breast and finally by pressing the tip just inside her exposed anus and pressing the discharge satisfied herself that the woman was indeed secured.
�Right then girl, you have twelve strokes to take plus four more for your continued stupidity and refusal to obey the rules. The fact that there has been a minor slip up with your earlier punishment is no concern of mine and I will be taking no account of your somewhat tender backside. I intend that you will feel each of my strokes to the full. You two witnesses should pay close attention as you are both due for punishment today and may well be meeting me later.�
She then unbuttoned her uniform shirt and removed it leaving her heavy white support bra exposed. The shirt, with its damp underarms visible, was hung on a convenient hook on the wall. She nodded to the wardress who closed and locked the heavy door which was a further indication of the total inevitability of what was to happen. She went to the rack of canes and selected a couple of long acrylic ones with moulded handles muttering to the wardress that she found them more pliable and less likely to damage the skin than a bamboo version. She practised swishing both and replaced one on the rack holding the selected one for the wardress to disinfect with the swab from that had previously been wiped over the target area.
She then moved to the rear of the victim and swished the cane a few times to further enhance her feeling of total vulnerability. Then, with a few gentle taps on the target part of the upper buttocks, the cane was raised back over her right shoulder and suddenly brought whistling down to impact on the already sore flesh.
As the second stroke was applied, the first weal was already visible against the already reddened skin. Over and over again the plastic rod was brought down to form another line the sum of which moved inexorably down the plump buttocks towards her thighs. 
There was no sound from the woman, she had decided on the futility of protest and simply lay there absorbing the pain that had been allotted to her by the system. The final two strokes were laid across the tops of her parted thighs and came close to marking her most intimate area.
Both witnesses were unmoved by the suffering they were observing just feet in front of them. They knew that it would be them strapped down later in the day and should they express the slightest sympathy of objection to this prisoner&#8217;s treatment, they would soon be told to change places with her. 
Mrs Collins closely examined the now wealed buttocks. She said that she intended to lay the four penalty strokes across the thighs, but as they were well apart this wouldn&#8217;t be possible. Instead she would lay four strokes across each tightened thigh in turn so that the female would not feel that she had been let off in any way.
She carefully took aim on the left thigh and delivered four rapid strokes just below the earlier pair at the overhang of the buttock. She then delivered four to the other side just as swiftly.
Without a break she then announced that the punishment was over and that the victim was to allowed a five minute recovery before being un-gagged and unstrapped and the two witnesses were then to make their own way back to the waiting area. With a brief �Carry on!� to the wardress who was unlocking the door, she departed.
Wendell was already seated in the waiting area when the woman reappeared and had to announce her offence and sentence between sobs and sniffles. The duty staff member gave her a clutch of tissues and nodded towards the waiting bench which she sat on with even more exclamations of distress. She was directly opposite Wendell but still had to spread her legs displaying her panty crotch to him. He could only speculate how much extra pain would be caused by the position of having her knees higher than her bottom with all the weight on that area.
It would be nice to think that this was the end of the days suffering for the woman, but as Wendell was to learn when he had a chance meeting with the woman some days later, it most certainly was not.
She told him that dressed in her ridiculous schoolgirl uniform, she had made her uncertain way back to her owner&#8217;s house on the &#8216;bus clutching the official looking envelope with her Report Sheet inside. She had no intention of sitting down even if that had been allowed. Her owners were a couple in their sixties who had gone to considerable lengths to arrange for �Jennifer� as they called her to be assigned to them. Outwardly they appeared to be your average concerned and caring couple but as Jennifer knew only too well, the reality of her position was markedly different. They had both lived abroad and worked for the British Government in several distant places. They had been used to servants and had no intention of giving that life style up now they were retired. The ability to use and abuse a servant was something that they had always hoped for but never achieved until now.
Jennifer knocked on the rear door and it was opened immediately by �Madam�. She was shorter than the average with swept back gray hair into a bun. She wore half rimmed glasses which conveyed the impression that she might be a school mistress or something similar. Her figure was still slim with matronly breasts obscured by a dark blue dress underneath which she preferred, as Jennifer knew too well, supporting underwear and stockings from a previous generation.
�Well, young lady, you certainly took your time.� She snapped. �You will make and serve tea to Mr Henderson and myself in the sitting room...and be quick about it!�
There was no mention of how she had been treated at the Local, why should there be thought the woman. They had sent her to be beaten and that was that. Jennifer quickly produced tea and biscuits for two on a silver salver next to an envelope containing her report from the local, then walked into the sitting room to find the Hendersons sitting on a long sofa as she knew they would be. She put the salver down in front of them, backed away, bobbed a curtsy and said.: �Tea is served Madam,..Sir.�
Mr Henderson eyed her up and down in his usual manner. He was tall and well built with grey hair and a weather-beaten face.
�Ah yes Jennifer...I had forgotten...you were sent for a beating today in an attempt to sharpen up your attitude to work in this house were you not? I trust they dealt with you as we requested. Hand me your report girl and it had better be complimentary.
Nervously Jennifer handed him the envelope with another curtsy before walking backwards to her original position. He opened it and pulled out two sheets handing the second to his wife. He slowly read the report with his eyebrows indication surprise at some of the comments.
�I really can&#8217;t believe that even you would question the staff Jennifer. I see that you received an extra four stroke for it...I&#8217;m surprised that it wasn&#8217;t more. And all because they made a simple mistake with the first punishment.�
Jennifer knew that she had to agree and go along with the man&#8217;s utterly unfair comments. She simply looked at the floor and muttered �Sorry Sir.�
�Well� he continued, �Let&#8217;s see what all the fuss was about shall we? Turn around, bend right over and raise your skirt.�
She did and waited for some indication of sympathy. She realised that her bottle green school knickers that Mrs Henderson insisted she wore covered up most of the buttocks, but surely the weals across her thighs should be visible under her suspenders that reached down to hold the black stockings up.
�Mmm...well things look pretty good from here apart from the bruises across your thigh backs and they can&#8217;t hurt that much even though you richly deserved them. Now,� turning to his wife,&nbsp; �What does the other letter tell us?�
Mrs Henderson seemed most excited.
�Well dear, they are expanding the treatments that they have on offer at the Local. They are training a small number of males in inflicting corporal punishments so you can ask for your servant to be dealt with by a male officer should you feel that to be more effective. You can now send both males and females for Genital punishments and they have trained up some junior nurse volunteers to give a daily cover that they hope to extend to weekends eventually. Routine milkings for the owners of males who find the procedure unpleasant is now available at all the normal opening times and they are considering offering female relaxations, as they call it as well. Now...well...here is something for us...they have permission to introduce breast punishments from the start of next month. Apparently the delay is caused by the time it is taking to train up volunteers. I have often thought that Jennifer here could benefit from such a punishment.�
Mr Henderson looked concerned. �Did you have your breasts punished when you were inside Jennifer?� Blushing, Jennifer told them that she had received nine breast cane strokes on each breast just the once, and had to explain how three were laid on the upper surface, three on the lower and three across each nipple.
He snorted in disbelief. �Yours droop so much girl that I fail to see how they could get the cane to the underside! Let&#8217;s have a look at them...strip to the waist!�
Jennifer knew this would happen, sooner or later he would find some excuse to humiliate or hurt her and all she could do...dare do...was to obey. She quickly removed her tie then her shirt exposing the heavy old fashioned bra that she had to wear above the restrictive white body corset that squeezed her waist so tight. The bra was soon laying on a table with the other items and she was at the present.
�There you are,� he snarled, �half of the lower surface is clinging to her chest.�
That was indeed true. : She was a large girl in that area and although her breasts were superbly shaped even their owner would agree to a little sag. Mrs Henderson stepped forward, gripped both of the large nipples in a fierce grip with her fingers and lifted the breasts up high. �There you are dear...all exposed on the soft underside.� Then let go suddenly. 
Mr Henderson stood up and spent several minutes doing the same lifting and then groping her breasts as she usually did.
�It would certainly be another way we could keep this girl in check.� He mused. �It will be something that we would like to be kept informed about so I think we should reply and express interest my dear.�
After that Jennifer was left alone and apart from serving dinner she was allowed to remain in her room attending to various sewing tasks. When it reached nine o&#8217;clock and she could hear them watching one of their favourite shows on TV she permitted herself some hope that they would forget that this was a Wednesday and that her maintenance beating was due at 10pm. She really didn&#8217;t think she could take any more as her buttocks and thighs were still sore and throbbing from their earlier treatment. The slightest touch or even sitting on a soft surface hurt like hell. It would be a gamble to ignore reporting to them, but she decided to risk it.
Sure enough, the time came and went and nothing was heard from them. Following routine she changed into her pyjamas and prepared for bed ready to spend a restless night on lying on her front. At ten thirty precisely the call bell by the side of her bed rang and her heart sank: she was being summoned. Hoping that she was required for some simple task she went to the sitting room but realised from the atmosphere that she was in for it. The TV was turned off and she was told to stand in front of the sofa, yet again. Mrs Henderson started the interrogation in a calm quiet voice that Jennifer knew only too well presaged something deeply unpleasant for her and she was frightened, really frightened.
�What day is it Jennifer?� she asked and having received a reply went on to ask �And what time is it?� Having received the answers she then coldly asked: �Jennifer, what are you supposed, no required to do, at exactly 9.45 on a Wednesday night?�
Mumbling and shaking Jennifer responded: �Report to you Madam with my maintenance strap in my hand ready to pass it to you.�
�...and what then?�
�Please Madam, I am to go up to your bedroom, strip completely, kneel on the left side of your bed on all fours with my knees wide apart, head touching the duvet and back arched until your or Mr Henderson arrives to give me the beating.�
�...and during the beating?�

�I must remain in position... otherwise penalty strokes will be awarded Madam.�
Mr Henderson interjected: �Well Jennifer, knowing all this you have seen to deliberately flout our rules and instructions...why is that?�
�Ppplease Sir, I have been beaten already today...my bottom is too sore to take any more. Please may I have them on another night instead... Sir?�
The couple looked at each other in shock and both commented how insolent she was in deliberately avoiding punishment then trying to wriggle out of it even more. She was told that the state of her buttocks was of no concern and if she really wanted to avoid repeat punishments she should behave better. She was told to leave the room whilst they discussed her fate which she did, standing, trembling with fear, in the cold hallway. Eventually she was called back in to stand in front of them.
�Having given the matter due consideration, we have decided that your maintenance beatings will be increased from 8 to 16 strokes for the rest of the month. It is your bad fortune that this is a month with five Wednesdays. Needless to say, double penalty points will be awarded for the month as well should you irritate us on any occasion. It is rather late, but this is a Wednesday and you will now receive your beating. Go and fetch your strap.�
With a curtsy to them both, Jennifer hurried up to her room, took the wretched implement off its hook and on returning to the room presented it to Mrs Henderson with yet another curtsy of submission. She was told to follow the normal instructions, go to their bedroom and to grip the strap in her teeth when in position. It took but seconds for her to strip and mount the bed. She felt the tightness of her flesh and renewed the persistent pain as she bent into the required position. By twisting her head she could see herself in the mirror and just how blatantly she was displayed along with the weals and bruises that the Hendersons had yet to see. For one brief moment she allowed herself to believe that they would take pity on her when they saw how tender she was and not carry out the punishment, or at least, reduce it to something with which she could cope. She soon came back to reality and realised that the marks were more likely to inflame their sadism rather than reduce it. There was no clock so she could not tell how long she was waiting. She knew that one of their tricks was to keep her in suspense far longer than necessary but not daring to move in case they suddenly burst in, as they had on more than one occasion hoping to find her out of position and therefore liable for penalty strokes.
She found that biting on the strap to retain it in her mouth soon had her tongue tasting the oil that had been lavishly anointed by herself. It was making her salivate for some reason but she dare not remove it even for just one second in case they came in.
After fifteen minutes of holding the humiliating and difficult position and dribbling into the strap the door opened and she heard them walk into the room, closing the door behind them. She knew that she was theirs to do with as they wished.
Mrs Henderson was the first to speak: �My... my... girl they really give a good thrashing at the local don&#8217;t they! You must be quite sore.� She then slowly dragged her sharp finger nails up and down her cheeks digging into the weals so that Jennifer flinched.
�Keep still girl, you are in enough trouble without making things worse for yourself! Do you really want some penalties?� she then gave half a dozen sharp slaps to both buttocks knowing that the condition of her target would greatly increase the pain level. All that Jennifer could do was to bite even harder on the oily and now wet strap.
�I think that we will start with four strokes from me and then four from my husband. Normally that would be the end, but of course you are on an enhanced maintenance beating for tonight and the next four weeks. Just in case you are expecting any sympathy let me remind you that any insolent exclamations or undue movement will most certainly result in penalty strokes as normal.�
Jennifer knew from previous beatings that this was no idle threat and that her owners would be looking forward to finding some small fault that would justify even more pain. Mrs Henderson reached round and gripped the handle of the strap telling her to release her dental grip which she did. Mrs Henderson grunted in disgust as she showed her husband the teeth marks and dribble on the strap. She then stood with feet wide, raised the strap back over her shoulder and brought it down over the centre of the waiting buttocks with a dull �thwuck�.
It hurt Jennifer even more than she expected but she remained in position and waited. The next three followed quickly, all to the same area so that a broad band of flesh felt on fire. She started sobbing knowing that nothing would stop the assault. Mr Henderson laid his four on with even greater force, as he always managed to do. His landed lower down and started to encroach on the tops of her thighs.
Her buttocks felt as if a red hot iron had been applied to them. She knew that she had moved during the strokes, how else could she absorb the pain? Whether that would be deemed sufficient to need penalties she would no doubt be told. Just then he ran his hand between her legs cupping her hirsute vulva and slowly introducing a wriggling finger into her intimate folds. By now she should be used to the Henderson&#8217;s employment of humiliation as well as pain to break her down, but she would never voluntarily agree to these assaults, she would only learn to accept them to avoid more of the same.
She well remembered her first few days with them. A couple of the young boys from the next door house popped in on some errand for their mother. They were not yet eighteen, well under half her age, but fired up on emerging hormones and could not help looking at her large breasts. Rather than telling them to behave Mrs Henderson just grinned at them and said how good it was that they were taking an interest in the opposite sex. She then asked them if they had ever seen a pair of breasts in real life?
Mumbling and blushing they both admitted that they had not. Unbelievably Mrs Henderson said that perhaps the time had come to correct that and turning to Jennifer gave a simple command to strip to the waist. Jennifer, understandably shocked, covered her breasts protectively with her hands and shook her head.
Mrs Henderson was furious. Telling the boys to wait, she ordered Jennifer down to the cellar and followed her leaving all the doors open. This room was in the process of being developed as a place in which punishments could be inflicted. Taking a thin cane down from the wall rack she ordered Jennifer to bend over with legs apart and grasp her ankles. She hesitated, but soon complied when Mrs Henderson offered to call the boys down to watch. She then felt her schoolgirl skirt raised and her knickers being snatched down to her knees. Her new owner stood to her side, raised the cane high and quickly laid on five stinging cuts across the plumpest part of her nates. 
The sound of both the cane and Jennifer&#8217;s yelps carried upstairs to the waiting pair who looked at each other with broad grins. They had, of course heard stories about the way these prisoner servants were treated but hearing it for themselves was an unexpected treat.
It was just a couple of minutes before the now dressed girl came back up the stairs and stood in front of them again. Mrs Henderson apologised for the delay and explained that this was a new servant who had much to learn. She then turned to Jennifer and repeated the order to strip.
Sobbing a little and blushing bright red, she obeyed, just lingering for a brief second and looking at her owner in the hope that she might change her mind before reluctantly slipping off her shirt and large white brassiere. She took up the hands on head, elbows forced back and legs apart position without being told. She tried to ignore the throbbing pain from under her skirt as the boys looked over every part of her breasts.
�Not the best example of how breasts should look boys as Jennifer is rather old and overweight... so hers tend to droop more than they should. However, they are a good size and the nipples big and rubbery.� She then ordered her to jump up and down so that they bounced and slapped against her chest wall. The movement causing some amusement with her small audience.
�I must have a word with your mother, it might be a good idea for you two to come round and get some practical experience of what a fully developed female looks like...you know...get to examine her...all over...really thoroughly. Would you be interested?�
Their enthusiasm for the suggestion was overwhelming.
�Right then, I will arrange it sometime, in the meantime I will allow you both fifteen seconds each to give them both a real feel... and don&#8217;t forget the nipples.�
It felt longer to Jennifer. Standing there, frightened to move or object, she had to brace with her elbows hard back as the two young thugs cruelly squeezed and pulled with one hand on each breast. When they had finished, both ached and carried red marks.
Just a few days prior to the visit to the local Mr Henderson had complained about Jennifer&#8217;s weight and said that the time had come to do something about it: Mrs Henderson had agreed and remembered back to the incident with the neighbours boys. She had completely forgotten to discuss things with their mother but had noticed how fit they were and had heard from a friend that they regularly exercised in a large gym that had been built for them in a building in their garden. She wondered if perhaps their mother would allow them to take on Jennifer for some really hard physical training so that she would burn off some calories. In return they could use her for some more exploring to increase their knowledge of the female anatomy. With both her owners in agreement Jennifer was informed and still awaited the results of the discussion that she knew had taken place with the boy&#8217;s mother. She could not believe that even the Hendersons would hand her over like a toy to these two youths. The thought of being trained by them with physical exercises until exhaustion was bad enough, but the thought of them having her strip and be intimately groped and exposed for their education, was infinitely worse.
The sound of Mrs Henderson slapping her hand with the now warm strap brought her back to the present day.
�Well girl, eight strokes to go. We could lay them all over your backside but that seems to be a little too tender, so we will be incredibly kind and lay them on another part of the body. You will therefore take them on your inner thighs which seem to be untouched. Lay on your left side facing away from me and lift your right leg up high to fully expose the left thigh.�
With some difficulty Jennifer did as she was ordered. The soft white flesh of her plump thigh lay fully exposed. Mrs Henderson raised the strap and brought it hard down across the leg... high up near her exposed crotch. She had chosen the site well knowing just how sensitive the area is to any punishment. Jennifer&#8217;s instinctive reaction was to lower her right leg to protect it, but she managed to keep her limbs well spread. The next three moved down the thigh three inches at a time towards the knees until the whole area was red and burning.
On the command �Change� from Mr Henderson she turned on her right side and extended her left leg skywards feeling the abused flesh tighten. She could now see the careful way he caressed the strap in his hands before standing back a little and bringing it down just above the knee. Knowing where the most sensitive spot was he was keeping the best &#8216;til last. The three remainders fell quickly leaving both inner thighs blazing with pain as she was ordered to her feet and told to wait outside the bedroom door whilst they discussed whether any penalties were needed.
This was psychology at its worst. She stood on the cold landing frantically rubbing her legs to ease the pain, dreading the call to return, but knowing that she would have to obey and allow whatever the pair had decided, to take place. Eventually her name was called and trembling with fear she marched in, curtsied to them both and stood to await their verdict. 
They sat side by side on the bed. Mrs Henderson smiled cynically. �Your acceptance of our authority tonight has been barely acceptable, but we have decided to let you off any more strokes. We may need your services later so I want you to kneel at the foot of the bed and await your next order Jennifer.�
It could have been a lot worse. Usually kneeling at the foot of the bed required her to play some part in the sex that usually followed her beatings. With luck it would be just tidying up afterwards when they were asleep. Without luck she would be expected to join them in the bed and assist in some way as she tried to forget the pain they had caused her.

Meanwhile, for Wendell, his visit to the local continued in its inexorable way: He had to wait a further ten minutes before a volunteer wardress in her thirties, tall with lanky short blonde hair and an angular face walked into the waiting room and called out his number. He obediently followed her as she almost marched through the building well aware that a word from her would increase his sentence should he show any reluctance or disrespect. He soon found himself in a punishment cell and was mortified to find the two young girls who had watched and assisted with his milking present were there to witness his punishment. As he stood to attention awaiting the next order he found their immature grins of anticipation to be more than distasteful.
In no time he was totally naked and lying in position with his thighs spread and his head well down awaiting the tightening of the Velcro straps. His painfully sore penis with its retracted foreskin rested against the cold steel of the urine trough which he felt almost soothing, but he knew from the formal thrashings he had received when in the Correctional Centre that this would be a short lived relief.
The two girls were allowed to assist in fastening the restraints which they did using all their strength to bind him securely to the horse. The wardress retrieved the gag from the disinfectant jar and pushed it into his mouth fastening the straps behind his head. He had no idea what the liquid was that it had been steeped in, but it tasted foul and smelt even worse.
Rather than hurry the proceedings the wardress took the time to show the girls the various canes, straps and paddles that hung on the racks and described how they were used on the male and female victims that were brought into this place of discipline. They seemed to take great delight in flexing and swishing both the rattan and plastic canes whilst speculating on how painful they were to receive. They even tried hitting their free hands with a few implements and emitted frequent exclamations that indicated they were experiencing the effects for themselves.
�Now boy� the wardress said to Wendell �This is the time to relieve your bladder without incurring and penalty strokes. I strongly advise you to do that.� Just then, the elder of the girls reached between his thighs and grasped his dangling tender organ between her thumb and fingers and started to shake it hard which as well as being painful also reminded him that his bladder was indeed full and that he would have to relieve himself in front of them no matter how disgusted and humiliated it made him feel. Even the act of passing water proved to be painful, especially with the girl gripping the shaft and waiting to direct the flow,&nbsp; but at least it wouldn&#8217;t count against him he acknowledged to himself as he relaxed control and the urine flowed freely into the stainless steel trough.
The action was greeted by sounds of disgust from the two witnesses who then asked if they could swab the area to be punished. It was the younger girl&#8217;s turn to torment him. She took the forceps in her hand and swished the swab around the bowl for some time before bringing it still running to his buttocks. It was ice cold and smelt more like a commercial product than one for sensitive human skin. She allowed it to run down his buttocks and particularly into his anal cleft where it stung his anal region savagely. Having wiped it generously over both buttocks and thighs she drew it down through the anal cleft and then wiped it around the exposed tip of his penis rubbing it against the steel of the trough. The skin in that area was already raw, and as she hoped, the liquid added greatly to his suffering.
Eventually the volunteer wardress picked up her clip board and read aloud to him: �Your owner has complained about your frequent requests to be milked, a procedure that she finds revolting. To discourage this in the future she has asked that we milk you here, which I note has already been done, and then inflict a paddling and dose of the cane. I see that we have approved thirty swats of the small paddle to be followed by sixteen of the medium cane. The lady scheduled to punish you is rather busy and has therefore authorised me to lay on the paddle, she will then come here to lay on the cane.�
Wendell lay there fuming at the injustice. He had mentioned it just the once and to have him beaten for that one time was a total injustice...not that he was even in a position to comment, let alone complain.
She went on: �I have been given permission to allow these girls to practice with the paddle. I will lay five on each cheek and then they will do the same. Needless to say, any whacks that I consider to be too light...will be repeated.�
The wardress selected a heavyrubber paddle from the rack. It had a wooden grip with the oval shaped business end somewhat larger than a hand. It was over a quarter inch thick and not very pliable as she demonstrated by flexing it in front of him. She could just as easily have selected one of the smaller lighter paddles so her choice demonstrated that Wendell should not to expect the slightest consideration, let alone mercy from the woman.
Playfully slapping it across the palm of her left hand she told the girls that she had chosen that particular paddle because she needed to �tenderise� the whole of the buttock area so that the relatively minor caning would have the most effect. Much as she would prefer to land the paddle on the same spot every time, even to giving the whole thirty strokes to the same spot on the same buttock, she would have to spread them around or risk displeasing the wardress who would eventually arrive to lay on the cane. She said that she would give him her ten and then the girls could try their hands.
His buttocks were only slightly bruised from earlier beatings by his owner and apart from the vertical indentations from the seating, they had an almost clean area to work on. This did not last long.
The wardress laid on five to each side, raising the paddle way over her shoulder and bringing it down to a slightly different target each time with a loud �Thwack�. One girl stood behind to observe the marking process and the other squatted in front of his face, not caring that this would allow him to see her panty crotch as she was so absorbed in watching his facial reactions to each impact. 
The younger girl went first. She was of a slight build but packed a surprising wallop and she put her whole body behind each stroke of the paddle on the already reddened target. It took less than a minute to complete her allocation and hand the now warmed implement to her friend.
She stood behind the boy, stroking the palm of her left hand with the rubber as she surveyed the buttocks deciding where she needed to hit. 
�There doesn&#8217;t seem to be much colour in his thighs, so will it be ok if I warm them up a little?� she asked with a grin.
�Warming� was hardly the word.&nbsp; She gave five really hard whacks to the upper part of each thigh overlapping the lower part of each buttock cheek. When she finished, her selected area was a much darker hue than the rest as the bruises started to appear.
His buttock area still felt as if on fire when he heard the phone being lifted and a brief conversation imparting the knowledge that he was ready for the cane. There was a long wait during which the wardress explained the finer points of how severely the staff laid on the cane in the local. She said that the unofficial motto was that if you laid it on hard enough it would be a longer time before a repeat performance would be necessary. In practice however, since the decision as to whether another offence had been committed rested entirely with the owner, this didn&#8217;t always hold true. What was true that the fear and apprehension displayed by the repeat offender was certainly increased when he or she had been really effectively thrashed on the previous visit.
Just then to Wendell&#8217;s horror, the door opened and in walked Mrs Rathbone the Chief Wardress. Of all the rotten luck he thought to himself. Any other wardress would be strict, but not to the extent that he had heard Mrs Rathbone was. When he saw her selecting a prodder from the rack he knew what was coming and struggled against his over tight straps to move. It was futile and he felt the cold touch of the probe lifting up his scrotum and nestling between his testicles.
�Just a routine check to make sure that you ladies have secured him properly� she said quietly.
Then pressed the discharge button.
To the captive male it felt as if he had been kicked in the balls. He strained against his straps and shouted...or at least tried to shout into his foul tasting gag.
It took several seconds before he could relax and open his eyes. Mrs Rathbone stood in front of him towering over his head.
�It is the custom in the actual Correctional Centres that formal thrashings are carried out with the Officer stripped to the waist. This emphasises the feminine aspect of the punishment so the victim learns respect for the female in authority.� It also� she added with a cold smile to the new girls, �reduces the ladies body temperature a little as a really good thrashing can be hard work and that of course induces sweating.�
Without any embarrassment she then removed her tie and undid her shirt slipping it off her back to reveal a white heavy sports type bra with her breasts surging over the cups. This was unclipped from the rear with some difficulty and leaning forward she pulled the stiff wired cups free of her breasts and hung it with the shirt and tie on a convenient hook.
She was certainly a magnificent site that even Wendell found impressive. The light brown breasts stood out well, even without support, and were capped with large almost black areoles and thick black nipples almost half an inch long. She leant forward until they were almost touching her victim and shook them slightly.
�Take a good look at them Boy! This is the one time you are allowed to without it resulting in even more pain!� She then stood and addressed the girls:
�This will be a formal flogging and it is designed to hurt. If you have any thoughts that you won&#8217;t like what you are about to see, I would advise you leave now.� They remained motionless and so she closed and locked the door, signalling the end of all hope for the male and walked over to the cane rack. She knew what she was looking for and soon found it.&nbsp; A length of knotted but springy bamboo with a hand grip in rubber. It was forty inches long and about 3/8th of an inch thick not counting the knots. Most of the staff would have chosen a thinner and more flexible cane, but as Chief Wardress, Mrs Rathbone knew that her inflictions had to be that little bit special to impress the staff and the prisoners with her authority. This might impress the staff, but would be sheer hell for the victim.
She squatted down to be level with Wendell&#8217;s head and held the cane under his nose. �You will be feeling this in groups of four strokes, I will allow a couple of minutes for the pain to subside between each group. My advice is to remember to breathe and avoid clenching your buttocks as that will only make it feel worse.�
She then stood, and with a glance at the wall clock, raised the cane over her right shoulder and brought it whirring down to cut across the buttocks just below the top of the anal cleft. The next three fell in rapid succession creating a two inch broad band from the top of the cleft. As the pain reached Wendell&#8217;s brain, futile sounds of extreme anguish could be heard through his gag. Mrs Rathbone pointed out the different weals that her �special� cane created. Slightly thicker than normal canes and with the characteristic lumps or extra swellings from the knots.
She waited for exactly two minutes on the wall clock ...then brought the next four strokes slashing down, just below the first ones.
�You girls can now appreciate why I checked on his restraints. Believe me, if he wasn&#8217;t secured he would probably be running round the room clutch his backside and begging for leniency. Feel free to run your finger tips...and nails if you wish over the ridges.�
This they did, commenting on how hot the weals felt, particularly the added swellings. Needless to say their nails were scraped along the ridges whilst watching to see if this caused the male any extra pain. It did, but he was so totally maxed out by the cane strokes themselve there did not appear to be any extra moans or struggles.
The next four strokes followed and joined up with the first two searing bands of pain across his buttocks. A period of just two minutes then elapsed with the room in total silence apart from Wendell&#8217;s muffled moans and the creaking of the straps and frame that supported him.
Before laying on the final four Mrs Rathbone carefully examined the area available. Rather than lay another band to join the others she prodded the tip of the cane against the lowest part of the buttocks and upper thighs that were unmarked.
�It would be a pity to let this soft spot escape the rod� she mused, �but we had better first re-position the thighs so that I don&#8217;t catch the scrotum by mistake.�
By winding a handle low down on the left of the frame the supports on which his lower legs were strapped were brought closer until they were almost touching. This had the desired effect of shielding his testes but raised his buttocks tightening the skin around the lower area. Sensing what was to come, the male was now shivering with fear and his entire body covered in a cold damp sweat.
There were no more words. The rattan cane was raised high over Mrs Rathbone&#8217;s sturdy shoulder and brought whirring down across the vulnerable flesh. Three more strokes quickly followed to cover a band of just two inches or so of the most sensitive part of his legs and backside.
The cane was then immediately placed back on the rack and the Chief Wardress about to depart when the duty wardress raised a query. Needless to say, not one of the females was even looking at the shivering moaning male as their interest had ceased with the final stroke. 
�With respect Ma&#8217;am� the young wardress said �I am trying to complete my punishment assignments so that I can become fully authorised to punish these wretches myself. I have noted that Wendell&#8217;s owner has kindly ticked the box that would allow us to use him for staff training and wondered if you would allow me to lay on one of the punishments that I need to complete. You could, perhaps, sign me off if I administered it to your satisfaction.�
Mrs Rathbone, struggling to replace her support brassiere picked up the clip board and examined it and turned to the two young witnesses:
�Mmmm, you see girls, we have recently included a box for the owners to tick should they be happy for us to use their prisoners for a little extra staff training. There have been comments that owners who ticked it thought that they were simply agreeing to the actual punishment being used for training rather than anything extra but that is hardly our concern. In Wendell&#8217;s case the box is ticked and we can use him as we wish, should we chose to do so.�
She then asked the wardress what she had in mind. It seemed that she had yet to lay on a hand punishment and following a brief glance at the wealed and reddened buttocks in front of them, laughingly agreed as at least that part of him was still unmarked.
Wendell could not believe that his agony was not yet over. He had no idea what a hand punishment entailed, perhaps it was being slapped by the wardresses hand, maybe his face, whatever the area it would be better than taking any more pain to his rear.
He soon found himself unstrapped, ungagged and somewhat unsteadily, at attention taking great care not to follow his natural instinct and trying to rub away some of the pain. He was still damp with sweat and rather paler in complexion than normal, but all of these signs were perfectly normal to the two staff to the extent that no comment was necessary. Needless to say, the two female visitors had flushed faces and a shining eyes that seemed to indicate their continuing excitement at his vulnerability and pain.
Mrs Rathbone, now fully dressed briefed the wardress and explained to the visitors:
�The hand punishment, is really a relic of the old style school punishments where a strict mistress would keep her charges in line with a cane. What I want to see is a more penal version of that punishment. I expect to see five firm strokes of a suitable cane laid on across the fingers and palms of this boy. He will take the strokes without any attempt to avoid them. This is in itself, a good test of his acceptance of the wardresses authority as he will see everything in front of him and be obliged demonstrate his acceptance of her authority by not moving his hand in the least, even though he knows it will hurt like hell...or should do if she lays them on to pass my level of satisfaction. Now...which cane will you select? It will of course be much lighter than the one I have just used but not as light as say one of the ones that we will be using when we are approved for female breast punishments. Anyhow, the assessment starts right now so off you go!�
With a confident smile the young wardress went over to the rack of the lighter canes, took down several and practised swishing them several times before selecting a very flexible plastic rod about two and a half feet in length and a quarter of an inch in diameter.
She then addressed Wendell:
�Right boy, you will now experience a hand caning from me, not because you have committed any crime but simply because I need to demonstrate one to the Chief Wardress here. I intend that it will hurt, but should you try to avoid any stroke you will still receive that stroke and a penalty one in addition. Throughout the punishment you are to watch the tip of the cane wherever it is and your eyes are to remain open. You may brace yourself when you see me bringing it down but nothing else. There will be no rubbing hands during or after the last stroke has been given. I will accept a little movement after each stroke, but you will have your hand back in to correct position within ten seconds or that stroke will be repeated. Do you have any questions?�
A forlorn Wendell assured her that he had not.
�Stand with your feet apart, left hand behind your back, right hand in front parallel to the floor.� She then used the tip of the cane to lift his hand to the required level. �Fingers together and fully outstretched...�
She stood to his right about four feet from his hand to ensure that the tip would hit the target, raised the cane back over her right shoulder and brought it whistling down across the fingers just below the first joint on the index finger.
Wendell was appalled how much it hurt. The pain seemed instantaneous and he had just got his hand back to the required level when the second stroke hit just where the fingers join the palm. He did not need to be told that the wardress was out to impress.
Strokes three to five landed across the plump palm area, the last taking in the thumb root.
His whole hand was now an excruciating pad of pain as he followed instructions and placed it behind his back and offered the left one for punishment. The two visitors stood just feet away to his front. Both were still flushed with excitement and watching every whistling descent of the cane.
Perhaps it was because he was right handed and therefore the skin on that hand a little more hardened, or perhaps it was because the wardress was laying on even harder that the left fingers, but the left palm felt even more painful as the strokes fell. By the time the last one had landed the tears were running down his face much to the visitors amusement.
But at last it was over... or so he thought.
The unsmiling young wardress replaced the cane and came back to his part of the room clutching an old fashioned wooden school ruler. Not one of the modern plastic jobs, this had been kept as some sort of memento and Wendell wondered what for. He was soon to find out.
�Now Ma&#8217;am, � the wardress went on �as you well know the school mistress of old also had an alternative to the cane. Cheeky young males could also expect to have their knuckles rapped and I hope that you don&#8217;t mind, but I found this ruler in a junk shop the other day and thought that I would include that discipline with my hand punishment routine. It wasn&#8217;t a punishment that any of them looked forward to but I sure that its use was beneficial to improving overall school behaviour.�
Mrs Rathbone was impressed. She inclined her head to indicate her acceptance of the wardresses views, her purchase of the implement and its intended use on the boy.
The wardress again now stood to his right. Ordered him to extend his hand palm down, adjusted the height by tapping it with the heavy wooden ruler and then brought it down in a sharp flick to crack flat across his knuckles.
It took a few seconds for the pain to hit his brain, during which time he had noticed the ink stains and scribbled name of its one time owner on the ruler. He thought that no pain could exceed that of the cane across his fingers...but he was wrong. It was a duller more sickening pain but to a new height of intensity. Without thinking he snatched his hand away and rubbed the knuckles violently with his other hand.
�Well boy,� his tormentor remarked �that disobedience was very silly. I appreciate that this must hurt and I was going to go easy on you, but now you will have to take...without movement...that stroke repeated to your right knuckles and then two to your left hand knuckles.�
It took only a couple of minutes to hit him with the wretched ruler the three times she had promised. Each time the load crack signalled the numbing pain that he had to fight against to remain in position. He certainly felt for the previous generations of males who were obliged to stand and take such knuckle aching cracks from a stiff and starchy school mistress, probably in front of several other boys and girls who must have flinched each time they heard the noise in case they might be next.
Naturally, neither Mrs Ratcliffe nor the girls had any such worries and were free to appreciate the effect it had had on their victim. He had been looking round at all of them with concern, but now he had the look of a man terrified about what may come next. His visit to the centre was certainly having the results that his owner had hoped for as he was already planning to avoid another visit in any way he could.
He had no need to worry about any further pain or indignities that day. Mrs Rathbone departed having made approving comments as to the abilities of the wardress and the latter was soon escorting him back to the waiting room and the discomfort seats.
He had to wait for around thirty minutes, during which he found himself fidgeting to ease the discomfort from the seat and being given disapproving glances by the lady officer in charge. He was then given the envelope containing his report card and told to dress and leave, which he did with some difficulty as his hands were still throbbing and all too sensitive to him touching anything. He departed for his owner&#8217;s house as rapidly as he could.

And now here he was, days later, in front of another group of ladies who were fascinated to hear of his punishments in the local. Naturally they insisted on closely examining his hands and found the bruising they expected, particularly to the backs. Amanda explained that the night he returned was when he was scheduled to carry out her intimate laundry and she laughed saying how he found the very hot water that she requires her panties and things to be washed in to be even more uncomfortable than usual. Naturally, her sympathy extended to the next day when she had him pruning a thick hedge with a small pair of secateurs that he seemed to find difficult, especially as he wasn&#8217;t allowed to wear protective gloves. She had to hand it to the staff at the local, they certainly changed attitudes as until today, Wendell had been as good as gold. He would have to be brought down a peg or two in front of the ladies, but first Lang had to be punished for her carelessness earlier.
Once more she found herself at the present in front of the comfortably seated guests. Sophie explained how she tried to prevent Lang believing that she was in some way special by dressing her in cast off&#8217;s from the charity shops. Her panties were the exception as she was made to wear Sophie&#8217;s from the previous day. I think we will start by having her strip to her underwear so that you can see what I mean.
This she did, and Lang was soon standing in front of them, back at the present, dressed only in her ill fitting dingy bra and small white panties. To be forced to display herself in front of people who knew her was almost unbearable, yet it had to be endured as she knew only too well. Having heard the story about the �local� she had no enthusiasm to do anything that would enable Miss Sophie to book her in to their safe keeping.
Miss Sophie came straight to the point. Lang had been clumsy and any form of clumsiness by a servant had to be punished. She would normally have waited for her husband to return but decided that it would be better if she allowed the guests to decide how she should be disciplined.
But how would that be?
To be continued.
.









 












 

 









Chapter 62


Lang hoped in a futile way that the ground, or at least the carpet would swallow her up and she would be free of this humiliation. She was now at the absolute mercy of not just her ex-husband&#8217;s new wife but a whole group of females who seemed to revel in the power their relative position gave them. It had been decided that she would be punished and now she had to wait for them to decide what form that would take.


Mrs Maxton was the first to comment on her thick underarm hair and the way her equally dense pubic hair protruded from her panties. She presumed that it was yet another indication of what a slut Lang was when left to her own devices and how they would have to try to make her aware of the need for personal cleanliness at all times.

�I mean, its fine for her to be allowed to wear your used panties Sophie, but you will need to have them thoroughly washed and scraped free of her rank hairs when she takes them off and, by the way, would it not be better for us to decide her punishment in private then call her back to announce it�... she added.

This was immediately agreed by the others and Lang was duly ordered to leave them whilst her fate was decided. 

Once again it was Mrs Maxton who led the deliberations using words such as �taking her down a peg or two�, �something that she will really feel� and � this is not a time for leniency�. Sophie called her golfing husband on his mobile so that he could give his views which, as she expected, added to the severity of the sentence.

It was decided and agreed unanimously. Sophie called her back and ordered her to the present in front of the group to hear what form the punishment would take. She then acted as the judge and spoke:

�Well Lang, we have considered your offence and what the suitable punishment should be. Much as we would like to be lenient, we feel that such is your attitude that any such kindness would be taken by you as a licence to commit further slovenly and careless acts. You will therefore receive 15 stroke of the cane across your naked buttocks. As your owner I will lay them on and you will remain in position accepting my discipline. Have you anything to say girl?�

Lang said nothing but simply nodded her acknowledgement of what was to come. She knew that remaining in position would be her major problem and looked back to what now seemed the luxury of being strapped to various punishment devices that eliminated the incredible need for self control to remain in position when the pain commenced. She would be thrashed simply for the enjoyment of these women...and she would just have to take it.

The position Sophie chose was the worst possible. Having totally stripped, Lang was told to take up the schoolboy position, bending over to grasp her ankles in the centre of the room. There would be no comforting chair to cling to or any other form of support. To add to the difficulty she was then ordered to spread her feet wide so that her crotch was fully displayed and her buttocks spread as wide as possible and presenting the largest possible target. Her large breasts hung down either side of her face as she stared at the seated females from between her shamefully parted thighs.

It was Sophie&#8217;s first experience of laying on a cane and it showed. There was none of the precision that Lang had experienced from the wardresses who had previously caned her, nor were the strokes quite so bitingly harsh...but they were bad enough. They fell all over the area rather than in neat lines and much of her right flank took the worst of the welts. Even though the target area was large, there were several overlays as the strokes fell every few seconds.

It hurt. It hurt like hell, but as, in her inexperience Sophie laid the strokes on quickly the actual peak in the pain occurred some seconds after the final stroke had fallen and she had been ordered back to the present. She stood in front of them, red faced and with tears running down her cheeks.

Sophie announced that she was to remain at the present until told otherwise as they watched her contorted face try to deal with the surges of pain from her beaten buttocks. The relief that could have been gained from rubbing the large mounds had been denied to her as had the privacy of being alone. Fully exposed she would have to watch them enjoying her agonies until they became bored and found another area of amusement. She had to hope that it would not include her.

Later, when wine had flowed, Mrs Maxton related an incredible story about two friends of hers:&nbsp; The wife was the daughter of an extremely successful businessman who had been in at the start of the micro-chip revolution. This had given the family everything from houses around the world, executive jets and a fantastic life style.

This had, unfortunately, resulted in the woman, Jayne Hough turning into what could only be described as a total bitch. She was now in her early thirties and shortly after she married a decent but somewhat downtrodden male by the name of James who was five years older than herself, her father had died, leaving the entire business and associated fortune to her.

Outwardly charming to her employees and all who met her she decided that she was less than enamoured by her new husband, but that she would be prepared to continue with the marriage but on somewhat different terms than he had originally envisaged. To emphasise his new status she even called him into her huge new office, had him stand facing her desk whilst she lounged in her chair outlining how things would be from then on. James could keep the benefits of being married to her such as the designer clothes, Ferrari cars and world travel...but at a price: She would no longer be available to him for his sexual needs but he would have to continue to satisfy any such needs that she had. He would be totally subservient to her in private whilst appearing a devoted husband in public.

In brief, he would be her servant and a means of relieving any frustrations she felt with life. Frustrations that her position in society would prevent her taking out on a third party.

Faced with the loss of all the luxuries that had become so important to him he agreed. Had he thought back to the many hints that he had received during the short marriage, he would have realised that that Jayne had a strange twisted personality that preferred domination and causing hurt rather than the normal sentiments of a young wife. When dismissed from her presence, he went back to his own spacious office and so-called executive position, little realising how his life would now change.

He arrived home in his Ferrari to find Jayne had already arrived in the company Rolls having decided that henceforth they would travel separately. Their housekeeper and cook was a Mrs Brady, a pleasant enough Irish lady in her forties. She was short and a little plump with a round smiling face and greying hair done in a firm bun at the back. Having prepared the evening meal she retired, as usual, to the servants&#8217; quarters and left them to eat...in total silence.

Jayne had spent some time on deciding how she should discipline her husband and researching the net. One site in particular took her eye:


How To Give your Husband a Punishment Spanking
(submitted by: Mistress Katellyn
(written by: Slave John)
Instructions on how to properly spank your husband...



First and foremost, these are not playful. They are designed to hurt and hurt good, both at the time he gets them and for several days afterward. He is to dread them. That is the only way to change his behavior. They are also in no way sexual. I attend to his backside during a Punishment Spanking (PS), not his front side. That being said, follow these procedures and they will work for you.

I have divided PS into several categories listed below. Study both the actual meaning and the intent.



Rules 
Accountability with certainty 
Ritual 
Position 
Implements 
Duration 
Observation 
Miscellaneous 


Rules

PS's are not randomly applied. He needs to know the rules and know he will be punished when they are broken. These are serious offences. Here are my current rules:



Breaking the household budget 
Accounting errors made with our finances: checking balances, credit card payments, other household payments, etc. 
Ignoring or forgetting household chores 
Swearing or using foul language 
Failure to call when he will be late (Should I ever have to worry if he's been in an accident?) 
Lying 
Cheating 
Stealing 
Completely disregarding a request I have made 
Doing/seeing naughty things: i.e. going to gentleman's clubs, pornography, viewing my lingerie catalogs without permission, etc. 
Any unauthorized masturbation 


These are worthy of PS's. Does that mean that I don't put him over my knee for a good hairbrush attitude adjustment? Of course not. But attitude adjustments are not PS's. They are not as serious and can be dealt with accordingly and with much more spontaneity. For example, if he's ogling some young thing at the mall, a quick swat on the seat of his pants will wake him up immediately.


Accountability with Certainty

I never let any breaking of the rules slide by. He knows with 100% certainty that if a rule is broken he will be having a PS. It is that simple.


Ritual

Over time I have established exactly what will happen. The only variable is timing and that is totally up to me. There are times when I've received a bank statement in the mail that needs correction and I've called him home for lunch and given him a PS and then sent him back to work. Sometimes I wait until he gets home. Sometimes I send him off to work in the morning after a good PS. Timing is up to me, but I always try and keep it fairly close to the infraction. Here are the elements of the Ritual I have established:




My dress: When I tell him it's time, I have full makeup on and I am fully dressed. No bra and panties or lingerie like I wear for some playful spankings. I may be in jeans and a T-shirt or a dress, but nothing revealing. Again, I am separating sex and punishment. 
His dress: When I tell him it is time, he must go immediately to the bedroom, undress completely and put on his special punishment panties. These are worn only for PS's. They are completely sheer and allow me to see everything. These add greatly to his humiliation and I want him to be humiliated at the thought of being punished by his wife, a woman, for breaking a rule. 
First Corner Time: Again, without being told, once he is in his punishment panties he is go to our designated punishment corner. He knows to put his nose all the way in, keep his hands to his sides and refrain from even the slightest fidgeting regardless of how nervous he is. In our home, the punishment corner is in the living room. 
Last Corner Time: when I announce the PS is over, without being told, he is to get back into the corner as before while leaving his punishment panties where I left them. He is to remain there until I call him out. Under no circumstances is he to rub or touch his bottom. 


Positions

I never deliver a PS over the knee. I want the intimacy to be between his bare bottom and the instrument. I never, ever tie him down in position. It is his responsibility to maintain the position until I release him. Failure to do so results in extras. Because of the way I deliver PS's, I usually only use one position per PS, unless extras are required and then the extras may be in another position. Once he is in position I lower or remove his punishment panties. Here are the positions:




Standing with hands on head: feet must remain in place throughout with the heels 
down; hands must remain on head. 
Standing bent over with hands locked behind his knees: feet stay down, hands stay locked 
Lying on back with knees to chest, arms behind knees holding legs in position: he may not let go of his hands and cannot roll over 
Lying on stomach with pillows underneath pushing his bottom high and palms and nose on the bed: no rolling; palms and nose must stay on bed 
Bent over the sofa or spanking bench: heels stay down and hands stay in appropriate position 
Hands on mantel with arms extended fully, feet spread wide: heels and hands must remain in position 
Kneeling on the seat of a chair facing the back with arms hugging the chair back: chest must stay against the chair back at all times 
Standing with feet as wide as possible, palms on floor, straight legs: all 4's must remain on floor with no knee bend 
On all 4's, head up, back arched, bottom high, ankles crossed over one another. 


Implements

As a PS technique, unlike other types of spankings, I rely totally on rapid-fire strokes without warm up that sting as opposed to bruise. I favor a lot of stinging strokes as opposed to a few extra-hard for several reasons. One, I don't want him to be able to mentally "recover" from a swat and get ready for the next. Two, my target is from mid-bottom cheek to mid-thigh and wooden, plastic or other hard implements do not allow safe application in this complete target area.

Consequently, I use the cane and leather tawse exclusively. Because of its ability to deliver 30 or so "pops" within, say, a 20 second timeframe, I use the cane for the PS. Sharp flicks of the wrist combined with the "whippy" nature of the cane are most effective at rapid-fire delivery. A one-minute caning, believe me, is a very effective PS! You can get it done and send him back to work in the one-hour lunch break. I use both striping as well as criss-cross patterns. I use the tawse exclusively for "extras". The tawse has a different feel and will evoke quite a satisfactory reaction even on a well-caned bottom. Again, I do not count. He knows that when he feels the tawse it is because he has not accepted his punishment well and that the swats he has earned are directly for those infractions. Using just these two implements allows him to differentiate between the initial infraction and his ability to receive punishment effectively.


Duration

It's over when I say so, period. I never, ever announce the number of swats or have him count. I deliver rapid-fire, nonstop pops to his bare bottom until I feel the lesson has been learned. If I have him count or announce a number, he can anticipate when the PS will stop. I do not want that to happen. I quickly build the sting; keep it going and am relentless in not stopping too soon. It also makes it difficult for him to hold position and I want that to be difficult for him. Remember, even two minutes of hard, swift pops does the trick. A PS that lasts, except for extras, 3-4 minutes is absolutely the maximum if you are doing it properly. Almost no one can stand if for that period of time. Also, there is never any warm-up. I get right at it.


Observation

I carefully observe the most sensitive areas and return to them often. I also never, ever break the skin, but there are always marks that will last several days. I don't consider the PS completely over until all the marks are gone. I must, therefore, stay really focused throughout making certain the entire target area is covered and that he stays in position until I am finished. If marks don't appear, we keep going. If he breaks position, we keep going.


Miscellaneous

&#8226;&nbsp; He must always hand-wash his punishment panties when I release him from the corner so that they are ready for the next PS. He is to do this without being told. 
&#8226;&nbsp; Crying out: I expect it. If I'm doing my job, he will cry out. I never gag him. But there are exceptions: he cannot curse or use a 4-letter word, he cannot ask for mercy or beg me to ease up, he cannot ask a witness to leave. "I'm sorry" in a non-pleading voice is acceptable as well as "Oh!" and "Oh my!" and the typical "Ouch!" I also do not mind if he cries out "That hurts," because it is supposed to hurt. 
&#8226;&nbsp; I always lock him up in a chastity device before a PS. I do not want to deal with the occasional erection and I do not want him thinking about sex. The tube stays locked on until the marks are gone, without fail. No exceptions. 
&#8226;&nbsp; I expect bottom clenching and unclenching both during the PS and in the post-PS corner time. It is a natural reaction along with minimal bottom wiggling as long as the rest of the position is maintained. A "dancing bottom" is almost uncontrollable, is cute and I use it to add humiliation by saying things like: "That's it, dance for the cane - wiggle your naughty bottom while I play a little tune on it. 
&#8226;&nbsp; Anger: it has no place. I choose the timing so Jam careful not to be angry when I dole out a PS. 
&#8226;&nbsp; Tears: these can happen, but I never stop a PS because of them nor do I continue to gain them. They are a nice touch, however. 
&#8226;&nbsp; I expect contrition. At some point before he gets dressed, I expect to hear a sincere apology. I don't hug him afterward, but prefer to leave him to his own thoughts. 
I hope you find this information helpful. It has taken me years through trial-and-error to arrive at these procedures. The results speak for themselves. In the beginning my husband averaged a PS once every 7-10 days. He currently receives one about once every 3-6 weeks. Stick with your plan and you will get, eventually, a good little man.
This posting, and many others that she found helped her decide on a regime that would not only result in a fully trained and subservient husband but also give her a large degree of satisfaction. She accepted that rituals such as making him wear a special pair of punishment panties would humiliate him into submission but had already decided that his penis was not to be available to either of them and would require some form of restraint at all times and not just when under a punishment sentence.

Following the meal, during which even James deduced that things were about to change for him, his wife called him through to her study and soon had him standing in front of her desk for the second time that day.

�I have already outlined how things will be from now on James but there are several somewhat personal areas that I have yet to cover. Firstly, any time we are alone you will only address me as �Madam�. Secondly you will, in situations like this, stand to attention in front of me when I am talking. I intend to introduce a strict regime for you that will result in you becoming fully attuned to what I require in all aspects of our life together. I realise that even though you have agreed to go along with my ideas you may yet find a reason to disagree and to try to go back on this agreement. I should tell you that your rather foolish removal of company funds into what you thought was a secret account has not only been reported to me but has also been written up into a document that would earn you at least five years in jail should it ever be released to the police. From now on James, when I say jump your only response should be to ask me how high...and don&#8217;t forget to add the word �Madam�!

�What is more James, I am more than aware of your disgusting behaviour with one of the young secretaries during the night you spent at the recent conference. I am more than prepared to use that alone to divorce you but, provided you toe the line...my line...from now on you will remain married to me.�

James shoulders visibly slumped at this information. He was obviously shaken to the core but still tried to offer whimpering reasons and excuses, all of which were laughingly dismissed by his wife. He thought back to when they had made such an impressive couple to all their friends: She 5&#8217;10&#8217;&#8217; tall slim with long blonde hair great looks and great figure. Him, slightly shorter but with a good athletic build, short cropped dark hair and good looking in a manly way. He realised that the only way he could hang on to both his freedom and lifestyle was to go along with whatever she wanted.

She continued: �In case you wonder about Mrs Brady finding out about this new arrangement, just remember that she really values working for me and is well paid, very well paid for her discretion. She has been fully briefed and as she went through a very nasty divorce from a violent husband only recently, I think you will find her very much on my side, should you try to garner sympathy from her. She has been told to address you as �James� from now on rather than �Mr Hough� as before. She has also been told to expect some fitters from a company that I have been in contact with who will be arriving tomorrow to make certain alterations to one of the empty rooms in the basement. It will normally remain locked and you will find out why in due course.�

�As to sleeping arrangements, your clothes and personal items have been moved to one of the guest suites. In there is a communication system that I can use to summon you to what is now my bedroom anytime I so wish. As to what we might call personal functions, I will no longer tolerate seeing or touching that ridiculous appendage that you seem so proud of let alone allowing it to penetrate me. You will however carry out such sexual services that I do require and you will do so without hesitation or question. In a few minutes a lady that has been invited here by me will join you in your room and fit a device that will prevent any further displays of lust by you. You will treat her with respect and do exactly as she says. Now go to your room, it is the small one with a single bed just down the corridor from mine.�

With a sinking heart James did as he had been told. As the door bell rang and Jayne answered it there was a short rather over made up woman in nurses uniform waiting that Jayne welcomed into the house. She had met her when Jayne visited the local punishment centre when she was investigating the plans she had for her husband and she had been most helpful when Jayne needed to know about chastity devices. She had offered to fit one on a home visit and Jayne had jumped at the chance of avoiding any contact with her husband&#8217;s genitalia. She showed her the types available, the ones that punished any attempt to erect and the ones that fitted comfortably but prevented anything other than simple urination. The one that Jayne had chosen was clear plastic and recommended by the lady as one that would cause instant discomfort leading to actual pain if the subject allowed himself to erect. Having heard that he was of a larger size she had also selected one a little too tight to ensure that it did its job thoroughly.

She was taken to his room where he stood in nervous anticipation. When Jayne had left, the nurse looked at him with utter contempt as she slipped her raincoat off and left it still dripping on his bed. She then told him to get himself naked... immediately, as she donned her latex gloves.

He removed his clothes leaving them on the bed and soon stood nervously in front of her.
Unfortunately for him his penis immediately started to erect...even before Nurse Peel, as she had announced herself had unpacked the large briefcase that she carried. Looking around the room she picked up a straight backed chair, placed it in the centre of the bedroom and sat in it with the opened brief case on a small adjacent table. She then casually pulled up her tight skirt to expose her heavy stocking clad legs and motioned him to come to her. She then ordered him to place his bare legs either side of her knees and his hands on her shoulders so that his genitalia were over her lap.

Grasping his now fully erect organ in her right hand she spoke:

�Make the best of this display James as I am here to prevent and further erection until such times as your wife decides you should have one. This chastity device has two purposes: The first is to deny you or anyone else any access to your penis for any personal pleasure. The second is to prevent any erections by making the internal area too small for an erect penis and,&nbsp; listen carefully to this...cause you some pain should you decide to ignore that fact and allow your penis to swell, It is lined with plastic tips around the glans that will really hurt should you erect in the least. I have found that, properly and tightly fitted, males who are forced to wear this lose the ability to erect after many months of wearing it. They become so frightened by the pain of the erection that they are unable to erect even when it is removed.�

�Now let&#8217;s fit the retaining device that encircles your penis and scrotum.�

This plastic collar came in two half semi-circles and it was with some effort that the nurse made the two halves engage around the root of the penis and rear of the scrotum. It pushing the two halves together she trapped several of his pubic hairs but made no attempt to release them or apologise.

�We now have the problem of how to get rid of that disgusting erection before we can fit the penile tube. I am not a heartless woman, so I will give you a few minutes to think it away, but I warn you, if you cannot do it by thought, my methods will be somewhat unpleasant.�

James could not believe that she was serious about him losing his stiffy just by thought. He stood, legs wide looking down at the nurses ample chest whilst he gripped her by the shoulders. She retained a firm grip of his penis and even moved her hand slightly along its shaft. He desperately tried to think of non-sexual things but knew that there was no chance that he would soften in the slightest.

Which is precisely what Nurse Peel expected and had, indeed, planned for. 

�Right then young man...if you insist on disobeying me...we will have to do this the hard way.�

She reached into her case and removed a tube of some sort of cream which she rubbed vigorously all over his exposed glans and shaft. It took only seconds before the burning started and instinctively he let go of her shoulders to try to stop her hands rubbing even more of the cream into the stinging skin. She stopped, looked up at him with a threatening expression and ordered him to grip her shoulders...NOW! 

He had no idea of how much power this woman wielded, but obeyed out of instinct. Certainly the cream had worked and she was able to clamp the device on the now deflated penis and closed the lock in place.

As he backed away clutching his device, she stood up and turning towards the door calling his wife to tell her that he was ready. Muttering to him over her shoulder she said:&nbsp; �You will pay for that insolence and trying to assault me boy!�

When his wife entered the room James stood clutching his covered penis with an expression of pain on his face. Jayne casually asked the Nurse if she had had any problems in dealing with him.

�I most certainly have Mrs Hough and I can see only too well why you have decided to place him in a restrainer. He seems a little too proud of that organ of his and as to his general attitude...I fear you have an uphill task ahead in breaking his appalling lack of respect to us ladies. Had he been in one of the Correctional Centres his grabbing my hand when I was trying to fit the restrainer would have meant him being placed on report and almost certainly receiving a severe punishment with the cane for assaulting an officer.�

Jayne was mortified and struggled to offer an apology in asking the Nurse if she thought a punishment should be awarded right now so that James might appreciate the seriousness of his offence.

Nurse Peel realised that Mrs Hough&#8217;s delivery of equipment had not yet arrived and suggested that a good old fashioned beating might suffice. When a lady was reduced to a level of rage by a male she always felt that a timed beating was the most appropriate way of working off her temper and ensuring that the male would learn from his error. A brief search revealed one of Mrs Hough&#8217;s hairbrushes...an old fashioned wooden one with a heavy oval back...that the Nurse, having slapped her palm a few times with it, declared ideal.

But first, as she explained, she needed to do a couple of functional tests on the new device.
James was sent to find a plastic bucket and when he returned was told that he would need to urinate into it in the presence of Nurse Peel and his wife to ensure that his restrainer was correctly fitted. He was clearly shaken by this order and it was only the Nurse pointing out that he was in enough trouble already without making things worse that had him holding the receptable in one hand and pointing his plastic ensnared penis into it with the other. It took almost a minute to overcome his inhibitions and achieve a healthy flow through the end of the device, but once he had managed that the Nurse ordered him to stop leaving him in a state of some discomfort as he tried to hold back the stream.

Having placed the bucket to one side there next came the other test. The Nurse explained to Jayne that she would induce an erection to check that the swelling would indeed by painful and that the device would contain and restrict any enlargement. She sat in a hard chair and unbuttoned the front of her uniform to expose her white bra that covered her not inconsiderable breasts. Next she had James sit astride he lap and facing her. She then ordered him to place a hand on either breast and squeeze them. He initially appeared inhibited and reluctant but soon started to massage the firm breasts with enthusiasm...enthusiasm that started to change to an expression of concern as the device started to do its job... then an expression of outright pain. The Nurse undid the front of her bra to let the breasts become fully available to his hands. It was obvious to Jayne that his pain was steadily increasing but his primitive urges were preventing him from releasing the object of his distress.

The Nurse suddenly pushed him to his feet where he stood almost doubled up clutching his trapped penis, unable to either lose the erection or release it from the cruel constriction. It took some minutes before he was able to stand erect without pain by which time the Nurse was decently dressed and satisfied that his device was functioning correctly.&nbsp; 

Mrs Hough then had James stand in front of them.

�I cannot believe that even you would treat a lady guest of this house in such an insolent manner James. I had intended to start your training when all my equipment had arrived but your behaviour has forced my hand. Nurse has offered to beat you and I think two minutes with the hairbrush on your buttocks will suffice. Naturally, as your wife, I will then give you another two minutes to really make you aware of how things will be from now on. Nurse, would you please start.�&nbsp; She picked up her husband&#8217;s Rolex from the bedside table, �I will time you with James&#8217; wrist watch which, conveniently, has a second hand.�


James was now clearly still in discomfort from his overtight restrainer and the cream that had been applied earlier to his penis. He followed the nurse&#8217;s orders and knelt by the side of the bed from which she had just removed her raincoat and lay face down.&nbsp; Explaining that he had better be held in that position Nurse Peel climbed up onto the bed and sat astride the small of his back facing the target area. This caused her uniform skirt to ride up almost to her waist displaying the stocking tops and panties with the crotch pressed firmly against his lower spine...but well out of James&#8217; line of sight. He was surprised as to how heavy she felt and how difficult it would be to escape.

She rolled up her sleeves, grasped the hairbrush and looked towards Mrs Hough who held the Rolex in her hand. Jayne counted down from five and finished with the words:

�Commence beating.�

There were at this point several options open to Nurse Peel: Should she deliver all the strokes alternately or to just one buttock? Should she concentrate on a specific spot on the buttock or spread the impacts? Should she deliver a rapid rate or slower but with more force?

James soon realised that just his right buttock was the target and a very rapid delivery would be employed. Mercifully, even though he was in no position to appreciate the kindness, the brush was brought down all over the entire area.

The intense burning sensation took his breath away. By the time Jayne had called stop at the end of the rather generous minute almost a hundred slaps had been given and his entire buttock felt as if boiling water had been poured over it.

He was allowed four minutes for the pain to peak and start to subside then the second buttock was beaten.

In the same determined way.

Jayne found herself becoming more excited than she thought possible. She could hardly wait to mount James but took the Nurses advice and waited another four minutes. Then it was her turn.

She sat down hard on his back having pulled her skirt high to keep it out of the way. She leant forward to run her hands over the vivid crimson buttocks feeling the heat rising from them. Picking up the implement she waited for the order to commence...and then let fly as fast and hard as she could. Long before the first long minute was up she could feel the muscles in her husband&#8217;s back flexing and arching as the pain got worse and almost giving her thighs a massage. When she stopped she ran her nails over the right buttock and felt James whimper and squirm his back in an effort to make her feel sympathy. 

Which she most certainly did not.

The final minute came and went (actually it was almost 15 seconds more that the supposed time). She climbed off him, embarrassingly noting a sticky damp patch where her crotch panties had been in contact with his spine.

The nurse ordered him unsteadily to his feet and made him stand in the corner whilst his bottom was visually inspected.

� A pretty nominal punishment for someone of his size Mrs Hough...but perhaps a little foretaste of what will be in store for him when you are fully up to speed.�

She soon packed her equipment and Jayne showed her to the door then returned to James bedroom.

�Just to check that you have accepted that particular lesson James, you can now display your respect for me: I will now lay on the bed and you will lick my feet with your tongue until I tell you that you may stop.�

James had half expected that he would be required to show respect to another area as this was a favourite service that his wife enjoyed. He was somewhat relieved that, given his lack of interest in feet this wouldn&#8217;t be causing him pain with a partial erection. Although things did get a little tight and uncomfortable in that area as he had to watch his wife remove her stockings as she sat on the end of the bed. She was soon laying face down with her feet hanging over the bottom of the bed and James kneeling submissively&nbsp; and assiduously licking the somewhat sweaty soles and between her delicate toes.

This totally licking took some ten minutes before Jayne felt satisfied. She toyed with the idea of having his sore tongue pay homage to some more interesting areas...but then decided that could come later in the week when she had all the equipment needed to ensure his total obedience. Right now she ordered him to bed where she knew he would sleep restlessly with his sore penis and throbbing backside.

She was busy at her desk the next day when she took what she later thought to be one of the more interesting &#8216;phone calls she had ever received. A representative from the firm that was installing the equipment in what she would later call her training and discipline room called and asked if she was free to speak.

The young girl explained that as part of the package for clients that were prepared to pay for the best, they offered a home visit by one of their Consultants who would be able to show her the various punishment implements they had for sale. They would also advise her on their use. They could also offer her a full training session with male and female training aid on which she could practice and so fully appreciate the relative benefits of each implement. The girl then went on to explain the advantages of prior practice so that she, in a manner of speaking, hit the ground running with her husband.

The cost was well within her generous budget and Jayne readily accepted with an appointment being arranged for the Saturday afternoon, when she would have the house to herself.

At precisely two pm a knock came at the door. Mrs Brady had the day off and James had been allowed to play golf so it was Jayne who answered the door. Waiting was a well dressed lady in a business suit. A little heavy around the breasts and thighs, short bobbed hair and a cheeky looking face. She greeted Jayne with a broad smile and introduced herself as Karen Toomer from the firm Tools for Discipline. She waved towards a large black van that stood in the drive and asked if it would be convenient to start unloading her samples. When Jayne agree she went over to the back of the van, unlocked the doors and out stepped a male and a female in their twenties dressed in what looked like sports gear.

They hurriedly started to carry various cases and boxes into the house passing Jayne with a differential downward lowering of the eyes. She showed them into the recently equipped training and discipline room where they carefully placed their boxes on a table. They were then joined by Miss Toomer who whispered a curt order to stand at attention as she walked by them. 

Which they did.

She explained that the boxes and cases contained her demonstration implements and that when Jayne placed an order, a brand new and sealed item would be brought from the van. When Miss Toomer noticed Jayne staring quizzically at the two persons in sports kit she spoke:

�Ah yes, sorry, but I take the presence of these two demonstration subjects for granted I&#8217;m afraid. I have no idea of what their names are as we get a different pair every day. That way they get a couple of days rest before they are on the road again.&nbsp; As it happens you are the third customer we have visited today so they are feeling rather sorry for themselves and no doubt hoping that you won&#8217;t be needing to try my implements out on them. In fairness the last couple, a man and his wife were most particular in trying everything really thoroughly before they bought and I&#8217;m delighted to say, they bought a lot of my implements and devices to use on their new female prisoner-servant. So from where I stand a few bruises here and there are not really my concern as long as I keep my sales figures up.�

The male, a well built tall man with short dark hair kept his eyes downcast as did the female, a tall blonde with a good figure and long fair hair in a pony tail.

Jayne could not believe that she would have these two people to try any item she liked on but soon found herself, at Miss Toomer&#8217;s suggestion, casually inspecting them. The female wore a short skirt and standing behind Jayne could see parallel lines across the backs of her thighs that gave some indication of what she had been used for. When ordered to stand legs apart she could see that those lines were also on her soft inner thighs. When she ran her finger nails up and down them the girl flinched as an indication that the area was still tender.

The male displayed no such signs and when Jayne asked what he wore under his shorts she was invited to find out for herself. Apprehensively she cupped her right hand where his genitals were and soon found that he wore nothing. She felt the signs of an erection almost immediately and complained to Miss Toomer.

May I suggest Mrs Hough that to carry out a real inspection you need to have the servants in a better position, let me show you: Both of the subjects were ordered to the present position.

Jayne cupping the males genitals immediately appreciated how much more exposed he now was. She was surprised that she found handling him so exciting as she was generally repulsed by her husband&#8217;s nakedness. But this was different. Here she could squeeze and pull without any restraint knowing that he would have to accept without complaint. She was just wondering what to do next when Miss Toomer suggested that he be told to strip so that she could really see what he had to offer.&nbsp; He quickly removed his shorts and t shirt and went back to the present.

Jayne circled him. He had certainly been used to demonstrate some implements that day, His firm muscular buttocks were heavily bruised and bore the weal lines of the cane right down to the join between his legs and the buttocks. Starting to really enjoy her new found power she ordered him to bend and grasp his ankles. Then she slowly dragged her nails over the area hearing him gasp and feeling him flinch beneath her hands. His position exposed his anal cleft and she noted with some surprise how even that recessed area was bruised, especially around his puckered and exposed anus. She knew that her two questions: what caused the small pea sized bruises and how painful was it to be beaten there would be answered in due time.

The male found himself fuming with the cruel humiliation of having to be handled and ordered around by this woman that he had never met. No doubt she would be like the other two females that he had met earlier in the day in using him as they wished to try different paddles and canes on. Her hands moved down and cupped his hanging testicles as if to remind him of her authority to inflict pain. She slowly applied enough pressure to make him stiffen in anticipation.

�As this one appears as incapable of controlling his lust, can I assume that you will be offering some ideas or equipment that can be used in this somewhat tender area?�

Miss Toomer readily reassured her that they would be dealing with �that area� later in her sales pitch. She then invited her to inspect the female subject. With the male back at the upright present, but with his penis still sticking obscenely to the front, she moved and stood in front of the clearly nervous girl.

This would be a first for Jayne as she had yet to have sexual knowledge of someone of the same sex. She certainly had a healthy curiosity about some of her friend&#8217;s bodies, but had never taken things any further. In truth she had no idea of whether she would find any contact in any was exciting, but thought some form of examination would be worth experiencing. The girl&#8217;s views were of course totally immaterial. She would accept or do whatever Jayne wished...or suffer the consequences.

Jayne reached forward and corrected the girl&#8217;s position slightly by lifting her chin a shade and pushing her elbows further back. The latter left her covered breasts looking, and feeling, even more vulnerable. To emphasise this Jayne ran the back of her knuckles up and down over the nipple areas and soon had the nubs visible under the material to the evident shame of the girl in her eyes forward position.

�Do you keep them shaved?� Jayne enquired casually.

�As you will see in a moment Mrs Hough, in this case she is shaved apart from the crotch. We do keep some of them in the stable fully shaved even there. I can have her changed for one of those from the stable that is shaved if you prefer.�

Jayne declined the offer, stood back from the girl, and told her to remove her T shirt.

She then resumed the present and stood there displaying a supporting brassiere. Her breast were slightly above average in size with thin red lines visible across the upper surface. This time Jayne did ask what had caused them.

Miss Toomer explained that the husband of her previous customer had raised the subject of the punishment levels in female correctional centres. He had heard that breast punishments were the norm and felt that their new female prisoner/servant should not go unpunished should she commit what the prison system would determine to be a breast offence. Miss Toomer knew that strictly speaking such punishments were not approved for females in community service...but on the other hand...the approved breast canes were expensive and carried a high level of commission for her.&nbsp; She therefore agreed to show the couple the breast cane and allow them a few strokes in the hope that they would buy one for their servant. Naturally, the pain and humiliation that this would cause the female let alone their servant, was not of any concern to her.

She then snapped the order to remove the bra which the girls rapidly did. Her breasts were pointed with unusually large areola and long nipples. Both were red and swollen where at least one demonstration stroke had been laid across them and Jayne could see, by lifting both breasts by those nipples, during which the girl sobbed in pain, that the underside had also received strokes. She was curious as to how uncomfortable the girl had found the caning in that area.

�How painful was this application girl?� she enquired.


�Please Ma&#8217;am it hurt a lot. My breasts are always sensitive and I am due to start soon so that made them more so. I had difficulty in remaining presented for the strokes and it took the Gentleman several attempts to land a stroke exactly across the tips.�

Jayne grasped both breasts tightly in her hands and watches as the girl visibly flinched. �Still sensitive are they? You will have to hope that I don&#8217;t want to test the breast cane myself won&#8217;t you girl?�

With her lips tightly clenched the girl nodded her agreement.

�Get those shorts off� came her next order from Miss Toomer.

Now she stood with just a small pair of white panties. Jayne, standing behind, snatched them down to her thighs until, with the thighs parted, they could not be lowered further. Her buttocks and the backs of her thighs were even more bruised and marked than the males. When she bent to grasp her ankles the small pea shaped bruises were visible inside her inner cleft as well. There were several areas where it seemed that small clumps of dark pubic hair had been pulled out by the roots that also intrigued Jayne. But from the way Miss Toomer was laying out her wares on a table, the time had come to try some samples.

The first one on offer was a small leather paddle that was described as being ideal when smacking buttocks to prevent any discomfort to the spankers hand. Jayne tried this for three slaps across the bent girls left buttock cheek...with some force...just to let her know that there would be no leniency to be expected from her.

They progressed through a range of paddles made from various materials with the female and the male being used alternately by being made to bend over a heavy stool.&nbsp; Jayne restricted herself to just three whacks with each implement, however, the very number to be tried out soon resulted in both pairs of buttocks becoming changed into a deep red colour and their owners looking increasingly distressed as their turn came around each time.

Having put Jayne&#8217;s selection into her lap top Miss Toomer moved on to the range of straps she had for sale. She explained how these ranged from a lightweight tawse for hand strappings to some real brutes that would not be unsuitable for the most severe punishments. She told Jayne that she would have to restrict her to just one trial stroke of each implement as there were many more items to try and the two subjects were already marked somewhat.

She did however make an exception for the hand tawse in suggesting three to each hand.
The advantage of this form of punishment was that the recipient was obliged to watch and could see the strap falling. Remaining with hand outstretched knowing the pain that was to come was an excellent discipline.

Jayne thought for a moment and then indicated the male to step forward. Then, watching the look of relief on the females face dissolve, ordered her to stand next to him facing each other. He was told to hold out his right hand and the female her left. Both hands were at right angles to Jayne.

She raised the strap over her shoulder and brought it down with a resounding crack across his palm. Then gave a similar stroke to the female. She waited for around a minute knowing that the pain would be increasing every second and making it increasingly difficult to keep the hand in the position that it would receive more pain.

Which they both did, having to watch the strap descend to their throbbing palms without daring to move their hands to safety.

The third stroke had the girl with visible tears forming. Jayne kept them there for a good two minutes with them both desperately hoping that their hand punishment was over but dreading that it wasn&#8217;t. As she turned away to place the strap in her wanted area, both victims visibly relaxed.

�You may well imagine,� spoke Miss Toomer, �The effect that say a dozen on each hand will have. I recommend it for any cases of clumsiness with their hands or when you want to sensitize the hands or fingers before giving them some task as intimate body washing. It will certainly make them gentle with their touch�.

There were six straps of various width, length and thickness and each of the two subjects had to take three of them across their already seared nates. It took a superhuman effort to remain in place as the customer and the sales lady discussed the relative punishing power and effects of each with the implement being laid on the buttocks prior to being raised for the stroke. The female was nearly at her limit by the time the final strap was brought lashing down and it left her sobbing with the pain and humiliation after it fell.

Again, Jayne made her selection and the sales pitch moved on to the collection of rods. These it was explained fell into two types, there were the old fashioned but still effective wooden type and the new acrylic versions. In view of the somewhat sensitive state of the demonstration backsides Miss Toomer said that they would better be secured over the new black leather horse and the girl was soon strapped down. She then solicitously enquired whether the room was soundproofed as the subjects may well give the odd yelp.


As she was bound to squeal a little a gag would be appropriate. She produced a leather wedge with straps that fastened behind the head forcing the soft leather into the mouth. 

Jayne elected to use the acrylics on the girl first making sure that each was swished several times and stroked across the waiting nates to ensure she was kept on edge.

The three stokes were delivered harshly and with little time between each. Jayne achieved less of a wrap round but the female was past caring and dribbling around the new leather tasting gag.



The male was next and Jayne, using the leather buckles soon had him immobile with his backside thrust up and legs indecently apart displaying his genitals. He was not allowed the comfort of a gag. It was her first experience with the traditional cane and she found herself enjoying the event with more pleasure than she would have originally thought possible. Inflicting pain on someone who had no ability to complain or resist was a most pleasurable feeling she thought.

Her male victim would not have agreed. It was true that he had become hardened whilst in the system, but he had never had such a hard day as this in being used over and over again to test these whip like implements. He braced himself against the leather as the first whippy cane slashed down. There was then a long pause as Jayne flexed and swished the next heavier rod. This, when it hit him was a real bitch made worse by catching him on the sorest area at the top of his thighs. 

In comparison the third cane, described by Miss Toomer as a �Judicial Quality� was even worse. Even the inexperienced Mrs Hough had been heard to comment on its thickness and lack of flexibility with Miss Toomer stating that this was one for special thrashings where you really needed to get a message home. It was a �thudder� in style and left deep seated bruising.

It descended with a whooshing sound across the broadest part of the target. Jayne put all her force behind it then, after it landed, stood back as the male tried to get his breath back and bucked against his bonds. It raised a thick weal in seconds and from the gasps and grunts from the male...it was decidedly effective in inflicting pain.

The atmosphere in the room then relaxed somewhat, at least it did for the two ladies. Miss Toomer produced a selection of what she called �toys� and handed each to Jayne to peruse. There were two loops attached to handles, the first a loop of thin bamboo and the second of flexible, but shaped plastic. The came a series of clamps that would grip any part of the body but were intended for the more sensitive areas. Both subjects found themselves at the present with a different clamp on each of the four available nipples. 

Jayne&#8217;s earlier puzzlement about the cause of the small bruises in the anal clefts was resolved when Miss Toomer produced what she called an anal whip. A short wooden handle had a one foot length of leather cord a quarter of an inch in diameter at the end of which was a knot. 

�This really tests your aim,� she said smiling. It&#8217;s used on the anal cleft and you aim at the centre of the anus for maximum effect. As you could see from these two subjects the user often misses but when you are on target to results are most rewarding. Naturally, a miss is also, I understand, uncomfortable. Would you like to try it?�

Jayne soon had the girl bent over, legs wide and with her hands behind her pulling the bruised cheeks apart. She allowed herself five shots at the target a pink puckered rose bud that was visibly contracting and dilating in fear and anticipation. It was harder than it looked and three times the knot hit the soft tender inside of the cleft and the girl flinched with a short yelp of pain. The fourth time it hit dead centre and the girl yelped even louder releasing her cheeks in protection. Ordered by Miss Toomer to re-present she received the second dead on target. As she stood, with buttocks now clenched, the look on her face demonstrated the effectiveness of the anal whip on such a sensitive area.

Finally, in answer to Jaynes earlier question Miss Toomer showed her what looked like a fly swat but with a thin leather tab at the business end. The male subject looked somewhat concerned as she explained that it was ideal for laying across the scrotum. She ordered him to bend over with legs wide then showed Jayne how to squat behind him, raise the 4 inch square of leather...and bring it slapping down on the dangling bulbs. 

The reaction was immediate. He gasped and his whole body lurched...but remained in position. �If you want to give more than a couple of slaps I advise that you have him strapped down on the flogging bench so that you can really lay into his balls without giving him the opportunity of moving around. It won&#8217;t damage anything...but it certainly seems to hurt and frighten them.� She added with a grin.

In no time Mrs Hough had presented Miss Toomer with a substantial order that the two subjects were told to collect from the van once they had dressed themselves. Unfortunately the gag that the girls had used proved to be the only one. Rather than have Miss Toomer go to the trouble of sending another, Jayne happily accepted the still wet used one muttering that this wouldn&#8217;t be the only well used item that her husband would have to get used to.

Jayne was in no rush to start her husband&#8217;s new life and kept him waiting for several nervous days. During this time he had been denied access to the newly equipped room but guessed that it would be a place of some discomfort for him. Trying to forestall his first visit he tried to demonstrate his new found servility to his wife at every occasion in the desperate hope that he would be able to retain his life style without the need for any further punishment. Unfortunately the chances of his wife changing her plans were less than zero. Eventually the day came:

He was called into her office late Friday afternoon and told that he would be receiving his first training session that very night. There would be no conversation during their evening meal and after he had cleared away he was to go to his room, shower thoroughly and put on a pair of his wife&#8217;s knickers that she would leave on his bed. Then and wait&nbsp; until he hear a bell summoning&nbsp; him down to the basement.

His appetite had largely vanished by the time he joined his now silent and serious wife for their evening meal. He did as he had been ordered, anxious not to make things worse for himself and was soon sitting showered and ready. The second he heard the bell he hurried down to the basement to find Jayne waiting outside the door to what she would later call the punishment room. She told him to enter.

The room was without windows and exceedingly well lit. The floor covering was in light gray vinyl tiles and the walls and ceiling a clinical white. There were various items of furniture that he was starting to take in before he was told to stand on top of a white cross in the middle of the room facing a comfortable leather office chair in which Jayne moved to sit.

�When you enter this room James, that is where you will stand, at attention, awaiting my orders. As you will only be sent to this room to receive punishment. I would strongly suggest that you do not, in any way, irritate me or fail to follow my orders exactly. Otherwise you may well finish up with considerably more punishment than you were originally scheduled to receive. Remove my knickers and stand closer to me.

He placed the item on a nearby bench and moved forward. Jayne reached out and grasped his plastic restrainer to examine it in detail asking how he had found it.�

He just remembered how he should address his wife in the nick of time:

�It&#8217;s very uncomfortable Madam and rather itchy as I can&#8217;t clean myself properly. It also gets very painful when I start to have an erection. Would it be possible to remove it for a while?�

Jayne smiled coldly. �No chance!� �I fitted it so that it would be uncomfortable to remind you constantly of your new lowly position in this house and as for being painful...that is entirely up to you to control your basic urges. Let me demonstrate: Kneel on the floor in front of me with your knees apart and hands behind your head.�

She was dressed in a short skirt with bare legs and trainers on her feet. A thin vest covered her upper body with this shoulder straps and a deeply dipping front that exposed the tops of her breasts. From the way those breasts moved independently it was obvious that she had left her supportive bra in the bedroom. Slowly she placed her feet well apart so that the kneeling male could not avoid seeing her bikini style panties, then leant forward greatly improving the view of her breasts.

�Take a look at what you won&#8217;t be allowed to touch from now on...unless I give you specific permission. Everything will be on my terms and any frustrations you experience will just have to be endured...and from the look on your face your useless penis is causing you some discomfort right now. Am I correct James?�

�P.p.please Madam, I can&#8217;t stop it trying to get bigger and the spikes are digging in to me. It really hurts.�
�That is something you will have to learn to endure until such times as you learn not to have an erection with that device in place. I could distract your mind like this...�

She reached for his nipples with the fingers of each hand and squeezed them both with some force for several seconds.

�But on second thoughts�...she released them �I would much prefer to see you squirm because of your lack of control. If you think this is bad, imagine how you will feel when you have been celibate for several months and I have you carrying out some intimate service on me. I would imagine that you will really suffer then.�

She stood up and walked over to a rack on which she had hung all of her new toys. �Don&#8217;t bother looking round right now, you will be spending a fair part of your free time in this room as I gradually train you into how I wish you to behave. For now, I am prepared to overlook your many errors over the past few days and will simply start you off with what will be your routine discipline that you will undergo once every week. Naturally, any errors that you have committed will need to be addressed after that routine discipline...but we needn&#8217;t worry your head about that right now. Get yourself on top of that low bench.�

James found himself kneeling on all fours on a low black leather covered bench about three feet wide. He was told that this is where he would receive any minor punishments that didn&#8217;t require him to be secured. He was to keep his legs slightly apart with his head well down and back curved to thrust his buttocks as high as possible. The smell of new leather filled his senses.

Jayne took a leather paddle from the rack and held it in front of his face. It was four inches wide and six long and about a quarter of an inch thick. It would hurt, but not excessively so and would set an example of how things would be from now on. She told him that he would take 20 strokes, then added smilingly, on each buttock cheek. He was not to move unduly or try to protect himself with his hands even though it would hurt somewhat.

And it did. More than his only previous experience with the hairbrush. Long before the final stroke his buttocks felt on fire, but still his wife relentlessly brought the paddle down over and over again until the full allocation of 40 strokes had been laid on. 

He was told to return to the position standing at the present, in front of his wife&#8217;s chair with his backside burning from the assault . She took two items off the rack and stood in front of him.

�Another form of discipline that you will have to get used to is penance. I will subject you to some uncomfortable experience that you will have to accept without complaint. Tonight it will be your nipples.�

She carefully opened the jaws on a nipple clamp and applied it to his right nipple then repeated the procedure on his left.&nbsp; It hurt , especially with the way he was obliged to keep his elbows back that stretched the skin on his chest.

�You will remain in position until I tell you to move. In exactly twenty minutes time I will removed the clamps and at that point, it will hurt a lot more than it does at the moment as the blood is allowed to return to your nipples. In the meantime you have permission to look at my body.�

She returned to her sprawling position in the chair where he could see the outlines of both breasts and the stubby nipple protrusions. Then she raised the short skirt and opened her legs to display the crotch of her tight white panties. Despite the pain from his buttocks and chest he could feel his penis starting to react and soon felt the effects of the spikes in the restrainer start to add to his pains. He could not believe how quickly his ambition to remain with his lifestyle had reduced him to the virtual status of a slave, but he reasoned that this was a passing interest on his wife&#8217;s part and if he rode it out, everything would soon return to normal. From the deliberate way his wife stroked her vulva through the crotch of her panties and the way the dampness was soon visible a more experienced male would have realised that this was no passing fancy.


Weeks turned into months with an ever increasing severity by his wife. It was true that she was genuinely reluctant to inflict serious punishments with the cane, but from time to time she did deem it necessary and when that time came he certainly felt it to his very core. She seemed to find ever more degrading ways of causing him to give her sexual pleasures that he would have found repulsive in his days as a free man but to avoid the more severe visits to the room, he had no choice. His enforced celibacy was becoming more and more of a problem to him and he eventually was forced to beg for some release from the cruel device, if only to clean his permanently sore member. It took two days of thought before Jayne gave him her decision. With him on his knees after the evening meal she informed him that she had decided to allow him a cleaning and release session once a month. He would return home at lunchtime on the date she ordered and report to Mrs Brady who had offered to carry out what they had both agreed would be a disgusting job. Jayne hardly needed to remind him that Mrs Daly would have complete control over him and that she had been specifically briefed to make the experience as unpleasant as possible.

Two days later he was summoned into his wife&#8217;s work office and took up the usual position of attention in front of her desk. 

�Today you will drive home and present yourself to Mrs Brady who will deal with you as I mentioned. Just remember to be polite and courteous to her as she is doing this as a personal favour to me given that she has better and more pleasant things to do with her time, such as cleaning the toilets. I expect you back here to report on what happened at precisely 2pm.�

James managed to sneak away a little early and was soon parked outside the house. He nervously let himself in, half looking forward to the relief he so badly needed but worried just how unpleasant the cleaning lady would make it. He went through to the kitchen and found Mrs Brady seated at the table drinking coffee. She was dressed in a blue dress that reached her neck over which she wore a plain white apron. Her face looked freshly scrubbed and the greying hair recently pulled tightly back into a bun. There was no trace of a smile on the face and she remained seated looking inquisitively at him.

�Well, James, and why are you here at this time of the day?� she asked.

James was confused, Surely she knew. He then realised that she was going to drag this thing out to make it even more humiliating for him by making him explain. Having no choice and wishing to get things over as quickly as possible he stood at attention and spoke:

�My wife has told me to report here to you Mrs Brady for cleaning and ...relief. I understand that she has spoken to you about it.�

�The things I have to do to keep this job!� she sniffed. �I might as well tell you James that I took some convincing and believe me I won&#8217;t be going out of my way to make this in any way enjoyable. You will be entirely under my control and you will do whatever I tell you. Not only that but I will be doing everything I can to get you to beg your wife not to have me do this on a regular basis. Do you understand?�

James agreed that he did, having no choice in the matter. For her part, Mrs Brady was more than a little amused at the chances of having this arrogant young male in her grasp and hadn&#8217;t taken much persuasion by Mrs Hough. She had always wanted to get her own back on males after her miserable marriage...and this could be her chance. She knew that the one way to guarantee that she would be doing this on a regular basis was to make it so awful that he would complain to his wife and beg to be let off another session.

With the order to follow her she walked through to the old part of the house where the original kitchen had been. The room was bare with high windows and just a large scrubbed wooden table in the middle. Numerous old fashioned kitchen utensils and saucepans lined the wall. On one of the side tables stood an angle poise lamp ready to give added illumination should it be required. Ominously, a large tray covered with a cloth lay on the table.

�Right James, lets get this over with. Strip off all your clothes and put them...neatly...on that chair.� He did as she ordered and soon stood naked in front of her in the rather chilly room. She looked down at his crotch and, reaching forward gripped the plastic covered penis.

�So this is the source of your problems is it? I won&#8217;t ask why it became necessary to confine you in this way but rest assured, any semblance of a sexual presumption on your part will be instantly reported for your wife to deal with. From the marks on your backside I see that she has dealt with you recently. What was that for?�

Blushing with embarrassment James told her that he had received a routine beating followed by six with the light cane two nights earlier. The cane was for failing to reply to a business email promptly that his wife had sent him at work. Letting go of the restrainer she put her hand in a pocket and retrieved a small key. This she put in the lock and having turned it removed the penis covers and then the circular base that had been around his scrotum.

The feeling of freedom was immediate and James could not help sighing with relief and stretching himself. Mrs Brady carefully inspected the device and then reached forward again and grasped the penis as it started to erect for the first time for some weeks without causing itself pain. She led him towards the angle poise lamp and switched it on. His foreskin had been retracted by the fit of the restrainer and he could feel the heat as his sore and reddened member was illuminated.

Mrs Brady soon admitted that it certainly needed cleaning and James expected that she would allow him to shower. Instead she went to the cloth covered tray and returned with a toothbrush. �I anticipated that I would need to do some housework on your penis James so I begged one of your wife&#8217;s discarded toothbrushes and some of her minty toothpaste. Between them they should do the trick. Oh...and don&#8217;t blame me but she does prefer the toothbrushes with the harder bristles!�

She carefully squeezed a generous amount of green paste on the brush and then proceeded to scrub and scrape around the underside of the glans snapping at him to keep still as if her were a twelve year old. Then, having loaded more of the astringent paste, scrubbed the glans itself paying particular attention to the opening at the tip. Despite this pain, when she eventually stopped her cleaning, he was still embarrassingly erect. Placing the toothbrush back on the tray she proceeded to examine him in detail by gripping his testes, one in each set of fingers. James flinched and squirmed at this invasion of his body by the woman.

�Feeling a bit full are they? ... even more sensitive than they would normally be? Well, James, we will have to see if we can empty them. I want you up on this table with your feet hanging over the edge, on all fours and with your forehead pressing the table, knees wide apart and backside up in the air.�

James positioned himself feeling more humiliated than at any other time in his life. Mrs Brady drew up a chair and sat between his feet and reached up with a tissue to rub it up and down his parted anal cleft.

�As the person who has the disgusting job of washing your underwear I am not in the least surprised to see that you seem to be extremely careless with your personal hygiene. I have an idea that I can change your attitude to that task and will be discussing the problem with your wife. In the meantime, a little energetic scrubbing on m part should overcome your carelessness.�

Once again the hard bristle brush was covered in paste but this time she vigorously used it to scrub the cleft from top to where it reached his dangling scrotum. Extra toothpaste was added when she reached his anus and the scrubbing became even more intense to the point that the bristles penetrated the centre leaving the sphincter stinging and sore.

Eventually she finished and sat back in the chair. �Now James, comes the bit where I empty your tubes. I have had some experience of a similar nature in that I was brought up on a dairy farm and learned to hand milk the cows. I don&#8217;t intend to treat you with any greater respect than I did those lumbering beasts. I realise that you may derive a little pleasure from this, but if I have any moving around or reluctance to follow my orders, this is what you will get:�

She reached forward and slapped the back of his scrotum with her finger tips.

James, caught completely unawares nearly leapt off the table but was soon back where Mrs Brady wanted him under penalty of another such slap. She then stood and took down a tarnished copper saucepan from one of the racks placing it under his hanging genitals. She then covered her right hand in some sort of grease from the tray, reached between his spread legs, grasped his penis from behind pulling it backwards to the vertical and, aiming it at the saucepan,&nbsp; started a firm and insistent up and down motion.

It was a mixture of pain and pleasure. His testes still ached from the warning slap, his anal region stung from the scrubbing and toothpaste and his penis was still burning from the same treatment, but with the insistent movement of Mrs Brady&#8217;s large hard hand, he did feel the stirrings of what had been denied for so long. When she changed to a more rapid pace with her slippery grip it was soon over as the surge of relief came and went all too quickly. Her positioning of the saucepan was accurate and she slowly squeezed and pulled until he was fully spent into the receptacle.

He was soon ordered off the table to briefly wash himself in the cold water of the butlers sink and then, clothes back on, was on his way back to work. Though he did not appreciate it at the time, Mrs Brady was already making plans to see a lot more of him and it would be something for him to look forward to with dread rather than pleasurable anticipation.

That night Mrs Brady spoke to Jayne at length. She explained how she had done as Jayne requested but felt that she should be given more authority over the husband before he came for another session. It was soon agreed that Mrs Brady should be allowed to use one of the displayed wooden spoons that were in the room to discipline James whenever, in Mrs Brady&#8217;s opinion, it would benefit him. She then went on to suggest some ways in which he could be made a little more aware of his new status.

It was checking his underwear and remembering that it had been her job to wash them that gave her the idea. Instead of her being responsible for the intimate laundry in the house James could be required to hand wash both his wife&#8217;s and Mrs Brady&#8217;s intimate items in the sink in the room where he had been milked. Additionally she had in mind several other tasks that could be carried out there in the evenings such as the thorough cleaning and polishing of their boots and shoes. Naturally he would need to be naked when working and Mrs Brady on hand to check on his progress and pick up on any little errors. There were also what had been the servants&#8217; toilets that needed cleaning. True, they were only used by the lady joggers who were allowed to run in the grounds of the house, but there was no reason why they shouldn&#8217;t be as pristine as the rest of the house.

It was soon agreed that his first session under Mrs Brady would be the following night. He found that he was no longer allowed to eat in the same room as his wife but had to take his meal and eat in the kitchen. He was then summoned to stand in front of his wife as she told him about the new arrangement that had been made and that it would start that night. She was going out that night to what she called a social engagement so he was to go straight to Mrs Brady&#8217;s rooms and report for an evening of work under her guidance.

He soon found himself shown to the old kitchen where Mrs Brady took a seat in one of the old wooden servants&#8217; chairs and motioned for him to stand in front of her.

�As you have been told James, you will be under my control when you are sent to work in this part of the house. I expect your total obedience to any instruction I give you otherwise...you will find that I have some considerable authority over you. Tonight you will be busy carrying out some personal washing for your wife and me. To make sure that you have the right frame of mind, you will carry out all these household duties stripped down to your restrainer. Place your clothes on the chair next to you.�

Knowing that his wife was out, James could think of no way round his present situation other than to do as this lady ordered. He soon stood, naked, at the attention with the device embarrassingly hanging down between his legs. He was then told to go to Mrs Brady&#8217;s bedroom, search through her laundry basket and bring all the knickers, the brassieres, stockings and suspender belts down to be washed.

When he reached the small impersonal room her found the basket in her adjacent bathroom. It was jammed pack with items and he correctly surmised that she had planned this situation for some time and had deliberately avoided doing any washing herself for some time. He had to empty the basket on to the tiled floor then sort the items into two piles, one to take away for washing and the other to leave. Her panties were hardly of a sexy nature but rather of the fuller heavier type that would be more suitable for a female engaged in heavy manual work. Each of the six pairs appeared to have been worn for some time and a certain smell of dried sweat and other secretions permeated the material. He then found the bras of the heavy rigid support type and a dozen thick woollen stockings with just one substantial suspender belt that had been used to hold them up her legs.

He carefully replaced the other items in the basket and then took the items to be washed downstairs to the waiting housekeeper. He placed them next to the large sink where he also found a packet of washing powder that had been placed for his use. With Mrs Brady looking on he opened the tap and filled the lower half of the sink with hot water into which he mixed some powder...and started his humiliating task.

It was the panties that caused him most concern on account of the reinforced gussets and the accumulation of stains in the area. It took some time rubbing each pair between his fingers and vigorous scrubbing with an old scrubbing brush until they appeared clean. Having rinsed all the articles he hung them to dry on the overhead drying rack and awaited his next order.

He was taken to the very rear of the building an into an old fashioned Victorian toilet block. There were six wash sinks and three toilets in cubicles, all with ornate wrought iron decorations and brass fittings. The toilets themselves with their wooden seats looked as if they hadn&#8217;t been cleaned since before the turn of the century, and the 20th century at that. 

Mrs Brady told him that it would be his job to bring these toilets up to a high standard over the next two weeks.&nbsp; He would have to spend much of his free time cleaning and polishing, stating with the white tiled walls and then starting on the seats and bowls. She would inspect his work every night and wanted to see a daily improvement...or else. All this cleaning work was to take second place to any other jobs that he might be given. It was, in a way, a task to fill in any free time he had in the house.

He was then taken back into the kitchen and told to collect his wife&#8217;s underwear for washing. He entered her room with some nervousness even though she was out. and emptied her wash basket. What a contrast with Mrs Brady&#8217;s. The underwear was designer quality and style. All the panties were thong or near thong type with the bra&#8217;s lightweight and made from thinner materials. Her stockings were all self supporting with no need for suspension devices. Having collected them together he returned to the kitchen, filled the bottom of the sink with soapy water and started to wash them.

It took a much shorter time even though some panties showed signs of staining and they soon joined the others items on the drying rack. Just then Mrs Brady returned clutching a&nbsp; pair of her own that she must have removed from the drying line.

�James! when I said I wanted this laundry cleaning I meant exactly that. I did not mean that you were to do a thoroughly slipshod and careless job of cleaning my underwear.� She folded the article so that the inside of the crotch was fully displayed. It was still stained. James could not understand how that could have happened given the effort he had put into the washing and the checks he made before hanging them up to dry.

�You may not be aware but your wife has given me powers of punishment over you and your lack of attention and effort leaves me with no options other than to exercise them this evening. I will now inflict some discomfort that will make you a little more attentive to my instructions in the future. I don&#8217;t enjoy doing this sort of thing, but given the stupidity of your behaviour I intend to make it painful. Bring that small stool over here to me.�

James was totally mystified and well he might be. It had taken Mrs Brady some minutes to retrieve her perfectly well washed panties from the line, mark them suitably and have them ready to show him as �evidence�. An opportunity to hurt someone like James doesn&#8217;t come around too often...and she was determined to make the most of it.

She soon had the near naked male standing on one foot next to the stool with his other foot planted on the top with his leg well out to one side. The inside of his thigh was parallel with the floor and totally exposed.

�Your wife seems to prefer beating you on the buttocks so I will leave those unmarked for her use.� She brought her hands from behind her back. In the right there was an old wooden spoon that she had taken down from the rack. �I think that this will get my point across to you. Shall we say a dozen whacks James?....on each thigh? Before I start I think I will show you what hard scrubbing really is.�

She picked up the old wooden scrubbing brush that was still wet from his its use on the panties. Standing behind him she reached over his extended leg and started to rub the wet stiff bristles up and down his soft exposed flesh. It wasn&#8217;t long before the whole area was reddened and sore but still she continued with her harsh scrubbing. Finally, she put the brush down and, having poured some type of medicated cleaner on to a small towel, she rubbed the area until it was stinging even more and now had a shiny wet surface.

She then moved to stand in front of him, picked up the spoon, raised her well muscled arm so that the spoon rested on her right shoulder...and brought it down on to the red thigh with a loud �slop�.

The pain was instantaneous and sharp. The way in which an innocent domestic item such as that could be used to hurt him shocked as much as stung. It took some willpower to remain in position especially when she was working on his upper thigh near his scrotum, but he managed to accept the twelve strokes.

The whole humiliation process was then repeated for his other thigh.

Mrs Brady then told him that he could continue working in the toilet area until 10pm after which he was to report to his wife in her bedroom and if she still hadn&#8217;t returned, to wait for her outside that door. She then left.

He started on one of the tiled walls in the ladies toilet. By standing on a low box he was able to wash and then dry the old Victorian tiles to a good standard or what he hoped Mrs Brady would consider a good standard. He took care to stand with his legs wide as any contact between his thighs proved to be a sharp reminder of her authority. Looking at his watch he realised that it was time to report and went back into the main house and up to her bedroom.

There was no reply to his knock so, as instructed, he waited at attention. Eventually he heard his wife return and after spending time downstairs she appeared in the corridor looking strangely flushed. Her eyes immediately locked on to his thighs and she was soon demanding to know what had happened. 

There was no sympathy and no concern. Rather she was irritated that he had been unable to satisfy Mrs Brady&#8217;s standards and annoyed that she had needed to punish him. She made him stand with his legs wide as she ran her nails up and down the scratched and beaten area watching his facial reactions to the additional pain.

�Remind me to add ten with the strap when you get your next routine beating James. And if there is the slightest mark with my underwear when you finally finish ironing them...I will make that twenty. All I can say is that your failure tonight has shown me how I will be unable to fully discipline you without some professional assistance. You should know that I am sending you to be assessed by a lady who specialises in advising owners of males like you. You will be sent there next Saturday so I would advise you to put some real thought into improving your attitude and obedience before that date. I&#8217;m afraid I have to give the lady total authority to inflict whatever she wishes on you so just how difficult and unpleasant your visit will be will be entirely up to you.

Get back to your room!

To be continued.



































Chapter 63
It was Friday night and the inevitable session in the basement room had come around all too quickly. At eight pm James stood outside the door at rigid attention awaiting the arrival of his wife. She arrived, dressed as usual in her short sports skirt and vest like top. He, of course was showered and stripped but still wearing the degrading pair of his wife&#8217;s white sports panties that he had never been allowed to wash since an unfortunate incident. This greatly added to his humiliation. 
 It was some weeks before when carrying out work for Mrs Brady he had been denied the use of the toilet when he asked to use one of the ones he was cleaning and preparing for the use of the ladies in the local fitness group. She had earlier encouraged him to drink a large glass of water as the floor scrubbing around the toilet bowls had made him sweat profusely. When the liquid had inevitably worked its way through his system he found that his bladder was uncomfortably full, but his request was denied as this toilet block was �for ladies only� ...and she didn&#8217;t want it soiled by any �mere male�.
As the minutes passed she found more hard and difficult work for him cleaning the inside of the bowls with a hard toilet brush and chemicals. He had to frequently flush the toilet and the sound of the running water added greatly to his discomfort. Again he requested her permission and again it was refused saying that he should have attended to his personal needs earlier. 
A full hour after his initial request he was in some pain and desperately needed to release the pressure in his bladder, but bearing in mind Mrs Brady&#8217;s propensity to use the large wooden spoon on his inner thighs and the freedom she seemed to have to slap his testes whenever she felt like it, he was too frightened to ask again. Just then his wife appeared on a visit to Mrs Brady&#8217;s part of the house and to inspect the work he had done. They kept him waiting at attention while Mrs Brady showed Jayne the work and added frequent unjustified complaints about his behaviour and work ethic. This prompted Jayne to tell Mrs Brady that the solution was entirely in her own hands and that she, Jayne, was the last person to complain about heavy use of her �punishment spoon� or any other form of discipline that still left his buttocks un-bruised for her personal beatings.
Thus encouraged, Mrs Brady mentioned her belief that a male&#8217;s testicles, being his most vulnerable area, should also be considered for discipline. Jayne was doubtful as she had taken a dislike to even having to look at his genitalia, hence his painful restrainer. To cover them completely she had also insisted that he be made to wear that pair of her sports panties. The housekeeper then suggested that she demonstrate how she believed he should be disciplined, and should Jayne approve, she would feel more confident in using these methods more on him in the future.
He was ordered to strip down to the punishment panties and Mrs Brady soon had him sitting on the heavy scrubbed kitchen table with his knees wide apart and each foot planted on a separate chair. He made one more plea for relief: �Please Madam, I desperately need to use the toilet�. Jayne snorted with contempt and told him that he could go after the demonstration.
Mrs Brady produced the large wooden spoon for Jayne&#8217;s inspection. Having gently slapped her left palm with it she agreed that it was a fairly light implement and wouldn&#8217;t do him any harm...then asked about the scrotum slapping. It was agreed that Mrs Brady would allow James to wear the panties to prevent his wife&#8217;s embarrassment but he would have to take ten spoon whacks on each inner thigh followed by three ball slaps with her fingers through the material of the panties. She would move from her left to her right. First the inner thigh, then the scrotum that could be seen sagging and protruding through the thin material of the crotch followed by the other thigh.
James was in agony with his distended bladder consuming all the thought power he had. He knew that he could not hold on much longer and just hoped that perhaps the pain would take his mind away from his bladder problem. When the housekeeper started on his inner thigh, the spoon being applied even harder than normal to impress her employer, it did just that and even though he was starting to sweat he was able to hold on. 
But then came the time for the three scrotal slaps. Mrs Brady cupped the fingers of her right hand and gently felt them around the hanging bulge in the panties. She increased his fear by several notches by reminding him how much it would hurt and that he would have to remain with his legs spread apart even after the third slap. She lowered her hand...and brought it up hard to contact the bulge.
She was on target, and it hurt, but still James managed to hold on. Mrs Brady then turned to Jayne and explained the psychology of punishing testicles. The first slap, particularly when they were covered as in this case, was merely to gauge their position and their ability to move. The second would be the one that really hurt and the male realising that would have to be prepared as any undue movement would be taken as a refusal to accept this particular type of punishment.
James knew that she meant what she said. He was now faced with having to take the type of pain that he always dreaded. His fear factor, already high went off the clock and for a second or so he was so frightened that he forgot that the control of his swollen bladder was his main concern. He relaxed his sphincter for just one second....but it was enough to start the flow, and once started, he could not stop it. His bladder released itself and a torrent of hot urine quickly soaked the crotch of the panties and ran down on to the kitchen floor.
The two women, oblivious of their responsibility in causing this flood reacted with shock and horror. Jayne found the whole scene revolting and stormed out having instructed Mrs Brady to deal with him. Over her departing shoulder she also instructed him to wear the panties until dry and continue to wear them as such when on punishment duty as a reminder of his disgusting lack of control.
Needless to say, the housekeeper made full use of that order. She started again on his now wet thighs... but it was to be twenty bruising slaps each side and with the wet spoon wielded with sadistic force. She then ordered him to remove the soaking panties, move the chairs from the table and place them wide apart so that he had to squat with a foot on each. This left his genitals and restrained penis hanging low. She bunched up the wet and heavy panties and five times brought them sharply up to slap his wet scrotum. The pain was unbelievable but James knew he must take it...and he did.
Since that terrible evening he had worn the stiff and odorous panties, the smell of which was always greeted by his wife with a screwed up face and expressions of disgust. And he was wearing them tonight as he waited at attention outside the room.
When she arrived she clicked her fingers as an instruction to follow her.
He knew that he faced a routine beating, but hoped that her promise to lay on the strap for his lack of effort with Mrs Brady&#8217;s underwear that week would have been forgotten. It certainly seemed so. She carefully examined his inner thighs where Mrs Brady had recently laid on more spoon whacks commenting on how long the bruising took to dissipate every week. Then, having stripped off the panties He was told to take up the normal position on the low leather bench for the twenty slaps with the paddle on each cheek. She was obviously in a good and charitable mood in that the slaps were certainly hard, and stung as they always did, but at least she spread them out over the entire buttock area. Following his five minutes corner time, with hands on top of his head, he was told to replace the panties and leave.
His hand was on the door handle when the voice behind him snapped out: �So you have deliberately decided not to remind me about your strapping then James?�
What could he say? He had been caught out and would no doubt, knowing his wife, have to pay the price..... She soon had him standing at attention in front of her as she sat in the high backed chair. The chair that she always occupied when she felt the need to lecture him.
�I stated quite clearly that you were to remind me to lay on ten with a strap at the weekly maintenance punishment session, and yet you totally failed to do so. I will take your omission as a deliberate act of disobedience and deal with it accordingly. I realise that these punishments are somewhat painful for you but that is no excuse. They are, after all, for your own benefit and should be accepted with good grace. I will endeavour to get through your thick skull that when I give an order, it is to be obeyed.�
She stood, walked over to the rack of disciplinary items, selected a strap with a wooden grip and a single blade well over a foot in length, one and a half inches wide, and about a quarter inch thick. She then resumed her seat...and her lecture.
�I have decided to give you double the original strokes and with a more effective strap. This hasn&#8217;t been used on you yet but my guess is that you will find it unpleasant. For that reason you will be strapped to the horse so that you won&#8217;t be tempted to avoid punishment. Following the infliction you will remain in position and I will allow you to display your respect for my body. Should you fail to achieve my ...satisfaction...as you often do...it will be another ten strokes. Now, remove your punishment panties then mount the horse with your hands and feet positioned for the securing straps.�
He had only been across the large leather padded horse twice before and neither time had she considered it necessary to secure him. The previous times she had been harsh with him but this time he sensed that she would be even harsher. And once he had been thoroughly secured by the Velcro bands...she was.

There was a mirror positioned on the wall that enabled him to see not only his face but whoever stood either side of the horse. He watched with a frightened fascination as Jayne raised the strap over her shoulder and brought it down...hard. She then stood calmly and patiently watching the hands of a large wall clock until a minute had elapsed and then laid on the second stroke across the same area. This went inexorably on until she had laid on the first ten strokes, all of which she laid in a three inch band on the upturned crown of his buttocks.
James was still trying to control his breathing as the pain continued to sweep over him when Jayne casually sat astride the head end of the horse with her legs splayed and her skirt almost around her waist. She leant back so that her white pantied crotch was just inches from James&#8217;s face. �Take a good look, aren&#8217;t you lucky that Mrs Brady didn&#8217;t find fault with your washing these panties. Just one mark left by carelessness and you would have to take another thirty with this strap instead of another ten... ten that is if you manage to provide a satisfactory level of service to this area. It may take time James, but you will learn obedience no matter how long it might take me.�
With that she slipped off the horse, picked up the strap and started to lay what James hoped would be the final ten strokes. This batch were concentrated on a three inch band beneath the earlier ones which should have afforded him some relief, but as this extended to where his buttocks and thighs meet it turned out to be even more sensitive than the earlier application. Each was laid on with vigour at one minute intervals and every one of them was agony. Finally she put down the strap, slipped out of her panties and mounted the horse for the attention of his tongue.
He knew that despite the pain from the strap he would have to put everything he had into the service. Her thighs were still damp from her exertion and a faint smell of arousal reached his nostrils as he brought his tongue to the inner lips protruding slightly from the vulva. Even though her legs were widely splayed the lips were hardly parted and he had to twist his neck so that his tongue could separate the folds and enter the salty slot.
He allowed some minutes of running his tongue up and down to penetrate as far as it could before concentrating on the nub near the top. As it swelled provocatively his job was made easier and she was soon moving her hips and pressing against his face making breathing difficult. He could feel his neck muscles becoming tired and stiff and his tongue ached but the thought of the extra ten strokes somehow kept him going... until she suddenly climaxed and he was safe from further beatings...for a while.
She unstrapped him and left the room without a further word.
The next morning he breakfasted alone, but in truth had little appetite knowing that he had an appointment at ten am with the Assessor. His wife told him nothing about the Assessor or what he would need to do, she simply packed a small bag and handed it to him along with the address and told him not to be late.
He drove himself in one of his less conspicuous cars and having parked, walked up to the average looking house on a large modern estate. It was nine forty five when he knocked on the front door. There was a long pause, then it was opened by a heavily built but attractive lady in her mid-forties wearing a skirt and tight white blouse over an ample bosom. She looked him up and down and asked one question: 
�Yes?�
For some reason her attitude made James immediately nervous but he managed to stammer out: �J.j.james Hough Madam.�
She stared at him. �I believe your appointment is for ten o&#8217;clock? To which he agreed by nodding his head. �Then report at exactly that time... and not a second early or late Hough.�
...and the door was slammed in his face.
He realised that this had not been a good start. He wandered aimlessly round the estate until it was just before the allotted time and then walked up and knocked again. There was no response so he knocked again. Panic was now setting in so he knocked for the third time and much louder.
The same lady opened the door and told him to get inside. Once the door was closed she turned on him in irritation taking the bag out of his hand. �When I say ten o&#8217;clock, that is the time I mean... and as for your hammering on my door in such an insolent way ... You have made a very bad start to your assessment Hough and I can only hope that this is not a true indication of your level of ability and respect. Follow me!�
She led the way into a small room that was obviously her office. Telling him to stand at attention on the door side of a large desk she took her seat, placed the bag on the surface in front of her and sat staring at him in a way that made him feel distinctly uncomfortable. She placed a pair of half rimmed glasses on her nose, opened the bag and took out a file. He was concerned to see his photograph on the cover and guessed that it contained details on his life.
She slowly read the sheets inside the cover, with just the odd glance in his direction and a snapped instruction to �stop fidgeting�. Without looking up she spoke �I see you had to be beaten last night, what was that for?� Blushing with embarrassment James told her that it had been his weekly routine beating but he had also had a strapping for failing to clean the housekeepers underwear properly. She looked up over the top of her glasses. �Don&#8217;t lie to me James, ten of those strokes were because you failed to remind your wife that you were due a beating, is that not true?� 
James mumbled an agreement.
She looked up. �Well, so far today you have failed to obey my order on the report time, been insolent to me in the way you hammered on the door and now you have chosen to lie when I asked a question. I have rarely had a boy here who has made such an appalling start to an assessment day. You are well below the acceptable standard so , if I were you, I would try to demonstrate that these lapses were not indicative of your real behaviour, unless you want me to report that you are in urgent need of corrective training?�
James was beginning to feel like a young boy up before the headmistress. His instinct was to rebel in some way but the thought, never far from his mind, that his wife could not only reduce him to penury but also have him committed to jail, obliged him to obey this woman and accept whatever she chose to dish out. He knew that he would have to endure this process of assessment and just hope it wouldn&#8217;t be too protracted or unpleasant. He therefore simply agreed that he did not want such a report to be made.
�My name by the way is Mrs Cordell but you will address me as �Madam�. Before starting your assessment You will be medically examined by a nurse who happens to be a friend of mine. She lives in a house opposite this one, number 26, just cross the road and knock...gently...on her door. I will see you on your return and we can then get started. And take this with you she said opening his bag and handing him a small envelope that was inside.
The house, similar to Mrs Cordell&#8217;s was indeed opposite and James soon found himself knocking...gently...on the door. There was no delay this time and the door was opened by a lady dressed in a full starchy nurse&#8217;s uniform from her head dress down to her sensible 
shoes. She was in her late forties with short greying hair and a bored expression on her rather lined face.
�You must be Hough.� She said. �Well, let&#8217;s get on with it as I am more than busy today. Go upstairs and into the room on the left and wait there. Read and obey the instructions on the back of the door and leave that envelope on the table.�
James did as she had instructed and found a large room with a medical bench and assorted medical equipment in trays on a table. He placed the mysterious envelope with the equipment and closed the door to read the notice.
There were two of them. The first headed �Females on Assessment� and the second concerned males:
Males on Assessment.
Males are to strip entirely and place their clothing in the locker. They will then completely drink the glass of water on the table. They will then stand on the small mat next to the table with feet placed on the blue marked areas and hands on head. Care should be taken to retain the penis in a flaccid state at all times during the examination. No questions will be asked and every order by the Nurse will be instantly obeyed without question. You should realise that the inspection may be uncomfortable and embarrassing at times but there are to be no complaints. You will also hold any position that the Nurse requires without undue movement or attempts to obstruct her actions.

This was hardly comforting news but, as directed, he stripped down to his restrainer, thankful that this device would prevent any erection, drank the water and took up the position. The marks for his feet were certainly wide apart and he had some difficulty in widening his legs far enough to comply.
The Nurse entered the room, glanced in his direction and continued with a call on her mobile. It seemed that another appointment had been made for 30 minutes time and that she was irritated that it would overlap. She concluded the call by telling the caller to tell the female to arrive on time and expect a long wait. The mention of a female was not overlooked by James.
Having replaced the mobile in a pocket in her blue uniform she stood back and looked James over. �We will start by taking off your device James, how long is it since it has been off?�
James explained that it was only taken off on rare occasions for cleansing and monthly for milking. It had been over a week since it had last been removed. The Nurse slipped on a pair of blue latex gloves, reached for the envelope and opening it extracted the key that she needed. It took a few seconds to removed all parts and deposit them in a steel dish. He now stood fully naked. She lifted his penis, commented on its general redness and when he flinched, it&#8217;s obvious soreness. Then asked how it was cleaned. James described Mrs Brady&#8217;s attentions to which the Nurse remarked that it certainly looked cheesy and overdue for a decent scrub.
She led him into the bathroom where there was a modern shower cubicle and told him to get in, handing him a bar of soap. 
�This is a power shower so you will find it very efficient. You will soap yourself all over, particularly in the crotch area and then stand whilst the soap is removed. Don&#8217;t think of increasing the temperature, it is set at maximum cold as this is not intended to be a pleasant experience for you.�
With that, she turned the lever to �Full� and as the icy jets hit James, closed the door and stood back. 
It was unbelievably cold and powerful and took his breath away. He rubbed the soap all over as quickly as he could and then turned and twisted under the jets until the soap had been washed off. The Nurse reached in a turned the shower off, but she was not through with his ablutions. Taking the soap from the dish she took hold of the wet, cold and flaccid penis an vigorously rubbed the soap around the head, shaft and scrotum then told him to stand with legs apart and hands on his head. Taking the shower head from its socket she twisted the head to a different setting and turned it on. There were now just three small jets within a half inch circumference, but under an even greater pressure. She held it just inches from his genitalia and, moving it all around the entire region, blasting the soap away. It was particularly painful when it hit his soft shrunken penis which was blown sideways by the force of the jet. The Nurse curtly told him to hold it firmly by the root which he did. The jet was then directed at and around the glans, somehow he managed to remain almost motionless until she was satisfied.
It wasn&#8217;t over for him as he stood shivering with cold. Next he was told to face away from her with his legs wide and reach behind to pull his buttock cheeks wide apart. The icy jet was then directed at the top of his anal cleft and brought slowly downwards. It felt like three jagged icicles especially when it reached his clenched anus where it remained for several seconds before hitting the rear of his dangling scrotum with full force. Even though the cold had contracted the scrotal skin it still made them bounce painfully until the water was at last turned off. He was given a small towel to dry himself and she led the way back to the other room where, still shivering and with aching testes, he took his place back on the mat.
Holding a small flashlight in one hand and a tongue depressor in the other she gave his mouth and teeth a cursory examination. Following that she used q tips to check on the cleanliness of both his nostrils and ears placing the soiled ones in a steel jar. She then turned her attention to his shrunken nipples flicking them with her finger nails until they became erect. Then she indicated to him that he was to climb up on the examination bench. Laying on his back he soon found his knees wide and in the supports that pulled them back to a vertical position over his hips in what would be an indecent display anywhere other than a medical room. His body was lying at 45 degrees to the floor giving him a good view of the surroundings. He glanced at his cold penis which showed no signs of erection for which he felt suitably grateful. Just then there was a knock on the front door and with a snort of irritation the Nurse left the room.
James could hear a faint conversation and then footsteps on the stairs which he assumed to be the return of the Nurse. To his surprise a female entered the room and on seeing him stopped dead and blushed furiously. She was in her mid twenties, tall, slim with long fair hair and an exceedingly pretty face. A subtle and expensive scent wafted around her as she stood in what was obviously an expensive skirt and blouse looking somewhat frightened. She had obviously been told what to do and read the notice with a grimace. With one more glance at James and a shrug of resignation she started to strip in front of him.
She carefully removed her blouse then skirt and stood for a few seconds in her designer underwear before slipping off the self supporting stockings. She bent down facing away from James to put them neatly away revealing her long tanned legs and bubble shaped buttocks only partially covered by the small black panties. There were ugly fresh weals visible on her buttocks and further heavy bruising evidencing a recent punishment. At least, thought James, I&#8217;m not the only one who gets beaten.
Still facing away from him she shyly removed her brassiere then her panties to reveal even more weals. Having placed the panties on a hook next to the females&#8217; notice she blushingly turned round and took up the required position on the mat. She had small upturned breasts with unusually long nipples. She was unshaven around the pubic area.
James whispered �Who beat you? What for?�
She looked at him horrified shaking her head, but eventually whispered back:
�My husband. Just before he brought me here, he said it would show them what I can take. Last night it seemed that I was supposed to have been insolent to one of his male friends and he &#8216;phoned my husband this morning to complain. I tried to tell my husband that I hadn&#8217;t, but I then had to take six with the strap for insolence and eight hard ones with the cane for lying about it.�
Just then the door opened in the Nurse returned.&nbsp; She ignored the girl who had braced herself into the required position and walked towards James.
�If either of you feel in any way embarrassed you only have yourselves to blame. You are both here to be assessed and there were no requests on either of your files for any special treatment or consideration. I don&#8217;t normally examine with anyone else present but as I am busy, I certainly have to today. It might cause you both to be more sensible and not whine and whimper as most of my patients seem to when things get uncomfortable. We will start with you James.�
With those words she slipped on another fresh pair of latex gloves and produced a steel inspection device that she coated with lubricant. She then, to his surprise, transferred more lubricant to his exposed anus causing him to shift a little on his bench. Without any warning the speculum, as it could now be seen to be, was roughly engaged into the opening and pushed harshly fully in making him gasp with shock. A ratchet device was then operated and his anus stretched to a very uncomfortable degree. She then moved to a nearby table and he found the female, still in position with legs wide, to be looking at and indeed... into his yawning anus. 
He tried desperately to concentrate on something else, but the combination of the speculum and the female proved too much and he felt and saw the erection starting to swell his now warm penis. By the time she returned with a dish containing some probes and a small light. He was fully erect.
�Did you read the notice of instruction?� she asked. James agreed that he had. �Then I will have to report this to Mrs Cordell as gross disobedience so that she can deal with it.� She said.
The light was directed between the blades of the speculum and a long cotton wool tipped probe was inserted to prod, poke and scrape around the sensitive inner surfaces. Satisfied as to the general cleanliness the speculum was abruptly removed and a gloved finger inserted to feel and massage the prostate gland for some time... with her watching his face to note any reaction. Eventually it was removed and the gloves changed.
His foreskin that had slid over the sore glans was snatched back and his swollen penis examined in detail, right in front of the embarrassed girl. The nurse made no allowance for the tender areas and twisted and squeezed&nbsp; as she checked all the folds and wrinkles before transferring her attentions to his scrotal contents. The check was thorough with her finger tips rolling and pressing around the two bulbs and feeling for the connecting pipes. James squirmed more in fear than actual pain and was told to keep still and that if she wanted to hurt him she would press harder...which she did to demonstrate, causing him to writhe and grunt loudly.
She moved up to his head and having made him open his mouth to an uncomfortable degree. She then used a sharp dental prodder and bright flashlight to examine all his teeth and gums, using the probe to scrape and poke around the teeth and into the tender gums, ignoring his obvious pain.
His ears were then examined with the scope device before she took his blood pressure. Finally, with a stethoscope she listened to his chest, both front and back.
Turning to the girl, the Nurse instructed her to fetch two tall glasses from the bathroom and when she did, told her to urinate into the one she was holding. The girl looked in all directions for some area that would afford her privacy but was told sharply that the Nurse had to see her do it as there was a requirement for the liquid to be checked for drugs. She ordered James up from the bench and handed him the other glass with the same instructions, adding that as they would both have to urinate in full view of each other it should reduce the embarrassment factor.
They stood facing each other with the empty glasses in their hands. The female, blushing furiously bent her knees slightly, placed her glass between her parted legs and with a look of utter concentration tried to release her flow of urine. Eventually, a small trickle came from her labia then a gush of yellow liquid that soon filled the glass. From the look of anguish on her face the embarrassment had changed to discomfort as she tried to hold the flow back.
Just then, James managed to release, and soon filled his glass leaving him with the same problem of holding back the rest of his bladder. The two samples were placed on a table for later analysis and the Nurse, having completed the paperwork for James told him to get dressed and report back to Mrs Cordell. As he dressed the girl was told to mount the examination bench as he had done and a speculum was being inserted into her vagina.
His knock at the door was soon answered by Mrs Cordell. James handed her the report and a container holding his restrainer from the Nurse and followed her to the small office, taking up a position at attention in front of her desk.
She sat down, opened the envelope and read the contents. It took several minutes and her eyebrows were raised in surprise more than once. Having placed the letter in a filing tray she looked up at James and spoke:
�Well, Hough, not a good start to your Assessment. It seems that you are fit enough but unable to obey simple rules and display real respect for a female in authority. Your lack of self control with your erections will have to be looked at as will the continual use of that particular restrainer which may cause some harm to your penis. I understand that it is somewhat tender?�...James nodded in agreement.
�I will now start your Assessment. The purpose of this is to determine the level of respect for ladies that you display, your obedience to any order, request or suggestion, your acceptance of any correction or discipline that might be ordered and your overall level of subservience. You may find parts of this humiliating and some parts certainly a little painful but just remember that you are here to show me how well trained you are in doing whatever I say or accepting whatever I might do to you. I have two ladies here who will be assisting me. Their identities will remain secret but you will obey them without question...whatever they may require of you. Firstly, I will give you the first of the tests in accepting pain. Come round the side of my desk and hold out your right hand.�
She stood and picked up a leather tawse. James stood in front of her and raised his hand realising that she was about to lay on a Scottish style punishment. Having carefully moved his palm and fingers into a position that she wanted, she raised the tawse over her shoulder and brought it down in an arc to slash into his presented palm.
�Youch� he exclaimed and instinctively drew his hand back to rub it with his other. It hurt like hell but Mrs Cordell&#8217;s face remained impassive as she waited for him to reposition his hand for the next lash. That came down and hurt even more. He had just received the third when he presented his other hand as the thought of another application of split leather to the right palm was more than he could bear.
Mrs Cordell simply shrugged and started to lash that hand. Again after three blistering strokes he held both hands protectively under his opposite armpits. James was glad that assault was over and didn&#8217;t realise that Mrs Cordell was simply testing his limits. She had intended to apply five to each hand and her notes reflected his failure to accept anywhere near that number. She sat down, motioned him to the other side of the desk and wrote copious notes on to the clip board.
She then delved into the bag he had brought and took out the panties his wife made him wear for punishment Fridays. She wrinkled her nose in disgust then threw them at him telling him to take them into the bathroom and wash them thoroughly. When he returned with the wet item she ordered him to leave them on the desk top and to strip naked in front of her. He found this embarrassing and couldn&#8217;t help it when his penis reacted by starting to engorge. Before it was too noticeable he was told to put on the wet panties as it was not the lady volunteers fault that he needed to wash them and they might not appreciate him being naked.
The fact that you could see nearly as much with the wet panties on and the sheer cold discomfort of wearing them was not mentioned.
�Now for your next test Hough.&nbsp; You will go into the room opposite where a lady is waiting. She will tell you what she requires and you will then carry out that instruction. I would warn you that each of these tests is designed to assess your obedience and so they will be made as unpleasant as possible for you. There is no requirement for the lady to shower before your service, although she will most certainly want to do so afterwards. The only comfort and enjoyment to be considered is that of the lady and your aesthetic, olfactory or taste senses will not be of any concern. She will be wearing a mask to protect her identity and will submit a report to me afterwards that will assess your respect, demeanour and compliance. Go now and knock on the door.�
Not knowing what to expect and why she had made a point that his senses were not to be considered left him totally confused. He knocked on the door. A curt female&#8217;s voice told him to enter... which he did.
It was a small well lit room. There was a tall wooden stool on which sat a large lady wearing a jogging suit and trainers. Her head was covered in a black leather hood, out of which at the back hung long lank dyed blonde hair. It only left her eyes , nostrils and mouth free so that her identity could not be even guessed. At her feet was a small mat and she pointed to this indicating that James was to kneel in front of her. He found himself looking up at the heavily built woman wondering what she had in store for him and knowing that as she was covering up her identity it would be something unpleasant. She spoke:
I have just come from a very hard session in the gym. It is your duty to massage my feet so start by removing my trainers. You will then do whatever I require.�
From his kneeling position James unlaced each trainer then slipped them off leaving them to the side. He was told to take each one, place it over his face and inhale twice. The insides of the rubber and canvas shoe certainly gave proof that her workout had been to the point of heavy sweating. Both trainers reeked of both fresh and stale foot sweat.
�Now remove my right sock and then I want you to clean my foot with your tongue, taking particular care between my toes.�
James started to lick the extended foot and tried to ignore the smells of sweat and foot odour as best he could. By the time he worked around to inserting his tongue between the damp toes it felt sore and dry, but he knew that he must continue. 
And he did continue with both feet until the lady appeared satisfied and dismissed him with a casual wave of her hand.
Back at attention in front of Mrs Cordell, he awaited what next she had in mind for him. It was, as she described it to him, in the nature of an endurance test.
She pointed to a metal tray on the floor. It was almost covered in dried peas. He was ordered to kneel upright on the peas with his back straight and hands on his head.
The pain in his knees started immediately. It was a sharp cutting sensation that had him bend at the waist as he tried to accept it but he was soon ordered back to the fully upright braced position that seemed to place even more weight on his knee caps.
Mrs Cordell brought a chair and sat with her knees almost touching his chest. She stared into his screwed up eyes watching him closely as he absorbed the pain with just the occasional glance at her wrist watch to check how long he had been on the peas. She 
whispered that the longer he stood the pain, the better would be his report and that anything under ten minutes would be viewed as a failure. She mentioned how the girls always seemed to be able to accept a longer time and mused on whether this would be a consequence of their reduced weight or the extra padding on the female kneecap.
It was 13 minutes before he gave up and rested his hands on Mrs Cordell&#8217;s knees to reduce the weight on his knees. The sharp slap to his face came as a shock as she stood with a furious look on her face.
�Don&#8217;t you ever touch me without a direct order!� she snapped as he took the weight on his hands lifting himself clear of the tray. She made no further comment but scribbled away on her report form as James squatted down to pick the embedded peas from his sore knees.
Having finished scribbling, she told him that he would now undergo another assessment in the room where he had previously been. He was reminded that the lady would be masked and that he was to carry out anything...anything... that she ordered.
Just as he was leaving the young female who had been on the medical assessment arrived looking flushed. She was told to stand to attention as Mrs Cordell read the contents of the envelope that the girl, like James, had brought from the Nurse.
It was a different woman standing in front of him when he knelt, as ordered, on the mat. She was slimmer and wearing a blouse and long black skirt with high heels and stockings. The hood still hid her identity making her less apprehensive about ordering this male about. When she spoke she did so with a soft cultured accent.
�Well James, I have been told that you need testing in providing a personal service for a female. I will tell you exactly what service I require and you will be assessed on the way you follow those instructions, the effort you put into the task and the degree of success that it achieves. I shall require you to provide oral sex to me, cunnilingus if you prefer the term. You will need to clean both my outer and inner labia before exciting my clitoris and I expect your tongue to probe deep. It is to your advantage that I have been looking forward to this for some hours and so you will find me moist and receptive. It is equally to your disadvantage that I do not climax easily from this type of stimulation so you will need to work hard. Do you have any questions?�
James mumbled that he had none.
She then raised her skirt and told him to remove her panties. James reached up and gently slid them down over her knees and feet. He noted the dampness and scents of an aroused female as she had promised. She then, holding her skirt high, walked over to a large well padded armchair and sitting down raise each leg so that the knees were splayed and resting on the arms. The room was well lit and her extremely hirsute pudenda was spread before him. The labia were only slightly parted and as he knelt between the stretched apart thighs, he could again scent the musky smell that he had noticed on the panties.
He had only performed this act on one female in his life and that was his wife and only when she had ordered it. He even found the thought unpleasant but he knew that as with his wife, he had no choice if he were to prevent some dire consequence being inflicted on him. He knew that even if he tried really hard, anything other than a total success would be bound to have its repercussions.
He approached the exposed lips with some caution then gently reached out with the tip of his tongue to stroke it up and down the crack. He immediately sensed a salty taste that increased as his tongue slid between the labia to the extent that his face was almost scratched by the coarse thatch of black pubic hair. He continued to lick for some minutes before bringing his hands forward then using them to spread the lips wide so that his tongue could probe the wet and slippery depths with his nose forced to inhale the strong musky odour. Fighting his reluctance to have such a close contact he assiduously licked both the outer and then the frilly inner lips feeling the area respond to his touch by swelling imperceptibly. With his tongue beginning to ache from the effort he eventually moved up to the protruding, hooded clitoris first licking then sucking the nub to full swollen prominence as the thighs either side of his head flexed even wider to submit to his attentions.
He tried everything he could think of to achieve the climax he needed more than the woman. He licked, probed sucked swallowed, but there was no happy ending to be found. After a few minutes the woman became irritated then furious as she ordered him to return to Mrs Cordell which he did.
Mrs Cordell told him to wait and went to the room herself. The conversation was obviously short and when she returned the look on her face indicated that James had failed. She however made no comment but picked up an acrylic cane that was laying on a shelf. She flexed it between her hands whilst staring at him. 
�I note that you seem to have managed an erection even though you have failed to satisfy the lady. I don&#8217;t think it will be erect for long.� She stood directly in front of him almost touching, took a deep breath and continued: �We move on. I am now going to use this cane to inflict pain. I am not trying to punish you and I accept that inflicting pain for no reason is a hard thing for you to accept but it is necessary to assess how you react to being deliberately hurt for no reason. You must hold position during the infliction with absolutely no rubbing your buttocks or trying to avoid the strokes. This is a very effective implement for causing pain and you may rest assured that I will lay it on with full force even though I understand from your wife that you are relatively inexperienced with being beaten. We will start with five strokes and then that will be repeated after an event that you need not worry about at present.�
She was interrupted by a knock at the door. It was the female looking more flustered and red in the face than before. James could only guess that she had been to the foot woman, as he thought of her, to demonstrate her licking abilities. She was told to stand to one side and watch what was happening to James.
He was told to remove his still damp panties then place his legs wide apart, bend over from the waist until his back was parallel with the floor and clasp his hands behind his head, a difficult position to hold without having to take the cane as well.
Mrs Cordell gave the metre long rod a few experimental swishes that did nothing to calm James. He realised that the skin on his buttocks would have been tighter if he had been made to bend double, but even so, with his genitals dangling between his spread limbs and his bruised skin feeling exposed and vulnerable he knew that this would be hell for him. She stood to his left, he heard her raise the cane and then the swish as it descended to impact across his presented buttocks.
He had been caned by his wife, but never so painfully as this. It felt like a hot wire had been dragged over his skin and the pain did not reduce to any appreciable degree before she raised the cane over her shoulder and brought it whirring down for the second stroke...then the third...fourth and final fifth. All were laid on to a thin band of two inches across the centre of his buttocks...but he had managed to take each unjustified stroke without breaking his position.
He was told to stand and saw the look of fear and horror on the girl&#8217;s face as he did so. He was then told to go down the corridor to the bathroom and knock on the door.
As he left he heard the girl being told that she would now undergo the same test and to position herself. He heard the first stroke and following cry of pain as he knocked on the bathroom door and was told to enter.
He was surprised to see the Nurse who had carried out his earlier medical assessment. This time she was wearing latex gloves and a transparent plastic apron over her uniform.
�Welcome back James!� she said with a cold smile. �I have been told to milk you so let&#8217;s get it over with. Lean over the bath with your hands on the far side and knees up against the edge. Legs wide...wider. I can see that your penis is still looking sore from that chastity device but it can&#8217;t be helped if my pumping hurts a little...my best advice is to concentrate on ejaculating then it won&#8217;t last too long�.
She sat on the closed toilet seat, reached between his spread legs and grasped his penis firmly with her right hand, then..., suddenly snatched his foreskin back to expose the red raw area behind his glans where the device had dug into his organ.
Before James had even time to collect his thoughts the harsh pumping action started and her left hand came between his legs to grasp, somewhat firmly, his dangling scrotal contents. 
There came a knock at the door, and without breaking her rhythm the Nurse called out enter. In a mirror next to the bath James could see it was the girl, naked, who had clearly come straight from her caning. She was sobbing to herself but still keeping her hand away from the soothing touch they would have had to her throbbing wealed buttocks. 
The Nurse didn&#8217;t need to ask her the reason for her visit, knowing full well that she was there for the same treatment as James. The girl glanced down at James&#8217;s buttocks and exchanged sympathetic glances with him in the mirror as the Nurse stopped pumping and withdrew her hands from between James&#8217;s spread thighs.

�Since you are both here to have your sexual frustrations released I don&#8217;t see why I should have to do all the work. I will position you both so that you can work on each other until you achieve success. Naturally any failure to do so will be regarded as disobedience and will probably attract a few more welts on your backsides.
She soon had the girl, who&#8217;s name was Emma, sitting on the toilet with James at the present standing astride her legs. She instructed her to grasp his penis in her right hand and his scrotum in her left then to start masturbating his erect and reddened organ making sure that any product landed on her not the wall behind her or the floor. James face was screwed up more in pain from his sore penis rather than ecstasy from the girls massage. More in the manner of an engineer rather than a nurse the woman produced a bottle of some sort of cream and liberally applied it to the shaft as the girls hand slid the foreskin painfully back and forth.
It helped, and now James experienced both pain and pleasure as Emma followed orders and pumped hard at the swollen red penis. It took under a minute before the surge and inevitable ejaculation came as he shot all over her breasts.
Neither were allowed to clean themselves before it was the girls turn to orgasm. Emma, legs wide was resting her hands on the toilet seat and James was kneeling behind her with his face only inches from the cruel red and blue weals that crossed her pale buttocks. His only consolation was that the girl had been caned every bit as severely as himself. The Nurse spoke:
�You know what to do James, right or left hand between her legs ...it&#8217;s up to you...and give her a finger orgasm as quickly as you can!� 
He reached round her thigh with his left hand and gently prised the vulval lips apart, then reached between her legs with the right and introduced his fingers to her already swollen clitoral area. Even his wife had commented favourably on his manual dexterity and this girl was to be no exception. She soon started to sag at the knees then move her hips in rhythm with his finger movements as she silently clenched a few times and clearly reached her orgasm.
�James, you go back to Mrs Cordell and you Emma, clean yourself up first and then follow him.� Ordered the Nurse.
Mrs Cordell was waiting for them both. To the pairs unease, she held the acrylic cane in both hands.
�I will now repeat the five strokes of the cane which you will both take without undue movement. I am well aware that your buttocks are already somewhat sensitised and as these strokes will be laid across the earlier ones it will be quite&nbsp; a challenge for you to accept them, especially as they are being inflicted for no reason other than I need to hurt you to assess your obedience. You will be first girl so bend over as before with your back parallel to the floor and legs wide apart.�
She did and could be seen visibly trembling as Mrs Cordell took up position. James could hardly believe that this woman was about to thrash this defenceless girl purely to see how she reacted...but she certainly did. All the strokes slashed agonisingly down across the same band that the earlier ones had. Despite her shrieks and violent shaking she managed to take them and was allowed to change places with James.
He was mystified as to why she had not simply laid on all the strokes in one beating. Why had he been milked half way through? The thoughts were soon eclipsed by the pain of the first stroke. It was unbelievable and seemed worse than the original ones. At the third he was unable to control himself and his hands went to his rear to protect and massage the area hoping to reduce the pain somewhat. He realised his error and took his hands away but too late. Instead of laying the cane on again and even adding more for the lack of control, Mrs Cordell simply returned to her notes and scribbled for several seconds.
He could not believe that the assessment was over...but it was. Mrs Cordell told them both to dress, and in James case to ask the Nurse to refit his restrainer and return to their homes. She would be submitting a full report to their spouses and would give no hint of how well either of them had done. Something told James that in his case, things had not gone at all well.

The week passed surprisingly normally for James. His wife made sure that he was kept busy and Mrs Brady continued to supervise the work in the ladies changing room with her usual unsmiling thoroughness. He also had a fair amount of intimate laundry to wash but at least he was learning to carry out this task to the housekeeper&#8217;s satisfaction. Unfortunately she did find fault with his work in the boot room where, in her opinion, a pair of his wife&#8217;s riding boots were polished to a less than satisfactory shine. This required him to strip below the waist, sit with legs wide and feet on two chairs whilst she used one of the wooden spoons to impress the need for hard polishing on his inner thighs. At least she left his backside alone which was still heavily bruised from Mrs Cordell&#8217;s attentions.

The marks from the spoon were still sore and vivid but the marks of his caning were almost faded when Friday came round again. His wife told him that she had a dinner date and that the scheduled Friday beating would have to wait until she returned around 10pm. He was almost relaxed about the event as he had taken great efforts not to incur and further penalties from when he had been assessed and as the report had yet to arrive he felt fairly confident.
...until there came a knock at the door, just after 7pm. It was a special delivery and James was asked to sign. As he did so he saw the logo on the thick envelope and realised that it was from the assessment centre. He placed it on the hall table where he knew his wife would find it when she came in and....waited.
By 9.45 he was stripped down to his punishment pants and at attention at the door to the discipline room awaiting his wife. It was some forty minutes later when he heard her come into the house and was horrified to realise that she had company, male company. They spent some time, probably having coffee before his wife approached and spoke to him. She was dressed casually but clearly to impress her date with a tight fitting designer dress that showed her figure to the full. She carried the letter that had been delivered earlier in the evening.
Had James spent the night opposite her at the dinner table he knew what he would be hoping for when she invited him back to her place and doubted that this male companion felt differently.
�Well James, a little delayed this evening but we can now deal with your weekly routine beating for which you will have a witness tonight. I discussed you and your behaviour with my dinner date and he has expressed a wish to see how I deal with you. I think you know him but obviously I require you to display an adequate level of respect to him and address him as �Sir� at all times.
James could not believe that she would subject him to such an abuse and humiliation, but what choice did he have. He knew that he would just have to remain respectful and servile in the hope that things would not develop along the many lines that kept flashing through his head. The thought of having another male watch him being ritually punished would be hard to bear.
Just then he heard footsteps behind him and realised that they had been joined by the male. A voice behind him added considerably to his feelings of humiliation.
�Well Mr Hough, we meet again�.
The man moved to stand in front of James who was still rigidly at attention. James did indeed know him, he was at one time one of his employees and someone that he had a real problem in dealing with mainly because of his youth, good looks, athletic build and rather superior attitude. It had reached a level where James had fired him from his job as a Junior Executive and he had done so in the most humiliation way in front of the other employees to teach him a lesson.
�I hear that you are here to be punished, so I have asked your wife if I might be allowed to observe. Afterwards Jayne and I will be spending the night together as you will no doubt be in no fit state to carry out your marital duties.�
Turning to speak to Jayne he asked where the marks were that she had told him about over dinner. Without any hesitation Jayne told him to remove his punishment panties and to stand legs apart and hands on head for inspection. The tone in her voice encouraged no debate or argument. James removed his ridiculous panties and took up the position.
The male sniggered in amusement and stood directly in front of James looking him up and down then circling him to see the marks and bruises. He pointed to his crotch and asked if the device locked to his genitals was uncomfortable. Looking straight ahead James said that it was. The young male picked up immediately on his lack of respect.
�Sorry Jayne, but I thought he had been told to call me �Sir�, perhaps he needs to be reminded of his new status in my presence with a dose of one of these implements that you have told me about.�
Jayne looked at the now wretched James. �As usual James you seem to insist on learning the hard way by failing to obey me.�
She opened the door to the basement punishment room and led her boyfriend and James in.
�He is due for his weekly beating with the paddle� she said to the younger man whom she addressed as Harry. She selected a medium weight split strap from the rack. �I think using the strap should provide a contrast and get the message home about treating you with respect. Have a feel of the implement and tell me how many strokes he will need.�
Harry was grinning from ear to ear as he held the strap and stared at James. 
�I would say that anything less than a dozen hard ones on the bare would be a waste of time Jayne.�
Naturally, no one asked James for his view. He stood there in the inspection position realising that he was about to be severely hurt by his wife just to feed her new boyfriends sadistic fantasy. And that there was nothing he could do about it other than to accept the pain as best he could.
He was soon bent over the leather caning bench with his body at right angle to his spread legs and his hands gripping the supports. He heard his wife slip off her high heeled shoes and kick them to one side before taking up a position to his left. The first stroke of the strap demonstrated that she was out to impress her boyfriend. It certainly impressed James as it lashed down on the same area as the cane had just days before. She gave all twelve strokes at full force and within a narrow four inch band. He did his best not to show just how much they hurt but his gasps and squirming were enough to indicate the level of pain.
Within seconds he was back in the inspection position in front of the boyfriend who stared again at his plastic covered penis.
�I will ask you once more Hough...is it uncomfortable?�
�Yes Sir, it is Sir� snapped back James.
Jayne then seated herself on one of the leather surfaces and opened the bulky envelope and took out the many pages and photographs that it contained. She scanned through the sheets and arrived at what must have been the summary. She read it carefully shaking her head in disbelief at the comments. As she did so she handed several of the sheets and photographs to Harry who also took a seat and studied them carefully, with his eyebrows frequently raised in surprise at what he saw.
�So James, you must have thought that your assessment was some sort of fun exercise. Mrs Cordell was unbelievably unimpressed with the levels of obedience and acceptance of discipline that you showed. Your selfish attitude also carried over into your ability, or lack of ability in providing personal service to her lady assistants. On each section you were awarded marks consistently below the minimum standard that she requires. Her concluding remark seems to sum it up: �This specimen will require several periods of both strict training and severe punishment before I will even consider spending more time on his assessment. I fear that your kindness to him under your training has resulted in a truculent attitude, a feeling of superiority and a total lack of respect for females in general. I trust and hope that you will follow my enclosed recommendations for his much needed training in obedience, service and discipline.�
She carefully retrieved the page in question but decided not to read it all to James believing that the recommendations would be more effective if they came as a surprise. The first item was that he should undergo a severe thrashing so that he would be aware of the effects of a real, professionally inflicted punishment such as were awarded in the Correctional Centres. As the assessment had revealed that he tended to accept the cane more easily before an ejaculation than after which could well indicate a slight interest in the sexual aspects of punishment. It would be prudent to arrange a thorough milking just before the thrashing to ensure he felt the full benefit without the pain being diminished in any way by any endorphin effect.
She then read the name of a lady who specialised in such punishments with her contact details. It emphasised that this was a most serious solution but one that would change his attitude to one that Jayne would find more acceptable. Jayne realised that it was rather late to call the lady for an appointment but resolved to be on the telephone to her first thing in the morning in the hope of getting an early appointment to start James&#8217;s obviously overdue training.
The pages concerning his assessments in personal service did not surprise her as he had already failed to demonstrate a really effective amount of effort with herself. There were recommendations on that type of training but also the suggestion that he should attain a basic level of fear for female authority first that only a formal and severe punishment could achieve.
Turning her attention back to James she pointed out that her presence was required by her male friend in what had been their bedroom, however, she would first have to administer his routine beating to prevent any backsliding by him from his already less than satisfactory standard of behaviour.&nbsp; She ordered him over the caning horse as he had been just a little earlier. This time she used the restraining straps and buckled them tightly around his upper spread thighs, over his back and around his arms and wrists.
She explained to Harry that this would be 40 strokes of the heavier leather covered paddle, given good and hard. He asked what allowance would be made for the previous strapping and was told that repeated beatings to the same area were not of any concern to her. After all, if the area was somewhat tender, it would be up to James to behave in a way that would not attract further chastisement. She explained that normally she spread the strokes evenly over his buttocks but tonight she would concentrate 20 in the same area of each cheek to get the message home as to&nbsp; how displeased she was with his assessments. Hence the need to secure him. Without embarrassment she then pulled up her skirt to the waist exposing her stockings and panties, climbed up on the horse facing James&#8217; rear and sat astride him...and commenced the beating. 
She started on his left cheek with an area low down that encroached on his upper thigh. It was not a large paddle and she certainly brought it down hard each time, with a blow every five seconds or so. Almost immediately James began to gasp, then moan as he squirmed impotently against his restraints. The pain was still building when she had finished the last stroke on his right cheek and was climbing off... assisted by Harry.
She pulled her skirt back into place and still panting from the exertion, unstrapped the now shaking male. Having apologised to Harry for being, as she put it, a little warm and sweaty, she went into a clinch with him with noisy kissing right in front of her husband. When they broke for air she told James to go up to her bedroom, turn down the large bed and to make sure that there were adequate tissues either side of the bed.&nbsp; Having done that he was to go to the drinks cabinet and pour two large red wines for them and bring them back up to the bedroom.
James, buttocks burning and throbbing rushed to obey. By the time he got back with the drinks the door was closed and he could hear the sounds from within. Timidly he knocked and was told to enter by his wife. 
She was on the bed, covered by the bedclothes. Harry&#8217;s head and shoulders were visible and from the look on his face his intimate parts were receiving the sort of oral worship that Jayne had always refused to give James. He had no choice other than to stand at attention clutching the drinks tray with the full wine glasses and bottle awaiting his next order.
Eventually Jayne appeared above the sheets licking her lips and told him to hand them the wine. He had to stand with his knees touching the side of the bed to be able to reach over and place the glasses first in Jayne&#8217;s hand and then her friends. 
When doing this he was all too aware that he was naked and with his inferior position only too highlighted by the cruel restrainer that was causing him almost as much pain as were his still throbbing buttocks. As he started to move away from the bed the male, looking at Jayne for her approval, told him to remain pressed against the bed so that he had a full, close and complete view of his naked wife sprawled out in front of him.
Jayne smiled her agreement as she sipped generous gulps from the glass then placed it back on the tray. She then spread her legs apart and started to stroke her sex with her fingertips provocatively waiting for Harry to finish his drink. James face demonstrated the pain that this sexual teasing was causing his restricted penis but rather than achieving their sympathy, this was clearly acting as a turn-on to both of them. She then leant over Harry and reaching out, started to gently play with the plastic device causing even more internal pressure to her husband making him bend at the waist to reduce the tension in his groin.
�What a pity you can&#8217;t join in James� she purred. �It seems really sad that Harry here will be having all the fun and you will be having all the discomfort. It looks as if that chastity device is really living up to the promises that the lady made about it making it really uncomfortable for you to have sexual thoughts...do stand up straight...it can&#8217;t be that bad surely! Perhaps I should send for Mrs Daly to give it a really thorough scrubbing to take your mind off what we will be doing in the next hour or so. And that reminds me�....she added with a sweet smile: �I have plans for you tomorrow and she will certainly need to give you a really good cleaning beforehand so off you go to get a good night&#8217;s sleep for now and then report to her at 1pm for a milking and scrubbing ready for what will happen later. Leave the drinks tray. You are dismissed!�
James exited the room that could only now be a place of humiliation and pain for him and, having attended to his toilet requirements, climbed into his narrow hard bed pondering on what on earth she had planned for him. Instinctively he realised that it probably had something to do with his assessment but what it could be he could not imagine.
...which was perhaps, just as well.

It was late in the morning until Jayne and her new boyfriend were up and about. James had already been obliged to put in three hours of hard slog working in the renovation of the old toilets under the supervision of Mrs Brady. Her standards were becoming higher by the week and a careless failure to clean behind one of the toilets resulted in James, sitting on the kitchen table with trousers off and legs splayed, receiving more painful beatings on the soft inner thighs. In turn, he was becoming hardened to such punishment and frustrated Mrs Brady by meekly accepting each whack with the large wooden spoon without undue complaint and above all...movement. Even so, a dozen on each thigh left his legs painful to even the touch of his coarse trousers. He knew that he would be seeing her later and when she dismissed him she reminded him of the fact that he would be meeting her in the kitchen at precisely One pm.
It was just before mid-day when he heard Jayne in her office on the telephone. The bell to summon him came a few minutes later when she was still engrossed in the Assessment report and the telephone call. He snapped to attention on the mat in front of the desk trying to ignore the ever present Harry. The main telephone discussion seemed to be about an appointment time and Jayne was both excited and relieved to hear that 5pm would be convenient for the person on the end of the line. Phrases overheard were �He will be delivered and collected of course�...�I fully accept that severity will be required� ...�Little point in my investing in further training until we have really established a total acceptance and fear of female authority,�...�...Indeed...indeed a thorough extraction will be necessary to bring the pain aspect fully home�.
None of this one sided conversation gave James anything other than a feeling of impending doom. But what could he do? He knew only too well that a word from his wife and his financial dishonesty would result in years in jail not to mention the loss of his outwardly luxurious lifestyle. Whatever she had in mind he would just have to accept as best he could.
She eventually replaced the telephone, made a few notes on the forms she had then looked up to address him:
�Well James, as a result of your appalling show under assessment I have accepted their advice and arranged for you to be sent for some professional training rather than leave it to Mrs Brady and myself. I am assured that at the end of this rather expensive training you will have a deep respect for all females and will be instantly responsive to all of their needs. It will take place over the next few weeks at various locations around the county. I am assured that it will be deeply unpleasant for you and you will need to summon all your reserves of courage to accept whatever they do to you without having yourself reported back to me for cowardly behaviour. I will be giving each lady involved in your training full and complete authority over you when in their care, with permission to discipline you in any way they consider appropriate at any time that you need it. From what I know of you I anticipate that you will require a very firm hand... until such times that you start to toe the line. Your first session will be this afternoon at 5pm with the lady that I have just been talking to. You will be delivered and collected by my driver as you may not be in too good a state to drive yourself back here. The session today will be to train you in how you will be punished during the rest of the course. Please don&#8217;t bleat that you haven&#8217;t committed any offence as this will be punishment without reason to let you appreciate the various techniques and levels that ladies in authority use. Off you go and report to Mrs Brady who will get you cleaned up and prepared for the appointment. I will be spending the rest of today with Harry here, but will have you report what happened when I see you in the morning. Dismissed!�
James was in a state approaching total panic. What in the hell was going to happen to him this afternoon? Who would be the woman that would have such total power over him and the authority to punish him just for the sake of it?&nbsp; What would happen on the other training days that she his wife mentioned? With all these thoughts rushing around his brain he went to the old kitchen where Mrs Brady was already waiting for him. 
Snapping to attention in front of the housekeeper he told her that he was there for a milking and a scrubbing as he had been instructed to do so by his wife. Mrs Brady was dressed for a&nbsp; day off in a tight blouse and dark slacks rather than her duties as housekeeper and was clearly not pleased by being detained to attend to James&#8217;s needs. She ordered him to strip and when he was standing at his usual present position in front of her extracted the key from a drawer and leant over to unlock the restrainer padlock. As she pulled the component parts away from his body then penis he felt a great surge of relief even though he thought it would not be for long. 
His penis, around the rear of his exposed glans was red and very sore due to the constant pressure from the plastic spikes every time his organ swelled in the least. If Mrs Brady had noticed she certainly didn&#8217;t comment or make allowances and soon had him on all fours on the large wooden table with his head well down. She took down the small polished copper saucepan that he had to keep burnished and she always used for his �collections� and placed it under him, then donned a heavy pair of ridged rubber gloves. Before she started she gave him the usual reminder that this would be made as unpleasant as possible then took a tube of some ointment from a draw. Having placed a goodly helping on the gloved fingers of her right hand she put the tube near his head so that he could read the label. It was some form of cream to removed dead and hard skin from ladies feet. As his foreskin was pulled even further back and the cream was applied to his glans and the exposed shaft he realised that it contained abrasive granules that would, with friction, cause his penis more pain.
She reached between his parted thighs with her right hand and pulled his foreskin down to cover his glans, then without any comment, started her firm rhythmic pumping of his now engorged penis. Without the cream, the area where his shaft met his glans would have been painfully sore to the touch. With the addition of the scouring ointment and with the firm grip that she always used on him, the pain became intense. Despite this, the regular pumping action was still sexually stimulating and his erection remained in place with his involuntary movements of his pelvis disclosing a certain strange pleasure. Her left gloved fingers moved around the front of his left thigh to grasp his dangling scrotum in a gentle grip.
It was some days since his last forced milking and it didn&#8217;t take Mrs Bray more than a couple of minutes before he dutifully spurted into the saucepan. He groaned in appreciation hoping that she would then stop the pumping action which now only caused pain rather than any pleasure.
She did not. If anything she increased the rate of pumping and held his still erect penis in a firmer grip. Her left fingers increased the pressure on his testes to the level of pain and she leant on his back with the firm pressure of her large constrained breasts pressing into him.
He tried gasping and flinching against the assault but this was her demonstration of how she would make the event as unpleasant as possible. He had felt the pleasure and now he must pay the price. It went on for some minutes until she tired from the effort and releasing his genitalia, stood up.&nbsp; She ordered him to an upright position on his knees then, grasping his deflating organ, pushed the foreskin fully to the rear exposing him to her inspection. He could not help but look down. The whole shaft was reddened and even throbbing. The gritty paste had added greatly to the soreness caused by the restrainer prongs and there was a dull ache in his scrotum where she had gripped him.
�Painful isn&#8217;t it James.� She casually remarked running her gloved tips over the tender parts. �You can thank yourself lucky that I don&#8217;t insist on two milkings this afternoon but I have been told that you need washing before reporting for training later. You won&#8217;t be having the restrainer put back on until you arrive back here later tonight so you will have a period of freedom...not that it looks capable of anything other than throbbing for a few hours. Go into the ladies changing rooms and take a thorough shower, then dry yourself and change into casual clothes. You will then wait in your room until the driver arrives at 4pm for your journey. You have a few hours to think about what might happen during your training which 
your wife has hinted will result in a great improvement in your attitude. I will see if it has when I refit your restrainer on your return.�
James spent a nervous few hours lying on his small bed. He had no idea what would be happening other than the Assessment day had something to do with it. He gently felt his buttocks and hoped that their tenderness following last night&#8217;s beatings would not be made worse.
At the appointed hour he was waiting for the driver who greeted him politely being just about the only member of staff who hadn&#8217;t been informed of his new status. The drive was for nearly an hour and not receiving any encouragement to talk from James, was carried out in silence.
He was dropped off in the street of large white town houses that has obviously housed the upper classes for many years. He climbed the flight of stone steps and stood in front of the imposingly large blue painted door ringing the door bell. Following a pause the door was opened by a tall fair haired girl in her mid-twenties dressed in a form of school girl uniform of skirt, blouse and tie. James muttered his surname and remembered to add a polite �Miss�. To his surprise the girl gave a wide grin and invited him inside leading him along through a large hallway into a small reception room. She indicated that he was to sit one side of a small table and she sat on the opposite side. She introduced herself:
�My name is Anna ...but you had better call me Miss Anna in this place. It&#8217;s my job to prepare you for what is to happen later. Now Hough, has anyone told you what you are here for?�
He replied that no one had, which seemed a cause of some regret to the girl.
�Oh dear...then I will have to break the bad news...you see your wife has agreed to Madam McKenzie, who owns this house, giving you what she calls an �Introductory�.&nbsp; Now I read from your file that you already receive Maintenance Beatings...well Madam will lay on a more severe thrashing to make you totally aware of the authority of females and what will happen should you fail any part of your training that you now have scheduled. I had better warn you that this will probably be worse than anything you have experienced so far and indeed is designed to be. Whether you will have to come back for further punishments will be up to you but I truly believe that you will do everything to avoid such a return visit. I have to tell you that Madam believes that the cane is the best implement to use, that you will be naked and that there will be witnesses that you cannot object to. Basically Hough...this is going to be hell for you, but if you accept it with anything less than total obedience, Madam can...and will...make it far worse for you. Do you have any questions?�
�When will it happen Miss?� he enquired respectfully.
�In around an hours time, but first I have been told that I have to perform a certain service on you. You see the form completed by your owner has the box ticked that requires you to be milked before the beating. This is to ensure that there is no sexual endorphins in your system that would make the beating seem less severe. I&#8217;m sorry...I know it will be humiliating for you, but it has to be done and done really thoroughly until you are really drained. I will do my best to make it as pleasant as possible for you as I know just how you must feel.�
The look on James&#8217;s face indicated that he thought this comment was just so much mock sympathy. Anna stood up with a look of annoyance. �Why do you think I am wearing this silly uniform James? You are not the only one that Madam has here for training.�
Without any embarrassment she turned, raised her schoolgirl skirt and pulled down the large pair of dark green uniform panties. Her buttocks and upper thighs were a mass of heavy bruising, most of which were in horizontal stripes. James did not need to be told that she had been thrashed as severely as he was about to be.
She explained: �This happened three days ago so I&#8217;m still damned sore. My owner/husband authorised it so I just had to accept it without question. Believe me...it hurt like hell and no one offered any sympathy. It&#8217;s something that people like us just have to learn to accept and work through. For me the humiliation was nearly as bad as the pain. Madam McKenzie has made sure that the frame to which you will soon be strapped with your backside up in the air exposes the victim and leaves nothing to the imagination...particularly a female like me. You just know that her audience are staring at your most embarrassing bits and you just have to blush and accept it. Afterwards, even when the pain was still peaking, I was more concerned about the rough handling that the people were encouraged to do as they �examined� the punished area with their fingers.�
She replaced her panties and skirt. �Let&#8217;s get the milking over them Hough. Follow me please.� She led him down the stairs into the basement area. They walked passed a door from behind which he could hear voices. Miss Anna screwed up her face and whispered with some disgust that they were the witnesses starting to assemble. They entered a white painted room with a sink and toilet and she closed the door behind them.
She then asked if he had been milked before and when he mentioned Mrs Brady&#8217;s ministrations he had to explain, in detail, what she had done and how she made the event as unpleasant as possible. Anna smiled and told him that he would find her methods more than pleasant and told him to strip and lay back on a medical type raise bed with covered in a white sheet. She turned her back as he stripped and donned a pair of blue latex gloves. As she turned back towards him she told him to lay flat with his legs wide to give her the necessary access. She then reached over and gently held his slowly erecting penis with her left hand. She slowly pushed his foreskin down to expose him and gasped with horror at the state of his glans, red and sore from the recent attentions of Mrs Brady. Wincing, James explained how it had been caused by the cruel restrainer he had to wear and the abrasive cream that had been used for his earlier milking.
James wasn&#8217;t used to receiving kindness from a female and was most touched and relieved when Anna produced some cold soothing ointment and proceeded to rub it in to the raw skin. It soon had the secondary effect of hardening his penis which Miss Anna found amusing rather than offensive.
�I have to prove that I have milked you Hough, so when you spurt it will have to be in the glass jar so make sure you don&#8217;t miss.� She then lightly held his scrotum in her left hand and then started to slide her right gloved hand up and down his shaft greatly aided by the slippery cream. 
She certainly knew what she was doing. Long strokes were mixed with short ones than concentrated on the glans. All the time she was watching him for signs of approaching success and when the time came increased her hand action considerably until his back arched, a long groan came from his lips and with the jar in place whilst she continued pumping, his ejaculate was collected. She then firmly squeezed the length of the shaft until all the sperm had been extracted, scraped the glans with the rim of the jar to collect the last drops and moved away from him.
There was another surprise for James. Anna picked up what was obviously a house &#8216;phone and spoke to �Madam� explaining that the milking had been done and would she care to inspect him. As the answer was yes she quickly put the &#8216;phone down and told him to stand with legs apart and hands on head for her arrival.
It took just two minutes for the door to open and in she walked. She was in her early forties, short with heavy hips and a pronounced bosom, dressed in a white shirt with long sleeves, a short black skirt and her dark hair in a long pigtail hanging down her back. Her face was not unattractive but was devoid of any humour. Her large eyes were gray and stared menacingly at her next victim. She picked up the sample jar and spoke to Miss Anna.
�Are you sure you have collected it all girl?� she enquired.�I don&#8217;t want any embarrassing stiffies when he is paraded before my guests and most importantly I want him to feel the full force of the caning.�
With that she placed the jar on the side bench then suddenly grabbed James&#8217;s flaccid penis with her hand. �Any life left in this thing boy?� she demanded. James managed to control his fear and stammer �N..no Madam McKenzie!�
�We shall see...we shall see.� With that she ordered Anna to remove her tie and school shirt. The girl looked amazed but rapidly did as she was told taking up the same position as James but facing him. Her white bra provided some privacy but still left her breasts partially exposed to his view. Anna blushed deeply in sheer embarrassment. 

�Right Hough, you have my permission to handle this female&#8217;s breasts as much and as hard as you want. You will start by removing her brassiere. And you girl....will accept this treatment...unless you want another dose of the cane!�
James was initially frozen to the spot not believing what he was hearing. He looked at Anna who&#8217;s face was now crimson. She looked down at the floor and said just two words: �Do it!�
He went behind her, unclipped the fastener and allowed the bra to fall down from her breasts as she obligingly lowered her arms. They were not overlarge but firm and pointed with large pink aureole and pronounced nipples that rapidly erected as the cold air of the room hit them. He started by squeezing the nipples in each hand then placing a hand under each one lifted and joggled them as if to assess their weight. He had been doing this for a couple of minutes, and greatly enjoying himself when he was ordered by Madam to stand back and resume his original position. Madam reached out and grasped his now rigid penis.
 �So girl, you have fully milked him!� she snorted in disgust. �When I have a male milked he is supposed to be incapable of erecting for several hours. You will resume his milking and this time, do it thoroughly. I want him ready for my guests to inspect in thirty minutes. Should you fail to extract a sensible amount of fluid I will simply substitute you for the boy on tonight&#8217;s punishment display.�
As she stormed out of the room Anna glared at James. �You stupid idiot, are you deliberately trying to get me thrashed again? I will certainly milk you now and without mercy so get back up on the table!�
She started her pumping without another word or any hesitation and it was as furious as she was, believing that she now faced more caning as a result of his lack of control. Her compassion for him and his upcoming punishment had all but evaporated. Either she produced evidence of his draining or she was for the same treatment. James was surprised how short a time it took. Perhaps it was the harsh rubbing of her clenched fist, perhaps it was the sight of her still bare breasts joggling and swaying just inches from his face. Whatever the catalyst was he spurted for the third time that afternoon and it was only Anna&#8217;s quick reaction with the jar that caught it.
Anna now gave every indication of her desperation to avoid more of the cane. She continued to pump, now extremely painfully for James in the hope of extracting more evidence for Madam. She even told him to reach up and hold her breasts in the hope that more stimulation would return the lost erection. Eventually she gave up, cleaned the area around his genitalia and called Madam on the house &#8216;phone to tell her that he was now ready.
Madam McKenzie strode in, checked the specimen jar and pointed out to Anna that the real test would be whether the male displayed any form of erection when he was presented to the witnesses. She had no doubt that once she started to cane him sexual excitement would now be impossible. She gave James a cursory inspection around his genitals and produced a steel bucket telling him that from what she had read in his wife&#8217;s report about his lack of bladder control, he had better relieve himself before punishment. Knowing that a refusal would make the situation incredibly worse, James forced himself to overcome his natural inhibition to urinate in front of two females and released himself noisily into the bucket which he then place on the floor.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
She then told Anna to replace her bra and school uniform and for both of them to follow her.
They were taken into a large room that clearly doubled as the TV room for the house. James, ordered to stand naked at the present position facing the audience tried not to look at what was obviously a punishment frame made out of steel tubes with padded leather supports for various parts of the body. Sitting around in comfortable chairs were three couples in their early twenties up to their fifties. Clearly valued friends of Madam they listened intently as she spoke.
�Thank you all for giving up your valuable time to attend as witnesses. You will no doubt recognise the female, albeit from a less embarrassing angle than when you last saw her on the punishment frame.� A soft titter of amusement went round the room. �As you know she was caned at the request of her husband in the hope of improving her general behaviour which I hear it has. I thought that you would be prepared to have her here tonight for two reasons. Firstly she has been used to thoroughly milk this male to ensure that there was no residual sexual interest in being beaten but also so that you could see the natural progression of the extensive bruising that was a necessary result of her thrashing. You went to great lengths to examine her weals and ridges that the cane creates and now you can see the results after just three days. She tells me that the bruising is still rather tender to the touch, but you can disregard that information if you feel that it will prevent you from carrying out a thorough inspection. Strip girl, leave your clothes on that stool and mount the frame.�
Anna stood routed to the spot. She had been given no notice that she would again be humiliated by the group and that she would have to strip in front of them. Her face was bright red and her jaw hanging open in shock. It was only a further sharp command from Madam that made her move. Mechanically she removed her tie, shirt and skirt then her bra and slid her school type knickers to the floor. Madam interrupted the stripping to tell her to leave the heavy school stockings and garter belt in position. She then climbed slowly on to the frame. It required her knees to be well spread with her upper body stretched out to enable her lower arms to lay on their respective supports that were somewhat lower. This had her hips and buttocks as the highest part of her body and not only sticking skywards but obscenely spread so that the hairy anal cleft and vulva were totally exposed. Her breasts hung under their own weight jiggling with every movement she made .A discreet light in the roof somewhere lit the intimate area so that not a hair root, wrinkle or blemish could go unnoticed.
Madam then asked if any of the witnesses would care to carry out an inspection of the girl to fully appreciate how effective the punishment they had witnessed had been. The young couple stood up and approached. The male eagerly placed his hands on the buttocks and rubbed the bruised areas vigorously making Anna squirm. The girl, a rather superior looking chubby brunette by the name of Miss Callum&nbsp; took a pair of latex gloves from the box on the nearby table and, having donned them, also stood close to the displayed female.
�When you gave us that most informative talk on administering corporal punishment you mentioned that some receivers display signs of sexual interest during the floggings Madam. May I check this person for any signs?�
The girl knew full well that the form completed by Anna&#8217;s husband had been thoroughly ticked in all the boxes that indicated how his wife was to be treated. Items such as �Own sex handling� and both the verbal, handling, exposure and duties under the �Humiliation� section were ticked. As many of these experiences as possible would need to be forced on the female to keep her owner satisfied with the way she was treated. From the continuing deep blushing of the girls face that extended down to her breasts, this particular humiliation had been selected by her husband because of her fear of such procedures.
Madam assured the witness that a penetrative check would be in order but perhaps they should all first see the video of her thrashing that was taped at the request of the girl&#8217;s husband. She was ordered to stand next to James and in the same position, then they were both told to face the large projection screen as the lights dimmed and the video commenced.
Anna was seen being escorted into the room by Madam McKenzie and was soon strapped down over the frame with the cameras, hidden in the roof and walls of the room, taking in the indecent display of her intimate areas. Madam produced a long cane that was to be the instrument of her correction and this was handed round witnesses for their examination and approval. Finally the cane was handed back to a young male who had appeared and seemed to be an assistant. Having swabbed Anna&#8217;s buttocks thighs and cleft with a large wet swab of some sort he ran the length of the cane through the swab as part of some antiseptic procedure.
Madam then grasped the cane, flexed it between her hands several times, took up a position to the rear and left of the girl and raised the cane back over her right shoulder bringing it down in a whistling arc to strike across the upper part of the stretched buttocks. Anna could be heard to gasp and she strained in a futile way against the straps that held her to the frame. Madam had clearly carried out such thrashings many times before and made each stroke count with around thirty seconds between each one to allow the pain to be absorbed. The strokes gradually made their way down the buttocks until the last four of the fifteen stroke flogging were laid, with some difficulty because of the wide spread, across the tops of the thighs. The witnesses then came forward to carry out a visual and tactile inspection of the still trembling buttocks and thighs. Anna could be heard sobbing as various hands and fingers were run over the swelling ridges often making the pain worse. The edited video then ended with the area being swabbed down by the male assistant.
Anna was ordered to take up the position on the frame once more and Madam McKensie told the female witness to carry out such examinations that she considered necessary.
She started by slowly cupping her left breast in the purple latex gloves and gently lifting and swaying the weighty item. Then, to emphasise the victim&#8217;s vulnerability she dragged her finger tip down the exposed anal cleft from the top to the split of the vulva. Next she toyed with the brown wrinkled anus, firstly gently rubbing a finger tip around the rim and then suddenly jabbing the finger tip at the very centre making the girl gasp and thrust her hips away. Then, slowly but firmly, she used her fingers to part the girls outer secret lips and then inserted two fingers into the opening. 
It seemed to hurt the girl and she emitted a whispered whimper at the intrusion but knew better that to object to this crude violation. Her husband had permitted any female contact and she would just have to accept it or face worse punishment.
Eventually, after much probing and twisting the gloved fingers were withdrawn and Miss Callum, carefully inspecting the gloved fingers of her hand announced that she could see no indications that the girl had found any sexual satisfaction from watching the video of her beating. Anna, with tears running down her cheeks from the humiliation,&nbsp; was told to take up the same position as James and next to him.
Madam McKenzie spoke:
�Thank you for your patience ladies and gentlemen. We now move on to the main event for today which will be carrying out this male&#8217;s wife&#8217;s request that he be given a beating that he will not wish to have repeated. If you, Miss Callum would take a seat next to the punishment frame I will be asking you to carry out regular checks of this male for the slightest level of sexual arousal during the session. He has, I am assured, been thoroughly milked but one cannot assume that he has had all the male semen drained.
This beating is just part of a long training course for this male during which he will be taught total obedience to female authority. As well as having to accept the application of punishment by any female put in charge of him, he will also have to reach a high standard of personal service to any female that he finds himself in the company of. Any ideas that he has any choice to whom he offers servitude to or any choice in the nature of that servitude will be either trained or beaten out of him. The eventual standard of service ladies is that when fully trained, he will, without question or hesitation, obey any order that you might give him. He will always carry out any, shall we say more personal service, that you may find enjoyable to any area of your body and at any time or place that you decide. 
All the time he will, after this evening&#8217;s discipline, have in the back of his mind what will happen to him if he fails in any way to be obedient or does not comply with personal service to the standard the lady requires. He will, I can assure you, be very mindful of his need to show total respect to any lady.�
James was then ordered to mount the frame. He immediately felt and sympathised with Anna in the way his thighs were required to be widely spread and his back lowered so that his already bruised and sensitive buttocks were forced high in the air. He obviously could not see how he looked to the witnesses but could feel the cold air around his opened anal cleft and his dangling genitalia. The numerous restraining straps with their Velcro grips soon held him rigidly in place and saw Anna&#8217;s legs as she approached. The cold swab being applied to his skin made him gasp in shock especially when it was dribbled into his anal cleft and stung his exposed anus. Both his thighs were wiped removing any hope that they might not be struck.
Madam Mackenzie was heard to remove an implement from the wall rack and she then held it in front of his lowered face. It was a different one to the one used on Anna in that it looked a little meatier and slightly less flexible. It still bent as Madam flexed it under his nose.
�Take a good luck James�. She whispered. �I have selected a cane that you will really feel and come to respect as it will now be necessary to really hurt you. I have no objections to you vocalising the pain but I would warn you that if I hear any insults or obscenities coming out of your mouth you will be gagged and an extra set of strokes awarded. Extra strokes will also be awarded if Miss Cullum here detects any signs of sexual arousal.�
She stood back and held the cane out so that Anna could wipe it&#8217;s length with the antiseptic swab. She then took up a position to his rear and his left, with Miss Cullum taking a seat to his immediate right, she immediately reached under him and gripped his dangling scrotum firmly then his penis which she squeezed and pulled non too gently. With some difficulty she forced his foreskin back to expose the raw area which she continued to squeeze and pull hoping to achieve some inflation.
James heard the swish of the cane behind him microseconds before it struck across the top of his buttocks. It was harder than even the strokes he had been given during assessment and his immediate thought was how many like this would he receive. The pain of the thin weal hit him soon afterwards and caused as much fear as sheer pain itself. He knew only too well that he was now entirely at the mercy of this woman, he would be given as many strokes as she thought fit.&nbsp; There would be nothing he could do&nbsp; to change that in any way.

To be continued.
































 

















Chapter 64

Madame McKensie&#8217;s delivery of each savage stroke was accompanied by an exhalation of her breath and a feminine grunt of effort as he had only heard before in professional women&#8217;s tennis. After each group of four strokes she paused to get her breath back then re-commenced. She had just completed her third set when Miss Callum spoke from her position holding Hough&#8217;s penis.
�Madam,&nbsp; despite your efforts I can detect a slight enlargement of his penis. I thought that you would want to know.�
The last thought on Hough&#8217;s mind had been the state of his sore penis, he had been concentrating totally on absorbing the pain from each stroke and trying desperately not to scream or yell to vent his agony. He had been dimly aware of Miss Callum&#8217;s continual squeezing and pulling down of his member but the all consuming pain from the beating had removed any thoughts of deriving pleasure from the action. But it would seem that his appendage had thought differently.
As if inspecting a prize cow or bull, Madame rested her left hand on his back and leant down and looked underneath him. He was dimly aware of a scent of sweat from her shirt arm pit.
�Appalling and unbelievable as it may seem, but I think you may be right.� She responded.
�Girl...come here!�
With a sinking heart, Anna stood at attention in front of her. She knew that she would be held responsible for any tumescence on the male&#8217;s part. She did not need to be told that she would be in for a further thrashing for failing to milk him thoroughly...and she was.
First however Madam McKensie retrieved her mobile &#8216;phone and called a number mentioning to the audience that the call was to Anna&#8217;s husband. A brief outline was given of the girl&#8217;s offence and that Madam thought eight strokes with a light cane to be a suitable punishment. The reply differed with her assessment and having acknowledged the reply with the words; �Of course..of course...if you feel that would be too lenient I will naturally increase the beating to 12 strokes and I will use the same cane that I have been thrashing the male with.� There then followed what seemed to be instructions to Madam that mystified the wretched waiting girl. Madam readily agree with his new instructions and the &#8216;phone call was terminated leaving Anna horrified at the severity requested by her husband, but knowing that it would be inflicted to the letter.
Madam turned to the now trembling girl:
�You were given ample time to fully drain this male but you seem incapable of following orders. I warned you what would happen if he erected and he has. You will therefore receive a further dose of the cane. I don&#8217;t intend to delay his further punishment any more than I have to so climb up on his back and hold tight.�
Blushing with embarrassment, but also shaking with fear she stood on the whipping frame and mounted Hough as if she was going riding. She then laid on his back with her breasts pressing into his shoulders and gripped his upper arms tightly.
Hough felt her bristly pubic mound settle on the lower part of his back then the cold, damp and shaking upper body and breasts lay heavily on him. Her head was just beneath hers and he could feel her breath on the side of his face. His arms were held in a fierce grip that was painful even before the pain had started for her.
�I am fully aware that your buttocks are heavily bruised and somewhat sensitive girl, but that is not my concern. You are in this position because of your own stupidity. I won&#8217;t waste time swapping the cane for a lighter version such as I used yesterday. You will take the same one that I use of the male and will receive it just as harshly. You will take twelve strokes and should you try to avoid them...I will add many extras.�

There was a pause, a flurry of movement and the first stroke was laid on with the customary grunt of effort. The girl slid up his back and then back again with a loud yelp into his right ear. To the observers she was spread even more indecently than she had been on the bare horse. Hough&#8217;s wide back forced her thighs apart exposing her entire hair covered cleft. At any other time and without the strokes of the cane, the position might well have been erotic for her as her parted vulva was forced up and down the ridged backbone of the male.
It was a merciless thrashing. Six strokes were delivered at one minute intervals and soon had the girl sobbing uncontrollably. She perspired heavily from both fear and pain making her contact with his back wet and slippery.
Madam had a further step to enforce in her punishment. After the six strokes she was told to dismount from Hough, then stand between his arms facing his head. This placed her crotch at a level with his face and just inches from it. She was told to lay down along his back with her face just above his anal cleft with his wealed and bruised buttocks either side of her face.
Without warning Madam then pushed her face down hard so that her nose and mouth were forced on to the sweaty divide.
�And keep it there girl...at least it will muffle your incessant yelling!�
At each stroke the girl&#8217;s pubic mound was forced into Hough&#8217;s neck and her nose and mouth slid deep into his cleft. He would not have wished that the female suffer the same strokes as himself, but could not find their result anything other than erotic for himself.
By the time the final stroke fell across the girl&#8217;s spread buttocks, her tears and dribble were running freely down Hough&#8217;s cleft and she slid rather than climbed off his back. 
Twelve strokes down, how many to go he wondered knowing that his wife had given her full permission for him to be caned just as hard as Madam felt necessary. He was grateful for the securing straps preventing and lack of control and any attempt to avoid the pain that would have resulted in even more punishment.
It turned out to be just another eight strokes in two groups of four making twenty in all, but the way they were laid on with the cane being raised way over her shoulder made each group of four memorable to say the least. Several strokes were laid over the earlier weals and those that missed, easily found the earlier bruising from his wife&#8217;s strapping.
Both of the evenings victims then found themselves available for the inspection of the witnesses. They were ordered to stand, feet wide apart and grasp their ankles with Madam totally disinterested in just how painful it was to stretch the wealed skin on their buttocks to achieve that position.
Their buttocks and the tops of their thighs were unbelievably sensitive to the touch and the merest brushing of the guests fingertips over their fresh ridges was enough to make them flinch. Naturally, they didn&#8217;t stop at such contact and with the women using their sharp nails to scrape the ridges, they were both in some pain... in addition to the burnng and throbbing from the beating itself.
They were still in some after-pain when, fully dressed with Anna in the schoolgirl uniform, they were addressed by Madam.
I have spoken to both of your partners earlier this evening and made the following arrangements. You will both be taken back to Mrs Hough&#8217;s residence and will report to the housekeeper who has been given certain instructions on how you are to be treated and accommodated tonight. In the morning you will remain under the authority of the Housekeeper until 1000am when you will report to Mrs Hough&#8217;s bedroom and await her pleasure. I hope not to have to meet either of you again, but should you be sent back here you will find the punishments you have received in the last hours to be fairly mild compared with what you will receive on a second visit.
The Company car duly arrived and James and the girl climbed into the back relieved to find the soft leather seats. The journey home was in silence with neither of them wishing to satisfy the driver&#8217;s curiosity as to why they were so subdued and why Anna was dressed in the school girl costume.
Following orders from Mrs Hough the driver dropped them at the back door where a waiting Mrs Brady ordered them through to the old kitchen, that James knew only too well.
She soon had them standing at attention in front of her as she sat in one of the hard wooden chairs.
�I understand that you have both been for a training session that your respective partners have arranged. You are both to report to Mrs Hough at 1000am tomorrow and in the meantime I have been told to keep you both occupied as she is out on the town. As Hough here may have told you, he has been working on cleaning up this part of the house so that the local ladies fitness group can use it when exercising in the grounds. It is also where he carries out any domestic duties that his wife decrees. Tonight there is a backlog of laundry that needs attention&nbsp; You Hough will wash your wife&#8217;s and mine intimate items and you girl will hand wash Mrs Hough&#8217;s gentleman friend&#8217;s underwear who has kindly brought his weekly wash for your attention. I should advise you girl that I have high standards and you should not expect any leniency from me on account of any earlier punishments you may have received.�
The pair were therefore both surprised and relieved that Mrs Daly found no fault with their efforts scrubbing the less than pristine underwear they had been given. At around 10 pm said that she would get them bedded down for the night. James was pleased that she made no mention of refastening his restrainer,&nbsp; as his penis was still sore from the milkings that he had been forced to undergo.
She led them through to a large windowless store room that contained two single beds with blankets. She ordered them both to strip and making no comments on the state of their bodies. She then produced two dog collars to which were attached heavy chains. These were soon fastened around their respective necks with the end of the chain fixed to hooks in the wall next to the beds.. A Galvanised bucket stood under each bed for night time use and it was obvious that the chains would enable them to use the bucket but not make contact with each other for their mutual comfort let alone sexual contact.
There was little conversation between them. Anna was still fuming with indignation in the way she believed James had caused her to have another beating. They both spent a restless night with most positions proving to be uncomfortable with the coarse blankets chafing their tenderised skins.
Around eight am Mrs Brady unchained them and allowed them into the toilet and shower area. Both were still in pain from their bruised and sore backsides but the shower and soap helped, as did a light breakfast. They were however still obliged to dress in the creased and dirty clothes that they had worn for the visit to Madam McKensie.&nbsp; It was mid-morning when they were finally taken to the main lounge of the house and told to wait outside the door.
They could hear voices but were unable to hear what was being discussed. Eventually the door was opened by Harry who told them to stand in front of the large sofa as he took his seat there with Jayne and Anna&#8217;s husband.
The two stood at attention hoping against hope that they would not be subjected to more pain or humiliation. Jayne sniffed disapprovingly at their downcast and scruffy appearance.
I can but hope that you ,James , will now have a better attitude following Madame McKensies&#8217; efforts. I take it that she gave you a really thorough beating?
James mumbled his agreement.
Anna&#8217;s husband then took up the questioning:&nbsp; I have spoken to Madam MacKensie and she has told me about your lack of effort and the need to beat you twice. Before I make any further comment I will inspect your punishment area. Strip and present it to me girl.
With an embarrassed look at the other three people present Anna slowly removed her tie, shirt and skirt then exposed her breasts before turning away and slipping off her panties. She then stood with her back to them
�I really don&#8217;t believe this girl...you know perfectly well how to present for a buttocks inspection...now do it this instant �.
Anna immediately stood with legs wide apart and bent over to grip her lower legs which shamelessly displayed her wealed and bruised buttocks and revealed her hairy anal area and pouting parted vulva. 
He seemed satisfied with her position but still irritated that it had taken her so long to assume it.
He looked at Mrs Hough.
�I would normally punish her for such an error, but it seems that I should leave her buttocks until they have recovered before inflicting further punishment. Do you have any suggestions?�
Jayne looked at the girl, leant forward and ran her nails over the wealed and bruised buttocks and thighs.&nbsp; �I see your point, but I think that might be unduly lenient. It is entirely her own fault if she is stupid enough to earn more punishment before the marks of the earlier have faded. The sensitivity of the area will certainly increase the pain that she feels but, that in itself will be a valuable lesson for her to remember. On the other hand there is nothing to prevent you ordering a punishment to one of her many untouched areas such as her inner thighs. I understand from my housekeeper that my husband really hates that area being beaten and seems to find it rather uncomfortable, so may I suggest that I send her to the kitchens for Mrs Brady to lay on her wooden spoon to that area?�
With his agreement Mrs Hough pressed the servants&#8217; bell and Mrs Brady soon appeared.
�I&#8217;m afraid we have some more unpleasant work for you said Jayne. This gentleman requires that the girl here receive an inner thigh beating with your spoon. Would you take her and return her for inspection when you have done that please?�
�Certainly Madam� she replied and turning to the seated husband. �Just how severely do you want the girl punished Sir?�
�Well Mrs Brady, this is very much a repeat offence that she has been warned about on several previous occasions so I want her to really feel it. I don&#8217;t want her secured in any way but obliged to remain in position and accept the pain as it is inflicted. Don&#8217;t worry about bruising her but lay on a properly severe punishment... if you please.� And turning to the now thoroughly frightened Anna, �and I don&#8217;t want to hear of any complaints from this lady about you failing to obey her in any way otherwise I will forget my kindness to your buttocks and lay another thrashing in that area!�
Mrs Brady left with her charge having been told that they would join her in a few minutes when she had had time to prepare the girl.
Several minutes later the three owners stood, and ordering James to accompany them, walked through the house to the kitchens. James, having felt the spoon before had an idea on what to expect but even he was surprised. Anna had been told to lay on her back lengthwise along the large sturdy table with her bottom on the edge her thighs clear of the table and her lower legs and&nbsp; bare feet resting on two heavy chairs sitting back to back but well parted. She had removed her skirt and her less than pristine panties were displayed with the crotch stretched across her well parted thighs. Tufts of pubic hair were visible either side as the material failed to cover the entire spread crotch area. Despite her earlier shower a scent of sweat hung over the room partly from her soiled clothing and partly being generated from her nervous anticipation.
Mrs Brady handed the worn stained and heavy kitchen spoon to Anna&#8217;s husband for his inspection. He slapped it a couple of times against his palm and grunted that it seemed a little too lenient for his taste and emphasised that this was not to be a nominal infliction but one that would really hurt. He then leant over her spread and exposed thighs to move the chairs even further apart. He then looked down at the now shaking girl and told her that she would be expected to remain fully spread until she was told she could move and that any undue movement would result in a punishment by him. He then turned to Mrs Brady, gave her a brisk nod and stood back to observe.
She moved into position on the outside of Anna&#8217;s right thigh, raised the spoon and brought the back of it slapping down just above her knee with a loud splat. Anna was surprised just how much the stroke hurt, but managed to control her reactions to a low grunt.
Systematically Mrs Brady worked her way up the soft white inner thigh leaving ugly red blotches where the spoon had fallen. Each overlapped the previous and the last, almost touching the panty crotch made a total of six. She then walked around the two parted chairs and repeated the strokes on the inner left thigh.
She looked expectantly at Anna&#8217;s husband who then, without a word indicated to his wife that she was to move herself further up the table lifting her feet off the spread chairs.&nbsp; He then positioned her feet so that they just touched but with her knees well apart so that the legs were in a squatting position that fully displayed the reddened inner thighs.
�If you please Mrs Brady, lay on three strokes with the front of the spoon to each set of previous marks. You girl, will remain in position...or else!�
James knew the different feel of the edges of the front of the wretched spoon only too well. It concentrated the weight over a narrower area and when laid on to the earlier bruises would be hell to take.
It was.
Anna was soon in tears and as the second stroke hit she instinctively closed her legs drawing them up to her chest. There was total silence as she repositioned herself breaking the silence with a sobbed �Sorry Sir!� to her husband.
The same happened with the other thigh and though the full number had been laid on she remained spread knowing only too well that she would now have to pay the price for her disobedience.
�You have embarrassed me beyond belief girl. You can forget any leniency that your previous beatings might have earned and you can certainly expect a sound thrashing when we return home tonight. In the meantime I will bring you shortcomings to your immediate attention. Close your legs and bring them up to your chest...now part the knees and keep them bent.�
This position had the effect of displaying the pubic area as it bulged under the panty crotch with its divide clearly visible. He took the spoon from Mrs Brady.
�I will now lay six slaps across your genital area, three with the back of this spoon and three with the front. It is obviously going to hurt but you will keep your knees up and parted...otherwise I will start again. Your pubic hair and panties will offer you some protection but the way you normally gape in that area... it won&#8217;t be much.�
As he positioned himself to the side of the table her legs started to shake with fear and anticipation. She was not aware how Mrs Hough and her friend moved to the end of the table to have the better view of the infliction as her eyes were tight shut.
With each stroke her legs flexed and moved, but went back to the spread position. Each was laid on hard and the final three slapped into the swollen mound with even greater harshness. When told she could dismount she stood trembling with her legs wide apart to ease the throbbing from her outer and inner labia.
With permissive nod from her husband Anna replaced her skirt and then the party returned to the more comfortable area of the house for coffee served by Mrs Brady. Naturally, this service was not extended to the two errant spouses who were left standing at attention in front of the ones who were relaxed in their comfortable arm chairs.
Mrs Hough announced that she was leaving for the USA in a few days on an important business trip and that she would be taking her new boy-friend... but James would have to be left behind. She expressed her concern that whatever progress had been made in his training she was anxious that he not be allowed to slip back in any way. Anna&#8217;s husband, seemingly oblivious to the girl&#8217;s constant fidgeting as she tried to remain at attention despite the constant throbbing of her recent beating, remarked that he had used the services of a lady down in the West Country who offered a discrete service of that nature. She was fully conversant with the needs and methods of control and took on both male and females under discipline. Her fees were rather high but he had seen several of her �guests� including his own wife and could vouch for her dedication in maintaining the highest standards of obedience.
He went on to say that the good lady verged on the overly strict approach but better that than allow any backsliding. He offered to see if she could accept James and, taking his mobile &#8216;phone out, called her.
It seemed that she did indeed have a vacancy and so he passed the mobile to Mrs Hough who provisionally booked him in for the next day...so that he would have time to �settle in� and she could advise on any problems with him before she left.
Having confirmed that the lady, Miss Finch, was aware that he would require constant supervision and the strictest level of control, Mrs Hough agreed to complete the lengthy form that would shortly arrive in her email and cover all items from his allowed clothing, training weaknesses that needed extra attention, punishment and discipline guidelines, maintenance beating routine and schedules and all the other details that would be needed to ensure a productive stay for the hapless husband.
Having said their farewells to Anna and her husband, Mrs Hough and her boyfriend disappeared to her office to complete the forms required by Miss Finch. The first surprise was when Jayne read through Miss Finch&#8217;s extensive CV and found that following her initial employment as a travelling sales representative in correctional goods, she had formed her own company. She now specialised in the test and development of a wide variety of items for the use of those in employment in Correctional Centres as well as the many housewives and husbands who had taken up the challenge of disobedient spouses.
The form was in the multi-choice form where Jayne simply had to tick the boxes that most reflected her attitude and wishes. Should the overall level of discipline be (a) Nominal (b) Firm (c) Strict or (d) Harsh. Was any part of the body excused from the application of the appropriate pain? ...and if the answer was Yes, she was invited to state what areas were not to be punished.
It would have taken some time to complete the form in the best interests of James, but that was hardly her concern. She quickly ran he pen down the empty boxes so that a tick was placed against the far right column which would permit every facility offered by Miss Finch to be available to her and to the degree she though reasonable. This certainly included the section on �Personal service duties and training�. The area on Maintenance beatings was however ticked in detail as she wanted them to be just how she had already carried them out, plus a few other ideas that would help to make Friday nights memorable. In that way it would remind James that he was still under the distant control of his wife as well as Miss Finch.
James was woken by his alarm clock at 5am. As he had been instructed on the previous evening by his wife, he quickly visited the toilet, shaved and showered and walked out of what had been his own front door where one of the company cars were waiting.
He had been told not to take any personal items let alone luggage as his temporary owner would supply everything she thought he needed. He noted that the driver had been told not to enter into any conversation and soon hit the motorway system heading south-west. Despite the discomfort from his backside he did his best not to change position too often and attract the driver&#8217;s attention during what turned out to be a long journey.
There was one brief stop at a Motorway Service Centre for the toilets and then another long drive.
Eventually he was dropped outside an isolated and large old house with numerous outbuildings in the grounds. He walked up to the front door and pulled the knob set in the brickwork, hearing a bell clang in the distance. When nothing had happened he rang the bell again and after a minute or so the heavy oak door was opened by a well built lady in her late forties with her greying hair swept back in a formal bun and dressed in a business suit.
�James Hough reporting Ma&#8217;am he said nervously. The woman looked at him with total disdain and motioned him to enter.
Once the door had closed she looked earnestly at him, smiled and told him to close his eyes which he did. He didn&#8217;t hear her right palm as it was raised and brought swinging down to connect with his right cheek with a level of force that nearly knocked him over. Before he could react, her other hand had slapped into his left cheek with equal force.
�You never again use the front door Hough unless you are accompanying a lady of the house. I shall report you for this error believe me. You are here as a servant and nothing else and you had better remember that!�
Seething with anger she led him through to an office, told him to wait outside and, having knocked, went in closing the door behind her. It took a few minutes before the door opened and he was ushered in to a large well lit room with a large impressive desk. Behind it sat a thirties-something lady with long dark hair in a smart business suit.
She looked him up and down with disdain.
�My name is Miss Finch. You will be in my care until your wife sends for you again on her return from her business trip. I and my staff have been given total authority over you and you can expect to be disciplined as we consider necessary. All my staff are to be addressed as either Ma&#8217;am or Miss as they direct and will be totally respected and obeyed at all times. As well as my staff, and there are many ladies employed here, we have a squad of female prisoners seconded from one of the Correctional Centres that you may have heard about. You will see their two escorting wardresses who will also have authority over you and you should also realise that you are junior to and subservient to even the 12 female prisoners whom you will also address as Miss. I have read the reports from your Assessment and the other ladies and like your wife, I am far from convinced that you will learn the easy way so have instructed my staff to extend no leniency and to discipline you for any mistake that you make. You will have no right of appeal and should you try to question any orders or punishments that my ladies decide you need...you will deal directly with me�. 
�One further point: The business here is the design, testing and production of items for the State Correctional Centres and domestic use. This includes everything from prisoner uniforms, disciplinary items such as items of wear that will cause discomfort, humiliation and serve to establish the lowly status of the male or female prisoner and of course, a wide range of implements with which the policy of rigorous corporal punishment is inflicted. The female prisoners are here for the express purpose of being used for testing of all of our products and are therefore subjected to frequent experiments by my staff. You and they may consider the deliberate application of pain for such reasons to be unfair and illegal, but we have Government approval and, subject to the continuing approval of their visiting inspectors, we will continue to test our products to the full.
Your primary role here during the time your wife decides to leave you in our care will be to act as a general servant to any staff member, visiting wardress or even at times to any of the female prisoners. You will also spend time in our retail shop which caters for members of the public and supplements our extensive web page offering items that we produce. You may be required to help answer any queries that customers may have regarding their possible purchases for use on their male servants and finally, as we are a test and development site, you will be required to carry out trials on any products that are under test and are more suitable for the male application. In brief Hough, you will be used for whatever jobs we may wish and will be required to carry out all your tasks with the utmost effort and without complaint.
You should remember that you will be subjected to a strict disciplinary code for the slightest breach of any offence that one of my ladies might consider you have committed, so tread very carefully. My PA Mrs Eland will now take you for a uniform fitting and then find you your first task.
Dismiss!�
Shaken by all the implications of what might happen to him in this new situation, James carried out a smart about turn and marched off after Mrs Eland, who was already exiting the office.
He followed her down a series of corridors that held offices and what seemed to be a production factory and eventually arrived in a large retail shop. What chilled him to the bone was the rack after rack displaying the products that were for sale. One was devoted to bamboo canes of every size and severity with others devoted to straps, paddles and other instruments of punishment. Several mannequins displayed what seemed to be uniform type clothing for both male and females neither of which emphasised modesty in any form. There was a large wooden counter behind which stood an attractive lady in her late thirties with short fair hair and wearing a blouse and skirt. She was attending to an older lady wearing a tweed suit and sensible shoes who had laid a selection of riding crops on the counter to examine.
Mrs Eland waited patiently taking care not to distract the customer from her purchase. The lady spoke:
�I&#8217;m really spoilt for choice here. They are all slim and flexible so I need to choose the one that will sting without causing too much bruising.� Thoughtfully she gave two of them a practice swish. She eventually reduced her choice down to two crops, one brown in colour with a large tab at the tip and another black one somewhat thinner with a tassel of knotted cord at the tip. Both looked vicious items to James as he pondered their eventual victim&#8217;s reaction.
The lady assistant spoke:
�I think I can be of some help with your choice here Madam, since you haven&#8217;t brought your girl-servant with you why not try them out on one of our junior assistants?�
She turned to direct her voice to the entrance to the rear of the shop.
�Girl, get out here!� she commanded.
A tall female in her early thirties appeared dressed in a shirt, short skirt and stockings who was obviously the duty model for the shop. She was tall and well built with fair hair tied back in a tight bun. She had a look on her face of both fear and abject resignation.
�We have one of the Correctional Centre inmates on duty here in the shop as a model for anything a customer might be interested in buying. They have to work in shifts and this one came on duty at 2pm. So far she has assisted three customers by taking strokes from various implements that they wished to try.&nbsp; Fortunately for her, two other customers brought their servants with them and so those servants were used to try out the implements.&nbsp; Do you punish your servant over clothes or on the bare Madam and what normal position do you prefer?�
The girl was concerned to hear that customer always punished on the bare and preferred a position that would ensure a tight rump. Even worse she commented that there was no need to worry about her modesty.
�Well girl, as you have heard this lady wishes to try out a couple of the riding switches so...skirt and panties off and then I want you over this punishment horse.�
The girl stripped as she had been instructed revealing that her buttocks and upper thighs had indeed been used for earlier demonstrations. She knew however that no form of protest or pleading would be tolerated so meekly followed the two women to the far side of the shop where various horses were on display. They were well separated and all of a heavy leather padded construction with various straps with which a victim could be secured. She was told to mount a simple thick tube mounted on four legs so that in laying down the length with her crotch astride the tube, her ample buttocks were hanging over the end.
Because of the diameter of the tube her thighs were spread to the maximum and her hairy anal cleft and vulva blatantly displayed. This was made even more exposed when she lifted both feet to place them on the foot rests that raised her knees to be almost level with her hips so that she was in a supported squatting position. There were hand grips at the end that she quickly grasped knowing that she would need to hang on as hard as she could once the pain started. Behind her she could hear the woman constantly swapping the crops from one hand to the other and practicing swishing them through the air.
The lady assistant, a little disappointed that her sale would be limited to just one crop decided to try to add to the deal:
�There are a couple of items that you might like to consider Madam, as you mentioned light bruising we find that if the servant is figged, you know having something like ginger placed in their anal cavity, the buttocks are usually more relaxed and the bruising reduced slightly. Preparing ginger to the right shape is always a little time consuming so we have designed, tested and produced plastic devices that serve the same purpose. They are disposable, but of course with just one servant who can clean them afterwards, they can be used several times. Naturally, a hygienic applier is supplied as the area is rarely clean when a flogging is about to be received.� 
She produced a white four inch long tube with a wide flange at one end. There were concentric&nbsp; flexible discs every half an inch on the tube and almost an inch in diameter.
�We are looking at different sizes as we appreciate that this one size will be very tight on some servants and a little too slack on others, but once inserted it will always discourage clenching of the buttocks.
The tweed suited lady studied the item carefully and agree to being shown how it worked.
With a plastic tool that gripped the device at the flange, the assistant introduced the pointed end to the girls puckered anus and pressed it through the sphincter slightly.
Ignoring the girls gasp of discomfort she described how the flexible wide discs would flex to allow entry and how to ensure tightness lubrication was nor recommended, however when the area around the anus was somewhat hairy as in this case, the hairs would get pulled into the cavity which could prove painful in itself.. She then slowly worked the device into the girl&#8217;s anus until the flange fitted snugly into the anal cleft, pushed hard then relaxed allowing the discs to be pulled into the wide uncomfortable position, unclipped the hygienic applicator and stood back. The girl&#8217;s fidgeting soon convinced the lady that she would be avoiding any clenching manoeuvres when the crop was laid on.
Next the sales assistant walked back to the displays and returned with a litre bottle clearly labelled �Weal Enhancer�. She explained that it was always good practice to swab down any really prominent weals following a beating and the contents of this bottle would certainly provide a disinfecting service but would also really add to the tenderness of the skin. She explained that it was&nbsp; recommended to be applied some minutes after the last stroke had been laid on and it came with a stiff toothbrush type applicator that would ensure it reached the parts that were sensitive.
So saying, she unclipped the brush from the side of the bottle, dipped it in for a few seconds and then, having selected an existing weal that was prominent of the girl&#8217;s spread buttocks, dragged the dripping wet and stiff brush along its length.
The reaction was instantaneous.
The girl almost stood on the foot rests thrusting her hips up. There was a second yelp as she forgot the anal probe and clenched her buttocks. It took several seconds before she regained the required position.
The lady smiled approvingly and asked the assistant to include both items on her bill, then holding the first crop she stood to the girl&#8217;s back and side and brought the first trial stroke whistling down to impact with a loud �whack� in the centre of the tight left buttock. Just seconds later the tab slapped into the centre of the right buttock.
They both hurt.
Before the girl had time to collect her thoughts the lady had changed to the long thin black crop and the first stroke had been brought whistling down across the two tab marks. It was followed three seconds later by the second which almost overlaid the first.
The girl desperately bucked and lurched but each movement caused more pain to the invaded soft delicate anus. It took several seconds until her breathing returned to normal and she was told to dismount.
The lady in tweeds showed her both crops and asked which one of the two she would choose if she was due for more strokes. Without hesitation she pointed to the brown tabbed one.
The lady simply turned to the assistant and told her to wrap up the other crop and add it to the bill for both the anal figgers and the antiseptic. With the business concluded and following the usual pleasantries she departed.
The assistant casually had the girl bend over the counter whilst she, without any thought to minimise the discomfort of the retraction, pulled the anal device out with the applicator. She then handed it to the girl with a sniff of distaste and told her to clean it up as there was no point in throwing it away in case another customer wished to try it on their servant later in the day. 
Turning to James, having ascertained that he was there for uniform issue, she ordered him to strip completely.
Such an action would normally have been immediately rejected, but having been conditioned by the girl&#8217;s obedience to the assistant&#8217;s orders, he quickly removed his clothes at the same time that the girl was replacing hers on the other side of the room.
When he stood naked in front of her, the assistant produced a tape measure and without any embarrassment ran it over him to determine his sizes. She then circulated around various shelves and cupboards locating the clothes he would be required to wear whilst in Miss Finch&#8217;s tender care.
First he was handed an abbreviated form of athletic support and James immediately noted that the inside of the pouch was lined with a Velcro material. Once he had carefully donned that uncomfortable garment he soon realised that the rough lining was more than a little uncomfortable around his sore partially erect penis and scrotum. He was also aware that it might preserve his modesty a little but would do nothing to protect his buttocks from any form of punishment implement.
Next came a pair of plain white trainers for his feet, a thin white T shirt and a pair of extremely thin almost translucent shorts.
She also issued him with the usual shaving kit, toothbrush and toothpaste as well as a large bar of cheap soap and towels. What puzzled him was a short Velcro covered strap that was also thrown into a small bag with the more mundane items.&nbsp; 
Mrs Eland then resumed control of James and marched him back through the factory section to the office block. She brought him to a halt outside a door with the name �Miss Sophie Ellis� embossed on a plate. After a cursory knock a voice instructed them to �Come in please� and James found himself at attention in front of a desk behind which stood a very tall well built lady with fair hair in a ponytail , noticeably large chubby breasts swelling under a partially unbuttoned blouse, heavy hips and most surprisingly to James, a warm and welcoming smile. In front of her was a large file with his name prominent on the front.
Mrs Eland excused herself and Miss Ellis motioned James to take a seat.
�Feeling a little nervous James?� she enquired with an even broader smile.
James stuttered his reply remembering to address her as Ma&#8217;am.
�I think I had better explain what my duties are with you James� she replied. I am somewhat different to the other ladies that you will meet in this establishment who have basically chosen to be here because they enjoy having power over male and female servants or prisoners. To me it&#8217;s just a job, a well paid job but a job none the less. You will find me a little less starchy than the others and I will only punish you when told to do so. I won&#8217;t enjoy it any more than you will, believe me.&nbsp; Having said that, as my job depends on maintaining a reputation for strictness, you won&#8217;t find that I lay on any love taps ...but more of that later.
Miss Finch has appointed me to be the person you report to and who will have to discipline you if you step out of line...which I sincerely hope you won&#8217;t. This means that any of the ladies here can give you an on the spot beating with the straps they carry, but if they think a more serious punishment is needed they will put you on report to Miss Finch via their computer terminals...she will then decide and let me know. I also have to punish the female prisoners so I get plenty of practice. One word of warning, most of the staff are reasonably fair, but do watch out for the two wardresses, particularly the short plump one. She is a real stickler for discipline and if she picks on you...well...just try to avoid her.�
For the first time for weeks James felt that he had found, if not a friend, then someone who would at least allow him some self respect. Her next remark came therefore as rather a shock.
�I&#8217;m afraid James that I have to inspect and report on your general condition so if you wouldn&#8217;t mind, you will have to completely strip for me. Do try not to be embarrassed and I will try not to hurt you if I can. This will make a pleasant change from my normal job of sticking my fingers up the girl&#8217;s bottoms checking for anything illicit.�
Somewhat taken aback James stood and removed his newly acquired t shirt, shorts and trainers. Miss Ellis&#8217;s raided eyebrows then convinced him to remove his athletic support and stand nervously naked in front of her desk.
Smiling at his obvious embarrassment she stood, walked around the desk and sat on the front of it gently pushing him back a little to make room for her.
�Let&#8217;s start with checking those areas that we most often use to apply our implements.� She said reaching up and turning him around to face away from her. �I have read your report and see that you have been beaten fairly recently so let&#8217;s see how your skin and muscles have recovered, now bend over and spread your legs for me please.�
Looking behind him he could see her parted calves as she leant forward and ran her hands gently over his still bruised and tender buttocks lifting then pulling them apart to check the anal cleft. He winced at the pressure and heard her gently apologise.
Next she had him stand facing her.
�I read that your Housekeeper elected to punish you on your inner thighs James so please put your right leg on the chair at right angles to your left...don&#8217;t be shy, my word she certainly bruised you, it must have hurt terribly when she did it, especially if your thighs were still bruised from the previous application. I suppose you earned it so I won&#8217;t waste too much time on sympathising. Are they as tender as they look?� she asked briskly rubbing the soft bruised inner thigh with her hand.
By now, despite his best efforts his penis had risen and fully hardened but instead of being annoyed she smiled and remarked that it would make her inspection that much easier.
With both of his feet on the ground but with his legs wide she leant forward from her position sitting on the desk and gently held his member. Her blouse sagged at the front giving him a disconcerting glimpse of her large breasts encased in a simple white brassiere.
�According to the report you were made to wear a constricting device on your penis that would hurt if you erected.� She looked up into his eyes not at all fazed by his obvious interest in her chest.
�Yes Ma&#8217;am, but it made my penis extremely sore when I had worn it for a week or so and it still hurt even when I wasn&#8217;t erecting.�
�Well James. These things are not designed for comfort and as having an erection is in the nature of a personal problem, you shouldn&#8217;t expect too much sympathy, but I will examine the area and see how things are.�
Holding the root of his erect penis with her left hand she slowly and sensuously pushed is foreskin fully back with her right. She then ran her finger tip gently around the sore and inflamed area behind his glans where the chastity device his wife had insisted upon had done its job.
�You realise that one of the products we make here are a variety of penis restrictors, some are of the type that fits comfortably and simply prevents an erection by constriction, others do it by constriction and making it rather painful. You seem to have been fitted with the latter type and it certainly seems to have done its job. However, as your wife has not stipulated that we fit any such device we had better get this treated.�
She released him and leant back reached for her &#8216;phone and called someone that James gathered was the factory nurse. It didn&#8217;t take long before they were joined by a very young, eighteen years old or so, slim mousy looking girl in glasses dressed in a nurses uniform and carrying a stainless steel dish covered in a green cloth which she placed on the desk.
Miss Sophie grasped his penis again pushing the foreskin uncomfortably to the rear and showed the nurse what she thought the problem was. The nurse then took over the examination by pulling on a pair of black latex gloves before uncovering the dish and selecting a pair of small steel tongs.
Not wishing to handle a servant personally, she gripped his penis firmly and somewhat uncomfortably half way down the shaft over the area where the foreskin was stretched. She twisted the member in all directions as she looked all round the glans at the inflamed area...and pronounced her diagnosis:
�This irritation problem is one entirely of his own making in continually trying to get a stiffy when restricted. We should really let nature take its course, but if you insist I will treat the problem� With that she picked up a tube that when opened and squeezed on to her finger smelt of some form of strong antiseptic. This she vigorously rubbed around his glans whilst holding the tongs to prevent movement.
It stung like hell and his erection was rapidly deflating, so James was tempted to grasp the penis to try to remove it. His movement was curtailed by the nurse snapping at him to put hands hand on his head and to keep still!
She then asked Miss Ellis if she had checked the testicles and his rectum for illicit items. Hearing that she had yet to do that, they agree that she might as well finish the inspection as she was there. This news did little to comfort James as he realised her idea of being thorough was likely to be more painful than Miss Ellis&#8217;s.
It was!
Having discarded the tongs but keeping James standing feet wide apart and hands on head the young nurse gripped his scrotal area with her gloved hands. Miss Sophie remarked that he had been given testicle punishment by his previous owner&#8217;s staff so they did need checking. The nurse then&nbsp; held his left testicle firmly with the finger tips of both hands as she felt its entire area through the wrinkled protective covering of the scrotum. She was thorough and as the pressure of the enquiring finger tips was applied and released James was in constant movement of his hips as he tried to accept the discomfort without complaint. Despite his efforts his movement was not appreciated by the nurse who clearly had no concerns for his comfort, only that she examined him as she thought necessary.
The fingers moved to his right testicle and the pain and humiliation of having to accept this young girl&#8217;s actions without complaint recommenced. This time his feet moved inwards in protection but her warning glance was enough to cause him to resume his splayed position. He was hardly recompensed by looking at her from close quarters, rather flat chested and dowdy she was not, in any way, an object of sexual desire. Rather she was yet another female in his life that he would have to submit to in the hope of reducing any pain or humiliation.
She eventually finished handling his testes with a comment to Miss Ellis that they appeared normal. 
She then ordered him to turn around and bend over the large desk with legs wide apart. As she spoke she was applying&nbsp; cream from another tube to the fingers of her right hand. He was then told to reach behind him and pull his buttock cheeks wide apart for her inspection which, embarrassingly, he did.
There was no gentle entry by her probing fingers, this was a simple cavity search and she showed no interest in being anything but thorough. Discomfort amounting to pain and humiliation at being subjected to such a process did not concern her as she forced first one the two then three fingers deep into his rectum then twisted them in all directions feeling for any item that might be secreted. It was little consolation to James that all the females had been subjected to the same cruel fingers in the same humiliating orifice. To make his humiliation even worse, she finished by rubbing his prostate firmly for some time then checking his penis again for any signs of leakage.
She ordered him back to the legs apart hands on head position and with a few pleasantries to Miss Ellis, departed.
Miss Ellis motioned him to sit down, but before he could ,she handed him some kleenex to keep the lubrication off the seat.
�Sorry about that James� she said with a comforting smile. �It just proves my point about keeping on the right side of the staff here; believe it or not she went easy on you. She usually reduces the new girls to tears when they arrive for their week ...and one would think that they are all fairly hardened by already being in the correctional system. It always surprises me how much pain and humiliation one young nurse can inflict when carrying out a routine medical examination. Has the antiseptic stopped stinging yet?�
James indicated that it hadn&#8217;t, in fact it had made his penis unbelievably sore. Miss Ellis looked concerned and took him into her adjoining toilet. As he stood, still embarrassingly naked by the sink, she gently soaped his organ in warm water to remove the medical cream then suggested that he urinate to wash out any that had been forced into his urethra. He was relieved when she left him in privacy to carry out that act.
On his return she handed him more tissue to complete the public wiping of his bottom then told him to get dressed which he did with some relief.
She then told him that his next appointment would be in the Test and Development section where the newer products were field tested. As the only male in the place at present he would be required to act as a guinea pig for any specifically male items that were being assessed. She then said goodbye with the whispered warning to keep his head down and nose clean.
Not appreciating how difficult both of those tasks would be, he soon found his way to the Department and knocking on the door, entered.

Inside it was laid out much like a laboratory with benches; various test equipment and many computer screens. He was approached by a middle aged lady with short dark hair and wearing a white lab coat on which was her name tag �Mrs Troughton.�
�At last!� she remarked sarcastically...�We have a male subject for out tests. Has the function of this department been fully explained to you Hough?� He said that it had not.
�We are here to field test the prototype implements and clothing before they go into production. To do that we need human volunteers such as yourself. It may seem a little unfair that we will subject you to a degree of pain and embarrassment without you actually offending in any way, but that is the way things are here. We do try to spread the impact around all the subjects we are allocated but, as you may have noticed, we have a dozen female subjects to use but only one male at present. That means that you will have to accept any trials that come up for male subjects... but at least, as most implements are uni-sex, that will let you off much of the cane and strap testing.�
As Mrs Troughton was briefing James one of the female prisoners marched in and reported to a female researcher at one of the stations. 
�Well, Hough, here is a demonstration of what I was telling you, this female is here for...� she checked her computer screen...� A trial of one of the many breast punishment devices that we are designing.&nbsp; It seems that there is a demand for something that can be used on a girls breasts without causing and harm but will be an adequate punishment for any breast related offence such as wearing an incorrect brassiere or one that is less than pristine. It shouldn&#8217;t take long so you can watch and learn.�
She walked over to the open area in front of the bench where a video camera had been set up by another researcher. The prisoner, a tall well built girl in her mid-thirties was told to stand on a spot in front of the camera and strip to the waist. She looked around, taking in the presence of Hough and Mrs Troughton and was clearly frightened by the idea that her breasts were about to be hurt. She knew better that to delay the event and stripped off her shirt and plain tight bra placing them on the bench and revealing the reasons for selecting her for this particular trial.
She was told to stand, feet apart with her hands clenched behind her head so that her large pointed breasts were thrust forward and the natural sagging of each large mammary was minimised. The researcher, a much younger plump female with crinkly red hair pulled back into an informal bunch then briefed her as to what was to happen:
I am about to inflict five slaps of a new breast slapper on each of your breasts. You will remain rigidly in position and will in no way try to avoid the slaps or to impede my delivery. It is designed to hurt you and you will simply accept that pain without comment. If you fail to assist in this trial in any way you will be placed on report to be dealt with in a formal punishment. Do you understand?�
The wretched girl was now starting to shake slightly but managed a respectful �Yes Ma&#8217;am�.
The researcher went over to her bench and produced what looked at first glance to be a thicker version of a fly swat made out of flexible and light plastic. It was attached to a short springy wooden handle. She stood in front of the prisoner, raised her hand and brought the implement down across the upper surface of the left breast with an audible slap. The surface compressed then bounced and rippled back into shape.
The girls moved slightly and screwed her face as the pain peaked.
The nipple and areola were much larger than the average and gave each breast an almost impudent upturned look. The researcher gently stroked the left nipple with the slapper and after a few seconds the nipple reacted to the gentle chaffing and swelled to its full size protruding by three quarters of an inch. She then brought the slapper up and then down to impact on the super sensitive area in a downward motion that compressed the areola as it dragged down across the breast.
The girl nearly broke position, but with her teeth bared and eyes screwed tight she managed to hold it.
By now the imprint of the first slap was apparent with a red square on the upper surface. The slapper was then brought up under the breast to impact the underside. This lifted the breast especially the now throbbing nipple area. The final two slaps were to either side of the increasingly reddened globe making the breast swing against the chest.
To her credit, or perhaps to the credit of the level of fear that she felt about further punishment, the girls remained in the strained position. However her upper body was now visibly damp and the faint scent of perspiration became noticeable to the spectators. Her eyes were unnaturally wide as she scanned the room in the vain hope that only one breast would need to be experimented upon and that someone might intervene, but then realised that the researcher was already positioning herself to deal with the other one.
And she did, following the same sequence on what was a slightly larger target with the girl clearly being right handed.
It was far from over. The breasts were videotaped in close up with the researcher casually lifting and displaying them by holding each nipple firmly in turn causing the subject pain that had no purpose in the trial, but gave her assailant the pleasure of maintaining control of a prisoner just for the sake of it.
Finally she was told to get dressed and when she nervously asked if she could leave her too tight bra off was told curtly that she could not. She was then watched as she visibly shook as she forced her reddened and sore breasts into their containers.
Mrs Troughton then grasped James by the ear and cruelly pulled him round the laboratory, head down, until they reached another section. This was manned by a fair haired slim female in her ubiquitous white coat but holding something that looked similar to the breast slapper. This, however, was padded in what looked like soft cotton material.
Looking up at James she smiled with pleasure. �At last� she said,&nbsp; �A male for the Extended Testicle Slapping trials.�
James heart fell through his stomach. Surely his most sensitive area was not to be treated as the girl&#8217;s breasts were. He could well remember being hit with the wet panties by Mrs Brady and not only how much it had hurt but how humiliating it was and how totally vulnerable it had made him feel.
His hopes were dashed when Mrs Troughton said that she had to be in a meeting and would leave the male with her for the briefing and initial exposure. Still smiling the researcher said that this trial had been long overdue as customer demand had recently increased when it was known that the Correctional Centres had officially approved of scrotal punishments under certain circumstances. The testes were, after all the most sensitive part of the male and to ignore them when it came to inflicting effective punishment was ridiculous.
�I understand that you are available to me for some time so this trial protocol is for one week but with a different lady administering the treatment once every day to get a balanced view of the effectiveness. It may be administered anywhere in the centre, but always in the same format. I will lay on the first dose so remove your shorts and support please.�
The word �please� came almost as a bigger surprise than the order to undress, but James didn&#8217;t hesitate. Having removed his shorts he slipped down the support -glad to removes the prickly inside from close contact with his genitalia. The researcher told him to spread his legs for inspection...which he did. Slipping on a blue latex glove she then reached forward under his enlarging penis and gently cupped the scrotum and spreading his testicles apart with her fingers. She then juggled them up and down to assess their freedom of movement.
�The protocol requires the testicles to be hanging free, which they certainly are. If you have any treatment on a cold day, or perhaps where you are unduly frightened and the scrotum contracts, you will have to ask the lady who deals with you to apply a hot towel or similar to relax the muscle. It will be in your own interests, as being hit on the testes when they are constricted will be excessively painful.�
Rather than reassure him as to the kindness and consideration he was about to receive, the briefing convinced him that he would be handled like the proverbial laboratory rat to comply with the so called protocol. The true feelings of his wife towards him were becoming more apparent every second that passed. He would have no option, as she well knew, other than to accept this form of servitude or face criminal proceedings that would ruin him.
He was snapped back to reality by the woman in charge ordering him to stand in front of a chair that she had moved to... but with his back to her. He was then told to bend over and support himself with his hands on his knees. As if that wasn&#8217;t humiliating enough he then had to bend his knees outwards so that he was, in effect, squatting. He could sense how his scrotum was hanging well beneath his parted buttocks with the testes swinging with every movement.
The red head then told him she would slap his testicles twice with an interval of one minute between slaps. He was to remain in position during the inflictions and until she told him to stand. Any undue movement, and she would be the sole judge of that, would result in an extra slap until he learned to obey. She then added the somewhat unnecessary to James remark: �This will hurt!� then added �But no damage will be caused!�
James realised that after being kept waiting in the position for some minutes that she was deliberately adding to the punishment by increasing his fear. A combination of the position and that fear caused him to start trembling slightly. Suddenly the implement touched his hanging bulbs, was removed then brought back to make contact with a flicking motion that caused the padded swat to hit both testes evenly and bounce them forward.
It was not a crippling pain but it hurt enough for him to really dread the next slap and to have some difficulty in overcoming his natural inclination to reach through his legs and hold his lower scrotum protectively.
Somehow he managed to hold position and as the inevitable slap struck home he resisted the temptation to rear up. 
She kept him there for fully two minutes, then told him to stand. She then told him about the rest of the trial: Every day at around three pm in the afternoon he would hear his name called over the PA system and then the name of the staff member he had been allocated to. He was to collect the trials implement from the laboratory along with the paperwork, take both to the lady involved and hand them over so that she could carry out the trial for that day. He would then be required to follow her every instruction until she released him for other duties. Unbelievably this meant that he would be getting his balls painfully slapped every day for an indefinite period by a woman he had only just met. He hoped, without too much confidence that some would be easier on him than others, but from what he had seen so far, knew that dream to be unlikely. 
She told him that he should now report to the Wardresses who were there to control the twelve female prisoners as they would be in charge of him for the rest of the day.
He found the long barrack block type hut to which the prisoners had been allocated. A long open room contained the institutional style beds, six on each side and neatly made, with a cupboard and small wardrobe next to each one. At the end was the toilet block with a row of sinks and opposite them four open toilet cubicles and four open shower stalls. Next was a small windowless storeroom containing shelves full of cleaning materials, toilet rolls and various brushes and general cleaning equipment. A deep wash basin and drying rack was along one wall. Strangely there was another bed in there crammed into the small space. The floor throughout was highly polished and the general state of the washbasins and toilets was clean and shining.
He heard a sound of movement from the far end of the hut so walked back past the beds until he found what looked like an office door at the entrance end. On it was a sign �Wardress Office�.
He knocked and heard a female voice saying �Enter!� As he walked in he noticed an office desk in front of which stood a short plump brunette dressed in the obligatory uniform of shirt and short skirt but with her skirt raised and her panties around her knees. Sitting behind the desk was a tall hatchet faced very slim lady in her thirties dressed in a grey skirt and jacket with rank badges on the shoulder over a grey shirt and blue tie. Her uniform hat sat on the desk. Her name tag displayed the name �Senior Officer Norton�.
He was told to stand against the side wall and to keep quiet, which he fully intended to do without the order. The Officer then continued to berate the female displaying her bare buttocks already reddened by some form of broad strap.
�Despite my earlier application of the strap you still failed to tidy your bed space at the morning inspection girl, so you will now have to feel it again. I am somewhat limited by the rules in that I can only lay on three strokes at a time, but you will find that I can do that several times a day if the mood so takes me. While you are displaying your private areas I might as well carry out a routine panty inspection... so take them off and let me see them.�
With a look of some horror at James the girl struggled out of the tight white bikini panties and blushing deeply, placed them on the desk top. 
�I said girl, that I wanted to see them! You are well aware of how to present panties so do so NOW!� With even more blushes the girl picked up the garment and held it up between her hands so that the crotch was tight and fully exposed. Miss Norton leant over and peered at the material then pointed to a small damp mark. It was a barely discernible yellow stain but enough for the girl to have failed the test. She stutteringly tried to excuse herself saying that she was in the toilet when Miss Norton sent for her and had to rush but there was no understanding or mercy to be had from that quarter, just a simple but frightening entry of her name into a book labelled �Daily Offence Reports�.
�That will no doubt be dealt with later but right now you will receive a taste of the strap. Bend over so that you grip the far side of my desk then spread your feet wide apart.� She then indicated that James was to move out of the way to the girl&#8217;s rear to give her a good swing with her right arm. The desk was a little lower than the girl&#8217;s torso resulting in her buttocks being high and spread. From where James stood her cheeks were parted and it was obvious that depilation of that personal area was not required. Her face could just be seen and was a bright red with embarrassment.
The Officer unhooked the strap from her waist belt and ran it tenderly through the fingers of her left hand. She then brought it up over her right shoulder and brought it down hard across the middle of the buttocks. The girls jumped and exhaled a jerk of air, but held her position. The second and third struck painfully home and the strap was then re-hooked to her belt.
�Get dressed and report back here in an hour for a little reminder on how panties should be presented for inspection. I may be only allowed to give you three strokes at a time but I intend to apply that permission several times to get you warmed up for tonight&#8217;s punishment session.� Still blushing furiously towards James, the girl struggled into her panties and departed, leaving him alone in front of the desk. Miss Norton sat in the chair, leant back and eyed him slowly up and down.
�I have been fully trained in handling male prisoners Hough so don&#8217;t get any ideas. I think I have just demonstrated that I have both the authority and intention of disciplining that young female and you will be next across this desk if you put a foot or word out of place. You have been allocated to me for a few hours until it is time to eat so first I will show you where you will be sleeping.�
To James&#8217;s concern he was to sleep in the bed crammed into the store and drying room. For the basic toilet and shower needs he would be allowed to use the female stalls when one was free, so not only would he be subjected to living around females in various states of dress or undress, he would also suffer the humiliation, like them, of having not the slightest shred of privacy when it came to his most basic needs. Miss Norton then emphasised his relative status in that he was junior to every female prisoner, could be ordered about by them and would have to remain respectful addressing them all as �Miss�.
She then told him that the group, with the exception of the girl that he had just seen strapped, were out on a fitness run and should be passing the area in which they were in just a couple of minutes. He was to follow her outside and observe the event.
It was a cold day and not one one which James would have liked to be enduring a cross country run. Soon the eleven females appeared over a slight hill pounding what seemed to be a perimeter road round the estate. James could see that the females were stripped to a thin vest and short blue skirt under which their panties could be seen. Short socks and white trainers completed their running dress and from the way the breasts were bouncing and swaying, no brassieres were allowed for chest support. The nipples, made turgid by the cold, were visibly pointing under the chafing vests. Miss Norton, speaking against the ice cold wind that was blowing, told him that the distance was one mile round the estate and that the requirement was to run the route seven times within a fifty minute time span if they wanted to escape any punishment. Before the run they had all be made to drink a pint of water and she was now allowing them a comfort stop as they would probably need to relieve themselves. 

James expected that they would be allowed to visit the accommodation block but was in for a surprise. The sweating and steaming squad were called to a halt and made to form a line at arm&#8217;s length, facing Miss Norton and he. 
�I appreciate that there is a male present so to reduce your embarrassment you will keep your panties in place. On my command you will squat with knees wide and skirt raised.�
�Squat!�
The breathless females all went down as ordered with several of their already flushed faces becoming even brighter as their spread panty crotches were displayed by their position&nbsp; with their heels together supporting their buttocks and their knees wide and high.
�On my command you will all release your bladders. Any prisoner who does not will feel my strap.�
�Release!�
The threat convinced even the most bodily shy girl and with little hesitation, eleven clean panties displayed an increasing damp patch followed by a healthy gush of steaming yellow fluid that spread into a puddle beneath them and under their trainers rubber soles. The flow had hardly stopped before they were ordered to their feet with legs together, skirt still round their waist and standing rigidly at attention with the insides of their thighs glistening.
There would be no more resting. With one quick order from Miss Norton the squad were off again steaming even more in the cold wind. They had just 15 minutes left to complete the run without feeling leather as she put it. As they completed the next lap it was obvious to James that they were all but exhausted, but the sight of Miss Norton unhitching her strap seem to spur them on, and the pace visibly increased even though they were now strung out as the fitter females drew ahead.
As they reappeared approaching where Miss Norton stood effectively marking the finishing line the females were clearly exhausted with a wide gap between each one. The first six crossed the invisible line within the time scale allotted but the rest did not and once the last girl, a somewhat overweight blonde had crossed the line with her breasts flopping wildly. Both she and the others in the last five were lined up next to the still wet patches that they had left when they relieved themselves.
It was a quick three with the strap but rather than having them drop their panties she laid them on over the urine wet material seemingly adding to the impact. The breathless girls accepted the pain and indignity without complaint and the whole breathless squad were then sent, with James to the accommodation hut.
Miss Norton ordered them all into the toilet block to strip off the damp and sweaty clothes. The vests, socks and panties were hung on a drying frame that stood over a radiator in the store room to dry. The shivering and naked females were then sent into the showers with a queue forming as they each awaited their turn. It seemed, from their acceptance of Hough&#8217;s presence that they were well used to stripping in front of males.
Meanwhile James was told to place the trainers on the racks in the room and then ensure that the showers were properly cleaned after the girls had finished. The pairs of trainers each had an individual smell and had obviously been continually used for female exercise. He carefully and neatly placed them in the racks noting the pair that was already there; presumably belonging to the girl he had seen strapped.
It was some time before the female prisoners had finished showering and had removed themselves to their sleeping quarters. James found the cleaning materials near his own bed space and started cleaning down the soap scum and hair debris from the white porcelain trays and tiled walls. Several girls came in to use the toilets and to his surprise they simply sat there watching him without any apparent embarrassment. It took him some time until Miss Norton paid a cursory visit telling him to get off for his evening meal in the canteen with the now dressed females. 
This was taken around a self service queue and eaten in total silence despite the absence of any staff. By nine o&#8217;clock they all went back to the sleeping accommodation where he entered his store cupboard cum bunk. The radiator had almost dried the damp intimate clothing but the odour of dried sweat and urine still permeated the room. James was sensible enough to realise that this had been Miss Norton&#8217;s intention so resolved to accept the problem and soon fell into a deep sleep.
He was awakened by a loud bell ringing.&nbsp; All of the numerous wall clocks told him that it was 6am and, following a rush for the toilets where he found he had to join the queue of females awaiting the use of one of the open stalls, he was soon dressed and lined up with the shivering girls in the breakfast line. This was served by a large short surly female civilian who clearly objected to being obliged to perform such a service to a bunch of prisoners at such an early hour. James made the mistake of causing the woman more annoyance by asking for well done bacon which she supplied but with a look of utter fury on her round face.
The hours between seven and nine were filled by showering and routine cleaning of the accommodation block. Just before nine Miss Norton strode in and pinned a duty list to a notice board which was soon scrutinised by the anxious prisoners. When James could get near it he saw that next to his name was listed �Leather treatment shed�. Somewhat perplexed one of the girls told him that it was one of the pleasanter and safer jobs on offer where he would be employed oiling and preparing new straps and devices for delivery to customers.
He soon found the wooden building and went in. He was met by a red faced lady in her fifties who showed him to a work bench on which lay numerous leather tawses, straps and cuffs. All awaited oiling to make them flexible and more effective. In front of him was a large pot of oil that he would use to �feed� the leather and make it malleable. 
The first tawse he picked up had come straight from the leather worker. It consisted of a two foot long leather strap with a carved grip at one end and a split the other extending a foot into the material. It was clearly designed to hurt and made of a thick type of hide nearly half an inch in depth. It felt heavy and James could well imagine the force with which it would soon be brought down on to some poor wretches buttocks or thighs. Because of its inherent flexibility the rough edges would leave nasty ridges on sensitive skin. There was a notice hanging over his work bench which said:
�Remember, the leather that you are working on could one day be used on you!�
James needed no such exhortation and started work with a will using a small cloth to soak up the oil and apply it liberally to the hungry pale hide. 
Other implements followed and James did his best to make all of them humanely supple but soon realised that it would take days to really achieve the desired flexibility. There was a mid-morning coffee break for the staff but he was ignored by them as they sat in a circle on comfortable stools as he continued to rub and soak. Despite the lack of refreshment he needed to relieve himself so left the bench and walked down the corridor to the room labelled �Toilet�. He had just completed his release and was leaving when a young girl appeared from an office opposite and demanded to know what he was doing using a staff toilet.
He stood dutifully at attention in front of the young female and apologised humbly remembering to address her as �Miss�. Apparently satisfied she warned him not to use the room in future and walked off leaving him to return to his work bench.
Just before the lunch break he was visited at his bench by Miss Ellis looking somewhat agitated. She gestured him to follow her into an empty office and turned towards him looking less than pleased.
�James! I spent some time yesterday trying to explain how things work here so that it would make life easier for you and you already seemed to have collected a report on your attitude. Miss Finch always reviews these complaints when they pop up on her screen and she has messaged me that you are to be given a �Disciplinary�. It&#8217;s the last thing I want to do but I have no option other than to carry it out.�
Shaken by the news, James asked who had complained but Miss Ellis explained that anonymity was always maintained until the lady herself wanted him to know. She also had no idea what he had done to offend whoever she was. The complaint had been made and the punishment would follow without any questions or interference on anyone&#8217;s part. Becoming increasingly worried what was to happen to him he asked what was meant by a Disciplinary.
She explained that it was intended to be a sharp shock to bring anyone serving the organisation back into line quickly. It was a formal application of the cane and was designed to both hurt and humiliate rather more than the �playful taps� with the wardress straps that&nbsp; he had already seen. The recipient would not be told the reason or the complainant but left to examine his or her memory of what errors they may have committed in the recent days. There were three grades and he was to receive a grade two which would consist of between ten and fourteen strokes across the thighs and /or buttocks. He would be naked and the event would have to be witnessed by at least one other staff member. She went on to say that she had seen from his records that he had felt the cane before but should be prepared for a really painful session today that she would be unable to protect him from in any way. Indeed, her job depended on her laying on the cane in a way that would be more painful than most of the staff. She had a reputation for strict discipline and she couldn&#8217;t risk going easy on him in any way, especially in front of a witness and bearing in mind that he may well be inspected afterwards.
Provided he took the cane without being restrained the number of strokes would be just ten, but if he did not remain in position and had to be strapped down this could be increased to fourteen. She advised him that he would almost certainly be unable to take ten without being secured so to ask for the twelve stroke option where he would be strapped down and not able to make things worse for himself. She told him that he had until he reported to her for the caning at 2pm to make his mind up.
�...and James, I won&#8217;t like this any more than you will...but it has to be done and done properly, and don&#8217;t forget to bring that Velcro strap that you were issued with.�
Shaken and dreading the afternoon session and yet still wondering what the purpose of the strap was, James went back to his work bench and continued oiling and polishing the leather products with his mind very much elsewhere. Could even the cook or the young secretary have the power to have him severely beaten for any minor mistake that he made? Was it perhaps one of the girl prisoners who had complained. He had been told that they were all superior to him in the hierarchy but could anyone of them really have him thrashed on a whim? He then realised that this form of anonymous complaint and punishment would mean that he would be walking on eggshells for the rest of his stay, forced to be humble and obedient to any one of the staff that he met.
Which was of course, the whole point of the system.
For obvious reasons he had little appetite for the mid-day meal but certainly noticed the number of uniformed ladies sitting at the top table who were constantly looking in his direction and clearly discussing him. It seems that there were regular visits from the Prisons Training Centre where all the new Warders and Wardresses were trained. Miss Finch appreciated the commercial benefits of making all the prisons staff aware of her products for when they reach a position such as one that has purchasing authority. It would seem that no expense or effort was too much for these guests when on the premises.
As the clock moved to 2pm, instead of returning to the work bench he went, as Miss Ellis had directed, to a large gymnasium type building some way from the factory buildings. He entered and found a polished wooden floored and well lit room with a contraption for securing hapless victims in the centre. Around this were comfortable chairs that were already filled with the young wardress group and several of the staff who had elected to view the afternoon&#8217;s entertainment...which was of course, him.
Miss Ellis, dressed formally in short grey skirt, blouse and knee boots acknowledged his arrival without a hint of recognition pointing towards a spot for him to stand awaiting her pleasure. She was in the process of describing the ethos behind the �Disciplinary� and to James&#8217; horror was holding a fearsome cane that was obviously to be used on him.
His confidence that he was only to receive twelve strokes and that Miss Ellis was a basically kind person who would minimise the level of pain was shattered. What she hadn&#8217;t told him was that the implement would be twin plastic rods joined in a handle. It looked nearly four feet long and each polypropylene rod was white and the thickness of an index finger. She was demonstrating its flexibility by bending it between her hands then swishing it through the air.
�This is one of our newer and more effective products ladies. When you have a prisoner who has been rendered somewhat inured to the effects of the cane and has become what we would call a hardened case, this implement will bring them sharply back to reality and appreciative of just how much a punishment can hurt.&nbsp; The candidate today is not a prisoner but has been sent here by his wife for advanced training in obedience. It may amuse you to hear that the event is being sent via Skype for his wife&#8217;s benefit in the First Class departure lounge at Heathrow where she is waiting to board her flight to the USA. Please feel free to pass the cane around and examine its weight and flexibility.�
This they did and the loud whirring sounds they made by practising their strokes did little to settle his nerves. He was then approached by the mousy little nurse he had met before. She ordered him to strip and then hand her the strap he held in his hand. As this would be in full view of the afternoon audience James found himself turning away to protect what was left of his modesty.
He was soon ordered to face the front and to stop slouching. She moved closer to him and to his surprise grasped his genitalia firmly in her left hand, encircling his penis and scrotum at their root. The Velcro strap was then wrapped round close and tightly to his body, trapping several pubic hairs painfully, and pulled tight. This had the effect f making his rapidly engorging penis and testes protrude indecently forward of his lower stomach and exposing him to some amusement by the assembled ladies.
�This cane is usually laid on with the recipients thighs well spread;� explained Miss Ellis, �this naturally displays both the male and female genitalia rather prominently and certainly humiliatingly. Naturally with the males, it makes the dangling testes rather vulnerable to being caught by one of the cane tips. I&#8217;m sure that none of us worries too much about causing pain in that area but we certainly don&#8217;t want to cause any damage so it is safer if they are strapped tightly out of the way. Interestingly this male is undergoing a daily scrotum slapping with a new testicle paddle that is under development here in the factory so we don&#8217;t want to conflict with that assessment. If you have all finished examining the double cane, we will have him mount the frame and we can then carry out the punishment as required. There is just one more formality: As you have been told in training, a wardress inflicting a severe caning is encouraged to do so naked from the waist up so that her bare breasts emphasise the femininity of the punishment. I will therefore strip to comply with this rule. This will be done in full view of the male and I doubt that it will reduce his disgusting display of an erection in any way, but the cane will soon address that little problem.�
A titter of amusement went round the room. Miss Ellis stood directly in front of James and slowly removed her blouse exposing a frilly and feminine white brassiere that was clearly offering much needed support to two large breasts, she then reached behind her, unclipped the rear strap and, leaning forward let the bra slip from her chest. She then stood proudly displaying her breasts to the room as the nipples reacted to the cool air and protruded enticingly. Her intoxicating scent reached his nostrils and added to the emotional respect that he seemed to be feeling for her.
James could not believe that this was happening to him. This most kind and feminine of ladies, stripped to the waist with a pair of the most delightfully perky breasts was about to inflict considerable pain on him for no known reason. But what choice did he have?&nbsp; His wife, apparently watching this by live relay held the promise of financial ruin and probably a prison sentence over him. He would have to accept whatever this establishment wanted to do to him.
Ignoring his lascivious stare Miss Ellis asked him one last question:
�Hough, do you elect to receive ten strokes unrestrained with the option of four more strokes for undue movement or do you elect to take twelve strokes fully secured to the frame?�
He elected to be restrained, now thankful of Miss Ellis&#8217;s earlier advice on the subject as he could now appreciate the advice she gave him that he would be unable to take the beating without being strapped down.
He nervously mounted the frame by first kneeling on the wide kneed pads that forced his thighs apart then leaning forward to place his lower arms in their places in line with the knees and much lower. He was more than aware how this left his buttocks high, tight and spread so that any female on the frame would feel totally exposed and vulnerable. His constricted scrotum and penis felt as if they were also vulnerable and he could but hope that the strap was holding them well clear of the tips of the canes arcs.
It was the nurse who secured the restraining straps around wrists, elbows knees and ankles. Finally a broad leather strap was pulled across his waist and as the nurse pulled it tight, his stomach was held down on a raised support thrusting his buttocks even more into prominence. Miss Ellis spoke:
�Well ladies, as you can see the position is one of humiliation as his genitalia and anus are fully exposed. I need hardly add that in the case of a female canee, her breasts would hang free and unsupported so that she kept nothing secret from us. In the interests of the subject here and to prevent any vocal outburst that would attract further punishment the Nurse will now apply a mouth gag.
This she did. A soggy pad of some material that had been used on countless females under punishment and kept soaked in a foul antiseptic solution was pushed into his mouth and a retaining strap secured behind his head. It was possible to breathe around the gag but this only added to the terrible taste. It would certainly muffle any sounds of protest that Miss Ellis was clearly expecting. Next the nurse picked up a small container from the floor in front of him and, retrieved a dripping towel from it, walked to his rear and wiped the running cloth soaked in cold disinfectant liberally over his buttocks and thighs so that some fluid ran down his anal cleft. 
Miss Ellis then squatted down so that her naked and upturned breasts were at his eye level. �I will lay on these 12 strokes in batches of three with a minute or two between each batch to let you feel the full level of the inevitable pain. During this time I will position myself here in front of you so that you can fully appreciate that it is a female who is inflicting the pain. You will of course have no opportunity to avoid the strokes or to give us ladies the benefit of your views. You are here to suffer...and suffer Hough...you most certainly will. The Nurse here will count the strokes and at the completion will let me know if any of them failed, in her opinion, to be correctly delivered. If this is the case, I will then repeat that...or those...strokes.�
She stood and picked up the cane that the nurse had just wiped with the antiseptic. Standing to his left she lay the rods across the centre of his already bruised and marked buttocks noticing the twitch of anticipation they gave. She slowly raised the rods to behind her right shoulder and then brought them whirring down to slash into his waiting flesh. Without delay she then brought it down two more times across the same area. She then moved to his front and squatted down to watch his reaction.
The pain was far worse than any of the previous canings James had undergone. His eyes were screwed shut as he was forced to absorb it. As he opened them he could see the two breasts in front of him and looking down between them her parted knees with a glimpse of her panties between the stocking tops. She was more than aware of where he was looking and seemed to be tormenting him that such an attractive female had the authority to inflict so much pain. She even smiled sympathetically at him and held his chin for a brief fleeting moment before standing once more.
It seemed much longer than the minute or two that she had promised before the second batch were laid across his now throbbing buttocks. Mercifully they fell clear of the first three but as they struck his lower buttocks and the crease with his thighs they were just as excruciatingly painful. She again squatted in front of him and held his chin that was dribbling the foul tasting antiseptic on to the floor. She stared into his eyes and almost whispered some words of encouragement:
�Half way James, just two more sets to go...I know it hurts but that&#8217;s the way it has to be if you are to learn the lesson. I will avoid the new weals for the next three, but you will need to be brave for the last ones as they will have to overlay the weals around the crease with your thighs. I&#8217;m afraid they will hurt terribly as I won&#8217;t take a break after three and I have no choice other than to lay them on hard.�
And she did... bringing all six strokes down with a full swing of her arm. James could not help himself from screaming into the gag as so many females must have down on previous thrashings. Despite the pain he could only think how fortunate it was that he had elected to be secured as otherwise, he would be looking at even more lashes with the double cane.
The cold antiseptic that the nurse generously applied to his wealed and ridged buttocks came as a welcome relief until she rubbed it into the abraded skin with some enthusiasm so that the stinging added to the deep searing heat and throbbing. But at least it was over, or at least, he thought it was.
It was the nurse who suggested that the ladies might like to take a closer look at the effects of the punishment before their victim was released from the frame. Several of them rubbed their hands over the painful ridges and at least three used their nails to scrape then pinch the weals. Added to the scourging effects of the liquid the nurse swabbed over the weals it was almost as if the cane was being laid on again. It was with some relief that the nurse unfastened the restraining straps and assisted James, unsteadily to his feet.
The assembled audience left chatting excitedly about the efficacy of the double cane and James was left to remove his genital strap and dress in his flimsy kit. A glance at the clock reminded him that he was due to receive the next trial scrotum slapping so he hurried back to the test centre. The red haired woman handed him the padded swatter and a set of instructions with a broad smile and told him that the inflictor today would be Senior Officer Quinn and she would be waiting for him in the accommodation block.
His heart sank at the mention of this ladies name. She was Senior Officer Norton&#8217;s partner and the one lady that he had been warned about. He took some consolation that her powers of punishment would be limited to the scrotum and steeled himself to being as compliant as possible when he met her. With his buttocks throbbing and stinging as they were he did not want to receive even more pain on them this afternoon.
He entered the accommodation and knocked on the wardress office door. A muffled female voice called out �Enter� and he went in snapping to attention in front of the desk. Behind it sat a plump short lady in her late twenties with fair hair in a tight bun behind her unsmiling and plump face. James reported:
�Hough Ma&#8217;am... reporting for Trial number 46.�
�And what does that entail Hough?� she replied. Which left him even more apprehensive.
�It requires applying a slapper to a male&#8217;s scrotum Ma&#8217;am. I have the trial details for your information.� He handed her the paperwork ...and the slapper which she examined carefully.
�I hear that you have just been given a �disciplinary� Hough.� She casually remarked. � They laid it on properly I trust?�
James assured her that �they� had and when questioned further admitted that it was still hurting. In an almost conciliatory manner she then said that she had better check and to strip for inspection. Once again he found himself obliged to remove all his clothes in front of a female that he didn&#8217;t know, but obediently did as she had told him.&nbsp; Pushing her chair back from her side of the desk she instructed him, now naked, to come round her side and stand facing the desk in front of her. He was then told to spread his legs and lean forward over the desk.&nbsp; She then pulled her chair forward which placed her knees between his thighs so that her body was close to his.
She placed both of her cold clammy hands on his rear, one on each cheek. At first the cold flesh on flesh was welcome but she soon started to examined the ridges and weals with her nails casing an unwanted resurgence of pain that made him twitch and instinctively try to close his legs. A few fierce slaps with her palms encouraged him to remain still and accept her examination.
�What was the reason for this beating Hough?� she enquired.
�I don&#8217;t know Ma&#8217;am he replied. I was told that I had no right to know who had complained and that I would just have to accept it.�
�Absolutely, she murmured, and I take it you would do anything to avoid having another session tomorrow? Having the cane laid over these weals� and she emphasised each word with a vicious pinch with her finger tips to an overlaid double weal that swelled prominently on both cheeks �would be really unpleasant wouldn&#8217;t it?�
Gasping with the pain James readily agreed. A cold hand reached between his thighs and menacingly juggled his scrotum. 
�I trust that the cane didn&#8217;t strike these during the thrashing Hough? I think they will be suffering enough with the trial punishment they are about to receive from me.� 
He was then told to stand on the other side of the desk facing her.
�Well, Hough, I will let you into a little secret. I filed the complaint about you so it was thanks to me that you have just been thrashed. Please don&#8217;t rack your brains as to why I should do this. We both know that we have never met before this moment. It was simply that I had my eye on you and thought our relationship would get off to a better start if you felt my authority first. Whether I am dealing with a male or female prisoner I always feel that a hefty dose of discipline will put them in the right and subservient frame of mind and that they will be that little more obedient to whatever I require of them. In your case I have decided that I will amuse myself with you later this evening so while you are watching the hours tick away to that time, just bear in mind that however uncomfortable your buttocks may feel, they will be a whole lot more uncomfortable if I decide that you should get another dose tomorrow. Do I make myself clear boy?�
James nodded and mumbled his agreement.
�Now to the matter in hand. I personally prefer to have a males genitally punished by one of the nurses rather than a cursory slapping but if the trial calls for that, that is what you will receive. I want you to mount this desk on your knees and facing away from me.� She again slid her chair back to accommodate him. 
Drawing the chair back to the desk she corrected his position so that his knees were well apart on the hard leather surface , his head well down and back arched. He could feel his testes hanging below him in a totally unprotected position. He again felt her hand reach under him and juggle the scrotum contents with increasing roughness until he started to buck and move his thighs from side to side in protest.
�Thus will be your final warning to remain still while I examine you boy!� She snapped grasping his scrotum with much greater firmness than he would have liked. �It is my job to inflict a little pain in this area and you will accept that pain without undue movement. Just remember that I can easily ask the nurse to give you a really hard session of real genital discipline. None of the girls in the squad seem to enjoy it when they have to place themselves in the nurse&#8217;s hands and I doubt that you with your somewhat exposed sensitive bits, will find it any pleasanter�.
She reached for the swatter and rested it on the rear of his scrotum. He felt it move away knowing that the strike was imminent. It still took him by surprise as his scrotal contents were hit and bounced forward. It was painful to the extent that his whole body started to move to protect his testes and his hand left the desk edge. Just in time he got himself under control and back in position.
Revelling in the power she had over the victim Miss Quinn reminded him that he had another stroke to come and that now he had felt the first, he would have to kneel there appreciating how much the second one would hurt, but not daring to resist its infliction in any way.
...and it did hurt, but he managed to hold position.
She allowed him to stand next to her and didn&#8217;t question the protective way he cupped his aching bulbs as she completed the paper work that the trial required. 
When he was again dressed in his flimsy clothing she had him at attention in front of her and,&nbsp; looking intently at him, spoke.
�At exactly 8pm this evening you will report to me in my rooms. I will be subjecting you to a period of obedience training which will require your total and immediate obedience to any order that I may care to give you. Some orders may be to carry out a rather personal service for me and whether or not you find that pleasant or very unpleasant, you will immediately and thoroughly carry out that order. It goes without saying that I will have the right to impose any physical punishment that I see fit and that I shall exercise that right with both severity and frequency. You should also remember that I may also decide to have you given another disciplinary the following day should you fail to impress me in any way. I would advise you to spend the interim hours getting yourself in the right submissive frame of mind that will minimise the need for me to hurt you during the session.
Dismissed!�

James reported back to the workshop and found himself engaged on packing various orders for the internet mail order section of the firm. His mind was mainly on what would happen to him that evening and trying to avoid attention to himself with his need to fidget on his hard stool to relieve the pain from his recent thrashing. As each order was placed in the box he did allow himself to speculate on who would be suffering with the varied canes, paddles and straps, not to mention the vicious nipple clamps and other items that he could only guess the use for. Not every owner could afford the extent of implements that his wife had ordered and some concentrated on just one item such as a heavy weight plastic rod that by sneaking a look at the order form, he read was to be used on a recalcitrant wife �who really needed something effective to correct her insolence.�
The time passed all too slowly and with his appetite markedly reduced, he was only able to peck at his dinner. He slowly made his way to the wardress accommodation and arrived at the door five minutes early. He spent the time trying to accept in his mind that whatever Miss Quinn wanted, he would have to supply it no matter how unattractive and appealing he might find her. A woman somewhat bulky and plain in appearance would hardly become more attractive when her outer uniform was removed but he would have no option than to perform as she required if his already bruised and aching buttocks were to be spared more beating.
At precisely 8pm he knocked gently on the door and after a few seconds it was opened. She stood there, still in uniform but with the jacket undone revealing her well filled white uniform shirt bulging over her skirt waistband and a tie. Wordlessly she flicked her head in the direction of the corridor behind her to indicate that he was to enter. He entered what seemed to be a sitting room. To his amazement there was a female prisoner, bent double, facing away from the door and with her feet wide apart, skirt raised over her waist and panties on display.
Her buttocks were red and bruised as were her upper thighs and she was whimpering quietly.
�I&#8217;m afraid that this young lady was not as well trained as I thought,� commented Miss Quinn. �I have had her report here to assist me in your training tonight but she has dared to express the opinion that she does not feel able to carry out that duty. I find this surprising as I have invested some time in training her in complying with my requirements over the past few days as her buttocks no doubt show. She foolishly refused to carry out many of the more personal duties that I required and paid the price for disobedience receiving two disciplinary canings plus a little correction or two from myself before obeying my orders.&nbsp; I will therefore have to clear up this little misunderstanding on her part before we can continue. I will now require that you lay on six with my strap across her backside to clear her mind of such objections. I will require each of the strokes to be laid on hard or I will simply give you the same punishment.�
She handed James her personal strap unhitched from her waist. He was surprised how thick it was and how heavy it felt even for a Senior Wardress&#8217;s item. He realised that it would hurt this poor girl like hell...but what choice did he have?




&nbsp; 




















Chapter 65
With a little re-write of the previous chapter:
Revelling in the power she had over the victim, Miss Quinn reminded him that he had another stroke to come and that now he had felt the first, he would have to kneel there appreciating how much the second one would hurt, but not daring to resist its infliction in any way.
...and it did hurt, but he managed to hold position.
She allowed him to stand next to her and didn&#8217;t question the protective way he cupped his aching bulbs as she completed the paper work that the trial required. 
When he was again dressed in his flimsy clothing she had him at attention in front of her and looking intently at him, spoke.
�At exactly 8pm this evening you will report to me in my rooms. I will be introducing you to a lady friend of mine for whom you will be working over the weekend. She is closely involved with Miss Finch and so you will need to be extremely obedient to her needs. She will be subjecting you to a period of obedience training which will require your total and immediate obedience to any order that she may care to give you. Some orders may be to carry out a rather personal service for her and whether or not you find that pleasant or very unpleasant, you will immediately and thoroughly carry out that order. It goes without saying that she will have the right to impose any physical punishment that she sees fit and that she will no doubt exercise that right with both severity and frequency. You should also remember that I may also decide to have you given another disciplinary when you are returned Monday morning should you fail to impress her in any way. I would advise you to spend the interim hours getting yourself in the right submissive frame of mind that will minimise the need for me to hurt you during your introduction to her.
Dismissed!�

James reported back to the workshop and found himself engaged on packing various orders for the internet mail order section of the firm. His mind was mainly on what would happen to him that evening and trying to avoid attention to himself with his need to fidget on his hard stool to relieve the pain from his recent thrashing. As each order was placed in the box he did allow himself to speculate on who would be suffering with the varied canes, paddles and straps, not to mention the vicious nipple clamps and other items that he could only guess the use of. Not every owner could afford the extent of implements that his wife had ordered and some concentrated on just one item such as a heavy weight plastic rod that, by sneaking a look at the order form he read was to be used on a recalcitrant wife �who really needed something effective to correct her insolence.�
The time passed all too slowly and with his appetite markedly reduced, he was only able to peck at his dinner. He slowly made his way to the wardress accommodation and arrived at the door five minutes early. He spent the time trying to accept in his mind that whatever Miss Quinn&#8217;s friend wanted, he would have to supply it no matter how unattractive and appealing he might find her. If she was similar to Miss Quinn herself, a woman somewhat bulky and plain in appearance, she would hardly become more attractive when her outer clothing or uniform was removed, but he would have no option than to perform as she required if his already bruised and aching buttocks were to be spared more beating.
At precisely 8pm he knocked gently on the door and after a few seconds it was opened. She stood there, still in uniform but with the jacket undone revealing her well filled white uniform shirt bulging over her skirt waistband and a tie. Wordlessly she flicked her head in the direction of the corridor behind her to indicate that he was to enter. He entered what seemed to be a sitting room. To his amazement there was a female prisoner, bent double, facing away from the door and with her feet wide apart, skirt raised over her waist and panties on display.
What he could see of her buttocks were red and bruised as were her upper thighs. She was whimpering quietly.
�I&#8217;m afraid that this young lady was not as well trained as I thought,� commented Miss Quinn. �I have had her report here to assist me in your interview tonight but she has dared to express the opinion that she does not feel able to carry out that duty. I find this surprising as I have invested some time in training her in complying with my requirements over the past few days as her buttocks no doubt show. She foolishly refused to carry out many of the more personal duties that I required and paid the price for disobedience receiving two disciplinary canings plus a little correction or two from myself before obeying my orders.&nbsp; I will therefore have to clear up this little misunderstanding on her part before we can continue. Rather than me expending any of my energy on the girl I will get you to do the disciplining. I now require that you lay on six with my strap across her backside to clear her mind of such objections. I will require each of the strokes to be laid on hard or I will simply give you the same punishment.�
She handed James her personal strap unhitched from her waist. He was surprised how thick it was and how heavy it felt even for a Senior Wardress&#8217;s item. He realised that it would hurt this poor girl like hell...but what choice did he have?
Nervously he gripped the Wardresses heavy strap and moved closer to the girl. She was slimly built but with enticingly shaped thighs and buttocks. He could see that she was shaking slightly and her exposed skin had a silky sheen of sweat. He looked at her panties and could see the tight crotch with the camel toe indentation of her vulva. He glanced at Miss Quinn who spoke.
�I don&#8217;t want you wasting effort on laying the strap over her clothing so get her to remove the underwear, then... do your duty.�
He ordered the girl to stand and could then see her flushed and tear stained face as she looked, imploringly at him. He recognised her from when she had been in the running group and remembered that she was one of the girls with the larger breasts that had been more that a little discomforted by the effort. Despite his nervousness at adopting the role of the inflictor of her pain, and accepting that it was either that or be beaten himself, he determined to impress Miss Quinn so that she would view him with some favour. He mentally imagined that he had his wife in his power and that certainly helped.
�Right girl, strip off your panties and hand them to me, then get back in position with feet wide apart and your upper body bent well over.�
With a look of utter resignation the girl stepped out of her regulation panties and looking shamefacedly at the floor, handed the garment to him then resumed her bent over position.&nbsp; When he had flicked to short skirt up over her back, she now revealed her anal cleft and crotch to his gaze. Her buttocks bore the inevitable marks and bruises from previous disciplines but he was intrigued to note that the slightly parted lips of her vulva showed redness through the pubic hairs that also indicated an early application of some leather.
It was certainly a first for him to have a female blatantly display herself and be about to receive a strapping. No female had ever shown him any kindness or consideration when he had been in that position and he felt that with the threat of being strapped himself for any lack of effort, this was no time to anguish about the girl&#8217;s feelings. He would simply lay on the strokes and let her cope with the pain.
He held the strap in his right hand and ran its heavy weight through the fingers of his left. It was certainly a heavy brute and the way it was split for the last eight inches or so would be bound to increase its bite. He slowly raised it over his right shoulder and brought it whirring down to impact across the widest part of the bruised buttocks with a loud splat.
The leather sank into the soft flesh of the girl&#8217;s buttocks and quickly rebounded to hang lose in his hand. Strokes two and three were laid on to the same spot with the girls driven forward slightly causing her to shuffle her spread feet.
He then ordered her to close her legs slightly so that her thighs were almost touching. He then laid on three strokes across the top of her thighs impacting only slightly on her buttocks. Both thighs were hit and as the pain peaked the girl leapt up and grasped her thighs looking at him with a look of pure hatred.
Hough looked at Miss Quinn and said that he thought he had �got through to her� but offered to lay on extra strokes if she considered it necessary on account of her unauthorised movement. Miss Quinn did not, and simply ordered the girl to replace her panties and take a seat on a high stool facing away from a nearby wall. This she did and, without prompting, spread her knees to the required amount displaying her tight white panty crotch to the room. He handed the warm leather strap to Miss Quinn who placed it on a nearby table.
Miss Quinn spoke:
�Well Hough, you certainly laid the strap on hard, but what I forgot to tell you was that Miss Brooks here will be in charge of you tonight and over the coming&nbsp; weekend whenever she is needed. She will be responsible for ensuring that you perform to my high standards. I am off to the local pub for an hour of relaxation so you will be under her total control while she briefs you in what will be required by your temporary employer. I thought it would be a good idea if she started the evening feeling that she owed you no shred of consideration or sympathy and I think, from the look on her face, that she is now prepared to deal with any error on your part in a very effective way. I want you now to kneel down on the mat in front of her. In my absence she will brief you fully on what the lady expects, what she likes and what she doesn&#8217;t like.� She handed the girl the same strap that had just lashed her buttocks, which she received with a smile through her flushed and tear damp face.
From his kneeling position he was at eye level with the spread panty crotch but knew that the girl would be unable to close her legs in the presence of the wardress. As she left the knees closed rapidly and he found himself staring at those dimpled knees as she looked down at him.
�I have been through hell with this wardress Hough and I don&#8217;t intend to give her any level of complaint with how you behave tonight that would result in me getting hurt anymore. You will be the one who gets hurt in here and if I have to thrash you every few minutes...that&#8217;s your problem.�
�Firstly, we had both better hope that when she returns she will not be too drunk. She will be bringing Mrs Turnbull back with us to check you over. I had to serve as her servant last weekend so I know exactly what you will be in for. She brought her back from the pub last Thursday and believe you me, she was a real bitch who was into female sex and made my life even more unpleasant. In practice, you and I have no rights whatsoever as we both desperately need to get a complimentary report from her. We will just have to do whatever she says or wants.... and try to do it in a way that gives her little cause for complaint. At least it will be mostly normal sex for you as a male, albeit of a humiliating nature, but I had to swallow my self esteem and provide girly sex even though it repulses me.�
�The other thing you had better realise and get your head around is that although you and I are required to be well washed and presented at all times, any staff member or guest has no such requirements. Miss Quinn knows only too well that we will have to take her as she is and that she has no need to scrub up in any way when being attended to by prisoners. You may have noticed that, being a hot day here, Miss Quinn&#8217;s shirt was already a little whiffy and you can bet that Mrs Turnbull, who runs the local riding stable will not be in a pristine condition after a day with the horses. Believe me, spending all day in her thick and tight riding gear does nothing for her personal scent. Her riding boots and socks make her feet smell like a cheese counter in an abandoned shop on a hot day. Add to that her habit of taking long rides that require her to use the nearest hedge to pull down her jodphurs and relieve herself without any toilet paper to hand... and you get the idea.
If either of us dares to register any distaste by our body language or fail to follow her orders to the letter she will take it out of our hides...and then we will still have to do what she wants. She believes in the use of pain to achieve results with her horses and maintains that view when it comes to prisoners like us... and....she is more than inventive in the way she applies this. Don&#8217;t think that the strap or the cane across the backside is the only method she uses. Having been under her training for a few days there is hardly a spot on my body that isn&#8217;t sore and tender as you will no doubt see if she orders me to strip later in the evening.�
�I have been at the bottom of the feeding chain all week and I intend that now that you are here, you will be taking the brunt of every complaint or her displeasure when we start her wretched games. I will probably have to hurt you at frequent intervals and your harsh use of the strap on me will certainly remove any inhibitions I might have had towards me caring for your comfort. We are both in for a pretty awful evening and weekend ...and you more than I.�
The girl then briefed him on what he would probably be required to do. The basic rule seemed to be to provide whatever Mrs Turnbull wants and whenever Mrs Turnbull wants it. 
She said that she particularly enjoyed all forms of bodily tongue service especially to the sexual areas and the more humiliating the chosen area was for her victim, the more it seemed to excite her. As a male she would also require penile service from him. Any lack of effort or slowness in following her orders would excuse a sadistic application of pain under the cover of discipline that he must try to avoid. If she needed to visit the toilet Hough would have to assist her in there and if she decided on a shower or bath he would be required to act as the body servant. He would have to help her dress or undress and he could both be expected to have to strip for her inspection whenever she deemed it was necessary. 
She then pointed out that Miss Quinn would expect to see some sort of effort by her towards Hough&#8217;s discipline ,so she had better cause him some pain before her return. 
� I think a few strokes of the strap you have just used will leave you convincingly marked for when she returns � she said with a smile. �I&#8217;m sure you will understand if I lay it on as hard as I can, after all, we really need to make sure you have a good set of weals!&nbsp; Now boy, get naked!�
Hough knew that he could have no say in the matter on either the grounds of the clear unfairness in having the young girl punish him for nothing or the need to be painfully marked. He slipped his clothes off and stood, naked in front of her awaiting her orders.
Brooks looked him up and down then walked around him ordering him to take up the attention position for inspection. She noted the abundant marks of some earlier punishment but it came as no surprise to her. It would be rare to find any prisoner without some marking from a recent or days old punishment. She sensuously draped the leather tip of the strap over his shoulders then used it to rub up and down on his covered penis.
�Retract foreskin boy!� she snapped.
And he did, realising that his member was becoming enlarged by the stimulation.
�&nbsp; I wouldn&#8217;t advise you to erect in front of Mrs Turnbull without her express permission Hough. By the time you are used in a private session with her you will have had the tip slapped several times by the stable girls and it may be too sore to erect...but if it isn&#8217;t, don&#8217;t allow it to. Otherwise she will use the lack of control as an excuse to hurt it even more. I would also remind you that she may want penis service and she certainly won&#8217;t take any claim about it being too tender too seriously.�
�Now, let&#8217;s take up the position you had me in shall we? I think you will find having your buttocks nice and tight will add to the effect...as I certainly did.�
He wondered if it might be worth asking for her sympathy in view of his recent caning that made his backside still felt more than tender. Then thought otherwise as it was rare for any prisoner to feel sympathy for another if that act of kindness might result in the slightest increase in their own misery. It took him some effort to fully please the young lady with his bent over, legs wide position. She then reached between his thighs from behind and gave his hanging testes a firm shake.
�I will do my best to avoid these Hough...but of course there are no guarantees and I may well elect to gave them a good slapping later in the evening anyway. Now brace yourself for some of what you were so delighted to give me!�
She surprised even herself with the force behind each of the eight strokes she delivered, especially the last two where she followed his technique and ordered him to close his legs to lay them over the tops of his thighs. It hurt Hough to the point that he was shaking when she gave him permission to stand.
She then pointed out that when she returned she would expect them both dressed, ready to greet her. They would need to be on their knees and ready to kiss the toe-caps of her shoes or boots and so Hough, with some relief, dressed again.
She then went on to warn Hough how he would also be expected to serve some of her favourite female staff who worked at the stable. It would seem that a small number of local girls were employed on low wages and they were only too willing to add to a prisoner&#8217;s misery and utilise them for their own pleasure. He could expect to be punished for any offence no matter how minor but even if he behaved perfectly, they would still find some excuse to inflict pain.
Whilst awaiting Miss Quinn&#8217;s return, Brooks showed Hough where the wardress&#8217;s uniforms were hung and together, they cleaned and polished her high heeled shoes in case she needed them the following day. Brooks was just hanging a uniform shirt on its rack when they heard footsteps and hurried to the entrance door.
There were two female voices.
Brooks looked at Hough in horror.
�Brace yourself Hough, here they are!�
Miss Quinn was first through the door and the two servants dropped to their knees in front of her, Carson kissing the left boot and Hough, rapidly learning what was needed, the right. They were both aware of another figure but dare not lift their heads to look at the person. When they were ordered to stand it was indeed Mrs Turnbull. She was a heavily built lady in her mid forties, shoulder length fair hair around a widely set strong looking face, wearing Jodhpurs, riding boots a white open necked shirt and carrying a riding hat under her arm. More ominously she held a thin black riding crop in her right hand.
She spoke to Miss Quinn as if they were not there.
�I recognise the girl of course and I presume that this is the male that will be in service to me this weekend.�
Miss Quinn agreed but pointed out that any such treatment or punishment would have to be accepted on a voluntary basis by the prisoner, but as an adverse report would result in really serious discipline, they usually knew not to complain but to just go along with whatever the guest wanted. 
�After all� agreed Mrs Turnbull, � they were there to learn obedience to any woman in authority and there was no better way to instil that obedience other that by making them carry out humiliating tasks and having to accept their superiors&#8217; right to inflict pain. Some of the females like Brooks here seemed to particularly resent having to carry out personal services to a female wardress but as she had eventually learnt, obeying every order to perform a sexual service was really the easiest way to avoid frequent applications of some form of painful correction.�
The jodphured lady then went on to say that she still found it almost impossible to believe that prisoners could be thrashed in this day and age but it was clearly a system that worked. The supply of servants from various Correctional Centres to her Riding Stable had always been appreciated and she was more than happy to take this particular male in for training and to carry out some of the less pleasant tasks. Miss Quinn rapidly agreed that there had always been a marked improvement in the prisoners&#8217; attitude when they had been in her care and that the girl here was a good example. Mrs Turnbull went on to say that she only wished she could lay her crop across the backside of some of the employees that worked for her to ginger them up a bit and asked how long was it since the pair had been punished.
Miss Quinn suggested that she could best determine that by inspecting the male. She was reminded that she would be able to make that as uncomfortable and embarrassing as she wished without any concern about their privacy or comfort. She then ordered them both to the present, told them that they would address the lady as Ma&#8217;am and that they would obey every order she might give them.
They stood rigidly in front of her, feet well apart hands on head and elbows forced back. After a few minutes looking them up and down she pointed to Hough and said that she would start with him. Miss Quinn immediately stepped in and said that she would let Brooks assist and guide her as this would be her first time. As she was more used to inspecting horses perhaps she might like to have him on all fours on the nearby large table.
With a cheeky grin that she was unable to hide, Brooks ordered him to strip completely and soon had him kneeling uncomfortably on all fours on the table. Mrs Turnbull, the hat now on her head, circled the table flexing her crop between her hands before sliding it between his rear legs to ease his haunches apart, then firmly lift his dangling scrotum.
�Before I check one of the horses I get one of the stable girls to give it a good hosing down with a cold hosepipe then a brisk scrub with one of the hard brushes especially around the hind quarters. After that it has always been my normal technique for inspections to start by giving the animal a sharp reminder of my control, I find, particularly with the high spirited stallions that they become more submissive that way.� She looked towards Miss Quinn for guidance.
�A couple of good points there Sam,� she responded. �As you can see from Hough&#8217;s backside he has needed frequent applications of both the strap and the cane to further his training so a couple with that crop of yours would be an excellent start. As to his cleanliness, should you find any lack of care on his part with his personal hygiene a cold hose and scrubbing bush will be the least of his worries as we absolutely require the highest standards from all the prisoners. But your inspection should display whether he needs any further cleaning.�
The crop was one of the thin springy types with a knotted cord tassel at the tip. The woman was somewhat unsteady but she still managed to give him two wristy cuts that stung like hell. She then dropped the crop on the table between his knees and started to roughly run her hands over his chest squeezing both nipples until he shifted his position in protest.
Standing to his side, one hand went in front of his thighs and grabbed his erecting penis and the other between his thighs from behind and gripped his dangling scrotum.
�How often does he get to use these?� she inquired.
Miss Quinn explained that it was largely up to any lady who happened to be supervising him. He required a formal milking by a nurse at regular intervals but that was always done in a way that would confer as little pleasure as possible. In general using a male prisoner or someone here for training like Hough for penetrative sex was frowned upon as making him provide more submissive services to a female would establish his lower status more effectively. But of course, that decision would always be up to the lady in charge of him.
�Mmm I will have to get a couple of my girls to deal with this rampant problem of his, if he is regularly milked it will also make any discipline that much more effective. They are well practiced in handling the stallions so this little object he has won&#8217;t be a problem�.
She gripped his penis and suddenly snatched the foreskin back exposing his sore glans. She then twisted the organ this way and that as she leant down and examined the surface for cleanliness. Moving to his rear her thumbs were inserted into the buttock crease either side of his hidden anus then used to force the cheeks apart and expose him. A combination of his bruises and the sensitivity of his orifice caused him to flinch.
Ignoring this muted protest she firmly rubbed a finger tip against his exposed anus then sniffed it.
�He will certainly be a candidate for a yard scrubbing if he arrives at my stables in this state,� she mused. �Nothing that my girls can&#8217;t sort out I am sure. How much of a problem will he be when it comes to obedience, has he been properly schooled?�
Miss Quinn looked a little embarrassed. �Sadly, he is here because his wife has been unable to achieve a really good result on that score. She has had him professionally assessed and trained but he still needs a firm hand which we hope you will give him. Don&#8217;t give him any leeway when it comes to satisfying your standards Sam�.
Mrs Turnbull moved round to his head, put her hand under his chin and raised it to look directly into his eyes. Then pulled his jaws apart and peered into his gaping mouth. He could smell alcohol on her breath and saw her cruel blue eyes staring at his teeth.
Relaxing the pressure keeping his jaws open she still held him under the chin and whispered
�Anything other than total obedience Hough and you will rapidly find why Brooks here is so reluctant to pay me a second visit.�
To both servants&#8217; relief, Mrs Turnbull seemed to lose interest in tormenting either of them any further and having discussed the arrangements for Hough&#8217;s transfer to her care went off with Miss Quinn leaving them to tidy up and return to their quarters.
Hough spent a restless night but was standing at the gates to the building, dressed in his T shirt, denim shorts and white trainers. Promptly at 9am a white SUV pulled up driven by a girl in riding gear in her early twenties. She only spoke to ask his name then gestured to the rear seats driving off before he had time to even fasten his seat belt.
There was no conversation during the short five minute drive. They pulled up at the back of another large old house to the rear of which lay a stable yard in which were several girls in their twenties carrying out various horse related tasks. With a curt �Follow me!� the driver led him to an office in the front of a large barn. Inside, Mrs Turnbull sat behind a large desk dressed in a tight fitting white shirt and tie in the equestrian style.
He instinctively stood in front of her at attention. She continued tapping away at her keyboard for some time before glancing up at him.
�Well Hough, here you are in my charge for a while and in the position of yard servant to my establishment. You will find that I cater to an all female and very up-market class of client who pay high prices for my horses and facilities and expect the very best. It will be your job to cater for their every wish and this will range from cleaning their riding boots after each ride, assisting them on mounting, dismounting and leading them in and out of the stable yard. You will therefore be spending most of today either in or close to the boot room. You will be supervised by any of my stable girls whom you will show total respect and address as �Miss�. The customers will all be addressed as �Madam� and myself as �Ma&#8217;am�.&nbsp; Is that clear?�
Hough instantly agreed, still looking straight ahead.
�I have of course been speaking to your long suffering wife and received her permission to treat this stay with me as a furtherance of your training, training which seems so far to have had little beneficial effect on your attitude or obedience to female authority. I doubt that there will be any need for leniency on my behalf as your type clearly will only respond to the harshest of disciplines so just bear in mind that you have brought this situation down on your own head and will simply have to accept whatever treatments my young ladies or myself deem appropriate. Your lady wife did mention that you will be due for a maintenance beating by this evening so whatever else befalls you, do keep that in mind.
I think I will start your service here with an inspection. Strip naked!�
Hough glanced nervously around the office then removed his T shirt, dropped his shorts then his slimline pants before bending to take off his trainers then returning to the attention position.
Mrs Turnbull stood, came round to his side of the desk slipping a black riding glove on to her right hand. Without any warning she suddenly slapped his left cheek then backhanded his right. His ears were still ringing when she spoke reminding him that she would be accepting no nonsense from him when under her control.
She then told him to spread his legs wide, reached down with the gloved hand that had just lashed his face and firmly grasped his penis pulling up towards his chest as he desperately fought to remain flaccid.
�My experience of young men is that they are remarkably similar to my ungelded horses in that this thing is constantly leading them into trouble. My staff are well versed in giving the male horse a quick slap with their crops when they see any erection and I will brief them to take the same attitude with you. As, unlike the horses, you will be dressed most of the time, they will be told to have you drop your shorts at regular intervals so they can check for any signs of tumescence. I note that your foreskin is covering the tip so before any punishment is inflicted you will be told to retract that fully so that the entire length of your penis is available and vulnerable to the tab on their crops... should they need to slap you in that area. Now bend over and grip your ankles Hough!�
He did. and saw her move round to his rear then run the gloved hand over his still tender nates.
�The two taps I gave you last night are still visible I see...and there is certainly some marking from your previous thrashings. Please don&#8217;t expect any leniency on that accord as we will make no allowance for you being stupid enough to attract discipline before you got here. It will however be in your best interest to bear in mind that you are a little tender in that area and try to keep your nose clean. When you need any further punishment we can also utilise other areas on which to inflict it....but almost certainly these buttocks of yours will be getting some additional pain when any of my staff consider it necessary.�
Without warning her leather gloved hand was suddenly thrust between his splayed legs and his scrotum roughly grasped from the rear making him flinch and momentarily stand on his toes.
�A little sensitive there are we Hough?� she snapped. �We must try to remember that these are included in any disciplines that may be needed. It is always interesting to see how little effort by a lady can result in such an extreme reaction by a male such as yourself when it comes to merely handling them.�
With a final squeeze she released her gip and had him stand to dress himself. He was then told to follow her out into the yard and then into a large barn where the stable girls were seated around a rustic table enjoying a morning coffee.
He was introduced as the new yard servant and made to stand in front of them. There were five in total, all in their mid to late twenties and all dressed in jodhpurs, riding boots and white tight fitting shirts. One of them announced that her name was Miss Sophie and that she was in overall charge under Mrs Turnbull. She stood, came round the table and stood immediately in front of Hough looking him up and down.
�All you have to remember boy is that you obey all of us at all times and then your stay here won&#8217;t be too unpleasant. However, if you are as slow witted and stupid as most prisoners that we get here, you will be in for a very rough time indeed. We specialise in training horses and a mere male will be no problem when it comes to making him obedient. We will now finish our coffee and you will start by cleaning the toilet block over by the boot room. I will inspect in thirty minutes and will want to see a clean floor, clean pans and fully stocked toilet rolls and towels. Go!�
The ladies toilet block had obviously not been cleaned for several days. Hough set to by sweeping the concrete floor then, having found the cleaning tools, used the long handled brush to scrub each of the three pans, each in its own cubicle. He found the store cupboard and re-stocked the cubicles and sinks to what he hoped was the required amount.
All too soon he heard the approaching footsteps and Miss Sophie stood in front of him carrying a thin crop with a leather tab at the tip in her right hand. She walked around the toilet block and returned to face him.
�A reasonable start Hough. When you have more time I want those toilet pans scrubbed by hand so that they are really spotless, both inside and out. Now let&#8217;s check on how your animal instincts are being kept under control. Drop your shorts and underwear!�
He did, and stood ready for inspection. Fortunately he was flaccid and stood staring straight ahead desperately trying to think of everything that would keep him in that safe state. There was a clatter as she dropped the crop on the concrete floor then faced away from him bending fully over to retrieve it from where it fell. Her tightly jodhpured backside was presented to him and the outline of her panties were just visible around the tops of her thighs. She then turned and leant forward so that her shirt hung slightly open and her bra encased breasts were just visible, fully knowing the effect her display would have on the sex starved male.
She was not disappointed as his penis started to engorge. Reaching forward with the tip of the crop she lifted it fully up.
�Oh dear Hough. Despite Mrs Turnbull&#8217;s kind attempt to warn you against such displays you seem determined to attract punishment. I will have to deal with this right now so pull your foreskin fully to the rear please. I know that this will hurt but I will have to give you two sharp slaps across what I believe is called the knob. You will now put your hands behind your neck, stand fully upright and accept my punishment without undue movement. Are you ready boy?�
He stood as she directed and nervously nodded his agreement.
She rested the tab under the shiny wet glans. Lowered it a few inches and then brought it up sharply with an audible tap.
She then waited for a couple of minutes �For the pain to take effect Hough�.
Then she carefully and callously brought the tab down sharply on top of the quivering tip.
The sting was immense and he only just managed to remain in position. Again she waited some time for the full effect to pass before she gently lifted the penis with her crop, inspected the reddened skin, then ordered him to replace his foreskin and dress.
He was then told to start work in the boot room where, fortunately, there were just three pairs of ladies riding boots awaiting cleaning. Even so, the caked on mud and horse droppings took some time to remove, and then the simple task of applying the black or brown polish and rubbing it in with a brush in one hand whilst holding the boot with his left fist rammed into the sweaty leather foot, took some time and effort.
He had just finished when the first rider of the day walked in accompanied by one of the stable girls. She was a rather unattractive short woman in her early forties, somewhat plump with a rear made even larger by the tight jodhpurs she wore. Instead of a riding jacket she wore a thin woollen sweater that did little to hide her large breasts that, from their outline, were encased in a necessarily heavy support brassiere. A black riding hat sat on her head with her hair in a bun behind it. She looked down on Hough as he gave a boot a final polish and spoke to the girl.
�He&#8217;s new here isn&#8217;t he? Will he be available to me after the ride if I need some help in unwinding...you know how these horses can stimulate a female so? I have my own boy with me so I might use them both depending on how I feel.�
Just then they were joined by a male in his early thirties dressed exactly as was Hough. From his nervous demeanour he was obviously another prisoner of some sort. Certainly, the way in which he gave Hough a quick conspiratorial glance added to that view.
Hough remained on his knees as he listening to the conversation knowing that he would have no choice in the matter whatever she wanted.
�Of course Mrs Hart, you only have to mention it on your return and we will be delighted to arrange it. He is rather new here and may need a firm hand but I&#8217;m sure that you will be happy to provide that. Would you like to inspect him before the ride?�
Mrs Hart declined but agreed that she would inspect him on her return in one of the individual stalls where a little privacy could be achieved. Right now she needed her boots to be fitted and then she would be ready for the horse.
The girl indicated the black laced boots on the rack and Hough retrieved them, knelt at the woman&#8217;s feet as she lay back in a wooden chair and removed her rubber wellington boots,&nbsp; revealing a pair of dirty white socks. With some effort he then heaved the riding boots over the socks and up the thick calves until he could fasten the long front laces.
As her boots were being fitted she asked the girl if it might be possible for her boy to be given his overdue maintenance beating whilst she was out. The girls agreed saying that Hough was due for one and both could easily be fitted in. As she had heard that Hough was also due for a milking before hand, she wondered if Mrs Hart would like her boy to receive the same treatment.
Mrs Hart was most grateful for the offer. 
�I know it has to be done,� she sniffed �but I find the whole event most unpleasant so it would be most appreciated if you and your other girls would give him a really thorough draining and naturally, if it can be done in a way in which he won&#8217;t enjoy it...and before he is beaten...he will really learn something from this afternoon. I have brought a suitable implement that he can collect from the Range Rover when you need it. It&#8217;s a Canadian Prison Strap, nothing too serious but the action part is made of heavy rubber and stings to a satisfactory degree I believe. 12 strokes should be sufficient, but I will leave the details to Miss Sophie so that she can react appropriately if he gives you any lip or problems.� 
The boots now fitted, she stood without a word of thanks and, followed by her �boy�, walked out into the yard where her horse had been saddled and stood waiting. Immediately the boy crouched down in the mud so that she could place one booted foot on his back and lift her bulk up on to the saddle. The stable girl then handed her a long nasty looking riding whip and with a flick to the horses flank, she was away. 
Hough and the other male were then set to work in the tack room applying leather conditioner to the row of ladies saddles hanging in racks. Having carefully checked that they were out of sight of the stable girls they fell into conversation as they worked. 
His name was Harry Lester but had become used to just being addressed as �boy� which he had to accept without question. It seemed that he was a prisoner in a nearby Correctional Centre and was out on loan to Mrs Hart who was a close friend of several of the lady staff. Despite his efforts to comply with the rules of the Centre he always seemed to be victimised by the staff, and in particular one older lady wardress. He therefore had his sentence increased each time he was near release so that a three month sentence for Insolence to a lady security guard at an airport had already resulted in over a year in captivity. Work in the Community for Mrs Hart was supposed to be a chance to prove himself suitable for freedom but it had turned into a nightmare of cruelty from which there seemed to be no escape. She turned out to be a lady who believed in having total authority over a servant and for whom strict and humiliating discipline was almost a hobby.
He now knew that he had been handpicked for what Mrs Hart believed to be her rights as a female with power. It started when he fell foul, yet again, of the wardress who was his constant threat.
He had been ordered to carry out a personal service to the wardress who was always finding fault with him. She was in her late forties around 5&#8217;10&#8217;&#8217; tall and bulky in build.&nbsp; It had been a hot and humid day and the wardress, wearing a tight heavy&nbsp; uniform and regulation thick panties, had had a busy day, rushing here and there. She told him that she required a tongue service to her lower body. She simply stood in front o him, ordered him to his knees then turned away as she lifted her uniform skirt and pointed to her large panty clad buttocks.

Lester had the audacity, when approaching his task, to suggest that she might first like to take a shower. The wardress, Miss Harwood became furious. She slapped his face several times and told him that he was "On Report".

When the Senior Wardress heard the charge the next morning she was appalled at his lack of obedience. She found him guilty of "Refusal to obey an order". And after further consideration, ..."Insolence to a staff member".

He was taken to the guard room where he was stripped, strapped to the frame by two policewomen and then kept waiting for the arrival of the duty sergeant. They were joined by a young nurse who complained to the other women how she had better things to do than monitor a mere male under discipline. One of the policewomen leant down to a level with his head and told him, with a girlish giggle, that the duty sergeant today was a lady who could be relied upon to put her weight behind a thrashing. 

She arrived and Lester realised what she meant. From his humbling position she appeared enormous. Tall and very overweight she was dressed in a bulging pair of tight uniform trousers and a uniform jacket with hat. She slipped off the jacket and casually draped it over his back so that he could feel its weight and the domed buttons digging into his back. Next she removed her hat and added that to the jacket.

She walked round to his head so that her bulging thighs were at eye level then squatted down to look into his eyes. Her plump leather gloved hands lifted his head and she smiled at his face.

�You won&#8217;t enjoy this boy. Don&#8217;t try to obtain any sympathy by whining. You will be getting the full punishment and I will make damn sure that it is laid on hard so that you have cause to think about your insolence.�

She then went round to his rear, announced to the other ladies that she wanted to check that he had been properly secured so that he would be unable to move and, reaching between his parted thighs grasped his scrotum.

It wasn&#8217;t a really firm squeeze but one that was sufficient to cause him some pain. Instinctively he tried to rise from the grip but found that he could hardly flinch let alone escape. Satisfied she nodded at the nurse who swabbed the buttock area liberally with a strong smelling disinfectant liquid which ran down his anal cleft and the backs of his thighs.

The sergeant selected a cane from the wall rack and gave it a few practice swishes. She then tried several until she found one that she approved of and held it out to the nurse to be swabbed along its length. At last she was ready and took up her position to the left of his raised rear.

The guardroom canes were all chosen for their weight and effectiveness. Combined with this heavily built lady&#8217;s best efforts it came as no surprise to the male just how much each stroke of the total of twelve really hurt. They were delivered at 30 second intervals and started at the top of his buttocks working down.

The Sergeant then picked up her jacket and hat, put them on a nearby bench, slipped off her uniform leather gloves and left with her policewomen, leaving him in the care of the Nurse.

She again swabbed the now beaten nates with cold and stinging antiseptic fluid.

�It takes a lot to get through to you prisoners,� she murmured, �But I have a feeling that the next twelve will have some effect.� 

Lester thought long and hard about another problem that had arisen. He desperately needed to relieve himself. He knew that it would be at least another 45 minutes before he would be released and would the upcoming pain make him loose control and incur even more displeasure in the mind of the Sergeant. He accepted that he would be paying a price, but told the nurse about his problem.

�The last thing you want to do is to urinate on the floor here, believe me, you will be up before the Senior Wardress and find yourself back on the horse within hours. I do have the necessary bottle that you can use, but it will come at a price: I will hold the bottle and permit your relief but I will impose a genital punishment for taking up my time in such a disgusting procedure. In brief, in return for my assistance, I will give your testicles a beating. The rules restrict what I can do but I doubt that you will enjoy it and it will amuse me and fill in the time until they return. Naturally you will be unable to protect them as they are somewhat exposed and your body is somewhat secured. As the pain will just be for my amusement you could object so I will guarantee that if you keep this between ourselves, you won&#8217;t need thrashing for soiling the guardroom floor and I won&#8217;t recommend and extra strokes at the conclusion of your thrashing, and as I could order up to another four really hard ones across all the weals, you might even be grateful.�

Lester grunted his approval and prepared to tense himself.

The Nurse slipped on another pair of blue latex gloves, reached under his spread thighs and jerked his foreskin fully back. She then retrieved a male urinary bottle from her bag and pushed it up harshly so that the long neck encased his penis and pressed against his stomach.&nbsp; She then gave the order to release.

It was a somewhat noisy procedure but one that brought blissful release to Hough. Even as the receptacle was removed he then started worrying about the inevitable price he would now pay.

The Nurse looked around the room at the various instruments that were available to inflict scrotal pain. Smilingly she picked up the Sergeant&#8217;s gloves in her right hand and slapped them into the palm of her left.

She went to his rear, reached between his spread and now twitching thighs and gently stroked his hanging testes with the fingers of the glove. Instinctively they retracted slightly but being a warm room, still hung there completely vulnerable to whatever the nurse decided.

She decided to hurt him.

Drawing the leather gloves well back, she gave the scrotum a sharp flick that made the hanging contents bounce forward. The gripping pain came almost instantly along with the knowledge that there would be two further slaps and that neither could be avoided in any way. When they came they were even firmer slaps to the swinging testes.

Even the nurse was impressed that he accepted the discipline with just loud grunts and she soon returned the gloves to their original position and waited for the policewomen to return&nbsp;&nbsp; All three ran their hands over the now wealed and bruised target then took up their positions with the sergeant giving a few practice swishes of the cane.

The final twelve were laid on with the same full effort as the first, leaving the male victim shaking and breathing heavily. As the others left, the nurse unstrapped him and led him, still shaking to a seat against the wall. He was allowed an hour to recover and dress then, to his horror, the same lady wardress that had complained collected him from the guardroom and took him back to her quarters.


She believed that the male had still to learn true obedience to his superiors. The Wardress, Mrs Carson was in her late forties and therefore older than most of the junior staff as she came into the service later in life. She was of a large build and certainly not attractive to younger men, or at least to those who have a choice. The male prisoner did not have that choice and was still in considerable pain following his two thrashings. He followed her knowing that she had total and absolute power over him and that whatever she wanted him to do, he must obey.

She took a seat in a comfortable armchair and orders him to kneel at her feet... at attention.

"Well boy, we meet again. I trust that you remember that last night we had a little disagreement when you failed to follow my orders. I hope that the treatment you received today will help you to avoid any further discipline...but we will have to see. I have been given special authority to punish you myself should it be necessary and rest assured, if you are up before the Senior staff tomorrow morning �following another complaint from me you may expect no mercy. Do I make myself clear?"

She then casually uncrossed and re-crossed her booted legs giving him a glimpse of her stockinged plump thighs and panties.

Ignoring his mumbled "Yes Ma'am", she continued.

"It seems that you expect the lady staff here to prepare themselves before requiring you to carry out any personal service for them. You should realise that they are all busy ladies who lead an active life and that particularly in this hot weather, they will perspire and emit womanly odours. There is no requirement for them to take any care with their personal hygiene when it is only a prisoner that they have in their charge. You, boy, and all the other males here will have to learn to accept the lady as she is, without question, complaint or reluctance in any way. I have arranged for you to be employed for a week in the Staff social centre washrooms where you will be required to keep the sinks and stalls spotlessly clean and most importantly, assist those ladies who require it, in the stalls themselves.�This will ensure that you are fully aware of the sights and scents of the lady staff members. However, first you will still need to demonstrate to me that you have learned your lesson in this area. It will be my job today to ensure you are fully trained in what we call Crotch Service so that no other wardress here has such a problem with you.&nbsp; When we have more time we normally arrange for a couple of female prisoners to be brought up from the Female PDC. They are kept, in full uniform in one of our holding cells for a couple of days with no washing facilities and just a metal pail for their functions. Believe me, at the end of this time in an overheated cell, they are both pretty ripe. The offending male is then supervised and made to carry out all the possible body and crotch services that a lady could ask for. Today, at my specific request, I have been allowed to perform that function for your training�.

Again her legs were crossed and uncrossed. She appeared to take no notice of the male&#8217;s instinctive eye movements to take in the view.

�Now to myself.&nbsp; As with the other wardreses I am still wearing the winter uniform as required by the regulations. Unfortunately, with this sudden hot weather this is a little tiresome but the rules must be followed. The skirt and jacket are woollen and rather heavy so we all feel a little hot and bothered. The uniform shirt is also thick. Naturally when exercising you prisoners in the freezing cold and you are stripped down to a thin vest and thin shorts this keeps us warm and snug, but at the moment we are all looking forward to when we can change into the summer rig.

As to my more intimate clothing: The stockings that I see you keep staring at are woollen and as the feet are encased in the uniform boots you may expect that my feet are less than fresh. I am also wearing the heavy weight sports support brassiere that are issued to the larger ladies and the regulation thick winter sensible panties. The result of this clothing is that all of us staff are sweating profusely during the daytime and by the evening are all a little whiffy to say the least. Naturally, a thorough hot shower fresh deodorant and a change of clothes works wonders and so you might expect that this morning I am fresh and fragrant.

Unfortunately for you boy, not only have I avoided a shower since yesterday morning, I&nbsp; have also not changed my rather damp stockings and underwear for a couple of days. You may also find that my natural functions over the past 30 hours have also left their mark as I always seem in rather a rush to be too fastidious with such things. 

Had you simply followed orders last night this would all have been avoided so you only have yourself to blame. 

We will start with you stripping fully for inspection. I want to see just how thorough the police sergeant was with the cane. You will no doubt require disciplining from time to time so each time you commit an error, I will note it in the little book over there and when you have accumulated sufficient demerits...you will be dealt with.�

�Strip!�

Lester leapt to his feet, not wishing to give her any excuse to make an entry in the book. He soon stood in front of the armchair stark naked and feeling exceptionally vulnerable. She indicated to him to turn around, then to face away from her and bend over. Reaching out she gently stroked the ugly welts that ran parallel across his tender nates.

�Looks uncomfortable boy�, she said, then without warning dragged both sets of finger nails sharply down crossing the ridges at right angles. Taken by surprise he leapt up. She made no criticism but simply told him to bring the book over to her and then made an entry.

Putting the book down she repeated the cruel nail drag across the throbbing weals and this time, he only flinched in response.

�Better� she murmured. �If your backside is really as tender as you seem to suggest it is I would tread carefully over the next few hours. I will have no hesitation in ignoring your existing bruising when it comes to inflicting more of the same�.

She made him part his legs, reached between them, and cupped his testes in her hand.

� I hear that the nurse gave these a few slaps...did it hurt?� 

He assured her that it certainly did ...and was again reminded that to tread carefully.

 �I am authorised to inflict genital punishments and with such a sensitive target that enables me to inflict so much pain for so little effort they may well be feeling even more tender later in the day�.

A quick firm squeeze that raised him on tip-toe and she stood up.

�Remove my uniform jacket.�

He stood and approached her. He carefully unbuttoned the silver buttons on the front then stood behind her to pull the heavy jacket off her shoulders. He then draped the jacket over the chair she had vacated, realising his mistake as he did so.

�Another entry for the book boy she intoned. Not treating a wardress uniform with respect is a serious offence. These demerits are building at a fast rate boy�.

He carefully hung the coat in the wardrobe that she indicated then handed her the book for another entry.

�Remove my tie then undo the top four buttons of my shirt.�

Nervously he slipped off the black tie then fumbled to open the top button followed by the other three. He could see the tops of her mature soft breasts and caught a whiff of bodily sweat.

�Now allow me to introduce you to some womanly odours. You will first stick your nose up into my right armpit and inhale deeply. Then the left and following that you may put it between my breasts and inhale, through your nostrils as usual, until I tell you to stop.�

He slowly pushed his nose up into the visibly moist material. The acrid smell of unwashed armpit was strong but he followed the order and inhaled several times. He then transferred to the other area and repeated the sniffing. Finally he apprehensively pulled the shirt apart and pushed his face into the void. It was slightly less acrid than the armpit and he had to admit the view was greatly improved.

�Remove the nose boy...and hand me the book�.

Having made the entry she explained that the order was to visit the right armpit first. As he had stuck his nose into the left one that showed carelessness in obeying orders and would have to be dealt with.

�It&#8217;s amazing Lester, just how disobedient you are. I had hoped to avoid any further pain for you but clearly that won&#8217;t be possible and I must clear some of the demerits you have collected right now. Any punishment I give will take place in another room to emphasise the formality. Go into the bathroom, raise the toilet seat, stand facing it with legs wide, knees slightly bent and bend over to rest your hands on the pan rim. I will be along in a while as keeping you waiting will help to concentrate your mind�.

Lester did as she ordered. The bathroom was not too large and he hoped that this would limit the swing on any implement she might use to re-ignite the weals on his buttocks. He would prefer to be strapped down as he was at the centre to prevent any �refusal to remain in position� once the pain kicked in, but he knew he would be denied that comfort.

It was around ten minutes before she entered the room. He glanced back and was surprised to see that she was not carrying any implement, instead she reached into a laundry basket and retrieved a pair of her regulation&nbsp; white panties.

�I have decided to impress my authority on you as early as possible boy. You will therefore be receiving a testicular punishment.� I am authorised to hit them with any item of personal use that I might choose. Naturally my worn panties or brassiere straps spring to mind. Had this been the summer you might have got away with a few flicks from a panty thong but you might find the panties I have available to be somewhat heavier and more painful, especially when they have absorbed a fair amount of body sweat and fluids�.

She reached under his splayed thighs, gripped the scrotum and gave it a vigorous shake. �In this position you are totally vulnerable and naturally, if you try to move or protect yourself, I will use a leather paddle on them that will teach you a lesson that you won&#8217;t forget, in fact it might make you want to throw up in the toilet that you are clinging to.�


�These are the regulation winter uniform panties that we wear here. White is not the most practicable colour for such items but it was chosen to give the male servant a challenge when it came to hand washing them and removing any stains. It will be the crotch part that will actually contact your ball sac. I have decided that the usual three slaps should be sufficient for now. You will now bend your knees slightly as the semi-squat position displays your scrotum fully�.

�Brace yourself boy!�

She squatted down on her knees behind him, held the panties by the waistband, brought the material up to touch the rear of his dangling exposed scrotum, drew her hand back and then brought the panties slapping into the rear of the sac.

It swung forward and a grunt of pain came from the boy. This was followed by a low moan as the gripping cramp hit his lower stomach. Apart from some flexing of his bent knees he absorbed the pain without movement.

Mrs Carson&nbsp; repeated the slap and received the same audible results.

She now waited for over two minutes to increase his sense of helplessness even more. She could see the nervous twitching of the legs and the frantic grasp the boy had on the slippery porcelain rim. She then drew her hand further back than before and brought the soiled panties slashing into the hanging bulbs.

This time he yelped aloud and lost his grip but soon regained it. His legs were shaking and a low whimpering moan was heard as the cramping hit.

He was then made to stand, with shoulders back, legs wide and hands on head and a little further back from the pan. She lowered the seat and sat there with her knees between his spread legs. She reached between them and cupped his throbbing balls.

�Aching a bit I trust� she said with a grin. �They really are useful to me as I know how much you males hate having them slapped... and they are so easy to hurt...hardly any effort required by me. You can consider yourself lucky with me using panties as there is no chance of doing them any real harm but I can make you very aware of my authority with just a few flicks. I&#8217;m afraid that won&#8217;t be the last time in this session that I apply discipline to them so you will have to continue knowing that I could hurt them at any time and for any reason...or perhaps...just because I feel like it.�

Her fingers left the sac and moved up to his nipples which she gently stroked with a finger tip.

�Before I move on to your crotch training there is another area that I must prepare. It is always useful to have you nipples sensitised so that the slightest touch by me hurts you. What I am going to do with you in front of me is to use pressure to make both of them super sensitive. I will start with these nasty little clamps for a few minutes. Again you are luckier than most as if you were one of the females, particularly with big thick puffy nipples, this application of the clamps would have you wetting yourself.�

She reached out to a side shelf and picked up what looked like two metal clips joined by a thin chain. She pressed and opened one exposing angry little teeth then&nbsp; squeezed the left nipple with the fingers of her other hand, connected the device to the area and released the pressure allowing&nbsp; the teeth to grip the pink small nub.

Lester gasped as the sharp pain registered. When the other nipple had been clamped he gasped again and his knees flexed.

�Surprisingly painful for such small devices isn&#8217;t it� she smiled.� I can only leave them on for around five minutes at a time but they will really make your little nips throb, especially when they are removed. When I re-apply them later to those nipples you will really appreciate how effective they are. It&#8217;s not unusual to have tears running down the face after a while. �

�Now, boy, while they are doing their work we will fill in with some further training. As you can see I am sitting on a toilet, and as I need to train you in assisting ladies to relieve themselves this would be a good time to start. Kneel in front of me close to my knees.�

She then parted her knees fully and with her skirt slightly raised over her knees, he found himself staring at her pantied crotch. 

�You will kneel in that position in front of the toilet pan, having ensured that it is spotlessly cleaned and flushed following the last user. I also suggest that it will be in your own interests to check that there is sufficient toilet paper left on the roll. If she does not want a serviced relief you will be told to stand with your back to the seat so that you can see nothing that is taking place. Usually however you will be given the order to assist. You will then reach up under the skirt, Grasp the sides of the panties with your fingers and slowly and respectfully pull then down to around her ankles. She will then sit ...and open her thighs.

She may wish you to remain in position or she may point to between her legs. In which case place your head up against her stomach so that your face is looking down into the pan. This action has two functions. The first is that is you will be able to see or sense what is going on and therefore when it stops. It will also inform you as to which area or areas will need cleaning afterwards. Secondly your face will make a reasonable seal with her body and the seat therefore thus preventing her being subjected to any unpleasant odours.

On the other hand she may simply point to her panty crotch stretched between her parted ankles. In this case you will bend forward and press your nose well into the material and remain there until she tells you to resume your kneeling position.

When the lady considers that she is fully relieved she will stand. You will then rest your hand on the toilet paper roll and she will nod if that is her preferred method of cleaning or shake her head if it is not. She will then spread her feet wide and lean backwards to give you full access to the front area. If she has elected that you can use the toilet tissue, bear in mind that you only have one roll per session so use it economically. When you have dried her vaginal area, if it is required, she will turn around, place her legs apart and lean forward to give you full access to her rear which you will wipe until clean . You will be receiving training from me on the �no paper� methods so no need to discuss this further now.

She will then turn around, you will carefully lift up and fit the panties and then lower her skirt. If you are lucky you may even get a friendly tap on the head as she leaves. If not she may well tick the �poor service� box on your attendance form pinned to the outside of the stall door.

Now all that remains is for you to flush the toilet, spray the deodoriser around, clean the area, use the mouthwash wash your hands and face and kneel for the next staff member to enter. I will certainly be testing you on that procedure in due course, but right now, how are your nipples?�

Mrs Carson really didn&#8217;t need to ask, the screwed up expression on his face told its own story. The clips were clearly hurting like hell. She smiled, reached forward and unclipped them.

The surge of blood to the flattened nubs proved worse that having them on. 

The pain was just reducing to a reasonable level when she reapplied, first the left and then the right clamp to grip not the sides as before, but the top and bottoms.

Her victim gasped and leant forward to try to relieve the stinging agony in his chest.

�Another five minutes should suffice.�&nbsp; she said glancing at a wall clock. �I will fill in the time with my reason for being here as a wardress, perhaps,� she added with a smirk, �It will take your mind off your breast discomfort.

It may surprise you to know that until recently I was a prisoner myself in one of the female centres having argued with a lady cop. The place I was in specialised in having the more mature females guarded by a bunch of what seemed to me to be almost schoolboys. They all seemed in the early twenties and all the poor prisoners were in their forties. I can&#8217;t imagine a situation more capable of causing the ultimate in humiliation to a lady that being bullied and chased around by testosterone fuelled boys. We all had a regulation uniform to wear and we had to parade every day in the early morning for an inspection. With my squad there would be two lines of six women, all various shapes and sizes in shirts, ties short skirts, stockings and black shoes, all rigidly at attention whilst a young male officer walked up and down staring at us wherever he wished and prodding us wherever he wished with a short baton they all carried. He would think nothing of using that to raise our skirts, front of back for a check that we were wearing the regulation panties or prodding our breasts when he spoke to each woman.

There was one officer who took an instant dislike to me and made my life hell. He would pick on me whenever he could find a reason. One of his favourites was ordering me to have a panty inspection when on the parade. I would have to step forward, stand with legs apart, raise my skirt and wriggle my panties down to my knees so that the insides were displayed. He would then poke around with his baton especially between my spread legs and then pretend to find a stain. I would then have to bend over as he unhitched his discipline strap to give me three really hard strokes across my buttocks. My whole time there he must have strapped me a hundred times but the worse thing he ever did was to frame me on a breast charge. 

He knew that I was leaving so got two of his friends to fill in a �Breast Offence� form about me. One officer reported me for having a soiled brassiere during an inspection. Another officer for resisting, when he carried out a harsh grasping inspection of each breast. All he then had to do was to arrange a third offence by ensuring my regulation bras were taken from my locker and hidden so that I had to appear on parade without one under my shirt. That meant that I was then up before the Head Warder.

There was only one possible punishment and he ordered it. 

The next day I was in this establishment being interviewed for this job. When they asked if I would be prepared and able to administer effective discipline to young males, I simply stood up, stripped of my blouse and bra and showed them my freshly caned breasts. The ladies on the interview committee needed no further proof and I got the job.

So you see Lester, that when it comes to my seeking revenge, you are not in a brilliant position right now�. 

With that she slowly unclipped both nipple clamps leaving him whimpering with the pain surge. She then demonstrated with her finger nails that the slightest touch on his nipples was now extremely painful and would be used to keep him totally in line between more harsher punishments.

He was told to empty the washing basket and carry the contents back to where they had been. There were a variety of brassieres, panties, suspender belts and stockings awaiting cleaning. He gathered them all together and placed them on a table as she indicated. He then found himself kneeling again in front of her lounging in an arm chair.

�You crotch training will now begin boy. It will be in three parts, firstly you will be required to look at the panty area in full and the positions I will eventually assume, then I will subject you to having my crotch forced on your face, mouth and nostrils and thirdly you will be required to inhale and accept the different area of my panties without delay or hesitation.

These three tasks will then be repeated with my panties removed.

Then, you will be required to use your tongue to thoroughly clean all, and I mean all ...of my crotch particularly my anal and vaginal openings. You will also be required to clean other areas such as my armpits and anywhere that sweat accumulates including my feet.

Finally you will be assessed on your ability to stimulate and area of my body that I wish.

This will take some time with breaks for any punishment that I might choose to lay on, so you may also be required to carry out any serviced toilet duties that I require. The chances of your obedience saving you totally from any bodily discipline is pretty remote as I find it the only way to ensure complete compliance with my orders. However, provided you are totally obedient and show enthusiasm for even the more unpleasant of tasks, you shouldn&#8217;t suffer too much over the next few hours.

It will be up to you.�

She leaned fully back raised her skirt and placed a foot on each raised arm of the chair. This spread her plump thighs and displayed her panty crotch fully. He could see that the material was fully stretched with curly dark hairs protruding either side. The white material was stained yellow and looked completely uninviting with a long deep fold in the centre that he would soon be meeting intimately.

After waiting a few minutes, still showing no embarrassment at displaying to the young male, she stood, turned away from him and climbed up on the chair with a knee and lower leg on each arm. She then bent forward then reached back to flip her skirt up over her back.

Her buttocks were matronly in size and the material was spread tightly over the mounds and fully stretched over her anal cleft. Again stains could be seen and the material looked well worn. Tufts of hair were sticking out of the sides of the crotch.

About a minute went by then she stood up, announced that it was time for him to experience some womanly odours, and, ordered the male to lay on the floor face up. She then stood with legs wide facing his head&nbsp; so that she was directly above the prisoner...and slowly squatted down so that her crotch was lowered into his face with his nose pressing into her perineum and all too close to the area of her covered anus.

The soft buttocks enveloped his head so that the only source of air was reaching him through her panty covered anal cleft. He instinctively realised that the overpowering scents were mainly due to his refusal to carry out a simple service when it was just a case of normal sweat. He certainly needed no reminder that since that time many hours had passed with these self same panties preventing the area being properly ventilated and that the ladies natural functions had taken place. He knew that the slightest objection on his part would result in another session with the guardroom cane and then an even more pungent experience with the further long delay to the area being adequately cleansed. His breathing through his mouth must have been heard or sensed by Mrs Carson who reached back with both hands, gripped his now sensitised nipples with her fingers and gave them both a sudden squeeze.

�Breath in through your nose... and just your nose... boy!�

He did, and smelt the full force of the pungent smells.

It must have been five minutes before she stood, turned to face his feet and lowered herself down on his face again. Now his nose was just under her vulva. He didn&#8217;t want another squeeze to his nipples so noisily inhaled as she had directed. This time the scent was more acrid with what must have been the dried urine in the material. He began to realise that the slim protection that the panty material gave him was soon to be removed and he would literally, be brought face to face with her most intimate areas. However, as the prospect of another guardroom caning was hanging over him for any lack of effort, he must just make the best of the situation.

Mrs Carson stood from the squat position and looked down at his face.

�That is the end of your initial training boy,� she sneered. �Now for the real stuff and believe me, if my itchy bottom is any indication, your tongue will soon be regretting not simply following orders yesterday. The training will be carried out, appropriately perhaps, in the bathroom, but first I will need to give you a little reminder as to who is in charge here. I want you to regard this not as a punishment, but simply as a reminder of my authority. As you are about to be disciplined you will pull your foreskin hard back to expose your glans�

He rapidly did so feeling totally vulnerable and aware that there was now no going back and that the pain would inevitably follow.

She walked over to the pile of unwashed underwear, picked up several panties and examined them closely, then sniffed a final pair approvingly and walked back to him. He was ordered to stand with his legs fully apart and hands clasped behind his back, she then grasped the worn panties around the waistband and proceeded to slap his face with the crotch area several times until it stung. Then he was told to mount the armchair facing the rear as she had done earlier with a knee on each arm and fully spread. When he bent forward this displayed his scrotum, dangling well clear of his crotch and below that the acutely sensitive and exposed tip of his penis.. She took the panties and casually slapped the rear of his sac three times making the contents bounce painfully forward. She then went again to the pile of unwashed underwear, selected one of her large support bra&#8217;s, grasped it by the cups and lashed the stiff back supports into the same hanging target three times.

Finally he was ordered back to the standing position with hands on head and legs well apart. She advanced towards him with the panties in her right hand, held the crotch part against his chest, located his still throbbing nipple through the damp material and closed her fingertips agonisingly squeezing each nub in turn making him bend at the knees in pain.

At this point Lester&#8217;s account came to an abrupt halt as Miss Sophie returned. From her brusque manner, she clearly had plans for the two stable servants.

To be continued?












 











CHAPTER 66.

The Prisoner story has digressed somewhat from the original description of offenders under strict discipline, however the next chapter will return to that type of Institute.
In the meantime this chapter will describe the consequences for one of my readers when he foolishly decided to experience the lifestyle of being under the control of a female�or more than one female:

Harry Hardy&#8217;s marriage seemed normal in all respects for the first five years. Then, following his increasingly frequent requests to try something �different�, he was eventually able to get his wife interested in a little femdomme activity.
It was all fairly simple to start with: She would order him to strip and then have him lay over her clothed knees for a light to moderated hand spanking. Within a few months, and with her permission, he was searching various websites looking for any other couple who were interested in similar activities. He soon found two married people, a little older than themselves who also practiced femdomme. They were both naturally using pseudonyms and eventually agree to meet in a local pub for a drink.
They both worked for a high tech firm with the wife, Sophie Hardy, in a senior board level position and himself as a lowly researcher. They needed to keep their hobby a secret from friends who simply would not understand. Dressed rather conservatively they arrived early and stood at the bar just out of sight of the main entrance.
They had almost given up waiting when to his wife&#8217;s horror her lady boss and her husband came in looking around as if they were also meeting someone. As our eyes met so did the realisation that they were the object of the search.
It only took a few nervous words of greetings before the humour of the situation overcame any embarrassment and the two ladies went off to find a table leaving the men to collect the drinks. Using her real name, Jayne Stevens soon put&nbsp; Sophie at her ease and suggested that they remain at one table to chat whilst the �boys� remained at another awaiting the summons to attend upon them.
Talking to each other the two males soon discovered that both their wives were dominants and that both were becoming increasingly confident and assertive in the role. I couldn&#8217;t help notice that Bruce as he introduced himself, was shifting somewhat uncomfortably on the hard chairs we were occupying. He ruefully said that he had just had what his wife termed a discipline update before they left their home and the effects had still to wear off.
It was over an hour until the two males were waved at to join the ladies. There were only two chairs at the table and we were left standing as they told them the news. It seems that they had had what is called a full and frank discussion and had reached an agreement that effectively sealed the male&#8217;s fate. There was no question of them being asked for any agreement or consent to what they had decided and that they would both be fully briefed by their respective wives on the way home.
The two couples then parted with the wives agreeing that the first social meeting would be the following Friday when they would be invited round to the boss lady&#8217;s house for dinner. Sophie noticed a quick look of some fear on the face of the other male followed by a look of total resignation to whatever this would entail for him. She instinctively knew that this arrangement would be something that she would find both exciting and interesting.
It was a different wife who sat next to Hardy as they drove away from the pub.
�This will be the opportunity of a lifetime for my career�, Sophie started. �As your career seems stalled and you will benefit from my promotion and pay rise I will expect you to fit in with the plans that Mrs Stevens has for us both. I will tell you exactly what has been agreed when we are back in the house.�
The rest of the drive was spent in nervous anticipation and he had to exercise extreme caution with his driving as his mind was racing in every direction he could imagine. He admitted to finding the whole set up a little scary, but the opportunity to realise his sexual instincts became more exiting the closer he got to home.
By the time he had garaged the car Sophie had taken up a position in a comfortable arm chair. She imperiously pointed to the area in front of her and told him to kneel. 
�Mrs Stevens has instructed me that I should take you round to her house for dinner next Friday. There she will consider you in depth with a view to taking you on as one of her male servants that she likes to control from time to time. If she finds you satisfactory in every way certain things will happen. Firstly I will get that promotion that I have worked so hard for and with it a substantial pay rise that will change our lifestyle. The company car will be upgraded and I will move into an office near hers on the executive floor.
As for you, you will receive a certain amount of training from her and then be sent on an all expenses training course to a facility in Germany where, it would seem, you will be taught how to fulfil your duties as a servant to ladies. She tells me that her husband spent two weeks there last year and she was more than impressed with the resulting improvements in his attitude, obedience and skills when he returned. It is hardly a holiday camp and it will cost a small fortune but it is one of the conditions she has set and therefore you will comply.
I need hardly tell you, that you will do whatever is necessary to satisfy her requirements when you are in her charge otherwise our whole future will be diminished. I won&#8217;t ask if you have any questions as frankly, your views on the subject no longer matter. Don&#8217;t get any ideas about hoping for sex tonight as she has specifically told me that you must remain celibate from now on unless she gives permission otherwise.�
The rest of the week dragged and all too soon it was Friday night. Sophie was late home and in a rush. Harry had already showered and drove her to the Steven&#8217;s large modern house standing in its own grounds. Her husband met us at the door and escorted us to the sitting room where his wife waited sitting in a large sofa. A rather stilted conversation took place until they went through to eat. Dinner was excellent but it was noticeable that Bruce had little appetite and appeared rather nervous. 
Sophie later realised that he knew only too well what would happen at the end of the meal whereas Harry was still in blissful ignorance. Eventually, the dinner and the small talk was over and Bruce and Harry were told to go and change into clothing that had been laid out for them, clothing that Harry was to find out would be the normal dress code for whenever either or both of them were �in service�.
It consisted of small tight white underpants, a white T shirt and a skimpy pair of shorts. White knee socks and sandals completed the uniform and looking like two young ball boys at a tennis tournament they returned await the summons to their wives in the large sitting room.
Harry found Bruce&#8217;s nervousness rather unsettling as this was his own home ground. However, overcoming his nervousness and whispering so that the wives wouldn&#8217;t hear Bruce hurriedly gave Harry a few tips on what he termed �survival�.
It seemed that his wife was extremely strict with him at all times and that she believed in punishing the slightest error or offence against her rules. Everything was done for her benefit whether it was a social occasion or when she required sex. There was a room set aside in the house annex for what he called her �corrections� that he assumed we would be moving to for the evenings events. As it was a Friday night he knew that he was up for at least a routine maintenance punishment, a punishment that he had to accept every single Friday without fail, and before he received it, would be informed if his behaviour and conduct over the past seven days had �earned� him what he called a full disciplinary. 
The worst case scenario was when a Mrs Curzon was asked to attend as she was available when a particularly severe punishment was decided upon. Fortunately this had only been considered necessary on one occasion since he received his basic training at the centre but the memory was all too vivid. This was a large lady of lesbian leanings who always arrived with her own servant girl in attendance who would have to witness and assist her owner with any work that needed doing to Bruce. It was generally agreed that Mrs Curzon was an out and out sadist and so could be relied upon to punish to a level that even Mrs Stevens found uncomfortable to impose herself. It seemed that the discipline could be followed by a request from Mrs Curzon that she would like to use �the boy� for a little light relief, which was granted without, of course, the need to ask him for his opinion let alone agreement.
Bruce shuddered at the memory and even expressed his sympathy for the poor girl who had to endure whatever Mrs Curzon required on a 24/7 basis to keep her satisfied. He had noticed that the girl displayed visible signs of her owner&#8217;s ideas on discipline when Bruce managed a glimpse of her thighs and lower buttocks when she was bending.
He concluded by telling Harry that the only way to get through the evening with his wife was to agree with everything she said or wanted as the slightest dissent would only result in increased humiliation or actual pain.
The tinkling sound of a bell summonsed them both to stand to attention in front of the sofa. The ladies had obviously been engaged in deep conversation primarily on the subject of how Harry was to be used this evening. He had no idea at the time just how much his wife had fallen over herself to impress her boss and what a miserable time he would be subjected to for Mrs Stevens to take advantage of that generosity. It was with some relief to him that the ladies immediate interest seemed to be cantered on Bruce.
�As I have explained Sophie, Friday night is when my boy gets his weekly maintenance update to keep him constantly aware of my authority. It is fairly rare for him not to need an enhanced discipline to cover any error he has made over the week and I&#8217;m afraid that tonight is no exception. 
Sadly, on one occasion some months ago he really stepped out of line. Now some wives simply send him back to the training school for a refresher, but I found it just as effective to call in another lady friend to really sort the problem out and get him back on track. Verity Curzon is her name and she is really strict and frankly a little brutal in the way she handles boys, mainly because her main interest lies with her own sex. But believe me, a couple of hours in her hands and he was both very contrite and very obedient.�
Out of the corner of Harry&#8217;s eye he saw the effect this news had on Bruce, He heard the gasp of horror and when he stole a glance in his direction he was visibly pale and shaking a little. Whoever this woman was, she certainly had an effect and Harry breathed a silent sigh of relief that he wasn&#8217;t her subject for a visit.
Which, was premature in the extreme.
She continued:
�No matter how much I attend to his behaviour problems he still falls short of any reasonable standard. This week, for example he managed to upset one of the staff here, a lady cleaner who complained that he seemed to be transfixed by her breasts and kept sneaking a lecherous look at her when he thought she wasn&#8217;t looking. Admittedly she is a rather well-endowed young lady and she was wearing a thin T shirt but I am simply not prepared to accept such behaviour. He would, if I asked him for his opinion probably whine that it was now nearly a month since his last allowed orgasm and that he was constantly in a state of sexual frustration, but I have fitted him with a penile device to discourage erections and he should be grateful for that kindness.�
Bruce confided later that he had scarcely glanced at the lady who was in her mid-twenties. Even though she was just a domestic servant, she still stood way above him in status and he was obliged to be totally courteous to her and obedient to any instructions she might give him. As she had complained he knew that any argument on the subject would only make matters worse and that he was now in for a �disciplinary� in addition to his Friday �maintenance� that he would have to accept without any hesitation on his part.
Mrs Stevens solemnly produce a black covered book from the side table. �This is where I record his all too frequent errors and the punishments I decide he should receive. I strongly advise that you get one for your boy. I find that the odd peep they take inside can really wind them up when they find out what they have been caught out with and realise what they will be getting.�
Sophie looked over her shoulder. In heavy blank ink she saw the date and next to it: �Complaint by Mrs Jenner that boy had leered at her breasts to her embarrassment.� In the next column she slowly wrote Sentenced to 12 strokes of the grade 2 cane to be given across naked buttocks and thighs. No restraints to be allowed. Consideration to be given to possible additional special punishment for staring at breasts, as a deterrent to further offences.�
She then looked up at her male. �Well boy, when you have received your weekly maintenance of 8 strokes with the prison strap across your backside, you will mount the punishment frame and will receive 12 strokes of the number 2 cane across your naked buttocks and/or the tops of your thighs. You will not be restrained and as usual, any undue movement or complaint will result in extras at my discretion. Any questions?�
Bruce mumbled: �No Ma&#8217;am�.
�And afterwards, you will receive one of my special punishments just to ensure your realise how embarrassing your leering was to the lady. 
Understood?�
�Y.y.yes Ma&#8217;am� he again mumbled�� but screwing up his face at the thought.
Having asked Sophie if she would mind if the incidents were dealt with immediately and offering her the chance of witnessing the punishments in the company of her own �boy��.they followed her down a stairway to the room she reserved in the lower part of the house exclusively for discipline.
It was large windowless room with a distinct chill in the air from air conditioning. Mrs Stevens explained that the temperature was kept low as she was usually fully dressed when administering discipline and the less comfortable it was for the naked male, the better. It was however brilliantly lit and various items of equipment were on full display along with a large rack of canes, straps and paddles along the wall. Without being told the two �boys�, with Harry following Bruce&#8217;s lead, stood at attention, with hands behind their heads and feet well apart, in front of a comfortable sofa that Mrs Stevens and Sophie sat down on. 
The first order was for both of them to strip, place their skimpy clothes on a side table and return to the position. Sophie was not surprised to see that her boy had an erection but was most surprised to see that Bruce was wearing a plastic restrainer over his penis. Unlike her own boy, he was shaved of all body hair.
�It&#8217;s always a matter for the owner to decide on shaving and restraints,� said Mrs Stevens, � It helps keep their things from sticking out all the time, especially if you use one of the ones designed to make any swelling somewhat painful. This one must be a bitch to wear as it has little spikes around the inside which he will feel if he swells up at all, which he seems to be doing right now. For some strange reason he always seems to get a stiffy before I punish him, perhaps it&#8217;s the embarrassment of being naked in front of us females. He soon loses it once the strap or cane starts to take effect�
From Bruce&#8217;s screwed up face Sophie realised that the restrainer was indeed doing its job in discouraging any swelling.
Mrs Stevens went over to a wall rack and unhooked a wooden handled leather strap and handed it to her for examination. It was heavy with the well oiled deep brown leather 18� long by around 3� wide. The thickness gave it its weight being a centimetre thick with several holes to reduce air resistance.
�He usually gets a dose of this every week as he will tonight, but it still seems to cause him some problems.&nbsp; When he has to oil it the day before he knows that the oil will add to the weight but has no choice. He forgot one week and as I laid on eight strokes I noticed how inflexible it was�so made him spend 15 minutes soaking it properly�then repeated the punishment. It may seem harsh but kindness never pays with these males and the sooner they realise that, the quicker they improve. If you take my boy&#8217;s one time almost total inability to give effective oral sex, by the time he came back from the training course he was greatly improved�but he still needs the odd �reminder� across his backside to keep his tongue fully energised.
By the way, Sophie, how is your boy in that respect?�
Blushing with embarrassment, Sophie soon composed herself and knew that a straight answer was required.
�Frankly Mrs Stevens, he is a total failure. He regards that area of me as off limits and rather dirty. I have almost given up on hoping for any pleasure from him�.
Sophie&#8217;s blush was immediately mirrored by her boys face as this intimate detail of his failure was made public.
�Well Sophie, the training course that he will undergo will soon take care of that problem, he will be taught not only the finer points of the theory but will then have to demonstrate his abilities to the complete, and I mean complete, satisfaction of a group of ladies who visit the centre. I met them when I collected my boy. They range in age from early twenties up to early fifties and are of all the sizes from slim to rather overweight. They very kindly attend the Centre when one of the students, either male or female require training in giving oral service. They are usually those employed in the public sector so might be a librarian, nurse or policewoman. None of them has the slightest concern for the pleasure of the male or female students so the normal niceties of personal hygiene or laundry fresh underwear simply do not apply and as they usually attend following a hard day&#8217;s work�and well� you can imagine what a challenge they give the taste and nasal sensors of their �servers�. By the way, does your boy have any food that he really hates and can&#8217;t stand the taste or smell of?�
Sophie thought for a moment and said that he certainly didn&#8217;t like anchovies, even on a pizza, and the canned mushrooms that she sometimes used seemed to make made him retch.
�Well,� Mrs Stevens continued �When you get the form for you to authorise his detention and treatment do make sure you include those items. I won&#8217;t spoil the fun by telling you how they will use them as part of his training�but it is very effective. And don&#8217;t worry, when he has spent time under the leather skirt of a large German Policewoman who has just finished a twelve hour shift on a hot sweaty day, any scents that you might generate will appear pretty pleasant! When I have dealt with my boy I will make a few suggestions on how he might start his training right now before he goes on the course. It will certainly guarantee an improvement on his efforts to date�if he knows what is good for him.� 
 �A major part of this punishment tonight is for my boy to demonstrate how well trained he is and how he will accept, without too much movement, every single stroke I apply. Believe me, this has only come about following months of training with some pretty harsh additional punishments for any movement.&nbsp; Hopefully, for his sake, he will remain in position tonight but one can never tell�as I certainly lay the strap on hard.
The purpose of these maintenance beatings is to lay on a measured and constant amount of pain at regular intervals so that the male is in no doubt as to who the boss is. He knows that he will be beaten for no other reason than I feel like it and must simply accept that without question. He is allowed a little movement and the odd exclamation is permitted, but each stroke must be called out clearly and no swearing of any sort is permitted.�
She ordered her boy to take up the �touch toes� position with his feet covering two foot marks on the floor. The position made the buttocks and thighs taut and was obviously not easy to hold. Previous bruising was still visible on his buttocks from earlier punishments.
�Now Sophie, it is time for the event. Find yourself a position where you can see his rear and we can commence. You boy�, she snapped at Harry, �stand at attention just the other side of the boy and watch what you have coming to you�.
There was a large clock in sight of all of them. Mrs Stevens said that each stroke would be laid on at 60 second intervals giving time for the pain to peak. She reached her hand out and Sophie handed the strap, with some reluctance as she felt some degree of authority by simply holding it.
Mrs Stevens pulled the tight white shirt loose from her skirt waistband and let it hang down. She stood with her feet wide apart and laid the strap over the waiting area. She then watched the clock and as the second hand approached the twelve, raised the strap over her right shoulder and brought it whirring down to land with some force on his buttocks with a loud �crack�.
The boy flinched and managed to say �One thank you Ma&#8217;am�,&nbsp;&nbsp; A wide band of red now lay across the muscled buttocks. The rest followed at the precise interval Mrs Stevens had promised. Each was met with a more obvious reaction as the pain built. The final two strokes of the eight were laid across his thighs just under the anal cleft. From his gasps and shuffling of his feet, these were really effective in causing pain.
Amazingly, apart from the odd gasp and the shuffling of the feet the strap was accepted without any real movement despite the obvious pain that it inflicted. He was however shaking slightly and sweating as he was told to stand. Clearly no comforting rubbing of the area was permitted as he resumed the attention position with a grimacing expression that conveyed the extent of what he felt.
There was no word of encouragement for the stoic acceptance of the beating, she simply pointed to what seemed to be a heavy framework in the centre of the room. Without any further orders Bruce submissively climbed on to it and took up what was obviously a pre-determined position. His knees and lower legs rested on padded supports that were well apart. His torso bent forward and his head was well below the level of his buttocks so that they were thrust upwards. His hands and lower arms were on similar but lower than the supports to his legs and there was a grip for each hand to hold, There were numerous securing straps that could hold his wrists, arms, knees and ankles firmly in place but they were just allowed to hang unused. The target area, his buttocks were well spread and tight with his genitals indecently displayed hanging between his parted thighs.
� It certainly looks a very exposed and humiliating position. I can see his full genitals and even his anus is exposed, especially as you keep him shaved. Do you make any allowance for any recent punishment? I see that there is some bruising left over from an earlier application and the strap has certainly tenderised the whole area�, asked Sophie.
�You are correct in that his buttocks are marked and therefore a little sensitive but that is entirely his own fault for collecting the earlier discipline. As the boy will tell you I make no allowance and sometimes he has to receive the discipline when very tender indeed rather than just after a relatively mild punishment such as the beating he has just received.&nbsp; I might then allow him to be secured so that he has no choice other than to accept the pain. If he wishes to have any punishment delayed I will always consider it, but the subsequent application then has to be double what was originally decided. After all, he is here to learn. As to his genitals: when I have decided to give him a special punishment to that particular area it gives me full access and he had better not try to interrupt me. Why don&#8217;t you reach between his legs and get a feel of the goods�and don&#8217;t worry about being a little rough�that is his problem to deal with. If we are to work together we will both need to acquaint ourselves with each other&#8217;s husbands. And remember, you have no need for any concern as to his comfort.�
Sophie was fascinated at the invitation to hold another husbands sensitive scrotum and felt a little cheated that his penis was encased and unavailable. Her boy disliked being even touched on his testes so she firstly cupped the dangling bulbs then hefted them up and down in her palm. The heat from his inflamed buttocks radiated to her wrist as she reached forward between his parted thighs.
�Show him your authority Sophie and give them a firm squeeze to let him know you mean business.�
She did, slowly rolling the bulbs around and rubbing them against each other. She was delighted to see his whole body stiffen with a whispered groan from his throat. Reluctantly, she released him with a final softer squeeze.
Taking advantage of her newly granted authority she then ran her nails down his hot throbbing buttock cheeks and found his twitching but total acceptance somewhat exciting. She wondered how much she could do to him without incurring his owner&#8217;s displeasure, but realised that the opportunities to be a total bitch to him were bound to be given to her without her pushing too hard on that particular door.
Mrs Stevens selected a cane from the rack on the wall. It was around three feet in length and made of a flexible plastic material that she demonstrated by flexing it between her hands and swishing it through the cool air. The look of concern on her boys face indicated to Sophie that this instrument was something to be both feared and respected.
�I won&#8217;t deny that any cane is something that these boys are really frightened of, especially when they have felt it on many occasions. Stevens here knows only too well just how much a stroke with this hurts, even when his buttocks aren&#8217;t still throbbing from the strap. It isn&#8217;t the heaviest of my canes but it is still pretty effective at making a point, which in this case is reminding him not to stare at ladies breasts. I never rush a caning but really take my time to ensure that each stroke really counts. Never, by the way, reduce the effort you put into each stroke, If you decide, for some strange reason to go easy�just reduce the number of them.
If he makes any undue noise, fails to hold position or puts his hands anywhere near his rear then I will certainly add extra strokes. He is well aware of this and as he has had much training in acceptance of my authority to inflict pain, hopefully he won&#8217;t need extras�but one never knows. On more serious disciplines such as this I usually strip off to get comfortable and so that I don&#8217;t get too 
sweaty. Today I will remove my blouse. The sight of my brassiere and breasts might remind him of his offence. In fact that has given me an idea that could well enforce the punishment with a little aversion therapy. Sophie, would you mind awfully if I asked you to strip to the waist and squat down just in front of his head where he can see you. Having to look at your breasts during his caning might make him just a little more reluctant to stare at a ladies breasts on other occasions.�
Sophie smiled her acceptance of the idea and was delighted to add to the male&#8217;s torments. She quickly removed her top and then slipped her bra down over her breasts noting the way her nipples had hardened without any stimulation from her. As a final contribution, mainly for her own amusement she squatted low down with knees wide to give the male a superb view up her skirt of her tight and rather damp panty crotch.
Mrs Stevens soon stood there in her skirt and white half cup bra with Sophie noting how she certainly needed the support of the cups, being as she put it, well-endowed. She took up position on the left of Steven&#8217;s up thrust buttocks, tapped the cane across the midpoint between the thighs and the upper part of his cleft, raised the cane back over her right shoulder and brought it whistling down to slash across the waiting flesh. Stevens jumped as if shocked and uttered a low groan. The white line rapidly coloured to red by the time the second hand had traversed 60 seconds and the second stroke was descending. This impacted just a centimetre below the first and exactly parallel to it.
The third stroke was delivered with what seemed to be even more force and after it flexed off the rapidly striated flesh Mrs Stevens had to stop to ease her right breast back into its cup having had the nipple poke cheekily over the upper seam.
Stroke after stroke lashed into Steven&#8217;s unprotected buttocks with the ridges marching down the cheeks towards the sulcus between the buttocks and his thighs. She paused just before the tenth stroke and rubbed the cane up into the deep crease. She drew her hand back and brought the swishing plastic cruelly into that crease causing him to lurch up with the pain and momentarily release the hand grips. He had just regained control when the second lashed home in the same place.
It obviously caused Stevens total agony and even though he managed to keep his grip he was now whimpering and sweating profusely
�Ones in this area always seem to cause the most pain� she muttered casually, �But of course, that is why I give them there�.
She bent forward, rubbed the cane back and forth over the thickening weal to judge her aim and brought it back down actually lifting the large buttocks upwards as it dug in.
Sophie stole a glance at her boy who was visibly pale knowing that this was merely an example of how he could be flogged. Bruce was shaking but still awaiting the order to stand and panting hard as he absorbed the pain.
Mrs Stevens then walked round to her boys head, leant forward so that her barely covered breasts were in full view and spoke.
�You should now ask yourself whether your leering at the ladies breasts was really worth it and whether you will be so insolent again, because if you ever do, I will repeat this punishment without hesitation.�
She then took Sophie on one side:
� We will start on your boy in a little while but when a punishment has been administered and whilst the pain is still felt, I always like to reinforce the experience with an interview session. May I suggest you take up a seat in one of the comfortable armchairs and I will have Stevens kneel in front of you for you to question him on the punishment and how he feels. You could satisfy your curiosity on any aspect of his training especially on what Mrs Curzon does with him. Feel free to inspect him and if you feel he needs to be hurt-go right ahead. This is your opportunity to demonstrate to me how you are capable of handling, humiliating and disciplining a male that you have under your authority�. 
She then made several points and suggestions as to how Sophie could conduct the interview.
�Naturally he may be a little reluctant to answer you but I have a way of discouraging any hesitation and it is up to you to continue in the same style until he is fully disciplined.�
With that she produced a pair of what seemed to be grips joined by a short silver chain. Having ordered him to the present position she calmly applied a grip to each nipple watching him grimace even more as the teeth bit into his tender flesh, then handing Sophie the cane she had just used waved her to the chair and ordered the boy to take up his position kneeling in front of her, knees wide apart, hands behind his head and elbows back. His eyes were in what was presumably a submissive position, staring at her feet. 
Sophie did and said nothing. Sitting well forward on the edge of her chair just inches from the naked body she slowly looked the naked trembling male up and down revelling in the feeling of absolute power over him that she now had. She would, of course be hurting and humiliating him but that would come later. First she would build his confidence so that he would at least start from a reasonable level of self-esteem.
�Are you still in pain from your discipline boy?� she quietly asked.
�Yes Ma&#8217;am.�
�And do you agree that you deserved every stroke that Mrs Stevens gave you? Again he agreed.
�I&#8217;m fascinated as to your reasons for your offence. You are well aware of your subservient position in this house and yet you still indulged your lustful tendencies in staring at the lady&#8217;s breasts. I can only assume that you have yet to learn your true position in life. I wonder if, perhaps, a harsher thrashing would achieve that state more rapidly instead of your wife&#8217;s repeatedly erring on the humane side and caning you in such a lenient way. Would you agree?�
What could he say other than to mumble that he would have to accept whatever his owner thought to be necessary.
�Was there anything special about this lady&#8217;s breasts? Were they in any way sexier than your owners�or perhaps mine? You may look at me breasts so that you can form an opinion� 
They were smaller than Mrs Steven&#8217;s but possibly the most perky examples he had seen in the flesh. The nipples were jutting out and at least half an inch log with a decided upward tilt. He knew that being told to look at them was some sort of trap, but his instincts overcame his fears and he openly stared at them just a few feet in front of him. All too soon the pain in his rear and the pain in his nipples was joined by the constrictive effects of the chastity tube on his penis.
At this point Sophie slowly parted her legs stretching her knee high skirt until its size restricted any further spread. It was however wide enough to give the boy more than a glimpse of her thighs and crotch causing the pressure on his inflating penis to cause even more pain.
�Before I start my examination I think I should remove your tube. Would you be so kind as to pass me the key and the equipment you mentioned earlier Mrs Stevens? I will take your advice as he hasn&#8217;t been released from the chastity tube for four weeks and start by cleaning him thoroughly.�
She was handed a dish on which lay a couple of damp linen cloths and a tube of some sort. Next to this was a key. Having ordered him to stand at the present position she reached forward with the key and slowly undid the lock in the plastic device. It easily came apart and having removed it the previously encased organ immediately sprang to the fully erect position. The foreskin was already retracted and the glans looked red and sore, particularly around the rim at the back where deep red blotches showed where the cruel prongs built into the tube had been forced into the soft flesh by its uncontrollable expansion.
�How long is it since you cleaned your penis boy?�&nbsp; she enquired.&nbsp; She already knew it was several weeks since it was last removed for sexual relief and therefore the opportunity to clean it.
�It really is in a most disgusting and cheesy state. I will have to clean it and if that proves a little uncomfortable, you only have your own poor standards of personal hygiene to blame.� Sophie gently applied cream from the tube along the top of the rather smelly organ. She had been amused to read that the cream was in fact a paste with abrasives that was normally used to remove dead skin from ladies feet. Seizing the damp cloth she rubbed the paste all around the glans, especially the sore rear rim, then rubbed vigorously. The reaction from the boy was instant and he lurched forward but just managed to hold himself in position.
She was thorough and the rubbing and wiping went on for three painful minutes until she was satisfied that the organ was totally clean. The abrasive paste did have the effect of reducing his erection but she knew that this would soon return giving her more scope for complaint.
�I think I will start by checking on the area that has just been punished. Turn around, spread your feet wide and bend over with your hands on your knees.�
This placed his buttocks in line with her face. They were still radiation heat and the wide bands left by the strap could be seen overlaid with the ridges made by the cane that were swollen and red. Across the tops of both thighs the triple weal had swollen even more and was now tinged with blue. She was able to pinch the one on either thigh with each set of fingers and squeezed hard to his obvious distress. She then drew her long sharp finger nails vertically down over the higher ridges which seemed to cause as much pain. Finally she reached between the parted legs and gave his scrotum a gentle squeeze telling him to resume the original position.
�Look at my breasts again boy.� She said gently lifting them both with her hands. She then stroked her nipples and pinched them gently. �I wonder how painful your own nipples are��. bend forward.�
As he did so she slowly released the clamp on his right nipple allowing the blood to painfully recirculate and heard him gasp. She then slowly removed the right one to an equal exclamation.
�I am going to indulge in a little aversion therapy with you Stevens. I want you to lean forward and touch your finger tips on my nipples. You may stare as hard as you wish but as you get closer I will squeeze your nipples which are probably very sensitive following the removal of the clamps.� She reached up and gripped each tenderised nipple with the fingers of either hand. He nervously reached forward but as she increased the pressure he backed his hands away grimacing at the new pain.
�I have given you a perfectly simple order�to touch my nipples. Now unless you carry that out I will arrange to have you in nipple clamps for some time�and believe me�with the way yours feel now you wouldn&#8217;t want that.�
He knew that he would have to make contact and accept any pain she wanted to apply to his throbbing teats. Gritting his teeth he reached forward and as he touched the upturned nipples of this dominant she both squeezed and twisted his. It was sheer agony but her remained in contact for a few seconds actually enjoying the feel of the rubbery protrusions before retreating.
�Good, much better� she exclaimed with a smile. �Now you have permission to watch me.�
She then gently started to run her hands all over the breasts flicking the nipples to full and magnificent erection.
�Now remember boy that every peep carries a price�.hands on head� and lean down towards me!�
She gripped both throbbing nipples, squeezed and twisted. The pain showed on his face as the already tender teats were taken to a new savage height of pain. �You will slowly repeat the following �ten times� as I apply the aversion therapy to you: I must not leer at ladies breasts at any time.�
He could hardly speak but knew that the only way to relieve the cruel pain was to follow her instructions, which he did until finally she released him from her nipple grip.
When the whimpering male was back in the kneeling with legs apart in front of her she commenced the next part of his ordeal. He was told that he would start by giving a full description of Mrs Curzon, her dress, her manner and her methods. Just in case he was inhibited from talking about a lady that clearly frightened him Mrs Stevens assured him that the slightest prevarication on his part would result in Miss Sophie applying more pressure to his chest area. He was also to look Sophie in the eyes as he spoke so that any reluctance or hesitation could be easily seen�.and dealt with. To emphasise this point Sophie held the well-used cane in her right hand and firmly pressed the tip on each of his swollen nipples. Mrs Stevens also reminded him that as she knew the lady well, his descriptions had better be accurate.
She was, it would seem from the boy, a well-built lady of around thirty years of age. She was about five feet ten inches tall and from her heavy but firm build spent much time in the gym. She had short dirty blonde hair and a round plain face with thin lips and a prominent nose. She dressed formally for discipline sessions in a male type shirt, grey skirt and knee boots. It would seem that she often stripped off some of her outer clothes and wore old fashioned white corsets that extended over her full sized white panties and clipped on to thick black stockings. Her breasts were large and she felt they required a heavy white maximum support brassiere that merged into her stiff tight corset.
She never gave the slightest hint of a smile and tolerated absolutely no dissent from her subjects always looking for any error that needed correcting. Her reputation amongst owners who required effective training for their servants was legendary and to any of the servants, the mere threat of sending for her to deal with a situation was usually enough to ensure immediate total obedience. It wasn&#8217;t just that she was unfailingly severe in inflicting punishment but also her remarkable skills in finding new and original methods of inflicting discipline and humiliation that made her so feared.
Her maid, who always accompanied her was somewhat older and in her early forties. She was an attractive slightly overweight lady with fair hair in a bun and dressed in a humiliating schoolgirl style with shirt, tie and skirt. It was obvious from her demeanour that she was totally under the authority of Mrs Curzon, referred to her as �Madam� and was in a constant state of nervous fear in case she gave cause for complaint. Stevens had been present at one evenings gathering of these dominant ladies where poor Stockton, as she was called, was used as a demonstration subject to allow Mrs Curzon to demonstrate her methods to the ladies. Stockton was told to bend over touching her toes, place her feet wide apart, her skirt flipped up, panties pulled down and twelve hard strokes of the cane were laid on by Mrs Curzon over what were her already bruised buttocks. It clearly hurt like hell but the woman accepted every stroke without a murmur or any movement apart from flinching. The way her most private areas were displayed must have been desperately humiliating for the woman who was older than many present but worse was to follow.
She was ordered to remove her tie, shirt and skirt and stand in just her underwear with her baggy panties around her knees. Mrs Curzon began by explaining that Stockton was subjected to certain restrictions. In particular she was required to wear the panties that Mrs Curzon had worn the previous day irrespective of their condition. She was allowed to wear her own bra&#8217;s but they were ones bought from charity shops and somewhat worn and discoloured. Furthermore, she had to bathe in Mrs Curzon&#8217;s bathwater often when it had cooled to an uncomfortable level. These restrictions and many more were designed to keep her constantly aware of her lowly status. Add to these indignities was the constant threat of being punished, often in front of any visitors who may be present and even worse, on occasions being loaned to other dominants who were given a free hand to keep her on, as Mrs Curzon put it, the straight and narrow.
Using a long cane as a pointer Mrs Curzon pointed out the various areas of her body that could be punished with some sort of applied pain. This covered the usual buttocks, backs of thighs, shoulders but also the breasts, fronts of thighs, inner thighs, calves, soles of her feet and , making her spread her legs wide and running the cane into her hairy crotch, her pudenda and anal cleft.
She was then told to remove her bra and panties and place her hands on her head. Jabbing at the breasts with the tip of the cane, Mrs Curzon said that an application of a special ultra thin plastic rod across the breasts could also produce good results in changing her attitude. Although because of the droop the underside needed to be lifted up to expose the area properly. She then added that this had been recently done and if the ladies would care to check the marks were still visible.
The opportunity was well received and a good ten minutes were then taken up with the poor woman&#8217;s breasts being savagely manhandled as they were examined and the nipples gripped between fingers to lift them clear of the chest to expose the faded blue lines in the white soft underneath.
Sophie then returned to the subject of his formal thrashing that Mrs Curzon had given him. It seems that she listened carefully to his owner&#8217;s complaint and then suggested that she be allowed some discretion in the way he would be disciplined. She suggested that she use one of the plastic canes with the rubber grip handle and showed Mrs Stevens the selection she had with her. Each was a vicious cruel looking implement the sole purpose of which was to inflict pain. There was much discussion as to the merits of the thin or thicker, long or shorter types with lots of experimental swishing by both ladies to the boy&#8217;s visible concern. Eventually they settled on a three foot long and just over a � inch thick highly flexible one as the means of delivering the pain. They also mutually agreed that Mrs Curzon would inflict 36 firm strokes that would leave him with no doubt as to his error.
Mrs Curzon then came out with one of her suggestions that made her so popular with the owners and so frightening to the servants. She explained how irritated it made her when a male under sentence displayed an erection and how she felt that any sexual element would reduce the effectiveness of her strokes as he would be on some sort of endorphin high. She told Mrs Stevens that she always recommended that the males be thoroughly drained of any ejaculate so that he would be concentrating more on the pain than the sexual overtones such as the way Mrs Curzon and the lady witnesses were dressed. Mrs Stevens readily agreed to whatever Mrs Curzon thought best and soon the hapless male was standing at the naked present in front of the assembled ladies with his penis sticking out in front of him.
Mrs Curzon spoke briefly of the need to make this event as uncomfortable and humiliating as possible and ordered her girl forward. She was still naked herself and knew exactly what her owner wanted of her. She had a small tray with her and proceeded to put on a pair of ridged kitchen latex gloves. She then stood behind him with her matronly breasts pressing into his back, put her left hand round his waist to hold his testes in her hand and her right hand round to grip his rigid penis in her fist. His glans was still sore from the earlier harsh cleansing and the firm grip of the ridged rubber gloves was far from pleasant, in fact it verged on the painful.
The girl started what would be her relentless pumping of the tender organ and surprisingly soon Stevens tensed&nbsp; and delivered his first ejaculation that shot some way forward of his penis. As if nothing had happened she continued her action and tightened her grip on his scrotum. It took some minutes but success was again achieved.
His description of the subsequent thrashing was slow and hesitant as if even the recounting of the experience was painful. It seemed that Mrs Curzon laid the strokes on at 30 second intervals so the whole allocation took some twenty agonising minutes before he was left gasping and with his buttocks wealed and throbbing.
At this point Mrs Stevens took Sophie to one side with a suggestion:
�From what you have told me your boy is totally useless at giving oral service. May I suggest that we use some time at the end of the evening to start his training in that respect? How would it be if I lent you my boy to do the honours and make yours watch. We would have to set boundaries of course, I always find that oral sex is always that much more energetic if the boy is beaten just before he commences. Being in pain seems to greatly increase his respect for the lady who has thrashed him and therefore his enthusiasm to please her. Naturally he will be told of the penalty for any lack of success on his part. If he gets say�eight with the heavy strap before he starts and is told that he will get up to twelve more at the conclusion if he has failed to achieve �say three orgasms�he will be entirely focussed on the task. Naturally he will be rewarded by being let off four strokes for every successful orgasm so his target of not being beaten again is well within his reach.�
Sophie was shaken by the thought. Firstly she would be able to thrash someone other than her husband then have him made to give her the most intimate sexual contact in front of him and finally lay on more strokes over the boy&#8217;s bruised backside when he had finished.
�That sound rather exciting!� she smiled, �But I am already rather damp and sweaty down there and will need to freshen up before allowing him near me.�
Mrs Stevens found her concerns rather amusing.
�No Sophie, he is under orders and your personal freshness is of no concern. Even if you hadn&#8217;t washed for days he would still have to get his tongue in there and clean you with his tongue or face the consequences. Admittedly this took him some time to accept but I have to thank the German ladies for providing both the challenging bodies and the thorough thrashings for the slightest hesitation on smell or taste grounds. Believe me he is now utterly obedient in this area. As he starts the service with a recently beaten and throbbing backside he will do everything in his power to please you and not attract more of that strap.�
Sophie becoming increasingly disposed to trying out Mrs Steven&#8217;s boy, suggested that it was now time for Hardy to take his first proper �maintenance�. Mrs Stevens thought that eight slaps with the heavy strap should start him off on the right lines but suggested that as he is inexperienced he be strapped down for the first time as the sudden pain may be difficult for him to accept without undue movement. 
It took but seconds to order the boy over the horse and for both ladies to secure the restraining straps. He was now entirely at their mercy and they were both determined to make his first �Maintenance� as memorable as possible.
�Remember Sophie that this is not a punishment but simply a regular reminder of his subservient position. It has to hurt, but compared with a disciplinary or a training punishment it won&#8217;t be too bad for him.� She handed Sophie the implement and stood back.
Sophie stood to his left and laid the heavy strap over the raised buttocks watching the involuntary twitching of both muscles. She raised the strap over her right shoulder, paused, and brought it cruelly down over the white surface with a loud crack. 
There was a micro second pause before the pain hit and he strained against his straps gasping loudly. Before he could even think of relaxing the second stroke hit home, then the third and all the others at just a few second intervals. Sophie later admitted that her feeling of absolute power had created a situation in which she simply laid the strap on as hard as she could with little thought of finesse. To her boy, as he lay there with waves of burning pain consuming his buttocks he was almost in shock and visibly shaking.
Mrs Stevens grunted. �Well, Sophie, that was hard enough but a little over the top on speed. You will find that an interval between strokes really makes the pain drag out and is therefore much more effective. You could obviously benefit from some practice and as you are about to be served by Stevens here, you may start by giving him his eight and make sure he feels that you have the authority to really make him suffer. Fortunately his other beatings earlier will ensure that he is fully receptive to more pain and of course, you must on no account ease off because he is somewhat bruised and tender.�
Turning to her hapless husband she addressed him in a curt and formal manner.
�You, Stevens will now be given the honour of sexually serving Miss Sophie here. You will follow her orders to the letter and perform tongue service to any part of her body and in any position that she takes up. You will be assessed on the number of orgasms she experiences and will be beaten by her at the conclusion should you fail to achieve at least three, so it will be four strap strokes for every one of the three that you fail to provide. I would add that any hesitation or complaint on your behalf and you will have me to deal with in addition to Miss Sophie&#8217;s beatings. To ensure that you start the service in the correct frame of mind she will be giving you eight hard ones with the strap�so that you will fully appreciate her authority and ability to inflict pain. She will make no allowance for your existing weals and bruises as they are present entirely as a result of your previous errors. 
Do you understand?�
Stevens respectfully muttered his agreement.
Sophie looked around the room as she realised that the service would be carried out in that place. She was more than apprehensive that it would be witnessed by her husband and her boss but realised that this would be the first real test of her dominant abilities in front of Mrs Stevens. Any inhibitions were soon overcome at the prospect of her receiving good oral sex for the first time since her marriage. If a little pain had to be inflicted on this male to achieve this, that was hardly her concern.
She took the proffered strap from Mrs Stevens and ordered the woman&#8217;s husband to bend over, legs together to protect his scrotum and grasp his lower legs. She knew that the taught position of his buttocks would add to the impact of the strap and that applying it over the heaviest part of the weals and bruising would ensure its effectiveness. She intended that he would indeed be in pain when he commenced his service and be totally aware of the extent of the further pain to come if he failed to satisfy her fully.
She raised the now familiar strap over her shoulder and brought it down across the tender junction of thigh and buttock where the heaviest weals lay. It struck home with a dull thud and Stevens yelped and struggled to maintain his position. Remembering the earlier criticism of her technique she waited for what must have been a full two minutes watching the boy&#8217;s bruised muscles twitching until she brought the strap down even harder.
Across the same agonized band of flesh.
This time he whinnied in pain and his knees flexed as he fought to hold his position. Sophie knew that if she managed to make him break his position she would achieve both her aim of impressing Mrs Stephens with her severity and at the same time frightening her victim into trying even harder to please her when he started with his tongue.
To keep him in suspense she gave the next three across the most protruding curve of his buttocks which hurt like hell, but was at least bearable. This left her three strokes to break him and they were all laid on with the full force of her arm so that the thick leather hit the sore, throbbing and scorched upper thighs. The eighth was the final straw on this particular camel&#8217;s back. He knew that the repercussions would be appalling for him but he could not stop himself falling to his knees clutching a hand to the top of each thigh.
He lay at their feet with eyes clenched shut but tears running down his face and whimpering in pain, Mrs Stevens ordered him to his feet where he stood shaking at attention knowing that worse was to come: She calmly ordered him to place his hands at his sides and spread his legs wide.
�I have lost track of the times that I have had to correct you for your startling inability to remain in position when under punishment boy, but this is really the final insult for you to move when you were&nbsp; being only moderately disciplined by an inexperienced lady like Miss Sophie here�.
With that she stood back a little and proceeded to slap his face with the forehand and backhand of her right hand. She used considerable force knocking his head hard in each direction until she tired. Sophie thought later that there must have been a dozen slaps to each cheek leaving them red and sore with his ears ringing.
�When Miss Sophie has finished with you I will have no option other than to inflict one of my special punishments that you seem to hate so much. I can but hope that this will go some way to improving your obedience to my orders.�
Sophie looked enquiringly at them both.
�Explain what I mean by special punishment boy!�
Stevens almost stuttered the explanation.
�P.p.please Miss. A Special Punishment is when I have to have my scrotum slapped a number of times with me remaining in position and not trying to avoid the slaps in any way.�
Mrs Stevens went on to explain that she regarded this as a severe punishment and only found it necessary every few months. She really didn&#8217;t look forward to doing it but as it was so effective at bringing the boy into line she had no real alternative. It usually required a period of recovery for him afterwards so she would delay it tonight until just before they left, She then said that Sophie should position herself for the intimate service she was about to receive.
Sophie was dressed in a full length summer plain skirt with a sleeveless blouse, Under this were pale stockings supported by a suspender belt, small white bikini panties and a white brassiere. On her feet were black high heeled shoes.
She was led over to a medical type bench and Mrs Stevens asked her to mount it lying on her back. Stirrup devices were then fitted to the front and She was asked to raise her legs to put her heels in each device so that her knees were raised and well parted. She was relieved that her full skirt covered her exposed panties and thighs. Finally she was told to ease herself down the bench raising her buttocks and spreading her thighs even more.
She looked up at Mrs Stevens and repeated her inhibitions and concerns about her personal hygiene.
�Are you sure that I don&#8217;t need to�well�I haven&#8217;t washed since breakfast�and I did find the thrashing rather exciting�if you know what I mean�and I don&#8217;t shave down there so I am well�rather hairy�
Smilingly Mrs Stevens said that it mattered little to her if she hadn&#8217;t washed for a week or whether she was bald or like a toilet brush as that was something Stevens would have to deal with, and deal with it without hesitation or comment. She then ordered him to move a small kneeling footrest on which he would kneel under the skirt placing his head at the ideal height.
He was then told to insert himself under the skirt and start working.









xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
Nipple cla
Bruce made describes Mrs Curzon and her methods
Bruce apologises to the cleaner.
Mrs Stevens turned to Sophie and continued in a low voice:
�I&#8217;m somewhat embarrassed to tell you that this isn&#8217;t his only offence. I intended that this should be an informal evening where we could look over our respective boys and I could make some suggestions as to how you could develop your relationship�just the two of us as it were. Unfortunately he has stepped so far out of line recently that I am going to have to have him formally disciplined and so I have asked Mrs Curzon to drop by.�
There was an audible gasp from Bruce.
�When I was away for a couple of days on business it seems that the idiot spent time at his golf club. There was some sort of party and one of my lady friends who happened to be there reported that he was visibly drunk. He was seen to leave in his car when clearly he must have been over the limit for driving and was extremely fortunate not to get caught or even worse have an accident. I won&#8217;t waste time lecturing him but it will mean that he has to have a rather uncomfortable session in the hands of Mrs Curzon�for which he has only himself to blame.�
Sophie made a mental note that there was no question of asking her husband for his side of the story and that the word of her friend had been accepted without question. She looked up at the male who was pale and trembling as he absorbed what would be happening to him. She found the total control that his wife had strangely exciting as was the terrible acceptance of what was to happen by the male. Anyhow, she felt that the situation wouldn&#8217;t be that bad for him as surely, there was a limit to what could be done to him.
Her thought were interrupted by the sound of the door bell, the sound that made Bruce twitch with fear.
�That must be Mrs Curzon boy.� She snapped. �Go and invite her to come and join Mrs Hardy and I&nbsp; !�


















Coconut Island Pt. 1
by:bustedbalz
Once again I stand here with my hands clasped behind my head as the hot, tropical sun beats down upon my body. Stripped of any clothing, the sun shining on my balls causes them to hang low and ever so vulnerable. With my sac completely relaxed they show perfectly like two large walnuts in a thin cloth bag. The left one hanging slightly, lower I prepare myself for what I know is coming: the humiliation and pain of my inspection.
As my keeper approaches, my body becomes tense. She is young and somewhat petite; however, she is quite muscular for such a small one. Her toned thighs and butt are fully exposed as she is clothed in some sort of short loincloth which is worn by all the women on the island. Her skin is black, very smooth in appearance and well kept; her hair is long and dark; and her eyes the darkest brown. All this lends a perfect contrast to her bright white smile which shows from time to time, usually as she revels in some entertainment at my expense.
As my inspection begins, she stands before me, reaches down, and cups my balls in her hand then bounces them a bit as if she is making a mental note of their weight. Then she begins the real inspection as she takes one in each hand and rubs them between her fingers and thumb. I can&#8217;t help but flinch as she hits the sensitive nerves that surround my orbs. Before she is finished she will have felt the entire surface of each of my testicles and judged my reaction to each area her finger&#8217;s exploration. I grunt and my knees bend with each sharp pain. She has done this before and knows exactly how sensitive the sides of my testicles can be. She enjoys showing these spots extra attention as she continues her humiliating examination. Her eyes locked on my face to see my reaction to her touch while only flashing a quick smile and a giggle when she knows she has found the area that is extra sensitive. Then lastly she begins to squeeze. I know this is her letting me know she is in total control by merely grasping what makes me a man.










Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Will Cane


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





