BDSM Library - I Only Wanted The A A..




I Only Wanted The A A..
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: They captured her and used her as their sextoy and she was transformed to a complete different person, or slut?
I Only Wanted The A A..
Story by PAGAN.

You just don`t think about it, the things you do for your wonderful husband,the
way you try to keep your hair just right,the hours you spend in the gym keeping
your body firm and well toned, the time under the tanning machine to look
healthy, even down to having a small set of breast implants to keep your already
large breasts nice and firm. It`s all done for that special one man.

  My special man I married 12yrs ago and we have a lovely 12 yr old daughter. We
only just made the wedding before the bump could be seen,and I've never thought
of another from that day. We have a  good sex life. I don`t do anything kinky. I
enjoy sex but not anal and I don`t drink much so if I do get a bit drunk we
sometimes have oral but I have to be silly to do it as I can`t take things in my
mouth.

I don`t think my husband minds as I make up for it when he gets me going. I get
really wet and horny when he touches me in those places. I do love him. He's a
big high flier. Away on business a lot and I have tried to find out if he's
playing away. If he is I don`t know. Still that's not the problem. Do you want
to know my problem?

  It all started some time ago. Dave was away for a week. Our daughter Lisa was
away at guide camp for a month and I had visited an old girl friend I hadn't
seen for ages. We had a great laugh and talked over our teenage years.

  I was driving home. There was a real pea soup fog. Even in the afternoon it
had kept most people off the road and my sporty motor was not in a good temper.
I just hoped it would get me home. I thought I knew a short cut down some minor
roads but I was wrong and soon I was lost and very low on petrol.

At the worst place it could happen I ran out of fuel and coasted to a halt in a
farm gateway. It was even worse than that. There was no mobile signal plus the
battery was low. I would have to get out and see if I could pick up a signal to
ring the A.A.

  I walked back towards the main road. I saw no one and heard nothing until a
lorry came along. It slowed and stopped about 50 yards in front of me and I
thought the driver must think it strange that a woman was walking in a thick fog
wearing a pleated blue skirt and thin top in high heels. Well I hadn't thought
about breaking down. I had just thought of comfort on my drive. I wore a nice
pleated skirt buttoned up at the front. I liked to undo two buttons on the skirt
for driving and I had on a cool top as the car had good heating. I always wear
hold-ups. It`s better than suspenders and I drive well in high heels. Anyway,
When I got to the lorry the cab door opened.

 "You all right" the driver, a fat, scruffy, balding man of about 50 whispered
"Can`t talk too much my Mrs. is asleep in the back."

" My car's out of petrol and I can`t get any signal to call a garage" I
explained.

"I can get you to a town" he said "I think there's one somewhere near here but
I'm new to this run so it may be a while"

I thought if he's got his wife with him he should be alright and I didn't`t know
where I was. So here goes.

"Yes thank you" I said and went round to the other door and hauled myself in to
a very smelly cab and then he was driving away into the fog.

 "Hello have we got company" came a voice from the back and a tall skinny man
suddenly sat up behind me.

 "I thought we were being quiet for your wife" I said and the driver looked at
me.

"No" he smiled "That's my mate Muzzie in the back"

"Hi my names Muzzie what's yours" the other one grinned.

 I thought quickly. I must look strong.

"Jane. My names Jane" I said, becoming nervous.

"Its not plain Jane is it?" he leered "And where is Jane's husband when she
needs him"

 "He's away on business" I said, knowing it was the wrong answer the moment I
said it.

"Been off to see the boyfriend have we? Got yourself some extra fucking while
the old man's not getting some?" he said "Giving it to a lover boy are we?"

"No I have not" I said, shocked "I've been to see an old girl friend"

"Like a bit of girly do we? Like some cunt licking?" he grinned "Some of the old
69 with your girlfriend. Hot little piece of ass ain`t you?"

"No. That's not true" I blurted, not believing what the dirty man was saying.

The driver reached over and put his hand on my knee. I saw my skirt still had
the two buttons undone and his hand was moving up my thigh. I pushed his hand
away and did the buttons up.

"Spoil sport" he grinned "All this talk about sex is getting the windows steamed
up. Pass me a cloth from the glove box"

I opened the glove box and got a cloth. As I gave it to him a big pink thing
fell into my lap. It was a huge dildo shaped like a mans cock.

"Don`t worry love" he laughed "If you want to use it we won`t mind as long as we
can watch. We know you need something when the old mans away"

I quickly shoved it back in the glove box.

"Oh come on. Let's have some fun" he chuckled "Here. Come play with this"

 Grabbing my hand, he pulled it over to his lap were he had taken his cock out.

"Come on now" he smiled "Give it a feel. And if your a good girl, maybe I'll let
you suck it"

I screamed and pulled my hand away.

"Let me out. Stop this lorry now" I insisted.

"Awww. Now look what you've done. Our little playmate wants out. you'll have to
stop now"

The lorry started to slow down, turning onto an off road lay-by. As it came to a
stand still I tried to open the door but it was locked from the driver's side.

"Hang on sweetheart No hard feelings" he grinned "Can`t stop a man from trying.
After all you are a looker. How about a nice kiss for giving you a lift?"

The driver lunged at me and, grabbing the back of my head,dragged me towards
him. He was very strong and he pulled me to him, crushing my lips to his. I
tried to fend him of but my arms were pulled behind me. I felt something being
wrapped around my wrists and then around my elbows.

"Looks like we got you, honeypie" cried Muzzie "Don't it?" and the driver let me
go, pushing me back on the seat.

 "As I said. If your a good little girl you get to suck my cock" the driver said
"Don't you like cock?"

 "Please untie me and let me go " I begged, frightened out of my wits "Please"

 For that I got a back handing that made my teeth shake.

"If you want out, you got to suck my cock" he growled "Now do it"

"And mine too" I heard the one called Muzzie say "I bet with a mouth like that
she gives a great little blow-job"

I was now terrified. I knew I was in real trouble and there might be only one
way to save myself.

"Please. If I do it then will you let me out" I sobbed.

"Ooohh. She learns fast" he grinned "Now get your laughing gear round this hunk
of meat and let's see what you can do"

As I lowered my head he took my hair. Holding his cock and guiding it into my
mouth, he pushed me down on it until I nearly choked

"Too much for your pretty little mouth is it?" he laughed "Well we'll start you
off slow until you get used to it then we can do the tonsil dance. Eh, honeypie?
Won't that be fun?"

I could hear the power he felt over me in his voice and as I was concentrating
on this filthy act I felt hands under me feeling my breasts.

 "God Joe her tits are like torpedoes. They feel fucking great" Joe laughed

"You play with her tits all you want. I'm having a great time" Joe said as he
bobbed my mouth up and down on his stiff cock.

 For what seemed like ages I worked my mouth up and down Joe's stinking cock
while Muzzie pulled and pinched my breasts. Then his hand was feeling my bottom
and he talked to Joe as if I wasn't there. All I could hear was "Fucking lovely
tits", "Great firm ass" "Good little cocksucker" until I was being shoved down
harder and harder and I knew that soon he would be pumping his cum into my
mouth.

It was awful when it happened and worst of all he held me there saying swallow
or choke and I had to. At last he pulled me up as what was left of his cum
dribbled out of my mouth and down my chin.

"That was a fucking lovely blow-job Janie but you do look a mess" he said.

 "Please. I did what you wanted" I begged, trying not to cry "Please untie me
and let me out now"

"Alright, Alright. But you can`t go like that "Here let me wipe your face"

He got the cloth and started wiping the cum from my face but as he  got to the
corner of my mouth he suddenly stuffed the cloth in and from behind I heard the
rip of tape being torn and then pulled tight across my mouth. He then sat back
and looked straight at me.

"You got to much lip, little lady" he said "Now you just given me some head but
Muzzie here says you got tits like torpedoes and we want to see them. So you
just sit still like a good girl and I will lay back here and my friend will
unveil them. Go on my mate"

Hands came round from behind and the buttons on my blouse were slowly undone. I
was pushed forward and the two halfs of my blouse were dragged down to  my bound
elbows. A small knife was used to cut the shoulder straps of my bra and then my
bra cups were pushed down letting my breasts out to the crude cat-calls of my
captors.

Joe was the first to move, coming over to me

 "If your old man goes away from these he must be two cans of a six pack short
in the head but as he don`t want them I do" he said "Now that you've had my cock
in your mouth I'm sure you won`t mind if I have those huge nipples in my mouth.
Come on over here darling and let's give them a feel. Shall we?"

"I felt tears running down my face. How could this be happening? Just a short
while ago I was with a friend and all I wanted to do was go home to my lovely
house. Yet here I was with my hands bound behind me and gagged till I could be
sick, with two foul men pinching and licking my breasts. I could still taste the
strange mans cum in my throat and now I could feel a hand on my leg above my
knee and I new it was not going to stay there.

Joe pulled away from my sore nipple that he had been sucking and gorging on,
looked me in the eyes and then down to his hand.

"Ooohh. Something up there you don`t want me to see, little lady?" he grinned
"The way you fasten them buttons up it might be time to undo them and see what
your hiding under there"

He then he began a real slow touching of as much of my legs as the skirt would
let him until he reached the top of my hold-ups and their pretty black pattern.

"Fucking hell, you sexy bitch" he said "Muzzie. Get a look at this"

 He held my skirt wide apart so Muzzie could get a good look and still keep
playing with my breasts.

"She's got fucking legs that go up to her arm pits" Muzzie said.

"I hope not" Joe laughed "I'm going for something in the middle and it`s got to
be as good as the rest. Now where was I?"

He continued to unbutton the last two buttons, letting my skirt fall away on
ether side. I clamped my legs as tight as I could, staring at him with hate.

"We just want to play a little" he smiled "you don't mind if we play a little
and have some fun with you. Do you?"

He went into a bag behind him and took out some lengths of rope He tied a piece
around one knee put it through the door handle and pulled.

I tried to hold on but my nipples where pinched so hard I gave up.

"That's a good girl give in to it" he crowed, then my other knee was tied to the
brake handle and I sat there totally exposed to their eyes. he looked at me and
licked his lips.

"For what I'm about to receive may the lord make me truly thankful" he said and
he buried his face between my legs.

"Oh god make them stop" I thought and I tried to scream at them but the gag was
too tight. They just kept at me and made their filthy jokes.

"Your fucking tits are unbelievable" Muzzie said "I could suck on them all
night"

"Her cunt smells and tastes great. I think she puts perfume on it. you'd think
she was expecting  us" Joe said "I can suck it right through her panties. Like
eating a sweet with the wrapper on it but I'm going in for the real thing"

 I felt the edge of my panties being pulled to one side and the feel of his
tongue on my naked pussy.

"Oh. Don't she got a lovely little bush?" Joe laughed "All trimmed up and neat
just like a hot little pussy should be. You can get your tongue in without a
mouthful of cunt hairs and she tastes as sweet as a nut. I'm getting fucking
horny again. I've got to have me some of this"

"What's in the back of the wagon?" he barked at Muzzie bringing his head up
"Leave her tits alone and talk to me"

"I don't know for sure I was told it`s booze. I just nicked the wagon and I
didn't look" Muzzie said and went back to sucking on my breasts.

"Alright.You keep our little playmate happy for a while. I'm going to look in
the back" Joe said  "Try not to miss me too much, Janie,you will let Muzzie have
a feel of your cunt,I,m sure he just want`s to play with you"

With that, Joe jumped out of the cab and ran round the back of the lorry. I
could hear the tail gate opening as Muzzie slid his hand down between my legs
and started to probe my pussy with his fingers.

"You got one hell of a fucking body, honeypie" he grinned "And without that tape
all over your face you are one hell of a shag pony. I bet you can ride all
night. Your old man is one lucky fucker. Now if you don`t mind I'm going back to
sucking them tits and fingering your cunt while Joey boy ain`t here"

And that he did till the cab door opened and Joe said "We hit jackpot. The backs
half full of booze and there's some room for playtime with our little honeypie
here. Let's get her in the back. I've done the readying so it`s fun time".


I was dragged out of the cab,pulled round the lorry and shoved into the back. As
the doors closed a light went on and to my horror I saw ropes hanging from the
roof and around the side struts Oh my god what were they going to do to me.

"This looks like fun" Muzzie said  "What's first?"

Joes reply sent shivers down my back.

"First we get her nice and naked and we string her up and warm up that lovely
ass of hers" Joe said. "Then we can tie her in any position we want and fuck the
shit out of her for as long as we can. And looking at her she can turn me on for
hours. Come on honeypie up you go"

My hands were untied and my blouse was pulled off.  Then I was dragged up and
being tied one to one side of the roof one to the other. The gag was left in my
mouth.

"Leave her legs free so she can dance for us" Joe said "I like it when they
dance"

My skirt was left on the floor but my panties were left on and then the spanking
began. First with lengths of rope and then with their belts. It hurt so much at
first but as the pain began to be complete a strange feeling of pleasure in my
body began to confuse my mind. I could almost feel myself pushing my bottom back
as the blows rained in. As this was happening my breasts were being abused and
fingers were pushed up my pussy. The belts did their work,making me push myself
into a finger fucking to escape the spanking. This went on till I heard Joe say
"This is making me so fucking horny I,ve got to fuck the bitch"

"You,ve already had a blow-job" Muzzie said "I want to get rid of my load too so
I'm going to take a hole. But first I brought that little toy she did'nt want to
play with from the glove box. Let's see if this gets that hole of hers going.
It`s top of the range. Buzzes at the top and goes around and around at the cock
end and at the base there's these knobby bits that will drive her clit wild.
Lets see it go to work. Lets shove it in her pants and switch it on".

Waving the thing in front of my face, he pushed the buttons on the base to make
it do all it`s revolting tricks as he looked at me.

"This buzzes fast or slow" he said "Let's find out which she likes the best"

I saw it waving in the most horrid way.

"And this turns at the base. Just look at the knobby bits. There going to make
her do a lot of juicing" Muzzie said, grinning "I bet she wets up a treat when
it gets going.

I tried to struggle but they were much too strong and held me firmly in place.

"Go on, Joe. Pull her legs wide open" Muzzie said "I'm going to plant this up
her cunt, have a drink and watch her go into overdrive. And when she gets going 
we can give her a fucking"

I wanted to scream, yell, do anything but it was no use. My leg was jerked out
and this filthy man pulled my panties to one side and slid this awful thing up
and into me. Just a little at first, then in and out, then in a bit further and
in and out again until it was well in by six or seven inches. He just turned it
on a little at first and it vibrated. I had never felt anything like it before.
He let my panties go and they held it in me They both went to one of the boxes
and took a bottle each,sat on the floor,undid the top and took a swig from the
whisky and looked up at me.

"Take your time love. We got all day set aside for you so you just go ahead and
enjoy yourself" Joe grinned " I know we will"

They both laughed as they watched me squeal and struggle.

"Muzzie. Have you ever seen anything like that. Those lovely legs with them
hold-up stockings. Real nice pattern too" Joe snickered "Kind of match them snug
panties that used to cover that cunt of hers till you stuck that plastic cock up
her. Go on. Turn it up and let's see some real dancing"

I tried to beg but the gag would not move. I felt a hand go between my legs and
I knew he would feel the dampness that had already started to slide down my leg.
As the vibrator was turned up it was having a strange sensation in me. Muzzie
stood up in front of me and played with my breasts.

"Oh My. Getting nice and hot, are we?" He sneered, leaning in to lick my face "I
new you would. Ever had those lovely tits tied up? You'll like the way they
feel. I will. And then we can turn all them little buttons up and then it will
be fun time. I'll get some rope for your titties. Ok? Now don't go away"

Muzzie went behind me to prepare for the next humiliation as I writhed and
squealed for them.

A length of rope was thrown over my shoulder as Muzzie came around in front of
me. Smiling, he pulled  the end of the rope and wrapped it tightly round my
breast and tied it off.  He then pulled the rest round my neck and down to my
other breast doing the same thing. He stood back and looked at me.

I looked down and my already large breasts were so big and pointing out left and
right.

"Oh yes, just perfect" he said, bending down and starting to suck hard on the
enlarged nipples that were becoming very sensitive.

His hand went down between my legs. I tried to keep them shut but more biting on
my nipples soon made me open for him to play with the buttons. The vibrating
started to bite and the rotating of the plastic cock was overwhelming. He pushed
it in more, making it move further up me and I moaned into the gag as my body
started to shake. All the time Muzzie sucked and pulled at my excited nipples,
then he slid down my body and got some tape. He pulled the side of my panties up
and taped them to my side,holding the dildo up hard into me as he pressed the
last button. The bottom of the dildo turned and as the knobbed edges ran over my
clit my body shook.

"I'll just give you a wanking to get you going, little honey-pie" he smiled as
his hand played with my clit and my head rocked back as I moaned louder into the
gag.

Joe took that as a signal for his next move.He came up behind me, pulled the
tape from my mouth and took the rag out. As I took a huge breath a bottle was
shoved into my mouth and held there. It was choke or swallow and swallow I did
till half a bottle had been emptied into me. While this was happening Muzzie was
playing with my pussy and making my nipples into wavesof  pleasure. I groaned
and Muzzie took that as his sign to move down my body, pull the dildo out and
replace it with his tongue, almost drinking the running juice from my pussy. Joe
was behind me playing with my breasts and I went into my first orgasm.

"Well, Well. You're going for it now" he said, standing " Now lets have another
fucking but this time the real thing"

He pulled my buttocks forward and shoved his long thick cock into me. As he did
that he brought his hand up behind my head and kissed me hard As my mouth was
open since the start of this rape it was easy for his tongue to plough into it.
The drink now took it`s toll. The fucking, the kissing and the hands all over my
breasts. I couldn't control myself and as my mind hated me my body rushed hard
to another orgasm. Just then Muzzie stopped and took his cock out till it was
just touching me. The way I was tied I could not follow him down.

"Please" I whimpered

"Please what" he said as he bent forward and kissed my breasts

"Please put it back",I whispered

"What shall I do when I put it back" he grinned.

 With shame I heard my voice

"I want to be fucked" I cried out and he did just that till I went over into my
orgasm. Feeling him fill me with his cum,I hung on my ropes.

The next thing I knew I was being taken down and pulled to the side of the
lorry. My arms were pulled forward and to the side and tied to the lower strut.
Then one of the ropes that had held my wrists was lengthened and tied around my
waist. My feet were pulled forward and tied wide to the lowest strut. Bent over
like this the drink made me feel dizzy. Joe was soon at me from the rear.

"God this cunt's wet" he said as he rutted into me.

 Muzzie came under my arms and stood in front of me playing with my hanging,
bound breasts. As I stood there all I could see was Muzzie's half limp cock
covered in my juice. With him playing with me and Joe fucking me from behind my
mouth was open gasping for air. Muzzie got his hand around his cock, pushing it
into my mouth. I thought it would taste awful but it didn't and soon it was
going hard and further into my mouth. It was soon it`s full size and pushing all
around my mouth as Joe shot another load into me.

Joe pulled back as Muzzie crawled out from me between my spread legs and pushed
himself into me again but this time all he did was get it wet. Then he took it
back out again,and I felt the tip on my bottom pushing in. I cried and I shouted
but they just laughed.

"Come on,your old man must have had some asshole" he said

With that I felt it push into me. I tried to move but Joe was at my nipples
again pinching till I stood still. The whole length of Muzzie was now in me and
I was surprised that it didn't hurt. As he started to push in and pull out the
feeling was incredible and I moved without thinking.


"She likes her ass fucked" I heard "I think she really does. I told you she
would go into overdrive"

To my shame I was moaning and pushing back as Joe came to my front and stuck his
cock in my mouth. This time I sucked without being forced. This went on for a
long time. As both of them were well spent it took them a while and to my shame
I loved it.



I was out of it when they finished. They untied me and laid me on the floor.
When my head cleared they were kneeling on each side of my head with their cocks
playing on my lips and their fingers toying with my pussy.

"No more. Please no more" I said feebly ,it was feeble but they heard.

"Oh, come on now. I think you have some more in you,if you don`t,we will just
tie you up and do you any way," smiled Joe and he took the vibrator and started
running it over my clit

"Come on Janie lets play again" they laughed as my legs started to move and my
breath got faster. My mouth opened and soon they were both trying to push in.

"No...No... Stop...No more" I pleaded but as I spoke the words were cut off by
their cocks and the dildo was starting me off again and I was getting hot. I
tried to take it and use it myself but they stopped me.

"Say please and we will let you play" Joe laughed.

"Please" I said and they told me to open my mouth as wide as I could. As I did
their cocks pushed in and I was given the plastic cock to pleasure myself. They
didn't let me do that for long. After some moments Joe laid on the floor "Come
on get the bitch up and sitting where she belongs"and Muzzie shoved me up and on
to his erect cock and I sank down onto it. Joe pulled my tits down hard and I
fell forward. As that happened Muzzie got behind me and I felt his cock pushing
into my backside. I was impaled on both of them at once and again they raped
into me,I did`nt want to but I enjoying it.

I blacked out from the drink and everything else and as I came to I was laying
in the back of the moving lorry. My panties were on as was my skirt. My blouse
was on but my bra wasn't and my breasts were still tied. My legs were taped
together and so were my hands behind me and I was blindfolded. The lorry came to
a stop and the back opened.

"Come on little lady time to go" he said "We got to get rid of this wagon and
you better go home. We have rung a garage and they will be bring some fuel
soon,so time for us to part"

,I was pulled out of the back, carried to my car and thrown into the back seat.
With a last feel up my skirt,into my panties and down my blouse pinching my sore
nipples and the words "A lovely little fuck" I heard the door slam and soon the
sound of the lorry was going into the distance.

It must have been half an hour when I heard another van stop and the sound of
footsteps coming toward my car. The door opened.

"You must be the lady what want the juice"

 The voice was very calm for the sight I must have been. I was just about to
speak when my legs were grabbed and I was pulled along the back seat and sat
with my feet out of the car. My skirt had ridden up and was bunched at the
thigh.

"Open your mouth" I heard a voice say. I was about to shout when a slap told me
I was, in no way in charge.

"Please... No...You can`t mean to" But I was stopped in mid word by another slap
and the same command.

I had no choice. I opened my mouth and another foul tasting piece of  male meat
was pushed in. with the words "Start sucking and do it good our you will stay
here for a long time"

It took me about ten minutes to get him off and he just pushed me back down,
leaving me with my skirt up and his cum dripping from my mouth. I heard petrol
going into the tank and thought 'Thank god for that'. I heard the empty can
thrown back in his van and his foot-steps coming back.

"I've put in twenty. That should get you home"

I said "Thank you" as I was pulled up and out of the car and stood up.

"Now lets put some in you and shut the fuck up,or I'll belt you again"

I stood there in fear as hands went up my skirt and into my panties,playing with
my pussy and bottom sticking fingers in both. A mouth sucked on my poor nipples
until I was picked up and taken to the back of my car, bent forward and had
another cock in my pussy from behind. He took ages and to my horror I found
myself hoping he would take it out of my pussy and stick it up my ass. What was
happening to me? What was I thinking? Thank god  he didn't how would I feel and
what would have done if he had turned me on,would I have let him do anything to
me. When he had done with me he tied my hands at the front but made it easy to
escape, though it did take enough time for him to be long gone.

I untied myself and looked at the world. The fog had gone. I was in my car with
all the doors locked and heading for home. To my lovely big house. Safe and
sound. I spent three hours in the bath cleaning myself and thinking. Later,
after covering my bruises, I went down the road to my neighbour to collect our
dog, our big Labrador, and

locked the doors till I could`nt help but fall into a sleep on the settee.


My husband came home three days later. I had healed and there were no marks and
had  made up my mind not to say anything. The only thing I wanted was a way to
get him to fuck my ass. After all these years would it be easy or would it sound
wrong? Anyway I couldn't and he didn't.

It was a nice week while he was home. Good normal sex and still Lisa was away at
camp. I did send for a vibrator out of a Sunday newspaper thinking it may come
in handy while he was away the following week.

On Sunday I waved him good-bye for another week. I hoped this deal was worth it.
I did some house work but it was a boring day. Just one phone call for him.  I
told the caller he was away for the week he said he would ring next week. I
looked at the thing I had bought but I love my Dave too much.

Then it was Monday. Oh what a day. It was raining so hard. I thought of Lisa at
that camp. I got some jobs done in the  garage and I was filthy so at lunch time
I thought I would treat myself to a beauty bath. Lots of smelly and a long hot
hour. Then a treat. My nice hold-ups, French knickers, lace bra, silk slip and
my best dressing robe. My hair  looked ace and I smelt like Paris on a good day.
I again looked at that plastic thing. No,my David should have better. I would go
down stairs and relax and watch a soppy movie. I went down stairs and went into
the lounge.

"Hello honey-pie. I brought your spare keys back"

It was Joe sitting on my settee. 'Get out' was the first thing that went through
my mind and I turned to run for the front door. I ran straight into a fist that
hit me in the midriff,I felt sick as my arms were twisted up behind me and I was
marched back to the lounge. Muzzie was standing by the dining room door.

"You haven't met Al and Tom. Have you?" he said " We told them all about you and
they just wanted to say hello"

There was that same sneer in Muzzies voice. My mind raced. One good scream.
Somebody must be close. I took a deep breath but before I new it a hand stopped
anything from coming out of my mouth.

"Oh. She's fighting again. Still we came prepared" Muzzie said and took out a
role of duck tape, tore a piece off and stuck it over my mouth. Then just to
make sure, two more pieces. Then he went behind me and my wrists were taped.
Then he bent down and taped my legs. They all stood away from me looking at
their helpless prisoner.

Joe got up and came towards me.  Pulling my robe to one side he said "Just as
lovely as I remember. Glad you told me on the phone yesterday that your old man
was away for a while. I just couldn't stand another day without seeing what's
under this slip again. Wow French knickers"


He grabbed me and cupped my pussy making me squeal.

"God that feels full. Is it just wanting for me?" he grinned "I know honey-pie.
Why don`t you show Al and Tom your lovely house. Would you like to start with
the bedroom chaps?"

They all laughed.

"Take her up stairs lads I,m sure Jane won`t mind if you play with her,just give
her a good feel up,she has some nice places to feel. Me and Muzzie will be up
soon. We just want to see what pickings there are"

I was lifted up. One put his arms under mine and gripped my breasts. The other
lifted my legs with one arm. This left his other free to play with me and I was
carried up my stairs as the tears started to flow down my face. How could this
be happening again.


When we reached the bedroom they dropped me on the bed.

"Great. A fancy brass bed head and tail this should be fun" Tom said. He
whispered something to Al and he went down stairs. Al sat beside me as I lay
there. He just ran his hands all over me,up my leg and over my breast`s grinning
and making slurping noises. Tom came back carrying some clothes line and a brown
bag. He dropped them on the bed and sat on the other side of me.


They spent the next ten minutes either with hands up my slip or just squeezing
my breasts. Then Al said "Come here love. Lets see some more of you. Your body
is too good to true"

They cut my wrist tape, pulled my robe off and tied my hands in front. Then they
turned me over and made me kneel up,tying my hands to the top bar on the bed
head. Then they tied my knees together and down to each side of the bed, drawing
them up at the same time so my bottom was on full view. They pulled my panties
down my thighs and fondled my bottom while pushing my slip up my back.

"Look at that ass framed in all that black" Tom said "It looks good white but I
bet it looks better red.  I think it needs to be warmed up"

I was in shock as they both stood on either side of the bed and started to spank
me. Softly to start with and getting harder and harder as they got excited. I
moaned. I cried. But I felt that feeling again. Was it me or did each blow make
me feel wetter and wetter. They  finished their fun and soon Tom was kneeeling
behind me with his cock pumping in me for all he was worth. Al was laying under
me with a pair of scissors cutting the middle of my bra to let my nipples push
out so he could lay there with them in his mouth as I was rocked with the
hammering I was getting from Tom. I felt Tom fill me and then they changed
places. Soon I was being well filled and sucked for the second time but this
time Al kept the spanking up and I new my wetness would soon betray me.

Then the other two came in.

"What a fucking sight" Joe said "Our Janie tied to her bed, gagged and being
given a good fucking. Soon it will be my turn,and I've brought some more toys
for her to play with"

I groaned and the four of them  laughed.

"You,ll be groaning soon my honeypie" he chuckled.

The rest of the evening was spent with me being stripped, apart from my now
Peek-a-boo bra and my hold-ups, and tied anyway they wanted to make my
humiliation worse. My gag had been removed and my mouth was sore from the amount
of times they had used it. This went on until they were all well spent then Joe
said it was time for the real show. They had brought most of our drink upstairs
and had it. Joe had them tie me with my hands to my side, just above my pussy.

I was raised up with pillows under me and my legs were tied open at the knee.
Joe had a plastic funnel. He pushed it in my mouth and poured something out of a
bottle he had in that brown bag.

"This should make the night go" he grinned "I know it will make you hot and
that's what we all want"

He then went between my legs, took out a plastic dildo, and started running it
up and down my pussy lips. It shot things in me and my hips started to move.
Something in the drink was making me giddy and my head was swimming with
pleasure. I felt the dildo go all the way in and then Joe pushed his cock into
my bottom and started to rape my ass. I new what would happen. He took the dildo
out and just laid it on my bush and I felt my hand searching for it. That's why
I had been tied this way. I could only just touch myself and that was driving me
wild. I could feel my ass raping getting to me. They could also see it was and
they all wanted to do my ass and they did. I was ashamed at the way I had
enjoyed being tied and abused. There was one time that there was one of them in
each of my holes.

When the phone rang and it was Dave the answer phone took his message. (sorry I
missed you. Hope your not to tired and getting plenty of good things to eat.
Keep your self ready for the weekend. Bye darling)

The one who was fucking my mouth said "Are you getting plenty to eat darling.
These cocks are going to be your diet for the week little lady"

They all roared with laughter and carried on into the night. It was then that I
heard Rex my Labrador barking. They had kept him locked in the kitchen. I begged
them to let him go out and to my surprise Muzzie grinned at me.

I was shocked to see him bring Rex into the bedroom. I couldn't pet him to show
it was allright because they never untied me all the time they had been doing me
so he just sat there with Muzzie holding his collar.


I had just finished sucking off Tom when Muzzie went to Joe and they whispered
to each other. They passed drinks around as I laid on my cum drenched bed tied
in another foul position. Joe came over to me.

"Time for you to have another drink" he said.

No...Please...No more" I sobbed "It`s not good for me. It`s drugging me"

"It`s good for us" Joe laughed  "It keeps you hot. Now drink or I'll get the
funnel"

I opened my mouth in surrender. After I finished the bottle they pulled me to
the side of the bed, tying my legs to the top and bottom. Then they put pillows
under me pushing me up and out. My wrists were pulled back to the top and bottom
of the other side. I was now hanging off the edge of the bed, totally exposed,
with my tits sticking up to the ceiling. I could,n't see what they were doing
but they were all  very excited.


The next thing I new a vibrator was slowly pushed into my bottom and switched
on. I couldn't stop the moans that the drink and the vibrating was forcing out
of me. Then someone started to play with me.

"Wank her up good" I heard a voice say "We need some good juice for this"

I pleaded with them to stop but all I heard was "You don`t mean that you fucking
hot cunt. You love it and you'll love this"

There was lots of movement and scuffling and then I felt something cold on my
pussy. I pulled my head up to try and see what they were doing to me. My god it
was Rex. They were making him lick me and I was so wet he had lots to lick. It
was driving me crazy but they just kept him licking and Rex couldn`t seem to get
enough I started screaming at them to make him stop. Yelling at Rex to stop and
that made him back away but they came round to me and stuck tape over my mouth
and pulled Rex back for more. They even turned the vibrator up and I went wild
as they stood there laughing.

I felt Rexs tongue go further up me as someone  put tape across my bottom
forcing and keeping the dildo up me further. I couldn't control myself and I
bucked and humped to the amusement of the four laughing men. I could feel Rex
getting more and more aroused. Muzzie went down stairs as Joe pulled Rex up and
put his paws ether side of me. I could feel him pushing between my legs
searching for my pussy. Muzzie came back and smeared something onto my nipples
and Rex went straight for it. His rough tongue was setting my breasts on fire.
Then he found me and I felt him enter me and begin to pump at me while licking
what they had put on my nipples I just went crazy. This went on for ages.


I was almost out of it when Rex finally filled me and he drew out. They took him
back down stairs. I was untied and carried to the bathroom where they cleaned me
out and washed me. I saw the clock. One twenty. I had been abused for over ten
hours.T hey combed my hair and made me look better. They still left my hold-ups
on but my bra was removed. I was taken back to the bed and just to make sure my
hands were tied and I was left to sleep. I couldn't help drifting into a kind of
drugged sleep.

As I dozed off I could see them moving the furniture around in the bedroom so
they could sleep too. Three bedding down places and of course one in the bed
with me. They would be taking turns all night. In my half drugged sleep I could
feel a cock somewhere in me at all times.

Morning came and they were cleaning themselves up and as they said, getting
ready for another fun filled day. Joe was the first on top of me. He tied my
wrists to each side of the bed and said he wanted to work up to a good
breakfast. That's if I could cook one with a cock up me.

Then I heard our front door bang and Lisa's voice.

"We got washed out Mum" I heard her shout "I brought Kath home. Her mum says she
could stay for a few days. Mum? Where are you?"

A hand went over my mouth and the others hid. Joe just kept on fucking me as the
bedroom door opened and two twelve year old girls came in.

Joe looked at the two girls.

"You don`t mind if your mother doesn't get up Do you, girls?" he said to the two
shocked little girls "She's a bit busy getting fucked at the moment"

Muzzie shut the door behind them and leaned on it. With lust in his eyes he said
" And what have we here? Is it guide week" Is this where you little girls do
volunteer work? I think we could find you two cuties a job or two. Can't we,
boys?"

The others joined in the crude remarks that made my skin crawl. Joe took his
hand away from my mouth.

"Please leave them alone. They're only children" I sobbed out "Haven't I done
enough" Please their only twelve"

I hoped my pleading would save the girls from these animals.

"Ooohh. Only twelve" Muzzie grinned "Ain't that cute. That sounds real nice. And
just look at those cute little uniforms. Mmmm. Yummy. I don,t know,we'll have to
think about this"

Joe suddenly filled me again.

" Just look what you little girls have made me do in your mummy"

There was more laughter andthe girls just kept gawking at me, wide eyed and
speechless.

"So you want us to leave them alone. Do you?" Tom grinned "Well what say they do
a little show for us and while we watch Mum can give us all a nice sucking and
we'll see how it goes. If Mums real good and makes us cum in her mouth then
maybe we won't have to bother the little girls too much. But if Mum's to tired
to do the business then you girls will have to do it for her. What do you say
Mummy?"

I looked at him from my bed.

"Please. I'll do it. I'll do it good. You'll see" I blurted in panic for the
girls "Just let me talk to them. "Please"

I looked at Lisa and Kath.

"Everything will be alright. Just do as I tell you. I promise" I cried the last
words out thinking how could I have got us in all this trouble.

As the girls watched, stunned, I was pulled off the bed and my wrists were tied
with about a foot of rope between them. Then my elbows were tied behind leaving
me secure.Tom went down stairs and got cheese, fruit and biscuits. They all sat
on the bed in a line. I was kneeling in front of them.

"Tell the girls to slowly strip each other" Joe said "Then we want to see them
kiss each other all over. And we mean all over. Then they can suck each other.
We want to see them do a a good 69 for us and they better make sure they make
each other come. We'll know and if they don`t do it really nice for us they'll
get first our belts then our cocks. Now tell them then you get back here and
start sucking"

I went over to the girls and told them to do as they had heard. It would be
alright but they must do it. That I wouldn't tell anyone and if they did it
really good they would be safe. I promised. I kissed them both and went back to
start on the men. As I took the first cock in my mouth I  heard Muzzie telling
the girls to get on with it. As I was busy sucking with my back to them, I only
knew what was happening by the crude comments coming from our tormentors.

"You take her top off. Go on----Now her vest----That's it---Now suck her titties
and the pink nipples---that's it-----Yeah. That's what we want to see---Suck
those titties good now---Ok now you take her top off-----oh a bra. We'll have
that off-----Ooohh. Big titties just like her Mum ----Go on---Give them a good
suck Do you like each other's titties? Bet you do----Ok girls.Skirts next. Go
on. Take them off for us----Wow. Look at those little pink panties.Very nice---
Now let's see yours too---Oh. Nice white ones and just as full of cunt I
bet----Now Kathy. Why don't you pull down Lisa's panties and see what she's got
for you----Ooohh. Look at that nice little pussy. Don't you just love it Kathy?
Go on. Get down there and have a good close look at it. Closer than that get
your face right in there----Go on Kathy. Kiss her pussy. That's the girl---Now
Lisa next---- see what you can find in Kathy's panties---That's it---pull them
down. We all want to see---Mmmm. Nice. Nice. Now get down and give it a
lick----That's the girl. Does it taste good? Do you like it?----Ok Kathy. It's
your turn to lick Lisa-----come on now. Lisa did you better. That's it. Show her
how much you like it. Lick it good now..."

Joe stood up and came over to me. He took my head out of Als lap and pulled me
over to him. I could see Kathy on her knees licking Lisa. She had her tongue
going up and down Lisa's hairless little slit and Lisa was enjoying it.

"I think your Mum wants to watch you girls do a 69" Joe said "So let's get to
it, girls. Kathy you get on your back and Lisa you get on top of her and lets
see you put on a show for Mummy"

As the girls were getting into position, Muzzie went down stairs and came back
with a camera.

"I knew I'd seen one somewhere" he grinned, setting the camera up for the
'show'.

Al went to the bag and got out a bottle. He took the bottle and went over to the
girls.

"Take one of these each and swallow it down with this" he said handing each of
the girls a pill.

They took a pill each and Al made them drink far more than just a swallow. Then
he came over to me and put  two in my mouth and made me drink more from the
bottle.

 "That's a strong mix" he said "These three whores will be going till next week.
Or is that the idea"

Again they all laughed as the girls got down and I went back to sucking on Joe's
cock.

I watched as the two girls went at it. licking each other's slits and really
working hard to do as they were told. So was Muzzie with the camera. To my shock
they  were soon juicing into each others mouths and the men were shouting them
on till they each had an orgasm and their faces were smeared with each other
wetness. The men told them to leave it on for the next show. I wondered what
they would make the girls do next.

 I was untied and they told me to lay on my back in the middle of the room. The
girls were given dildoes and told to fuck Mummies cunt and ass with them while
licking mummies tits and nipples. I pleaded with them not to and they told me if
they didn't get a good show then they would fuck the girls. My choice.

I had no choice but to just lay back and the girls started. It did`nt take long
for the vibrators, the girls fingers and the tablets to have me moaning and
moving my hips. The drink and pills must have had the same effect on the girls
as they seemed to be enjoying my uncontrolled pleasure. They were enjoying being
masters over me and making me do anything they wanted. I found myself pulling
the girls to me. I was even aware I was kissing my own daughter on the mouth and
holding her and her friend onto my breasts and pussy, helping them shove the
plastic cocks up me further.

Tom got Lisa to sit on my face and I could not stop my tongue from enjoying her
young fresh pussy. Then I did the same to Kathy as my Lisa was kissing and
licking my pussy. We all orgasemed and lay in each others arms.

"I,m glad that was a 36mm film" he grinned "Iwould never have got  all that
pussy eating on less"

I looked at them.

"We kept our side of the deal" I said "We did what you wanted to see. Will you
go now. Please"

I hated pleading but it seemed the only way.

"Yeah. Your'e right" he smiled "Where can we lock the girls up for the rest of
the day. You can cook us a meal and maybe give us all another good fuck. Then
we,ll be on our way"

Quickly I said "There is Lisa's room next door and the spare room downthe hall"

They took some rope and said they would make sure they were out of the way and
be down for food later. I was taken down stairs but before I could start any
cooking I found myself on my knees giving Tom and Joe another blow-job while
their hands pulled and pinched at my breasts. What I did`nt know was that Muzzie
was with Lisa and Al was with Kathy in their respective rooms.They hadn't let
them get dressed and they were both still drunk on pills and drink. They were
both now tied hand and foot with duck tape over their mouths and laying on their
beds. Muzzie and Al were having the time of their lives.

As I was being kept busy with cocks in my mouth, the other two men were lapping
the juice from between the girls legs. They were still high on drink and drugs
so all they were doing was giggling into their gags as the men got bolder. Soon,
both girls had their legs untied and widely spread and the men were fingering
them and using vibrators on them to get them excited. They took their gags out
only to keep them quiet with their mouths and tongues. Soon the girls were so
hot that a little persuading like "Come on just try it. Come on just kiss it.
That's right. Give it a lick. See it`s not so bad. How about I just put it in a
little" had them sucking on cock and it was not long before all that playing
with their pussies from me and getting them drunk let the bastards get up their
little pussies and take their innocence. Their first time was with filthy
animals like these.

I saw them come down grinning from ear to ear as they took the place of  Tom and
Joe. I could taste something different on their cocks. Little did I know then it
was my own daughters virginity I was tasting. The other two had less trouble
getting the girls going as they were still hot. They just got down to it and
fucked them. The girls were then tied and left up there while I was forced to
feed them. After that they had.more plans.


They kept a rope around my neck as I cooked and then fed me scraps. As they
ate,they made me clean up and two of them went into the lounge. We havethree
beams in that room for indoor plants,but they had other ideas. I was pulled in
and my hands tied infront of me. They had got my highest heeled shoes and new
hold-ups and I was told to put them on. A broom handle had been brought and my
ankles were tied well apart to it. I was pulled up by my wrists to a beam and a
dirty cloth was shoved in my mouth and taped in. Then tape was put over my
stomach and down over my bush. Then two vibrators were pushed in me and the tape
pulled round and over my bottom. They sat back and looked at me and smiled.

"Tom go fetch the little bunnies " Joe said. "Al switch her on. It`s dance time"

Al came over, looked me in the eyes, kissed both my nipples and reached between
my legs to switch on the vibrators. These were like the first ones. Lots of
movement and I new they would get to me soon.

The door opened and Lisa and Kathy were brought in. They were both naked with
their hands taped behind them. Joe told them to sit on his and Muzzie knee and I
watched the girls squeal and laugh as the four men played with their young
bodies. As Joe was finger fucking Lisa, Kathy was already stuck on Muzzie long
cock. "You didn't think we would lock them up before we banged them did you?"
Joe said "They broke in just like pro's. They made so much juice that we had to
mop it up with this daughter of yours panties that  your sucking on right now. I
know she tastes good. I've had some" As I hung there the four men fucked the two
girls and had their cocks in their mouths and as I hung there the things in me
were making me move and groan. Muzzie who had his cock in Lisa,s mouth said
"Mummy looks out of it. Shall I get her a playmate? Keepyour mouth open little
girl. I'll be right back"

Muzzie went out and came back in with Rex. Oh God No.

He ripped the tape off  my bush pulling hair out. I screamed into the gag but it
was their idea of fun. He took out the dildo up my pussy and, moving the tape to
hold the one up my ass, put the plastic in front of Rex and guided him to my
pussy. Rex was as excited as last time and I was helpless to stop him. Muzzie
grinned and went back to Lisa's mouth. Rex took a least half an hour to lose
interest. Then they put the plastic cock back in and left me to have my fourth
orgasm.

That was Tuesday. They left on Thursday and for all that time the three of us
were just their sex toys and as we did`nt want anymore beatings we did all we
could to please them. I remember kneeling there with one in my ass and one in my
mouth looking at Lisa and Kathy getting fucked thinking, 'Monday morning you
were innocent lovely young children and now you can suck a mans cock to the back
of your throats. You can take a man in any hole either at once or all three
together and you can lick pussy till you drive me wild. Me? I can take a good
spanking and I'll do anything perverted with man or beast and I'm really into
bondage...and little girls.

As I said in the beginning, I have a problem. Kathy likes to come over when
Daves away and Lisa doesn't go to school when Daves away and I never did get my
spare set of keys back and Joe has got the list of times that Daves away and a
lot of new mates and a roll of film that I don`t wantanyone to see

Is that a problem.

                                                            PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





