BDSM Library - Deidre




Deidre
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Deidre has always been a showoff AKA prick teaserbut when she goes to college and flashes her Professor it brings her a world of hurt.
                                   DEIDRE
                                 by Allene
                         (copywrite Allene Blake 2001)

I have been a showoff since I was about three and discovered adults would giggle
and applaud when I ran around or danced wearing just my panties. I found if I
crawled up into a man's lap and squirmed around it would always get me hugs.

Then one day I went too far. After my bath I ran out stark naked to showoff in
front of my aunt and uncle and boy cousins. Rather than giggle the adults looked
embarrassed althogh my boy cousins still applauded. My Mom scooped me up and
took me to my bedroom saying I was naughty for running around naked and so I
wouldn't forget she gave me a spanking and told me never to come out naked again
and also never let anyone touch me "down there".

It was still okay to run around in my panties until I was about six when I was
told it was not decent at my age to be so close to naked. I really missed it.
No-one paid any attention to me with my clothes on.

The next summer Dad and Mom decided to take a vacation. They dropped me off at
my Aunt and Uncle's place to babysit me while they were gone. After unpacking I
went out to the backyard and saw my cousins splashing around in an above ground
pool. It was hot and my Uncle saw me looking at it longingly and said, "Would
you like to go swimming Dee Dee?"

I said,"I would love it but Mom forgot to pack my swimsuit."

My aunt said,"I could run into town and get her one." My Uncle said,"That isn't
necessary. She can just swim in her panties."

My Aunt said, "I don't think her Mom would approve of that."

My Uncle said, "What she doesn't know won't hurt her. You won't tell her will
you Dee Dee."

There was no chance of that. I knew Mom would really spank me hard if she found
out. I really wanted to go swimming and show off again so I said, "I won't tell
her but you or the boys might."

My uncle said to my aunt, "You won't tell will you Linda?"

My aunt giggled and said, "No. I know how you and the boys miss her showing
off."

He took me out to the pool and said, "Boys. Dee Dee would like to go swimming
but she doesn't have a swimsuit. She would go in her panties but she is afraid
her Mom may find out and spank her.You won't tell her will you?"

They said in chorus. "No we won't tell anybody."

My Uncle said, "Okay Dee you are all set. You can take off your clothes now."

That was different. I had always taken off my clothes in my room to come out in
panties.

I said, "Should I do it here?"

"Sure. Remember how we would clap when you came out in your panties? We will
clap everytime you take something off."

The approval was unreal. They even clapped when I kicked off my thongs. Even my
aunt giggled and applauded.

there was even more when I took off my t-shirt and I wondered if it was because
I was getting bumps where Mom's big breasts were. I took off my jeans slowly to
make the applause last then got on the platform to dance a little to more
applause before jumping in.  

After spashing around some more My cousin Jimmy said, "Why don't you dance some
more for us."

I climbed up on the platform to dance to even more applause plus whistles.

I heard my Aunt say,"I know her Mom would not approve of this."

I looked down and saw my white panties were nearly transparent and the wet cloth
hugged me "down there" to show the crack between the puffy lips. I realized I
was nearly naked which was a definite "No" so I blushed and jumped back in the
water to hide.

My aunt and uncle lost interest and went in to the house but the boys didn't.
They began to wrestle with me and their wet bodies sliding against mine felt
good.

We decided to get out for awhile to sunbathe. I laid down between them on a
blanket and didn't object when they began carressing suntan oil on me because it
felt so nice especially when they pulled my legs open to rub it on my inner
thighs. Then I felt a hand "down there". I panicked and jumped up to yell."You
can't touch me there. Mom said that is a sin and I will go to Hell!"

I ran into the house and my aunt said,"What is wrong?" I was embarrassed to tell
her so lied and said that I was afraid I may get sunburned.

I stayed in my room until dinnertime then came down fully dressed. Everyone was
real nice and I began to think I had overreacted.After all I had not told the
boys not to touch me down there. The boys had put the TV on MTV and I heard a
song I liked and began twisting in my chair in time with the beat.

My uncle said, "You are a natural dancer. Someday we will see you on MTV."

I was flattered and said,"Do you really think so?"

"Sure. Why don't you dance for us? You need a lot of practise if you want to be
a star."

"In my panties?"

"Of course the girls on TV are wearing less."

I figured my aunt was a woman and Mom's sister so I should check with her."

I said,"Do you think it would be alright? Mom said I shouldn't dance in panties
anymore."

"Sure Honey. Your Mom watches too many TV preachers."

That was for sure she had religeous channels on all day. I said, "Well it won't
be the same. I don't have a costume like the girls on MTV."

"No problem. I can make you one. Come into the bedroom."

I followed her in. She said, "Take off your clothes while I dig through this
christmas stuff."

I took off my clothes and stood there nervously holding my hands over "down
there."

She found some white satin ribbon about two inches wide. She wrapped a piece
around my chest which seemed to accentuate my nipple bumps then tied a piece
around my waist. She tied another piece to the waistband below my belly button
then ran it between my legs to tighten it and tie it to the back of the
waistband. I gasped as I felt it pull down on the front of the waistband as it
tightened on my pussy then slid into my buttcrack.

She put me in front of the mirror and said,"See. It is a lot like the girls on
TV."

I turned and said,"Not really my buns are bare and it barely covers me down
there."

"Girls are wearing swimsuits now that bare the buns and your little pussy is
hidden. Stars don't wear much. Look at Madonna."

I had to admit most of her buns were bare.

I went back to dance but soon they were giving me directions to open my legs and
pump my hips back and forth. That made the ribbon move in my crotch to make a
strange feeling but a good strange feeling. Then after being directed to lean
backwards and pump the strange feeling got stronger and I noticed the boys were
staring at my crotch. I looked down to see the ribbon had crawled into my slit
leaving me naked.

I immediately stopped and put my hands over my crotch. They yelled,"Don't stop.
You are doing great!"

I sobbed, "I can't. I am naked. I promised Mom I wouldn't dance naked. She gave
me a spanking for it. I feel so guilty!"

My Uncle said, "We can stop the guilty feeling."

I sobbed,"How?"

"Simple. You no longer feel guilty after a spanking. We'll just give you a
spanking and it will be all right."

I sobbed,"But spanking hurts!"

"It doesn't have to hurt much.We would just use our hands not that nasty
hairbrush your Mom uses.It will hurt us as much as you."

I needed to relieve my guilt and said,"Okay. Do I get over your knees."

"No we do it differently but first, Linda, cut off the ribbons."

I protested, "But that will make me totally naked."

"Yes. That is what you will be spanked for."

My aunt cut off the ribbons then My Uncle said, "Come over here and straddle my
knee then give me a big hug."

I did it feeling the cloth of his pants on my crotch. He began spanking me
hitting my left bun with his right hand and my right bun with his left. It
didn't hurt much but the impacts were making my crotch slide back and forth on
his leg to give me a strange but good feeling. I found myself pulling my legs
more open so more of my weight could slide on his pants. just when it began to
really feel good he told me to go to Jimmy. I hugged him and the feeling came
back.Jimmy hit harder but sliding on his pants made up for it. Then it was
Alex's turn and the feeling became so exciting I began to pant. Then I went to
Linda. She pulled up her skirt so my pussy was rubbing on her bare leg. That was
wonderful and I got marvelous tingling sensations deep into my crotch. When she
stopped I wriggled on her leg rubbing my little boobs on her big ones.

My uncle said,"Feel better now?"

"I feel strange. The spanking didn't hurt. I liked it, but I don't feel guilty
now."

"Good. It was a good spanking. Go look at your buns."

I backed up to a mirror and could hardly believe they were so red and now felt
the throbbing feeling after one of Moms but it was not unpleasant.

My uncle said,"Now we will make you feel better. Lie down on the bearskin rug."

I laid down on my tummy and they began rubbing some oil on me. It felt
wonderful. If I was a cat I would have purred.

He told me to roll over then said, "Remember. We aren't touching you down there.
We are just putting lotion on you."

Then there were hands all over me rubbing my little boobies, my tummy, my crotch
and my thighs all at once. I stretched my hands over my head and absorbed the
wonderful feelings that were making my tummy pulsate.

I groaned when they stopped. My uncle said, "Are you going to dance for us naked
tomorrow night?'

"Yes even though I know I must be spanked for it."

"You said that spanking didn't hurt. The next will be done with this little
leather strap.Would you like a spank to see what it will feel like."

"Yes. I think it should hurt a little more."

I rolled over on my tummy and he hit me across both butt cheeks. It stung more
than the hands but still not nearly as bad as Mom's hairbrush.

I rolled over to grin at him and said, "That will be all right. Will I be rubbed
afterwards?"

"Tonight was a special treat since it was your first spanking. Normally only
parts that have been hit are rubbed."

I absorbed that for a moment thinking about which parts felt best rubbed then I
said, "Okay. I want my buns, my thighs, my boobies, my tummy and my crotch
spanked."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. They are all parts you will see so they should be punished."

"Good girl. You can do anything you want in your dance because you will be
punished for it."

We went to bed. The boys wanted to come into my room but I wouldn't let them
because I wanted to touch myself to bring back the good feeling. I rubbed my
crotch smiling at the sensations until I went to sleep. That was to be my
pattern for many years. Only I could touch "down there".

The next day there was no pretense. I swam naked and so did the boys. They
wanted to touch me but I refused not wanting to go to Hell but at their begging
I rubbed their little penis's until snot like stuff shot out and they sighed in
relief.Again it set a pattern in that I would allow boys the pleasure of hand
jobs rather than have them touch me.

I came down to dinner fully clothed knowing it excited them to see me undress. I
could hardly wait for dinner to be over but finally Alex got up and put a CD in
the player and music with a heavy beat came on. My Uncle said, "Dee, you know
what the music means."

I knew. I got up wearing a blouse with many buttons and a skirt that unbuttoned
to the hem.I began dancing while unbuttoning the blouse grinning at the "Go
Go's" They clapped when I dropped the blouse off my shoulders to fall to the
floor then began unbuttoning the skirt from the hem grinning at the boys groans
and cries to go faster. When it fell I slowly pulled down the panties inch by
inch to make them yell. Then I was nked and I danced soon to follow instructions
to rub my boobs and nipples, then spank myself and then rubbing my tummy and
finally my crotch letting my middle finger slide up and down my slit as I had
done in bed.

I was disappointed when the music stopped after three songs since I was really
getting excited.

My uncle said,"Okay Dee. Get the strap."

It was so strange to get the strap that would sting me. Mom had never had me get
the hairbrush. They all smiled when I got it and came back to them rubbing it on
my tummy.

My uncle said,"Since the strap stings more you will only get three from each of
us in each place." I quickly did some math and knew I would get sixty lashes
which was less than the hand spanks just to my butt. It shouldn't be too bad.

First I was told to lean over to hold on to the edge of the table for butt
spanks. My uncle said,"If you think they should be harder tell us."

He began hitting me and stings began moving all over my butt. It was bearable
though and to my surprise about half way through I moaned,"Harder." Now the
stings were nearly at my limit but after all I deserved them.

Then I was told to open my legs for the thigh spanking. this surprised me since
I assumed it would just be to the back and front of my thighs. Actually thet
would hit the back to make the tip sting my inner thighs and the front to again
sting the tender inner thighs. That hurt so much I did not ask for harder
although I still felt I deserved it.

Then it was my tummy and I was told to stand with my hands on my head. I found
it was not so sensitive so could ask for "Harder."

Then it was my boobies and I was told to put my hands on my waist and try to
touch my elbows together at the back. That was bearable and I was about to say
"Harder" when the third hit across both nipples. That hurt so much I took my
hands off my waist to hold them with tears in my eyes. He said,"Get back into
position." He smiled when I reluctantly did but now I braced myself for the
dreaded third lash.

 When they finished I was crying and they let me caress my poor nipples for
awhile before telling me to put my butt on the armrest of their big couch so my
right leg could be pulled over the back of the couch and my left leg pulled to
the coffee table. It was a good thing I was held since I could never have held
that position on my own. I looked down to see my slit had opened from the splits
I was doing. Again it was the third that was the killer. The first covered the
left side of my slit. the second the right side then the third right into the
slit to make me howl but something weird happened. The more it hurt the more I
thought I deserved it and on the last one I looked at Jimmy defiantly and said 
"Harder!"  Oh God that hurt! The pain seemed to sink in to my guts.

But then it was over and my rubs started. My now sensitive skin made it more
wonderful and although I did not know what it was at the time I had several
orgasms.


It went on like that for the rest of my stay but on the last night I was to get
a special treat.Only Linda was going to hit my pussy only with a little whip
made from leather shoestrings. The whipping alone brought orgasms but when it
was done she put her mouth on my pussy and licked my now super sensitive pussy.
It almost made me crazy but later when I heard lesbians who did such things went
to hell I felt complete guilt.

I never went back. When Mom and Dad went somewhere I told them I would stay with
Grandma. They thought it was strange since there were no kids there to play with
but I just couldn't stand the guilt of enjoying another experience like that.

end part one




                                     DEIDRE PART TWO

I didn't change as I got older. In high school I had a lot of opportunities to
show off. I always wore square cut or vee neck blouses so I could innocently
show most of my now 36 D boobs by simply bending over. I loved dropping my
pencil in classes with men teachers to peek at their staring eyes as they looked
down my blouse or up my skirt when I innocently crossed my legs. Being a
cheerleader was another opportunity. I did a lot of cartwheels to show my
panties. I avoided the tights the other girls wore until a woman teacher
complained. That took a lot of fun out of it.

I was also the girl who got drunk at parties and did strip teases. At first I
got a lot of dates but eventually the word went out that I was a prickteaser and
dates got fewer. I thougt they were ungrateful. They got to see me nearly naked
and that should have been enough but they wanted to touch me.

In college to become a teacher I found opportunities in Spring Break wet t-shirt
contests and the occasional drunken party but I always kept my panties on,

Of course I still teased the teachers(now professors) then one day one of my
professors stopped me on the way out of class to say, "Would you come to my
office after your last class? I would like to talk to you."

I told him I could be there at four dreading the date. I had already been
lectured by a prudish or gay professor about my unladylike behavior and wasn't
looking forward to more.

I arrived on time and he let me in and closed the door behind me. He sat down
behind his desk and said, "I am sure you have noticed me looking at you when you
carelessly crossed your legs and bent over to pick things up from the floor to
give me a look at your ample breasts and skimpy panties."

I was sure he was going to launch a lecture so I said, "Oh I'm sorry. I do get
careless I hope I didn't offend you. I'll be more careful."

"Oh I am not offended. You are quite lovely and I enjoy those flashes but since
you don't seem bashful I have a proposition for you."

"Really? What is that."

I am an amateur photographer but on my salary I can't afford models. I couldn't
pay you but I could reward you with good grades."

That appealed to me I barely had a "C" average and some good grades woud help. I
said, "Do you mean like glamour shots, I don't have many fancy clothes."

"No. You seem to have a nice body. I am thinking of nudes."

"Oh wouldn't panties and bra be enough. They don't hide much. I would feel
guilty about being nude. My Mom spanked me for running around nude when I was
little."

He grinned and said,"I bet your bottom was lovely even then but these pictures
are for my own personal collection and they must be nude. Sorry this didn't work
out."

I saw my good grades slipping away but I meant what I said about the guilt. I
hadn't been nude since my experience with my uncle and had decided that had only
been okay since I was punished for it. I stammered, "MMaybe we could work it
out. I wouldn't feel guilty if I was punished afterwards."

"Really. Like maybe ten swats with my fraternity paddle or a cane?"

"No they would bruise me and I have to sit all day. I was thinking anout your
belt."

"This little thing? You would just get a light sting. Hardly enough to rid you
of guilt."

"I know but you could hit me a lot more times than ten and in more sensitive
places than my buns."

"Yes that may work. Which more sensitive places?"

I gulped and said,"Like my inner thighs."

"And?"

"My tummy."

"And?"

"Oh you are mean. My breasts?"

"Yes. And?"

"You don't mean my crotch?"

"Exactly. We are going for sensitive places which is the only way you can
assuage your guilt."

"Oh God. Then my crotch too."

"Good. Let me take you to dinner and I will tell you about my album."

He took me to dinner at a very nice restaurant and as we sipped an after dinner
drink he said, "My photography involves B&D so the spanking will fit right in."

I said puzzled, "What is B&D."

"It is Bondage and Domination. For some of the poses you will be tied."

"Oh, that is scary. Does it hurt?"

"Only psychologically. As you say it can be scary."

"Oh I guess that would be all right. I like scary things like horror movies and
riding roller coasters."

"Yes you can think of yourself as the star in a horror film."

That appealed to me. I hadn't been a star since my cheerleading days.

I nodded and he said,"Since it is friday and neither of us has an early class we
can start tonight."

"Oh so soon? I guess we should before I lose my nerve."

We drove to his house which was all by itself out in the country. He said the
thirty minute commute was worth it since it cost so much less than close to
campus.

I had the uneasy thought that I could scream my guts out and no-one could hear
me.

As soon as we were in he went to a desk and took out a paper he told me to sign.
It seemed straight forward saying I agreed to pose for a fee and that as he said
the photos were for his personal use. It didn't dawn on me that his personal use
could include sharing them or that this was page three and I hadn't seen one or
two.

Then he said he knew other professors that may make a deal on grades. I told him
that just him seeing me naked was about all I could stand.

I suddenly realised that I would soon be naked and tied up. I said nervously,
"What is my penalty for getting naked?"

"Let's make the penalty fit the crime. Five swats for each article you remove."

That didn't sound too bad. I was just wearing a blouse,skirt,bra and panties.
Twenty swats with a belt skinnier than my uncles strap.

I removed my blouse quickly too nervous to tease to hear "One," He took it from
me to put it in a closet. then I took off the skirt to "Two" my bra brought
"Three" and my skirt "Four".

I stood there nervously blushing and fighting the urge to cover myself with my
arms and hands. 

He said."Take off a shoe." I thought, Damn I should have taken them off first.
Now I had to kneel all naked. I tok one off for "Five. then the other for "Six"
then a sock for "Seven" and the other sock for "Eight."

I cringed. My penalty had doubled. I hated just standing there naked with him
staring while he was fully dressed and said, "Should we go to your studio for
the pictures?

"Not yet. Take off your wrist watch."

When I took it off he said, "Nine." I whined, "That isn't fair. A watch is not
clothing."

"I didn't say clothing.Just articles. Take off the charm bracelet."

I did and cringed at the "Ten" I didn't think I had been hit fifty times before.

He said,"The necklace." that made "Eleven."

"Left earring. Twelve."

"Right earring. Thirteen."

"Ankle bracelet. Fourteen."

"Comb in your hair." I had forgotten I had worn my hair up. there were two combs
to bring the total to sixteen. Eighty lashes were enough to cover every inch of
my butt, my thighs, my tummy, my breasts and I shuddered as I thought my crotch.

He said, There will be three sessions. One to raise your grade from a D to a C
another to raise from C to B and the last from a B to A.

I panicked. "Wait. You didn't say anything about three sessions. I just thought
it would be one."

"I guess you should have asked."

"That is too much. Give me my clothes I am leaving."

"Not yet. I think you should read the contract you signed."

He gave me three pages he said were copies of the one I signed in case I shoud
try to destroy it.

There was a lot of legalese I didn't understand but the salient points were that
I had always wanted to be a love slave and Mr. Richards had agreed to train me.
It said I knew there would be considerable pain and humiliation during the
training but I welcomed that to realize my dream. The killer was on the second
page. It said Mr. Richards had loaned me five thousand dollars to pay off a
gambling debt that would be paid off by my successful completion of training. If
I decided to quit the loan was due and payable within thirty days.

I began to cry blubbering, "You didn't give me five thousand dollars."

Maybe not but the loan sharks don't keep records and I have a cancelled check
for that amount to provide you the cash." 

"I can't pay you five thousand dollars."

"Yes you can. You can get a student loan."

"But I need that to finish my education."

"Then I guess you will have to complete your training."

"Oh God. I am so trapped."

Yes you are. Now I will put this collar and leash on you since that is what love
slaves wear."

while I cried he put a leather collar around my neck and locked it with a little
padlock then attached a leash to it.

He told me to get on my hands and knees since beginning slaves don't have the
privilege of walking upright.

When I was on my hands and knees he began leading me by the leash. I had never
felt so humiliated.With that simple command he made me feel like I was just a
big pet dog.

He led me around then suddenly I felt a sharp pain when the end of the leash
went into my asscrack. He said, "Crawl with your legs open. I want to see your
sluttish cunt move."

That made me feel even more humiliated. I continued to cry hating myself for
getting in this situation just to avoid some hard studying. I began to believe I
deserved all the pain and humiliation he may give me.

He led me to a door then downstairs to a full basement. It was the most
frightening thing I had ever seen since pictures of dungeons in a history
course. I recognized a rack, a pillory, and an X shaped thing I remembered
seeing some poor man tied to while an executioner broke his bones with iron
rods. There was a doghouse in the corner and there were ropes and chains
everywhere.
leading to winches on the wall. Worst of all was what I recognised as a forge
with iron bars in it.

I cried,"Oh God. Are you going to burn me?" I cred for hours when some bacon
grease spattered on my hand. The idea of red hot irons touching me made me sick.

He grinned and said, "No that is just for effect. In some pictures there will be
a man holding a red hot iron next to you but you won't be touched. I will let
you in on a little secret. My salary as a professor is chump change. I make my
money by selling pictures on the internet and to a select clientele. The good
news for you is that with your great body I will make a mint off you so I won't
scar you. I have become a great makeup artist. I can make you look like you are
bleeding from cuts or a whip, give you blisters from red hot irons, and thanks
to some magic equipment make it look as if you have big skewers through your
tits or pussy."

"Unfortunately for you I have never been able to fake red marks or welts so you
can expect a lot of that."

I cringed and said,"God. Who would want pictures like that?"

"Thousands of people honey. Now lets get to work."

He flipped a switch and suddenly the room was brightly lit. I liked that better
than the gloomy lights that had been on to make the place so forbidding.

I have a request for self torture. The girl, you, will beg her master to let her
put clothespins on her breasts and nipples. You will make a full circle outside
the nipples with one on each nipple."

He got a box of clothespins and said, "Here try one."

I opened it noting the strong spring and let the jaws down on as little skin as
possible. When I let go of it there was a sharp pain and I yelled "Ow!" and took
it off. He grinned and said I forgot to tell you how to do it. You get as much
skin as possible into the jaws and it won't hurt bad except for the nipples. Try
it again."

"No. It hurts too much!"

"No. You will never say no to me again."

He grabbed my leash and stuck it through a ring in the floor to drag my face
down to the floor. Then he got a cane and began beating my poor ass. I cried,
"Stop! I'll do it."

"Too late any No gets a minimum twenty spanks."

It hurt awful and I squirmed around but the cane was relentless. When he stopped
my poor butt was burning and throbbing I was sure it must be bleeding.

"Okay Remember No,s get extra punishment and I can hit harder than that. I can
also put pepper sauce on the welts so you will be sure you are on fire."

He let me calm down then gave me the script if you coud call it that. I was to
crawl to him and lick his boots then look up at him and say, "May I put
clothespins on my slutty tits for you Master."

God licking his boots was humiliation I had never imagined. Simple as my lines
were I had to do them three times before he decided I sounded sincere enough.

Then I knelt and picked up the first clothespin clenching my teeth at the
expected pain. To my amazement he was right.By gathering all the skin possible
in the jaws it didn't hurt bad at all. He had to stop the camera to tell me to
gasp as each one closed so people would not know it wsn't so bad. I used ten on
each breast to make the circle then put one on my nipple. He was right again.
Even with the jaw full it hurt so bad I made a genuine gasp. He said,"It hurts
doesn't it darlin."

I groaned"Yes!" 

"Okay put on the other one."

It took all my nerve to put it on but I knew better than say "No".

I gasped again while he smiled. Later he said I had the perfect look of agony."

then according to script I rubbed my tits moving the pins careful not to touch
the ones on my nipples.

He turned off the camera and said, "Now you may take off the pins. You will find
it hurts more taking them off than putting them on when the blood returns so
your gasps should be genuine. When they are off you will crawl to me and say,
"Thank you Master. May I suck your lovely cock to thank you?"

I said,"I have never done that. I may throw up."

"Are you saying No?"

"I'll do it but it may make me sick."

"If it does you will do it over and over until you are used to it."

I remembered in high school when a girl said her boyfriend wanted her to do
that. We both gagged at the thought and vowed we never would but now I was going
to beg for the privilege.

I began taking off the pins gasping at the sharp pain but tears gushed when I
decided to pull both pins from my nipples at once.

I crawled to him and after two tries made my speech sound convincing then
unzipped his pants. He wasn't wearing undershorts and his dick popped out. I
remembered my hand jobs and rubbed it as I sucked but I found older men were not
like highschool boys who came in seconds. It seemed like forever until he
suddenly grabbed my hair to jerk my head back to shoot his sperm all over my
face.It was awful. I couldn't imagine anyone wanting to humiliate a girl lke
that. Then to add insult to injury he scraped it off my face with his finger to
feed it to me. Fortunately it didn't taste bad but the texture was like snot.

He ran the tape to see if I would have to do it over. I didn't want to watch it
but I did out of morbid curiosity. I felt a little sick knowing thousands of
people would see me humiliating my self like that. I wondered if anyone would
realize I was being forced to do it. Thankfully he thought it would be fine with
a little editing.

Then he said, "Now we will do the doghouse bit. I can hardly believe my client
will pay five hundred for a copy of this. It has been done to death.

I expected more humiliation and said, " Am I going to have to get in the dog
house and act like a dog?"

"You should be so lucky. No you are going to straddle the roof and see how long
you can grip it with your thighs to keep your pussy off the sharp ridge."

"Oh but those are asphalt shingles with rough sand on them. It will hurt my
inner thighs to clench them on it."

"It will hurt them a lot less than your pussy so you better grip as hard as you
can."

"How long do I have to be there?"

"I guess that depends on you. Now lets get these ankle cuffs on you."

I was glad to have them thinking they may help me hold myself up.

When they were on he took some soft rope and pulled my arms behind me and bound
them from wrists to elbows making me push out my chest.

Then he led me over to the dog house and turned on the camera to show him
putting a strap around me just below my boobs. He hooked the strap to a rope and
went to the wall to start a winch which tightened the strap then began lifting
me but the strap slid up forcing my boobs up to my chin. when I was above the
house he pushed me back then lowered the winch. I gripped the roof with my legs
but my weight pulled me down scratching my legs until I could get a grip with my
thighs and hold my pussy above the ridge a few inches.

I have strong thighs so I could hold myself up fairly easily with just the
discomfort of the sand digging in to my tender inner thighs. He set a timer and
when it buzzed in a minute he brought over two five pound weights and hooked
them on my ankle cuffs. My weight plus the ten pounds made me grip tighter and I
knew my muscles would weaken soon. The buzzer went off again and he added ten
more pounds. Now I was beginning to sweat from the effort to stay up. the buzzer
went off again and when he added the weight I slipped a bit gripping desperately
to keep my pussy off that sharp edge. My legs began to shake from the strain and
when the buzzer went off that ten pounds made me slip until my lips were
touching the granules. I really tried but my thigh muscles couldn't take anymore
and I slipped down until the sharp edge separated my pussy lips. At the next
buzzer I just sobbed and when the weight was on I gave up and let the ridge dig
into my tender inner lips. Then something happened I had not expected. My
overwrought thigh muscles began tremoring and that made my pussy rub on the
granules. It was rubbing me raw and I began to bawl in pain.

He said,"Ready to get off?"

I practically howled,"Yes!"

"Okay. You did good. It took fifty pounds so you get fifty spanks."

He picked up a wide strap and began spanking my ass and my tummy one then the
other. I tried to stay still but the impacts made me move to rip my pussy."

I passed out from the terrible pain before it was over.

I woke up on the rack with my legs pulled wide open. My pussy was burning and
throbbing and I whined, "Is my pussy ruined."

"Naw it is just raw. It looks like you may have worn away a little of the hood
of your clit but that will just make it more sensitive. It is bleeding a bit but
I have styptic powder to stop that."

I had never experienced styptic powder although I knew my Dad used it to heal
razor nicks.

He took off the lid and just dumped it in my pussy. I screamed and bucked.It
could not have hurt more if he had poured flaming gasoline on it. it burned for
what seemed like forever but he said it was only a minute or two.

He said, "I thought I may have to put you back up there for the last twenty
spanks but I watched the tape and the faint is great. They will know it is real
because you fell forward to mash your tits on the roof and didn't make a sound.
I think this is the ultimate in doghouse vids. It should sell like crazy.

He was happy enough to take me upstairs for a cool bath and a couple of stiff
drinks that helped a lot. I was awkward since I had to walk with my legs open. 
  
He gently washed my red tummy and said, "That was wild.Huh."

I said,"I didn't know such pain existed. I thought I would die."

"Yeah. You are different than the other girls. Usually endomorphins kick in and
they begin to like the pain. Actually that ruins the shoot. My customers don't
want the girl to like it."

"Actually I think that happened to me once when I was only six or seven."

"Really? Tell me about it."

"It is too embarrassing."

"What can be more embarrassing than crawling to me and sucking my cock for the
first time. Tell me."

I blushed but told him about my Uncle.

When I finished he said, "Wow. I would love to find a six year old girl that
would do that. It would be worth a fortune. I think I know why it got good for
you. It was a real long session. I know this seemed to last forever but actually
it was only a few minutes of pain. I have a customer who likes to see girls get
off on pain. If he contacts me I will see that you get off."

"Oh I don't want to. I never went back to my Uncle and have felt guilty ever
since."

"You may never have to. I only have a few customers who want the girl to get off
and I haven't heard from them for months.

"How are you feeling?"

"Much better thanks. The cool bath and drinks helped."

"Good. How about one more assignment then you can have a week off."

"I am pretty sore. What is it?"

"Get out of the tub and I'll dry you off and show you."

I got out and it was nice to be gently dried like my Mom did when I was little.

We went down to the basement I knew he was happy with me because he let me walk
upright rather than crawling.

When we got there he got a whip he called a flogger. He gave it to me and I felt
it noticing the soft leather was not nearly as stiff as my uncles strap.

He said,"Soft isn't it. It will turn you red and make small welts but nothing
like a real whip. Some of the commercial vudeo people use a soft plastic thing
that barely makes a girl red even if they whip for an hour. I think that is a
rip off. My customers would never go for it but this will just sting you a
little and the pain will go away a few minutes after I quit. You may like it. I
hope not."

"If I do this I get a week off?"

"Yeah but don't expect it everytime."


"Okay. Am I tied for it or what."

"No my customer wants you to take it untied. You will just put your hands on
your head and leave them there."

"Is it on my butt?"

"No on your front. From the top of your tits to mid-thigh."

"Oh I don't know if I can hold my hands up there."

"You will. In the video I tell you if you take down your hands I will tie you
and use the cane. You don't want to be hit on your tits with the cane do you?"

"No I will keep them up there if it kills me."

"Good girl. You don't have much dialogue. Just agree with me with either Uhhuh
or yes."

"Okay."

He set up his cameras to get shots from different angles. He said that was
another trick. He could edit the tapes to make it seem to last a lot longer.


He said,"I will take off my shirt to just wear leather pants. It is kind of
traditional. There are some dresses I got from Goodwill in the closet. Find one
that fits you and put it on so I can rip it off you."

He put on the leather pants and I noticed his dick was hard so this scene must
excite him. I noticed small cuts in the dress to make it rip off easily.

I had been naked so long it seemed kind of strange to be dressed.

He placed me in position and turned on the cameras. Then he came to me and
said,"You have been a very naughty girl haven't you?'

I said, "Uhhuh" and for some reason blushed.

"You know you deserve punishment don't you."

"Yes Sir.

"You know this is going to hurt very much but you want it don't you?"

I embellished my dialogue by saying, "Yes. I deserve it." Strangely I actually
thought I did.

"I am going to rip off your dress because you will stay naked in case I want to
whip you more."

He came to me and ripped it off by grabbing the front and back of the neck and
ripped both ways to instantly bare me which made me gasp.

You will put your hands on your head and keep them there while I whip you from
tits to thighs. You will keep your hands up there to show that you are willing
to suffer for me. If you take them down I will know you are unwilling and will
hang you up and use the cane. Do you understand."

I said."Yes" trembling from fear,excitement or something.

"I will start at your navel and work up and down from there so you can brace
yourself for your more tender breasts and pussy. Now open your legs so I can get
to those tender inner thighs."

I opened them  when it suddenly occurred to me he had not told me how many
lashes I would have to accept and for some reason I wanted to know. He was
surprised when I said, "Yes Master. How many lashes will I get?"

He hesitated since that was not in the script then said,"I don't know. Whatever
it takes to make your entire front red and welted. Now put your hands on your
head."

I did grabbing my hair to help me keep them there and braced myself.

He got behind me so the cameras would not be blocked by his body.

The flogger came across my stomach and he had lied. It stung a lot more than a
little but I was able to take it with just a gasp.

He went up and down little by little to get every inch of me stinging. I felt
the stings crawling up and down  then I gasped louder as the lash hit the bottom
of my breasts followed swiftly by a sting on my pubic mound.

The lash came around to sting my nipples a lot to make me squeal then across my
pussy lips to cause another squeal.

I looked down just in time to see the lash compress my breasts and make them
jump. Somehow I felt like a witness watching a girl get hit while knowing how it
felt. The next lash hit the lower part of my pussy and I felt the lips being
jerked open

there was another on my nipples and all the stings seemed to join each other.
then another that pnched my pussy lip against my thigh. Suddenly I began feeling
the excitement I had at my Uncle's only more so.I began to watch the whip hit me
and wished I was standing in front of a mirror.

One on my lower breasts was followed by one that came up between my legs I felt
a thong go inside my slit to sting my sensitive clit making me squeal but not so
much in pain as in excitement as I felt a feeling almost like an electric shock
go deep into my womb.

He began to concentrate on my inner thighs making me dance a little but I
remembered to keep my legs open and when another came up from the floor to shock
my pussy I opened them more.

Excitement continued to increase and then there were orgasms. Each stronger than
the other. Then he stepped in front of me and said,"Your tits are so big I can't
redden your cleavage. Grab them by the nipples and hold them apart."

I grabbed my nipples and pinched them hard to pull my tits open enjoying the
additional pain I caused. I continued to gasp and shudder as orgasms ripped
through me. He stopped and looked at me pinching and jerking on my nipples. Then
said, "You are red enough but you deserve more don't you."

I moaned,"Yes Master. More."

"Good. Pinch your pussy lips and hold them open for me."

I grabbed them and opened my legs more to pull them as tight as they would go to
my thighs. he began swinging the whip into my gaping pussy whele I watched.
Tthen a monster orgasm hit that made me weak. I fell to my knees and
moaned,"Thank you Master."

He said, You know how to thank me."

I knew all right. I reached up to unzip his pants to pull out his cock. I jammed
it in my mouth greedily but I wanted more and pushed deeper making me gag until
it finally slipped into my throat and my nose was in his pubic hair as I sucked
and swallowed not minding my need for air. I heard him moan then his cock was
jumping in my mouth. I backed off wanting to taste his cum then looked up at him
to smile as I licked my lips. He looked like he had been shot by a gun. then he
too was on his knees to hug and kiss me.

When we calmed down he said,"I knew you were having orgasms but pain and orgasms
look a lot alike so the film should be fine. I will have to edit out the kissing
and hugging. Masters don't do that. They just allow their slaves to kiss them on
occasion.

We watched the tape and I was amazed I had been able to stand still as red line
and welts appeared on my body. I hadn't noticed how it had jerked my tits and
was surprised that my nipples had hardened when hit. I said, "I was very brave.
Wasn't I?"

Yes darlin. Very brave. I plan to show you off to my friends on Friday. Now get
dressed so I can take you home."

"Oh can't I stay here. I want to be with you."

"No I am way past deadline on these videos. I will be up all night editing."

I moaned but got my clothes. I found my breasts had swollen so the bra wa too
tight and left it off. That brought new sensations as my super sensitive nipples
rubbed on my blouse. Mr Richards laughed when he saw me waggling my shoulders to
make them rub and said,"My you are a sensual thing aren't you."

I smiled and said,"I am now thanks to you."

I fully intended to masturbate when I got home but I was so exhausted by the
experience I just fell into bed and slept till noon.

end part 2




                             Deidre3

I was still a little sore Monday but most importantly teasing had brought so
much punishment I had no desire to do it again. I put on a skirt that went to my
knees and a blouse that buttoned to my neck. I also wore a standard cotton bra
and cotton panties.

When I went to his class and sat in my chair that was at his eye level to my
knees he looked at my legs clenched together and frowned. I knew what he wanted
so I reluctantly opened my legs. He frowned again and soon lost interest so I
closed my legs and relaxed.

After class he waved me down to his podium and gave me a note. It said

        "You purposely displeased me by hiding yourself.
         To make up for it tomorrow you will wear a
         short skirt, a blouse unbuttoned to the base of
         your breasts with no panties or bra.In addition
         you will shave your crotch so your hair will
         hide nothing. If you don't your punishment
         Friday will be severe."

My day was shot. I knew I would be more obscenely exposed than ever before and
worse the boys on each side of me would be able to see my breasts. In spite of
that I knew I had to do it rather than get "Severe" punishment.

That night I took a bth then trimmed my pubic hair as close as I could with a
scissors then shaved off the stubble.It was wild my pussy had never felt so soft
and seemed more sensitive. I could feel a breeze on it.I went to a full legth
mirror to see I was incredibly naked. I had not realized how well the hair had
hidden my pussy. Now you could see the slightly puffy lips with the tight slit
that opened slightly when I opened my legs. I got a chair and opened my legs as
I had done in class and saw my slit open enough to show the pink inner lips.

I put on a blouse and left it unbuttoned to the base of my cleavage. I hated my
big boobs that opened my blouse and as I feared when I turned sideways to the
mirror and bent over a little the blouse loosened to show nearly all of my
breasts to anyone sitting beside me. 

I put on the skirt and saw that it shadowed my pussy a little in my overhead
light but I knew the brightly lit classroom would not be as kind.

I dreaded humiliating myself the next day but strangely when I went to bed I
couldn't resist touching my now bare and smooth pussy which led to more fondling
until i had an orgasm and went to sleep.

I was reminded all day that I would soon be obscenely displayed from breezes
that went under my skirt.I kept he blouse buttoned until just before his class
when I went to the bathroom to unbutton it. I waited until the last minute and
went in hoping the class would be looking at him rather than me.

It didn't work that way being nearly late everyone looked at me and then to my
horror I found walking down the steep seps to my chair made my breasts swing to
nearly expose the nipples. I blushed as I heard whispers and when I sat down the
boys on each side of me stared to make me blush which seemed to delight them.

When I was seated he looked at my legs so I opened them blushing at the display
I would be making. I kept them open for the endless fifty minute hour then he
did something truly rotten.

Just before the end of he class he called me down to his podium and told me to
hand out tomorrows assignment. It was awful. My damn boobs swung and I had to
lean over at each row to hand out the papers which really bared me.I didn't know
what was worse the guys smiles and stares or the girls sneers at my sluttish
costume.

When I took the leftover paper to him he handed me a box. After class I went to
the bathroom and buttoned the blouse to my neck.when I went out to the hall a
boy was standing there and said,"You are all buttoned up. You must be trying to
get points from the Prof. That's ok at least I can see you during class."

I blushed and hurried off. Another boy stopped me to ask me out on a date but I
knew he would just try to molest me so I refused.

At home the box laid on my bed to bedtime since I was afraid to open it to see
what nasty thing it may contain.I finally opened it to see a blouse and a note
that said I could button this all the way.

I took it out to see a light pink blouse that was so thin I could see through
both layers. I put it on to see I would be nearly naked. Only two tiny pockets
hiding my nipples would keep it legal enough to avoid arrest.

I immediately saw the horror of it. Now I would not just be exposed to my class
but to the whole school as I went from class to class and lunch.

In the morning I put on the blouse and a short skirt. It was worse than I had
feared. All my short skirts were hiphuggers so I was exposed to my pubic bone in
front and my kidney dimples at the back.Even though I knew some girls wore
halters and low cut jeans they didn't seem as naked as me. I just couldn't stand
the lustfull stares of the boys and the sneers of the girls.I decided to cut my
classes and went back to bed. I stayed there until afternoon then realized I
could not cut his class but I had an idea.I put a sweater on over the blouse in
spite of the warm day planning to remove it just before I went into his class.

I had to walk fast to get there in time and I was panting by the time I got to
the second floor class where I rushed into the bathroom to remove the sweater.

To my dismay the rush had caused me to perspire and now the already thin blouse
stuck to me and seemed even more transparent not unlike girls in a wet t-shirt
contest.

The second bell rang and I had to go in. I blushed to my toes when some boys
applauded and made it worse by rushing down the steps to my seat which caused my
breasts to jump and sway bringing more applause. I sat down to see him frowning
and opened my legs for him knowing that would let my slit open slightly. My only
consolation was that his frown went away.

I could hardly believe his control. He droned on with his lecture as if nothing
was happening but about twenty minutes later he said,"That is enough for today.
Class dismissed except for you Deidre. I want to talk to you."

I blushed as I went to him since both boys and girls were laughing.He began
walking to a door at the back of the stage and I followed him. As soon as we
were inside the little office he said harshly."Strip!"

I took off my clothes embarrassed because my nipples were hard.He told me to get
up on his desk and lie back. I did and he jerked my legs open and began feeling
my bald pussy. In spite of my fear it felt good and I was sure I was getting
wet.

He said,"You did a pretty good job of shaving but you missed a few hairs. I will
get them."

I knew what he was talking about I had been afraid to shave the ones really
close to the slit because I was afraid I would be cut.

He took an eyebrow plucker out of his pocket and began pulling the hairs. He
didn't just jerk tem out as I did my eyebrows. He would slowly pull on them
stretching the lip obscenely and making me whimper from the increasing pain
until the hair finally pulled out.

When he was finally done tears were rolling down my cheeks to spash on my
breasts.

He said,"I am angry with you. I told Dr. Blake in your English class and Dr
Sanders in your Math class that they could expect a treat when you arrived. They
called me to say you had cut their classes."

I was amazed. Both of them were old and seemingly straitlaced. I whimpered,"I am
sorry but I just couldn't run around campus all day in that blouse to have
people stare at me and think I was a slut."

"That was the idea but since you want to be covered I went home at noon and made
some alterations to my old school sweater. since it is too large for you now you
can be fully covered and look frumpy.Try it on."

I got off the desk and took it from him. It was a typical stiff wool letterman's
sweater that was buttoned down the front.

I put it on noting the bottom went to mid thigh and that the stff wool would be
irritating but when I pulled it closed I felt needles sticking my breasts. I
jerked it back open and saw he had glued metal pot scrubbing pads covering every
inch of my breasts.

I sobbed,"I can't wear this.It will make me raw!"

"That is the idea.It should make you very sensitive because tomorrow after their
classes you will meet with Blake and Sanders to apologise to them for cheating
them. Then you will take off the sweater and ask them to give you five spanks on
each breast and five spanks on each butt cheek with this."

He held up a leather strap about eighteen inches long and two inches wide
attached to a gold chain. He slipped the chain over my head to let the strap
dangle between my cleavage. 

When he said butt cheek I noticed I was feeling prickling sensations on my ass.
I pulled the sweater out to see the back was also covered with the pads.

I said alarmed,"Oh God I will have to sit on them.They will dig in awfully!"

"Yes. I hope this lesson will teach you to never disobey me again.When you have
done this as a reward you may wear anything you want Friday.Now button it up."

I did starting at the bottom noting that thankfully it was lose enough to just
give small prickling sensations to my butt.My damn big boobs pressed against the
pads making me gasp at the hundreds of pin pricks.

I moaned,"Oh God this will make me raw and bleeding."

"No. I have done this before. You will be red and scratched but not bleeding.
You will find they will be very sensitive for the strap."

I stood there quietly sobbing at the thought of the strap.

"You aren't getting the full effect.Walk around a bit."

I did and found every step brought new prickling sensations especially to my
stupid nipples which had hardened to push on the pads.He had me walk around for
about five minutes then held his palms out at my breast level and said,"Come to
me and press your tits into my palms."

I went to him and tentively pressed them into his hands gasping as needles dug
in but he was not satisfied until I was pressing so hard my boobs were flattened
against my ribcage to bring tears.

He had me take off the sweater so he could inspect the effect. I was more than
glad to get it off me.

He took a hand mirror out of the desk to show me that in spite of the pain I
only had scratches and redness as he had said.

He took pictures of my red boobs and butt and said if you plan to cheat by
wearing a bra or panties under the sweater I am giving copies of these pictures
to Sanders and Blake.If your breasts and butt is not at least this red they will
give you twenty spanks rather than five."

I sobbed,"I won't cheat. I promise!"

"Good. After my class tomorrow you may choose to wear the sweater or the blouse
and skirt you wore today."

I was sure I would go for the blouse.By then I would probably be willing to go
home naked rather than wear the sweater."

I put the sweater back on and walked home in the shortest way possible. I took
it off to see just that walk was enough to really make me red and sensitive.

Then crazily I decided I may as well know what it would feel like to sit on the
pads. I put it back on and pulled out a wooden chair and sat down gingerly.Thr
pricking returned and increased dramatically as my full weight pressed on them.
to my amazement the sensation excited me and I began to squirm on them. This
excited me so much I reached under the sweater to rub my pussy and clit while
squirming until I had a powerful orgasm.

Strangely I got a lot of satisfaction from the fact I had turned his torture
into a satisfying climax. In spite of that my butt was sore so I rubbed cream on
it and stayed nude until bedtime. Now I had mixed feelings about tomorrows
ordeal. I knew it would hurt but it could give me a powerful orgasm.

END PART THREE




                  DEIDRE 4

The next morning I showered and inspected my body. Amazingly nearly all the
scratches and red were gone and I realized it would be obvious if I wore panties
and bra until the last minute.

I put on the sweater noting that with it's weight I would not have to worry
about the wind blowing it up as I had the skirt. I walked to Dr. Sanders class
feeling the prickling sensations increase as I became more sensitive but
perversely I trotted up the steps to his class feeling the prickling sensation
strongly on my nipples as my boobs bobbed.

Evidentally Dr. Sanders had been told about the pads because he smiled as he saw
me squirming in my chair. No doubt he assumed I was vanly trying to find some
comfort but actually I was exciting myself to help me withstand the whipping I
was constantly reminded of by the strap dangling between my breasts.

Finally class was over. I waited until nearly everyone left then went down the
steps to meet him at the podium.

He just smiled and headed to the door at the back of the stage. I followed
dutifully.

When inside I said,"I am sorry I cheated you yesterday."and took off the
sweater. He looked at myhard nipples from the cnstant stimulation and said,"Is
there something else you would like to say?"

I gulped and said, "Yes as punishment will you please give me five spanks to
each buttcheek and five to each breast?"

"We will see. I understand it could be twenty."

He took pictures from his pocket and compared them to my breasts and butt then
said disappointely, "Well you didn't cheat. If anything you are redder than the
pictures."

He told me to open my legs and when I did he cupped my pussy in his palm to make
me gasp then rubbed it as he said,"I love shaved pussies. They are so soft and
smooth and vulnerable."

I just groaned as he continued to rub now letting his middle finger caress my
clit to send little shocks through my body and make me tremble.

"You are wonderfully responsive. You are already wet in spite of the fact I will
cause you pain.I am surprised that Don did not devise a way to punish your
slutty pussy. After all that is what you cheated me of seeing."

I don't know what came over me but I panted, "You can give it five spanks if
that will make you forgive me."

"It will but first I want to punish those inflamed nipples which are sticking
out as if begging for the strap."

I looked down and he was right.I had never seen them so extended before.

"Don said you had promised to be obedient so I see no need to restrain you.You
will put your hands under your breasts and squeeze them to make them tight.If at
anytime you release them or try to spoil my aim or make any noise louder than
the gasp you will not be able to control I will wrap them in twine until they
are rock hard then give them twenty spanks. Do you understand?"

"Yes sir. This will hurt a lot. Won't it?"

"Yes I will give you a moment between spanks to recover."

I squeezed them until they were hard enough to satisfy him then the strap hit my
right nipple with a "Snap!" that hurt terribly and caused me to gasp loudly.He
pinched and pulled my poor nipple then hit my left one again to pinch as I
blubbered."Oh please. Will all of them hit my nipple?"

"Yes. They are most sensitive. The rest of your breasts are just skin."

He continued to hit them. The pain just made me grip my tits tighter to extend
the nipples for more.

Finally he finished and said, "You can rub them now."

I caressed my poor stinging and burning nipples as I watched him spread out the
sweater with the Chore boy pads up  from the corner of the desk to the center.
He had me open my legs to straddle the corner then lie down putting my nipples
on the pads that had been on my butt and my pussy on the two pads now scrunched
togetther to make them higher and press harder.

I moaned, "When you hit me I won't be able to avoid squirming which will torture
my poor nipples and pussy."

"Yes. Exactly. Hopefully your pussy will be tenderized for it's spanking."

He reached between my legs to fold the sweater and pads to press tighter against
my pussy then slid me forward to force my legs open more and put the whole legth
of my pussy lips on the pads.

He said,"Another test of obedience. You will grip your right buttcheek with your
right hand to hold your buttcrack open.I will hit your left buttcheek so it will
be covered and the tip will enter the crack."

I moaned as I gripped my buttcheek, "I have never been hit there."

"You will find it interesting."

Interesting was not the right word. Torture was. the tip often hit my anus which
made me squirm to rip my nipples and pussy against the pads.strangely by the
time I was holding my left cheek open the pain had become so overwhelming my
body fought it by making me sexually excited.

When he finished he let me lie there squirming on the pads a moment then said,
"Are you ready for the finale or do you want a rest?"

I was afraid I may lose my excitement so I rolled over and spread my legs saying
excitedly, "Do it Do it!"

"Fine. Hold the lips open."

I hooked my thumbs in my lips and pulled them to my wide open thighs.

I swear if I had not been crazed by excitement I would have fainted when the
strap came down into my open slit but at my level of excitement I just went from
one powerful orgasm to another. When he stopped I just went limp with tremors
running through me as I panted covered with perspiration and my juices.

He let me lie there until my breathing was nearly normal then said,"I have never
had a girl react like that before. Either you were in horrendous pain or were
having orgasms.Which was it?"

I did not want to admit I was so perverse so I lied and whimpered,"The pain. I
have never hurt so much before."

He actually looked sympatetic and said,"In that case I am sorry. Next time I
won't be so brutal."

I moaned,"There won't be a next time. I will never disobey again."

He sighed and said, "I hope you are wrong."

I had forty-five minutes befor Dr Blakes class so I went out and laid on the
lawn on my side the only place that didn't hurt.I could not believe my reaction.
I vowed to go to the pschiatric library and see if I could get an explanation.

Dr.Blake turned out to be a pussycat. Either Dr Sanders had told him of my
ordeal or my welted and scratched body made him sympathetic. He just had me
stand with my arms on my head and lightly spanked every inch of my boobs and
butt avoiding my nipples. when he finished he coughed then said,"Dr.Sanders said
you let him spank your vagina. May I?"

He hadn't really hurt me so I said,"I can't stop you if you want to."

Even that was not bad. He had me open my legs a little then brought the strap up
from the floor to hit my pussy but only hard enough to excite me.

I had an hour before Dr. Schmidt's (aka Don's) class so I went to the library. I
asked the librarian if she knew of any bokks on people withstanding pain. she
directed me to a section dealing with masochism.I picked up the biggest book and
since I was really sore took it to the girl's room where I could take off the
now really irritating sweater. I sat on the toilet naked and read avidly.I read
about Christian martyrs who said the pain had created the ecstasy of reaching
God and prisoners of war who had learned to accept the pain but no-one who had
become sexually aroused.By then it was time for class so I reluctantly put the
sweater back on, put the book back and went to class.

I was a little early and the boy who had talked to me before said disapointedly,
"You are really covered. I thought that uptight bastard would give you a hard
time about the blouse. Its a shame your beautiful body should never be covered."

"Thank you. No-one ever said I was beautiful before. The blouse was a mistake.
Since I bought it in a regular store I thought it would be alright."

"I guess no-one told you you should wear a bra with it."

I don't own a bra. They are too uncomfortable."

"Oh wow. Now even when you are covered I will know you are naked underneath.
That will feed my fantasies."

The bell rang so I didn't answer and went to my seat.

After class I walked down to Don without being told and waited patiently as he
explained an assignment to some airhead blonde. She finally got it so he led me
to the office.

I took off the sweater and he inspected my red,scratched and welted body. Then
he said, "Since I told you you could wear the blouse and skirt home I won't add
any more welts. In fact we will lessen the redness."

To my delight he had me lie on the desk and massaged some kind of cream on me
until my body was just a healthy looking pink.He spent a lot of time on my
nipples and pussy which felt wonderful.

He said,"You love this don't you baby?"

I sighed,"Oh yes. It feels wonderful but It doesn't seem fair that you don't get
to punish me."

"You forget that you didn't cheat me. Besides I want to save you for tomorrow
night.I understand our guests have an agenda you will remember."

I mpaned,"Oh God I had put friday night out of my mind.What will they do to me?"

"I am not sure but at least part will be a costume fantasy. In that box you will
find a couple of costumes."

I opened the box to see a blue vest, white blouse and blue skirt like I had worn
to Catholic grade school. Down deeper I found a raggedy dress they must have
found at Goodwill.

I said,"They used to spank us in school so this costume must be for spanking but
what is the ragged dress for?"

"You have already ruined one surprise so I won't tell you the other. I will say
both costumes will make a great photo opportunity. Now you can go home."

I know it sounds weird but I felt cheated he had not hurt me. I put on the
blouse and skirt which seemed pure luxury after the sweater and left.

 end part 4




                                          Deidre 5

The boy who had talked to me was sitting on the steps reading. I said "Hi" as I
went by and he jumped up to catch up to me.

"Hey wait up. Can I get your address and phone number?"

"I don't give strange boys my number."

"Well then how about we go to my place for a beer?"

Legal drinking age was 18 and even then no-one checked ID so I said,"Why don't
we go to a tavern?"

He hesitated then said, "That would probably be a bad idea."

I said,"You are ashamed to be seen with me aren't you?"

"No. God no. You are beautiful but the guys at taverns are crude and they may
embarrass you."

I thought it was sweet of him to want to protect me and said."You may be right I
am going to throw away this blouse.just one beer at your place. Okay."

"Sure no problem."

We went to a house and went in. It was vacant and I said "You have a house? I
just have a shitty little apartment."

"Yeah. It was Grandma's house. Dad said I could stay here until I graduated.It
is cheaper than renting an apartment."

We had a couple of beers and made small talk then the alcohol loosened us up.

I said,"I don't blame you for being ashamed to be seen with me."

"Hey I told you I wasn't."

"Yeah but if I was more decently dressed you wouldn't worry about boy's
comments."

"Well maybe but I was just trying to protect you.I love the blouse."

"It's okay. My Dad would give me a good switching if he saw me wearing this but
no-one was paying any attention to me."

"I understand. You say your Dad wold switch you. Even now at your age?"

"Oh sure. He says as long as he supports me he has the right to punish me."

"My folks spanked me and my sister but they stopped at about 12 and changed to
grounding us. I would rather have been spanked because it was over quick and
then we were forgiven."

"I understand that. How did they spank you?"

"Well it depended on the offence. For little things it was Dad's strap on our
clothed behinds. Next level was on my shorts or her panties. Third level was on
the bare behind.On fourth level the legs are opened so the tender inner thighs
can be hit. I was the good kid so never went past level two but my sister hit
level four a bunch of times."

"It must have excited you to see your sister naked and spanked I know the
neighbor boys peeked in our window when they found out Saturday was my
punishment night."

"Yeah I guess I should be ashamed but it really excited me and I hated it when
they stopped spanking her.How did they do your spanking?"

"Like your folks they thought embarrassment was a big part of punishment. There
was a blackboard in the kitchen and any time I did anything wrong I would get a
five spank demerit. first level was with clothes on butt, second level was on
panties, third level naked and included inner thighs and fourth and above I was
hung by my wrists from the chandelier for spanks everwhere.I had to go out in
the yard to cut a willow switch to give them and then take off my clothes
because in a week I would always be at least to third level."

"Wow that must have hurt. Did the switch leave bad welts like a strap?"

Actually it was just red stripes unless I got so many the lines crossed. That
would cause a bad welt. The worst part for me was that if I did anything I would
have to put on a demerit because if I didn't and they found out later it would
be three demerits.I am sure i confessed to a lot of things they would not have
discovered."

"Wow what happened from fourth level up?"

"This is embarrassing. On fourth my tummy was spanked,fifth my boobs and sixth
my vagina. I never got any higher than that."

What level do you think your Dad would do for being in public with that blouse?"

"Probably a sixth. He gave me a sixth for sunbathing topless in our backyard and
no-one could see me. The blouse is almost topless and gobs of people saw me."

Actually it is topless you only have to lean forward like you are now to see the
nipples. Do you feel guilty about it?"

"Yes I have been thinking of confessing when I go home."

"There is an alternative. There is a willow tree in the back yard. I could spank
you hard enough to get rid of your guilt but not as hard as your Dad."

That was exactly what I was looking for but I felt I should make some objection.
"That could make up for not getting to see your sister and I would get rid of my
guilt but we don't have my wrist cuffs or rope."

"No but my Grandma had pantie hose. I could loop the seat around the ceiling fan
and tie your wrists to the feet"

"I wouldn't want to cut my wrists but I guess we could wrap a dish towel around
them for padding."


"Sure. No problem."

"Do you have a big knife or cleaver?"

He said,"Sure" as he rushed to the kitchen coming back in seconds with a
cleaver.

He led me out to the tree where I had to make a decision. If I cut one too small
he may think I don't want to be hurt but too big would scare him. I settled on
one about four feet long. I teased him by slowly stripping off the leaves and
twigs and bark watching a growing lump in his pants. I handed him the switch and
we went into the house.

He said,"My sister had to take off her jeans then walk around in her panties
then take off her blouse to walk around some more showing her little round boobs
then take off her panties to go to the dining room table to hold on to the edge
and spread her legs. Would you do that?"

"I am not wearing panties or bra. Will that ruin it for you?"

"No I probably couldn't stand the suspense any way. Start with your blouse."

I took off the blouse slowly starting with the bottom buttons then when it was
off I began walking around making turns. He told me to shake my boobs and then
pull on the nipples. It was strange I had instigated this yet I found myself
blushing. Then I took off the skirt and at his direction rubbed my pussy before
going to the table. I held on to the edge and leaned over then spread my legs. I
knew my tits hanging down would look bigger than ever and the pose would open my
vagina lips which made me blush again.

He said,"Hold that pose while I get the stuff."

In a moment I looked back to see him drag a chair to the ceiling fan and loop
the pantyhose seat around it. then he came back to me to cup my pussy in his
hand saying, "I love your shaved pussy. You look like my sister at nine. Come
with me."

He got another chair and I stood on it while he wrapped my wrists with a dish
towel then tied the legs over the towel. He got down and moved his chair out of
the way then grabbed my legs to lift me and kick my chair over.then he let me
down. The pantyhose stretched so my toes nearly touched the ground. He said,"I
have to tie your legs open so I can get to the inner thighs." but as he said
that he was looking at my pussy.

he tied one leg of a pair to my ankle then pulled the other leg over to the leg
of a heavy bookcase then the other leg to a cabinet. My legs were pulled widely
open to make me feel very vulnerable.

I said,"I feel really helpless."

"You are but I promise I won't hit hard."

"No you have to hit hard enough to make red lines or it won't be punishment
enough to get rid of my guilt."

"Okay but tell me if it is too hard."

"I will but I am pretty tough after all my spankings."

Then he cupped my pussy again and said,How did he hit here. It looks like your
hips will protect it."

"He aimed so when he hit the top of my thigh the tip would bend over to hit my
pussy. It hurts but I was taught to be courageous and take it with only gasps.
If I yell you must hit it five more times."

"Won't you just yell again?"

"No because if I do you will gag me and hit it ten more times."

"Yeah I know my sister and I had to be quiet too so the neighbors wouldn't
hear."

He stepped back and said,"I have never seen a girl hung up like that.It really
makes you look beautiful. Your boobs are raised and your tummy has shrunk so
much I can see ribs."

"Thank you.I am glad I am beautiful for you."

"I am too. Now let's be sure I have this right. Five times across your butt,
five times across your thighs, five times across the inner thighs, five on yor
tummy, five on your boobs and finally five to your pussy."

"No.You hit the least sensitive places first. It is five on my butt, five on
each thigh, five on my tummy, five on each boob, five to each inner thigh and
five to my pussy."

"Okay are you ready?'

"Yes my shoulders are beginning to hurt let's do it."

He hit me five quick ones to my buttcheeks which did not sting enough to make me
flinch. Then said,"Is that okay."

I said, "It was kind of wussy and like teen boys with sex it was much too fast.
You are supposed to give me enough time to count them."

Maybe I pissed him off because he said all right. I will start over."

He hit my butt much harder to cause a terrific sting and waited for me to say
"One.' The next three  were just as hard but I was determined not to complain
since I had called him a wuss. The fifth was right in the crease between thighs
and butt and there was a catch in my voice when I said "Five."

He looked at me and said,"That one hurt. My sister said that was the most
painful place."

I moaned,"Yes but that is alright. It is supposed to hurt."

he began at midthigh working up until the fifth hit the crease again.It took me
a moment to catch my breath to say "Five."

He grinned at me and said,'Am I still a wuss?"

I moaned,"No' as the pain radiated into me.

The other thigh was the same with four bad ones and one terrible one at the
crease that made me flex and then moan "Five."

He came around to the front of me and rubbed the switch on my tummy."Is this
real sensitive?"

"No as long as you hit from the navel down.Higher and you will hit a rib which
is awful."

he carefully made stripes from my navel to just above my pubic bone I was able
to take them fairly easily although now the different pains seemed to be
converging at my pussy to increase my excitement.

For some reson he began rubbing my breasts with the switch and teased the
nipples with the tip. I was more than ready to feel new pain so I moaned,"Don't
stop. Hit them."

He grinned and said, "I knew it. This is turning you on."

He begsn striping my boobs waiting patiently for my count as I let the pain
radiate. he put two under my nipple on my right breast then two under on the
left then two above the nipples and stopped even though I said ""Eight" twice.

I moaned, "Please." and he cheated by hitting both nipples twice close together
that brought orgasms that made my body convulse.

He stepped back to say, "Oh wow. I have never seen anything like this. Your body
is dripping sweat to make the lines glow and juice is running down your thighs
from your pussy!"

I didn't care what I looked like I just wanted more and strained to push out my
pussy for him. He took the hint and the tip came down to sting and jerk at the
lip. I couldn't count I just made a gurgling sound which he used as a count to
put on the last four. My body continued to convulse in a kind of dance while he
watched.

Then he did the most marvelous thing.He stepped between my legs and began
licking my pussy to bring on new different orgasms.He dropped his pants and
drove his dick into me.He made a face in seconds letting me know he had cum but
his dick stayed hard so he continued to jerk me into him by his hands clutching
my buttcheeks until I got yet different orgasms until he was exhausted and
pulled out to sink to the floor to watch me with a look of amazement on his
face.

As m excitement dwindled I began to get really ucomfortable. My shoulders and
hips hurt form my exertions zand the sweat was causing the lines to burn.

I moaned,"Please let me down."

He said,"Oh sure." and got up not bothering to pull up his pants. he cut my leg
bondage with the cleaver so I could stand on my toes then cut the wrist bondage.
I was too weak to stand so I just hugged him and slid to the floor when I got to
my knees his dick was in front of my face and I guess in gratitude I kissed
it.To my amazement it got instantly hard and he brought down his hand to press
the head against my lips. I opened my mouth and he pushed it in. I wold never
have considered putting a dick in my mouth covered with his cum and my juices
but now it seemed fitting.When he came I drank his sperm and when his now soft
dick fell out of his mouth I licked his balls to get more juices while he moaned
and shivered.

We were both exhausted and fell to the floor to sleep. When we woke up we took a
shower. The warm water and suds felt wonderful.As he tenderly washed my pussy he
said, "You are amazing. I think I hit pretty hard but the lines are already
fading. By tomorrow no-one could guess what had happened to you."

I looked down at my boobs and was also asmazed. When he had hit them I would
have sworn the switch had cut deeply into them but now the red was just pink
lines. I was glad because I suddenly remembered my appointment Friday and would
not have been able to explain these marks.

He went on to say, "Even your pussy. When I hit it the lips would jerk open to
spatter your juices but now you would never know."

"I guess I heal fast but I am exhausted. I want to go home."

"Oh sure. You must be too tired to walk I'll call a cab while you dress."

When the cab arrived he kissed me and helped me in then gave the driver some
money. I gave him my address and leaned back.

END part 5




                  DEIDRE6

When I went to class Friday Bobby the boy that had switched me was waiting for
me on the steps. I hoped he would not ask me out that night because I would have
to refuse.

For some reason he looked sad and I found out why when he said, Deidre. I can't
continue to go with you."

I said confused, Why? Last night was fantastic."

"Yes that is the problem. I enjoyed it too much. I am afraid I may hurt you real
bad and even if I don't if I continue with this I will never have a normal life.
I am sorry. I will never forget you but eventually I want to hsve a wife like
Mom and children and I can't imagine that with you."

I was pissed off. "I have never let a boy whip me or given a blow job before and
now you are dumping me?"

"Don't think of it that way I am sure you will realise that eentually we will
end in disaster."

I said angrily,"Ok Fuck off." but I knew he was right I couldn't imagine a long
term relationship with him.

After clas Don gave me a note saying he would pick me up at seven and I should
wear the schoolgirl outfit, put up my hair in pigtails and wear no makeup.

I was ready by six feeling a little silly The outfit and pigtails made me look
as if I was about thirteen except of course for my boobs which ballooned over
the little white cotton bra and threatened to pop the buttons on the blouse.The
little white panties were also too tight compressing my buns.

He picked me up  at seven and on the way said, "You are going to meet Dr. Helms
who is from Seattle University the Catholic college. He used to cane students in
high school until they passed that stupid law banning corporal punishment. After
that he became tired of trying to deal with unruly kids with only detention as a
weapon and had to finish his education to teach in a university to avoid the
problem. He really misses caning the girls and has a fantasy of caning one
naked. You will satisfy his fantasy."

I didn't think that would be too bad. My catholic school had never given more
than six swats. Of course it would be worse naked.

I asked, "What about the other one?"

"that is Dr. Black. He is a history professor. He is an expert on the witchcraft
trials and the inquizition so I would guess it will involve flogging.I told them
both that you shouldn't be scarred since I plan to use you in more movies. This
should be exciting. I have set up three cameras and lights so my movie should
look very professional."

"Yeah great for you but I am the one who will suffer."

He laughed and said,"True."

Actually I didn't think it would be too bad.A flogger and a cane could not be
worse than a willow switch and it had given me orgasms.

We drove out into the boonies and then he pulled into a deserted church. It was
in bad shape with windows broken and faded paint. When we went in it was empty
except for a large cross on the stage, a podium and a desk in front of the
stage. Two men were sitting on the edge of the stage holding glasses With a
cooler between them. They yelled at Don to come down for a drink before the fun
began.

they poured some whiskey in a glass and added a little water to give to us. It
was so strong it made me gag at first but then I felt this nice warm feeling in
my tummy and asked for another. Dr. Helms said,"No way honey. We want you fully
alert."

When we finished the drinks Don checked the cameras then turned on flood
lights.I shuddered knowing the bright lights would make me especially naked.

He said, We're ready and Dr Helms took my hand and said,"Okay this is the scene.
You were caught naked fucking two boys under the bleachers. For that you will be
punished. I will be sitting behind the desk. You will come up to me and we will
wing it from there."

He went to sit at the desk then Don knocked on the wall. Dr.Helms said "Come
in." which was my cue to walk to his desk. t was dejavu. I remembered having to
go to the principals office and felt the same fear and dread.

He said, "Deidre you were caught naked fornicating with two boys. One boy would
have been bad enough but two is perversion. This is a serious offence. You will
receive six stokes for each article of clothing you are wearing so you will
never want to be naked again."

I quickly added it up six for vest 12 for skirt 18 for blouse, 24 for bra and
thirty for panties. I sobbed remembering six stokes were terrible.

He said, "Move the podium."

Black went up on the stage and slid the podium to the wall revealing a pipe
footrest about four inches off the floor.

He said,"Take off your panties. Pull your skirt up to your waist and go up on
the stage."

I did knowing they were staring at my bare bottom and hairless pussy as I held
the skirt bunched up against my stomach. He led me over to the footrest and
said,"Open your legs then bend over to hold on to the foot rest."

I knew this would make a great target for my butt and to add to my embarrassment
my pussy would pooch out a little from between my legs.

I saw him pick up the csne from the floor. That added to my fright.It was about
the same thickness of the switch but about five feet long to give him a lot of
leverage.

He came to my side and said,"Do not let go off the footrest.If you do the stroke
will be repeated."

His first stoke was just below my tailbone.It hurt so bad I yipped,"Ahhh." and
kind of danced from foot to foot in a vain effort to relieve the pain.

He continued on down my butt as I danced feeling my butt sting and burn. On the
sixth he hit right in the crease between my thighs and butt which also caused a
sting to my pussy lips that had pooched out behind. It hurt so bad I forgot and
straightened up to grab my poor buns with both hands while I danced around.

Dr Helms said,"You are fun. I not only get to see the cane sink into those
marvelous round buns but get a dance along with it. Now bend over again. That
stroke must be repeated.

I bent over to grab the footrest holding it as tight as I could. He slid the
cane back and forth in the crerase to make my pussy lips move as I whimpered
"No. Please no."

He hit and the pain was even worse but I managed to keep hold of the footrest.

He said,"You may rub for a moment before we continue."

I knew I looked obscene rubbing my buns with one hand and the lower part of my
pussy with the other but I didn't care I was willing to do anything to relieve
the lingering pain.

In too short a time he said,"Take off the vest and bend ocver again."

He continued the route down my thighs. It was awful but not as bad as the
crease. He let me rub again but it occurred to me that with the delays I may
never reach the level of excitement necessary to negate the pain.

He said,"Take off the blouse."

I did and he grinned at the sight of my boobs ballooning over the top of the
bra.

I bent over and grabbed the pipe for dear life. He pushed my skirt up to my head
then slid the cane over my buns letting me know he was starting over there. It
was just as bad and I cried as I danced. Just before the sixth he said."Move
your feet closer to the pipe."

I knew that would make my pussy pooch out even more and that the sixth like the
last one would be in the crease. I whimpered "No. Please no."

He said,"Okay I will do it."

He pulled my left leg open to get past the pipe and put it slightly in front of
my head. Then he grabed my right leg and did the same. Now I was practically
standing on my head with my legs about three feet apart.I knew my poor pusssy
was totally exposed. I continued to whimper "No" with tears flowing into my hair
as he rubbed that damn cane across the crease pulling my pussy lips back and
forth but he had no sympathy.

That sixth was the worst pain I had ever felt I screamed and fell forward but
held on to the pipe then began rubbing my legs together to try to help my poor
pussy.

He helped me up and said I could rub which I did while they grinned and watched.

He told me to take off the bra and when he did he came to me and crushed my
boobs in his hands to say, "These are nice. Round like your butt. You can only
use a cane on fleshy areas but these are certainly fleshy."

I whimpered," No please. They may be damaged permanently. Please say you won't."

He just grinned and said,"We'll see."

He had me bendover again but this time pulled my feet back a little saying, We
need to give your tits room to move."

He did my thighs again but it was worse since he was hitting old welts. I tried
not to move to keep them from having the pleasure of seeing  my big boobs
jumping but it hurt too much and I couldn't help it.

I was glad to take off the skirt since I was now naked and it would be over.

When I bent over he pulled my legs apart saying,"It is time for inner thighs."

He put two on my left thigh about six and eight inches from my pussy then two on
the right. It was almost as bad as the crease. I screamed and danced not caring
my boobs were flopping and my cunt was winking.

then he hit at the crease catching and ripping at my pussy lip. It was too much.
I stood up clutching my pussy certain he had ripped off the lip.

When I calmed a bit he said,"You are a slow learner.I get another in the same
spot."

I panicked and yelled, "Please no. Anything but that."

"Anything? Okay suppose I trade one directly on that puffy pussy for the last
two?"

I had nothing to lose he was hitting my pussy anyway so I agreed.

He had me put my butt on the footrest and lay back.This pushed my pussy up
enough so I could see it between my cleavage.

he rubbed the cane diagonally across both lips poking my thigh to get me to open
my legs more.He wasn't satisfied until I was nearly doing the splits.

He moved to my left side and continues to rub as he said,"Are you ready?"

No-one could be truly ready for this but I said"Yes."

"Say please hit my pussy."

I groaned then said weakly,"Please hit my pussy."

I took a deep breath as he raised the cane above his head. He fooled me! I
expected it to cross the lips but he hit right into my gaping slit to cause
horrific pain from my anus to my clitoris. I made a bloodcurdling scream as I
slammed my legs shut.

They watched me as I rolled on the floor clutching my pussy as I tried
desperately to lessen the pain but this was so bad it lingered and I don't know
how much time went by before I was able to open my tearfilled eyes to see them
drinking and staring at me.

I moaned,"I need a drink."

Dr Helms said,"Okay and helped me up to my feet and Dr.Black handed me another
strong drink. I gulped it down and asked for another. He gave it to me which was
a signal this part of the ordeal was over."

When I finished it I relaxed a bit and said, "God I am glad that is over. I
don't think I could take anymore."

Dr Helms said,"What makes you think it is over. You still have shoes,socks and
hair ribbons."

"Oh God no. I am a mass of pain give me a break."

Ok I'll tell you what.If you crawl to me and open my pants to give me a blow job
then take my belt to give yourself twelve spanks on your pussy I won't give you
the remaining thirty-six on your crease."

I had to think about it if the cameras were not there I would do it in a minute
but debasing myself that way in front of possibly hundreds of people gave me
pause. Then I remembered the sickening pain of the cane on that so sensitive
spot and agreed.

He had me go to the far wall and sat on the floor at the edge of the stage with
his legs open. He said, Crawl on your belly not on your hands and knees. I want
to see those tits dragging."

I got on my belly and began crawling as if swimming. The floor was filthy from
dirt and plaster dust from the ceiling so my nipples felt raw by the time I got
to him. I unbuckled his belt and unsnapped the waist band to pull down the
zipper to pull out his dick. It was an ugly dick purplish with big veins
surrounded with gray pubic hair. He seemed to last forever and all the time he
was saying things like "Go you slutty cock sucker and I know you can't wait to
taste that sweet cum." That made me totally humiliated and I was almost grateful
I would be able to punish myself. He didn't have sweet cum. It tasted awful but
he made me swallow it which made me a little nauseous.

I took his belt and went out to the center of the stage and spread my legs as
directed.I rolled the belt into my fist to leave about eighteen inches hanging
out then stood there a minute to work up my nerve.

He said,"Don't try to cheat. If your pussy is not real red and puffy I will do
it again."

I certainly did not want that to happen so I took a deep breath and swung down
the belt to hit the left side of my pussy.I gasped at the sting but it was not
nearly as bad as the cane. I hit the right side and again it was bearable so I
started hitting faster and a little harder to make sure it would be deep red.I
don't know if it was because I was in control or not but by the sixth I was
feeling excitement by eight I was hitting the center and at ten I opened my legs
more as orgasms began. He got his moneys worth because I hit sixteen times
before a powerful orgasm made me sink to my knees then to the floor to twitch
and convulse.

Through a haze I heard Helms say,"God. Who knew. I did her a favor. She got off
on that."

I went to sleep but there was more ordeal to follow.
end part 6




                   DEIDRE 7

I don't know how long they let me sleep but I was awakened by Don holding a cup
of coffee. I was thirsty so I drank it and another.

My pussy still hurt from the cane but nearly all the red was gone from my
belting and my butt and thighs just throbbed which was not really unpleasant.

While I finished the second cup of espresso Don said this scene is set during
the salem witchcraft era. You will be taken to court and sentenced if guilty.

I said alarmed, "God they burned witches at the stake. You won't do that will
you?"

"Of course not.the puritans were very strict on many offenses. You will be
flogged at the cross but I don't know how many yet.

I sobbed and said,"I saw a picture of a woman flogged at the cross. There was
blood running from the stripes on her back. I am scared."

"I won't let them get that far. Trust me."

He hadn't lied to me yet and there was certainly no-one else there I could trust
so I just nodded.

He helped me put on the dress then turned me around to face the stage. Dr Helms
was sitting at the desk in a black robe and a white wig and Dr Black was
standing beside him. He really looked frightening. He was wearing a black
leather hood and black leather pants. His chest was bare and I saw he seemed to
be very muscular for an older man. He had a black leather whip attached to his
belt that had many thongs that reached nearly to his ankles.

Dr Helms said, "Call Deidre Thomas to the court."

Don gave me a little push and I walked reluctantly to the desk. I just stared at
Dr.Helms because Dr.Black looked too frightening.

Dr. Helms said, "You are accused of sexual perversions. How do you plead to this
accusation."

I thought I had nothing to lose so I said,"Not guilty your honor."

Don yelled from behind the camera, "She is lying your honor I saw her sucking a
man's penis."

Dr. Helms said,"Do you wish to change your plea."

"No your honor I was forced to do that."

He looked at me sternly and said,"That is no excuse. A God fearing woman would
have killed herself before doing such a disgusting act. For that and lying about
it I am giving you the maximum sentence of fifty lashes with the Cat O Nine
Tails. Take her away."

Dr black led me to the cross and I imagined myself tied to it with blood running
down my back.

I was shocked when he turned me around to face the cameras. He jerked up my left
arm and buckled my wrist to a cuff then jerked up my right arm to buckle it.

I whimpered are all the lashes going to hit my front?"

He said,"Of course that is the part of your body you use to intice men."

Then he pulled my legs open to tie them to rings in the floor. That lowered me
to pull at my shoulders. I had one consolation. Now that I was tied he coudn't
take off the dress so I would have some protection.

That was a false hope. He grasbbed the dress and ripped it off me to make me
naked and helpless. He took off the whip and shook it out.

That gave me a chance for a close look which was really frightening. It had nine
tightly braided thongs that would make nine stripes with each lash and worse of
all there were little lead balls attached to the ends.

Dr. Black stood there a moment until Dr Helms said,"You may begin."

I hoped he would hit my not so sensitve thighs but the first lash flattened and
ripped at my breasts to cause horrendous pain. I looked down to see the balls
had left maroon splotches at the end of red lines.I screamed."No! No! Not
there." But there was another just as bad and incredibly as if watching a car
crash  I watched as the whip flattened and jerked my breasts into ugly shapes. I
continued to scream as the next eliminated the last of the white skin leaving
nothing but red and purple I was hoarse by the fourth and finally closed my eyes
to block the hideous sight as the fifth seemed to rip off my left nipple.

Suddenly Don yelled,"Stop! Stop Damnit."

He lowered the whip and I hoarsely said,"Thank you." So glad it was over.

Don said,"I told you I didn't want her to bleed. You have her bleeding in two
places on her right breast and the nipple of her left."

I looked down and really began to bawl. Blood was dripping on my right breast
just above the nipple from hitting the same place twice or more and my nipple
looked ripped and blood was dripping from the tip.

Dr. Black said,"Sorry Don. I got a little carried away from the sight of her
gorgeous tits being torn into those grotesque shapes."

"That's okay. I understand. You can continue just be more careful."

I yelled hoarsely,"No. Please no."

I was ignored and Dr.Black began rubbing my belly saying, "I have always been
facinated by the soft white underbelly of a woman. The new fashion of bare
midriffs with low waist pants or skirts makes me crazy. I have imagined them red
and striped. You will satisfy that fantasy.Tighten your stomach muscles if you
don't want your breath knocked out of you."

I tightened them as much as I could but the force did not knock the wind from me
the pain did. I could only throw back my head and gasp as more pain followed and
then a ball hit my pubic bone which hurt so bad I tried to twist out of the way.
Then I felt it ripping at my pussy lips and howled hoarsely as a ball hit my
clit.

He continued to hit my poor pussy each seeming worse than the last. then I heard
Don yell "Stop!"

I slumped as Dr Black lowered the whip.

Don said,"Shit you ripped her pussy lip. The blood will hide everything. I will
have to sew that up."

I watched through tear filled eyes as he dug in his briefcase then walked up on
stage with a curved upholstery needle with nylon thread hanging from it.

I couldn't see my pussy because my damn big tits which had swelled at least
another cup size blocked my view but I felt him pull out my right lip then a
stick and a dragging sensation as the thread went through the hole he made.
Normally that would have been awful but My pussy was so sore I hardly noticed
this additional pain.

He finished then dabbed at my pussy with his handkerchief saying, Okay that
stopped the bleeding but no more pussy and no more tits. Her tender thighs
should make her try to scream. Wait til I get back to the camera."

I whimpered, "No. No more." but they either did not hear me or ignored me.

Dr.Black began hitting my thighs with the ends hitting the tender inside. It was
awful and wanted to faint but I couldn't so as thery kept burning me I beat my
head against the cross hoping to knock myself out but it didn't work. He moveed
from one side to another covering each thigh then a really awful one came and
Don yelled, "That's it. You have her bleeding again."

Weirdly that was when I fainted. Not during the terrible part when I should but
when it was over.

I didn't wake up until I felt cold. I woke up then to find myself submerged to
my neck in a tub of cool water.

I looked around and saw Don sitting on the toilet holding a drink as he watched
me. I realized I was terribly thirsty and said hoarsely,"I am thirsty."

He gave me a glass and said,"I thought you would be you must have sweat over a
quart of water. It made a great shot your whole body was glowing.

I began to cry saying, "You never told me it would be that bad."

"Sorry. I didn't know he would be so mean. I promise nothing will be that bad
again."

I spent the whole weekend at his house alternating with cool baths and being
caressed by salves. On Sunday he went to my apartment and brought back a dark
cotton blouse and a skirt that went to my knees to hide the remaining purple
lines and splotches. My nipple healed good and I would just have a tiny pucker
where he sewed up the lip.

Either he didn't lie or else ran out of mean clients. For the rest of the
quarter I just had men who liked to humiliate me by putting a leash on me to
train me like a dog finishing by licking their dicks and ass, have me crawl
around or make me punish myself by putting clothespins on my breasts nipples and
pussy, or whip myself with straps, whips or lamp extention cords. The last was
the worst but the self punishment things at least excited me. Since I had
automatic "A"s in three of my glasses I could really study for the fourth and
got a "B" there. He ended my public nudity I think he was afraid I may be caught
and expelled.

In my last quarter he found more Professors so I aced the quarter. There was
only one bad session. He said that he had found a couple of english gentlemen.

I whined, "Oh no. They will want to cane me. You know that leaves awful
bruises."

"Actually that will depend on your luck. They think they are good dart players.
I told them that we would have a contest. Anytime they hit the bullseye they
could give you six swats. They are only getting ten chances. If you are lucky
only a few or none.

I didn't really trust him since I knew this was his last chance to torture me.
Because of my great grades I had been offered a good teaching job at a private
boys school in North Carolina. I would be teaching eleventh grade at a much
better salary than any public school.However at the very worst I shouldn't get
over fifty.

I said,"I have been lucky so let's go for it. I have all summer to heal before
my job starts."

He took me to his house and there were no props I could see so I knew this would
not be role playing.

When they arrived Don said,"Here she is Gentlemen. Just as I promised."

Professor Decker said,"This will really be a treat to see her naked. In class I
had wished she would dress more daringly like other girls."

I knew what he meant My punishments had totally removed my desire to tease and I
had dressed in opaque blouses with a sturdy bra and long skirts or pants.

Professor Akin's said,"Me too. I can't wait."

Don said with a grin, "You heard him Dee. Take off everything even the shoes."

He had taught me to strip slowly to build up their excitement so I lifted my
skirt to just below my panties to lift my leg and slip off my shoe.then my other
one.

I unbuttoned my blouse from the bottom to show my flat tummy and little navel

then I took off the bra and blushed at their comments of "Huge and lovely." All
the abuse to them seemed to have made them grow they used to fit loose in a "D"
cup but now overfilled it.

I slipped off the skirt and turned slowly so they could see all of me then
slowly slid down the panties blushing again as one said,"I love that bare pussy
she looks about eleven."

After a couple of turns Don said, "Now I will display her."

He led me to the far wall and I saw a couple of padded leather cuffs attached to
rings in the wall and two more in the floor. He turned me to face them and
hooked my wrists to the cuffs. I whimpered, "They aren't going to cane me tied
like this are they?" I certainly didn't want to be caned on my front.

"This to detract them. They might not hit the target to be able to cane you."

That sounded like a good idea. I thought I would shake my boobs to further
distract them.

Then he attached the ankle cuffs to open my legs about three feet. I felt my
pussy lips open slightly. Then he said, "Okay gentlemen, check her out while I
get some things."

While I hung there helpless they came to me and began squeezing my breasts and
pulled on the nipples to make me gasp then one said,"The cane will go out of
sight in these big melons."

I panicked and squealed, "You aren't going to hit me there!"

He said,"As I understand that will depend on your luck and our skill."

I began to cry. I felt cheated Don had never told me there was that
possibility."

Then the other one roughly grabbed my ass cheeks and said,"There is room for at
least twenty lines here."

The other slapped my tummy and said,"This is so tight the cane would bounce off
of it."

The other grabbed my pussy lips to pull them out making me gasp and said,"I have
never hit a girl here."

The other said,"Me either. I'll bet it would get teal red and puffy."

Don returned carrying a box. As they continued to feel and probe me he said, "As
you will remember even if you get no bullseyes you will still get to cane her
ass ten times each."

One said,"I certainly hope I can do better than that.I didn't pay five hundred
dollars for a simple ass caning."

Don said, "If you don't it will be your fault. I hope you appreciate my efforts.
I have prepared darts by straightening fish hooks and inserting them in these
dowels with plastic fins. That way they won't fall out to bring about an
argument about where they hit.

He held up a dart and I saw the point was about a half inch long with a barb.He
continued,"There are ten each painted red and purple which I thought was
appropriate. Pick your color while I prepare the target."

I expected him to go get a dartboard but he came to me and took out a clear
plastic helmet like sandblasters use to protect their faces. As he slipped it on
my head he said this will protect your face and the large arteries in your
neck."

I whimpered,"You didn't say I would be the target!"

"No I didn't want you struggling while I bound you"

He took out a red circle of paper about two inches wide and a long straight pin.
He pinned it to my nipple making me squeal as it dug through my nipple and
popped out the other side with a drop of blood. He put one on my other nipple,my
navel,and at the top of my pussy directly over my clit.

Don said,"If you hit a target you will be able to cane that spot six times."


Professer Decker moved on to the throw rug about ten feet from me and took
careful aim. The dart missed going just under my pussy to stick n the wall. I
felt a ray of hope as Professor Decker said, These darts suck.I wouldn't have
missed with mine."

The next stuck into my pubic bone causing a sickening pain I had never
experienced before the third stuck into my left pussy lip and bad as it was it
was better than hitting bone. on the fourth he changed targets to my breast. I
gasped as it tore into me just below the nipple. The fifth went in above the
nipple and since he was getting so close to the target I moved at the last
moment. It was a mistake. If I had remained still it would have missed but
moving let it bury itself in my nipple to make me squeal in pain. He yelled in
triumph and aimed again.

The dart stuck into the target on  my navel and I felt a deep pain and saw a
little rivulet of blood run down my tummy. Professor Akin's said,"Nice shot!"

Professor Decker laughed and said,"That dart was really bad I was aiming for her
clit."

That made me realise that my fate was to be determined by my luck and maybe fate
or God or whatever was determining the punishment I deserved.Somehow that made
my pain just and I accepted it.

His ninth and tenth stuck in the lips of my pussy proving I did not deserve the
terrible pain at my clit.

Dr. Akins moved onto the rug for his turn. He stuck three of the darts in my
left breast which of course hurt but I accepted them stoically pleased God had
spared my nipple.but then the fourth and fifth stuck directly on my nipple to
show me I deserved much greater punishment. He began putting darts in my pussy
lips keeping me squealing and crying. I began to struggle and that is when one
went into my clitoris to take my breath away.I screamed much of it in the
frustration that I had moved my pussy to let my clitoris be hit.

Now that part was over but I continued to cry knowing as bad as that had been
worse was coming.

Don said,"You may remove the darts calling out your successes."

Dr Decker came to me and said "Left nipple." He pulled it out slowly making me
scream,"No. no jerk it out."

He just smiled at me evilly and said,"Navel." He pulled it out even more slowly
and when it finally pulled free another rivulet of blood ran out. Then he pulled
the one out of my pubic bone causing both pain and an ache. The ones after that
seemed easier.

Dr. Akins said,"Right nipple." He too pulled it out slowly pulling my nipple out
to the max and said "Right nipple." again to add to the pain still throbbing he
pulled it slowly and then jerked it a little to push it back in again. Then he
went to my pussy making my lips pull out and stretch before the dart released.
Each was wsorse than the last since I knew each one was getting me closer to the
ultimate pain of my clit.

It was my clit's turn and I screamed and shuddered as it pulled my clit out past
the lips before ripping out making blood drip.

Don came toward me and I whined ,"No.please no." when I saw the can of styptic
powder he was carrying. He ignored me and rubbed some into the cuts making me
scream since it would not have hurt more if he had pressed a burning cigarette
into me.

The burning seemed to last forever and I screamed myself hoarse then hung limply
in exhaustion while they calmly discussed the poses I should be in for the
caning.

Don said, "Gentlemen since you will no doubt do the promised minimum of ten to
her ass and thighs I might suggest you double your pleasure by having her suck
the dick of the one not caning."

I moaned, "Oh God. Isn't it enough to hurt me without adding humiliation?'

Dr. Akins laughed and said, "Just the fact you hate the idea makes me want to do
it."

Dr Decker said,"I don't know. The pain may make her bite my dick."

Don said, "If anything the pain will make her open her mouth to scream but in
any case she knows if she bites her punishment will be worse than she can
imagine."

I didn't know how they could hurt me more but I was sure they would think of
something awful so I whimpered,"I won't bite."

Dr. Akins said,"I'll risk it."

He took off his pants and shorts then his shoes and socks and sat on the edge of
a chair. He looked strange just wearing a shirt,vest and coat with his gnarly
dick and balls hanging over the edge of the chair.

He said,"Crawl to me and lick and suck my toes then my foot then up my iner
thighs to lick my balls then take my dick into your mouth. Dr.Decker you may
begin the caning when my dick is deep in her mouth."

It was terribly humiliating to crawl to him and suck his toes I felt like a
cowering dog trying to please it's master. It was slmost better to lick his
balls since I could see the pleased look on his face but then I looked out of
the corner of my eye to see Dr.Decker standing there holding a big walking cane.
I had never been hit by something that heavy and was sure it would bruise me
horribly. To put it off as long as possible I redoubled my efforts to please him
by licking his balls but eventually he moaned,"Put it in your mouth."

I sobbed knowing that when I did the caning would start but I had no choice.

Dr Decker jammed his hand between my legs to lift me by my pussy until my legs
were straight and my ass stuck out.

When I had about half of it in my mouth there was a terrible impact to my butt
that drove me forward to drive it clear into my throat.I pulled back gagging but
he said,"That was great! Hit her again!"

there was another impact to my sore and throbbing butt and I couldn't keep from
having my nose bury itself in his pubic hair to again ram it into my throat. he
said,"Great! Hit her faster."

Now the impacts came faster to keep my mouth bobbing on his dick as pain
enveloped my entire butt. Suddenly he grunted and I felt his cum spurting into
my throat just as the final terrible blow hit at the juncture of my thighs and
ass to lift me up on my toes and drove his dick deep into my throat. He grabbed
my head and held me there gagging and choking until his dick went soft.

Dr.Akins said,"Your turn." but Dr. Decker said,"No I think I will save that for
the grand finale."

I sat there on my throbbing ass gasping for breath. They watched me amused and
De Akins said,"Wow look at those great tits heave."

Dr.Decker said, "If you think they are heaving now wait until we do the
nipples."

That reminded me of the ordeal to come and I sobbed,"Please. Please no."

They ignored me and as soon as I got my breath they grabbed my arms and dragged
me to the cross. I thought they may crucify me but they pulled my hands around
the pole to tie them and then tied my elbows together to force me to push out my
boobs. They pulled my legs apart making me sob as Dr Akins said,"More. I want
easy access to her clit."

When I was tied to their satisfaction with my legs so far apart the tendons in
my thighs ached Dr Decker felt my stomach and said,"She seeems to have strong
stomach muscles. Why don't you use the heavy cane on her navel?"

Dr Akins said,"Good idea."

I moaned,"No." but it did no good and I tightened my tummy muscles as tight as I
could while he rubbed the heavy cane across my navel.

On the first three I was able to keep it from going deep although the pain was
unreal but then my stomach muscles tired and the cane dug in to make me nauseous
amd the last one took my breath leving me gasping in the effort to breathe.

They let me get my breath back again watching my tits heave.

Don said,"You can't use the heavy cane on her tits. It could cause a lot of
damage."

I sighed in relief in a way pleased at Dr Deckers disappointment as he
said,"Pity my twelve strokes would have turned her tit into a purple swollen
mound."

He picked up a long skinny bamboo cane and put all twelve strokes on or near my
nipple. When he finished I looked down at my burning and aching tit to see he
had gotten his wish. It was an ugly purple and marron color and had swollen to a
double "D" cup.

Dr.Akin's six to my other nipple was nearly as bad and I hung in my ropes
sobbing hysterically While my tits burned and throbbed.

Again they let me recover. I think it may have been better for them to finish
while I was in so much pain more would not have mattered. While I sobbed they
discussed my clit caning. Dr. Decker said,"It is going to be awkward trying to
hit upwards into her pussy."

Dr.Akins agreed and said,"Yeah. Lets tie her ankles to the ends of the crossbar.
That way you can get a full swing down into it."

I sobbed, "No." over and over as they pulled my ankles up to the crossbar
lifting my pussy as I bent double until I could see it gaping open with the end
of my clit exposed. I can't even describe the pain as he hit it over and over
while I screamed hysterically.

Again they let me recover for Dr. Decker's blowjob. After what I had suffered it
seemed almost anti-climatic. I was glad when he came in my mouth because it
meant the end of my ordeal.

Don took me home naked since I didn't want anything touching my abused body. I
knelt on the floor of his car and when no-one was around hurried into my
apartment to get into a cooling bath. It took three days before I was well
enough to go home for the break before my job.

end part seven




                       Deidre 9

The next morning after Dad left for work Mom invited me out to sunbathe with
her.

I noticed the sun was very hot on my pussy which had never seen the sun without
hair to shade it.

After a while I said, "I think I will go inside. I am afraid my pussy will be
snburned. It is already red and hot."

Mom said,"I don't doubt it. It is white as snow. Speaking of pussies yours looks
pretty ragged with the missing hair. Would you like to get rid of the rest of
it."

"Yes. I want it bare like yours."

"Okay we will remove it like your Dad does mine."

We went inside and Mom put a towel on the dining room table and told me to put
my butt on it and lie back. She left and came back with some rope.

"Mom I don't need to be tied to be shaved. I'll keep my legs open."

"Oh I am not going to shave you I am going to wax you. Shaving makes the hair
coarse and you get stubble."

"Oh I have heard of bikini waxing. Does it hurt?"

"A little but after last night I don't think you will mind a little pain to your
pussy."

I blushed at the reminder of my perverse nature and stayed silent while she tied
the rope to my right knee and tossed it under the table. She went to the other
side to pick yp the rope to loop it around my left knee then pulled on the rope
to jerk my knees down to the table.

I yelped,"Ow Ow! That hurts my hips."

She had no sympathy saying,"Oh don't be such a sissy. They will get used to it."
and made a knot.

She lit a Christmas candle and held it over my pussy at an angle. In seconds a
drop fell on my pussy lip.

I yelled,"Ow not so close! It is burning me."

"Don't be such a coward. The wax has to be liquid so it can flow around each
hair."

That hurt my feelings so I limited myself to whimpers as drop after drop fell to
cover every inch of my burning pussy. She continued to add wax saying it had to
be deep enough to cover all the hair. At least the first layer kept new drops
off my skin so there was not the terrible burn but they kept the wax hot making
it seem as if my pussy was being cooked.

Suddenly there was a terrible burn and I realised she was dropping wax into my
open slit burning the tender inner lips and clitoris horribly.

I screamed, "Mom there is no hair there!"

"I know that silly. I am making an edge to let me lift the wax."

I didn't care about her damn edge I just howled and cried as my slit filled.

Finally she was satisfied and said "Okay I will cool it."

She got a plastic bag of crushed ice and laid it over my pussy. It began to stop
the cooking of my pussy instantly and I whimpered,"Thank you."

She grinned and said, "I am going to finish my sunbath while the wax cools and
hardens. I'll be back in a little while."

Soon the wax was cool then cold then really cold and my pussy began to ache. It
was really aching when she came back.

She took off the bag of mostly melted ice and said,"I added salt to the ice to
make it melt faster and get colder."

I said,"Too cold my pussy is frozen and aching."

"That's okay maybe it will be a little numb for this."

At that she dug into my slit to get the edge of the wax and pulled it off. I
swear I heard as well as felt the hair ripping out not unlike opening  velcro.
Thankfully the mound of wax was so deep it got all the hair with one pull and it
was the same on the other side.

While she untied me I felt it. The hair pulling had left a stinging sensation
but it was incredibly soft and smooth. Even better than after I had shaved it.

Mom felt it too and said, "That is nice. Your Dad will love it."

When Dad got home and was eating dinner he said,"You missed your hour of
aerobics yesterday with Dee coming home and all. You can do them after dinner."

Mom said,"Okay. Would you like to join me Dee?"

I knew that I would be naked but it didn't matter to me. I said,"Sure."

After dinner he said, "Let's make it a contest. The one that does it with the
least amount of energy will get ten groove spanks."

I said, What are groove spanks?"

Mom explained, "You bend over and hold on to his ankles while he brings the
switch down into your butt crack to sting you from your anus to your clitoris.
It hurts a lot."

I said,"That isn't fair. Mom has been working out every day. My only exercise
has been walking to classes."

Dad said, "Okay I will give you a break. If you lose I won't hit quite as hard
and you can set the cadence by counting."

That sounded more fair so I agreed determined to do my best.

He watched us strip and Mom said as I was taking off my skirt, "I waxed her
today. You will like it."

He did. When I was naked he had me go to him and he felt my pussy.He said,"Oh
yes that is much nicer. I love the soft smooth feeling and the fact it looks so
much more vulnerable not hidden by hair."

His rubbing felt so good I just grunted"Uhhuh." as I felt excitement rising.

He let his middle finger slide into my slit and I gasped as excitement leaped.
He said,"You are very sensual aren't you Dee."

I felt his now wet finger rubbing my clit and gasped,"Oh yes! Is that a bad
thing?"

"No that is a good thing now get out there for the aerobics."

I hated to leave I was sure just a few moments more would have given me an
orgasm but joined Mom.

Dad put a tape in the VCR and when the opening credits came on I knew I was in
trouble because it was the sixth level.

It started with just stretching exercises which weren't too hard but then went
to harder stuff like jumping jacks, situps, and pushups. I thought that aerobics
had never seemed sexy to me with clothes on but naked it was all sexy especially
the jumping jacks that let me feel my pussy lips open and close while my breasts
stayed in constant motion and the pushups that made my nipples sink into the
wool carpet feeling like little needles.

I did my best but after the first half hour I was sweating like crazy and
breathing hard. After that I couldn't keep up with the girl on TV. I knew I had
lost so for the last five minutes I just stood there panting.

When the tape ended Mom continued to run in place. I hated her. She was over
forty years old and was in much better shape than me.

Dad said,"I guess there is no question who won is there?"

I moaned,"No I lost but someday I will beat her."

"Okay. Go out and cut a switch. It should be about three feet long. that is
about right to curl around the crack so the tip will hit your clit. You never
got to a level seven spanking. This is it."

I hated to have to go out naked and cut the switch. It made it seem like I was
contributing to my coming ordeal. I found one about right and as I went back
stripping off leaves and twigs I realized the skinny tip would easily slide into
my slit so my pussy lips would give me no protection.

I bent over and grabbed his ankles and then spread my legs little by little as
he said "More." until he was satisfied.There was a mirror behind me and I saw I
was spread so wide I could see my anus and gaping pussy.

He said,"Whenever you are ready."

I took a deep breath and said,"One."

I felt a sharp sting all the way from my anus to my clit. I yelped as the sting
seemed to radiate all through my pussy and tears gushed from my eyes. I rocked
my hips trying to rub away the pain until he said,"Well?"

I should never have agreed to counting. That meant I would be asking for the
pain. I groaned and said,"Two."

If anything the pain was worse to make me scream and cry but I wanted to get it
over with so I said,"Three."

then I discovered a trick. I could see his arm with the switch come down and at
the last second twitched my hips. It was not enough to keep the switch from
hitting the groove but enough to make the tip miss my clit. It was still bad but
not the sickening pain caused by hitting the clit. I used the trick for the last
seven and was successful most of the time.

When he finished he lifted me to kiss my tear syained cheeks and said,"Good
girl. You were very brave."

Somehow that seemed like high praise and in gratitude I hugged him to my breasts
to kiss him and said,"Thank you."

Later I could hardly believe I had thanked him for the worst pain I had suffered
to date. I had excited him so much he took Mom to the bedroom even though it was
early evening. I could hear her delighted squeals and again envied her.

The next day I said,"Mom my demerit board is missing. Does that mean I won't get
demerits anymore?"

"No. I moved it into our bedroom since it is used for me and I can see the
demerits build up. I will move it back to the kitchen so we can both use it. Did
you want to give yourself five demerits for being so cowardly in the waxing?"

"No. Ten."

She grinned and got it for me to make two checks on it.

I said,"Will I still be punished on Fridays?

"Not this Friday. We are going to a party. Would you like to come?"

I thought it may be some dumb thing where they danced the Polka or something so
I said, "I don't think so."

"It won't be a party like any you have gone to before. Thanks to the internet we
have met some people who are also interested in spanking and things. We meet
once a month at Banker Dilly's house. He has a beautiful big home out in the
country where we can have total privacy. We have forty members now. Some travel
several miles for the events."

I don't know if anyone knew Dilly's first name. He owned the bank and everyone
called him Banker. I said, "Really? I didn't know there were forty people like
us."

"Oh honey there are thousands but Banker Dilly is very careful. He has private
detectives check people out and only attractive people are invited. I noticed
you looked longingly at us when your Dad took me to bed. At the party you will
get all the sex you want."

I don't know why I lied but I said, "Really? I have never had sex but would love
to try it."

"I don't doubt it with the frumpy clothes you wore. You may get more than you
want."

"I doubt that. Tell me more about the parties."

"They are all different but have some things in common. This particular party is
a costume party for those who wish to participate. The winner is a king or queen
who can order anyone to do anything he or she wants. All the losers are whipped
on stage but they just use floggers like your Dad's so no real harm is done."

"You said he or she. Would men be whipped?

"Yes some men like it. Your Dad is a pure Dom so he won't be participating."

I was glad about that I was sure I would lose respect for him if I saw him
whipped.

She went on to say, "In a way it is kind of like a craft show. People bring
their favorite toys for demonstrations."

"Toys?"

"Yes like whips made from everything from leather, rubber, plastic, and natural
things like willow switches, rose branches, blackberry vines and nettles."

"Oh wow. I ran into nettles once. I remember they burned and itched for days. I
wouldn't want to be whipped by them."

"Don't worry they are only used on their partners or those who want to try it.
They also bring more elaborate things like racks to stretch a person, pillories,
crosses for crucifixion, and last time a dom with two slaves were harnessed to a
cart to drag him around the house."

"Wow that sounds like a lot of stuff."

"Yes because of all the events the parties usually go from nine PM to dawn so we
take a nap before we go. Every month a woman is chosen alphaebetically to be a
party slave. She has to do anything anyone wants. Tonight it is my turn. Would
you like to join me. They would love a mother daughter team."

"Oh I don't know I wouldn't want some things like the nettle whip."

"You have the right to refuse ten things but you have to be careful. Once you
have used up your ten you can't refuse anything."

I couldn't think of ten things I would refuse so I said,"I want to go."

"Okay. I have to take you to my doctor. You have to present a health certificate
at the door proving you have no sexually transmitted diseases. Are you still
taking birth control pills to regulate your monthlies?

"Yes."

"Good you are all set."

We went to her doctor. I have never been given a more thorough examination. When
I was in the examination room he came in and sat down and told me to take off
all my clothes. Before I had been given one of those little backless robes by a
nurse and was able to undress privately. You would think I would be used to
being nude but somehow taking off my clothes while he watched with a little
smile on his face embarrassed me and I blushed. When I was naked he took some
blood and gave it to a nurse then had me get on an examination table and put my
feet in stirrups which he opened as far as they would go.

He picked up the biggest speculum I had ever seen and put some greasy stuff on
it and slowly worked it into my pussy. When he opened it I felt my pussy stretch
to the point of pain while my little gopher hole turned into Mammoth Cave.
Finally as I was sure it would never be small again he took it out and
said,"Everything looks fine.Now I will check your bartholin glands."

I said,"What are bartholin glands." since no doctor had mentioned them before."

He said, "They provide lubricant for sex. It is an easy check."

He opened my pussy lips with his left hand then began rubbing my clit with his
right. In spite of my embarassment I felt myself becoming aroused. He rubbed it
until I felt juices running onto my anus then said, "I'll see if the juices are
slick enouh."

He began pushing his hand into my pussy. I felt a stretch nearly as bad as the
speculum and finally felt my lips close over his wrist. I felt totally stuffed
down there but even more when he closed his hand into a fist and pushed deeper."

My whole body was flushed and I was ashamed a simple examination was arousing me
almost to the point of orgasm. He took out his hand and said, "Now I will
examine your breasts."

He squeezed and probed them while I tried to fight my continuing arousal then he
said," No lumps. Now I will check your nipples."

He pinched them in both hands and squeezed and pulled until I was panting in
arousal from the not unpleasant pain. He said,"Good they became stiff as they
should. Now I will check their sensitivety. If they are too sensitive you may
have a problem"

He picked up a little plastic paddle barely bigger than my nipples and said,
"Let me know when this hurts more than you can stand."

He began hitting one and then the other each time a little harder to make them
sting and increase my arousal. the stings got worse as the paddle began making
louder "Spat" sounds and then he stopped. I moaned,"I can take more."

He grinned and started again harder and after about ten more I exploded in
orgasm. I am sure he knrw but I just didn't care.

He stopped and said,"You are fine. You can dress now."

He left but I had to lie there a few minutes to recover. I dressed and went out
to meet Mom feeling shaky.

When we were in the car I said,"God. I have never had an exam like that."

"Did he do the nipple check?"

"Yes. They are still stinging a little,"

"I thought he would not be able to resist those cute pink nipples. You will see
him at the party."

That really embarassed me since I was sure he knew the nipple spanking had
turned me on.

I changed the subject by saying, " Are you wearing a costume to the party."

"No party slaves don't wear costumes. We will be nude except for a collar and a
chain around our necks and a chain around our waist to hold the medals we give
to people who we refuse."

That excited me I would be naked in front of forty people and at their disposal.
That night I thought of all the things that could happen to me and masturbated
myself to sleep.

end part 9




                         Deidre 10

Friday finally came  and Mom and I stood naked while Dad put collars on our
necks with chains on them that reached nearly to our ankles.

He said "The chain will show under the trench coats so I will take up some
slack."

He pulled my breast out by the nipple and began wrapping the chain around the
base to make it get round and firm like a balloon then brought the chain over to
my oter boob to do the same. Finally he hooked the end of the chain to my collar

I stood there while he did Mom.

It wasn't too uncomfortable. My boobs just felt tight and throbbed a little as
trapped blood turned them dark red.

He gave us our trenchcoats and when it was buttoned I could feel my distended
nipples rubbing on the canvas like fabric.

We drove for miles with each little bump causing a rub on my nipples until we
came to a big iron gate. there was a post with a button on it and when Dad
pressed it a voice said,"Who is there?"

Dad gave his name and the gate slowly opened. When we went through the gate
closed like magic.


We didn't see the house until we had driven about a quarter of a mile. It was
magnificent. Floodlights lit marble columns and a pool and fountain in front.

We got out and rang the doorbell. A little door opened in the big black iron
door and a man looked at us before opening.

When we wee in the man said, "Mr. Dilly will be here in a minute. May I take
your coats. I looked at Dad and he nodded so I took it off and gave it to the
man. He looked at my red boobs and hairless cunt for a moment then took Mom's
coat as if this was completely normal.

While we waited Dad loosened our chains so they were hanging between our legs
again.

Mr. Dilly arrived shortly. He was a big man about fifty and looked like a banker
in his three piece suit. Dad introduced me and Mr. Dilly
said,"You know where the auditorium is. I will take Dee on a tour."

The rooms and furniture were magnificent. He had a lot of art especially nude
women in oil painting and statues but all were tasteful.

He said,"I will show you my special room."

He pushed back a small statue on a pedestal and the wall opened to reveal a huge
elevator. He said,"I had to have a big elevator to hold my toys. This is the
only way down. I had an out of state contractor build this so no-one local would
know about it.

When the door opened I saw a huge room with things I had seen in history books
about the inquizition and dungeons. There were stone walls to make you think it
was a dungeon.

The art here was much different There were pictures of nude women being hung,
whipped, burned at the stake, and even one where a woman spreadeagled on a table
was being sawed in two lengthwise by two men with a crosscut saw. I shuddered at
the look of agony on her face as the saw was dragged through her pussy and
stomach.

I said,"God. That picture makes me feel sick."

"It is just fantasy dear. No-one does that anymore unless you happen to live in
the mid east."

We went from one device to another while he explained how it worked. I needed no
explanation for the whipping posts and gallows.  One thing looked really out of
place. It was a large dog house. I giggled and said, Do you keep your dog down
here?

"Not hardly. It is a very inventive torture device. I'll show you. Straddle the
top of it."

He helped me climb up and I settled down on it. I said, The shingles are kind of
scrachy but it isn't bad."

He grinned and said, "It hasn't started yet."

He pushed a button and the peak of the roof between my legs began folding
downward to leave an open space between my legs. He began turning a crank and I
saw a board with sharp nails moving close to my pussy. I panicked and jumped off
the roof."

He said, Normally your hands would be tied behind you and weights attached to
your ankles so you couldn't jump off."

By then the board was level with the roof and I saw the nails were about an inch
and a half long. I shuddered and said, "That would tear a poor girl's pussy to
shreds."

"Only if you moved. If you stay still there are only punctures but women seem to
have a hard time staying still. Especially when their butts and breasts are
being spanked with this."

He held up a ping pong paddle that had gobs of thumbtacks glued to it."

I shuddered and said,"It would be impossible to stay still with that hitting
you."

"Exactly. Now I have to meet our guests so I will take you to the auditorium."

We went back up and he led me to another huge room. A few other guests had
arrived and were helping themselves from big tables next to the wall that had
just about every kind of food and drink imaginable.

He said,"Help yourself while I meet guests."

We had eaten before we left but everything looked so good I put some delicasies
on a crystal plate and poured myself a glass of champagne.

I looked around. People were standing around making small talk and it would have
seemed like a regular party except for me and Mom being naked and another woman
in just leather harness.

Dad saw me and came over to put a chain around my waist with ten gold plated
medals. I took one off to see it had the inscription August 2001 engraved in it.

Dad said, "People collect these things so you will be asked to do some pretty
horrendous things."

Then he took the chain from between my legs and pulled it up to drive it in my
pussy slit and the crack of my ass. A link was pressing on my clit and another
on my anus.

I said,"This is going to feel wild when I walk."

"Yeah. If you are lucky people will leave it in when they spank your pussy. It
will protect your clit and asshole."

I thought that was a great idea. I asked, "Where is Mom?"

"She is an eager beaver she is over in the corner giving a guy a blowjob even
though you don't have to do anything until the party officially starts at 9:30."

I looked at my watch and saw I had ten minutes to drink and look around. I went
over to watch Mom and saw it was not just a simple blowjob. She was bent over
and the guy was pinching her nipples to pull her boobs to her armpits. I saw the
nipples stretched to the max which had to hurt. She was sucking like crazy
trying to get him to cum soon so her nipples would be released. Suddenly he
grunted and dropped her tits to push back her head to squirt cum in her face. It
was super humiliating and was made worse when he scraped the cum off her face
with his finger to feed it to her.

She went to the goodie table to get a napkin to wipe her face. I said. "Mom you
don't have to do anything till nine-thirty. "

"I know. I thought I would start out with a simple blowjob."

"Not that simple. It looked like he was going to rip your nipples off."

"Yeah it felt like it too. I am going to get a drink."

She went to the drink table while I wandered around.  The place was beginning to
fill up and now I saw more costumes. Some silly ones like Little Bo Peep, and
school girls, and a lot of leather. One guys leather pants were cut away to let
his cock and balls hang out. He had a big ring imbedded in the head of his cock
and several rings in his scrotum. 

I said to the woman next to me, "He looks like the winner of the costume
competition."

"No he wears that same outfit every month and likes to be whipped. There is your
winner."

She pointed at a beautiful tall girl. She was wearing nothing but three leather
triangles held to her body by safety pins imbedded in her skin. It was easy to
see it had been freshly done by little rivulets of blood drying on her skin. the
point of the triangle at her crotch was held in blace by a huge safety pin that
went through both lips.

Nothing else special was happening. People were eating and drinking as if at a
convention with nothing much to look forward to.

The butler came in to the room dragging a train of those baggage carts used in
hotels. People began taking offf their clothes to hang them on it. I was glad to
see it. It was really embarassing to be naked while everybody else had clothes.
It would help to have others naked too.

Then a big gong rang and Mr. Dilly stepped out on the stage holding a portable
microphone. He said,"Welcome to Dilly Manor. You all know the rules no cutting
with knives or other sharp instruments and whipping will cease at first running
blood. Other wise you are on your own.  The dungeon is available to anyone who
wishes to use it." People started moving to the door.

" Laura has won the costume contest she will whip a loser picked by lot every
half hour starting at ten. Good luck."

The girl with the triangles waved her arns in triumph.

He stepped off the stage and came directly to me. He said, "I want to stretch
you on the rack and whip your pussy with a flogger."

I knd of liked the stretch from being hung and a flogger didn't seem bad.
Besides I wanted to watch other people in the dungeon. I said,"Okay."

We went to the dungeon  and a girl was sitting on the doghouse. I said, "Can I
watch this before my whipping?"

He said,"Yes I think I would like to watch too."

The man grunted as he lifted a heavy weight to clamp on her ankle. She whimpered
as it pulled her to one side then he put on the other and I saw her pussy was
jammed into the roof so hard a hrizontal wrinkle formed at the top of her slit.
He pressed the button to make the roof fallaway and she began to cry,"I'm sorry.
I won't do it again."

He said, "It is too late for apologies."

He began turning the crank and she began to chant"No,no." as the points got
closer.They touched the lips and she strained to lift herself as the points
indented the lips then went in causing an agonized scream. They kept rising and
blood began dripping on the board then a flow. I said, "I thought you said no
blood."

"That is upstairs. There are no rules here. No problem, we have a doctor."

He brought the points to the limit and started beating her with the paddle. It
was brutal he turned her ass and tits into hamburger while she jerked on the
points. Finally she let out a gasp and fainted falling forward to drive a point
deeper into her clit.

Mr. Dilly went to the wall and pushed a button. By the time the points were
cranked back down and the weights taken off two guys with a stretcher ran in.
They loaded her on it and hrried out with her dripping blood.

I said, Why would any girl agree to that."

He looked at me curiously and said, "These girls are slaves. They have no
choice, Now lets get you fixed up."

I had reservations with no rules but followed him. He dragged the chain out of
my pussy so my clit lost protection then had me lie on a wide table. He buckled
padded cuffs on my ankles. I said, "That is a nice touch. My ankles won't be
chafed while my joints are ripped open."

He grinned and said,"I like you. Not only are you beautiful but you have a sense
of humor."

He lifted my butt to put it on a stool to make my pussy point up then put cuffs
on my wrists. He went to the wall. I heard a whirring sound and clanking as the
chain on my wrists tightened then I felt myself being dragged with the stool
dragging along. the chains at my ankles stopped me and now I heard popping
noises as my vertebra opened and my hip and shoulder joints dislocated. I began
to scream "Stop!" fearing my arms would be ripped off.

he stopped the winch as I sobbed then said,"Look in the nirror. You just lost
twenty pounds."  

I looked in the mirror on the ceiling. I looked anorexic. My waist had shrunk to
nothing,You could see all my ribs not hidden by my tits and my hip bones
stretched the skin. Even my pussy slit seemed longer.

He began hitting me hard. I screamed as he hit it over and over. I morbidly
watched the mirror seeing my poor pussy squirm and redden. I was so tight I
couldn't even quiver. It began to turn marroon then purple as I prayed to faint
but if anything blood pounded in my head.

Finally he said, "That is the shade I was looking for."

I had closed my eyes I now opened them to see through my tears my purple pussy."

He went to the wall and pushed another button the whir started but now the
chains were loosening. I felt my joints settling back  and then I was loose
enough for him to unbuckle the cuffs.  He took out the stool and I rolled over
to get off the rack. When I tried to stand to get as far as I could from the
dungeon I found I was too weak and sat back on the table.

He helped me up and put my arm around his shoulders to half walk half drag me to
the elevaor. He pushed a button but when the door was open I saw not the hall we
had entered but an elaborate bedroom. He said,"I am going to let you rest
awhile."

I moaned, "Thank you.'

But then he added,"Once you have rested I am going to fuck your brains out."

I couldn't imagine having anyone pounding on my sore bruised pussy. I didn't say
anything I just held out one of my medals.

He laughed and said,"You are funny. Those things are worthless to me." He was
still chuckling as he went into the elevator. I was so exhausted I fell back on
the bed and went to sleep.

He woke me by rubbing an tall icy cold glass of whisky and water on my pussy. He
may have thought it would feel good but actually I was so tender it hurt. When
he saw my eyes snap open he gave me the glass. My mouth was dry from all the
screaming so I drank it gratefully.

He began taking off his clothes. I whimpered as I caressed my poor puffy pussy.
I could see it in the mirror in the ceiling it was a kind of maroon color and
had swollen. I said plaintively, "You aren't going to fuck me are you. I am so
sore."

"No. I am not going to fuck you. Get up and follow me."

He led me over to a pillory with the top board open showing the round holes for
my neck and wrists. I whined, "Please don't beat me anymore."

"I am not going to beat you. Put your neck and wrists in the holes."

I did wondering what he was going to do. He lowered the top board to lock it and
I was trapped. Then he pulled my legs open and snapped my ankles into shackles
at the base.

He walked to my front and held his dick to my lips and said, "Suck it."

I was relieved it was just a blow job. I licked and sucked greedily hoping to
get him off fast so I could be released but as soon as it was real hard he took
it out and said, "I told you I wasn't going to fuck you. I am not I am going to
rape you with this."

He put his dick through the hole in an oblong piece of leather. It had dull
spikes sticking out of it. I knew they would not puncture me but with my pussy
so sore they would really hurt.  I chanted "No no." over and over while he
cranked down the headpiece to lower me and push out my pussy.

He went behind me and jammed his dick into my dry pussy as deep as he could. The
spikes hit every bit of my pussy making me scream in pain. He kept that up
pulling out to jam back in seemingly forever as tears streamed down my face.

Finally he came and pulled out to release me. My pussy was so sore I had to walk
with my legs open so it would not rub on my thighs. He took me back to the
auditorium and let me go, He said, "You  don't have to wait for a meeting. You
can come visit me anytime."

I thought there was no way in Hell I would but I said "Ok."

I walked around looking for Mom. When anyone saw my tortured pussy it inspired
them to want to stick pins in it or spank it so I spent the time handing out
medals. I found Mom lying face up on a bench with a woman sitting on her face
while the husband or boyfriend spanked Mom's pussy with a strap.  She was
fondling the womans tits and shaking her head rapidly in an obvious effort to
make the woman cum so the spanking would stop.

They finally left her and I said, "I went with Mr. Dilly. He is really mean."

"Oh God I should have told you to just give him a medal. He is the most evil
person here."

I noticed she only had two medals left and said,"It looks like you ran into some
mean people too."

"Yes I don't want to be scarred and some people wanted to burn my tits or pussy
with candle flame or cigarettes. Since I am getting so low on medals I have had
to accept some pretty bad stuff but for some things I came."

I said,"I haven't yet. There has been too much pain."

"Oh. There is still some time."

We wandered off and  I saw Laura and Little Bo Peep going up on the stage.
Laura's leather patch's were gone replaced by clamps on her nipples and pussy
with weights. The clamps were padded though so I knew they didn't hurt her and
just stretched the nipples and cunt lips.

Evidentally Bo Peep liked to do a slow strip because she was wearing gobs of
clothes. About the time she got to shirtwaist and pantaloons a guy came to me
and said, "I want to butt fuck you while you are wearing these on your nipples."
He was holding up some spring clamps with pear shaped weights. The clamps had
plastic pads and I knew they wouldn't hurt bad and my asshole was only bruised
by the spikes so I agreed.

He turned out to be a nice guy. He took out a tube of KY jelly and spread it on
his dick then had me bend over to clamp on the weights. They stretched the
nipples and made my round boobs cone shaped but it didn't hurt bad.
He went behind me and began slowly pushing his dick in my ass just as Peep was
naked and Laura said, "I am going to whip that fat ass bloody. Go to the cross."

Peep just grinned at her and went to an X shaped frame and defiantly turned her
back to it and pressed her wrists against steel manacles. They snapped shut and
she spread her legs to snap her ankles into the clamps at the end of the cross.

The guy behind me began to pump making my weights swing and then reached around
to stroke my clit with his finger. I was sure he would make me cum if he lasted
long enough.

Laura hit Peep on the boobs then the pussy. The flogger made her squeal and made
her red but no welts.Laura took about twenty seconds between lashes.

By the eighteenth I was on the virge of orgasm and I think Peep was too. The
last two were underhand directly on her pussy. I think she came. It is hard to
tell the difference between hard pain and orgasm. I knew I did.

The guys took off the weights that had made my tits sway and I thanked him.  He
gave me a deep kiss and walked away.

Then Laura came to me and said,"Whipping that bitch made me hot. Eat my pussy."

I am totally heretosexual but at least that wouldnt hurt so I agreed.

I got on my knees and she spread her legs and grabbed the back of my head to
pull my mouth to her pussy. There was kind of a musky smell but not unpleasant
so I spread the lips of her pussy and began fluttering my tongue on her clit.
She was marvelously responsive in seconds her juices were dripping from my chin.
She said, "Tongue. Stick it in deep."

I did and she began twisting my head spreading her juices to both of my cheeks.
Then she did a great thing. She stuck her big toe in my pussy and wiggled it
against my clit. I came before she did. When she did she said,"You are a great
cuntlapper."

I had mixed feelings about that. Being called a cuntlapper was humiliating but
it was nice to know I was good at it.

When I got up I noticed my pussy wasn't hurting anymore. It was still throbbing
but that wasn't unpleasant.

A little later a guy came to me and said,"I want to hit your pussy with the new
toy I made It is just leather boot laces. I think it may get you off.

He handed it to me. He had braided eight laces to make a handle. They seemed
light and soft. I had not run into the candle people yet and only had three
medals left so I agreed.

He took me up on the stage and had me lie on a bench. He buckled my arms staight
out behind my head then buckled my ankles. I was puzzled. My legs were tight
together so he would only be able to hit my pubic bone area.

Then I found the bench was hinged under my ass. he pulled my legs open while it
made a clicking sound like a racket wrench. When he was satisfied just the upper
part of my ass was on the bench and my pussy was totally exposed. Then he took
some little clamps attached to tiny bungee cord. He put three clamps on each lip
then stretched the cords to hook them to the bench. The mirror on the ceiling
showed me that now my inner lips and clit was exposed and I began to worry.

He went to the front of the stage and yelled,"Come see my new toy."

People began gathering around me

He wnt between my legs and said,"I know I am only allowed ten but you may want
more so I will hit until you say stop."

I resolved to count to make sure I wouldn't get more than ten.

He hit right down the center of my slit. It stung but not horrendously and I
just grunted. He smiled and began hitting again about a second apart my cunt
stung more and began feeling hot but it was not unbearable. Suddenly there were
hands all over me squeezing and caressing my breasts and nipples and pulling on
the skin at my pubic bone to expose my clit even more. I lost count. I don't
know how many times he hit but I began going from one orgasm to another each
stronger than the last. I became exhausted and said hoarsely, "Stop."

He said, "I bet you didn't guess she would go to thirty-three. Get them while
they last. Thirty bucks."

He sold six of them on the spot. I really felt used.

My pussy was hot and stinging but not too bad. When I was released I went to the
drink table and gulped down two glasses of ice water a shot of whisky then
another glass.

One woman came to me wanting to burn my nipples. I gave her a medal.

Then a guy came that wanted to burn my pussy. I gave him a medal then realized I
only had one left. I would have to save that for something horrendous.

Two guys came to me and  one said, "I have a gambling game for you. You will
suck my buddy's cock while I cane your ass one every twenty seconds. The minute
he comes I will stop."

I am really good at sucking cock and can deepthroat so thought I may get off
with only three or four strokes so I agreed.

His buddy stood in front of me so I bent over to lick and run my tongue around
the head of hid dick to get him hard. It took a surprisingly long time before it
was hard and he stuck it in my mouth just as a terrible pain hit both cheeks and
drove me to his pubic hair. He said,"You are in deep shit. I have cum four
times."

I gave him the best blowjob I could swirling my tongue on the head and shaft
then in my thoat to swallow tightening my throat muscles on it. He grunted and
groaned but just wouldn't cum. Meanwhile my ass was on fire from the cane.
Finally he did but by then my ass was so sore I knew it would be bruised for a
week.

Suddenly a gong rang and Mr. Dilly said, "The session is over but yu may stay as
long as you want."

Mom and Dad came to me and Dad said,"I am beat. Let's go home.Anymore and I will
fall asleep at the wheel."

We got our coats and left. My ass was so sore I laid in the back on my stomach
all the way home.

We were so whipped and fucked out we didn't do anything for two weeks except
swim and sunbathe.

We started again but nothing real bad. Dad bought one of the bootlace whips and
I said,"God Dad. I could have made that thing for five bucks."

He said,"I know but seeing you rocked by orgasms made me buy it."

I hadn't seen him watching but I couldn't see well anyway with everything going
on.

Anyway. That is how I spent my summer vacation. I go to my new job next.

end part ten




                        DEIDRE 11

I arrived at my new job at Boyleston Prep for boys a few days early. It was
everything I had dreamed of. The campus was beautiful and it was easy to see why
they could afford to pay me a salary nearly twice as much as offers I had
received from regular public schools.

Not only that I was provided with a nice apartment at a very reasonable price.

I was putting my things away in the beautiful built in cabinets and closets when
the Headmaster came to call.

I was a little embarrassed since I was just wearing short shorts and a halter
when I answered the door but it didn't seem to bother him.

He was a distinguished man about fifty-five with graying hair and wearing an
obviously expensive suit.

I apologized for my dress explaining that it was very warm and I didn't expect
visitors.

He said, "That is no problem. How you dress at home is no-ones business.
Actually I am glad you are dressed this way since one of the reasons we hired
you is because the recruiter said you were attractive. You are replacing a
teacher who had wonderful credentials but unfortunately was a little homely and
dressed in unattractive loose and long dresses. You must realize our boys are at
the age where their hormones are raging. They ignored the homely teacher so we
wanted someone who could keep their attention like our Miss Brooks. She is proud
of her flat stomach and dresses to show it off. You may think it is strange we
encourage our teachers to flaunt their bodies but the boys have a short
attention span so we believe in trying anything to keep their attention. Of
course we can't force you to dress in a sexy manner but you should remember that
if they do not do well it is your responsibility."

I could hardly believe he was encouraging me to tease them but it would be fun
to watch them drool so I said, "Actually I too am proud of my body and won't
mind if they enjoy seeing me."

"Good. Keep in mind this is strictly a look but don't touch experiment and is
limited to costumes worn by girls in public or the beach. As you may know
cohabitation with students is both illegal and grounds for dismissal.

"Oh I understand. I am just to keep their attention but nothing coarse."

"Yes exactly. Would you mind dressing in a typical costume you may wear so I can
see if it would be suitable?"

I agreed and decided to put on one of my short blouses that exposed my navel and
a short skirt."

When I came out he said,"You look nice. Now raise your arms above your head."

I did and he said,"The blouse could be a little shorter.We have no objection in
them seeing your stomach up to the bottom of your bra.Now bend over as if
picking something off the floor."

I did and he said, "I am glad I checked. The thong panties are too much. Just
wear standard panties. Now bend over facing me."

I did and he said, "That is fine. Your bra hides your nipples so you show no
more than they see on MTV. Actually you may consider a push up bra. Do you have
some of those?"

I said, "Yes. Would you like to see one?"

"Yes that would be good so I can see if it would be suitable."

I went to the bedroom and put on a black one that barely showed the edges of my
nipples. He said he wanted to see the bra so I left off the blouse and went out
to him.

I was pleased to see a lump forming in his pants as he said, "Yes that is very
good. Raise your arms above your head and take a deep breath."

I did feeling my nipples slipping out of the top of the bra. He smiled but said,
"That is a little too much so try to remember not to take a deep breath when
your arms are up. Now lean over as if you were picking something off the floor."

I did and he said with some disappointment, "Yes the bra hugs you so that is
acceptable. I told Miss brooks that she should meet you to give you a tour and
talk to you about teaching. She will be over at about two PM. Thank you for your
cooperation."

Miss Brooks,Sue, showed up at two. I could see I would have some tough
competition. She looked something like Brittney Spears and dressed accordingly
with a bare midriff nearly to her pubic bone.

She was real cheerful and bubbly saying, "You will love it here the boys are
nice and smart so they are easy to teach.I hope you won't be embarassed by their
staring. I like it they make me feel like a star. Now let me give you a tour."

She showed me the Olympic sized pool, the tennis courts, and horse stables
explining the parents didn't care for rough sports like football. I love to swim
and play tennis and was glad to hear I could use all the facilities after
school.

She said teaching is great here there are only ten or eleven boys in the class
and you don't have to prepare a lecture. The boys read the chapter assigned and
you just answer any questions they may have. You will have to do some research
since their questions often aren't in the book. For instance I teach psychology
and have learned a lot since the boys are most interested in abnormal psychology
especially in sexual perversions. Incidentally did you know some women enjoy
being whipped and spanked and humiliated. I can't imagine that but I seem to
fall in the exhibitionist category."

I faked a shudder and said,"I can't imagined being whipped either." but I felt
myself getting a little wet thinking about it.

She went on, "I understand you will be teaching history. It sounds boring to me
but knowing the boys you had better research a lot when you get to the
witchcraft trials,and the inquizition because the book just brushes over it and
they will want details. Also I understand the Indians captured white women and
tortured them. They will probably want to know all about that too. They have a
wonderful library with a lot of stuff on the computer so you should have no
problem."

"We both have to finish unpacking so I will let you get on with it.Come to the
cafeteria at six for dinner and I will introduce you to the other teachers."

"Cafeteria" was an understatement. It was like a fine restaurant with rugs, fine
linen tablecloths, beautiful silverware, and dishes. There was a menu on the
table with three entrees, various vegetables, salads and desserts. As usual I
was a little early and Sue joined me a few minutes later followed by the other
eight teachers. All the teachers had some things in common. They were all pretty
with good figures and dressed sexily. I noticed that a bra and panties were not
necessary if the costume fit snugly showing the bumps of nipples and the little
puffiness of the vagina. We were joined by Laura and June.

I said,"I can't believe how lucky I am to find this job. This place is beautiful
and the salary is great."

Sue said, "Yes and there are a lot of perks. You have free access to the tennis
courts, swimming pool, horses, and the golf club. In addition we get a three
week vacation in a place they have on the beach in Mexico. It is beautiful."

June said,"The reason we get the three week paid vacation is because we don't
get the three months off regular teachers do since there is summer school for
kids who need to be caught up and for special subjects not in the regular
curriculum."

I said, "I don't care. Working here is better than any vacation I have had."

Laura said, "It is not all wonderful. We are essentially owned by the boys. If
we don't keep them happy we can get a bad report card that will bring punishment
or even dismissal and they can make you feel very humiliated at times."

I said, "They are just boys and naturally curious. From the poses the Headmaster
had me assume I am sure they will be happy with flashes."

"Well maybe at first since you have first year students. Just don't encourage
them.The more you show the more they will want to see."

I said, There is little danger of that. The way I was told to dress will keep
them from seing any more than my panties."

"That dosn't mean anything. Your door is closed and the Headmaster will knock
and wait for one of the boys to open the door which gives you time to cover up.
I spend most of the days topless now to avoid a bad report card."

Feigning horror I said. I won'tgo that far. What is the report card?"

"At the end of the quarter the boys fill out a report card grading your teaching
skill, and ability to hold their interest. A "C' average will just get you a
lecture to improve but "D"s or "F's can get you a caning."

"I thought caning was now illegal."

It is for the boys but not for teachers.I had it happen to me once. It is very
humiliating and painful. Believe me I improved."

The thought thrilled me and I said,"Tell me about the caning. I have been caned
and I know it hurts."

"It is awful. You are taken to the gym where you have to take off your clothes
and bend over a railing to be caned in front of everyone at the school.I think
the worst part is that the boys cheer at each stroke and yell to make it harder.
You feel betrayed since you tried so hard to make them happy."

"You didn't have to do it. You could have resigned."

"It isn't that easy. First of all you would never find a job with all the perks
we have and you get a bad reccomendation. One girl that quit has been looking
for another job for a year. I talked to her, she is working at a fast food place
now and is very unhappy. She said she offered to come back and accept the caning
but her position was filled so the Headmaster told her that even if she did the
only thing he would promise is to consider her if a job opens up. She is
thinking about it."

"But surely she could complain to the authorities."

"For what? You agreed in your contract that you would accept corporal punishment
for bad performance."

"Oh I didn't see that."

"None of us did. It is buried in all the legalese."

"Oh wow!"

Sue said, "You can keep their interest without humiliating yoourself. They love
field trips and projects.In your history course you could have them make a tepee
and in your last class in creative writing and video you can keep them busy
writing a screen play and making a video."

"That is a good idea. It could keep them busy all quarter."

Sue said. "Yes. they are not that hard to please. Since I look a little like
Brittny Spears they were happy last quarter to just have me dance and lip sync
her songs in costumes they design."

Then she blushed and said,"Even Brittney may have been embarassed by some of the
costumes."

I said,"Unfortunately I don't look like any of the popular singers."

"No but you are smart or you wouldn't be here. You will think of something."

For the first couple of weeks I held their interest with just poses and bending
over in front of them to pick up their homework for grading but then they began
to lose interest and began talking among themselves.I decided to up it a notch
by loosening my bra straps. Looking in the mirror I saw that bared me to my
nipples. That worked for a while then they began losing interest again so I
tucked my panties into my butt crack to bare my cheeks. That renewed their
interest but brought an embarassing question from one of the boys who said, "You
have a really nice butt. Has it ever been spanked?"

I blushed and admitted my Dad had spanked it when I was younger and naughty.

"Really? Tell us about it."

"There is not much to tell. He just had me bend over the back of the couch and
spanked it with his leather strap."

"Did he take down your panties to spank it bare?"

I blushed and said,"The strap would not sting on top of clothes so he did but it
was okay since he was my Dad and had seen it before."

"Oh wow! How did that feel?"

"It stung and turned my butt red but the stinging went away in a few minutes so
It was better than other punishments like being grounded."

"How old were you when he stopped doing it."

"Until I left for college."

"You were fully developed by then. Did he ever do it when you were naked?"

This was going too far so I said,"I think we have exhausted this subject. Since
we are studying Indians I have a project for you after classes.. I want you to
make something authentically Indian like a teepee or wickiup. When it is done
you will get extra credit."

Sue was right. They immediately began making drawings of things in their
notebooks. I thought that would keep them busy for a week.

They hadn't forgotten the spanking. The next day one of the boys said,"We have
never seen a girl get spanked. We want you to get a strap like your Dad used and
let us spank you."

I was afraid what that may lead to so I said,"I don't think so. That would be
painful and humiliating and I am sure the Headmaster would not approve."

"You don't think so? You are the one who got us interested so you should let us
learn. You don't want a bad report card do you.The Headmaster will never know."

I realized I was trapped. I whimpered,"Why do you want to hurt me. I have tried
to please you."

"It is your fault. You got us interested. Are you going to do it or not?"

I whimpered,"I guess I have no choice."

He said exultantly, "Right! Now take off your panties and tuck the hem of your
skirt into the waist band so we can see how you will look tomorrow."

I whimpered,"Do I have to?" knowing asking the question rather than simply
refusing implied I would comply.

He said, "Yes you do."

I let out a little sob and turned my back to them to take off the panties and
tuck in the hem of my skirt. That encouraged them to have me come close to them
so they could fondle my butt and make comments like, "Tomorrow this snowy white
butt will be cherry red."

I became alarmed and whimpered, "You won't hit real hard will you?"

The boy who had started this said, "No. Just three spanks each just hard enough
to make it red."

That didn't sound too bad. Thirty easy spanks would be a lot easier than other
things that had happened to me.

At lunch I confessed what had happened to Sue. She had no sympathy saying, "You
dummy. When they asked me I told them I had never been spanked. You should have
known that would make them curious. You are stuck now. You had better hope it
doesn't lead to something worse."

After class I found a soft leather strap at a leather store about two inches
wide and a couple of feet long.

In spite of my fear I laid in bed that night and rubbed the strap on my body and
perversely became so excited I masturbated myself to sleep.

end part 11




                            DEIDRE 12

The next day I wore a loose skirt so when the hem was tucked in the front would
hang down to hide my pussy and I tightened my bra straps to keep my boobs from
swaying to avoid interest in them.

When the boys came into class they saw the strap laying on my desk and
immediately began chatting excitedly with each other.

The boy who had started this stood up and said, "We have been discussing this.
Although you did not admit it we are sure your Dad would have made you get naked
once you had developed boobs so we agreed you should be spanked while nude."

This was much more than I had prepared myself for so I said emphatically, "I
can't. The Headmaster told me I shouldn't let my nipples or private parts be
seen. He could catch me and I would be fired."

"You have already disobeyed him by showing us your nipples and bare butt
cheeks."

"Yes but I would be hidden while standing."

"It is irrevalent. Both the Headmaster and his assistant are away for a
conference. Now take off your clothes nice and slow. We want to be teased."

I sobbed then began removing them. There was one consolation. They stared
approvingly as my big boobs were slowly bared and someone said,"She is
beautiful" and others sighed, "Yeah." to make me feel proud.

I hesitated at my panties realizing my hairless pussy would make me totally
naked but continued when someone said, "Panties. Lose the panties."

I slowly pulled them down to my kees and let them drop to the floor. I stood
there blushing all down my front as a boy said, "Oh wow! I have never seen a
hairless pussy before." another said, "Only in pictures" a third said, "She
looks like my little sister." making me wonder how he had seen her.

I turned to bend over my desk with my legs together to hide but I heard, "We
have time for that. Turn around again. We have some poses we want you to do."

They had me pose bent over to waggle my breasts and open my legs. It was
embarrassing but it also made me proud that they thought I was beautiful.Even
that was not enough for them. they had me come to them to lift my breasts
marvelling at how heavy they were and fondling my pussy commenting how soft and
smooth it was. All the hands on me excited me which made me feel guilty so I was
almost relieved when I heard, "It is time for the spanking."

The boy who had started it all picked up the strap and had me lean over the desk
to hold on to the edge while the other boys gathered around me to view from all
angles. One even laid on the floor on his back between my legs.

The first spank came unexpectedly and I jumped and shuddered at the sharp sting.
The boy under me yelled, "that made her tits jump and her pussy wink. Keep her
dancing."

They did quickly passing the strap to the next in line to keep me in constant
motion as pain enveloped my entire behind.

There was a pause and someone yelled, "This is great! Her dance is sexier than
Miss Brook's." another said, "Yeah but this isn't hurting her much. She isn't
crying. Hit her inner thighs. According to stuff I read on the internet that is
a lot more sensitive."

A couple of them jerked my legs apart and they began hitting there barely
missing my pussy. The pain became intense making tears roll down my cheeks as I
twisted and gasped at the pain. They had no sympathy only yelling. "Yeah! That
is working."

Finally I heard, "That is thirty." I stood up and began rubbing my inflamed butt
to stop the sting but someone said, "Move your hands out of the way.I wsant to
see it glowing."

I whimpered, "Rubbing helps lessen the sting."

Someone said, "We'll do that for you."

Suddenly there were hands on both buttt cheeks and my thighs. It really felt
good and I moaned and opeed my legs more to let them rub all the stinging inner
thighs. Suddenly a hand was on my pussy and he said,"She loves this rubbing. Her
pussy is getting wet." Another said, "Great! Let's see if we can make her cum."

then fingers pulled the lips of my pussy open to get fingers inside and on my
clit while other fingers pinched and pulled on my nipples. In moments I was
panting and shuddering as orgasms raced trough my body.

Then I was ashamed to hear, "God. What a slut! A normal girl would be dying of
shame but she has orgasms."

That hurt my feelings and I sobbed, "I am not a slut. Any girl would become
excited from all the rubbing."

"Really? We are going to have to do this with the other teachers."

Now I really felt guilty having encouraged them to torture other teachers.The
bell rang and they left me crying and dressing myself to hide my shame."

At the next class I didn't flash at all not caring they became bored.

At lunch Sue asked, "How did it go?"

"Oh Sue it was awful. They made me get naked and gave me thirty spanks.I am
really sore."

"Naked? Didn't you tell them the Heamaster said your private parts had to be
covered?"

"Yes but they said he was away at conference and wouldn't know."

"You dummy. It is still the rule and if you had refused they couldn't have
forced you. Now you have set a precedence but you can still refuse at least
during classes. Field trips will be another story since you can't get caught."

I sniffled and said, "I haven't told you the worst part.After the spanking they
rubbed my sore butt and thighs and it felt so good I got excited."

"Excited? How excited?"

"As much as possible. I had orgasms."

"Oh shit. You are in trouble. Did they know?"

"Uh huh.they called me a slut and I told them I wasn't and any girl would get
excited from all the rubbing."

"You bitch! Now we will all be presured to get naked and be fondled. You
deserved the pain and a lot more!"

"I know. I feel so guilty."

"Well it is too late now. We will just have to hope for the best but as we speak
your class is spreading the word. The other teachers and I will have to stand
our ground but you may have have the other teachers very angry with you. I know
I am."

I could only say, "I'm sorry."

At my last class the boys were barely seated when Bob a boy who influenced the
others stood up and said, "We understand your first class got to see you naked.
We want to see you that way too."

I cringed and said," That was a mistake. The boys said they would give me a bad
report card if I didn't do what they wanted. I know now that I only have to go
to the Headmaster and tell him what is happening."

"Really? Who do you think he will believe. Ten boys that are paying him twelve
thousand each to go here or a slut he knows is willing to show her body."

He was right I remembered how easily I showed the Headmaster my nipples and
thong panties. He would surely believe them.

I whimpered, "Do I have to take off everything?"

"Yes everything even the shoes and socks."

I let out a little sob hating myself for getting into this predicament and took
off my shoes and socks, my blouse and skirt and finally my bra and panties to
stand there ashamed with my head down not able to face all those staring eyes.

He told me to kneel and I did crossing my arms to hide my nipples with my hands
over my pussy. I suppose I knew he would not allow that but his sharp command to
open my legs and put my hands behind my back startled me.I did it quickly in
fear he would hit me.

He reached down and pinched my nipple between his thumb and forefinger to pull
it out and use it to lift and pull my breast up and sideways while I gasped and
whimpered. He let go of it only to grab my pussy in his fist to lift me as high
as I could get on my knees.

He said, "You shave your pussy. Only sluts shave their pussies."

I whined,"No. I shave it so hair won't show around my bikini."

"Bullshit. You are a slut. Say you are a slut."

Tears rolled down my cheeks in humiliation as I whimpered, "I am a slut."

"Yes you are our little slave slut. Say what you are."

It was true my averice and stupidity  had made me their toy to do with as they
wished unless I wanted to spend the rest of my life saying, "Do you want fries
with these."

I sobbed,"I am your slave slut."

"Right. Your teasing has given us hardons and balls that ached.You will fix that
problem now. Open your mouth."

I said, "No. If I do that everyone will be sure I am a slut."

"We won't tell anyone. Now open your mouth before I pinch off your nipple.

I did and he opened his pants and jammed his dick in my mouth. He grabbed my
hair and used it to push and pull on my head fucking my face. When he came he
jerked me into him jamming his dick into my throat to make me struggle in a
futile efoort to get air. When he pulled it out I only had seconds to suck in
precious air until the next boy stuck his dick in my mouth. that went on for all
ten boys and I was nauseous from all the cum I had drunk and the smell of it on
my face and breasts.

They just left me there totally humiliated while they walked out the door
laughing and clapping wach other on the back or giving high fives.They had used
me as if I had no feelings like one of their video games.

I scrambled for the box of tissue to wipe myself off but I didn't feel clean
until I got home and showered for a long time. I put on a robe and laid on my
bed hating myself for being so stupid. None of the other teachers were in my
position because they followed the rules by only going so far. My perverse
desire to tease them to see their dicks making tents of their pants knowing they
were suffering from the need to fuck me had led me to this. I had made them
suffer so now they would make me suffer which I had to admit was justice.

My doorbell rang and I hesitated to answer it thinking it may be the boys but it
rang again letting me know whoever it was was not going away so I answered it.

It was Sue and Laura and the other teachers. They all looked angry. I let them
in and Laura said angrily, "You little bitch! Thanks to you all the boys in our
classes demanded that we get naked. We all refused so now we are going to get
bad report cards."

Sue broke in to say, "Actually I didn't totally refuse. I made a concession. I
took off my top and tucked my panties into my asscrack to pose for them."

Laura said,"Damnit Sue. One concession just leads to another. You will see.
Tomorrow they will tell you to take off the panties. Our only hope is to meet
with the Headmaster Monday and let him know what is happening so he can ignore
the report cards. Tomorrow as an act of defiance we will all wear sweaters or
blouses buttined to the neck and our longest skirts."

I said, "Oh I agree about the meeting but the boys will not like us dressed that
way. We will get bad report cards for sure."

"Duh. We will get bad report cards anyway if we don't get naked. We don't need
your input. If it wern't for you we would not be in this fix. You should be
punished severely."

I hung my head in shame and sobbed, "I agree."

Laura looked at me strangely and said, "You agree you should be punished?"

I sobbed, "Yes. This is all my fault."

Lucy said,"She deserves it. Let's cane her."

Jane said, "That is too simple. Since she likes to show off let's take her to
the new construction site and tie her to the scaffolding naked and throw mud at
her. The mud there is real gross. It is where the horse stables were. Her body
can become as dirty as her mind."

Joan said, "I like that idea but it won't hurt much. After the mud throw I think
she should be whipped especially on those big tits she is so proud of."

Sue said, "The boys may like us better if we let them do it."

Laura said, "Good idea. We can tell them it is to make up for us not getting
naked, but we don't have a whip."

Mary said, "No but I have an old leather coat that reaches to my ankles I
planned to throw away. We could cut three strips out of the back to braid a
whip."

Joan said, "I like that but she should have to braid the whip. I think she
should do it in class while the boys do their test questions."

Jane said, "Great idea. She should do it naked."

Laura said,"No. we want to empathise the fact there will be no nudity in the
classrooms. She will be stripped for the walk to the scaffold."

I sobbed, "This is too cruel to make me make the whip that will hurt me and the
boys watching me making it will make them crazy."

Joan said, "She has a point. If all the crazed boys whip her she could end up in
the hospital. I suggest we limit it to say fifty lashes which is what whores got
in early America and pick a boy to do it."

Sue said, "Why don't we have a lottery. The boys that want to whip her can put
their names in a basket and at the end of classes she can pick a name at random.
If she happens to pick a muscular boy it will be her fault."

I sobbed, "This is a joke isn't it? You wouldn't really do that to me."

Laura said, "This could solve the problem. The boys will know that the rest of
us do not approve of what you did and the punishment should make them understand
why you won't do it again. You can trade a few minutes of pain and humiliation
for months of it."

Although a few minutes of pain seeemed an understatement this kind of made sense
So I sobbed, "I guess I have to do it."

Laura said,"Good girl."  and the others camr over to hug me and thank me.I was
accepted again and I felt a little proud when a couple told me how courageous I
was to suffer for all of them.

Laura said, "We have preparations to do. Mary can cut the coat into two inch
strips, Jane can go to the hardware store to get a ring to put through the
strips for a starting point. Sue and I will compose the notice to put on the
bulletin board and find a basket for the names.Let's do it!"

They left me and I began having second thoughts. This was going to be a long
humiliating and painful session.I took comfort in knowing leather coats were not
very thick so the whip should not hurt terribly and cut me and traditionally
whores were whipped on their backs which was not an especially sensitive place.
Perversely I removed the robe to stand in front of the mirror in the X psition I
would be in at the scaffold.I imagined the excitement and cheers from the boys
and thought no rock star would generate that much excitement.That thought
thrilled me although I thought I must be crazy to want the cheers enough to
suffer so much. I slept fitfully and awoke early.

I dressed in a skirt that nearly reached my knees and a pull over sweater. When
I went into the main entrance of the school I saw a huge notice covering the
entire bulletin board and a basket hanging below it.

The notice was in huge all capital letters.

YOUR TEACHER DEIDRE ACTED IN A WHORISH MANNER YESTERDAY. SINCE SHE IS A HISTORY
TEACHER WE DECIDED IT WOULD BE APPRPIATE THAT SHE SHOULD BE PUNISHED AS WHORES
WERE IN PURITAN AMERICA. SHE WILL BE STRIPPED AND BROUGHT TO THE SCAFFOLDING
WHERE SHE WILL BE TIED TO ENDURE MUD SLINGING. AFTER THAT SHE WILL RECEIVE FIFTY
LASHES WITH A WHIP SHE WILL BRAID IN THE CLASSROOM. IN OLDEN TIMES THE
TOWNSPEOPLE PARTICIPATED IN THE PUNISHMENT AND SO IT WILL BE NOW. IF YOU WISH TO
PARTICIPATE PUT YOUR NAME ON ONE OF THE SLIPS OF PAPER ON THE BOARD AND DROP IT
IN THE BASKET. DEIDRE WILL DRAW THREE NAMES OF BOYS TO HOLD AND STRIP HER, TWO
BOYS WHO WILL TIE HER WRISTS AND ANKLES TOGETHER THEN DRAG HER TO THE SCAFFOLD
ON HER BELLY, FOUR BOYS TO TIE HER SPREADEAGLED TO THE SCAFFOLD, AND ONE BOY TO
ADMINISTER THE WHIPPING. EVERYONE IS WELCOME TO PARTICIPATE IN THE MUD SLINGING.

I shuddered at the addition of being dragged to the scaffold consoling myself
that it would be on the lawn and slick mud. I went to my classroom.Three strips
of leather about five feet long were on a hook at the top of the blackboard. I
went over to feel them and was relieved to find they were soft and not very
thick. I knew it would sting a lot but shouldn't make welts deep enough to
bleed.

Boys began filing into my room chattering excitedly. They sat down and some
pointed out the leather strips.

I said nervously, "There will be no lecture today. Answer the questions at the
end of the chapter while I braid my whip."

Bob said,"Your clothes are ugly and boring. Take them off."

I said,"No! I am being punished for that and it won't happene again."

He said,"What difference does it make. We will see you naked anyway this
afternoon."

"Yes but that is part of the punishment."

Another boy said,"You agreed to this punishment? You must be very brave."

"Thank you but I owe this to the other teachers.Because of what I did you all
threatened the other teachers with bad report cards. Up to now you had been
satified seeing panties and cleavage. Sue told me you forced her to go topless
and to bare her butt cheeks."

Larry said,"Yeah. She has a great body and she will show it again unless she
wants all "F"s on her report card."

I shuddered, A "D" would earn five strokes with the cane but an "F" would get
you ten. Since the homeroom students made the report card she could get a
hundred stokes. She wouldn't be able to sit for a week.

The more they talked the more I realized how cruel they could be so I ended the
discussion by telling them to answer the questions and turned to work on the
whip. I made the braids as tight as I could as instucted feeling all their eyes
on me.

Bob said, "At least you can pull the skirt up to your waist. Showing your
panties is not against the rules."

I couldn't argue with that and tucked the skirt into my waistband and turned
back to my task. That was a mistake. Now they began talking saying,"Imagine the
stripes that whip will put on her ass." Another said, "Yeah. I can almost see it
quivering at each stroke." another said, "She will be crying for mercy in no
time." another said, "I can hardly wait to see her tears falling on those big
tits."

I sobbed knowing they would show no mercy for me. the third of the whip was done
so I turned to them to say, "You may leave when your questions are answered" to
avoid other comments that only reminded me of my ordeal to come.

Bob said, "We are in no hurry to leave.Pull your sweater up to your bra so we
can see the skin that will be hit."

I didn't want to hear more comments on the effect of the whip so I said, "No.
You have seen it before."

They grumbled as they got up to leave. As one boy was going out the door he
said, "One of us may be the whipper and you will be sorry you didn't do what we
wanted."

The others laughed and patted his back in agreement.

The next class was much the same I again had my skirt pulled up as I worked on
the whip knowing each braid was bringing me closer to my punishment. This time a
boy said, Lift your sweater up to your bra. There is no rule against seeing your
stomach or back."

That was true so I lifted the sweater. I gasped knowing it was true when one of
the boys said, "You know if the whipper stands close enough the end will come
around to mark that white belly."

By then the whip was two thirds done. I thought it would shorten a lot when
braided but I saw it would easily reach around my body.

I turned to them showing them the firm white belly they wanted to hurt and
whined,"Why do you want to hurt me. I haven't done anything to you."

"Because it will be exciting and we can. Besides you have hurt us. All your
teasing made my nuts hurt so much I had to run to the bathroom after class to
jerk off." Others agreed.

I mumbled, "I didn't know." although that was a lie.I had loved watching them
shift in their seat and grimacing as they moved their dicks into a hopefully
more comfortable position. I began to think I owed them as well as the teachers.

At lunch which I couldn't eat Laura asked. "How is the whip coming."

"It is 2/3rds done.Just as you told me I am doing a third in each class.Oh Laura
it is frightening me. It looks like it will really hurt and every braid is
bringing me closer to pain."

"I imagine the boys are fascinated watching you braid it."

"Yes I expected that. What I did not expect was their cruelty. They joke and
laugh about how it will welt me and make me shudder and cry."

"That is peoples nature. That is why pro wrestling is so popular and car racing.
You no doubt know that in the old days people rode horses for miles to see a
public flogging or execution."

"Yes but I thought we had progressed past that."

"No. It has just been repressed. People are fascinated by disaster scenes on TV.
They say it is awful but their eyes never leave the screen. Do you regret
agreeing to be punished?"

I said, "Yes but I know it is too late to back out now."

"Yes I am afraid so. If you did we may have a riot."

I thought a moment then said,"I don't want to back out. The more I think about
my cowardice in letting them force me to strip to avoid a caning the more I
believe I deserve to be hurt and humiliated."

"Don't forget the blow jobs.The caning would definitely been have better than
that."

"Oh God! You know? They promised they wouldn't tell anyone."

"You are so naive. Boys and men lie. It is the main subject of conversation. I
understand you are very good at it."

"I sobbed, "I didn't do anything. They just fucked my face."

"Well it made them happy and they will probably want it again. I guess it is too
late to worry about that now. It is time to go to class."

I tried to be businesslike telling them to start answering the questions in
spite of the way they stared at me and the whip. I heard one whisper. "Jesus it
is just like they said."

I had finished three or four braids, when someone said,"Deidre?"

I turned around and said defiantly, "I know what you want! You want to see the
skin that will be ravaged for your entertainment. Here look Damn you."

I jerked my sweater over my head and jerked down my skirt to the floor to kick
it away then turned slowly in just my tiny uplift bra and bikini panties. When I
faced them again I said angrily, "Happy now?"

He laughed and said,"I was just going to ask you about the third question but
yes I am happy. You have a beautiful body."

I felt like a fool and reached for my skirt but he said, "No. Leave it alone."

I turned to work on the whip to avoid their smirking faces. He said,"Open your
legs like they will be on the scaffold."

I remembered my pose in front of the mirror and opened them still concentrating
on the whip.

He said, "Imagine that whip snaking around your tender thighs."

I let out a little moan.

He said, "The whip now hits a bit higher making a sting all around your upper
thigh."

I made a louder moan almost feeling it.

He said, "You know the next stroke will hit your pussy."

I yelped and snapped my legs shut.

He laughed and said, "You have a great imagination. I scared you didn't I?"

I whined, "Yes. Please don't say anything. I don't want to be reminded of what
is coming."

"Okay. If you take off the panties."

It seemed a fair trade for silence so I did excusing myself by thinking it is
just a butt. Everyone has a butt and mine may not look much different than
theirs."

I finished the whip tying knots to hold the braids leaving three short thongs at
the end.

I raised my panties from my ankles and said, "It is almost time to go." with a
little catch in my voice.

I put my sweater and skirt back on and stood there a second shaking with fear
when the bell rang. Two boys took my arems to lead me to the gymnasium.Where I
would wait for everyone to arrive.

End part 12




                                   DEIDRE 13

They led me up on the stage of the gym and stood on each side of me grinning as
I stood there fearfully watching boys and teachers coming through the door to
stare and point at me saying God knows what.

Finally Laura came in and closed the door signalling everyone was present.

She came up on stage holding the basket filled with names. She said loudly. "I
don't have to tell you people what is going to happen since you all read the
bulletin board. Deidre, pick three names."

I decided that if I was to be punished it may as well be as a martyr.

I said, " I have agreed to be punished to make up for the position I have forced
myself and the other teachers to assume. My cowardness in fearing a caning made
me debase myself by getting naked and other things I don't want to mention. I
hope my pain will make you students ashamed of forcing me and attempting to
force other teachers to debase themselves. I am not being forced to do this. I
feel guilty for my sin and wish to attone.I only hope my suffering will spare
another teacher."

There was a huge cheer and applause but none of them suggested I be excused.

Laura held out the basket and I pulled out three names. There were cheers as
they ran up on the stage high fiving each other.

I picked two other names for more cheers. Then four to even greater cheers since
they knew they would bind me. There was a hush as I stirred the names and
finally pulled out a name. A boy stood up I didn't know and yelled in triumph
then ripped off his t-shirt. That frightened me as he displayed his muscular
body in body builder poses.

They applauded and cheered him all the way up the stage as he waved and grinned
as if he had hit the lottery.

Two boys grabbed my arms and led me outside in the hot sun. I realized I would
feel especially naked outside with no walls or roof.

Laura handed a boy a pair of large scissors. I whined, "No my clothes are new.
Let me take them off."

Laura said, "Dummy. You knew you would be stripped. You should have worn old
clothes."

As the two boys held me the boy with the scisors decided to make a tease of it.
He cut circles in my sweater around my breasts to expose my bra then cut circles
in the bra. He grabbed my nipples and dragged my breasts through the holes, I
gasped as the stiff material scraped and then ballooned my boobs. With my tits
hanging out being cut by the bra he made two cuts in front and back of my skirt
from the hem to the waistband then  cut away the part around my legs to just
leave a flap covering my crotch and my buttcrack. He grinned and waved the flap
flashing my panty clad crotch to cheers then cut away the rest of my sweater
leaving my boobs obscenely displayed being squeezed by the holes in the bra.

He cut the waistband of the skirt to let it fall then pulled out my panties to
snip a hole then cut around my pussy. I felt the steel of the blade and was
afraid I may be cut. When my pussy was totally exposed someone yelled,"Spank her
pussy."

He hit it with his palm to make me yip and bend over but the boys holding me put
their knees into my buttcheeks and pulled me back to push it out where he began
slapping it causing a sting that made me yelp and struggle. He finally stopped
and cut away my bra to rip it away again scraping my breasts on the material.
Someone yelled, "Spank her tits."

He began forehanding and backhanding my tits one at a time making them jump and
sting as I howled, "This is not part of the punishment."

Laura went to the boy and said gently, "She has a point. Let's get on with it."

He grumbled but stopped hitting me to cut away the rest of my panties. My poor
tits were stinging and throbbing.

The other two boys held up ropes and said,"You guys can help. We think it would
be better to tie ropes to each wrist and ankle so she can't roll around."

They tied on the ropes then lifted me to put my face first on the grass. I
didn't think it would be too bad but as I was dragged I found that because of
the construction they had not maintained the lawn so I was dragged over thistles
that scratched me all the way from my breasts to my crotch to make me squeal and
try to roll out of the way.I was dragged on the mud which smelled awful from
decomposed horse manure. I thought that would be slicker so I wouldn't be hurt
but I found there were sharp pieces of gravel in the mud that ripped my skin.

Finally they tired of dragging me around. I was lifted to my feet and the ropes
were tied to the outer ends of an X in the scaffolding leaving me spreadeagled
and horribly exposed.

They left me there a moment watching me cry as the smelly mud dried on my skin
then a big mud ball hit my stomach nearly knocking the wind from me. They were
wrong about it not hurting much. It hurt a lot and I had to squinch my eyes shut
to keep mud ot of them as a veritable rain of mud balls began hitting me. one
ball with gravel in it hit my clit to make me scream just in time for another to
hit my mouth. I bawled and struggled spitting out the foul mud.

It seemed to go on forever as my body stung at new impacts. the boys moved
closer and no did not throw the balls they just filled their hands with it and
slapped it on me ripping my boobs up down and sideways and even slapping it into
my gaping vagina laughing as I screamed.

Laura yelled, "Enough! She is fully covered."

I looked down through mud dripping from my forehead to see my body was so
covered with the stinking clay mud it was barely recognizable.

They let me hang there a while with the mud drying in the hot sun to shrink and
pull at my skin then Laura said, "Okay. Wash her off for the whipping."

A boy came at me with a hose and began spraying my body with icy water. I went
from hot to frezing in a moment and shiverred from the cold as I was washed to
reveal deep scratches on my breasts from the gravel.

Someone yelled,"Don't forget her pussy."

The boy grinned evilly and jammed the hose into my slit filling my insides with
the icy water to cause a deep aching sensation as my tummy pooched out as if I
was pregnant as water gushed from my cunt.

They decided I was clean enough and let me hang as the hot sun began to warm me
and stop my uncontrollable shivering. I waited for them to turn me around for
the whipping then realized they were not going to turn me around. The whipping
would be on my sensitive front.

Laura said, "Remember the rules. No more than fifty lashes and don't hit her
face or neck."

The boy with the whip came to me and I saw with horror that he was holding it by
the tassle end with the ring dragging on the ground. I screamed, "No! No!" but I
was ignored

The whip hit me to cause a terrible pain to my left breast. I screamed and
looked down to see a red ring surrounding the nipple. He kept hitting making
more rings as I screamed until I was hoarse and could only gasp as the ring hit
me causing terrible pain when it hit my ribs or pubic bone. He concentrated on
my breasts and pussy adding ring on top of ring some at my pussy went into my
slit to rip the lips open.

When it was finally over I looked down to see gobs of deep red rings that looked
as if I had been branded.

Boys came to me to feel the welts and pinch my nipples and pussy but I was so
hoarse I could only moan in protest. They began to drift awy laughing while the
teachers released me. I was too weak to stand so they picked me up and carried
me to my apartment while my body was shuddering from sobs.

Laura said, "He shouldn't have hit you with the ring end. I tried to stop him
but the boys held me and clamped their hand over my mouth so I couldn't say
anything."

I could only mumble,"Yes."

They poured a cool bath to wash off the remaining mud and cool my burning body.
I began to feel better and they helped me out to gently dry me then helped me to
my bed.

Laura got a couple of bottles of cold cream and they began carresing it on my
welts. That felt so good I stretched my arms behind my head and moaned in
pleasure.

They carresed a long time and the stinging and burning went away.

Laura said,"You love this don't you?"

My voice had come back enough to moan "Oh yes."

"You were very brave. You deserve a reward."

She slid down my body then opened the lips of my pussy to let her tongue flutter
on my clit. There was like an electric shock at first from my super sensitive
clit then it felt wonderful. Two other girls began licking my bruised nipples to
add to the pleasure. Soon the pain was overtaken by excitement that built up to
a powerful orgasm that made me feel weak. They grinned at me and I moaned,
"Thank you."

They left me to rest and I immediately went to sleep. I woke later to find the
pain was gone replaced by a throbbing sensation. I got up to look in the mirror.
My body was covered with dark red rings that were turning purple. It was ugly
but weirdly I felt satisfaction that I had paid for my stupidity.

I stayed in my apartment all weekend naked since I didn't want clothing to touch
the welts. The teachers visited me to bring me snacks and goodies. Sue kissed my
welts gently, "To make them well" It felt so nice I wanted to reciprocate so I
took off her shorts and blouse noting she must have expected this since she was
not wearing panties or bra. We laid on the bed to 69. Her pussy tasted sweet and
she followed my lead in fluttering on her clit and then driving my tongue in
deep to bring us both to orgasm.

She said,"That was wonderful. The only sex I have had since I have been here is
masturbation. This was much better."

I said, "Well there are nearly a hundred boys here who would gladly give you
sex."

"Oh no. That could get me arrested."

"Do you think they would complain?"

"Probably not. I know this will sound awful but watching that boy's muscles work
as he whipped you really turned me on."

"I didn't notice. I was hurting too much."

"Oh I know. I am sorry I reminded you."

"It's okay. I am glad I did it. Now the boys should understand they shouldn't
make us do things."

"I hope you are right. Don't forget to be at the Headmaster's office at eight AM
tomorrow for the meeting."

"Uh I won't I am sure he will support us."


Monday morning I dressed in a long blouse to hide the bruises and a skirt to my
knees. I let off the bra since it was uncomfortable on the bruises and wore my
softest cotton panties.

At the meeting Laura said, "You have to get rid of the report cards. The boys
used them to threaten Deidre to make her strip bare naked and make Sue go
topless and tuck her panties into her asscrack. The rest of us refused but we
know they will carry out the threat to give us a bad report card."

He said, "I understand your dilemna. We have had this policy for years with no
problems. I set a dress code which should have kept them satisfied. Obviously
they were encouraged. Deidre and Sue obviously would rather humiliate themselves
rather than accept a simple caning which would have been minimal under the
circumstances."

Sue said,"We didn't know that. They threatened to give us "F"s which would be
terrible."

"You have seen the canings which have only been given when the boys were
unfairly treated. You should have come to me before debasing yourselves."

Sue whined, "We couldn't. You were away at conference."

"I understand this happened on Thursday. You could have stalled them until
Monday telling the boys you had to get permission from me to get naked."

Sue whined, "We didn't think of that we were frightened."

"On the report card after the grade are boxes to be checked including poor
teaching, unfair treatment, and being uncooperative. Uncooperative has a maximum
penalty of five strokes."

Laura said, "There are ten or eleven boys in each homeroom we could still get
fifty strokes which would be unbearable."

"You know they would not all give you bad marks. Usually the cards come in with
only a few bad marks if any."

"Yes but now they are organized and the nicer boys will be pressured to give bad
marks."

"I will take that into consideration. Now Deidre I nderstand you were whipped.
What brought that about?"

I blushed and said, "You know about that?"

"Of course. I have my spies I know everything that happens at this school. Now
tell me what happened."

"The other teachers told me I had set a bad precedent by letting them make me
get naked. I felt guilty so I agreed to be punished."

"I see. So you can't blame the boys for the whipping this was the teachers
penalty. Right?"

"I guess so but it would not have come up if the boys had not forced me."

"I have no sympathy for that. If you would rather debase yourself  than get a
simple caning. That is your decision."

Laura said, "Are you telling us that we must choose between two evils?"

"Esentially,that is it."

Laura said, "Well I for one will accept the caning because I know one thing will
lead to another."

"Your decision. Now Deidre, I want to see the results of your whipping. Take off
your clothes."

I took off the blouse and skirt then hesitated. He said, "Panties too."

I slipped them off blushing and went to him. He began toching the welts and
said, "This must have ben very severe. What caused these red rings?"

"The boy that whipped me held the whip at the wrong end. There was a metal ring
at the handle part to hang the whip."

"I see. Didn't anyone tell the boy he was holding the whip wrong?

"Laura tried to but boys held her and put their hands over her mouth."

"Didn't any of you others protest?"

Sue said, "We didn't since Laura was in charge."

"Well first of all Laura has been here the longest and knows punishments are
only to be carried out by the staff. To make up for this Laura will be given
fifty lashes with the whip this Friday in the gym with the concession that the
ring will not be used."

Laura gasped, then dropped her head and whined, "I guess I deserve it but I
didn't want Deidre to be hurt so much."

"Now then, Deidre and Sue you have started a precedent. You can expect to teach
in the state of undress you started."

Sue said,"How can we teach that way. The boys will be too busy looking at us to
study."

"You are just here to keep order the teaching plan does the teaching. You will
tell them I said you can not undress until they have completed their
assignmentand be graded.Boys that don't do well will be suspended from class to
study in the library."

We left and Laura said, "Oh Deidre I am so frightened. Is the whipping awful?"

"Actually only at first. Eventually your senses become so overloaded you just
feel impacts. I think it is better than caning. If it had not been for the ring
I would not have been badly bruised."

In my class as expected Bob said,"Take off your clothes. We want to see if you
have bruises."

I told him what the headmaster had said and they immediately went to work
fliping through the book to make sure they had answered correctly.They brought
up their work to be graded as they finished. The Headmaster's plan worked. They
all got "A"s and with twenty minutes left I got up and took off my clothes. They
gathered around me to feel the bruises and ask if ones on my nipples and pussy
hurt really bad. They were gentle and the soft caresses felt good.

The next class was the same then I went to lunch. Laura waved me over to her
table  I told her the Headmaster's plan worked and that I was only naked for
fifteen or twenty minutes.

Laura blushed and said, "I made a concession. The boys swore all they wanted to
see were my breasts so I showed them. Worse I let them feel them. God help me it
felt good to have all the hands feeling and kneading my breasts and tugging at
the nipples. I think if the bell had not rung I woud have taken off the rest of
my clothes."

After we had eaten Laura wanted to go to the gym. We went there to see a rope
with leather cuffs had been hung from a pulley in the ceiling and the whip was
hanging from a cuff. Laura shuddered and said, "Oh God. I teach aerobics in here
in the afternoon. Everyday I will be reminded of Friday. I giggled and said,"So
will the boys."

She said,"Oh God. You are right. Since I teach in a thong and a tiny bra they
wil see the skin that will be reddened."

I know I should have felt sorry for her but actually I could hardly wait until
Friday.

End part 13




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Allene Blake


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





