BDSM Library - Submissive Hilary




Submissive Hilary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Professional model, Hilary is late for a session with her mistress, and gets a lot more of a session, than she bargained for.
SUBMISSIVE HILARY

PART ONE 

     Hilary knew she was late for her appointment with her recent mistress
Jaclyn, and Jaclyn could be so touchy about those kind of things, but she
couldn't help it. She'd been busy today, her modeling career was going well,
still mostly catalog stuff, but comming along, and she went to the masseuse, and
hairstylist today. Then their was her social life, with her model like looks,
magazine face, stylish, and slender, long legs, sculpted body, small breasts (no
ones perfect! At least they were real, high and firm) there was no shortage of
men, (or women), to distract her with passes and propositions. But at 26, she
knew where her real passions lie......., exploring as an S&M submissive, with
Dom's like Jaclyn. She'd met Jaclyn a couple of months ago. She was a
professional mistress, who did life syle stuff on the side. At 39 she was
attractive, and experienced, with many years in the scene. Because she was busy
today, a night with Jaclyn, for a change, had not  filled her thoughts and kept
her panting all day. But Hillary knew that by the time she got to Jaclyn's that
would be a pretty apt description of how she felt.

     Hilary reached Jaclyn's house 15 minutes late. It was a cool, damp evening,
but Hilary was quite comfortable in her jeans and sweater. She wore no bra under
her sweater. She usually didn't need one, and quite frankly she liked the feel
of a sweater, scratchy, and teasing against her nipples, which had to be her
most sensitive erogenous zone.

     Maybe Jaclyn wouldn't notice she was late, maybe she could just slip in
without Jaclyn noting the time. Hilary let herself into the spacious house with
the key she was given a couple of weeks before. She was right about how she
would feel upon reaching Jaclyn's, ok, not panting maybe, but trembling  anyway.
It was dark and  quiet in the foyer, she closed the big door behind her as
quietly as possible, tip toed to put down her purse and keys.

     "Hilary!, Hilary! Jaclyn's voice rang out. "Come in here".

     "Damn" Hilary breathed as she followed Jaclyn's voice. She found Jaclyn
ensconced on the sofa in the large living room. Hilary put on the most non
chalent smile she could muster.

     "Your late"!

     "I'm sorry, I...."

     "Your sorry what"! Jaclyn demanded.

     "I'm sorry mistress" Hilary responded flustered.

     "No excuses, you've just earned yourself another spanking young lady".
Hillary's stomach dropped, but her heart soared.

     "Now take off your top"! Hilary complied quickly, feeling a sexual rush in
her bare belly and a trickle of perspiration under her arm.

     "Well at least your nipples are obedient" Jaclyn said mockingly. Of course
they were hard already, and they seemed to tighten more as Jaclyn commented on
them.

     "Come here and kneel facing away from me". Hilary bare from the waist up
faced away from Jaclyn, and knelt back on her heels, her bare back pressing
against the couch upon which Jaclyn sat. Hilary felt her breathing quicken.
Jaclyn's hands passed on either side of her, and then she felt Jaclyn's fingers
on her nipples. Hilary bit her lower lip.

      Jaclyn teased and rolled the erotic nubs back and forth.

     "God, these really do stay hard" Jaclyn teased. Hilary tried not to moan.

     "I guess that makes you quite a slut, Doesn't it?" Jaclyn continued to
flick her nipples back and forth back and forth.

     "Am I right Hilary"? Jaclyn asked mockingly.

     "Yes" Hilary answered breathlessly.

     "Yes what" Jaclyn continued, "Use complete sentences".

     "Yes I'm a slut" Hilary responded her face blushing , her nipples seeming
to harden and tingle from the humiliation even more. Jaclyn laughed.

     "Ok slut I'm going to amuse myself with your hard little buds for awhile,
and while I do, you are to remain completely still. Still! No movement at all.
Every time you squirm, gasp, wiggle, jump, or even quiver too much it'll mean 10
cracks of the paddle across your bare ass in addition to the 2 spankings you've
already earned".

     "Understand"?

     "Yes" Hilary said in a small voice

     "Good".

     Hilary steeled herself as she knelt. Jaclyn hummed  as she worked and
tickled and teased Hillary's nipples. Hilary tensed every muscle in her body,
bit her lip, stared at the ceiling, but it wasn't long before her knee twitched.

     "Thats 10" . Hilary promised herself to do better. She bit her lip harder,
tried to think of anything other than Jaclyn's teasing....., Jaclyn's
fingers........., her nipples......

     "Ummmm" a gasp escaped Hillary's lips.

     "Thats 20 " Jaclyn said merrily. Damn, thought Hilary as Jaclyn's fingers
continued their maddening play. How long could she stand this? Perspiration had
broken out on her forehead, her tense muscles had begun to quiver. Hillary's
knees twitched spasmodically.

     "Thats 30".

     Hilary gave a small cry in her throat. 30 cracks of the paddle was nothing
to sneeze at especially as only a part of a spanking and Jaclyn was still
playing her cruel game. The teasing and arousal were too much. Hilary knew she
wouldn't be able to stay still much longer and then she would only increase her
punishment. Hillary's eyes began to tear, she began to feel some panic as a wave
of perspiration and desire washed over her, and her body trembled like a leaf.
Just then Jaclyn stopped.

     "Ok thats enough, get up now". It took Hilary a  second to get her
breathing under control and shakily stand up. She had begun to perspire, and her
chest had begun to flush. Her nipples tingled and seemed to vibrate, as if an
electrical current had passed through them  connected right to her groin.

     "Alright Hilary since I had to wait for you I feel like being entertained
now. So you'll strip naked for me". Hilary automatically fumbled with the top of
her jeans.

     "No! Not like that !, Jaclyn stopped her. "I said entertained Hilary"!

     "Your going to strip, and dance, and do your very best to entertain me and
arouse me while doing it, or else".

     "But, but I don't know how........." Hilary responded defensively..

     "Yes, yes I know, your not trained as a dancer but as a model, but your
going to WORK, your hardest to do a good job, because you have absolutely no
choice. Now go over and turn the CD player on. Resignedly, Hilary went across
the big room to the stereo.  

     "Alright get back here." Jaclyn ordered after Hillary had put on the CD.

     "No, no, get on the table slut". Hilary blushingly stood in the center of
Jaclyn's coffee table.

     "Ok start". The music played, Hillary swayed slightly standing on the table
wearing her jeans and casual shoes, unsure what to do.

     "Alright I'll tell you what to do" Jaclyn admonished.

     "Start with your arms over your head". Hilary raised her arms all the way
up lifting her naked breasts.

     "Now sway your hips". Hilary did.

     "Thats good get into it, feel it". Hilary did her best moving more
sensuously.

     "Now play with your nipples for awhile". They were still tingling and
aching for attention and despite her face coloring  at the lewd exhibition,
Hilary was glad to drop her hands from above her head and finger them awhile,
immediately being awarded with stabs of pleasure in her groin.

     "Now run your hands over your tingling wet crotch." Again although
embarrassed, Hilary was glad to do so.

     "Keep your hips swaying", Jaclyn admonished. "Keep moving to the music, Get
into it Hillary, I want a 100% effort from you or else". Hilary did her best to
do so swaying ever more sensuously. Concentrating on following Jaclyn's exact
instructions as she swayed and moved, and the music played.

     "Now just finger the waist band of those jeans".

     "Thats right, now slide your fingers in a bit". Hilary did feeling her
silky skin and the denim.

     "Come on turn around slowly I want a 360 degree show".

     "Ok go back to your nipples now".

     "Slide your hands down your belly make it sensuous". Hillary's hands slid
over the slight, tanned six pack of her abs.

     "Cup your crotch".

     "Undo the  your jeans". Hillary's slim fingers popped open the snap.

     "Keep your hands moving tease the waist band".

     "Now move your hands over your belly, come on, smooth that flat belly make
it sexy". Hilary half closing her eyes tried her hardest.

     "Good girl..............

     "Waistband and belly, sway sensuously, turn slowly, do a good job."
Hillary's eyes closed as she listened to, and complied with Jaclyn's voice.

     "Now legs far apart, start a slow bump and grind". Hilary on the table
complied, her hips slowly undulating.

     "Do it good, like your fucking, I know you know how to do that, and give
your nipples some attention". Hilary bit her lip at the insult, but carried out
the desired motion with her hips and hands.

     "Good, now ever so slowly lower the zipper on your jeans."

     Hillary continued her slow bump and grind, bare from the waist up, her
jeans undone teasing her tight nipples.

     "Now Hilary your going to get your jeans down. BUT ONLY BY WIGGLING YOUR
PERT ASS OUT OF THEM. Don't touch them, don't push them down, just wiggle and
shake your ass. Turn sideways to me." Hilary did.

     "Good, keep swaying, slowly bumping and grinding,smoothing your belly,
touching your nipples. As Hillary did her undone jeans crept ever so slightly
over the prominent points of her hip bones.  NOW, DANCE AND WIGGLE YOURSELF OUT
OF YOUR JEANS, MY LITTLE SLUT!!" Hilary did her best, but the jeans moved down
only slightly.

     "There's a time limit honey, I'm going to count to 20, and when I reach
there I want to see those jeans fall, just from your photo perfect ass wiggling,
or you'll really be in trouble. One, two......

     Hilary jiggled her ass  more vigorously, sucked in her belly and banged her
pelvis back and forth, shook her hips from side to side. She was getting quite
desperate, then she found by standing on the balls of her feet and doing all
those actions at once her unfastened jeans slowly crept down over her hips.
Jaclyn continued her count. It was going to be close, Hilary really had to
concentrate on her movements and strive, but she managed to wiggle her hips and
thighs out of her jeans, and they fell down her long legs just as Jaclyn counted
20.

     "Good !" Jaclyn complimented. Hilary only wore a g-string  under her jeans.
"Now really wiggle in your G-string, for a while, WORK your belly and ass.
WORK!". Hilary needed no more encouragement, the concentrated movements of
getting the jeans down, and all the sexual play had left her yearning to move,
and she fairly lept to slam her ass and pelvis back and forth and shimmy as if
she had stepped on a live wire.

     "Hee, Hee, Hee" Jaclyn chuckled," very good my little slut. But, now, 
stop, and go back to being slow and sensuous".

     Hilary had begun to sweat, her perfectly styled hair was coming undone, she
was now swaying in front of Jaclyn, nude except for her G-string. And she was
very aroused by the exhibition. She knew the crotch of her tiny G-string was
soaking wet. She hoped, against hope Jaclyn wouldn't notice.

     " Run your hands up and down your body", Hillary's body moved to meet her
touch. 

      "Thats right arch your pelvis out in that cute little G-string." Jaclyn
teased.

     " Now run your hands over that wet crotch my little slut". Hilary did and
pressed her lips together noticeably to keep from moaning at the sensation.

     "Hee , hee, hee" Jaclyn chuckled.

     "Alright turn around show me that tight ass of yours". Hilary turned and
kept swaying.

     "Bend over slut, run your hands over it". Hilary complied feeling a rush of
embarrassment and sexual electricity as her hands ran over the buttocks she
worked so hard to keep firm and strong.

     "Good, good, stick it out keep swaying....thats right do it good".

     "Ok Hilary turn around."

     "Get your thumbs hooked in your g-string" Hilary got her thumbs hooked
under the thin elastic band of the tiny garment.

      "Stretch it out from side to side." With her thumbs Hilary stretched the
elastic band out from her right hip out from her left.

     Come on play with it, move your hands around, keep in time with the music".
Hilary played with the waist band of the g-string she was stretching out.

     "Now really stretch it out to each side, farther all the way, good!"

     "Now! let it snap back! Jaclyn demanded. Hilary did the elastic stinging
her flesh hard enough to make her gasp. Jaclyn laughed. Again Hilary felt her
face flush in embarrassment "Now play with your nipples arch out your pelvis."
Hilary did tweaking, teasing, and rolling her hardened nipples,  for about 15
seconds, sending jolt after jolt ot teasing pleasure to the spot still covered
by her wet  g-string between her trim legs.

     "OK run your hands on that tingling crotch". Hilary wanted nothing more,
and felt a lurch of desire and quivered as she did so.

     "Good keep it up", Hilary ran her hands over and over the tiny patch of
fabric barely covering her hot pubis between her toned thighs. She had to bite
her lower lip to keep from moaning as she massaged the mound of her pussy
through her g-string.

       "Now just with your thumbs start slowly working your g-string down,
slowly." Hilary complied it seemed to take forever before the clingy scrap was
off and down her long legs.   After the long slow erotic display Hilary suddenly
felt a rush of erotic excitement and freedom, at finally having her pussy
uncovered and  at being totally naked.  

     "Now!  STOP! Stand in front of me..... hands behind your neck......., legs
spread wide.......Wide I said........" Strangely Hilary now found it hard to
stop moving and stand still. Her body was racing, warmed and tingling all over.
She felt air moving between her spread thighs, and over her smooth  vulva, trhat
due to her modeling work and Jaclyn's instructions she kept totally free of the
slightest hair. She idealy wondered if her erect and yearning clit was visible..

     "Good girrrrrl.....". Jaclyn purred, Hilary felt an ashamed rush of pride
at the mocking compliment. 

     "Now get down." Hilary was glad to step naked from the table even if doing
so did caused unsteadying jolts of arousal between her legs as her thighs moved.

     "Were now  going to do it all over again......., because I think you can do
better." Hillary's eyes widened  in surprise.

     "Go to the stereo, restart the disc, and put your jeans and g-string back
on."

Comments are welcome email =byjack007@aol.com.
Copyright (c) 2001, all rights reserved.




Submissive Hilary

Part Two

     Hillary had to do the whole strip routine 2 more times, trying her utmost.
Considering that each time (Jaclyn was remarkably consistent in her
instructions), took about 10 minutes, she had to dance and arouse herself on
Jaclyn's coffee table for 30 minutes before Jaclyn was satisfied.

     "Ok, thats enough," Jaclyn finally said. "Go to the bathroom and freshen
up, then come back."  After the 30 minutes of erotic exercise, Hillary was glad
for the respite. Her naked body was covered by a thin sheen of sweat, her
recently styled blond hair was now damp and matted, the nipples on her slender
breasts  engorged and reddened, and of course her  juices were slipping down her
tanned thighs.   In the comfortable bath, she sponged off her heated body,
toweled and gathered her hair into a smart pony tail, , patted herself all over
with the fluffy towels, helped herself to some cool water.  Thus refreshed, and
with her sexual arousal at least back to a high tolerable level, she padded out
of the bathroom naked.

     As she rounded the corner into Jaclyn's well appointed living room, she
couldn't have been more shocked if a bus fell on her.  Where, a short while ago 
there was an empty room, save for Jaclyn, the room was now full of people. At
least 15 people, all fully and nicely dressed. Sitting here and there, standing
about, talking, sipping drinks.

     "Ahh, Hillary there you are." said Jaclyn, all eyes (at least the one not
already on her) turned toward Hillary.

     "I didn't get a chance to tell you I was having guests over today."
Hillary's mouth had dropped open in shock, as she stood there naked and sexually
aroused in front of everyone.

     "I think you know everyone."

      With every fiber of her being Hillary wanted to bolt from the room. But
she knew Jaclyn would just drag her back, as she obviously had set this up. 
Jaclyn began to introduce people by name, not that Hillary heard them through
the rushing sound in her ears!

       Hillary was sure that she was blushing totally red. She had MET, about
1/2 of the people there before. They were friends of Jaclyn's.  She had met them
at cocktail parties,  receptions etc., FULLY  DRESSED cocktail parties and
receptions! They knew about Jaclyn and S&M, and Jaclyn had introduced her as her
new submissive but that was all. The other people she'd never seen before. To
make it even worse everyone there was about  Hillarys own age, or at least
between her age and around Jaclyn's. They were an upscale professional looking
group, just the kind of people Hilary would usually hang around with. Hillary's
own peers. They  would probably recognize Hillary from  her catalog work. There
were men and women, and clearly couples and singles.  After awhile Hillary had
regained enough composure to close her mouth, to smile at that person there, nod
to that couple there, she heard a couple of snickers  as she stood there naked
and heated.     

     "Well" said Jaclyn, comfortably ensconced on the sofa,  finished with the
introductions as Hillary stood there not knowing what to do with herself.

     "Were all comfortable with our wine and drinks, I think everyone is ready
for some entertainment."

      "Perhaps they'd like to see a beautiful naked young woman.............
spanked till she's in agony?" Hillary started and her lips parted at the
suggestion.

     " Yes I think so............, Hillary go get your paddle".  Hillary was
thunder struck, her heart pounding in her bare chest.

     "Hillary did you hear me!" Jaclyn waited for a reply.

     "Yes" Hillary responded weakly, looking around at all the expectant,
mocking faces.

     "Good your going to run to get it when I say go, and if you don't return
with it by the count of ten ( Her paddle, or the one Jaclyn had occasionally
used on her in these last couple of months, was kept in a desk drawer in the
study on the other side of the house), if you don't your punishment is going to
be raised to 60 strokes to each cheek of that tight ass of yours". Hillary's
heart fluttered at the prospect, that was way more than she'd ever got so far.

     "Understand?"

      "Yes Mistress" Hillary answered weakly again, her heart thumping.

     "Good, Go!" What else could she do? Hillary took off running, thighs
moving, bare breasts bobbing,  the sound of giggles and laughter following
behind her.

     She ran naked down the carpeted hall,  her pussy shooting now unwelcome
jabs of pleasure into her bare flat belly. She pranced to the desk, hearing
Jaclyn counting in the distance. Secured the paddle, which was a stiff wood
affair covered by a very thin layer of rubber,  considering for a second how it
would feel like against her bare toned ass , which already seemed to be
prickling at the prospect of the smart, before sprinting back to the living room
with it. She arrived just as Jaclyn was finishing up "9..........10."

     "Your lucky you made it" Jaclyn said taking the paddle from her.

     "I think we'll have you on your hands and knees on the floor."  Hillary
couldn't believe this was happening, but despite how cold her hands and feet
seemed to have gone in mortification, she couldn't help but notice how the rest
of her body  stayed heated,  her nipples hard and tingling, her pussy wet.

      Her face burning, trying not to look at anyone, and her bare body
beginning to tremble Hillary dropped to all 4's on Jaclyn's luxurious carpeting.
She was positioned on her hands and knees  in front of the fireplace so everyone
had a good view. Jaclyn made sure that her knees were placed about 10" apart so,
while she was punished,  those on one side of the room could catch glimpses  of
Hillary's smooth  labia  between her parted thighs,  while those on the other
side could see her face and penchant swaying breasts.

      Hillary felt heat flush over her naked body as she waited there, air
moving over the wetness between her parted thighs, everyone's eyes on her,
terribly conscious of the vulnerability of her bare ass, the flesh of which was
practically crawling with anticipation. Then the first blow struck and she could
think of nothing else but the atrocious smart that caused her whole body to
tense and quiver for 3 seconds.  Jaclyn spaced her blows about 5 seconds apart,
so Hillary had to feel the full pain from each. Hillary received 30 cracks of
the paddle to each cheek of her displayed bare ass. By the end Hillary could
actually see streaks of light behind her screwed shut teared covered eyelids
from the smart, , her knees burned from the friction of twitching against the
carpet when the, and she had broken 2 of her long manicured fingernails,
scratching helplessly against the floor. The last blow was extra hard.

     "Whew that made me quite warm" Jaclyn said .

     "Someone please hand me my wine." 

      Hillary remained just as she was on the floor not even taking a breath her
whole body quivering from the pain of  the last blow for a whole 10 seconds.
When the pain finally subsided Hillary did not  break her position but merely
hung her head, breathing heavy in relief.

     "Ok Hillary get up now!" Jaclyn demanded. Slowly, Hillary did, facing her
well appointed audience again.  She felt languid and hot,  very turned on, and
her ass felt hot, soft and huge.

    "Now" said Jaclyn holding her wine. "You can entertain us some more by
masturbating yourself for us, one hand on your nipples and one between your legs
if you please." Hillary was shocked, and didn't move.

     "Not very obedient is she", one of the guests commented.

     "Oh, I think she is" Jaclyn said, putting down her wine, a visous tone
entering her voice as she snatched up the paddle, speaking to Hillary.

     "Because if shes not she's going to get 100 more cracks of this paddle on
those flaming cheeks, right now!" Hillary's hands seemed to fly to the ordered
positions of their own volition.

     "See" Jaclyn said, to a round of laughter. 

     "Now come on Hillary you know what to do, this is probably one of the
greatest talents of a slut like you, and now you can demonstrate it." Hillary
heard  women  in the audience  giggle.

     " Move your hands." Feeling crushed by shame and keeping her eyes on the
floor, Hillary did, teasing her yearning nipples and fingering her wet pussy.
Despite the circumstances the touches of Hillary's slim fingers on her hard
nipples, and smooth vulva felt as good as ever.

     "Come on Hillary, get into it" Jaclyn admonished.

      But this wasn't like ever, Hillary tried to remind herself, but her body
didn't care. She  was  already so sexually charged, it responded so quickly to
her touch, she couldn't help it, she wasn't in control. She couldn't help  but
moan, squirm her bare hips, and tremble, as  she touched herself.

     "Good girrrrrrl......" Jaclyn mocked to a course of more giggles. Hillary's
eyes  teared, she felt scalded by the humiliation.

      Hillary realized she was standing totally naked, sexually aroused,  just 
after being visiously spanked, with her legs widely spread, lewdly masturbating
and stimulating herself before a fully dressed, keenly watching audience, but
she closed her eyes trying to forget  all that, trying just to focus on the
pleasure she was feeling.

     But, it was no use! She couldn't divorce herself from the situation,
someone coughed, someone moved, someone laughed, she couldn't forget them.  She
had to open her eyes,....... and as she aroused herself,  look right into their
mocking ones........., embarrassed ones.........,aroused ones.

     "Don't you dare orgasm without permission Hillary, or you'll get the 100",
Jaclyn  warned. Normally it would be difficult, standing like this, awkward,
before an audience yet, but under the circumstances, or in spite of them,
Hillary's body moved quickly toward orgasm. After only 4 minutes, of her live
sex show, she was desperately holding herself back from coming, making
whimpering noises, jerking her head, all her muscles tense and shaking.

     "Alright Hillary", Jaclyn intoned. "You look quite desperate, you have
permission to orgasm." Thats what Hillary wanted more than anything, but not
here, not like this. She looked around the room despertly at those watching,
someone laughed.

     "Plea....., Please not here" Hillary panted.

     "What? You don't want to cum in front of us?"

     "No.....no.......please mistress.", Hillary moaned, she was so close, soon
it would be inevitable.

     "Ok STOP!" Jaclyn shouted. "STOP moving your hands NOW!" Taken aback
Hillary did, the erotic spell broken. She had been so close she remained on the
edge a few seconds, before subsiding. Hillary stood catching her breath, her
tight body sweating, her perfect ass reddened, chest flushed, nipples engorged,
her juices wet on her hand, as Jaclyn whispered to some of her guests.

     "Alright Hillary, you don't want to orgasm for us", Jaclyn said.

     "Randy, Tom, take Hillary upstairs and see if you can convince her
otherwise". Hilary looked around too late, the 2 young men, grabbed her arms and
roughly spun her around. When she resisted one of them wacked her on her still
flaming perfect ass.

     "Oww" Hillary howled as she was propelled up the stairs naked. 

     "Now look!" she managed, just before being roughly thrown sprawling on a
bedroom bed. Hillary  twisting her body popped right back up. Before being
knocked back flat by a  painful tug on her pony tail. All the beds at Jaclyn's
came with restraints.

 Before she knew it she was bound spread eagle.  There was very little play in
the leather padded bonds that held her arms and legs down spread as far as they
would go. A pillow was shoved under her ass, raising her pelvis. Now what was
the point of this, Hillary wondered. Then  she saw Randy and Tom as Jaclyn
called them, approaching  with long quill like feathers and devilish expressions
on their faces.

     Oh, no! Hillary thought. Just as she opened her mouth to yell out  a ball
gag was shoved securely in her mouth and then buckled around her head silencing
her.

     Randy and Tom went to work on Hillary's super sensitive, overcharged
shivering nipples with the feathers, they remained there for a full 15 minutes,
before moving on to include her navel, vulva ,inner labia, and clit. The
feathers were not hard or strong enough to ever make her  come. They were only
hard and strong enough to move her torturously toward coming, to make her
maddeningly, insanely HAVE to come.    To actually come and stop the torture,
she'd have to MAKE her body orgasm, by straining with all her might against the
ropes, contorting her body, contracting all her muscles, bouncing her ass up and
down on the bed. Every time she thus worked  to the threshold of orgasm however
Randy and Tom would withdraw the feathers until her body just lost the edge, and
collapsed back in it's bonds, then they would start again.  They maddeningly
teased her to the brink of orgasm again and again, but just to the brink and
then kept her there, minute after minute, after minute. If human strength alone
could have broken the bonds that held her Hillary would have been free of the
torment, but as it was all she succeeded in doing, as she found out later was
pulling muscles in both arms and one leg. Hillary's body shook, and vibrated,
and  bounded as if she was being electrocuted, she glowed with sweat, her outer
and inner labia under the assault of the feathers opened and gaped, her chest
became so reddened from a sex flush, she looked like she had the worst sun burn
ever.

     After a solid hour of such treatment, Randy and Tom removed her gag, and
asked her  if she was now ready to orgasm for an audience. A simple yes was not
good enough, she would now have to say please and beg for permission to be
allowed to cum in front of everyone. If her begging wasn't judged good enough or
sincere enough,  they would just continue for another hour and so forth and so
on. Sweat soaked, with wildly dilated pupils, no one could have ever been said
to have begged more sincerely than Hillary did for Randy and Tom.

    Randy and Tom toweled Hillary off briefly, after releasing her, unable to
get her hair back into her neat pony tail they left it dis-sheveled.  It was a
very different Hillary that they led back downstairs, bedraggled, submissive,
haggard looking. It was also hard for Hillary to walk, from the strain her
strong legs had gone through with the ropes,  and with the balloon of desire in
her loins, her bare thighs rubbing against her strumming pussy lips, . She
collapsed to her knees at the bottom of the stairs, kneeling there before
everyone practically panting. Hillary knew her knees were splayed far apart as
she knelt there, she didn't bother to close them, she didn't care anymore if
everyone saw her bare wet churning pussy. Jaclyn seemed very pleased.

     "Well Hilary are you ready to cum for us?"

     "Yes Mistress" Hilary answered without hesitation her head down.

     "Well good but I think we need a little more than just a yes, I think
everyone would be amused to hear you beg for it, say "please Mistress may I
entertain your guests with my orgasm"". Hillary made no pretense at resistance.

     "Please, Mistress may I entertain your guests with my orgasm" she repeated
looking down, to a few snickers.

     "Well nice change of attitude Hillary, but I don't think you've humiliated
yourself enough yet.........so you'll crawl naked on your hands and knees  to
each person here and ask them personally." Hillary's head shot up at this last,
her eyes meeting Jaclyn's.

     "No.......? Another hour or two with Randy and Tom then?" They stepped
forward. Hillary made a wounded animal noise in her throat, and moved forward
crawling, her face now, burning in shame, dispite her condition. 

     She imagined the picture she presented crawling naked terribly sexually
aroused her penchant swelled breasts swaying her hot ass offered up. She crawled
to each person and repeated the required words trying  not to look at their
faces . Fortunately they all answered yes quickly, and having made the circuit
she was now back in front of Jaclyn on her knees in the center of the room.

     Jaclyn reached down and cupped Hillarys flushed breasts, pulled on her
engorged nipples. Hilary moaned loudly.

     "My you are a little sex animal" Jaclyn mocked, her fingers continuing to
move and move until Hillary was shaking and quivering uncontrollably, and her
sleek thighs  quivering like startled birds.  

     "Now ask me ."

       "Please Mistress, may I entertain you with my orgasm." Hillary managed to
gasp out, not even thinking any more of the others watching.

     "Yes you may" Jaclyn replied twisting her fist in Hillary's damp hair and
drawing her forward from her knees  until she was stretched out laying on her
stomach on the floor. Jaclyn pressed her booted foot firmly into Hillarys ass.
Hillary moaned as her pubis was pressed against the rug.

     " But just like a little sex animal dear, by rubbing yourself against the
carpet right here in front of everyone. Now do it."  Jaclyn joggled and pressed
with her foot, mashing and moving Hillary's yearning pubis against the carpet. 
Hillary couldn't help herself,  she had been so long denied, her hips moved ,
Jaclyn's foot urged her on,  wouldn't let her stop, even if she wanted to.
Hillary scratched, squirmed, ground, and humped her body against the carpet, her
knees scrambling, twitching, burning against it, until......... she came  As her
orgasm subsided she heard the tail end of the applause......, and of  the
laughter.       

Comments welcome email=byjack007@aol.com

Copyright (c) 2001, allrights reserved.  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Blueknight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





