BDSM Library - Snow White(The True Story)




Snow White(The True Story)
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a modified story of princess Snow White about how she was controlled and used by the princes and the seven dwarfs.
I hope you are old enough for fairy storie`s?

Story by Pagon,if you like it,lets talk. KAYCE69@FSWORLD.CO.UK

SNOW WHITE(THE TRUE STORY)

Hello I am,more by luck than anything else, a Princess. You may remember me by
my maiden name, Snow White. I do want to put the facts of my story right so I
should start just after my father died and I was left with my stepmother. You
know her as the Wicked Queen but what you don't know is that she had two sons
before she meet dad and drove him to his grave.They were one year older and one
year younger than me.

My story starts when I was fourteen.The two boys were always fighting with me.
They loved to overpower me and tie me up, leaving me to try to escape. There was 
no point in me telling on them as they always were the ones to be believed and I
would only be sent to my room for lying.

Anyway. Soon things started to take a turn for the worse and my ordeal really
began.

One night I had been sent to my room early and was just laying on top of my bed
when Richard and Tom slipped into the room. Before I could do anything to stop
them, my hands were tied behind me, my knees were bound with a large strap and
they were sitting ether side of me with evil grins on their faces.

"You've tied me to tight. Please let me go" I said as I struggled to get free.
"That's the idea Sis,so shut the fuck up" Tom answered to my shock "Now you just
let me go. Do you hear me" I  tried to say but "MMMRRPPPHH" was all I could get
out before a rag was shoved into my mouth and wrapped around to keep it in
place. "I said shut the fuck up" Tom spat with anger in his voice "It's time to
teach you a lesson as to who is master here". With that a slap across my face
made me jump and more hard slaps rained down on me stinging my bottom. I twisted
and turned trying to move from the pain.

"Tie her to the bed and let's have some real fun with her" said Richard,as a
rope was tied around my neck and to the head of the bed. My ankles were then
tied to the foot of the bed,stretching me. "Lay into her" Tom shouted and slaps
came thick and fast "Use your belt".

I had no time to think as a slap from a belt stung me and I was nearly sick into
the gag. "This is great" said Tom "Lets do it on her bare ass. Get her night
shirt off. It's protecting her". I screamed into the gag to no avail as I felt
my nightgown being pulled up my legs.

People used to say I looked older than I was. Looking back I suppose they were
right. I had very large breasts but I would keep my blouse pulled tight to hide
them and my long skirts were enough to keep my legs away from prying eyes. But
here I was tied hand and foot to my bed,  lying face down and gagged with my two
stepbrothers about to see my naked bottom and there was nothing I could do about
it. I was brought back to my senses with Richard giggling "Wow. What a great ass
you got there sis. And cute little panties too". "Go on then. lets get her ass
redder"said Tom as more and more smacks from both belts sent me lurching in my
binds. "Hang on.Tom said "Let's pull her panties up her crack". This they
did,squeezing my bottom, sore as it was, and pinching my stinging bottom "Your
panties don't seem to be saving you much are they sis" Richard laughed "No point
in having them on. Is there" said Tom and with a swift pull my panties went down
to the leather around my knees."Now that's better" Richard said "Undo her legs
from the bottom Tom. Lets get that ass of hers up in the air. Get some cushions
under her".  I now found my poor naked bottom on full view. "Lets use our hands
on her. It's not every day you get a nice naked ass to play with. Come here sis.
Give us a feel". Tom was at his worst and his hand started to fondle my bottom.
"Looks nice all red" said Richard as his head came down beside me "Want us to
sting you some more?" I shook my head. I could still feel Toms hand on my
bottom. "Then you be a good girl and maybe we won't hurt you. You don't do as we
say and I'll sting you till you bleed". I still nodded. "Hey Tom get her turned
over. Lets have a look see at the other bits". The two of them turned me over.

I was still on the cushions and it made my hips push up. "Lets play with some
cunt". Those words filled me with fear. I moaned into the gag as fingers dug
into my pussy and started to pull the lips apart. "She ain't even wet" said Tom.
"Then tickle her some more,mum like`s to be tickled there makes her wet,see if
sis get`s wet" said Richard "I'm going to see me some tits". I shook my head but
my night shirt got pushed up higher until it was bunched up under my neck and
fingers were pulling at my nipples "You've got some great tits, sis" said 
Richard and the both of them spent the next ten minutes pushing into my pussy
and pulling and squeezing my breasts and nipples as I lay there helpless to stop
them.

"Shall we fuck her" said Tom "I reckon we could work on her wanking her up till
she was wet enough to stick it in". "Mum would kill us if we knocked her up"
said Richard "We couldn't lie our way out of that unless we get sis to ask us to
fuck her. Do you want us to fuck you" he asked me and I shook my head. "I've got
to get rid of this hard on. Maybe there's another way or do you want to be
raped?" I still shook my head.

"I saw mum do this to some of her boyfriends when your dad was on his death bed"
he said "So it's time we had some. I'm going to take the gag out. You don`t say
a word". He took the gag off. I went to say something and all I got was a slap
on my face. "I said you stay quiet. Now heres the deal. It's fuck or suck and if
you don't understand what I'm saying it means me and Tom are going to stick our
cocks in your mouth and you are going to suck us till we feed you a mouth full
of cum". I couldn't think of doing it but they untied my neck, pulled  me to the
edge of the bed and took their cocks out. "Come on little sis. Open that tight
little mouth of yours and make it like a cunt that needs to start sucking. And
you better do it good bitch". said Richard. After another slap on the face I
opened  my mouth. "That's  it bitch. Get this down your throat". and Richard
pushed his cock into my mouth. I wanted to be sick but all he said was "Breath
through your nose. I'm going all the way in". he pulled my hair and started
shoving,"come on Rick",said Tom" lets get some,""you hang on,this is great,beats
a hand job,you play with her tits or give her cunt a good feel,I,m sure she
would like a nice wank from someone's fingers,do you play with yourself sister
dear,don,t worry I don,t think I.ll be long this time",all these words were
terrifying me as I fought to breath,I must have almost pasted out,as I was a
about chocked on Richards cum filling my throat,and Tom shouting," me next," and
it was`nt long before my poor mouth was invaded again,Tom was much worse than
his brother he took extra pleasure pushing in and holding it till I licked the
end or chocked,he made me kiss it all over before spurting into my mouth and
then I had to clean it off.

They untied me and told me they were already looking forward to there next fun
time and not to worry about looking out for them as they had taken the key, over
the next two weeks they  got me seven times,each time I was tied up somewhere in
the palace and forced to suck them while they kept me in various forms of
undress, it was the next time that things took there next turn,  I was tied and
on my bed,I had just had to 69 with Richard and I was sucking off Tom, they were
talking to each other",mothers in a foul mood,ya something to do with her
mirror,something about her not being the best fuck anymore,I hope she don,t get
rid of her,would miss my face fuck" Richard said"ya me to and with what we got
planned as well",I did`nt know what they were saying but I did`nt like the sound
of it,but it was only two days till I found out what it was.

They caught me in the barn,stripped me naked and tied my hands above my head to
a beam,"If this don,t get her hot and asking for a fuck I don.t know what
will",said Richard,"lets warm her arss some before the main event" grinned
Tom,and he took of his belt,took two paces back and whipped it across my naked
bottom,MMMRRRPPHH,is all that could be heard ,as I screamed into another
gag,Richard joined in and for the next five minutes I was beaten for their
enjoyment,"go get him "Richard said,and Tom left the barn only to return with a
horse,Richard put his fingers into my pussy and pushed them around,he had learnt
a lot from wanking me and how to get some juice in me, then he put them into the
horse`s nose,the horse`s head moved towards me and down,the boys pulled my legs
apart,Tom said" Make a wish Rick" and the horse muzzled into my pussy and
started licking,I went wild,it`s rasping tongue ran over my pussy, touching
places I did`nt understand,oh how.my body shook and the more it shook the wetter
my pussy became the more the horse licked only the pain in my arms took my mind
of  the pleasure,Tom said, "Get her down on her back .tie her to that bottom
rail,I want to watch and she will keep her legs open" and to my shame, I did.

They left the horse for another five minutes till my eyes were rolling then
Richard said",Get the thing out, she`s ready,"and Tom took the horse out while
Richard carried on rubbing me and wanking my pussy,he,d learnt a lot in the last
few weeks, Tom came back and said" O.K.sis you want to fuck some",with all my
strength I said" Nooooo never with you," I muffled through the gag," O,K get her
over that saddle bench",I was dragged over my hands tied infront and my legs
tied to each leg,"You won`t take it up the cunt than I,ll have your ass,and I.ll
use your cunt juice to fit it up there,"I felt fingers pulling my checks apart
and his cock running round my pussy nub till it started to push into my
bottom,Tom said" After I stick it up, take the gag out and use her mouth," and
in two minutes there I was bound over a bench with my two stepbrother fucking me
at both ends,and for I don`t know how long they changed ends,played with my tits
and made crude comments till they were drained,"Did you enjoy that, you fucking
bitch,we are going to fuck you one day and that's a promise,you can,t escape,we
going to make you are sex slave for as long as we like,your cunt,arss and mouth
are our`s for the taking".   I could see the look of hate and lust in their eyes
and kept out of their way,I spent most of my time in the stables I did,nt know
if the horse remembered me but he was very happy, every time I went to see
him,one of the grooms noticed me there and must have told the Queen, she sent
for me and told me it was time I learnt to ride,so in the morning two of her
grooms were going to take me out for the day,so I better be up early.

By eight in the morning we were ridding out from the palace,the two grooms
did`nt talk to me much but I did hear bits of their talk, things like,"she
better be in a better mood after this and its her and that mirror" I did`nt
understand but I was far from the two boys and that was great, we had been out
for two hours when we came to a wood,"can we go in",I asked "no we don,t go in
there,we have,nt since the Queen turned a gang of men to trees for laughing at
her",that made me laugh,"there no such thing as a enchanted wood",I said but I
did want to stop to go  for a pee,we camped up on the edge and I went behind a
tree,they got some food out for me and plenty of drink for them,as I was eating
I heard them say",now is as good a time as any,lets get it over with and have
the rest of the day to ourselves,"With that they suddenly grabbed me and pulled
me over to the tree,taking some rope they tied me to it,I shouted" What are you
doing,the Queen will hear of this,"they laughed".It,s the Queen that wants it
done,you little miss proper,you have pissed her off and she wants you gone, as
in dead",  "No no" I cried,"Now do you want to watch while we cut your heart
out, so we can take back proof of you demise,"and he came towards me with a
knife he held it to my throat as his other hand undid the buttons on my
blouse,as he did, more and more of my large breasts were released and when the
last button was undone he let out a long whistle,"Fuck me how old are
you,fourteen with tit,s and nipples like that,were have you been hiding
them",the other said "I have got to get me a hand full of them".

The two of them stood ether side of me playing with my young firm
breasts,pulling and pinching them all over,they put their mouths down onto my
nipples and I could feel my skirt being pulled up my leg and hands on my leg`s
then going up my thighs,they took time off my nipples to make crude comments
like,"Want some young cunt,don,t mind if we have some fun with your cunt little
girl,your cunt feels nice through your pants,think we should have them down,"one
said,"She ain`t going nowhere, lets tie her good and have some fun, I could do
with a good blow and I bet she fucks up well and her ars feels full and firm," 
"Please no no you can`t" ,I sobbed,"Where your going girlie it won`t matter how
many times you,ve been fucked,so lets get you naked".  I was untied from the
tree and my blouse was pulled off,.my arms were bent up my back and tied
tight,"That's to keep them out of the way of your ass for when I,m ready to use
that",one said then  they tied another rope onto my arms threw the rope over a
branch and pulled till I was bent over on my tip toes,I heard," A good position
to swat her ass while we fuck her mouth,lets have that skirt off and them pants
down",the tears were running down my face as rough hand started to pull at my
skirt,as it slid down I heard," That's some ars for a kid,sure looks nice with
these pants pulled over it",I could feel them touching me and patting my
bottom,a hand slid down inside the pants and around my bottom trying to push
between my legs,as I was stood on my tip toes it was easy for one of them to
left my leg and make it easy for the invadeing hand to explore at it`s
will,their crude remarks never stopped, "I can see your hand.it,s heading for
the happy hole",they seemed to like the idea of tracing the out-line of their
hand on my most privite parts while in my pants,"How many have been in your
pants,little girl,"one asked,"Iv,e let no-one," I said,"Gee she could be
cherry,lets have a look,get them down" ",No no no" I sobbed,it was no good, my
pants where pulled down to my knees and fingers pushed,pinched and explored me,"
Fucking hell she is cherry,"he yelled",Tell you what we,ll do,we can first fuck
her mouth and get rid of our first load,then we can whip her up so she,s nice
and hot then we will draw for who busts her cherry,we will have a great
afternoon then we will do her or maybe just fuck her to death,bring the drink
over here and let the party begin",They spoke as though I was not there as a
person I was to become their sex toy.

My hours of torment were relentless these two men could not get enough of
me,after I had sucked them both of, they got their ridding crops and stung me
all over till I begged them to stop,with their faces grinning they said "If we
stop what else can we do,"and they made me beg to be fucked,I don,t know which
one won the draw as my poor pussy was violated for the first time the other one
was pounding my mouth,holding my head he just pushed it so far down I thought I
would choke to my death,all the time my hanging tits were abused,pulled and
pinched to make wiggle my bottom to make it better for them,they kept saying"
Come on girlie do the dance push your arss on to my cock,make me fuck you,you
know you love it,you know your cunt can,t get enough," as they took turns
fucking my poor bruised pussy.

They stopped to take a break and have more drink also forcing drink down my
throat,saying they could,nt have my throat going dry on them,after the rest they
changed my position so I could sit on one while the other fucked my mouth,they
promised  to do me both in one hole, but there was time for another drink,they
tied my hands infront of me laid back and watched me wank myself for their
enjoyment telling me what to do to myself.were to put my fingers and what to
play with,they made me push my fingers in and scoop out their cum and then lick
it off,I got them hard again, they made me sit between them and toss them
off,one in each hand,"Hey look at that",one said",Your horse has got a hard on
do you think he can smell her",  "Hey come on lets find out,"was the answer and
they dragged me over to the  horse and shoved me under it,I was screaming but
they took no notice,"Get your mouth on Flash girl" he snapped and they forced me
on to it,shoving my head forword,I put my hand up to stop them but they grabbed
my hands and told me to keep wanking them as they knelt ether side of the
horse,it tasted foul but I could do nothing to stop this perverted act,"Come on
you little cocksucker do him good or we will let him fuck you to death",I kept
sucking,this went on for ages,until my mouth was suddenly filled with this foul
tasting cream I tried to pull away but they held my head firm and I choked
myself into breathing,"Hey that was great I,ve got a raging hard on again,"said
one,"Me to", said the other, "As good a time as any to double fuck her, I don,t
want her mouth no more," and they took me back to the tree laid me on my side
and put a rope over a branch,tied one leg to it and hoisted my leg up, one laid
in front of me feeling my tits the other behind pinching my bottom as they both
pushed their cocks into my swollen pussy,they pleasured themselves once
again,till they were spent and rolled away for more drink,I realized I could get
my ankle lose and my clothes were close by,they had left my shoes and socks on,
they said it made it sexier,so I took my chance and before they knew it  was
running in to the wood,and I ran and ran till I had to rest,I was surrounded by
trees I thought it was strange but the looked as if their branches were moving
towards me but I was still on the run at that is what I did for another hour I
ran till I saw a small house, I went to the door and called but no reply I went
in, still calling no-one, I looked about,I saw a old cracked mirror,looked at
myself, my face and hair was covered in sticky semen,I washed in a filthy sink,
found a comb and made myself look presentable before going upstairs to keep
looking for the owner,I saw a lot of beds and suddenly I just collapsed on to
one and fell into a horrid dream filled sleep.

I woke to the stench of unwashed bodies,to see seven dirty looking small men.I
went to get up to explain but found I was tied to the bed,my hands above my head
to the head of the bed,my ankles to the bottom and ropes around me,"It`s all
right",I said ",I,m not here to make trouble"  ",We will be the judge of
that",their leader answered",Tell us why you are here",I cleared my throat and
told them I was on the run because my wicked stepmother wanted me dead  and
could I stay a while,till the coast was clear,"We need a maid to clean and
cook",said one,"She,ll be off and running as soon as are back is turned,"said
another,"She won,t if we put the chain up,"chirped in someone else,"Good idea
"said the leader",Lets go fix it up,you two keep an eye on her",and five of them
left, as the two remaining looked at me with evil eyes,I tried not to look at
them for the length of time it took for the leader to return,"O.K. you two lets
go leave her to sleep we have the chain in place,and we will see who's to guard
her tomorrow later",he said,"Don`t worry about that,we will give up a day to
watch her and make sure she does the cleaning,"the evil one grinned as he
spoke,"O.K" said the boss,"You two have got the job but as there will be less of
us,don,t expect us back till later," and with that he left,as the two followed
him down I heard one say to the other,"More time to see that  the maid has hers
hands full and that will be nice," and I fell into a unhappy sleep,was I still
in big trouble.

I woke to shouting and banging noises,I was very stiff from the way they had
left me tied,the leader came in to the room with the two who had scared me last
night,he barked,"Get her untied and bring her down,"I was taken down to the big
room,and there from the middle beam a long chain hung,at the end was a collar
which was put around my neck and the key was given to my guards,I was still in a
daze as they set off and left me to do my work,before I started I asked if I
could wash and go to the toilet,the nasty guard said,"You can see the sink and
there's a bucket under it",the chain would not let me get out of sight so I had
to hide the best I could,the two guards watched with their evil grins getting
wider.

I set to and did very well in the first hour, the two just sat and played with
the dogs.I looked at them, they  were small but in a strange way,their arms were
big, as were their hands,their legs short but powerful and their groin area was
a strange shape, maybe that was why they were short,anyway I busied myself in
work at least I was safe.

I was thinking about other things,when the two of them came up to me and said
that I had worked very well and I need a rest, as one undid the collar the other
took my arms and tied them behind me,"Now you go and lie down,we will help you
up stairs",and they walked me upstairs as it was useless to fight,"There you
go,sit on your bed,"he said and I was pushed down roughly and my legs were
tied,"Oh please don't tie them so tight",I asked, "I.m sorry,am I marking
them,"he said" Must`nt do that to such nice legs must I,are they still sore from
all that running,"  " Yes that's right,"I answered",Let me look",he asked and
that grin came back," No,no thank you,"I tried to say,but it was to late,they
both got hold of my skirt and started to pull it up,"No no you can`t do
that,stop it",I screamed,"Oh go on, just a little look at your panties,just a
little feel up there."   "Nooo,let me g---,"a filthy rag was taken from one of
their pockets  and jammed in my mouth and a voice came from behind me,"Shhhh no
need to get silly,we just want you quiet so we can play with your pussie for a
while,nothing to get upset about, we only want to finger your cunt and make it
all slippery we are just going to have a little feel round.just see what you got
up there,we have wanted to see your legs,pants and cunt since last night,we
don,t want to fuck sheep now your here and while he looks at your cunt,I,m going
to have a handful of tit and if your really lucky we may just strip you naked
and let you get rid of a load for us,sounds fun don,t it",as he was saying that,
the other had got his hand up my skirt and was rubbing my pussy lips through my
pants,he was grinning at me as he watched his mate pushing his hand into my
blouse and starting to squeeze me hard,pinching my nipples and making me
squirm,"keep her moving, it feel`s lovely with a hand full of moving cunt lip`s
I,m just going into her pants for a hand full of cunt,this is going to be one
hot hour or two",they laughed as I struggled to no avail.they just did anything
they wanted to me,I was at their mercy and with horror I new what that odd shape
was in their trousers.

My ordeal began,they laid me on my back.pulled my skirt off and both of them
played with my pants,pulling them from side to side saying peek- a- bo,then
pushing their hands down inside,so they could see their hand outlined,playing
with my pussie and they were saying awful things like, I got some cunt,lets wank
it or shall we finger fuck it for a while,and they did,they did for more than a
while,then my pants were pulled off and they both got down on me trying to see
who could put their tongue up furthest,next they pulled my blouse down and took
a tit each,sucking, biting and pulling my nipples as far out as they would
go,the nasty one said,"Come on lets get her in a fucking position go get some
rope",then my legs were pulled apart and up, my knees were pulled back and tied
to the bed head,then my ankles were tied to the sides of the bed,pillows were
piled behind my head and my shoulders were pulled back hard against the
headboard making my head shove forward,with my hands tied behind me I was both
uncomfortable and exposed,they looked at me and took of their clothes.Their
cocks fell out as they slid their pants off,they were only half erect but they
looked more like that horse than anything else and they looked at me as they
played with themselves,"Want some of this,"he barked at me,his cock was all
bumps and warts,with a huge purple head,covered in large pimples," I.m having
her first",the nasty one said,"You plug her mouth,you should enjoy that sweet
sucking mouth".mmmpprrhh  I screamed in my gag.but to no use,as one positioned
himself between my spread legs,the second climbed on my chest ,twisting my
nipples,making me jump, tears ran down my face,he spoke,"If you don,t want to be
hurt,lay still and do as your told,now don,t speak,your mouth will have enough
to do today,I,ll take the gag off but don.t talk",he pulled the gag out,I went
to plead but just got a backhander,"Just open your fucking mouth wide girlie
while I tickle your tonsils",and a voice came from behind him,"Ya and I,m going
to tickle some cunt aswell,"both together they pushed into their chosen holes,as
I held my breath.oohhh I was being torn in half as they pushed themselves into
me,up up my pussy and down my throat,I thought I would choke but he did my mouth
slowly so I could breath and he said he was,nt going to rush, as fucking my
mouth would have to be long and as far down as he could go,the other problem was
all the nobles on their cocks were rubbing the inside of my pussy till I
could`nt help but get wet."She,s a fucking goer I heard,"she will have to be the
amount of fucking I am going to give her,"They fucked me for ages and as I got
wetter they shoved in me more and I was unable to stop them pumping me
full,cuming over me aswell as in me,making me lick their semen of their filthy
cocks tasting myself on them,they fetched the dogs up to lick me clean,I saw the
dogs getting hard on,s and they told me if I told what had happened they would
let the dogs take me and after seeing their erictions,I said I would stay
silent.

They untied me,but kept me naked,took me downstairs.put the collar on and I went
back to work,I got fucked again in the afternoon, on my knees,one in my pussy
and one in my mouth but they made sure I was in bed before the others got
home,Tying me to the bed then both fucking me again, the following day two
others were left to guard me,the others had been gone ten minutes when I found
myself with my hands tied to the chain above my head,with one in my pussy and
one up my ass,in that day I blowed jobbed them for lunch and in the afternoon I
was tied to the bedend,with my bottom up in the air and had to take a good
spanking as a warning what would happen if I told on them and just for good
measure they both took me from behind while I was tied to the bed.    You can
guess the next day,spread-eagled on the kitchen table,bound to the four corners
with my head hanging over the end for two hours while I was licked and fucked
many times in the cunt,ass and mouth,twice more,during the day  was threaten,if
I did,nt lay between them and use my hand and mouth on them while they played
with my tits, I would get the whipping of a lifetime,this went on for five more
days,then I got my chance, I had been really taken by three at once and I played
tired and they left me to sleep not tying me,this was my chance and I took
it,slipping on my clothes I ran as fast as I was able back to the woods where I
had come from, thought I knew the way

but I was soon lost and had to lay against a tree,oh no the trees really did
move,I could see their branches, they were moving towards me before I could run
a thin branch encircled my leg and was pulling me,another was twineing round my
wrist pulling me hard back towards the tree,suddenly all my limbs were held,I
was held firmly against the tree behind me,I felt a thin branch going across my
mouth I tried to bite it ,it did`nt taste like wood but hard and yet smooth like
skin,the tip of it pushed into my mouth, small to start with but as it went in
it grew filling my mouth,also I was aware of other branches sliding up my legs
and going up under my skirt,further and further up my leg tickling and searching
for the edge of my pantie line,pushing under,tickling the hairs on my pussy and
then working their way into my pussy,more were going into my blouse between the
buttons,encircling my breasts,playing with my long nipples,the ones in my pussy
started to swell and fill me and it was not long before I felt something up my
bottom.growing and fattening.then everything started to move and a rip�le of
pleasure started to build in me.I even thought I could hear the tree breath,the
rhythm was driving me mad,wild with lust and I came time and time
again,uncontrollable,that's how it felt.till the things in me all splat out
fluid at the same time.I lay limp against the tree until more branches from the
tree across from me reached out and grabbed at me,all of a sudden I was pulled
over to that tree my head held hard into it,what I thought was a knot in the
tree.seemed to grow,larger and larger,pushing in filling my mouth.something was
rotating on my breasts and again things were crawling up my legs and going into
my panties, into my bottom and pussy filling me and then the pumping started
again,in and out,time and time again,I could not control myself and my pussy
juices were running down my leg in rivers,I went dizzy,I was being fucked to
death,harder and harder,just as I was about to be forced to cum again I could
see,as much as my well fucked mouth would let me, more branches coming towards
me,moving ready to take me next,I could take no more and slowly drifted into
oblivion.

I was brought back by the sound of crashing and thumping, it was the little men
they had huge clubs and they were beating the branches back,they released me and
carried me back to the house were I laid for days alone.

I drifted in and out of sleep filled with wild dreams,and it must have been days
before my body relaxed and I could move,I new I must be getting better as a
guard was posted with orders not to touch me,so he just lazed around all day as
I slept more than moved and also I did not have to work that was a bonus, some
days later in the middle of the morning,I was awoke by and thump and a cry,my
guard was nowhere to be seen and stood in the doorway was an older woman,very
tall and her firm body did not look right on a woman of that age,beside her was
an awful looking midget,she spoke,"Hello could I have a drink of water,we,re
lost and it`s very hot today,"I gave her the water and she thanked me and asked
if I,d like to share her apples,I was still in shock so not thinking I said yes,
and took a bite.   After that, everything seemed to go strange,it was as if the
apple was in my throat choking the life out of me I felt week and I looked at
her and all I saw was hate,as the numbness starting coursing through me and my
body started to slow down,I slumped into a chair,"Hello Snow White",she
said,"How does it feel to be dieing,this apple will slowly take your life away
and you will feel it go,it my take five or six days and slowly all your scenes
will go, the last to go will be feeling,hearing,taste and smell and you are
powerless to stop it ,as the apple dissolves into you,so you die and me and my
mirror will be as one again,see you can,t move to well now can you,shall we help
you to your bed",with that she ordered her troll to carry me upstairs,there they
both looked at me laying there helpless before them,"Lift your arm,up and
down,up and down see you are in my power,you have no will of your own my pretty
girl",the troll said",She may be pretty but not as wonderful as you my
Queen,"she replied" As soon as I get this spell off I will be the best,this dam
spell slows me down and makes me hot",then with a cruel smile she looked at
me,"You have caused me a lot of pain little girl,so I have an idea that you
could,maybe as a last act before death give me some pleasure,why don,t you fuck
her while she gives me some head,"I could,nt move,I could see him lick his lips
and I felt tears running down my face,she sneered," It will be wetter soon from
my cunt juice "and she started to take her clothes off.

Standing naked infront of me,I could see the hate in her eyes,put your tongue
out,I could not stop myself,my tongue had a will of it,s own,she laughed,"You
are completely in my power,this will be fun and you my little troll,why don,t
you  look up that skirt of hers,I don,t think she,ll mind,have yourself a feel
round,feel her up good,"she looked down at me",Want some thick fingers up that
cunt of yours and maybe a fucking up the ass for good measure,you can lick me
out then I,ll watch while he buggers you,and then another good licking before we
leave you to die in you own good time,oh by the way,he fucks like an animal when
he do,s,so stick your tongue out and lets get started,"Again my tongue slid out
of my mouth,as she climbed on the bed and then on to my face also I could feel
hands crawling up my legs.under my skirt ,on to my panties,pushing and probing
all around my pussy,going into my pants and my legs being pulled apart, as
finger`s played with my pussy, I was brought back as she forced herself down
over my face,I could smell her as her cunt covered my mouth and my tongue
searched out the nib on her mound",Lick bitch and suck all you can while I fuck
your mouth,don,t worry about him,he will enjoy himself,you don,t have to look
after him,he will take what he wants and that's your cunt,"she sneered the last
few words out and I could feel him starting to finger fuck me,soon he had my
skirt off ,my panties dragged to one side and if it was`nt his finger it was his
tongue or his cock that was up me,that's how it went on for the next hour.oh how
my tongue hurt but it would not stop and the more it worked the more she pushed
and ground her cunt into my face,until,thankfully she spurt her juices into my
mouth and face,it was only then that I realized how sore my pussy was with this
huge cock banging away in it,then to my horror she climbed of me and said,"turn
her over and give her ass a good fucking lets see if she can take all of you".

They got some pillows from the other beds and laid me face down with my bottom
up in the air,then they got some more and put them under my chin,I suppose
because I am still young my body heals fast so my bottom was tight again,she
bent down by my ear,"He likes a tight ars to fuck and while you are like
this,I've kept that pretty face up and in just the position for you to lick me
while I lay back and watch the show",she climbed in front of me and spread her
legs just infront of my nose,"Warm the ass up a bit before you fuck it," she
giggled,"She can still feel so let her feel your belt" and then whack,whack,ooh
if only I could scream,if only I could,nt feel the pain of ten more belts before
the end of his huge cock pushed towards my dry,painfilled arshole,still no mercy
from her as she commanded my tongue to go to work on her cunt again,it took a
long time before she splat her filthy cum into mouth as the troll thumped into
me from behind,"O k you can come now."she told the troll,and thick semen filled
my bottom,again that sneer in her voice",While her mouth is in this position let
her clean your cock off,stick it in her mouth,I will command her tongue to clean
it "and he started to push it in my mouth,the filthy thing was just going in
when banging sounds and feet coming up stairs made them jump,I heard" Some-ones
bashed Grotty see who's up there",the Queen raised her hand and was about to
give a spell when thump and a club smashed her hand,she screamed,"My magic hand
is broken,run for it"and the two of them took of down the stairs with the men in
pursuit,one of them stayed with me and was very kind,he redressed me and patted
me saying,"Why is it just as your getting ready for fucking again someone goes,
and buggers you up that cunt and ars again",we heard the others coming
back,"What happened" he asked,"That troll will never walk again and as for the
woman we found her amongst some trees with branches sticking in and out of
everywhere,so she looked to be having fun so we left her",they all laughed,then
they saw me,the one who had stayed back said",She's a goner.I think she,s
dieing,some spell not much chance "and they were right.

They decided to build a glass covered box and laid me in it.cleaned up ,freshly
washed clothes,they said I looked a picture of beauty and after some days even
the marks had healed,I lay there day after day slowly getting weaker and alone,I
was pleased one night when one of them came down and sat talking, at first he
just talked about them and their life,his life I thought at last some-one
cares,but it soon turned out that he missed fucking me and he had a big hard on
that he wanted to do something about it,he said "Hope you don,t mind",as he
lifted the lid of glass,pulled one of my legs over one side of the box and then
the other the same,put his hand up my skirt and started to feel me up,he pushed
his fingers into my pussy and on up scratching my already torn innerwall,he
said" that feels a bit bloody,guess I,ll have to use your mouth "and I was
pulled back and up the back of the box holding my head he was just shoving it in
down and down,then he stooped and said" Something was stopping it going down",he
pulled out and looked in my mouth as he did that I heard horses hooves and they
stopped outside,and a real mans voice said",Hello anybody there",the bastard who
was at me quickly straighted me up and called him in",I,m looking for a lost
girl,"then he must have seen me",Is that her",he asked,the little man said "That
they had found me like this and had been looking after me,"I thought why don,t
you tell him you bastards have been fucking and raping me for days and you would
have again if he had,nt come along",Let me see her" he said" and you can go
outside and tend my horse,"he bent down over me," Let me kiss you a kiss from a
prince should help you,"boy did he kiss me,but nothing happened,then he
said",Maybe a feel up your skirt,"I thought here we go again as his hand went
into my pants and started to feel my pussy,just as he was about to push in I
jumped and that piece of apple shot out of my mouth,he jumped and torn my pussy
making it bleed",Oh no I have taken your innocence I must marry you ,it is a
princes duty,"I had cracked it, we got sorted and we were out of there and on my
way to a wonderful life.

He took me to his wonderful estate,my dream home,we lived in a big house and the
servants lived in the estate buildings,so we were never disturbed between the
hours of six at night and eight in the morning,life was bless till about nine
days ago when my husband said he had to go away for three months to oversee his
lands,but would make sure I was safe.

My wonderful husband so tender and loving was leaving me,but would keep me
safe,oh happiness,I thought until the day he left,he took me to the main hall to
meet the four grooms who were to guard me and the mansion,my heart sank as he
said",You will be safe my love, some of the grooms come from that far of land
where you used to live" and I saw the two men who had tried to kill me,I could
say nothing,if my love found out I had tricked him,it would be the end of my
fairy tale life,I said" Hello" as he shock their hand and went to his steed and
a last kiss for me and off  he and his trusted servant rode and left me to face
those men,I was going to show them they could not mess with a princess.

I confronted them in the main hall I told them their duties but they said they
would do what they pleased when they pleased,I was not to interfere,just make
sure they got paid I said" Right then I will join my husband and will write and
tell the other servants I was going and then I would join my husband and then
they would be in big trouble,"I wrote that I was going and two of them took the
notice to the main kitchens,the other two just laughed at me and I was so afraid
that I ran back to my big bedroom to lock myself away till I could get away the
next day.

I rushed in and went to turn the key to close it when I was yanked back as a big
hand closed over my mouth,a foul tasting thing was forced into it and some cloth
wrapped round to stop me spitting it out,I was dragged to the floor and my arms
pulled behind my back,ropes secured my elbows and wrists,my ankles were tied and
my dress pushed up so my knees could be fastened as well,I heard someone
say",Shall we go any higher,I bet there's something warm,wet and tasty up there
just ready to suck a finger or two" and there was laughter,it was the two other
grooms,the door opened and the others came in ,looking down at me the mean one
smiled that awful smile I remembered from a year ago,he spoke slowly enjoying
every word,"Well,well,miss high and mighty now who,s making the rules,you have
left a note telling everyone your going a way,well in some ways that's true,you
are going to spend your time here,during the day we will keep you
gagged,sometimes with your soiled panties, like you are now other times with
something's Jack has made,he,s a good blacksmith,and tied nice and tight,one of
us will be here at all times to keep you company just in case you feel like some
fun and don,t won,t to use your fingers on that pretty little cunt of your`s and
at six when the other staff have gone home we will be all here, for a all night
party,we will give you some rest,have to be seen in the tavern some times,just
to make it look good,but as I said down stairs we will do what we please and
when we please and what we will do, is you, your cunt,arss and mouth and
sometime`s we can hold those lovely big tit`s together and fuck them too and
with you tied nice and tight you can`t stop us we may feel like making that arss
and those tit`s a lovely shade of red,but you could suck us so well,with that
sweet little mouth of your`s, we won`t bother,but it will be fun finding
out",they all laughed,"Jack gets to stay first and play with her, as it is his
little toys that will make this time a great time,see you later little
princess".

Jack pulled me up to make me  try and stand on my bound legs and then stood back
to admire me,"They told me you were a good looker,you are and those tits of your
are just my type I love to play with big frim young tits",as he said that he
went behind me and his hands came round"You,ve got a fucking good handful for a
young bride,I bet your old man can`t get enough of these beauties I,m going to
maul and tug at your tits,lets have them out to play," he whispered,he untied my
elbows and pulled down my top,then retied them,"I like to make them stick out
more,and I,m going to keep your elbows well back"he grinned,then he undid my
wrists and let my top fall,retied them and pull the rest of my gown down,"Time
for your panties and what's in them later" he said,"For now lets give your jugs
a good going over",then he started licking,sucking and pinching my tit,s till
the were unbearably sore,he got some cord out of his bag,pulled a chair over and
bent me over it letting my tit`s hang down then he tied each one up at the base
till I thought they would burst,pulling me back up he stood and gazed at these
huge balloons infront of me,"I said I like them big and soon they will get
bigger as will those lovely nipples they will poke out nice and long",he spoke
with his eyes full of lust",Now lets get you on the bed and start having real
fun,with them milker`s",he picked me up and through me on the bed,dragging me to
the middle,he lay beside me,I thought he was going to chew my nipples off,they
way he bit and sucked on them after a while his hand went down into my pants and
started his feeling up as he called it,pushing fingers into me,he suddenly
said",This little hole feels very tight,has`nt your old man got much of a dick,
I,m going to have to widen you up a bit to get my cock up you it,s no good I
will have to get rid of a load",he untied my legs pulled my pants off,crossed my
ankles and tied them tight, got some cushions from the couch and turned my on to
them,it left my tits to hang between the cushions and my ass in the air and he
then he pushed his fingers into me" I said I would widen you lets get some cunt
juice flowing my pretty one just give you a good two finger fucking," and there
I lay, on my stomach with this horrid man pushing his finger`s in and out of
me,then he took me from behind pushing his fat cock into my abused pussy and
pulling himself into me by my bound tits,he humped away at me for ages till he
came flooding my poor sore pussy,I cried into my gag,he said, " Don,t cry,I,m
only going for a piss and then I,ll be back for more of your body and next time
you can look at me while I fuck your sweet cunt again",he was`nt gone more than
a minute before he was turning me over and rubbing his thick cock up and down my
opening while back, biting my poor balloon shaped breasts,and then with out
warning he shouted" lets fuck" and ploughed his cock hard into me and started
rutting me like a mad animal on heat,before it was  another's turn, he had
fucked off between my tit,s saying he had got rid of enough to make that last
the longest,and it did.

The next one tied my hands infront of me and then strung me to a beam,he said he
would untie my tit`s after I had done a dance for him,so there I was with my
hands tied above my head gyrating and swaying for this evil man, while he walked
around me tickling my pussy and bottom,flicking my nipple`s and pinching my
tit`s he did untie them but did not leave them alone while he fucked my pussy
and then,with great force buggered me while I was still stood there,his cock was
so big I thought I would be ripped in half,the other two were just as
unforgiving as one by one they fucked my pussy and bottom,and true to their word
never let me lose or remove the gag till six o clock came and my real torment
began.

Two more beds were brought into the room and the door was locked,mead and wine
were all over the table,as they gathered round me,"time to untie you for a while
so we can party,first I think we should bath you,I don,t know want you have been
doing all day but your covered in some sort of sticky stuff and that would never
do for a princess",he laughed and they came at me,the first thing they did was
to take my pants and push them into my pussy,saying, this will clean out all the
stuff you have up there and it will be nice for you to suck on tomorrow,after
that I was bathed,their hands went everywhere,I could,nt stop them and they just
made remarks that made me sick at the thought of what was going to happen to me
for the next three months, they first gave me a spanking hitting me all over my
body as they let me run around the room trying to save myself,I gave up and let
them take me,as one took my ass another was in my pussy as I sucked on one and
wanked of the other,the rest of the first night was sucking them to make them
hard so they could fuck my ass or pussy and if they wer`nt at me I had been
given vegetables or tools from the kitchen to wank myself and put on a show for
them,all it did was get them hard again and then they were back on and in
me,even in sleep two of them used the other beds while two of them slept in my
bed making me fuck or suck them when they wanted,the morning would come and the
ropes and gag would be used on me again,you may be thinking how am I writing
this,well Jack has renewed this chair,my legs are clamped and there is a steel
band around my waist,there is a head band which holds my head in plaice,it has a
band that covers my mouth,in that peace there is a long leather pole that goes
into my mouth and stops me from making a sound or a leather ring that keeps my
mouth open for their use at any time,the worse thing is that over the last two
days they have been pouring a liquid into my gag and pushing this potion up me,
into my pussy it does things to me,I feel as if I have no control to say no I
need to be fucked and as they fuck me the mixture coats their cocks and make
them harder,hornier and last longer,they told me it,s from a herb an old lady
makes for them and they have bottles of it,I did,nt tell you that this chair
leaves my hands free,I can,t undo the locks,I can see the key hanging by my bed
but can,t get there, also Jack has fitted two eight inch leather poles in the
middle of the seat and they are well coated with the potion and well inside me,I
think I can hear footsteps,the tavern must be closed so it must be time for my
legs,ass,and mouth to be open,they say tonight that it,s time to cut my cunt
hairs so they can see it all and it should grow back by the time my husband gets
home,still I.m in no place to stop them,they have taken some of my money and
given the rest of the staff a weekend away so they can take me around the estate
and make me visit the animals,they can remember I do a good job on ponies.

Well now you know the true story and there ain,t no happy ending,well not that I
can see from where I,m sat, they have just come in and they have to boys with
them,one older and one younger,the older one spoke,"Hi sis told you we were
going to fuck you,well .

PAGAN




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





