BDSM Library - The State




The State
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An epic story about a near future world of legal slavery.
This is a work of fiction written by The Odd Side of Jeff. It is intended for
adult audiences and should not be read by anyone who is not of legal age or who
objects to sexually explicit material.




The State
by The Odd Side of Jeff


The laws were changed after the big crash. It seemed like nearly everyone was in
debt, deep debt. The government was under big time pressure from the banks to do
something about dead beats. For a solution they turned to history. Debtors
prisons. Entire families were trucked off to "rebuilding camps" where they were
housed in cells, and forced to work for whomever hired them for the day. Busses
with bars on the windows could now be seen all over the country. Prisoners, in
chains and under armed guard, being transported to their temp jobs.

The culture very quickly accepted working next to prisoners. Those not in debt
saw the debtors as bringing down the country's economy and moral standing. It
served them right and now they are working off the loans. Of course, there was
no way for anyone to ever get in the black. They were paid the "new minimum
wage" and charged a very high price for their cells, food, transportation and
clothing.

Many of the debtors began to try to find new ways of getting out. An underground
economy formed, with families turning to another part of history. Selling a
family member into slavery.

Slavery was still illegal and it was difficult for a owner to keep his property.
Elaborate contracts were arranged, a new specialty in lawyering made sure of
this. Slaves were often taken to unfamiliar parts of the country and always
under very tight control. When an escaped slave went to the police, they were
freed, returned to the families, and then forced to pay back what they got paid
plus interest. This was a very profitable system for the state because it put
more families in prison.

But the rich, those that could vote, quickly angered. They were out a lot of
money that was never getting paid back. And, more importantly, their slaves were
becoming an essential part of their lives. Most were sources of income. Free
labor for their factories, stores, restaurants and homes. Police often turned a
blind eye to the dishwasher chained to the sink or the gardener with whip marks.
The slaves were treated very harshly and were often resold to work in mines or
factories if they were not highly competent.

The national referendum came about when the state began freeing many slaves. 
The demand for prisoner temp work was growing exponentially, while the amount of
debtors left was dwindling. The referendum made it legal for a person to
voluntarily sell his or her life to the highest bidder. All slavery would be for
life and enforced by the state.

Young, healthy and attractive people fetched a very high price. Babies were
often sold before they were born, enough money was paid for them that a small
family could be set for quite a while.

Slaves were all the rage. Nearly everyone led a slave around on a leash as they
went about their day. School children had their own personal slaves who would
carry their books, serve them lunch and of course serve their primary purpose,
status symbol. Slave security systems became a national obsession. Complex
electronic monitoring, remote punishment and invisible fencing was now in every
home.

Monica grew up in a home like that. She had her first personal slave when she
turned 16. Her slave was a 15 year old girl she named Bunny. Girls usually owned
girls, and boy owned boys. Though some houses ignored that rule and let the kids
buy whomever they wanted. Monica didn't really want a slave, she didn't enjoy
hurting people and was far to shy to tell anyone what to do. But her father
insisted, he kept many slaves in his home and business and wanted his only child
to grow up knowing how to be an owner.

David treated his slaves very harshly. They were all stored in a double
basement. Before Bunny, there were six, four adult females a young man and a
very old man. Their cells were in the upper basement containing small,
lightless, rooms with a mat to sleep on. They were allowed  8 hours a night. The
rest of the time they were worked, trained and punished. Each slave had a
location chip implanted in their abdomen. They also wore metal collars with
remote punishment capabilities. At night a voice sensor was turned on so that
any speech, or even a snore, would cause a strong electric shock.

The women that worked in the kitchen were handled by Monica's mother, Joyce. She
kept X and Y in the kitchen and Z was the server. Joyce was also a true sadist.
She would monitor her slaves all day long making copious notes about any
difficulty they had or mistake they made. At night, every night, she took them
all down to the sub basement and punish them all for each others mistakes.

It took her years to train Z how to serve while tightly chained. After a while
she was able to move with grace and ease no matter how much of an obstacle
course her uniform became. She could serve a meal perfectly while fully hooded
and no chain links on her shackled hands and feet. But Joyce always found a way
to punish, it was what she loved. When Monica was away at boarding school, now
with her new slave, Joyce would work Z naked and sexually torment her all day
long. Z was a favorite and she knew it. X and Y were often jealous of the
attention Z got and the fact that she actually got to have sex.

X and Y were often chained to the wall and forced to watch and as a bound and
helpless Z was fucked for hours with a vibrator. They had both been banned from
every having any form of sex after Joyce caught them kissing in the kitchen.
Their collars were programmed to go off if they ever spent more than a moment
less than 3 feet apart. During the day, they wore chastity belts, at night they
were chained so tight that they could not possibly touch themselves. Joyce
explained to them that this was a lifetime ban and they knew she would keep her
promise. David loved this, he would often torture X and Y by promising to have
sex with them if they accomplished some sort of impossible and humiliating act.
They knew that they could never do it, but they were forced to try. Often he
would take Z into the kitchen, place her on the counter and eat her out. Then he
would kiss X and Y on the lips, still wet from Z's juices and say... 'I bet you
miss that'.

David often fucked Z with his wife. Joyce would put her in a straitjacket and
sit on her face while David would take her as many times as his Viagra would
allow. Z really knew nothing else. This was her life and as far as she was
concerned, it was a great life. She longed for time in the sub basement with
David. The sensation he gave her broke up a remarkably repetitive life and the
harsh punishment of Joyce.

When Monica lost bunny in a card game, her parents were very upset. But, Monica
lost the slave on purpose, she did not like being an owner. David could not see
this. When she turned twenty and was half way done with collage, he sat her down
for a chat.

"I have been thinking about this for a while, and I would like you to take over
my business."

"Dad, I don't want to sell restaurant supplies."

"It is a good business and about all you have to do is show up and collect
money."

This all troubled Monica deeply. She had known for years that her father had
this plan and she never knew how she would respond. He was still young and
wouldn't really retire for years, but he wanted to start the grooming as soon as
possible. And she also knew that there was a lot more than just showing up and
collecting checks. Her father often worked late into the night and had to keep
many business slaves in line.

Monica had something else in mind. For her whole life she watched the house
slaves. And while her parents made every effort to keep her out of the basements
and away from the punishments she knew what was going on. At night she would
sneak down to the basement to watch video monitors of the sleeping slaves. To
her they looked at peace, in a sleep that was deeper than any she had ever
experienced.

One night she snuck down to the sub basement. The old man was chained to the
wall in a spread eagle position. He was trying to sleep, but sometimes let out a
snore and get an electric shock. He would quiver back to sleep, snore again and
start the process over. On the other side of the room Z was on an elaborate
torture device. Her arms were bound behind her back in a long leather sleeve,
she was wearing a corset that made her stomach so very small and pressed her
breasts high in the air. She was being held up by what looked like a triangular
balance beam and just the tips of her toes. Monica could see that she was crying
underneath her heavy leather mask. And for the rest of her youth, when she had
trouble sleeping, she would touch herself with that image in mind.

It did not take long for Monica to figure out a response for her father. She
told him that she would come work for him, but only after some travel. She told
him that she wanted to go around the world for a few years. They were rich, well
traveled, and he understood and agreed.

It was all a lie of course, she never intended to see them again since she was
going to sell herself into slavery. More and more people of means were doing it
as a way to drop out, and there were many slavers to assist them.

Slave makers would help deal with the legal issues (there were really few) and
fake a death if wanted to help families deal with this odd decision. And it took
Monica almost no time to find one she trusted.

Sam's Slave Emporium was one of the largest in the country. They promised
perfect training that would lead to the highest price for the family and the
nicest owners for the slaves. Monica knew this was probably a lie, but that is
what she wanted.

She went to Sam's just to look around. It was a large department store with
sections for house slaves, yard slaves, business slaves and sex slaves. She
browsed the slaves, all in chains, all doing the task they were trained for.
Buyers were all around, looking them over, bending them over and checking their
bodies out. None were allowed to speak unless they were asked questions. If they
answered wrong, a Sam's employee would give them a shock or a hit with a riding
crop. The buyers found this amusing and would often try to trick the slaves out.

A beautiful young woman in chains approached Monica. She looked very happy and
comfortable.

"Good afternoon Mistress, how may I serve you?" She said as she fell to her
knees and looked to the floor.

"Oh, thanks, I am just looking."

"Of course Mistress, may I ask what kind of slave are you looking for?
Mistress."

"I am not really looking for a slave."

"Is there some other way I could serve you? Mistress."

"Well, actually, I was thinking about becoming a slave"

"Oh, that is glorious news. Will you be signing up today?"

"I don't think so."

"Of course you are not, but I just love to meet people who have made the
decision I just want them to see how beautiful the life is."

"Do they treat you well?"

"As well as I deserve, I have a lot to learn. But I love to learn."

"So how does it work?"

"I will bring you a counselor."

"No that won't be necessary."

"I insist"

And before she knew it, a woman came up behind her. She was dressed in a sharp
business suit and carried a riding crop. She was definitely not a slave.

"Hello, I am Ms. Jenson. Please come with me."

Monica was struck by her force. Ms. Jenson looked straight into Monica's eyes
and made a gesture for her to follow. Monica had no choice, deep down all she
wanted to do was follow.

Ms. Jenson led her down a long hall way into the offices of Sam's. In a small
office, where took her seat at the desk.

"Sit."

Monica sat.

"Tell me, what is your name?"

"Monica"

"Your full name."

"Monica Albertson"

"I understand, Ms. Albertson, that you are intrersted in selling yourself."

"I was thinking about it."

"You will address me as Ms. Jenson. Why are you thinking about it?"

"I'm sorry Ms. Jenson. I guess I was thinking about it because I always envied
them."

"Of course you do, so many do. Do you understand that this is something you can
never take back?"

"Oh, yes, Ms. Jenson."

"Does your family need money?"

"No, Ms. Jenson, they are quite wealthy."

Monica liked talking about this. It was the first time she ever expressed this
side of herself. Ms. Jenson was pulling her closer, she wished that she could
just serve her.

"So you are not a debtor?"

"No, Ms. Jenson, not at all. I just want to be a slave."

"What kind of slave would you like to be?"

"I guess a house slave or maybe even a sex slave."

"You will address me as Ms. Jenson." And with a sudden whack she slapped the top
of Monica's head with her riding crop. Monica shuddered with joy. She had never
been disciplined like that before and it felt great.

"Please forgive me, Ms. Jenson."

"I will not. Did you know that with just some short paper work and government
registration, you could be a slave within minutes."

"No, Ms. Jenson"

"I want you to become a slave today, Monica."

"I will, Ms. Jenson."

Ms. Jenson hit a button on her cell phone.

"Danny, send in a verification and initiation team."

They wait in silence for a few minutes. Then two men in suits with folders and
clip boards come in.

"Ms. Jenson what is the perspectives name?"

"Monica Albertson."

"Monica Albertson, stand now."

Monica stands and turns towards him.

"Lower your eyes, perspective."

She complies and begins to feel the fear.

"We need your National ID."

Monica stumbles though her purse, her hands are shaking and she spills some
money and cosmetics on the floor. Finding her ID, she tries to hand it to the
man.

"No, give it to Ms. Jenson. And clean that crap off the floor immediately."

Monica drops to her knees and begins to put the stuff back in the bag. She looks
to the side and sees the bottom half of the man's legs and feet. It is a view
that thrills her and she notices that her underwear has gone wet. When the bag
is refilled and the floor clean she begins to stand. His hand grabs her shoulder
and pushes her back down.

"Ms. Jenson is establishing just who you are, stay on your knees."

"Her name is Monica Albertson, she is free and unowned, she attended Cranbrook
for prep school and two years at Columbia. She had a B average at both schools
and once owned slave number 51623B registered to her by the name of Bunny. She
is 20 years old, she is 5'5" tall, weighs 120 pounds, has naturally red hair and
no tattoos or scars. She carries no debt and her family has over 10 million in
assets. Her health is exceptional, though there is a genetic probability of
heart disease. She has never had a sexual disease. She is fluent in English and
no other languages and is more capable in math than language."

The men both check things off on their clipboards as Monica listened to this
remarkably accurate account of her life. She had no idea just how much
information she carried around on her card.

The other man spoke.

"Monica Albertson, are you, under your own free will, giving up your freedom in
exchange for money? Do you understand that once the papers are signed and
witnessed, there is no turning back? Do you understand that once you sign the
papers you will be registered with the government as a slave and will be treated
as such for the rest of your life? Do you understand that the penalty for escape
is death?

"Yes sir."

She had no idea about the escape thing, but it seemed natural and logical. She
was, after all, going to be property.

"Monica Albertson, if you sign and hand print this document, you will be a
slave. Ms. Jenson and Mr. Greene will witness it and attest to the court that
you gave yourself voluntarily. This entire proceeding is being videotaped and
will be kept in your record. Now where do you want your proceeds to go?"

"You can donate it to the Humane Society."

"You will address me as Sir." He bends to slap her hard across the face.

"Sorry Sir."

"Sign these and we will begin."

Mr. Greene shoves a contract in front of her. It is simple it just reads: 'I
relinquish my life, rights and privileges to Sam's Slave Emporium in exchange
for 50% of my sale price to be given to the Humane Society. I will then be
registered as a slave with the state and will remain a slave for the rest of my
life.'

Monica reads it again and again. She hesitates.

"If you are a slave you will sign, NOW!" Ms. Jenson belts out.

And she does. She signs the document, and Mr. Greene grabs her hands, smashes
them into an ink pad and puts her hand prints onto the contract.

The last thing Monica notices is Ms. Jenson approaching her with a hypodermic
needle.

***

When she wakes, Monica finds her self in a very bright white room. She is
strapped to a heavy chair. Her hands and feet chained, her torso bound by tight
leather straps. There is no movement. She attempts to look to the side but her
collar does not allow it. But the thing that overwhelms her consciousness is the
loud noise. Not really music, it is more like a tone that just pulses and stings
her brain. There is no escaping and it is the loudest thing she has ever heard.
Letting out a scream, begging for quiet, she is sharply shocked by her collar.
She yelps from the pain and it shocks her again. It took a few rounds before she
learns to not scream from the pain.

The noise stops suddenly. But her ears continue to ring. The silence is
deafening. A kind sounding female voice comes over the intercom.

"You were just shocked for making noise. We have decided that you will not make
noise now. If you make noise again, you will be shocked. You are a slave, your
name is 127658A."

The voice goes away and the horrible noise comes back. The escape of sleep is
not possible and there is almost nothing to look at. She strains her eyes to try
to see the room. Nothing but bright white. She notices some IV tubes coming out
of her arms and then the fact that her chair has a hole cut in like a toilet.

There is no way for her to know just how long she has been here, but the
soreness of her ass tells her that it has been a while. Feeling the warmness and
pressure or a full bladder, she relieves her self. Monica feels no indignity in
pissing in her chair, and she notices this and feels that much more like a
slave.

Suddenly, her collar begins to shock her hard and the leather straps around her
torso begin to tighten.

The voice comes back.

"127658A, you are being punished for urinating without permission. We have
decided that you will only urinate or defecate if we want you to. At this time,
we do not want you to. You are a slave, your name is 127658A."

The shock continues for what seems like hours. Her straps continue to tighten
and loosen like slow CPR. At this point she realizes that someone is controlling
them, and playing with her.

The horrible noise fades away to white noise. Monica is not sure if it is really
changing or is she is just loosing her hearing. The white noise is hypnotic and
in it she hears everything. The white light of the room has begun to pulse and
in it she sees language. This is how she will live, this is what she will think,
this is what she will do. It was all laid out for her. And suddenly Monica was
127658A.

Clearly though the noise she heard the woman's voice.

"You will shit now and you will piss now."

127658A complied and felt a relief that was unknown to her.

"Thank you Mistress" Monica said, accepting the pain of the collar.

"You will stand now."

Monica stood. All her cuffs and collars were free.

"Thank you Mistress."

"You will lie face down on the floor."

As she did, she looked up through the strobe to see the stern face of her
trainer. It created a retinal burn that stuck with her forever. The floor felt
cool and wonderful. It was good to move her muscles, even if just for a moment.

127658A heard the heavy clicking of heels on the stone floor. They stopped just
over her and she did not dare move. There was a snap on the back of her collar
and she suddenly felt herself being controlled by a long metal pole. A shock.
The voice was now a body.

"On your knees, slave"

"Yes, Mistress"

"Do not speak or I will gag you. Do you know how long you have been here?"

127658A shakes her head 'no'.

"Good, I am Mistress Roland and it is my job to get you ready for sale. You are
going to be a fun one. Pampered prep school girl who is a true masochist. It
looks like you have some family issues, but your past is irrelevant now, you are
now property. From what I can tell about your skills and past, you will probably
be sold as a house slave. They usually last about 10 years and are then sold off
to work foreign whore houses or in a factory until they die."

A shock.

"You like that, don't you."

127658A nods her head 'no'. She begins to tear.

A shock.

"The next time I see you cry, I will put you on the rack. And keep you there
until you stop crying."

127658A lowers her eyes.

Mistress Roland uses the pole to push 127658A out of the room. She had been in
there for over two weeks, being fed a constant stream of the most polished
subliminal information ever engineered. She had no idea about how much she
learned about cooking, cleaning, home maintenance and of course the deeply
engrained knowledge that she was a slave.

Out of the room, 127658A saw what she wanted. A dozen slaves, all being punished
for something. There were men and women being stretched, caged and waxed. She
was surprised to see no whipping. Mistress Roland locked five links of chain
between her wrist cuffs and attached them with a short chain to her collar. She
also put an even shorter chain between her ankle cuffs. She then locked a pair
of the highest heels Monica had ever seen.

"I want you to clean the floor of this room so it is spotless. You have 1 hour.
You are a slave, your number is 127658A."

Roland unattaches the pole and leaves the room. Another Mistress holds up a
remote control and gives 127658A a short shock.

"Over there, bitch."

She points to the closet, where the broom and mops are kept. 127658A tried to
walk to the closet and immediately stumbled and fell in her high heels and
chains. All the trainers stopped what they were doing and turned to laugh at
her. The laughter was constant and they made horrible remarks about her
ineptitude. Many pointed their remotes at her to give a little thank you shock.
127658A had to force herself not to cry, she knew this would make things much
worse. She crawled towards the closet and realized that this was the only way to
get around. She thought about Z and wondered about her family.

Of course, her cleaning of the floor was in her trainers opinion, awful, and she
began a series of punishments that 127658A knew would last the rest of her life.
For her, the rack was the worse. She had often dreamed of being stretched,
having her joints pop and the release that would bring. But, she had never
thought of the pain of skin stretching. Sure your spine gets straightened, but
your skin feels like it is on fire.

She liked being kept in the cage, it removed everything. She knew when she was
in a cage that there was nothing she could do, just wait.

Much time was spent on the weight machine and bicycle. She had never really
exercised before and they were making her do is for hours a day. She felt her
body strengthen and her capacity grow. She thought of this as a reward for her
service and cherished the time.

But the thing she dreamed of the most and waited for is what she learned was
called a pony. After all it was that image of Z that brought her to where she
was today. The first time she was punished with the pony was after she spilled
coffee all over her night trainer. She scalded his groin and he was in no way
happy.

The trainer pulled her by her short red hair and fastened her collar to a chain
that was hanging from the ceiling. He then attached her wrist cuffs behind her
back and began to lace up a stiff leather single sleeve. This crunched her
shoulders and the pain ran through her upper body.

He unhooked her and pulled her by the hair to the long horizontal bar. Picking
her up, like a toy, he threw her down on top of it. The pain was essential. The
impact made her body stiffen and try to jump away. He quickly fastened her ankle
cuffs to chains on the floor. Her single sleeve was pulled high by another
chain.

The hood came as no surprise, it was an essential part of the memory. The first
thing he did was shove the gag into her mouth, he then wrapped the rest around
her face and began lacing it tight. The fit was perfect and she loved the feel
of her second skin. She could see nothing, say nothing and hear nothing. All she
felt was the stretch of her body and the pressure on her cunt.

But then the thoughts shifted. She thought about her trainer and how much it
must have hurt to be drenched in hot coffee. She thought about how clumsy she is
and how if she did not get better she would be sold to something awful. She
thought about what it would take to be a better slave, the slave she dreamed of
being.

Her trainers took care to focus her on being a domestic. But they knew that her
beauty and charm would be evident. Their bosses estimated her value to be around
a half a million with a one year guarantee, five million with a 10 year
guarantee. The guarantee was against, escape, serious illness, and insanity.
They had tested 127658A very extensively and were going to push for the 10 year
plan. When she was able to walk and serve in her heels and a medium length
chain, she was put on the sales floor.

***

The only way 127658A knew that she had been in training for six months was by
counting her periods. She had not seen the outside or natural light the entire
time. The only people that talked to her were trainers and she was surrounded
with the sound of torture. When she moved to the sales floor things were
different.

The first thing she noticed was that she was in some place like California.
There were no palm trees where she came from and everyone had a good tan. The UV
lights they used in her cell also gave her a nice color, like she had been
relaxing at the beech for the last six months. The diet and exercise regime they
kept her under also made her perfect for the west coast market.

Sam's placed her in a display in the space inbetween the 'Domestics' and the
'Bedroom' departments. She was chained to a vacuum cleaner where she worked the
same square of carpet for 14 hours a day. Many came to look at her, some
inspected her body and others asked the dumb questions that get department store
slaves shocked. 127658A would have to spend one month on the floor, doing the
same thing every day while being inspected by anyone who wanted. Children would
tickle her, old men would try to sneak a lick of her pussy past security and
everyone wanted to make her get shocked. At the end of the month, she would go
to the auction. The first of every month, Sam's Slave Emporium holds it's
auction.

When Monica was a girl, she attended an auction with her mother. This was when
Joyce bought Y. She loved the lights, the funny looking auctioneer and the
excitement of the bidding. This was also an image that she carried around with
her in her life. The joy her mother felt when she won on the bidding of a new
kitchen slave.

127658A heard enough customers around her, talking about her like she was not
even there, to know that she was a hot property. This made her very happy, she
truly wanted to do her trainers proud. She wanted to make money for them,
because she knew that would please them. She also knew that there were a couple
of particular people who would probably be bidding on her. One was a young man
who carried a female slave with him all the time.  He liked to pinch her, he
would pinch her ass and try to make her flinch, He would pinch and twist her
nipples to see how hard he could get them. Once in the middle of the night she
was brought to the sales floor to see the man and his slave waiting for her. She
was told to eat the slave's pussy. She did this forever. The slave made a
gesture like it was so-so and that night 127658A slept on the rack.

Another potential was a strange older woman who would come and ask 127658A all
sorts of questions about math, business and housework. She would spend hours
drilling 127658A on basic arithmetic, she would give her books to read on small
business management and quiz her on them later. 127658A liked her very much and
would often dream of just what she was thinking about.

Before the auction, 127658A was prepped. She was taken by other slaves to be
cleaned. They fastened her wrists to the sides of the shower, her feet to the
base. Using soft and luscious brushes they lathered up her body with a soap that
smelled like flowers. They lathered up her pussy and gave her a clean shave. The
blade was so sharp and cold that it was done in just moments. She had never been
treated so gently in her life. After she was dried and her hair taken care of,
the slaves attached a belly chain around her. It had her number imprinted on it.
Once again she felt pride. The slaves then powdered her body and applied just a
little make up.

Mistress Roland came in, and the slaves fell face down to the floor. She takes a
key off her belt and removes 127658A's training collar. First time.

"You will be sold tonight and a new collar will be put on you. Do not under any
circumstances speak. If you do you will be whipped, and you don't know just how
bad that is yet, do you?"

127658A shook her head 'no', and she knew that she would not speak.

Roland locked a leash to her belly chain and pulled her to the auction room.
127658A saw dozens of slaves, she had no idea how many were being sold.  Her
wrists were cuffed on this rolling coat rack type thing that has 9 other slaves
on it. All were immobilized and the sense of fear in the room is overwhelming.
One by one the carts are rolled out of the room. Faint sounds of laughter and
applause can sometimes be heard. As well as the sounds of slaves getting whipped
for making sound. She hears the slave behind her being whipped, and once part of
the single tail hits her thigh. She grimaces at the 10 percent of the force she
experienced and remembered that she was not supposed to make sound.  She hears
the slave getting gagged, and wonders it that will effect the sale price.

Then it happens. 127658A feels her cart getting pulled and she brushes against
the slave behind her. It is strange because she can not tell if it is male of
female. The cart is taken to the stage. Bright lights blind the slaves as the
laughter and applause is now heard at full volume. The bidding is totally silent
and the current price is on a light board that the slaves can not see. It is
considered improper for a slave to know its price. This is closely guarded since
it might inspire a hidden class structure amongst slaves, like something like
that could be stopped.

One by one the slaves were unattached from the cart. 127658A could see shadows
of them being placed on a stand. She saw them get turned and then after a few
moments they are whisked away to the sound of applause. She never saw a buyer.

Her time came, and as if by instinct she tried to stand as straight and tall as
possible. She sticks her chest out and holds her head high. This brought cheers
from the audience and a quick whack on the ass with a riding crop from her
handler.

While 127658A had no way to know it, the two that she predicted were bidding on
her. And the competition was growing. The math woman had to compete with a 16
year old boy with clear intentions to spend his family money. The pincher
dropped out early on, after all his jealous slave said she was only so-so.

After jacking up the price to 7 million and a 10 year guarantee, the boy drops
out and the math woman is victorious. 127658A has no idea of this as she is
whisked off the stage.

Her handlers, once out of the sight of the crowd, forced her into a small padded
box. They gave her an injection and she begins to fall asleep to the sounds of
her box getting nailed shut.

***

127658A woke up, still in the box, she could tell by the sound that she was in a
plane. She figured out how not to panic and just waited. She knew that she was
now valued property and that she was not in immediate danger.

She heard the plane land and after some turning and a wait she heard a door
open. Men grunted as they pulled her box out, machinery and movement. She was
now in a van. She was now in a yard. Crowbars opened the box.

The light shocked her. How long had it been dark, where was she, who owned her.
A chain was hooked around her collar and that was chained to a tree.

"Come out."

Math lady. She knew the voice instantly and bounded out of the box. She was so
happy.

"What is your name?"

"127658A, Mistress."

"No what is your given name, the name you grew up with?"

127658A pondered for a minute. "I don't remember, Mistress."

"Of course."

Math lady whiped out her cell phone and makes a call.

"Ms. Jenson, what is 127658A's given name? Thank you."

She hung up.

"Your name is Monica. I will call you Monica. You will call me Mistress Marie."

Mistress Marie was a sight for Monica's sore eyes. She stood tall and black
haired. Her skirt flowed with the wind and the sunlight warmed everything. 
Monica kneeled before her, waiting for instruction.

"You are on my island, I have kept many slaves here, and sold many slaves away.
If you are not great, you will be sold to whomever, I don't care. If you
disobey, you will be punished in ways that you can't imagine. If you obey, you
might someday be rewarded. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress Marie."

"Good. Now I run a hotel here and you will be one of the slaves that works in
the hotel. You will be in the crew that is responsible for cleaning, cooking and
other domestic duties of the hotel and it's guests. Now you have had a long and
hard journey. I want you to masturbate and take a nap. Your overseer will be by
in a few hours."

"Thank you, so much, Mistress Marie."

And Marie walked off. Monica could not believe what just happened. For the last
six months she had lived thought a hell of training and punishment. Now for the
first time, she was being ordered to enjoy herself. And she quickly complied.
Her arms and legs were free for the first time in months. Only her collar
chained her down and this was more liberating than any thing she had felt
before. It did not take long for the first orgasm, the first in six months. It
left her yelping like a puppy. The second was a little slower coming, but she
knew there were more in her. The third was pure alpha state and she slept right
through it.

All the while, Marie and her overseer, Paulette were watching though binoculars.

"I told you she was purely sexual."

"I agree, Marie. I don't know how long she will last as a cook."

"Not long at all. But, she will be great for the guests."

"Of course, I will gather her."

Paulette was a subtle woman. She never raised her voice or made more than a
small gesture. Those under her charge knew that despite her manner, she was
quite powerful and used the more menacing of tools.

"Monica, I am Paulette, your overseer."

Monica woke and looked up to the beautiful Paulette. She quickly sprung to her
knees and lowered her head.

"It is my pleasure to serve you Mistress Paulette."

Paulette smacks her across the ass with a thin cane.

"I am not your Mistress, Marie is your Mistress, I am your overseer and you will
address me as Paulette. Do you understand you stupid bitch?"

"Yes, Paulette, I understand."

"Do you know what an overseer does?"

"Yes, Paulette. An overseer manages the slaves of an estate. You are responsible
your my training, discipline and physical condition. You have all the power of
my Mistress and I should obey you at all times."

"For the most part correct. Now, come with me and we will get you in uniform."

Paulette unlocked the chain from the tree and guided Monica to the mansion. It
was a long walk and Monica is impressed by the grounds, she sees a team of male
slaves working the hedges, an overseer is whipping one so hard, blood drips onto
the grass.

"You see that, slave.? Have you ever been whipped that hard?"

"No, Paulette."

"You will be."

And this comforts Monica, who wonders what else she forgot, besides her name.

As she approaches the door, two slaves fall to their knees in front of Paulette.
Both are males and there seems to be some unknown conflict.

"I saw what you did in the garage."

Paulette kicks him in the face. He falls backward, stunned but not injured.

"You are on restriction for one month." She speaks into a walkie talkie, "Slave
Mark is on restriction until July 18."

Two overseers come out and wrap the slave in a straight jacket and hood. Monica
is impressed.

"Come with me dear, I am sure you will never give me any trouble."

Monica is led into the home, that is also a hotel. Guests are sitting around the
lobby, drinking, telling stories and being fanned by slaves. One man is getting
his cock sucked by a beautiful young slave girl, a woman is getting a neck rub.
Many admire Monica and recognize that she must be a new acquisition.  Monica is
brought into a room that is full of racks of clothing. A set is laid out for
her.

"This is your work uniform. It is designed to make you fail. It is very
uncomfortable and will constantly remind you of your status as the lowest slave
on the island."

Monica looked over the garments. A long corset, very high heels, a maid's dress
with many ruffles and enough white fabric to make her instantly worry about
stains. The cuffs and collar were made of heavy steel and had very short chains.
There was also a metal apparatus that she figured out was a chastity belt.

The first thing to go on was the corset. It was much more than anything she had
tried on during training. It went very high over her bust and way down to the
top of her thighs. It was nearly impossible to move and sitting or bending was
going to be a challenge. The dress was as tight as the corset. The extra fabric
constantly got in her way and it made her feel very foolish. Her heels were just
short enough that an experienced person would be able to walk in them. Even six
months of training was not enough experience for Monica.

"Turn for me. Now touch your toes."

Monica got whapped on the ass with a cane when she was unable to even bend with
out stumbling.

"You will learn how to live with restriction. You will learn to be graceful, or
we will sell you. Now touch your toes."

Monica falls.

Into her walkie talkie, "Slave Monica is on restriction until August 1."

And just as quickly as before she is whisked away by a pair of overseers with a
straight jacket and hood. Here, restriction seemed to mean pure isolation. She
was hung from a straight jacket and fed a couple times a day by silent handlers.
They put headphones on her that told her that she was a slave who was not worth
what they paid. She was told that she was going to have to do better or she
would be sold. She was told that she could be graceful and able if she only
tried. These were all things that Monica believed deeply and was thankful for
the reminder.

After six weeks of living in a cocoon, her muscles were in rough shape. Paulette
brought her to the physical therapy area and let her recover for a couple of
days. Monica was impressed by her treatment. Massages, weight work and
whirlpools made her feel like valued property.

Then she was reintroduced to her uniform and her training. The corset felt less
tight after the weight loss of restriction. And the weeks of tapes helped her
think through her every muscle move. When Paulette told her to turn around, she
was able and when she was told to touch her toes she was able to go a step
further and put her palms on the floor. It was like they had cast a magic spell
on her.

Monica's first year at the hotel was mainly concerned with cleaning bathrooms
and changing beds. She was paired up with an older maid who deeply hated the
fact that Monica voluntarily became a slave. The maid was a baby slave and had
spent her life in service. It is rare for a baby slave to have been educated,
but she was, and she knew of the outside world and the potential that Monica's
previous life held. So she treated Monica very harshly and often put her on
report. Monica appreciated this and did her best to please the old maid since
she knew that this training was valuable and that she should be treated more
harshly being a volunteer.

The hotel had a set of stocks in the front court yard. This was often the first
thing seen by visitors. Monica spent a lot of time in those stocks. It was a
special place where she felt the true humiliation of her slavery. The public,
anyone, mocked her, spanked her and in the old style even threw rotting fruit at
her that was left by an eager kitchen staff. Whenever Monica was in the stocks,
they made sure to leave out rotten eggs, because nothing was too good for the
rich girl volunteer.

As Monica struggled with her special status, she also reveled in it. When she
wasn't on speech restriction, she would often tell the birth slaves about what
freedom was like and what it was like to own a slave. She made up elaborate
stories about the punishments she never gave Bunny and about her stealing the
remote control from her parents and making the slaves do stupid things for a
child. All lies. Monica was smart enough to know that would only get her in more
trouble with the slaves, Monica was a masochist and knew how to get safe
punishment.

Marie caught on to this early. She let it continue because she knew that Monica
did need the punishment and the hope that she would tire if it and just accept
her status, without all the attention. While her serving abilities had been
progressing nicely, she thought about freedom and her past life way too often.
Marie figured that by now, her property was too deeply under the influence of
the other slaves. While she was not ready to sell her, she was beginning to
think about alternatives.

A client of her hotel, an old English general was looking for a lease. He needed
a slave for a year to fuck. Nothing more, no other slaves around and a chance to
break her into sex slavery.

One day, when Monica was in the stocks, getting pelted by a five year old with
eggs, Marie and the General came up and took her out. She handed the General her
leash and he walked her away. In a small plane, they flew to another island and
Monica was brought to her new home.

"You are my property now. You live here. At night I will fuck you and when I am
angry I will whip you. You will never speak. That is all."

She was led to a small room just outside his bedroom. Her collar was locked to a
chain that allowed her access to her mat, a toilet and a shower.

She had no clothes to wear, no chores to do, no slaves to lie to. And nightly,
for a year, the old general would shove his withered cock in her mouth and cunt
and she would have to find new and interesting ways to satisfy it. His abilities
were fading fast and if he did not experience ecstasy, he would whip her
mercilessly the next day. A whipping at day, a fucking at night. This was one
form she dreamed of. And she could go weeks at a time without even noticing that
there was a chain attaching her neck to the floor.

This took it's toll on Monica, she began to forget things, she got more jumpy
and very obsessive. And by the time she was returned to Marie, she could barely
function beyond sucking old cock and merciless whippings with a single tail and
a cane. Her back was deeply scarred and completely and the slave was silent.

"Welcome back, Monica" were the first words she heard in a year. She fell to her
knees and hugged her mistress' boots. Marie attached her leash to Monica's
collar and led her to her cell.

"I can tell that you have learned a lot in the last year. The General tells me
that you cried often and were barely acceptable. But I can tell that you have
learned that you are a slave and it does not matter what you were before you
were a slave. It does not matter if you were a baby slave or a volunteer,
neither has a say or a right or a way out. Either way, I know that you will
never be the graceful hotel slave I need. You are pretty but not competent and
interact poorly with other slaves. You are 22 now and I have decided to make you
a breeding slave."

This terrified Monica.

The law stated that any baby born from two slaves would be a baby slave. If a
slave was born from an owner, it would be the owner's choice. Breeder slaves
were often forced to be constantly pregnant and in the early days of slavery
would often die very young. Monica's beauty made her an obvious candidate, her
constant rating as incompetent made her less so.

In Monica's time, breeding slaves were treated very well. The buyers of babies
took great caution that their new property would be in good health, and, more or
less, normal children. Monica recognized her old cell, but it was now bigger. A
window was knocked out so she could get natural sunlight. The walls were dressed
with images of healthy babies and happy mothers. So cute, so cuddly and so
different than her last year.

Her diet shifted from the old Generals scraps to one of organic raw vegetables
and fruit with carefully administered nutritional supplements. She was trained
in the practice of yoga and constantly stimulated by the knowledge that she was
doing her owners wish and making the greatest contribution a slave could make.
When she was done birthing babies, she would hold the position of honored slave.
She had never met an honored slave, but they were talked about often at the
hotel. Most women still died giving birth to their, say, 10th baby.

Monica was off the pill for six months before her first maters were brought in.
She was ovulating and a series of 6 slaves with proper DNA were brought into her
room. Each was given a full load of Viagra and was told to fuck her as many
times as they could.  Monica was naked and chained to a four post bed. Her
pelvis was lifted by a special pillow.

Six hours later, ten more were brought in and the process repeated. She was
never untied, never allowed to eat or go to the bathroom and the cycle continued
for three days. She had never been so exhausted, sore or angry. Three things she
could do nothing about. She knew she was pregnant, but Marie kept bringing
slaves in just to be sure.

And then it ended.

A sleep fell over Monica that reminded her of childhood sneakings. She dreamt of
cell division, how those cells belong to Mistress Marie and how proud she felt
to produce property for her Mistress.

Throughout her pregnancy, Monica thought she was being treated like a queen. She
was kept outside, out of the sun, while slaves brought her fruit drinks and
fresh foods. She was walked for a couple of miles a day, at a reasonable rate
and almost never shocked or whipped. Marie believed deeply that the baby would
more deeply understand slavery if it knew it from the womb. So Monica was
subjected to long sessions in a private stockade (no fruit) and put into a
stimulation chamber much like she experienced at Sam's Slave Emporium.

The chamber reinforced her own slavery and spoke directly to the baby letting it
know that it too would be a slave. Nobody believed this actually worked except
Monica.

In the stocks, Monica would sing Marie's baby songs she remembered from her
childhood. Never wanting to sleep, she would always sing and, when allowed, rub
her belly. Marie spent hours one day rubbing her belly, a treat Monica never
expected that brought her closer to her owner than she ever imagined.

Over the course of the pregnancy, Monica got to know the owners of Marie's baby.
They were a young couple who planed to raise the child as a free child. This was
replacing adoption all over the world and those that could afford it were buying
up all the slave babies. Monica was deeply upset about this. She wanted her baby
to be in service. When the couple completed payment, the babies slave training
ended as well. This hurt Monica even more deeply. And for the first time, she
disobeyed her Mistress.

Monica found a new mantra. It used to be 'I am property' now it was 'You will
make the decision'. She really wanted her child, Marie's child, whom she now
knew would be a boy, to be a slave. She knew that it would be deep in his dreams
and that making the decision to go to Sam's would be the greatest thing that he
will ever do. So she sang...

"your father was a slave
you mother was a slave

hi hoe aren't you lucky too
you will be a slave"

When labor came, Monica felt joy. There were strict rules for the conduct of a
slave giving birth. Everyone had to speak in a hushed voice. The birthing mother
could take no drugs or make a sound, the lights are kept very low and the owner
was there to make sure things went right.

When the baby is born it is taken away immediately. Monica is given a shot and
enters the deep slave sleep.

While the baby is not gone for long, it is a deep and symbolic reminder to
Monica. The baby is not hers. It belongs to Marie who is selling it to the
couple to be free. The baby was brought back.

Monica was to spend six months with the child. Acting only as a wet nurse. She
was brought to the couples home and sat in a chair in the closet. The idea was
to give the baby as much nutrient as she could while convincing the baby that
his new owner was his natural mother. So Monica sat in the closet and fed the
baby many times a day, never getting to hold him, but constantly humming what
the owner thought was "The Farmer in the Dell".

When the six months were over, Monica was brought back to the hotel and worked
hard. Marie decided that stones needed to be broken and that Monica was the only
person to do it. This is what it meant to be an honored slave, to give away a
child to freedom and then to be constantly whipped for 16 hours a day while
breaking rocks into gravel. And before Monica knew it, she was no longer
lactating and ready to get pregnant again.

Marie had planned to get at least 5 babies out of Monica before she sold her to
a factory. She figured at that point she would be unfuckable and not healthy
enough to get a high dollar baby slave. She never expected that she would be
adequate enough to be a house slave.

When Monica began to ovulate Marie sent in the same batch of slaves and repeated
the process. Monica preyed for a slave baby to give her owner, a slave that
Marie would want to keep as a piece of valued property. There was nothing
further from Marie's mind. She saw the free baby market as being the most
lucrative and was only selling Monica's baby to young couples.

And now, Monica knew what to expect, she relished the idea of lounging outside,
being served by other slaves and eating wonderful food without much punishment.
If her owner did not want her to suffer, then it was OK not to suffer.

She practiced her yoga and constantly sang to her baby. A surprise came to her
when she was brought into the stimulation chamber for slave training. At that
point she knew that Marie had sold her baby to someone who intended to raise it
as a slave. that night she slept in the stocks, humming all night long. The joys
of her slavery reached a peak.

The pain shot though her abdomen. It was unexpected and Monica wondered if her
owner had placed a new remote control device in her. A few hours later the pain
shot though again.

All of Marie's slaves got health care, a rare thing among the owned. Pregnant
slaves received incredible health care by anyones standards. There was just that
much money involved. Nobody saw Monica's tumor coming. It was large and growing
rapidly and it was deep into the uterus. There was no way for the baby slave to
be saved and Monica would never give birth again.

For many reasons, Monica was devastated. The baby would die, the sale would be
canceled, she was no longer profitable to Marie. She was now not an honored
slave but a dishonored slave. She knew she would be sold into a factory and die
unloved and just a number. At least they chose to remove the tumor.

After being released from the hospital, Monica was boxed up and shipped back to
Sam's Slave Emporium

When her box was pried open, the first thing she saw was Mistress Roland.

"You stupid cunt, How dare you get a tumor and allow them to return you. You had
five years left on your guarantee and now we are only going to get a few
thousand dollars for you for some fish factory ship."

Mistress Roland slaps Monica across the face and Monica begins to cry. Mistress
Roland will see nothing of this and orders her to the rack, a hell she has not
felt in years.

This time there is no training, no prep, just getting hung on a rack of the
retail area. The bargain basement. Monica thought she was still young and
pretty, but she was hung next to the old and crippled. 24 hours a day, they hung
there, waiting for a drunk to buy them or a factory foreman who needs a few
bodies for a few weeks until they are sold again. This was the life of slave
that failed too many times.

The drunk came calling for Monica. It was four in the morning and he was driving
home and got the big idea. His wife was always bugging him about housework and
he just got a bonus. His plan was to buy some old lady to make his wife happy.
He found Monica.

She was sleeping. Hanging by her wrists, barely able to keep her toes on the
ground. Drool was dripping out of her gag and her hair was so matted it was
almost in dread locks. He stuck his finger in her pussy and it was very wet, she
did not respond at all. He pushed the button next to her chart and it gave her
the shock that woke her up. Roughly he pulls her gag out.

"Slave, what is your name?"

"Sir, my name is 127658B." She is not shocked by the floor manager.

"What are your functions, slave?

"Sir, I was trained as a domestic slave, I have also been worked as a sex slave
and once served as an honored slave."

The last point got her a massive shock. Sam's was not interested in their slaves
lowering their perceived value to potential buyers.

"And how much do you cost, slave?"

"My owners have placed my price at one thousand dollars. They believe it is a
great value. You could take me home right now for a thousand dollars."

The drunk pulled out two thousand and found the floor manager. He purchased
Monica and proceeded to buy all manner of slave gear. Monica could tell, from
his purchases that he did not own a slave and he may be inexperienced in
maintaining a slave. This gave her fear. She was boxed and the gear was boxed
and she was immediately sent to her new owners home.

It was now sunrise. The drunks wife was awakened by the commotion of the
delivery.

"Fred, what the hell is going on down there?"

"Come down, I have a present for you."

"Tell me what is going on."

"Come down."

Sally was still nearly asleep when she saw the Sam's crate. She knew instantly
what was going on and was pissed.

"How the hell do you think that we can afford a slave. We are not going into
debt just so you can boss around some little meat puppet."

"Chill babe, you don't know what kind of bargain I got."

"How drunk are you."

"Really."

The movers from Sam's finished loading in the gear and Fred gestured for them to
open the slave's box. When it was opened, 127658B stayed down and waited to be
pulled out. Her experience was showing.

"I bought this for a thousand dollars." He pulls her out by the hair.

"What!" Sally jumped up and down with excitement. "Why, how could it be?" Sally
was amazed that the slave cost a little more than an expensive meal and a
bicycle.

"She had a tumor, may come again, but we can get a lot of labor out of her
before she dies."

This made Monica's heart sink.

"What is all this stuff."

"I took my bonus and invested it in slave gear. She will be our first, but we
will buy more. They only help.

Sally told the movers to put the cage in the basement and the rest of the gear
went around the house. It was as if she had been secretly planning for this
moment for her whole life. Sally had always dreamed of owning a slave, but
convinced herself that she could never afford it.

With confidence, she attached a brand new leash to Monica's training collar.
Fred demonstrated the collar's remote control ability with a heavy shock. It was
so heavy it made 127658B stiffen and pass out. A few minutes later she woke up
to the laughing couple that were teaching each other how to set the power.

"Why don't you take her down to our cage, and I will give you a proper thank
you.."

And Fred did just that, locking a hood around her head and binding her arms and
legs tight he carried her down to the basement. She felt his strength and it
reminded her nothing of the Little General. Monica let go and let herself settle
into her new owners cage. It gave her enough room to stretch a little and made
her very comfortable.

She was allowed to sleep for a few hours before her new Mistress roused her out
of her rest. A shock. Another. Sally laughed loudly.

"Oh you are going to be so much fun. Tell me slave, what is your name again?"

"Mistress, my name is 127658B."

Sally laughs. "Of course, 128...66 whatever. Your name is now Toe. What is your
name, slave?

"Mistress, my name is Toe. Thank you for my beautiful new name."

Toe was struggling on her knees. She needed to pee badly and her Mistress was
not unlocking the cage.

"Toe, I need to take you shopping. I need to buy you some proper clothes and fix
that disgusting hair of yours. It looks like they were making you sleep in your
own filth." She switches to an even more condescending tone. "Did they make
little Toe sleep in her own shit? Did they?" A shock.

"Yes, Mistress." Toe is near tears.

Sally unlocked the cage and violently pulled Toe out by her hair. She puts a
bucket in front of her.

"Pee."

Toe quickly complied. She is now very used to peeing on command.

Pulling roughly on her leash, Sally took Toe to the back yard, she used a rope
to lash her wrists over the branch of a tree and turned the cold garden hose on
her. Using a brush she got from a shed Sally violently scrubed down her new
slave.

Sally had read for years about how to care for and manage slaves. Slave training
shows were amongst the most popular on television and hundreds of books hit the
shelves. Many maintained that the first cleaning, like a baptism, was highly
symbolic to a slaves psychology. Sally wanted Toe to know that she was a working
slave, a slave that was not to be pampered. As she scrubbed harder and harder
with the plastic brush, she noticed the abrasion she was causing. Sally wondered
how long it would take to make her bleed and worked one area on the back of her
thigh until she found out.

Toe was exhausted, barely recovered from her surgery and after spending weeks in
the bargain basement she was now feeling fully beat down. With ice cold water
beating her face, Toe was still able to glimpse her new Mistress. A
astonishingly tall and fit woman wearing a full length rubber rain coat. She
wore long leather gloves and heavy boots, both of which she used as effective
weapons. Kicking and manhandling Toe around, Sally was able to maintain tight
control of her property. A dog shears appeared and Toe got a rough and painful
haircut. She cut it right on the skin and the hair often got tangled by the old
clipper. Sally grabbed thighs and lifted her ass into the air. She then gave her
a quick squirt up the ass with the hose.

"Get a speck of shit on me and you will be publicly whipped."

Toe knew how to hold it in and waited till her Mistress gave the command to
shit. She let it go all over the lawn, and felt the relief of emptiness. Sally
released her hands from the tree, gave Toe the hose and told her to clean the
lawn. When Toe finished, she knelt by the tree and waited. Toe thought about her
hair, her beautiful red hair and wondered when it would grow back.

Sally came out with a plastic garbage bag with a hole cut out of the bottom.
This fit well over Toe and covered just enough of her to take her out in public.
Her wrists were attached behind her and she was given no shoes. Sally removed
her rain coat to reveal a tight full length leather dress, she looked like the
elegant Mistress she always dreamed of being. Today she was going to show off
her new humiliated slave.

Since entering slavery Toe had spent no time in cities. She remembered them
well, the bustle of markets, working slaves and overseers and the cling of the
temp chain gangs. But, these are the memories of a free woman and slave owner,
not of property. Sally and Fred lived a short walk to the city center, with
houses and shops lining the way. Sally held her head high as she dragged her
slave down her street. She waved to a neighbor who was brutally whipping her
driver. She stopped for a coffee and breakfast at her corner diner.

"Sally, what do you have there?"

"Hi Bob, Frank picked her up last night and I am taking her to town to get her
some decent clothes."

"Toe, present."

Toe had no idea what this meant to her new owner and she guessed and just stood
tall and lowered her eyes. A shock.

"Bitch has a lot to learn."

"They always do, Sally. Can I get you the usual."

"Please."

Sally took Toe over to a booth and forced her down to her belly. She attached
the front of her collar to an eyebolt on the floor and there was almost no
possible movement except for rubbing her face in the tile. Sally sat down in the
booth and quickly started torturing Toe with he heels of her boots. They were
sharp and poked holes in the plastic. Toe squirmed in pain as the heel made its
way to her asshole. Toe wondered about her safety and tried to resign herself to
her new owner.

Every once and a while, Sally would shove some half chewed bacon in her mouth or
a piece of dry toast. Toe had not eaten meat in years and it tasted strange.
When she was finished her plate, she shoved it under her slaves face.

"Lick it clean, this is what you get."

Toe tried to clean the plate, but she was so immobile she could not help missing
spots.

"Clean the plate you ungrateful bitch."

Toe felt a strong kick on her side and Sally released her from the eyebolt.

"Clear the table and bring the dishes to the counter."

Toe did and knelt before her Mistress. With the leash attached she was led to a
shop.

The Slave Barn was one of the more popular stores for outfitting slaves.
Prisoner temps took Toe's measurements. They measured everything, every inch of
her body. They treated her roughly, and never spoke, her body was passive and
she found that limpness worked best.

All the clothes were made on the spot from the custom measurements by the sweat
shop of prisoner temps and factory slaves.

Sally needed many things for her new toy. A formal service outfit that looked
like something out of Victorian England. It was a full length gown, with many
layers of heavy wool. Everything was boned with steel and it would require a
very tight corset to wear. Even the arms had some boning, making movement
measured and difficult.

Her day service outfit was the most basic maid's uniform. Black, long sleeves,
knee length skirt, apron and no pockets. Slaves were almost never allowed
pockets. She found this outfit remarkably unsexy and just recognized it as a
tool of humiliation. It was stiff, tight and her mistress insisted on her
wearing heavy slips and thick stockings.

Several other outfits were picked out for her by Sally and her new friend, the
Slave Barn owner's assistant, Ivan. All of the dresses were black, all had
aprons and they only varied in the cut of the neckline and the length and style
of the skirt. One other common trait they carried was that all locked. All the
dresses were zipped or laced from the back and then finished with a small
padlock. It would be impossible for Toe to get in or out of a dress alone. Every
morning, Mistress Sally would get to dress her new slave toy, Toe.

Ivan brought Sally over to the accessories department. His first suggestion was
for her to hold the key to a chastity belt. Sally was worried about Frank and
him spending all his time fucking Toe and not her. She would allow Frank to have
her once and a while, but only when she wanted.

Toe didn't like chastity belts, she had worn several in the past. To her it did
not seem necessary, since the brainwashing pretty much eliminated any want to
touch herself.

Sally could easily tell which would be the most effective against her husband.
It was also the most uncomfortable. A prisoner temp made the necessary
adjustments to Toes size and within minutes she was locked in.

Ivan looked the slave over.

"She is very nice. So do you mind if I ask why she was in the bargain basement?"

"Oh, she had a tumor or something. She is weak and ignorant, probably can't even
read. She could die any day now, or she might last for a couple of years."

"An excellent starter slave. Let me give you a little gift."

Ivan led Toe to a elevated chair that spread her legs wide. He strapped her down
and broke out an engraving pencil. Her new chastity belt had a wide silver plate
that covered her entire groin.

He took the sleeve of his shirt rubbed the surface down. Sitting down on a
stool, he begins to inscribe "Toe, property of Mistress Sally Terwilliger" As
soon as the pencil was turned on, Toe felt the fear. She had never been marked
and was expecting a Tattoo. Then she felt the plate vibrate, not pain, not like
a vibrator, it was more. Toe feared loosing it and urinating all over the
artist. Her bladder and intestines were beginning to strain from the vibration.
Then she worried that she would have an orgasm, and that would be totally
unacceptable within minutes of getting locked in a chastity belt. At this point
she realized that Ivan was evil

Silence and sleep would be her refuge. The artist was taking his sweet time,
adding all sorts of flourishes right over her clit. This is when she came. A
wild burst of fluid shot out the sides of her chastity belt, it got all over the
pencil, it slipped off and jabbed her in the thigh.

Sally was aghast. She screamed at Toe and the whole store turned to watch the
punishment. But there was none to be seen now. Instead Mistress Sally told the
prisoners to dress her immediately and prepared to leave. Sally gave Ivan her
address for the delivery and they left with Toe dressed in one of her basic day
outfits. Her corset was tight and mixed with the fear of what was to come, she
could not breath. Toe feared passing out, but refused. She was dragged behind
her steaming Mistress, barely able to walk on the cobble stones in her 5 inch
heels.

In the distance she saw the Punishment Square. She had heard about these from
other slaves, but had never been taken to one. Rows and rows of slaves were
lined up in stocks. They were all pointed to the lashings that were being laid
by the strongest looking man Toe had ever seen.

"Give her four hours and 20 with the single tail."

Toe heard some coins exchange as two brutish temp prisoners forced her into the
stocks. Head and hands pointed towards the impending 20 lashes, feet squarely
secured in a standing position. She felt the lock on the back of her dress
clicking and then nothing.

Mistress Sally went home for a three hour nap. Toe waited. Sleep was not allowed
for her. Whenever she turned her attention away from the whipping, a prisoner
temp would smack the back of her calves with a rattan cane. She remained very
attentive. She was thirsty, but no one ever came with water. A temp gives her a
whack because he wants to. He then approaches, reaches up her skirt and finds
the chastity belt.

"Too bad sweetheart, I was going to fuck you up the ass."

He whacks her a few more times before he is called away by his guard. Toe never
caught a glimpse of her tormentor. Time passed as she watched the torture. A
young man, probably younger than Toe was in the middle of receiving 50 lashes.
He was strong, but failing under the pressure. His screams only brought harsher
lashes, and the crowd loved it. His owner, an older woman, stood nearby and spit
on him every once and a while.

"If you ever attempt to strike me again, I will kill you. Do you understand you
little shit."

Her slave understood and Toe wondered what else he would have to go through. She
was ashamed of him, a slave trying to strike his owner. Toe enjoyed watching his
beating and knew he was getting off easy. Toe then thought about her own
mistakes. She was grubby when her new Mistress received her and she will have to
be careful about that. And most importantly she must learn to control her body
better so she does not embarrass her Mistress in public.

In the crowd, Toe saw her new owners. Fred and Sally were watching the young
unconscious man being taken down from the whipping post. Fred was applauding the
whip master and keeping an eye on his new purchase. The loudspeaker called her
name.

"Slave Toe, property of Sally and Fred Terwilliger. 20 lashes for
insubordination." Toe's stockade opened and she was lifted by four prison temps.
Each carried a limb and the roughly threw her onto the platform. More prison
temps stripped her naked and lifted her high to shackle her wrists to the
whipping post, then her feet and then her torso, thighs, upper arms and collar.
There was no room to move. The temps cleared away and the first blast hit
without warning.

The crowd cheered and shouted a loud 'one'. Toe felt a rip, she was certain her
skin was cut, and why not, most of the dozens of other slaves were. She felt
like vomiting.

A few more blows came down and the blood was dripping off her back. The whip
master had great skill and knew how to create great cosmetic damage without that
great of a danger of killing her or paralyzing her. This had happened many times
in the past, to be expected and accepted.

The taste in Toe's mouth changed, she felt dizzy and time slowed. She was
asleep. She was wet, and screaming as prison temps drenched her back in salt
water and shove smelling salutes in her face. She is awakened to hear another
crack and the crowd yelling eleven.

Toe remembered what happened to her body. How she lost control and angered her
mistress. She remembered her thoughts, where her muscles were, what made her do
what and she knew that she could stop it from ever happening again.

There is no memory of the final nine lashes, just the wash of revelation. The
next thing she knew she was in a small medical tent, Slave Salve was being
applied to her lesions. The prison temps cut a giant piece of gauze to cover the
wounds and then corseted her and dressed her just as she came. The corset stung
against her wounds and she walked like a woman who was not really conscious. The
prison temps brought Toe out to her owners, they threw her to her knees and she
crawled over to kiss her Mistress' boot. Toe hugged it and loved it and was
trampled by it when her Mistress pushed the spiked heel in to the back of her
neck. Toe's life clearly belonged to her Mistress from that point.

Fred yanked the chain and brought Toe to her feet.

"Follow."

Fred and Sally started walking across the plaza at a quick rate, pulling Toe
behind them. She managed to zombie walk, a state that many slaves are seen in.
They went to a fine looking restaurant, it was twilight, the air was warm and a
great night to eat outside.

They are greeted by a maitre de, in chains.

"Good evening Master, Mistress. How may I serve you."

"Table for two on the terrace. And could you put her away for us."

Fred hands the leash to the slave who quickly passed it on to a busboy. The
busboy brought the girl downstairs into a room with as many slaves as tables,
waiting in cages.

"No way dude, she is hot." A voice came from no where.

"Put her in a second level cage, she is blowing me."

"Bring her over. Crawl over here slave."

One of the kitchen workers grabbed her and began to attempt to undress her. He
noticed the lock and seemed to be used to such precautions. Toe had noticed that
all the slaves in the cages were fully clothed. Inside, she praised her Mistress
for her kindness in choosing to lock her closed. The city was a rough place and
now she only wished that she had purchased a muzzle as well. The dicks came
flying out.

Toe thought about the mistakes she had made in her life. How they were problems
about not thinking about her owners wishes, the faults of her own body, and her
problems with judgment. She saw these nasty looking dicks all heading towards
her mouth. Her Mistress' and Master's mouth. Is this in their best interest?
Would this please them?

"You must use condoms. That is my Master's order. If you don't I am supposed to
tell him so he will be angry."

"Take em out boys."

And they did. Toe would get her protection, but she would loose her enjoyment.
Sucking cocks was something she learned in prep school and perfected during her
year with the Little General. But there was something new in the city, kids
called them nasty condoms. Condoms that taste just awful, enough to nauseate the
slave you were using it on. They came in all sorts of flavors: sulfur, shit,
vinegar, Brussels sprouts. Slaves often had to be trained for an extensive
period to be able to tolerate such a primal abuse.

Her great skills out matched this low class rabble of free people and prison
temps. She knew how to turn some things off and some things on and to take what
was given her. The first was the worst. Sulfur. She gagged instantly but learned
to breath through her nose. Using her tongue in a way that was unimagined, she
made him come faster than he ever had. Dinner lasted about 2 hours, and so did
Toe.

Fred ordered a roast duck and Sally picked a lobster out of the tank. They were
both so happy, he just got a big bonus and promotion for a project he had been
nurturing for years. She was living off the royalties for a self help book she
wrote that got made into a sit com. Enough to live for years.

And now they had a slave, their first of what should be many.

"So how was the Slave Barn today?"

"Oh, that place was so wonderful. They just have everything and the staff is so
well trained.."

"What did toe do?"

"Well Ivan was being a sweetheart and putting an inscription on her chastity
belt plate and the vibrations made her come. Ivan knew that would happen, it was
a good time to exert my authority."

"Good. So what plans do you have for her?"

"Well, I am only branding her as a maid. All of her clothes are black, stiff and
have aprons. All of her clothes also lock, so you will have to ask me for the
keys to fuck her.."

Sally's megalomania surprised Fred. This was a more full realized side of her
that he had only seen a little of in the past.

"You know she is probably being raped by the kitchen staff." Said Fred.

"I know, but only her mouth, there is no way they are getting any further than
that. Her uniform is a safe. They can't even get her shoes off."

"If she is smart, she tricked them into using condoms."

"Smart, right. I doubt that slut can read."

"Of course she can. Didn't you read her bio?"

"Not yet. She just seems incompetent."

"She went to a really expensive prep school and studied number theory for two
years at Columbia University. She is even a volunteer slave, her family is
loaded."

"That bitch. Why didn't she tell me."

"You probably didn't ask her."

"Silence."

"What?"

"Sorry, I am just pissed."

A waiter approaches the table.

"Excuse me Master and Mistress. We have had a number of compliments on your
lovely slave and some of the gentlemen would like to request your permission for
her to suck them."

"Of course, as long as they are wearing rubbers."

"Of course, Sir. That is our custom." He claps his hand and a bottle of
Champaign arrives.

"Please accept this gift as a compliment of the house."

"Thank you. You may go."

The waiter slips away and the new owners toast their good fortune.

Toe got to sleep in what would become her quarters, which was a converted guest
bedroom. Bars were placed on the window and various chains and eyebolts sunk
around the room in strategic areas. Toe was spending more and more time in
there. She was building her own cell. She learned about how studs work and how
to attach things to the ceiling. She helped build a system that she could never
get out of and it was all bringing her deeper in.

Toe won great praise when she pointed out that the screws for the cage could be
undone if she broke off another part of the cage. The screws were changed and
Toe knew that she could never escape from that space.

Fred really took to Toe during this time of building. He saw the quality of his
training and the wisdom that came from her background.  He often relished her
with praise and Toe took this as a beautiful thing. Sally was more frustrated.
She had a deep anger about Toe's past. How could a rich girl want to sell
herself into hell. She should own slaves and be the Mistress of dozens.

This made Toe want to spend as much time as she could with her Mistress. She
loved the punishment, the humiliation and the control she held over her. Fred
made her feel too equal.

Sally was ready to make an investment in Toe. She decided to get her to a doctor
who could predict her slave's life expectancy. Toe was scanned by a number of
machines. There were no tumors growing in her, and, in fact, she was as healthy
as any bargain basement slave they had ever seen.

Toe had been locked in her room for what seemed like three days. She was
unattached to the walls there was a bag of dry groceries for her to munch on.
Ever since being taken by her new owners, she estimated it to be about a year
and a half now, she had only been fed table scraps, oatmeal and carrots. Now she
had cans of cold beans and for the first time in years, soda.

She opened the can of pork and beans with the mini opener they left her. The
sign on the bag of groceries said "Eat slowly, we will be a while." This was the
first time they had ever left a note or been away more than a few hours. Did a
she mean a week, a month? Toe panicked and ate almost nothing. After figuring
the amount of beans per can and then counting the amount of cans she had, she
allowed herself 60 beans a day. She also allowed herself one taste a day of
cola. The carbonation made her burp and this made her laugh.

Time passed, she was through her first can of beans and her period came. Of
course, her bathroom was fully supplied for this. But this was her calendar. Her
periods were funky since the surgery, but she understood the funk and could
still keep time. Toe worried about being left to die. Those were stories she
heard, a simple non invasive way to kill a slave. Lock them up, forget about
them and plead forgetfulness to a bribed judge.

She knew better, she remembered the kindness of her Mistress in buying the
locking dress. She had a faith in the system that could not be shaken. And she
sat, muttering her mantra, 'I am owned'. when the door was unlocked and her
owners stepped in. They saw her kneeling and repeating her phrase. They watched
her in amazement as she was not aware enough to acknowledge them. The looked at
the food and drink supply that was barely touched and realized that this was a
true slave.

"I know what to do." Sally said. "Take her upstairs to our room."

Fred easily lifted his slave. She only went limp and kept muttering 'I am
owned'. Fred arrived in the bedroom with Sally in full sleeping position. Fred
placed Toe down next to her and she instantly spooned with her Mistress, in a
deep post isolation sleep. The three slept forever, never moving just floating.
Toe knew where she was. She had been there before and realized that it was up to
her to make this work.

A few hours later, Toe was serving breakfast. Her mistress dressed her and made
her up well before Fred woke up. She was in the formal attire today, a
punishment for letting her strawberries mold over because she did not eat them
fast enough. It was well over 90 degrees outside and Toe was wearing a uniform
appropriate for northern Germany in the 1800's.

This morning, Master and Mistress were having a mix of fruit shakes and toasted
french breads. Toe would have her usual oatmeal and carrots plus the five pills
that were left for her. Toe did notice kinder lunches and dinners and a raw
vegetable diet.

After breakfast was fully served, Toe took her kneeling position. Mistress Sally
spoke first.

"Toe, we have a plan for you and it is time that you know about it."

Toe was confused. Another change?




to be continued...




This is a work of fiction intended for adult audiences. If you are not of legal
age or willing to read sexually explicit material you should not read this
story. Please do not republish without permission. This story is the property of
the author that writes under the pseudonym of 'The Odd Side of Jeff'.

The State Part 2
by The Odd Side of Jeff


The Terwilliger's became very educated slave owners. Learning the ins and outs
of rating slaves, buying and selling and even taking classes in training. Sally
made friends with many instructors and advanced trainers. Most owners did not
give their slaves a second thought, they used them until they were too damaged
to use any more and just traded them in, undervalued like a used car. Sally, on
the other hand, brought Toe to many sessions and they helped hone her into a
sharp point of patience and service. The training changed the disposition of
Toe, she enjoyed being around many slaves again. Bragging about her free past
never even came to mind.

She learned a concept they called 'independent trust'. She was supposed to be
independent in her service, responsible for her own actions and not dependent on
another slave to fulfill an order. Other slaves can turn on you and get you in
trouble with your owners. Slaves can't be trusted, but then again, you have to
because many orders require a lot of slaves.

Toe found this very helpful and seemed to increase her efficiency by more than
50 percent. And that was something that was measured through careful
observations by third parties.

Fred thought it would be a good idea to get a full appraisal of Toe. It would
cost more than five times his initial investment in her, but if a shining rating
came through Toe could become a very lucrative slave. Fred made an appointment.

"Toe, you are expensive to keep up and must start to earn your way around here."
Fred said.

"There are people that measure the value of slaves. We need to learn your true
value. You are much improved over the last few months and we are very pleased
with your progress." This was the most complimentary thing Sally had ever said
to Toe.

"And, I want you to understand that we do not intend to sell you if you get a
great score, just the opposite."

"Yes, the better you do, the more likely we will keep you. We need to make money
off you or you are no use to us." Sally said.

"You will be gone for a while. Your Mistress and I will be going to the
mountains to visit her family for the holidays. Go gather your clothing,
restraints and medications, put them in your trunk and come back here. Go now!"

Toe bowed. "Thank you Master, Thank you Mistress." And she darted off to her
cell.

When she returned she knelt before her owners. Sally stood and walked around the
room for a moment. She made a gesture out the window and two men in suits got
out of a parked station wagon. One came in and gathered Toe. He clipped her
wrists behind her back, attached her ankles and pulled a leather bag over her
head that gathered at her neck. The other went down to the basement to get her
trunk.

Toe was gently led out by a leash to the car and it went off. Inside her bag Toe
smiled deeply and noticed that it smelled better than anything she had ever
smelled before. She felt a prick.

"Wake up, wake up!"

Gentle slapping across the face brought her back. She woke and found herself in
a comfortable bed, with pillows and a quilt in a well lit room. Immediately Toe
noticed she was free of shackles, or even a collar. This frightened her deeply,
she was not free and was used to a constant restriction on her movement. She
immediately jumped out of bed and knelt before the man addressing her.

"Please, that is not necessary. Around here things are a little different.
Please, go back to bed, you still look a little tired." The man said.

Toe complied immediately. She got back into the bed and waited for her next
instruction. No instruction came, he just left, turned out the light and closed
the door. She heard no lock click. So she was just there, still, motionless
afraid of what was going on. After a while she felt her neck, it had been so
many years since she did not have a collar on. She felt its length and noticed
rough areas of skin where the collars must have scraped more. Toe also waved her
arms around in the air since they each felt pounds lighter. This quickly stopped
when she worried they might be watching her on video and scoring her
performance.

After a while, she simply slept again. And when she awoke the door was wide
open, another new experience. Toe had to pee, but who should she ask permission?
After waiting a while for someone to come in for her relief she dared to venture
out on her own. It was a large complex that reminded her of the island. Many
doors, no labels and long, well lit hall ways.

Finally, Toe saw a person. She was a woman is a flowing sun dress, she looked
happy and casual. Toe went into a full kneeling position as the woman approached
her.

"I have no need for you, move along."

Toe hesitated, "Mistress, may I please pee."

"Of course, there is a bathroom right over there." She pointed to a blue painted
door.

"Thank you Mistress, thank you so much." Toe moved to kiss her feet.

"No problem sweet, have a good day."

Toe was deeply confused as the strange woman walked away. She was not cruel or
harsh or mean. Toe did not trust her. When the woman turned the corner, Toe
crawled to the blue door.

Not peeing through a chastity belt was a different experience for her. No tubes,
no plates just natural flow. She immediately remembered her childhood, running,
being late, sneaking around. All things that she had not experienced since she
was twenty years old.

When she was finished, number one and number two, she wiped herself clean. Once
done, she noticed her vagina. She also had not seen it in years and looked
closely. Her lips were much longer than she remembered and her clit was just
huge. Unintentionally, her finger brushed against her thing and it sent a shock.
The sensation made her want to go back immediately and again and again. But she
stopped, stood up and put her hands behind her back.

Leaving the bathroom, Toe kept her hands behind her back and walked the hallways
with her head down. She would glance up every once and a while to see where she
was going. Keeping diamonds on her back, she tried to bring out her most
submissive, but confused, self. After turning many hallways, she finally found
people.

"Toe." A commanding male voice said nicely. "Good to see you are up."

Toe dropped. She curled into the most prostrate position she could imagine and
waited.

"Very good, Toe. Please stand and approach." A woman's voice.

Toe stood and approached. She kept her head down, hands behind her back and kept
about three feet away.

The man again. "We are all here together to measure your slavery. To measure
your level of submission. We will do this in several stages, testing you
coordination, general knowledge, beauty, poise and many other intangible
things."

"Many slaves enjoy this experience, Toe. I hope that you do as well. So, are you
hungry, would you like to join us for breakfast?" A tall woman in a floor length
black dress, said.

"Thank you Mistress, thank you." Toe fell to her knees and crawled to kiss her
boot. She had to use her face to brush aside the Mistress' skirts, and when she
did she gently placed her lips on the toe. The Mistress gently lifted her foot
and bent down to touch Toe's back.

"How very sweet, but that won't be necessary. Please come with us." Taking Toe's
hand, she helped her up and took her into another room. There was a informal set
up on a normal dining table. No eyebolts, no dishes on the floor, no bowls of
water. Toe was led to a chair and the man pulled it out.

"I imagine you are not used to dining like this, not at least since you were
free." He said.

"No, Master." Toe was scared.

He rang a small bell on the table. Another door opened and a very young man in a
butler's uniform entered.

"Please bring in our breakfast."

"Yes, Mistress." The butler said.

First he rolled in a cart with coffee, juices and water. Then one came in with
everything anyone would want for breakfast. Breads, eggs, meats, fruits and all
with a beautiful arrangement of flowers.

"What would you like, Toe?"

"Mistress, may I please have some carrots."

"Of course you can, but I hope that you have more than that. Eat anything you
want, until you are full. Do your owners feed you meat?"

"No, Mistress. Thank you, Mistress."

She waved her hand at the butler. He took away the meats and prepared a plate
for Toe, centered on carrots.

"Toe," the man spoke "everything you do here is a test. Every action you take is
being scored. You are never off camera, and we have a team of assessors that
will be scoring you constantly. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master."

"Good then eat."

Toe picked up her fork and poked at an egg. She liked being watched. She drank
orange juice and cleaned her plate.

The trainers stood from the table and indicated for Toe to rise. The Mistress
dipped the corner of a napkin in a glass of water and wiped a little egg yoke
off Toe's lip.

"God you are adorable. We would like you to clean up and get dressed for us. I
will take you. When you are dressed, sit on the chair and wait." She said.

Toe was not used to showering herself and she did it very quickly and harshly.
She was worried that she was under a tight deadline. When finished she found her
wardrobe laid out for her. She was stunned, cotton bra and panties, a loose
fitting cotton maid's uniform that only went to the knee, sheer stockings and
strangest of all... flats. Where it used to take her a half hour and her
Mistress to get dressed, now she did it in a minute. So, she sat and waited.

The door opened and the sundress woman came in.

"Oh, I have you today, good. Please come with me."

As Toe followed, the woman continued.

"We will be testing your agility today. You will be asked to do some tasks and
we will score you. Then we will make it a little more difficult, then more and
so on until you can't accomplish any more tasks. This will take a little while,
so I hope you didn't have any plans."

Toe giggled, and then stopped herself.

"This is the first room, in here you will walk stairs, crawl under things and so
on. The most important thing to remember is that grace, form and elegance are
key. Now, follow the yellow line, keep as close to the line as you can. Start."

Toe found the line and began to walk it. She stood tall, back straight, hands
behind her back. First there were stairs, one side plush carpet, the other wood.
The line indicated that she was to double back on the stairs until the line went
off. Now it was zig zags that got tighter over time. Next there was an area she
had to crawl under a series of half doors. Finally there was just a long
straight line.

"Very good, let's move on."

The next room was like a restaurant dining room. Dishes everywhere.

"I will give you tasks and score you on efficiency, grace and speed. Take this
tray and clear off that table and bring it to the back room."

Toe did.

"Very good, next clean up that mess."

The woman pointed to an upset ashtray on the carpet. Next to it there was a
small brush and a dust pan. Toe cleaned up the mess.

She was given several other serving and cleaning tasks and did them all very
well. The woman complimented her and took her into a new room.

"Now we will increase the difficulty. We will start with the shoes."

A pair of 4 inch heel pumps were handed to her. Toe slipped them on. Then she
ran the entire course again. All day long she was handed more and restrictive
clothing. A corset was added, then a longer and more sever one. Her skirt got
longer and eventually was as tight as a hobble. Shackles were added. Hands in
front of the back, behind the back, chained to her neck, chained to her feet.
Every small change brought another running of the obstacle course. Towards the
end, many of the tasks became impossible.

Sometimes she was so tightly bound that movement was impossible. The woman was
always gentle with her, but clearly loved confining Toe. When she was not able
to walk the first course in a full length laced hobble skirt, her arms behind
her back in a single sleeve and her head covered by a full hood, her assessor
gave up. Toe was undressed to naked and was clearly exhausted.

"Toe, you look tired. Please get up and we will go to your room."

She held Toe's hand as they walked. It felt good to be unencumbered again and
that made Toe feel a little guilty.

"You did very well today. Very well. Most slaves don't get a third as far as you
did. Your owners must value you very much."

"Yes, Mistress. They are very kind to me."

"Here is a menu for your dinner. You will eat it in your room and I will come
get you in the morning. If you need a bathroom, it is down the hall. Feel free
to use it whenever you need. Do you have any questions?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Go ahead."

"Mistress, may I please sleep in chains tonight?"

"No."

"Thank you, Mistress."

Toe went into her room. A few minutes later the butler came to take her order. A
salad, some pasta and water. The food was delicious and soon after finishing,
she passed out, asleep.

A gentle kiss on her forehead. Her assessor stood over her. Today in a bright
blue blouse and a short black skirt. Toe admired her short Victorian cut boots
so much she rolled out of bed and began to kiss the pointed toe.

"Such a good slave, so cute in the morning. Take a shower and get dressed and
then meet me in the classroom." She pointed to another door, the one white.

Toe did as she was told and found her old Cranbrook uniform laid out for her.
Fitting perfectly, it was strange to be back in those days. She began to tear up
a little, thinking about her old friends, that abstract notion of freedom and
wondered about what ever happened to Bunny. She pulled herself together and went
to the white door.

Inside she saw a small desk, a wooden chair and the woman. There was also a
table of food.

"Please sit down, Toe. For the next week you will be taking tests. Some of them
you have taken before and we will be comparing your current and past scores. No
talking, don't leave the room. If you need to use the water closet, there is one
over there. Feel free to eat and drink as much as you like. When you finish a
test ring the bell and I will bring you your next. Here you go."

First an MMPI, then a standard IQ test, then more psychological tests. 12 hours.

The next day she started the academic tests, the SAT, the ACT, the GRE, math
tests, history tests, geography tests. This took the rest of the week.

Her testing went well. She proved to be very psychologically balanced, with a
very high IQ. He academic tests were tougher, the high school stuff was good,
but the grad school tests were less so. Even so, it was rare for a slave to get
over 800 on the SATs.

Toe was given the weekend off. She was told to lounge around the pool and was
even allowed alcohol. But she was still not allowed chains.

On Monday morning, she was greeted by a new face.

"Toe, wake up. Now slave!" The new face screamed.

Toe jumped out of bed and to her knees.

"I am Mistress Viva. Stand now."

Toe stood as she wheeled in a slave transport unit. She lifted Toe onto it. Here
wrists, ankles and neck were quickly fixed into place and she was rolled away.
In the basement, Toe was introduced to the largest dungeon she had ever seen.

"I have to clean you out."

She was wheeled into a tiled room with hoses coming out of the wall. Mistress
Viva put on a long rubber coat and approached Toe with one of the hoses. She
shoved it violently up her ass and released a large amount of warm liquid.

"Hold that until I command you to release."

She left the room and came back with an eye dropper. Forcing her mouth open, she
emptied the full dropper into her throat. Experienced, the Mistress jumped out
of the way.

"Release."

Buckets of stuff began flowing out of Toe's ass and mouth. Viva then began
hosing her down with a high pressure hose. When the water got into her mouth,
Toe could taste that it was full of detergent.

Wheeling her out of the cleansing room, Viva began.

"You had a pretty easy week, didn't you slave."

"Yes, Mistress."

"That ended a few minutes ago. Now we will begin the part of your evaluation
that tests your endurance and tolerance of pain. This will be very difficult for
you and I don't really care. I am here to give you pain. We will start with a
simple whipping. If you reach a point at which you can suffer no longer, yell
'mercy' and I will stop. That is the point at which you will be rated."

The lashes began quickly. Mistress Viva was using a short, fat single tale all
over her back and ass. She was skilled and making a nice lattice pattern on her
recently pampered skin. Viva had a regime worked out, using different tools and
varied force. Toe never used the safe word.

After her beating, Toe was placed in a small cage that allowed her almost no
movement. A light was turned out and she was in the dark, alone. Hours later, a
strong man pulled her out of the cage. He dragged her by the hair to a long
metal rack. When pinned down on it, she realized it was she was slowly being
stretched. Mistress Viva walked up to her and placed a switch in her hand.

"This will continue stretching you at a continuous rate. When it gets to be too
much, hit this button. I want you to use the button, I order you to not just let
it stretch you until it kills you."

The machine moved so slowly, it took a couple of hours for her to experience any
real pain. But then it was bad. She could feel her joints pop and her skin began
to burn. Nausea ran over her body and she thought she might barf, but couldn't.
After a little nap, she realized that she had passed out. She hit the button and
the machine quickly contracted. Not being stretched was now the pain that
overwhelmed her. The man gathered her and put her back in the cage.

The next time she woke she was on an examination table with thick rubber
padding. Her hands and feet bound with rubber straps. Something smashed against
the soles of her feet and she let out a scream. It smashed again and again. Not
a whip, more like a stick and the pain was unbearable.

"Next to your right hand you will notice a dial. Now it is set to zero. When I
tell you, you will begin to very slowly turn it to the right. Keep turning it
slowly until you can take no more. When you are done, turn it back to zero.
Begin."

When she first turned the dial she began to feel short sharp electrical shocks
moving all over her body. Some seemed to come from inside her vagina and ass,
some from her arms, her feet, her thighs, just everywhere. She kept turning and
the jolts got longer, stronger and more focused on the more painful areas. Her
jaw clenched tight and she tried to not scream. She turned more and her body
stiffened as rigid as a board. The dial stopped on that position for a long
time, she could not bring herself to turn it any more. Giving one more quick
movement to the right the pain overwhelmed her so much she had to bring it back
to zero.

An injection, sleep.

The room was small and Toe was very firmly secured to a large chair. No part of
her body could move. The original breakfast couple was standing in front of her.

"Good morning Toe, your testing here is over. Your owners will be here to gather
you in about an hour. You should be happy to know that you tested very well and
appraised very high. Your owners have been informed and they are very proud of
you." The woman was beaming and gently fingering Toe's face and hands. Toe
smiled and felt a warmness inside.

"So just wait here for your owners." The man said as he closed and locked the
door behind him. Toe noticed an IV tube in her arm and wondered how long she had
been there. Then the lights went out. In pure silence and pure darkness, Toe
waited.

Attached to her body were many medical monitoring devices. Blood pressure, brain
waves, heart rate even blood chemistry. Several testers monitored these devices
during Toe's last test. It would not be an hour before her owners came, more
like a week. They wanted to see how she responded to abandonment and test her
patience.

Toe was patient and stunned her observers. When ever they did this test before,
it only took a few hours or maybe a day for panic to set in. Then the slaves
would thrash around in the bonds and begin to really freak out. Toe just sat
there and waited. Every once and a while she would relieve herself in the
specially designed chair, her body processed the IV fluids well. She was pure
stability.

After a week, the door opened and Toe smiled. She saw her owners and slowly
lowered her eyes out of respect. They freed her and placed her stomach down on a
rolling gurney. A nurse attended to her bed sores and then she was dressed by a
couple of beautiful slave girls.

A couple of years ago, Fred bought Toe for a thousand dollars. Her new
assessment valued her at $750,000. They were overjoyed with their investment and
her progress.

Toe was brought home and put back to work just as before. No cool down period,
no reward. She was dressed in her formal service outfit with very tight fetters
when her Mistress rang the bell. Toe went in and knelt before her owner.

Sally yelled into the living room. "Come take her."

Two prison temps came into the room.  One came around her, stuffed a gag in her
mouth and zipped a hood over her head. The other picked her up and placed her in
a wooden crate. A breathing tube was attached to the hood and attached to the
side of the box. An injection, sleep. They then filled the box with white foam
totally immobilizing the slave.

"Mistress, here is the lease agreement."

Sally looked it over, six months, 25 thousand dollars, return of the property in
perfect condition or a penalty would be determined by a mediator. She signed.

"Thank you Mistress, she will be delivered here in six months." The prison temp
handed here a check for $12,500.

The slave crate was put on a dolly and wheeled out to a truck. There were at
least a dozen other crates, stacked and strapped to the wall.

"We have three more stops and then the airport." The temps got in the cab and
rolled out.

Toe slept deeply, for days. When she began to slip into something that resembled
consciousness her eyes opened and she felt her lids scrape across very rough
leather. When she tried to swallow, she felt her tongue suck juice out of
leather. When she felt a bubble in her ear she found that not only could she not
more her hands, she also could not move her fingers. She thought of the bugs
caught in amber that she played with in school. She tried to listen and only
found the deepest silence of her life. Just the deafening sound of her own heart
beat and shallow breathing. She tried to remember what is was that brought her
here.  Earning her way to being valuable is what she remembered.

Toe had never heard of lease agreements. She just thought that slaves were
bought and sold. Slavery was still illegal in almost every country in the world,
so many Asian and European tourists came just to be able to play with the
slaves. Amusement parks and hotels needed to keep many slaves for their patrons.
Leasing offered a great tax advantage and also ensured that their was always
fresh stock.

There were a hundred crates in the cargo plane. Slaves and temps efficiently
loaded them into 18 wheel truck. Toe felt the movement, she felt her box tip and
then flip. Somehow she knew she was upside down, but it didn't seem to matter.
She felt her box drop a little and then nothing. She could feel her spit drip
down the breathing tube and her mouth started to feel very dry. At least the
tube between her legs that drained her urine leaked less. Counting seemed like
the best thing at this point and she began.

It was very very bumpy from 3,500 to 8,000. It was still for the next 5,000.
From 77,000 to around 150,000 it was so rough she worried that her box would
topple. Then it was still until she felt a forklift pick her up and bring her
box into the basement of a large stone resort.

The All Weather Inn was a world famous Alaskan resort. For over a century, sport
fishermen from everywhere came for some of the best Salmon and Grayling fishing
in the world. When the fish stopped running like they used to, the resort
adapted and catered to the Asian sex market.

The first thing Toe heard for days came as a relief, she knew she would soon be
out. A slave in very heavy irons pried the top off the box, inside he found a
large foam cube with just a little fabric poking through. He turned the crate on
it's side and began to hose down the foam with water. It quickly dissolved and
Toe fell out of the box. She struggled to get on her knees, but only slipped
into a heap on the floor. The slave unlocked her clothing and chastity belt and
quickly put metal shackles on her feet and hands.

He lifted her to her knees and roughly undid her hood and gag. He pulled her
head back by her hair. She knew not to rub her eyes and just tried to adjust
enough to see. Standing in front of here was a tall blonde woman. She was very
authoritatively dressed in riding pants, high black boots and a crisp white
blouse. In her hand she held a riding crop that she touched Toe's chin with.

"Slave, welcome to Alaska."

"Thank you Mistress."

"Gag her immediately."

The slave forced a large piece of leather in her mouth and locked it tightly to
her neck.

The Mistress took Toe's packing list out of it plastic bag. She read it over.

"Toe, what an appropriate name. You have been leased to us by your owner and
when your lease is over you will be returned to her. In the meantime, I am your
God. You will do whatever I or anyone else around here tells you. You will be
worked very hard and trained to do things you haven't done yet. Right now I am
going to have you cleaned up and fed."

Toe was pulled to her feet by the male slave and hung in the corner. He hosed
her down and scrubbed her with a sponge. He did not seem to enjoy this as much
Toe did. She loved being washed and after days of sweating in wool it was one of
the most necessary showers she had ever had. She waited patiently for the slave
to sponge down her ass and cunt, but he did it last and for only a moment. She
wondered if he was gay, or if he was just tired of his job.

He removed the gag from her mouth and whispered in her ear. "Please be silent,
all new arrivals are on speech restriction." Toe nodded.

She was led, naked, down a long stone passage way. She noticed cell doors about
every three feet. When he reached her door he unlocked it and attached her
collar to a very heavy chain on the floor. The chain was so heavy she had a hard
time not bending over. A tray was wheeled in with a glass of pureed banana and
powdered stuff.

"Drink this down" The slave told her, and she did in one delicious gulp. Without
a word, the tray was wheeled out and the door locked behind him.

Toe began a series of stretching exercises she learned while she was pregnant.
While she was on her back, lifting her shackled legs in the air she noticed the
video camera. It was in the center of the ceiling, and she gently smiled towards
it. She liked this place. Her cell was small and cool. She liked the stone, it
felt safe and secure. She liked the chain because she had never seen one like it
before. She liked the indifferent slave because of how well trained he seemed.
After some sit-ups and pushups, she ignored the small bed and fell asleep on the
rough stone floor, a gentle smile still pointed towards the camera.


****

Fred and Sally felt the emptiness of Toe's absence deeply. They were shocked
that they had become so attached to her. Sally thought that emotional
attachments to slaves was a dangerous thing. Fred thought it was just natural.
So they took their new income from Toe and proceeded to the bargain basement of
Sam's Slave emporium. Buy low, lease high was their plan. They would look for
the youngest and healthiest stock they could find. This would mean they would
have to deal with undisciplined and uneducated slaves, features Amy looked
forward to correcting.

In the basement Sally looked over a very haggard group of slaves. There was one
old man, chained to the wall, mumbling to himself. His skin was deeply bruised
from years of beatings and she was shocked a little when she saw he was
castrated. His price was 50 dollars.

Fred came across a young man, his chart said he was 25, sold into slavery 10
years ago by his family, served in 3 houses and 5 factories, and was judged by
most of his owners as incorrigible and incompetent. Fred called over his wife
and pointed out the young slave.

Sally beamed when she saw the beast. He looked strong, stupid and breakable.

"Stand slave"

"Fuck you bitch!"

Sally pushed a button and gave the slave a very long and harsh shock. A sales
associate came to assist. She was a very old woman in a black business suit.

"Do as you are told, slave!" The sales woman hit him across the thigh so hard he
immediately bled.

The slave stood.

"He has been very difficult for us, he seems to not care in any way about
punishment or authority."

"How much are you asking for this piece of shit." The slave tried to spit on
Mary, but missed and was slapped by her so hard she knocked him over.

"We are asking for $800."

"I will give you 4."

The saleswoman nodded.

"Box him up, we will take him." Fred said quickly.

"Will there be anything else?" The saleswoman asked.

"We will need one more, something in a female." Sally replied.

"Please come with me." The saleswoman pointed to another room. The male slave
was taken down by the handlers and bound and boxed.

The couple followed the stern old woman to another room. "We have something very
special for you, I hope you like it."

She pointed to a frail young woman in a straight jacket. The jacket was attached
to the wall so she was in a continual standing position. She was weeping and
shivering.

"This one is one of the least successful volunteers I have ever run across. She
was a mixed up girl, no debt, who wanted to sell herself. She had no idea what
she was getting into. I think she felt guilty, seeing all the slaves around her
and wanted to put herself in their place."

"Slave, what is your name!" Sally demanded.

She looked up and started to blubber. "Mistress my name is 348,754D" And she
started to weep uncontrollably. "Can I go home now."

The saleswoman gave her a shock. "You are home, you are a slave and there is no
going back."

Her weeping fell out of control and then she seemed to fall into some sort of
mild seizure.

"This is what happens and why she is down here. We could sell her for tens of
thousands if she wasn't insane."

"Is she really insane?" Fred asked.

"It happened during her first conditioning. Her initial slavers claim she began
to have seizures during a light stimulation session. They gave her a few
thousand dollars worth of medical attention and gave up. She was then sold to a
fishing ship where she cleaned fish for a year. But she kept intentionally
cutting herself and bleeding all over their product. The captain of the ship had
to stop other slaves from throwing her overboard. He threw her in the brig and
brought her to us."

Fred walked up to the tightly bound slave and gave her as much of a hug as he
could, kissed her on the cheek and wiped her face dry. The saleswoman was
shocked by his behavior. Fred whispered in the slave's ear.

"We are bringing you home now."

The girl smiled and stopped shaking just a little. Fred lifted her off the wall
and put a leash on her collar. She fell to her knees and kissed his shoes. Sally
yanked the leash out of Fred's hand and pulled the slave to her feet.

"Follow, slave." Sally ordered.

"Would you like me to box her up for you?"

"That won't be necessary. Ship the boy to our home first thing in the morning.
Keep him in the box tonight."

Sally was a little ambivalent about the young woman. She seemed non functional,
but she was only 200 dollars. Fred needed a project and he got himself one, she
thought to herself.

"What are you going to name her?" Sally asked.

"I don't know, how does Weep sound."

"Funny, and kind of accurate, I like it."

"What about the boy?"

"Pig seems appropriate."

And so there it was, two new slaves to break in and lease out. Pig and Weep.
Sally had several psychiatrist friends who had been recommending a new
reconditioning drug called Lenibio. It was just out of testing and had proven to
make the most awful slaves docile. She bought a one month supply and planned on
taming the Pig.

Weep woke in her new home. Fred had placed her in Toe's old room and restrained
her in a very mild fashion. When she woke she couldn't remember the previous
night, she had forgotten who bought her and wondered where her family was. She
looked and saw the small punishment cage that Toe had grown so fond of

The door unlocked and Fred stood there with a crop in hand.

"Knees" He said softly.

Weep found just enough chain to reach the floor and went to her knees.

"Do you know where you are?"

Silence

"Speak slave."

"No Master, I don't."

"You are home. This is your home."

Weep began to weep. Fred undid her chains and she found herself unbound for the
first time in nearly two years. He took her arm and lead her to the slave's bath
that Toe helped him build. Weep found a warm bath already drawn and her new
owner helped her in.

Compassion was new to Weep and it confused her at first.

"Master, are you going to kill me?"

"No, that won't be necessary, unless you try to escape."

"I will not try to escape."

"I know you won't. The saleswoman told me you were once free."

"I was, Master."

"You understand that you will be a slave for the rest of your life."

She began to cry again.

"I asked you a question. You should always answer my questions, do you
understand?"

"Yes, Master, I understand. I was a free person once."

"Why did you sell yourself?"

"Master, I was mistaken. I thought the life of a slave would be fun. All those
ads, showing happy slave girls working on tropical beaches, wearing all that
sexy clothing and making love all the time."

The ads were effective, run every afternoon during the teeny bopper programming.
They recruited hundreds, maybe thousands of volunteer slaves. There was a minor
controversy a few years ago when it was discovered that some slave brokers were
piling submissive messages into the ads. The messages promised things that were
impossible and in some cases against the slave laws. And while the slavers that
made those ads were given minor fines and forced to change the name of their
company, their slaves were not freed. It appeared that Weep fell into that
world.

"They are beautiful advertisements. But, you must have known that things would
not be that easy."

"My family never owned slaves, Master. They thought it was wrong, I guess
immoral. I really never met a slave until I became one."

"There is no turning back and you will have to learn how to function as a proper
slave or we will sell you to whomever wants to buy you. We don't think slavery
is immoral, we love owning slaves and will not hesitate to punish or even sell
you to a mine if you are not more than adequate."

"Yes, Master."

"Now, we need to make you useful. You need to stop wallowing in your own regret
and begin to serve your purpose to us. You are my property, much like the light
bulb that is illuminating this room or the bed you slept on. This is law,
enforced by the state and I will make sure that you remember that at all times.
This will begin by you doing the chores and services that we require, and that
is all."

"Yes, Master. Thank you Master."

Fred finished bathing Weep. Her body was still soft after a year on a fishing
boat and he loved her shape. He finished with her cunt, rubbing it gently with
his sponge and then his index finger. He massaged her carefully and lovingly.

"I order you to enjoy my touching you. I want you to cum if it comes to you. I
order you to think about the beautiful slave girls in the commercials you saw
and to feel the freedom that is slavery."

And Weep did. She had not been treated this way, ever. She began to instantly
feel a love for her new owner and enjoyed wave after wave of climax. She gushed
over her new owner and wondered where he had been her whole life. When Fred was
finished, he dressed her in some of Toe's heavy clothing that Sally enjoyed so
much. Weep had never worn a corset and she found it most difficult. As Fred
laced her tighter and tighter, her small (but real) breasts shot up high and her
breathing became more shallow. Her stockings were heavy and dark and made her
feel like an old lady. The dress itself was made of wool and metal, she could
not bend her torso or arms easily and it felt like she was wearing a cage.

"This is how you will dress. You are a slave and movement must be difficult for
you. You will learn, over time, how to be graceful and elegant no matter how we
dress you. If you don't we will sell you."

Weep now had on her full day gear. Black wool maids dress with long sleeves and
a long skirt. Three layers of petticoats with wool stockings. High heel shoes
that locked on and a metal collar with matching wrist and ankle shackles. She
could barely move when her first order came.

"I want you to go upstairs and serve your Mistress breakfast. She will be
breaking in an even more difficult slave and she will need your assistance."

"Yes, Master."

Weep took her leave and moved slowly upstairs. Fred guided her to the kitchen
where her angry Mistress waited.

"What the fuck took you so long you stupid bitch."

"Please forgive me Mistress."

"She took a lot of rubbing, Sally."

"Of course she did. I'll bet she stinks of fish to this day."

"Only a little." They both laughed as Weep tried to hold back the tears.

"Slave, fix me one three minute egg, some toast and a banana / mango smoothie."

"Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress."

As Weep fumbled around the kitchen, trying to find her way around the remarkably
unfamiliar territory, the door bell rang. It was the expected delivery of Pig.
When the temp prisoners pried the box open, Pig was still very much under
sedation. His body just poured onto the floor of their living room when he was
dumped from his box.

Fred had a hard time moving around this limp body as Sally went to retrieve an
iron cross from their basement. The cross was a rigid iron device that locked a
slaves hands, feet and neck into position. Fred was barely able to lock his new
slave in.

"Weep, fetch me a glass of water." She yelled to her new slave.

Pig was locked in and dragged to the middle of the living room. Some smelling
salutes were required to bring him back to a wake state. And when he did, it was
a mess. Pig just started screaming at the top of his lungs trying to escape his
rigid bonds. He shit and pissed all over the himself and the carpet as his new
owners watched. And he kept trying to spit on his owners, but his aim and
velocity were so off that his new owners just laughed at his bad effort.

"Weep, get in here and clean this slave off."

Weep had no idea where any cleaning supplies were or even what exactly they were
talking about. She heard Pig's screaming and worried about what might be
happening to him. Weep found a rag, soap and a bucket and started running hot
water. While the water was running she heard even louder screams from the living
room.

"Fuck you fuckers, god damn assholes, get me out of this thing you shitheads."
Pig yelped.

"Silence slave." Sally said mildly as she put the heel of her boot on his ball
sack.

Pig could not move enough to resist her and he just accepted the torment of his
Mistress. Fred came back with a syringe full of a double dose of Lenibio. He
stuck it into his slaves arm and pumped him full. The slave's eyes rolled back
as he felt a rush to his brain.

Weep fumbled around trying to clean the slave and the carpet. She was ridiculed
by her Mistress as she dripped water all over the place and was distracted by
her fellow slave's torment. Sally grabbed Weep's hair as she was trying to clean
off the new slave.

"He is under you. You are just as shitty slave, but he is the worst thing
imaginable. Treat him however you need to do what you are ordered. Do you
understand?"

"Yes Mistress, I understand."

The slave was still squirming around a little and at that point, Weep grabbed
his nuts and squeezed them as hard as she thought she could."

"Be still and let me clean you off for our owners."

And for reasons he could not understand, Pig did.. Weep used a stiff plastic
brush and scrubbed his whole body and the carpet around him. He was not really
getting any cleaner since the brush and the water were just as contaminated with
his waste as anything around him, but she just kept scrubbing. By the time that
her Mistress determined that she was finished when Pig was bruised and bleeding
from the brush.

Sally felt the need for a speech.

"Listen you two pieces of slave shit. We bought you both last night and so now
we own you. You, your name is Weep because all you seem to do well is cry. And
you, you are Pig, because that is what you are. You two are the most pathetic
slaves I have ever seen and it is my duty to make you better.

"Pig, you are way low around here. You will do whatever I, or my husband or Weep
tells you to do. You are the lowest form of slave I have ever come across. The
only thing that makes me want to make you better is your youth and what might
become looks.

"Weep, I command you to help keep Pig in line. You will be punished as harshly
as he is for anything he does wrong. So, you better keep him in line.

"Pig, you had better listen to her and to me because you are a slave, no matter
how much you protest."

Pig could not move as his Mistress began to unfurl fishing line from a large
spool. She grabbed his cock and balls and gave them a tug that made him think
she might be trying to pull them off. Sally started wrapping the line around his
sack as he screamed in horror. The noise was so loud that neighbors who were
walking down the street walked up the lawn and tried to watch the sorrow through
the windows.

After administering Lenibio, it was advised to create a 'unique pain experience'
for the slave. Sally kept the line on the spool and walked out to the back yard.
She reclined in a lounge chair.

"Weep!" she yelled.

Weep came and kneeled before her Mistress. Sally pulled the fishing line hard. A
scream came from the living room. She pulled again.

"Stuff a gag in his mouth, Get me an iced tea,  and clean the kitchen. Go now!"

"Thank you, Mistress." And weep ran off, nearly tripping when her heels dug into
the grass.

Sally pulled the string again and kept jerking it until she heard his scream
muffle. Fred watched Pig from the other room. Weep couldn't see him, when she
attached the gag. She marveled at his cock and how far it was separated from his
body, she never knew it could pull so far. Pig was tensing up in his rigid iron
but still tried to make eye contact with Weep. When he did, Weep saw sorrow and
fear. That only made her want to avert contact and concentrate on his cock. She
reached down to touch it and instantly made him hard.

Fred kept watching as Weep went down to kiss his slave's dick. He wanted to see
just how much trouble she could get herself into. Weeps kiss brought Pig to
something that approached pleasure. The yanks from his Mistress were getting
harder and longer and the now engorged penis was flailing all about. Weep
grabbed it and wrapped her mouth around it. She was skilled, one of the only
things that stuck from her initial training was circular breathing. It took only
a few moments until she was drinking the slave. At that moment, Fred came in.

"Weep, follow."

Startled, she did. He took her to the back yard and had her kneel before her
Mistress.

"Did you order her to give Pig a blow job?"

"I told her to gag him, bring me a iced tea and to clean the kitchen."

"Where is her tea?"

"I haven't made it yet, Master"

"Why did you suck off my slave?"

"I couldn't help myself, Master"

"She is useless, this disobedient on the first day." Sally was clearly angry at
Fred.

"You might be right. Weep, you will be punished severely for this." He walked
behind her, unlocked her dress and stripped her down to her corset. Pulling her
up by the strings on her back, he forced her to a large tree that had chains
hanging from a branch. Attaching her wrists, Weep could not reach the ground.
Her cuffs bit into her skin and she worried that her wrists might break. Fred
held her in place as Sally undid her corset and stripped the rest of her clothes
off. Then the lashing began.

Methodically, her owners each lashed her with single tails. Hitting her hard,
all over her body, she began to bleed. There was no screaming, only weeping.

"You like giving blow jobs?" Sally asked her nearly unconscious slave. "I am
going to send you to a place where you can use your talents. Then we will see
just how much you like giving blow jobs."

And she left her slave hanging, bleeding, and worried. It took just a short
phone call to Bob's Blow Job Hut to arrange for the pick up.

"I am sending her to Bob's for a week." Sally informed Fred.

"Should do her some good."

When the men from Bob's arrived, Fred took her down from the tree and put her
back in the straight jacket he found her in. She was walked through the house on
a leash and got a glance of Pig. He smiled at her and then mocked a kiss. She
hated him now. Thrown into the back of a van, she had no idea what sort of
unique hell she was going to.

The slaves were crated in boxes, except their heads stuck out one head through a
hole. Inside the boxes, their arms and legs were locked in place. Small round
leather eye covers were strapped in place, making her blind but keeping much of
her face exposed. The boxes were stored on shelves that were monitored by video
cameras. Customers come in, scan through the monitors and choose a face. Once
chosen, the box would be taken off the shelf by a robotic apparatus and placed
in perfect position for the customers blow job.

The customers were required to use condoms, and most chose nasty condoms. Nobody
ever said a word to Weep, and the first time her box was chosen, she had no idea
what she was supposed to do. She could not see the man standing in front of her,
but she felt his presence. His hand grabbed her hair and the other forced her
mouth open.

Soon all she tasted was this rubber covered dick that tasted a bit like fish.
Instinct told her it was time to give a blow job, and she was right. She licked
and sucked and did every thing she knew, but he would not stay hard.

"Bitch, do your job." He said as he hit a button. A piece of spring form steel
whaled down from the top of her box and hit her in the ass. This surprise made
her yelp as the man hit the button again and again. This made him hard and she
went back to work. When he finished her box was put back on the shelf and she
just earned another dollar for her owners.

Back at the ranch, Fred was working Pig. Out of his rigid irons and after a
breakfast of bread and water, he was now heavily shackled in the yard. His body
was heavily chained, including and old fashioned ball and chain. He was given
the simple task of turning over the garden. Spring was coming soon and Sally
wanted a garden. Fred stood over his Pig and lashed him whenever he slowed. The
garden was large and full of stones. When turning it over was finished, the Pig
crawled around on his knees, picking out stones.

Sally and Fred soon grew tired of not having anyone around to do the house hold
chores. Pig could not be trusted to do anything more than the most base labor.
The Lenibio was beginning to take hold of him, and his disposition had shifted,
but he was still difficult to manage. After a week at Bob's, Weep brought home
$216 dollars. More than half her value. When she worked around the house, she
was clumsy and distracted by Pig. Plates were broken, whippings ensued. She
would get caught touching Pig in inappropriate ways and whippings ensued. After
a couple of weeks of no progress, she was sent back to Bob's for an indefinite
stay.

After a month at Bob's she had earned nearly a thousand dollars. As pure
investment, Weep was a very good slave, but her owners wanted something more.
Something more like Toe. Weep began to tire of her life in a box, giving blow
jobs. Her mind began to go and that developed into anger. Some men liked
reluctant blow jobs, but when she started biting and vomiting it was just too
much. She was banned for life.

With no potential for income and a complete lack of household skills here
usefulness was gone. Fred and Sally decided to sell her to a coal mine. For five
hundred dollars, the mine got three years of work out of her, before she died.

The buy really low, sell high method was tiring and Fred and Sally decided that
it was time to get a proper slave. Looking through the monthly catalogs of some
of the most exclusive slave brokers. Sally contacted one of the best brokers in
the country, Hemmings. She asked them to bring out a few candidates, all
domestic servants.

John Hemming brought over the slaves. Four beautiful young women in simple short
white dresses. They walked in single file and kneeled when instructed by their
broker.

"Ms. Terwilliger, my name is Fred Hemming, it is a pleasure to meet you."

"Charmed." Sally walked around the slave girls. She touched them on their backs
and none flinched. She and Hemming took a seat on the couch.

"Number 1, stand." He commanded. The slave stood with grace and dignity. With
long black hair, and a very beautiful figure the slave had a glow that was hard
to define.

"This one has been a slave since birth. She has had two owners and extensive
training. She is most skilled in the kitchen and the bedroom. She also speaks
Japanese and Spanish, making her very valuable on the lease market. Kneel.
Number 2 stand."

Number 2 was a five foot tall, 90 pound beauty. With her hands behind her back,
her breasts gently lifted her white dress.

"This one is a volunteer. She has been sold three times, each time for a profit.
After finishing nursing school, her family went bankrupt and she chose to sell
herself. For a volunteer, she has been very effective and obedient."

"No, she is too inexperienced for the price. Down slave." Sally commanded.

"Number 3, stand."

"Walk for me." Sally said. "Over there, now stop and touch your toes. Come to me
and kneel."

The slave did as she was told and Sally was in love. One owner for almost ten
years, she was being sold as part of an estate sale. Formally trained in many
forms of cooking, documented yearly conditioning sessions, no history of
disobedience or violence and very high intelligence scores.

At over six feet tall, the slave was much larger than Sally, but her submission
was so deep it made no difference. Her face was beautifully angular with large
and bright eyes. Many slaves always looked tired, this one looked awake and
aware.

"Send the others away, I will take her." Hemming led the girls and locked them
in his van. He came back with a clipboard and contracts. At three hundred
thousand dollars, Number 3 was a massive investment for Fred and Sally. They
used Toe and their house as collateral and took out and insurance policy on
their new property. Number 3 would have to be leased at some point, just to help
pay for her, but they would keep her in the house until Toe's return.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  The Odd Side of Jeff


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





