BDSM Library - The Captain's Lady




The Captain's Lady
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Captain saves desperate woman from suicidal leap and she surrender herself to Him.
The Captain's Lady
             By Katherine English and Captain Dee


Katherine:

I trembled...ever so slightly. 

Sitting on the wet tiles, I watched Him labor between my thighs in the muted
steam of the shower.  His fingers were gentle... so gentle as they slipped
between my "lips", stretching them outward as he passed the blade over my sex,
erasing my auburn thatch and leaving my pink flesh bare before His gaze.

Had it been only five days since my fateful jump into the icy water...only five
days?  It seemed a lifetime.  The old Katherine would never have done
this...never even considered this...and yet there I was.

Slowly I pressed my back against the shower wall and allowed myself to drift
with the sensation, replaying the torrent of images that whirled through my mind
like visions in a dream.

I'd wanted to end it all that night, to take what little dignity remained in my
life and preserve it in the frigid water beneath the bridge...but fate had other
plans.  Instead I'd been reborn...a metamorphosis...a miracle.

Life with the Captain was good.

I shivered with delicious anticipation as His fingers slid sensuously between my
thighs.  What would tonight bring, I wondered...what?
------------------------------------------------------------------------




                                 Five days before:


The Captain:

It was a relief to sit in the pub drowning my sorrows. At least the experiences
of the last few weeks could temporarily be set aside, or could they?

Losing Kerilynn after all this time was just too much. She meant so much to me.
We had learned to thoroughly enjoy one another's company, and understood how to
please each other. Still, Keri was one to wander a bit, so it was always hard.

What I really needed was someone who was mine. Mine to adore, mine to enjoy,
mine to use. A man like myself desperately needed the sort of love that involved
a complete giving. I needed to have my own, my very own woman.

One day I will find such a woman. I know they exist. My maid, Sarah, talks about
them all the time. "Subs", she calls them. As her Master this woman would
willingly want to cater to my every whim, to satisfy my every sexual desire.
Wouldn't that be something? But does such a woman really exist? I must keep
looking. Sarah assures me she is there.

Time I headed back to the beach house. If I drink much more I'll be in no fit
state to drive.

The night is so quiet, misty, dark.  It reminds me so much of nights back home
in New Zealand.  So few people around...  you can hardly see more than a few
feet ahead. The darkness reaches out to me, so lonely, so depressed. Still, the
car's not far, just across the bridge.

But, what's that woman doing? Climbing onto the side of the bridge? "No! Hey!
Stop that!" I call.  I run as fast as I can, reaching out for her.

God no, she's gone!

No time.  I rip off my jacket and shoes and jump. It's so dark...can't even see
her, but she's there. I swim around and around...there...there she is. I grab,
pull her to me. She's alive. She's okay. I think she'll be all right. Thank God!

I swim with her to the shore and rest on the bank. Not a soul around. Funny, you
would have thought someone would have noticed, but no, seems not. I'd better get
her to a hospital, quickly. She is so cold. Not that I'm all that warm myself.

I carry her to the car and lay her on the back seat. Fortunately I have a throw
rug and place it over her. I can't help noticing how young and attractive she
is, so small... vulnerable...with her lovely, long red hair lying all wet beside
her face and over her eyes. I use my hand to brush it back. Hell, even in this
light she is so beautiful.

[Come on Dee, this is stupid. You need to get her to a hospital.]

The drive takes about thirty minutes, and all the time my judgement is playing
ridiculous tricks with me. Could I take her back to the beach house? Could I
just get to have one really good look at this beautiful woman in the light?
Maybe I could look after her. Maybe...

[Stop it Dee.]

That's stupid, or is it? After all she is moving around a bit. She's obviously
not that bad, nothing that a hot chocolate Milo, warm shower and clothing
wouldn't fix. I could say I had no idea where to take her. She didn't need a
hospital. It would be pretty miserable hanging around a police station.

Yeah, why not?

I turn the heater up and make sure she's comfortable...she seems to be sleeping.
Then, putting "The Captain" CD on, I  play it quietly as I drive.  Kasey
Chambers, I love that singer, and the song...just perfect for me.

Even I'm feeling okay by now, wet clothes and all. Maybe this wonderful woman
could be mine, at least for a while. The whole situation is full of intriguing
possibilities. That's me though, dreaming again.

It takes me about an hour to get to the beach cottage. Sarah was expecting me to
be late, and has left the house well lit...but how can I explain my "visitor" in
the morning?

I carry my "prize" inside.  Light as a feather she is, and I can feel her
softness against me even through our clothes. As I approach my bedroom she
starts to disturb, but only slightly. Still unconscious I lay her on the bed. 
Oh God she looks something else!  I suppose I could phone...get Sarah to help,
but no.  I don't want her to know, at least not until I've had a chance to talk
to my "prize" and learn something about her. Her name?  I don't even know her
name.

This is going to be wonderful, I think, knowing that she needs her wet clothing
removed.  Should I or not?  Buggar it, why not?  She's my prize, after all...and
it's the right thing to do.

 Silently I remove her outer clothing, until I finally get her down to her
underwear, and stand back to have a look. Words just can't describe the sight
before me. Oh...how can I ever control myself?

[Shut up Dee, get on with it.]

The bra first. Her breasts are so firm, the nipples sticking straight out. Not
aroused of course, just cold...but they looked aroused. The aureoles are so
large, I feel as if I could suck them right into my mouth...enlarging them,
making them humongous.

Panties...basic cotton panties, hiding everything. But what lies beneath? I'm
longing to look. I slide them down, her little thatch of auburn pubic hair
hiding a virtual paradise. If only I could see inside there...into that
wonderful honey pot.  I wonder how many men have been there?  Maybe none. Maybe
she'll be mine alone. What a dream, what a wonderful dream.

I can't resist touching her. She lies so still. My hand runs down gently over
her breast, brushing the tips of her nipples with my palm, on down her side.

[Be careful, Dee, she's disturbing.]

 She seems fine though, but maybe groggy a bit, a little hazy. My hand brushes
across her tummy. She turns slightly, her legs open involuntarily. You can see
she is unconsciously enjoying my touch.

[I shouldn't be doing this.]

Oh, why not? No one knows. I can't resist the prospect of getting my finger in
just a little, just enough to get some juice, to taste my prize.

Gently, I dip.  Oops, she obviously enjoyed that, but then so did I. Mmmmm. So
nice.

I must stop now. It's not fair. I'll leave her to sleep it off. I'll be ready
for her when she wakes in the morning...

------------------------------------------------------------------------




Katherine:

The raucous cry of gulls pierced the early morning light.  Were there birds in
heaven too, I wondered dimly remembering my early church-bound religious
training, or had my desperate lunge from the bridge taken me to another place?

Confused, my eyes scanned my new surroundings for a sign, any sign that would
give me the answer I so desperately needed...but to no avail.  If this was
indeed the "other place", then I'd been aiming in the wrong direction.  For
here, the light tranquility that I'd chased for a lifetime filled my soul in
abundance...carried on the delicate breeze that sighed intimately through the
French doors and caressed my skin like the lover that had forever filled my
dreams.

But was I alone in this whimsical world of fact and fancy, or was it in fact
populated by others, perhaps the one who held the "pink slip" on my newfound
paradise?  Quickly I threw back the covers, my feet finding the finely polished
hardwood floors beneath them, the satin of the sheets sliding sensuously across
my bare flesh.

Bare?

I'd had clothing when I'd taken my ill chosen leap last night, of that I was
sure.  How had I come to wake naked, and in this place?  Again my eyes sought
answers in the dwindling shadows, until finally I turned and found a man, his
body slumped uncomfortably in a nearby chair, his chin dark with morning
stubble...sitting as though keeping guard over something too precious to allow
out of his sight.

He was pale, this man, as though he too had found the evening before more of a
trial than he'd planned.  His long legs lay draped over the arm of the chair,
his brown hair in wild disarray. This must be his house...his room I thought,
guiltily taking in his obvious discomfort.  It was his bed that I'd commandeered
last night, while he tried to find some restless repose in the large,
overstuffed leather chair on which he slept.

But my clothes...where were they...and who had...?  And then a dim memory called
to me from out of the fog. No...not a memory, more of an impression, a vague
shadow on my memory of a voice...so soothing....and a touch in the twilight of
my consciousness...caressing me, exploring my moist, intimate depths as I
writhed in pleasure at the contact.  Had that happened, I wondered...was it
real?

Again the breeze from the sea beyond licked hungrily at my naked flesh, making
me wish that I could forgo the conventions of clothing for the rest of my
life...but of course, that couldn't be.  Even someone homeless, a street person
such as I'd become, was bound by convention to that meager extent. 

Again I searched the room, this time seeking the soiled and sodden rags that had
covered me the night before, but finding nothing.  And so, with great
reluctance, I wound the silken sheet about me, at once replacing the luxury of
my sensuously unencumbered state with a soft kiss of delicate fabric that glided
against my most intimate places as I crossed to the balcony.

It was beautiful here...so beautiful.  It was a wonder that my eyes could be
drawn anywhere else...but they were.  Again and again I found myself stealing a
glance beneath lowered lashes at my rescuer, for I was sure that was what he
must be...sitting so nobly in the chair that he'd adopted so that I could fill
his bed.  Had he touched me, I wondered again...had he pressed his hand against
my warm and willing flesh before retiring to his self-imposed leather-bound
exile last night.  Had he?  The thought made my skin prickle...grow hot and
goose-fleshed with the thought of a passion I'd never experienced.

If he had touched me...would he do so again?  Would I want him to?

I shivered involuntarily, my knees quivering at the thought.  Would I, in the
full height of consciousness be able to feel the warm touch of his hand joining
us once again...and more?  Would the fanciful yearnings of my secret soul
finally find a home?

Slowly I slid to the floor, my back against the wall, and studied this man who
had given me back my life.  I imagined myself kneeling at his feet in
adoration... trust...submission, experiencing, wide-eyed the joys of passionate
surrender that had only been a vague desire in the hellish life to which I'd
become accustomed.  We could live here...in Camelot...a dream world filled with
erotic sensation.  I could imagine his hands once again and forever discovering
my secret passions, teaching me the ways of erotic love as we sailed through
weeks and years on a sea of our own making.  It would be wonderful...perfect.

I jumped!  In my reverie I'd failed to notice that he was no longer asleep...no
longer resting in his chair but was now standing over me offering me his hand.

"You don't have to sit on the floor," he smiled, His thumb lightly stroking my
knuckles.  "And even though that red silk seems to suit you, I'm sure I can find
you something better for the moment."

He was a tall man, his voice soft, his accent...possibly from Australia or New
Zealand, was like a gentle caress.  His hazel eyes warmed the air between us as
he took my hand and raised me off the floor.

Then, leading me like the child I felt I'd become, he guided me to a closet on
the far side of the room, filled with the most delicate and feminine confections
that I had ever beheld.  It was a veritable treasure trove of light and swirling
fabrics, exquisite embroidery, sheer and free-flowing in a fabulous mosaic that
filled the tiny room.

"Take your pick," he offered, his eyes gently stroking my barely clad frame.  "I
think they should fit.  She...was about your size, I think.  And you'll find
undergarments in the dresser.  Help yourself...I'll be downstairs starting
breakfast.  Come down when you're ready and we'll talk."

And with that His eyes once again captured my own, touching me...so intimately
before he turned and left me to my own devices.

The clothing was so wonderful...it was hard to choose what to pick, but finally
I settled on a sheer muslin peasant blouse, it's daringly scooped neckline
richly embroidered and held this side of scandal by a single golden cord.  To
this I added a swirling, ankle-length skirt of bleached muslin, cut on the
bias...slit to show the curve of my right leg as I sat, and a pair of strappy
leather sandals.  Then I searched the dresser for suitable underwear.  The
panties I found were brief...cut high on the leg and formed of delicate wisps of
peach satin and lace...more pieces of erotic art than garments to be sure. 
Though a little snug, I soon found a pair among many that suited my needs, but
the bras were another matter.  These, though equally beautiful, were far too
small for my opulent bust line.  Could I wear such a blouse, so low and
transparent without undergarments I wondered.  Did I dare?

Slowly I slipped the blouse over my head and gazed at myself in the mirror. 
Were those my nipples showing through the fabric...or just an illusion of
embroidery?  Was I bold enough to find out?

I swallowed hard, recalling the dreamlike encounter of the night before.  Would
he see my bare breasts through the thin veil of my blouse...my nipples
enlarged...inviting Him to touch...caress...suckle...

I broke from my reverie.  First, I had to bathe.  I wouldn't wear such delicate
wonders on my filthy body...it just wouldn't do.  Quickly I found the adjoining
bath and dropped my sheet to the floor, stepping with a sigh beneath the
tingling spray of the large, luxuriously appointed shower.  Everything I needed
was there...shampoo, conditioner, and a profusion of scented soaps.  I would
want for nothing I thought as I gratefully began to lather my body, sliding my
hands over my warm, slippery flesh.  It was all here.

The peace.

The tranquility.

And the man with whom I wanted to share the only thing I truly owned...myself.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------




The Captain:

So beautiful, so wonderfully beautiful. And when she comes down, dressed and
groomed I must be careful to control myself. The last thing I want is to
frighten her away.

But, could I? She seemed so at ease, so content. Perhaps the situation here has
had her reconsidering her actions of last night. Certainly, she couldn't wish to
be in a better place. Can you think of a nicer atmosphere to wake up in?  The
sounds of the sea breaking on the shore, the birds, the yachts in the distance
beyond the wonderful white sand. The chiffon curtains billowing into the room on
the breeze. The smell of the surf. I could stay here forever, easily. More
easily if I had someone like her to stay with, to play with.

From the way she looked at me, almost longingly, I could have sworn she had only
pleasant thoughts of me.  This prize could really be a gift well worth the
unwrapping.
But why were there no questions? The room. The mirrors, the butt bench. She must
surely have wondered about them. By now she has been in the closet and seen the
Hellcats and crop hanging inside the door. She may even have found the "toys" in
the chest of drawers. How am I going to explain all of that? But if they had
worried her unduly, surely she would not have seemed so comfortable. Maybe, as
Sarah often says, I worry too much.

I poke my head in the bedroom door, "Jump in the Jacuzzi while you're there,
it'll make you feel nice. Hey what's your name?  I don't even know your name. 
Did you say Kathy... Kathy?  Oh,  Katherine...that's nice, a nice name.
Breakfast will be about 15 minutes, so take your time."


I was deliberately giving her plenty of time. If she did jump in the Jacuzzi and
put the jets on she would be ready for anything by the time she came down.

Pancakes just the way I like them, thin, lightly browned. Crispy bacon, bananas,
strawberries, freshly whipped cream, and that wonderful new maple syrup I had
found. The coffee smells delicious brewing away.  All I have to do now is
squeeze the oranges.  And, yes, some wine, a nice light white sparkling wine.

If it was evening we could have candles and create a really intimate atmosphere. 
I know, I'll take it all upstairs and set it out on the balcony.  It's such a
lovely morning.  If only Sarah was here, she could help me.  Never mind, this
effort is going to be repaid a thousand-fold.  I can feel it in my bones.  The
time is close to unwrapping my prize.  A little chat and then...
------------------------------------------------------------------------




Katherine:

How can this be?  Last night I existed in the deepest, darkest pit of human
torment, and here I've awakened this morning to a new life, with the man I've
been waiting for since the beginning of time.  I'm not alone any more. 
Somewhere, in the limitless cosmos, someone has finally noticed me... and
smiled.

 "Captain Dee", for that is the name I found printed on the stack of mail
scattered so haphazardly on the dresser, has returned with the kind of breakfast
that I could have only dreamed of a few short days ago... but it's more than
that.  He seems gentle, caring, nurturing in a way that I've forgotten existed. 
How long has it been since someone really cared about me?  I can't remember. 
I've told myself that it doesn't matter so many times... built walls to keep
away the hurt.  But it does matter, even now.  The Captain's closeness brings it
all back tenfold.  I need to be here, need to be with him...need him to save me
from myself.

The meal looks incredible, set here on the balcony overlooking the blue Pacific,
but it's the look in his eyes that carries me away.  How I want to lose myself
in his gaze...to feel his warmth enfold me, caress me...protect me from the
world beyond.

Slowly he reaches out to me, his palm upturned, beckoning me to close the
distance between us. I hesitate, a tiny revolution warring deep in my soul.  So
many men have approached me during my long days and nights on the streets, only
to find me defensive and fleeing in terror...so many.  My blood begins to race
and I feel a warm flush creep steadily across my cheeks.  Is it time...is it?

The Captain waits, his patience soft and enduring until finally, my heart
overruling my head, I place my hand in his.  I want this as much as he does.  I
want him to be the one I'll remember for the rest of my days as "my first".  I
want him to unveil the mysteries of passion and intimacy to me in the best
possible way.  In his smile.  In his arms.  In his bed.

And so, as he leads me back into the bedroom I follow willingly...joyously in
fact, a yet untapped wellspring of arousal stirring in my belly.  This is right,
I know it, so very right.

Gently he raises the hem of my blouse, up and over my head, his eyes warming my
flesh in the chill morning air.  I swallow nervously, my hands protectively
shielding my naked breasts, holding on to my last reserve.

He pauses, his thumb tenderly stroking my cheek as if to say "It's all right,
Katherine.  I won't hurt you.  No one will ever hurt you again."

I believe him.  He's given me his word.  And so, lowering my lashes, I remove my
hands from my breasts and slide my fingers beneath the waistband of my skirt.  A
brief tug, then the snap releases with a pop in the still morning air, and in a
second I feel the soft material cascade around my ankles.   Only the lacy
confection that covers my sex now separates me from what is to come, and in a
rush I want that too to be gone as well.

Shyly I reach for the elastic of my panties, but he stills me with a tiny shake
of his head.  "Not yet, Katherine.  Patience, 'Little One'.  Some things are
better savored... appreciated a nibble at a time."

I blush again.  What must he think of me?  But then my embarrassment falls away
and fades into nothingness as he slides his arms around my quivering body and
draws me close to him.  He's so warm and sheltering, his lips finding my own,
his tongue exploring my mouth until I find myself breathless with need.

"Is this your first time Katherine?" he whispers into my ear, his voice melting
the last of my resolve.  But he knows the answer before it even forms on my
lips...he knows.

Silently I nod, the warm rush in my belly growing and spreading between my
thighs.  Then, pressing his lips to my throat, he lifts me up in his arms and
bears me weightlessly across the room.   Desperately I cling to his neck,
burying my face beneath his chin as he carries me to the bed, the mad flutter of
my pulse stealing my breath away.

He pauses again, stroking my flesh with his fingers, then lays me gently down
among the remains of the bed coverings like something precious and fragile.  I
sigh, eyes widening as he loosens the sash on his robe and lets it fall in a
hush to the floor.

He is magnificent.

His body calls to me in a language so primeval that only the human heart has
ever recorded it.  I lick my lips, learning, memorizing his shape, his texture. 
Then he's beside me, his hands caressing my breasts, his tongue circling against
my straining nipples until I moan softly between parted lips, begging for him to
continue...continue... continue...

His fingers, so curious, now slide beneath my panties, seeking and finding the
moist auburn patch between my thighs.  I gasp!  Has a human hand ever felt so
good?  He probes further...further until I feel him testing my virginal barrier
with the tip of his index finger.

I whimper.  Will he...will he...

Then he withdraws, but only for a second, and I feel his hands easing my panties
down over my hips, baring my glistening sex, sending an unquenchable fire
through my veins.

Again I whimper, reaching for his hand once more, pleading silently for him to
touch me, stroke me as he'd done before.  But he has other ideas...wonderful
ideas.

Gently, he instructs me to part my legs, raising my knees to allow him access.
Then, lying between them he strokes my body, his lips drawing out my sighs, his
tongue hungering tortuously inside me until I'm sure that heaven must be weeping
over my joy.   It's only then that he lays his massive sex atop my fluttering
belly, displaying himself so that I'll feel secure for what's to come.

"This may hurt a little," he says, pausing, his breath warm against my cheek. 
And then, reaching between us he guides his shaft toward my guarded opening and
begins to press...hard...harder until I feel the pain of his intimacy shoot
between my thighs.  A sweet sensation...pain and passion, sweet and sour, each
blending to create a dish for the gods. 

And then he takes me.

I feel his hardened sex thrust deep within me...plowing my virgin furrow,
growing in depth and intensity with each powerful jut of his hips.  My moans,
soft at first, rise to fill the room, my cries of passion drowning out the sound
of the waves, the sound of the gulls...the pounding of my heart.  Lost in a
world of sensation, I close my eyes, but not before I see the hazy concentration
on his face and feel the heat of his seed fill my body...flooding me...pushing
me over the edge.

Then, rolling onto his back, he places me atop his hips and instructs me to
"touch" myself while he feasts his eyes on my rising passion.  I hesitate at
first.  How can I?  I have never displayed myself so brazenly...but then, this
is a time for "firsts", is it not?  And so I slip my index finger deep between
my labia, finding and stimulating my throbbing clit as he watches me with heated
gaze.  My climax, still on the brink from my first encounter, is quick in
coming, and as I plunge my fingers frantically within myself he takes my hand
from its nest and begins to lick my fingers.  I'm touched...amazed.  He's been
in my body, and now I'm in his.  It seems right, somehow...appropriate.  I
smile.  We'll do well together, this wonderful man and I...very well indeed.

I know at that moment that I want to be His...to be all that He will ever want
me to be...all that He ever wants in a woman...a lover...a friend.  I want to
color the shadows of His life with irrepressible joy...passion that fills Him to
the brim every minute of every day.  I want Him near me...beside me...inside of
me every waking moment.

I'm His.  I belong.  I've found my place.
------------------------------------------------------------------------




From the Journal of Captain Dee:


Last time I wrote in a journal I was around thirteen years of age and
desperately in love with my English teacher, who had these wonderful breasts. I
remember we used to call them boobs. Breasts that always seemed to be bursting
to get out.

I was only a lovelorn kid then. Can you imagine a grown man writing a journal? A
notebook maybe, but a journal, never!

Well I'm sorry but there is no other way. Somewhere I have to record what has
happened to me over the last couple of days.

To meet one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen. To play the white
knight and rescue her from what almost certainly would have been her death, and
to have the very real possibility of having this woman adore me for the rest of
my life. That's wonderful enough, but do you know what else?

I had the glorious experience of taking her virginity and perhaps having what
every man dreams of in a loyal, faithful, loving woman serving him for the rest
of his life.

Once before I took a girl's virginity.  She was maybe sixteen or seventeen, and
as with most young guys I made a real hash of it, and have always felt guilty.
Hopefully she didn't mind too much, but I certainly did.

This was entirely different. Imagine everything you always dreamed of...coming
true in one beautiful morning.

The sensation was electrifying. Absolutely. The look on Katherine's face was
what dreams are made of, and what's more she seemed to enjoy every moment.

I wont tell you yet what followed, but believe me if it is any indication of
what's to come I am one of the luckiest guys alive,

Katherine...Katherine...Katherine...the name alone is already enough to stir my
passion.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------




Katherine:

This morning I woke to the dawn of a new life, and now that life is populated
with so much more than I ever considered possible.  This man...this captain of
my soul opens doors every time He looks at me...touches me...teaches me.  He
seems to know what I want even before I realize it myself.  How can that be?

We're eating this morning, our first, on the patio, naked for all the world to
see...free and unadorned beneath the eyes of God.  I was shy initially, but this
stretch of beach is so isolated...so pristine, we have the view of each other
all to ourselves.

When He looks at me I know how much I mean to Him...His eyes tell it all...and
the words from His lips fall like a gentle rain on a parched landscape.  He
knows what to say...how to say it. His very nearness replenishes me.  I tell Him
then of a belief the Chinese have...of a saved life belonging to the one who
rescues it.  I'm His now...His property...He owns me and I own Him.

I dive into my pancakes...a little cold now, but it's been so long since I've
had anything that tastes anywhere as good...and then the Captain suggests that
we take the strawberries and bananas inside.  I'm confused at first...but He's
my Captain.  I'd eat naked in Times Square if that's what He wanted...and so I
follow.

Once we're inside, He strokes me gently then directs me to sit on the couch. 
His eyes are so tender, caressing, and when He softly requests me to open myself
to Him I do so without hesitation.  Everything within me rushes like molten lava
between my thighs to serve His every desire...to please Him...to please myself.

He smiles, a slow expression of satisfaction crossing His features as He notices
my damp and dewy condition...then offers me a strawberry from the basket in His
hand.  I pause...what's expected of me?  And then I know.  Slowly, I chose a
small berry...long of stem, and slip it deep into my moist channel, wetting it
with my juices, then drawing it out slick and glistening once again.

He takes my hand then, and bringing it upward toward His lips, He imprisons both
berry and fingertips in one hungry motion.  I gasp, and once again I feel the
flood between my thighs crest and threaten to engulf me.  The hunger in His eyes
now transcends the mere taste of berries and flesh as once more He offers the
small basket to me.

This time I understand the game and my part in it, and readily take up my role. 
First, I coat the strawberry liberally with my overflowing moisture, then I take
it upon myself to offer it to His hungering lips not on my fingertips, but this
time between my teeth.  He looks surprised at first, not expecting my sudden
boldness, then covers my lips with His own...inhaling the berry, my tongue and
my quivering breath deep into His body.  My mind whirls...my senses spinning out
of control.  How I long to take His hand and press it against my heated
flesh...to feel Him...

Then, touching me intimately, He finds me wet and ready for what's to come and
begins to peel the banana that He holds tight in His hand.  I shiver...a new
experience in a day that has already held so much?  But strangely I know that
whatever He has in mind it will be pleasurable...He would never hurt
me...degrade me.  I'm His.  I'm His cherished one...His prize.  And so I open my
thighs a little wider and lean back, His will at once my own.

Slowly then...His lips caressing my trembling flesh, He inserts the tip of the
ripened fruit into my newly opened passage...nudging gently until it's fully
engulfed, retreating and thrusting again until my juices have coated it in a
heavy layer of my creamy effluent.  It's only then He removes it and presses it
to my lips.

"Taste," he directs.  "This is what you taste like to me.  I want you to
experience it all."

Obeying without question, I part my lips and extend my tongue, delicately
licking at the pale flesh of the fruit, sucking it into my mouth with growing
appreciation.  It's sweet...so sweet, and I would have taken it deeper yet, but
suddenly He removes it from my reach and nudges it once again between my thighs. 
This time He watches as it slips from view, deep into my flowing slit, causing a
fresh deluge to gush from my sensitive opening. 

His shaft, now hard and heavy against my leg, quivers ever so slightly as He
takes the fruit into His mouth with a gusto born of life.  Breathlessly I watch
as He consumes it...my heart pounding in my breast.

Then I realize...I want to know what he tastes like as well...to feel His
manhood between my lips as He has so erotically demonstrated to me with the
phallic fruit.  But it's  not to be.

"May I taste?" I question, reaching for His hardened member.  But to my
surprise, He declines.

"Not yet," He replies.  "I have something else in mind.  Come with me."

Gently He takes my hand and leads me to the Jacuzzi, turning on the bubbling
jets until the water swirls around me, relaxing me...arousing me once again. 
Then, turning my body away from Him, He drapes my torso over the very edge and
takes up a position between my knees, in close proximity to my buttocks.

In the dim innocence of my life I've heard of this...of the pain, the
vulnerability that it places one in, but somehow it doesn't matter.  The Captain
wants it...he wants me...and I want it all.

I sigh as His oh-so-talented fingers part my nether cheeks, exposing my tiny
untried "bud" to His gaze.  The water swirls...probing, soothing as he strokes
between my thighs, titillating the crevice between my rounded orbs with His
fingers.

And then I feel it...gentle at first, then more demanding as His finger presses
unerringly into the center of my quivering ring of muscle.  I shiver in spite of
the heat that surrounds me, and He pauses, allowing my body to adapt to the new
intrusion.  Then, holding me fast He presses firmly against the small of my back
with His left hand, causing my back to bow and my buttocks to become more
prominent.

Again He begins to move, thrusting more rapidly now, my anus closing tightly
around His finger as He probes over and over deep within me.  He continues in
this way until I begin to relax and let the sensation flow pleasurably between
us.  It's at this point that His lone finger is joined by another... doubling
the sensuous torment to which my tiny opening is being exposed.  I bite my lower
lip.  If two fingers, miniscule by comparison feel this enormous, what will it
feel like when...

I haven't long to wonder.  The Captain watches me carefully, waiting until I'm
once again aroused and rocking intimately against His probing fingers, then
withdraws and presses the knob of His throbbing manhood against my narrower
passage.  He thrusts.

I scream...the pain...the pain!

Again He pauses, holding me yet in place, His engorged sex deep in my anus as I
writhe beneath Him, my body seeking to accommodate His massive intrusion.  The
water, so soothing, swirls around us, and as my body slowly eases its tight grip
he presses forward...deeper, until He's fully engaged and I lay breathless and
panting before Him.

My fingers curl into trembling fists, my nails piercing the palms of my hands as
He again begins to move.  Pleasure and pain...pleasure and pain...each a part of
the other sweep over me as He penetrates deep into my belly. Finally the sounds
of His satisfaction caress my ears and I feel His heated offering fill me,
spilling into the swirling water that engulfs us.  I've pleased Him, and in
doing so I've pleased myself.  I'm overjoyed. 

But...what's this?

Sighing deeply then, He remains within me but now seeks to maneuver my trembling
body over one of the bubbling jets that surges around us.  There, positioning my
hungering clit above a pulsating water jet He holds me, impaled, until the
sensation renders me senseless and I once again find myself screaming, this time
in blessed relief.

And so ends our first morning together.  My mind wanders to the curious
implements I'd seen hanging in the closet...in the dresser drawers, and I know. 
We're not over yet.  My innocence has yet to be challenged on a still greater
scale.  The day is young...and the warm water swirls around us.

I am His.
------------------------------------------------------------------------




From the Journal of Captain Dee:

That day was more than I could ever wish. The sexual feelings that swelled so
continuously inside me were almost out of control. You wouldn't believe me if I
told you "Johnny" was just continuously moist. Can you believe that?

And this is not a totally lustful thing, although surely lust is involved. I
long to do to Katherine all the things I have ever experienced and more, and all
at once. But patience, man, this is serious, very serious.



Katherine is indeed my prize. Not just a prized possession to do with what I
will, although she certainly seems to be that. She is also someone to love, to
cherish. My bond with her grows by the minute. I feel so totally a part of her
and want to hold on forever. My love for her grows by the second.

Her response...this lovely lady must have missed so much in her life. I can feel
her complete willingness to come to me, to be with me. This is an experience
that most women would long for, but also fear.  Katherine certainly seems to be
not only longing, but also so willing, even when the experience may be a little
frightening, as in the Jacuzzi this morning.

My Katherine, oh God, how good she is for me.

Katherine seems to have found the place she is meant to be. She seems so
content, so happy, and shows me the sort of adoration that never comes to most
men.

Such a gift.
------------------------------------------------------------------------




Katherine:

I began the second day of my new life curled in the arms of my Master, His hand
cupping my buttock as if to proclaim to the world His total possession of me. 
Already, even in the dim light of morning, I can feel the hard thrust of His
arousal digging into my belly and know that breakfast will be late.

Smiling, I think back on yesterday's fruit orgy.  How could something so
innocent become the object of such intense eroticism?  Will we repeat our
breakfast seduction this morning, I wonder...or will the Captain have other
plans?

He is a puzzle to me, my Captain.  One moment He sparks a flame in me that
threatens to consume both body and soul... and the next, He touches and nurtures
until the very angels could weep over His tender mercies.  A living
paradox...and I am His.  I've been blessed beyond comprehension.

I feel Him begin to stir as the first rays of morning penetrate the blinds and
kiss His eyelids.  I lift my hand, shading Him from the forces of nature, my
eyes exploring the unclothed landscape before me.

He exudes masculinity, my Captain, His body calling out for the touch of my
hand...but I must resist.  I kept Him awake much too long last night.  I mustn't
be selfish.  He needs His rest.

And yet...

My hand moves as though drawn to His sleeping form, His body, so peaceful in
repose, now open to my intimate inspection.

A finger...just one.  Would that be so bad?  I'll be gentle...let Him sleep. 
He'll never know how silly I am...

I begin with His face, now muted with the shade of my hand, His lips full and
inviting...nested in a sea of morning stubble.  I swallow, my own lips longing
for the soft contact of His.  Oh...how spoiled I've become in so short a time!

My inspection continues.

But what's that?  On His shoulder...is that a tattoo?  How could I have missed
that yesterday?  Was my mind so preoccupied that I could have overlooked it so
completely?

Yes...it was.  I blush.

I must touch it...I must.  Slowly my finger descends, tracing the curved pattern
as I feel the warmth of His body seep through my fingertip.  I have visions of
Him now in some exotic place...tiny needles piercing His flesh as the design
comes to life.  It speaks to me in muted whispers...a tale of long ago...a piece
of Him...and now a piece of me.  Someday I must ask Him...

I continue...downward...downward until my vision is filled with the burgeoning
jut of His sex, straining passively with an early morning arousal.  Even now it
amazes me that something so massive could be so completely engulfed by my own
diminutive body.  Nature is indeed a puzzle.  Will I ever understand it?  Will
my Captain teach me all the mysteries that life has denied me?  I know without
hesitation that the answer is yes...and it fills me with a sense of fulfillment
unsurpassed in my young lifetime.

I lick my fingertip now, running it gently across the smooth surface of His
knob.  It moved! I'm amazed, I thought he was asleep!  I look upward, scanning
for signs of wakefulness, but no.  He still sleeps.  Puzzled, I touch
again...and again I feel His shaft jerk quickly away from my fingertip.

Amazing!

Emboldened, I lick both my thumb and forefinger and attempt to hold Him
fast...curiosity overcoming caution as I delicately manipulate His foreskin.  I
lick my lips once again, the scent of His body drawing me closer...closer...

"I'm going to teach you something, Katherine, " he says, His voice causing me to
jump in surprise.  What must he think of me, I wonder.  Will he be angry?  Will
he want me gone?

Slowly he rises and takes a seat in the leather chair beside the bed, His sex
hard and exposed... His expression heated and hungry.

"I want you here, Katherine...between my knees...on the floor."

I pause but a heartbeat.  He wants me...He wants me!  My lessons continue. 
Quickly I take my position, paying careful attention to His every direction, my
flesh prickling in anticipation.

"I'm going to teach you how to please me, Katherine.  You're obviously ready,"
He smiles. "So you want to taste me. Eh?  I like that, but let me teach you the
proper way to go about it.  If I train you right from the start, there won't be
any need to break you of bad habits later, Little One.  Are you listening
carefully?"

I nod, eager to please Him, to become what He wants me to be...all that he
desires.

"Good," he smiles.  "I want you to place your lips around the
foreskin...here...tightly, then slide it back with your mouth as I enter you." 
He strokes my cheek, His touch reassuring me, relaxing me.  "Then," he
continues, "I'm going to guide your head between my legs and tell you what to do
next.  Do you understand?"

Mutely I nod, my eyes feasting on His engorged member, my lips wet with desire. 
Then, firmly I take His sex into my mouth and fasten upon His foreskin...sliding
it back as His hardened flesh penetrates my yearning cavern.

Wonderful!

His taste...incredible!  I begin to probe the tiny eye at the tip of His knob
with my tongue, swirling it around the head
as my Captain sifts His fingers through my long, unbound hair.  Suddenly He
grasps it...tightly...and begins to thrust deeper into my mouth.  I'm startled
at first...so much...so much!  And then He begins to speak, His voice filling my
consciousness...easing my panic.

"Relax, Katherine," He begins.  "Let yourself go.  Just let it slide in and
out...filling you...probing that warm, wet mouth of yours."

He's pumping harder now, His penis battering the back of my throat as he grips
my hair tighter and tighter...pulling me roughly toward Him...pounding
relentlessly.

"And now, Little One, I want you to do something for me," He directs, His voice
ragged and uneven.  "I want you to relax your throat muscles...let them open
wide and inviting.  I'm going to teach you how to drive a man wild with
desire...how to take him deep into your throat...all the way in, Katherine.  Are
you ready?"

Again I nod, but this time my eyes give me away.  What if I can't...what if I
can't?

Silently then, deep in concentration, my Captain tips my head back, stroking my
throat and continues to thrust... deeper this time, more demandingly until
finally my face is pressed up against His pubic hair...my chin against His
balls.  I begin to gag, but He strokes my throat once more and continues to pump
with singular determination.

"I'm going to come in your throat, Katherine," He rasps, leading me yet a step
further.  "And I want you to swallow what I give you...all of it.  Do you
understand?" He asks.

Again I nod, my throat too full to respond properly, and He groans in
satisfaction.

Amazed, I feel Him intensify His efforts...plunging now deep into my
throat...His cock hard and massive as it plunders me...and then I taste Him.  He
floods across my tongue, down my throat as I attempt to swallow His salty
offering.  He moans and crushes me to Him, my breathing halted by His
overwhelming presence in my throat, and yet I continue to swallow.

Finally, licking the last of His seed from His member I look upward for my
reward...and find it.  He seems amazed that it went so well, but how could it
not?  My Captain is a teacher without peer, and I am His avid pupil.  Is success
not the inevitable product?

Smiling again, He draws me up into His lap and holds me against the rapid
beating of His heart.  I luxuriate in the warmth of His approval, snuggling
against His chest as though tomorrow will be forever distant from us.

"I'm going to play a little game with you today, Katherine," He begins, His
voice a low rumble in His chest.  "I want you to dress now...something loose,
and leave off the bra and panties.  We're going out."

I'm confused, but I obey, and soon I stand before Him clad in a short, light
sundress, my sex and breasts unfettered, my feet bound in white open-toed
sandals.

He examines me with approval, His hand searching beneath my skirt to be sure
I've followed His instructions precisely.

He nods, His eyes dark and intense, then leads me down the beach to the crest of
a hill about a thousand yards away, and there we stop.

"Now, Katherine.  This is what I want you to do," he directs.  "When I tell you
to run, I want you to sprint towards the beach as though all hell was after you. 
I'll be right behind you...chasing you...trying to catch you, and when I do I'm
going to pretend to rape you."

It's my turn to smile now.  How can He forcibly take that which I offer to Him
willingly?  It isn't possible!

He scowls.  "Take this seriously, Katherine.  Wrap your mind around it...I mean
it.  I'm going to rape you.  Hard.  I'm going to hurt you, and I want you to
fight back...to struggle.  Are you following?"

My smile vanishes, but not my excitement.  I'm aroused!  Incredible!  The
thought of my Captain brutally forcing Himself upon me causes a gnawing wetness
to grow between my thighs...a trembling knot to form in the pit of my stomach. 
He's my Captain...my savior...or is He?

Quickly I turn and begin to race down the slope, my skirt sailing behind me, my
naked thighs flashing in the sunlight.  My heart is pounding, my breath coming
in ragged gasps.  Is He near...is He...

Then he tackles me to the ground and I fall among the sea oats, my skirt
bunching above my waist.  I look into His eyes, and see something
new...something different.  He's no longer the nurturing man who saved me from
my suicidal leap.  Instead, this beast has taken His place...this brute who
tears at my clothes and yanks my hair.  I must fight back...I must!

Struggling I scream, but my voice is lost in the solitude, drowned by the sound
of the sea and gulls.  Deftly I kick, my knee seeking the one place that I know
will immobilize this fiend, but he's too quick for me...much too quick, and he
forces me into submission.  Nails unsheathed, I attempt to claw at his hands,
his face, but again I am thwarted as his fist closes around my wrists, pinning
them together above my head.  I'm held fast...he's won, and yet my instincts
scream at me to continue.

Quickly he makes short work of my sundress, reaching into the bodice and tearing
it from cleavage to hemline, exposing me to his blackened gaze.  He grabs my
breasts, pinching hard...harder until tears begin to form in my eyes and I
succumb to his power over me.  It's then, and only then that he reaps the spoils
of our skirmish, driving himself roughly between my thighs...battering deep
inside of me as I writhe beneath him.

Again I struggle, the brutality of his thrusts eliciting moans of sweet sensual
pain throughout my body.  How can something that hurts so much be the cause of
so much pleasure I wonder distantly.  But there's no time now to ponder that
answer...no time...for now he flips me on my stomach, my tear-streaked face
pressed against the sand, my left arm twisted behind me as he once again parts
my thighs and thrusts his hand into my dripping slit.

I'm wet...so wet, and I know it.  It shames me.  How can I want this so much? 
How?

Quickly my assailant lubricates the tight bud between my nether cheeks with my
own slippery wetness, lifting my hips with his free hand, and then without
further preamble he thrusts himself full-length into my tortured ring of muscle.

I scream...my voice rising above the wind...sea birds taking wing in panic.  But
there is no one to hear...no one.
Again and again he brutalizes me, my heated juices running profusely down my
trembling thighs.  It's too much...too much, I cry...and yet is it?  My body
feels like it's being torn apart, rent from stem to stern, and yet I dread the
moment when I know it will all cease, and I will once again be free of the hands
that force my submission.

Finally, he gives one last massive thrust and forces me to the sand, my very
flesh a quivering mass beneath him as I  tremble, gasping for air, his body
close and heavy upon me.

"You've done well, Little One," He whispers into my ear...my gentle lover once
more.  "You've pleased me more than I can say.  Now, how in the world am I going
to get you back to the beach house like this?"

All around us lay the shreds of my sundress, my only covering, useless now and
only fit for the ragbag.

"You could lend me your shirt," I suggest, knowing that on my body it will
probably be longer than even my sundress was.  He nods in approval, and peels it
from His body.  Quickly I slip into its warmth, the scent of His maleness
filling me with peace and serenity.

I'm happy.

So Happy.

I hope this never ends...
------------------------------------------------------------------------




From the Journal of Captain Dee:

How could a woman so young, so new to the pleasures of sex know so much? Her
ability to pick exactly the right moment to move, to touch, to respond.  Her
sense of timing is magnificent.

Every man knows those times when he is lying back,
being given wonderful oral sex, and just when he wants it to continue, it slows. 
Just when he wants or needs it rough it becomes tender.  Just when he needs a
squeeze the hand moves somewhere else. You reach a point when your balls are
bursting, you know you are about to explode, and you lose it. Its made doubly
bad because it then invariably takes quite a lot to get back to that peak, and
the woman, having sensed your previous tension backs off a little.

Katherine knows. Somehow she knows.

That was the first time we had had full oral sex, and it was as good as I could
ever expect it to be.

Everyone experienced in sex knows how important a degree of pain can be. 
Picking the level to which you go is something you can only do with experience.
Normally it takes time to learn the level you can respond to without your body
losing the urge to continue on a sexual high.

The feeling of power I have when I am able to dominate as is happening with
Katherine, enhances the feelings of passion to the enth degree. Giving pain is
satisfying even if it goes no further than gripping tightly with your fingers or
having a woman dig into your back, especially at the height of climax.

We also have this ability to sexually enjoy pain at its most severe level. Why
is that? The animal instinct in us that requires us to overpower, to dominate in
order to ensure we have our way?

I love giving pain as a means of enhancing my sexual satisfaction. Katherine
seems to be able to happily and readily accept that. The look of fear mixed with
pain on her face as I held her to the ground, her face covered in sand, was so
sexually pleasing to me I just cannot describe it. And yet the look of longing
and desire on her face as I lifted her to her feet was equally satisfying, and
indicated quite clearly she was wanting to do nothing else but please me.

Katherine was ready for whatever was to come.
------------------------------------------------------------------------




Katherine:

The morning of our fifth day dawns like a glorious flame in the sky, its scarlet
imprint heralding a change in the wind.

Today is "special", if that can be considered an operative word any longer.  For
now every day is special, each new sunrise opening yet another door...a new page
in my wonderful rebirth.  But somehow I know that something important is about
to happen this time...something He is unsure about...a step he hesitates to
take.

My mind wanders to the many mysteries of this room... the strangely curious
objects in the drawer, the finely crafted whips that hang in the closet, the
oddly shaped bench that dominates the room.  I've wanted to ask about these
things so many times, but each time I stilled my tongue and waited.  They were
His, as I was, and I was sure that at the appropriate time all would be made
known to me.  It was not mine to question.

My life has changed so much in the past five days.  I have insights into my own
psyche that I never dreamed of.  A whole different person exists there, one that
would have died unborn if my Captain had not pulled me from the freezing water
that fateful night.  The old Katherine was insecure, terrified of life and her
tentative place in it.  But this new Katherine, the Captain's "Little One", sees
life as a banquet...a glorious feast to be consumed with gusto...savored over
and over...sniffed, touched, rolled around on the tongue until it is swallowed
with a pleasure that the old Katherine could have never imagined.

I owe all of this and more to my Captain, and I wake each day with my spirit
eager to become one with Him again, to experience the passionate pleasures of
the world to which He's allowed me access.

Again I feel the titillation in the air. Something is coming... I can sense
it...but what?  I open my eyes to find the Captain staring down upon me, His
countenance stern, His hand hovering above the pale flesh of my breast.

Immediately I lean towards Him, my hand seeking His sex, my tongue licking the
stubble beneath His chin...tasting His pulse.  This morning, for the first time,
he remains motionless.  This is serious.  What have I done?  How can I make
amends?

Slowly he reaches for my hand, stilling my ministrations, holding me fast.

"Katherine," He begins, His breath warm upon my neck.  "Today we take another
step...a stride, but I need to talk with you first."

He pauses.

"You've meant so much to me...become so much, I have to ask you about something. 
When we've...enjoyed each other... I've hurt you, haven't I?"

I fall silent.  How do I answer that?  The pain that would have been so
unspeakable to the old Katherine was now life's blood to me.  What if He
stopped...took it away from me...how could I exist!  But, I respond, and
truthfully.  I must.  He's my Captain.

Frightened tears form in the corners of my eyes, and I nod.  What will happen
now?  How will He respond?  Frantically I take His hand and thrust it roughly
between my thighs, pleading silently for Him to take what is now and forever
His.

Absently His finger penetrates me, but His heart isn't in it.  He has other
things on his mind, more important things than my meager offering.  I cringe
inside.

He continues to speak.

"When I've hurt you, Katherine, you haven't complained.  Why?  I need to know."

His eyes bore into me now, peering into my soul, searching for the truth. 
Shaking, I lick His nipple, taking it into my mouth as I try to divert His
attention onto another topic... but He will not be dissuaded.

I sigh.  "I...I was afraid you'd stop," I reply simply, "...afraid that you'd
take it away from me.  I couldn't bear that.  I couldn't."

He smiles now, his hand crossing my trembling belly to gently squeeze my left
nipple.  "Are you telling me that you've come to enjoy it, Little One?" he
whispers, pinching my straining bud between his thumb and index finger, watching
my eyes as I wince at His intensely provocative response.

I shiver with delight, the warm erotic pain surging through me once again.  I am
whole once more...I live...I live...

"Yes," I whisper, my voice hoarse with unspent passion.  "I breath it in like
clear, sweet air... I taste it on my tongue...it fills my dreams...my life.  The
things that You do to me, the things that we share...You won't stop, will you?"
I ask, trembling as His fingers send another shooting pain through my nipple and
deep into my belly.

He smiles.  Apparently I have answered Him well.  He seems satisfied, and so I
relax my posture a little and breathe a sigh of relief. 

"Let's start with a shower, Katherine.  I'm going to let you bathe
me...completely.  Show me what you've learned, Little One, make my body hum, and
then we'll begin something new and exciting this morning.  Are you ready?"

Eagerly I nod, moving quickly toward the bathroom and turning the handles in the
opulent shower full blast until the steam rises and the mirror above the sink
begins to fog.  Then, thrusting my hand inside I test the water, adjusting a
little here...a little there until all is perfection for the Captain to enjoy.

I step inside and await his presence, the heated water sluicing over my breasts,
down my body, wetting the thatch between my thighs.  I have not long to wait,
for a few brief seconds later He too enters the well-appointed cubicle and turns
to face me.

"Feel free to touch me wherever you want, Katherine.  Do a good job, and you'll
be rewarded," He directs, his eyes dark with intent. 

Then, discarding the wash cloth in favor of my bare hands, I begin to lather his
body.  I begin first with His chest, coating His nipples with a thick coat of
lather as I work the soap into bubbled frenzy between my palms.  I move closer,
my body pressed to His as I reach behind to lather His back.  He closes his
eyes, His Adam's apple working slowly in step with the motion of my hands.

Then lower.

My hands now circle his hips, stroking his buttocks, pressing my soapy digits
deep into the crevice of his rounded posterior.

He groans softly, His hands wiping the wet, heavy, strands of my hair from my
face as the spray pounds down upon us from above.  Now it's my turn to close my
eyes, luxuriating in His tender touch, His caring presence.

Slowly I slide to my knees before Him, filling my hands with a rich layer of
creamy lather and beginning to massage His sex with the sweet clean smell of
Irish Spring.  He shivers.  His hands reach for my hair once again, but this
time to hold me...to use me as support for his failing stamina.  I tip my head
back...far back and feel the warm water stream over my face and down my body,
dripping from the tips of my nipples in sensuous abandon.

He places his hands on my shoulders now, pressing me back to allow the spray to
rinse the soap from His slippery form.  He begins to speak, but then I suddenly
remember something He once said about the erotic innocence of an unshaven
mound...the pristine beauty of a woman's sex when it is bared before the eyes of
her lover.  And so I reach to the left and grasp His safety razor from the
shower caddy, my unspoken request for permission clearly poised between us.

He raises His eyebrows.  Have I surprised Him?  I hadn't thought that possible! 
And yet, there it is, a look of puzzlement on His features...and something else. 
His hand flexes at his side as though following His very thoughts, and He
silently reaches for me, taking the razor from my grasp.

"Sit on the floor, Katherine...in the corner...and open your legs for me. 
Wide...wider," He directs as I part my thighs to accommodate His intent.  Then
He kneels, soap in hand and begins to lather the curly auburn thatch that hides
my sex from his view.  I feel myself becoming aroused, wet beyond anything the
shower could possibly be accountable for, and I lean my head back with a soft
moan, my eyes pressed tightly shut.

He pauses until I open my eyes once gain.  He wants me to watch!  I
quiver...trembling at the thought.  How erotic!  A tiny whimper escapes my
throat, my eyes following his every move as he begins to scrape the protective
covering from my sex.  The blade...so sharp, slides with a soft whisper across
my flesh...first down one side of my mound, and then down the other until what
remains resembles an arrow pointing the way into the very core of my sexuality.

I'm shaking now, my body screaming for so much more...and then He continues. Now
He takes the fingers of his left hand and slips them deftly into my quaking
slit, stretching my labia until his objective is clear, and my remaining pubic
hair is offered without restriction.  I feel Him move, both inside and out as He
bends to his task once more, His eyes bright with concentration, His erect
manhood pointing unerringly at the object of His ministrations.  He shifts,
changing hands...His knuckles sliding gently against my clit as he completes His
"chore".  I choke back a strangled cry.

[Please...oh please!] I beg, but the words remain frozen in my mind.  How long
can I endure this, I wonder...how long?

And then He's finished.

He rises before me, His member fully erect now, His fingers caressing the handle
of the razor.

"Take my cock into your mouth, Katherine.  Love it...but don't make me cum.  I'm
saving it...for later."  And then He presses forward, thrusting between my lips
as I hungrily suck Him deep into my throat.  Mutely, He curls a fist deep into
the dripping strands of my long, wet hair, crushing me to Him as He receives my
desperate offering.  I intensify my efforts, my hunger driving me to passionate
frenzy, but He will have none of it.

"Enough, Katherine.  I said I didn't want to cum...not yet.  Let's dry off and
take this a step further," He says, stepping out into the brightly tiled
bathroom.  He hands me a towel, then smiles as I watch Him blot the moisture
from his body.  When did I become such a wanton creature, I wonder, my lips dry
as I watch His every move.  When did the male physique become something to crave
instead of shun?  Curious.  I have no answer, but I know it was here...and with
Him.

Slowly He drops His towel, and invites my lips once more.  Is this what He means
by "saving it" I wonder?  Am I to help Him build his "deposit"?  For what
purpose?  My mind reels as I again feel Him moving against my tongue... and then
He withdraws.

Then, lifting my naked body in his arms, He carries me back to His bed and lays
me amid the rumpled sheets once more.  He parts my thighs and examines my newly
bared sex with His eyes...His fingers, the heated satisfaction radiating from
Him in scalding waves.

"I have to taste this before we go on," He murmurs, burying his face between my
legs.  I gasp as His tongue touches me...my newly bared flesh...so vulnerable
and exposed.  My juices flow freely from my naked slit, and He laps eagerly, His
tongue probing, teasing until I'm fairly in tears with frustration.

I whimper softly, and He withdraws, his shaft hard beyond belief now...jutting
hugely from the juncture of His thighs as He once again presses it to my lips.

Frantic, I begin to suck with a determination yet unknown to me.  His lips curl
up at the edges, clearing His throat as He tightly girdles the base of His
member with his fingers to avoid spilling His seed prematurely.

"Katherine." He begins, His scrotum hard and boiling with the product of my
efforts.  "When I tell you to do so, I want you to move over to that oddly
shaped bench over there.  I want you to rest your chest on the upper level, and
kneel on the lower portion so that your buttocks are exposed and open to me.
We're going to try something new today...but first I need to give you a 'safe
word."

Now I'm confused.  A "safe word"?  What's that?  Why would I need one?  Goose
flesh begins to rise, and my nipples harden.  So this is what my premonition was
about!

"Your safe word is 'shelter', Katherine, like a ship seeking safe harbor.  It's
the word you'll use if our interaction becomes more than you can bear, more than
your body and mind can stand.  Nothing else will halt me.  Do you understand? 
Not your tears, not your screams, not the most heartfelt pleading will do.  This
word is your salvation. It tells me to go no further...that my beloved 'Little
One' has reached her limit...and I'll stop immediately.  Say it Katherine.  I
need to know that you understand."

I nod, parting my lips and attempting to force the "word" into the light of day. 
"Shelter," I repeat, the sound throbbing against my eardrums.  "Shelter".

He nods, satisfied, then indicates with a turn of His head that I am to proceed
to the Bench now and assume the position to which He has assigned me.

This Bench is a curious affair, one that has occupied my imagination since my
first day in the house on the beach.  It's shaped like a weightlifter's
bench...but in two levels. The lower and longer of the two is about knee
high...padded in black leather with rings attached to the sides for purposes one
can only guess.  The second level rises like a single, narrow stair to the rear,
at right angles to the first and occupying the spot where a barbell would rest
on a normal workout bench, but slightly lower and boasting an additional set of
metal rings firmly embedded into its metal framework.

Slowly I assess the situation, then kneeling on the lower portion I rest my rib
cage atop the upper stair so that my breasts are fully exposed and dangling
freely in the open space beyond, vulnerable in the extreme.

And then I wait.

I have not long to pause, for soon my Captain joins me, a fistful of leather
objects clutched firmly in his hands.  The first is a handcuff, stitched of
stout leather...wide... substantial, its lanyards and metal fastenings gleaming
in the dim light of the room.  This He attaches to my right wrist, then its
companion, a twin, to my left.  He tugs, a satisfied murmur escaping His lips,
then twists my arms behind me.  I hear a soft, metallic 'click", and at once
find my wrists immobilized, bound one to the other against the small of my back. 
I gasp.  For the first time I begin to wonder what fate awaits me.

He pauses, cupping my dangling breasts, milking the nipples with his fingertips
as he surveys my body.  His shaft is so huge now...so enormous.  Again I feel
the rush of fluid between my legs, so hot, so wet.  How can I continue?  How?

My mind probes my "safe" word...rolling it around, clasping it to me as my
Captain continues His preparations.  Next, He takes something akin to a large
dogs collar and fastens it about my throat, cinching it snugly so as to allow no
free play, but not tight enough to strangle.  To this He attaches a short leash,
its stout cord passing roughly between my vulnerable breasts as it makes its way
toward the anchoring ring below.

Again I am held fast.  My mobility vanishing with each passing moment.  It's
then that my Captain turns His attention to my nether portions, attaching
leather cuffs here as well and binding my ankles to either side of the
bench...forcing my legs apart as I feel the wetness slide between my trembling
thighs.  I'm terrified...I'm excited...I'm so incredibly aroused.  What is to
become of me...what?

I flush.  So humiliating!  But wait...there's more!

Now my Captain resumes His place at the upper portion of the bench, lifting my
head by my dangling hair and once again probing my lips with his hugely engorged
sex.  "My balls are so hard, Katherine...so full," He groans, thrusting once
more into my throat.  "I'm going to come soon, but first I want to tell you
what's going to happen."

"This is a riding crop," he says, holding up a short switch with a leather loop
attached to the end.  "I think you know the original purpose.  And this," he
says, indicating a whip of similar length, but boasting what must be hundreds of
long, fine, flexible strands, "...is a Hellcat.  I'm going to give you your
choice of one of these, Katherine...then whip you until you scream...until you
beg." (He thrusts again... deeper now.)  "Then I'm going to bury myself in that
tight little arse of yours, pulling out at the last second and cover your welts
with my cum."

My eyes widen, my mind caressing the "word" once again.  Will I need it?  Can I
bear my fate, or will I succumb to my own fears and call a halt before my
Captain and I have reached fruition?  I must be brave...I must.  Already my body
craves what is to come, and as I eschew the crop in favor of the Hellcat I
know...I will prevail.

He nods, satisfied in my choice, then circles to the rear dragging the finely
braided filaments down the length of my shivering spine.

I whimper.

And then He strikes!  Hard!  My right buttock jerks, cringing under His attack
and I cry out in pain.  Again I hear the hellcat sing in the quiet of our
chamber as it bites into my left buttock.  Surely this must be the worst of
it...surely!  But again my hopes, my fears are dashed.  This time the whip
caresses my back, tangling around my fingers, now woven in a tight knot as each
blow descends.

Finally, and with great deliberation my Captain delivers an uppercut that lashes
against my newly bared sex, the whip coming away coated in the creamy froth that
now runs so freely down the insides of my thighs. 

I scream as I feel it bite into my tender flesh, penetrating my lips, punishing
my engorged clit with its hellacious torment.

My Captain licks softly against my reddened flesh, my screams inciting Him to
greater heights as He swings the Hellcat left...right...up and down.  I am
beside myself now, my cries blending one into the other until there appears to
be no beginning and no end.  The pain...the pain...the glorious pain brings the
rich taste of life to my lips with each utterance.  My arousal has never been so
complete...so desperate.

Now my Captain anoints the whip with aromatic oils, increasing its intensity
tenfold until I'm sure my orgasm will render me a helpless puddle of weeping joy
at His feet. 

It's then He pauses, but only minutely, and forcing His hand between my
trembling thighs, he lubricates the handle of the Hellcat with my juices and
plunges it into my gaping, weeping sex with one powerful thrust of His arm.

I scream, loud and long...my throat filling with the taste of my own blood as I
bit into my lower lip...my body thrashing uncontrollably against my restraints
as my orgasm drives me past the point of sanity.

He thrusts repeatedly, the sounds of my cries inciting Him beyond endurance. 
Then He throws the Hellcat aside, and with a single massive jut of His hips He
hilts himself deep inside my anus.  My screams are inseparable now, rising
continually with each movement of his body, mindless in their intensity as He
plunders my narrow passage again and again with his outrageously swollen organ.

He growls, low and feral as his time nears and His thrusts become more frantic. 
His hands are everywhere, abrading my flesh, pinching my clit as He holds me in
place to receive Him.  I'm beyond reason...beyond control... rocked to the core
by the shattering waves of heat that consume me.

Finally, unable to contain his massive load another second, He pulls out of my
body and I feel his hot, heavy cum flood over my back, caressing my reddened
flesh, running unchecked down my ribcage in mad rivulets as He inundates me with
his seed.

Panting, I feel Him massage His cum into my trembling flesh, sliding His hands
ever so tenderly over my tortured body. He's gentle now, tamed by his passionate
release and mine. 

I sigh.

Limply, I rest my weight atop the upper step.  My mind is gone, my body refuses
to respond.  I am sated to the point of becoming comatose, and yet I'm
alive...so very alive.

My Captain senses my need, and is at once my attentive and nurturing lover once
more.  Gently He releases my bonds, then gathering me into His arms He carries
me into the shower again and tenderly washes the aftermath of our passion from
my body.

He is my lover...my Dom...my Captain.

Life has never been so rich.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




The Captain's Journal:

This little lady of mine is more than anyone could ever expect. Never
questioning, always seeming to enjoy, regardless of what I ask of her.

Imagine having your shower in the morning with every little thing done for you. 
And I mean everything.  Every nook and cranny lovingly caressed with soapy
fingers. God, what a way to go.

I have always wanted to shave a woman's crotch, always enjoyed the taste and
feel of a bare pussy.  My little prize sat opened legged in the corner of the
shower allowing me absolute free rein with the razor.  It was so crazy, so
erotic, and you could almost feel the sexual tension oozing from her body as I
did it. Her smiling all the while.

Today was the really big test. I love her so much, but I also long to hurt
her... to push the limits of sexual expression...to gain that satisfaction that
only comes from either giving or receiving pain. To mix love, lust and pain
together in one of the great unsung cocktails... a cocktail everyone should know
about.

The Hellcat is about as nasty as you can get when you use it with real force.
Her back and bottom were almost brilliant red when I had finished.  She screamed
out with every stroke, but accepted it graciously.

The lust I felt by having complete dominance, by having her so willing to
completely give herself to me, so submissive to me was almost overpowering. My
balls were aching for release but I wanted to allow myself to build the largest
orgasm I could possibly muster.

It came in torrents.

This little prize was now totally mine.  More things to teach, but totally mine.
Totally willing, totally longing and attentive. We will have such a life
together.
_______________________________________________




Katherine:

There is so much I want to tell my Captain, so much I want to share, but how? 
Our tender moments are so precious...so precious...much too dear to waste even a
second of on something as mundane as my insignificant mental meanderings.  And
our torrid sessions on the bench!  How could I compose my throbbing passion long
enough to focus on an isolated thought at times like those?  How?

And so I planned a picnic.

He looked a little puzzled when I suggested it.  This wasn't something we'd ever
discussed, but quickly enough He was slipping into His beachwear and sandals
while I loaded a basket with a tasty repast.  Soon, chilled champagne, pate,
crusty bread and warm runny brie lay waiting for our voyage to the shore.  Then,
smiling, I added a small basket of strawberries and began to dress myself as
well.

The day was beautiful.  All around us the air was filled with the cry of the
gulls, the soft murmur of the sea, and the haunting whisper of the breeze.  It
was perfect.  Perfect.

With a laugh He paused halfway down the beach, His eyes scanning our solitary
surroundings with a satisfied smile.  It was after Labor Day now, the small
twosomes that miraculously found this isolated stretch of sand had long since
returned to their workaday lives and left this paradise to us alone.

Suddenly the import of what I had to say struck me.  Perhaps it would be
unwelcome, this massive revelation of mine...a hair in the soup. 

The day became clouded with doubts.  What was I doing?  I could spoil it all. 
We'd never spoken of such things before...never assumed the overflowing
professions of love that so fill the intimate murmurings of more conventional
lovers.  Perhaps I should leave it unsaid...an unspoken truth understood but
undeclared between us.

But no.

I needed this.

I needed to tell Him that he'd saved more than my life on the bridge that night,
more than my physical being...He'd saved my soul as well.

I needed to tell Him that.

To say that my former existence at home had been hell would have been a
misdirection.  My Mother, herself a product of ill fate, had long since resigned
herself to her failed life.  She had nothing left to give...not to herself or to
me.  And so I'd become alienated, withdrawn, closing myself off to everyone...a
mouse trapped in an endless maze of empty circles until the day when I decided
to throw a few belongings into my pack and see if the world had anything better
to offer.

Finding work was more difficult than I'd imagined.  At first my meager savings
had been enough to fill my belly each day and to provide a shabby room from
which to shelter myself from the cold world beyond.  But soon that had dwindled
to nothing and I found myself on the streets.  In desperation, I placed a call
to my Mother, hoping that she might be able to rouse herself enough to care if I
came home, but that too fell short of the mark.  She was gone.  The phone had
been disconnected.  I was alone...truly alone.  At the age of 19, my life was a
worthless shell.

I panhandled for a while, usually making enough to pay for a bed in a transient
shelter, but then even that seemed to peter out and I was faced with the cold
reality of finding odd doorways and alleys to shield me from the chill spring
rains.

There had been men along the way.  Cold men with hard eyes and cash in hand.   I
had resisted, but it had been  tempting...so tempting...

And then one night, when I'd been chased out of my snug alcove by a more
persistent denizen of the streets, I hit rock bottom.  I hadn't eaten in days. 
My clothes were filthy, but it was the darkness of my soul that bore down upon
me the most.  There was nowhere to go, no light at the end of the tunnel. 
Without a bath and clothing...a home address and phone, the chances of improving
my lot in life were dismal.

Suddenly the cold cash of the streets, so readily offered, began to stand out in
the gloom.  What good was pride if your belly was empty?  What good was life
without hope?

And so, my heart hammering in my breast, I'd gone to a public restroom and
attempted to wash the dusty grime of the streets from my body.  Other women came
and went, proper women, each casting dubious stares in my direction, their
disgust almost palpable as I attempted to right the ravages of my life with a
few splashes of water. Finally, having made the best of what I had, I sat in a
bathroom stall and tried to calm my shaking limbs...to hold back the flood of
tears that threatened to wash away my resolve. 

And so I'd found myself a spot on the waterfront near a local bar, and tried to
hide the pale trembling of my hands deep in my pockets as a steady stream of men
made their way in and out of the lively establishment.  Finally two sailors
exited the bar, one a tall man, heavily muscled, and the other a cadaverously
raw boned type, with a slippery gleam in his eye. 

I cringed.

They were looking my way.  They knew what I was there for...they knew!  Slowly
the Cadaver approached me, his cold eyes assessing my worth as he came, his
thumb hooked arrogantly in the waistband of his uniform.

"Twenty bucks...for both of us," he added, his voice flat and unconcerned.  I
was just a piece of trash along the wharf, nothing more. "Take or leave it."

Then quietly he held the twenty-dollar bill within view and took my measure. 
He'd won, and he knew it.  The hunger in my eyes had given me away...I was no
match for him.

So, lowering my lashes, I'd followed the two men to a nearby motel room, my
steps faltering, my hands clinging to my dusty rags as though they could save me
from myself.  My eyes began to tear, my voice all but lost in the emotional
wasteland that had become my home as they closed the door behind us and began to
shed their clothing.

"Take it off, Bitch," Cadaver demanded.  "We don't have all day."  And with that
he tossed the last of his clothing on the dresser and took a place in a chair to
watch.

I turned away then, the sight of his erect member strange and threatening to me. 
Was this what I'd waited for all of my life...was it? 

"What is this, Bitch, some kind of con game?  I paid you," Cadaver snarled. "Now
get over here!"

Suddenly "Muscles " propelled me from behind, forcing me to my knees on the
floor between Cadaver's outspread thighs.  "Suck it, Bitch," the seated man
demanded.  Then wrenching my hair, he forced my lips down upon his long, thin
erection and began to rut deep into my mouth. 

I gagged, hot salty tears flooding down my cheeks as humiliation overcame me and
I tried to do what I knew I must, but no amount of preparation could have
readied me for this moment.  I had failed, even here, and suddenly I knew that I
couldn't go through with it.

"No," I whimpered, attempting to pull away, but it was too late.  Now "Muscles"
was kneeling behind me on the floor, his hands roughly shoving my skirt atop my
back, tearing at my cotton panties as his fingers groped between my legs,
forcing my buttocks apart.  Then, for a second he released me to open his fly,
and I saw my chance.  In a heartbeat I was on my feet and dashing for the door,
the twenty-dollar bill fluttering to the floor behind me.

My God...oh my God how I ran, until my breath tore at my throat in great heaving
gasps and I felt as though even the few sips of water I'd had that day would
come spewing from my lips.  Frantically I looked behind, but to my relief I
found no one following. 

I was alone.  Very alone.  Incredibly alone.

Suddenly I saw my life...the hunger, the fear, the cold rape of dignity and
flesh to which I'd exposed myself...and it no longer seemed to matter.  Nothing
did. 

Nothing.

Below me, beneath the cool splintered wood of the bridge, lay the calm, peaceful
waters of the bay, a pathway of stars swirling mirror-like on its
surface...calling to me...beckoning to me...promising me a better tomorrow. 
Just a step, a slow waltz over the edge and the darkness would embrace me
forever...no more hurt, desperation, hunger... the end to a sadly botched
attempt at life.

The perfect solution.

And so I'd climbed the railing. My blissful release at hand...and drifted into
the arms of fate.

I returned then from the replay of my lost and fractured existence, and found
myself once more with my Captain on the shore by His beachfront cottage.

Silently I look into the eyes of my lover, my mind once again embracing the
memory of how He'd given me life and hope that night...a reason to live.  Would
my emotional outpourings be manna to His ears, or would they throw the delicious
balance of our lives forever out of kilter?  Again I taste the metallic taint of
fear on my tongue.  Should I tell Him?  Can I?

Silently I gather my timorous control about me and began to speak.  My voice,
wavering and unsteady, seems to drown out the very sea in its magnitude...but I
continue.  I have to.

"Captain?" I murmur, laying my head against his thigh, a shiver making its way
along my spine.  "Do you remember when you...found...me?  When you saved me?"

He nodded, his eyes soft and wondering, his hand tenderly stroking my hair. 
"Yes." He replied.  "How could I forget?"

Pausing, I nuzzle his thigh.  "I'd reached a blank page that night...a darkness
that I couldn't bear to live in anymore...until I met you."

His hand stills now, spreading warmly against my back as if to say that I
needn't go on, but again I continue.

"Captain.  I have to tell you...to tell you what our time together has meant to
me...how much you've meant..." I looked upwards now, hoping against hope that I
will still find my reflection intact and undamaged in his eyes...and it is.

Emboldened, I continue, my torment seeking release through  my trembling lips. 
"I need to tell you that even though you saved my life that night...what you did
afterwards gave me a reason to live it again.  You've become my purpose for
existing...the reason I wake in the morning...take pleasure in even the most
seemingly trivial of life's delights...smile just for the pure joy of it.  I
love you, my Captain...I love you."

I stop now, the words pounding in my head, my heart.  Did He hear me...did He
want to?  Was I even now a burden on His mind, a lover who has turned into
something unspeakable?  I have to know...I have to.

Franticly I searched His eyes for the truth, but what I find does nothing to put
my mind to rest.  There, deep in the hazel mystery of His gaze I find only more
questions, more uneasiness to torture my insecurities. 

What is He thinking?  Have I destroyed it all...have I?  Like a house of cards I
feel my world shaking, tumbling around me.

What have I done?


________________________________________________




The Captain: 

You would think a man who had all the things I have would be content.

Katherine means so much to me it almost hurts. Pain and pleasure for the body I
understand, but for the mind?

She shows me so much love it's close to being adoration. She does for me with
such feeling that I am in constant heaven, always looking forward to getting
home to her and our next adventure.

The thing is I love her, more and more as each day passes. So deeply I just
cannot describe it. It just burns up inside me. Why can't I tell her, why can't
I relax enough to show her the depth of my love. She does to me.

Perhaps I'm taking too much from her. Perhaps I feel guilty. After all, how can
you explain hurting someone so much, and then profess to love.

There are things I still have to teach Katherine, more things to enjoy, more
things for me to take from her, but you know there are also things I love to do
that I would never do to Katherine. That may be a reflection of the love I have.

Another woman pleasing Katherine, for my pleasure...a man helping me to satisfy
her body. They are things I would just love to do, but not with Katherine. She
is too precious. She is my prize, and I want to keep that prize all to myself.
Selfish?  Maybe.  But there you are.

If we can just get past the learning, the experimenting, then I should feel
easier about it. Then our bond will be complete, and we can go on in our lives,
continuing to enjoy our sexuality, loving each other, her through her complete
giving, me through the wonderful feeling of having someone so completely.

The perfect relationship.
________________________________________________




Katherine:

It feels as though He's been gone forever.  I count the days by the heartbeat
until He returns, each one blending into the next, a torture in
microcosm...lonely, lost, unbearable.

A business trip, that's what He said.  He had to take care of business interests
in some far away city, and then He'd be home again, here, with me.  I shiver
with delight at the thought and once again stroke my fingers over my turgid
nipples in anticipation.  Tonight...tonight...

The time passes, the end to an endless wait, until finally the heavy-laden
minutes have crept away and I listen for His step on the pathway.  I've prepared
a special dinner for Him tonight, a sort of bouillabaisse made from seafood
bought on the wharf only this morning.  It sits in the crock pot simmering even
now as I stare from the window watching... watching.  It was a good choice, I
think.  The soup will keep until we're ready for it, until we've had our fill
elsewhere.

I've prepared for His homecoming in other ways as well.  Gone are the panties I
occasionally don in his absence, my mound clean-shaven, my breasts loose and
unfettered beneath the white satin shift He enjoys so much.  I smell of soap and
passion, my body in a perpetual state of pulsating need...and so I wait.  I
wait.

And then He arrives!  His step is firm and steady as He comes...His key clicks
in the lock...my heart, oh my heart!  Pounding.  Pounding!

He steps into the foyer, sniffing the air as he enters.  Is it the bouillabaisse
or me that He senses?  Perhaps both.  He has a gift for me!  Silk.  Lace.
Clinging and erotic.  His eyes warm my body, perhaps visualizing what His gift
will look like as it slides over my naked flesh.  Silently He holds the lavender
confection in His hand, His fingers caressing the thin spaghetti straps as He
tries to decide, and then He approaches.  The soup will have to wait, I think. 
Thank heavens!

Slowly He draws me to Him, the buttons of His topcoat pressing into the soft
flesh of my abdomen.  I slip my hands beneath it, the soft linen of His shirt
warm and intimate as it slides across my fingertips...then bury my face against
Him, inhaling his scent. 

His hands explore the contours of my back, stroking downward against my spine
until they come to rest on the curves of my buttocks.  He holds me tight, and I
can feel the rigid jut of His sex already hard and wanting beneath his clothes.

"I want to see you in this," He murmurs into my hair, the frothy piece on
lingerie dangling from his fingertips.  "Now."  Then, slowly raising the hem of
my shift He lifts it over my head and deposits it on the arm of a chair.

I feel a rush, sudden and complete between my thighs.  What if someone should
come to the door now?   What if...

He dips his head, tasting my nipples, drawing them deeply into His mouth as I
quiver before Him.  Then, raising my arms He slides the gift downward over my
trembling flesh, watching as my breasts press erotically against the thin fabric
in wet relief.

He slips out of his coat then and backs me against the chair, His look hungry
and determined.  "Have you missed me?  Are you ready for me?" He asks, His voice
a low rumble.  "Let me see."

I know what he wants, and my pulse quickens.  I have been naked before my
Captain so many times, and yet, every time He asks me to open myself to Him it
sends shivers of anticipation curling through my belly.

I lean back, legs widespread and raise the hem of my gift to expose the moist,
dewy petals of my sex.  He smiles.  I've pleased Him.  Slowly He runs His hand
over my freshly shaved mound, inserting His finger deep within me, testing my
readiness.

A fresh rush of moisture flows unbidden into His palm, and I moan aloud.  Oh! 
Please let Him want me...let Him want me...NOW!

And he does...

Gently He leads me upstairs to the bedroom, His steps solid and determined, His
hand circling my wrist as though anything on earth could possibly cause me to
part from Him.  Then, slipping off my recent finery, He seats me on the edge of
the bed and crosses to the dresser.  There, He removes the drawer of "toys" and
returns to my side.

"There are things in here we haven't tried, Katherine," He begins.  "Things I
enjoy.  Things you'll enjoy as well, once you get used to them.  I want you to
touch them, Katherine.  Hold them in your hands, think what they'd feel like on
your body.  Then, I want you to pick a few for me to use right now.  Do you
understand?" He asks, His hand sliding along my inner thigh.

Oh!  How can I make a choice?  I can hardly think.  His hand...His hand, but
choose I must.  It's what He wants...my Captain... and I have to obey.  Slowly I
sort through the various shapes and textures.  Rubber.  Steel.  Leather.  Each
warming in my hand as I slide my fingers over them, each eliciting a different
response from a different portion of my anatomy.  Finally I decide.

His eyes glow heatedly as I lay a large battery operated dildo with a g-spot
stimulator on the silk coverlet.  He approves.  Good.  To this I add a butt plug
of thick, heavy silver, a faux gemstone almost comically embedded in the
"handle".  Will He use it, I wonder, or will He want a more personal approach? 
"Leave it," He smiles.  "I'll work it out."

I shiver.  He will.  I have no doubt of that.

The last objects have always frightened me a bit.  Long-handled and tong-like,
metallic with rubber-coated tips, they taunt me from their place in the drawer. 
Am I ready for this, I wonder...am I?  Before I can think further upon it my
hand closes about them and I drop them onto the bed along with the rest.

The Captain's eyes looked startled now.  Is He surprised?  Yes, I think so.  But
I know this is something He wants, something He would never ask me to do...but
there it is.  Done.  I hope I won't regret it.

He rises, and returns the drawer to its place, then turning He bids me to lie
back on the bed and open wide my legs.  Again His eyes take in the slow dribble
of fluid that seeps from my churning sex, and He nods in approval.  His hand
probes between my lips once more and He licks his finger in satisfaction.

Slowly He removes his clothing and displays His arousal to me, so hard, so
prominent, and I lick my lips in anticipation.  If He doesn't do something soon
I'll go out of my mind, I think.  I raise my hand to touch...to caress but again
He holds me fast. 

This time He kneels above me, his shaft pressing intrusively between my breasts,
and raises my hands above my head.  I feel a strip of cloth, soft and silken,
twine about my wrists as it anchors me to the headboard.  I hadn't realized I
was to be bound tonight.  This passionate restraint, is it for His pleasure or
mine?  Both, I think.

My nipples are hard now, painfully so as they seek His touch in the stillness of
the room.  It's then that He reaches into his pants pocket on the floor and
brings back two small pots that He's held there in secret.  Another surprise I
wonder?  Smiling, He places one on the nightstand then unscrews the lid from the
second.  The contents of this tiny pot are red, I notice...a deep rose to be
exact.

Instinctively I tug at my restraints, helpless to deny Him anything...and He
waits.  Finally my struggles cease and He scans my body in much the same way a
painter would visualize his canvas I imagine.  He nods, then carefully dipping
He anoints his finger with the rouge inside and reaches for my left nipple.

I feel His touch even before he makes contact, my body arching to meet him, my
eyes tight shut awaiting the slow burn of His flesh on mine.  And then He's
there...circling... massaging the rouge into my left aureole, pinching my nipple
between thumb and forefinger as He highlights it's rigid peak in the deep, dark
shade of lust.

I want more, so much more.  "Please," I beg, my voice coming in harsh whimpers
now.  It's not make-up I want, not make-up that will satisfy the pounding need
that throbs between my thighs.  He's only making it worse!  Why doesn't He stop? 
Why doesn't He slide his magnificent cock between my legs and make up for all
the moments we've been apart.  Why doesn't He take me?  Hard.  Fast.  Now!

"Hold still!" He orders, his tone brooking no disobedience.  "And leave your
legs open."

And then I know.  This is no accident, no miscalculation.  He's doing it
deliberately.  That's why He tied my wrists!  He wants to hear me beg...to
squirm beneath His hand.  He wants to see me gush in frustration until I am
beyond myself with need.  This is torture of a new kind, a more insidious
variety. Oh!  How I long for the Hellcat now!  Again I whimper, my voice soft
and mewling, my body tense with unspent frustration.

[Please...please...get on with it!]

Delicately he anoints my other nipple, then pauses to inspect his handiwork. 
Again He nods, and taking a tissue He kneels between my legs and begins to lap
at my juices.  I moan...thrusting against him...so close...so close, but at the
last moment He withdraws and waits until my mad rush subsides before proceeding
once more.  This time He takes the tissue and wipes his saliva from my labia,
dabbing... dabbing until I'm ready to scream.  Then. slipping a finger inside He
holds the "lips" rigidly outward and begins to apply the rouge to these
hungering extremities as well, His knuckle lightly grazing my quivering clit.

[Oh please...don't stop...don't...]

My moans are incoherent now, and my struggles have intensified tenfold.  Oh! If
He doesn't stop soon I'll die!  I can't stand any more...I can't!  But He's not
through yet, not yet.  How can this be?

This time he takes the second pot and a small paintbrush from the nightstand and
holds them beneath my nose.  He pops the lid.  A powder.  Honey? No!  This isn't
what I want, not what I want at all.  What I crave...what I NEED isn't in any
pot!  Frantically I press my legs together, hoping to gain that last little bit
of stimulation I require to carry me over the top...but I can't.  I hover on the
brink while He moves the brush slowly over my body, dabbing my nipples, my
underarms, my sex with the sweet smell of honey.

He glances at my legs, so frantically pressed one to the other.  "I said to
leave them open, Katherine," He says evenly, enjoying my desperation.  "I'll
wait."

"No!" I fairly scream.  Then opening my legs wide...wider I beg him to continue,
plead for even the touch of the brush once more.  Anything.  ANYTHING!

Finally, He sets his tools aside and lays atop my shaking body.  He parts His
lips, His tongue extends, and delicately, so delicately He begins to lap the
sweet honey from my nipples. Moaning now, I grind my hips against Him, His
arousal digging into my belly...so close...so close.  If I could just twist my
body a little bit...a little bit more...but He knows what He's doing, what I'm
doing, and keeps just out of reach.

Now he presses my breasts together, crushing my tender nipples one against the
other as He takes them both into the warm, wet cavern of his mouth.  Nibbling. 
Sucking. Lapping until the powder is gone and the rose-colored stain is smeared
across His cheek.  I want to laugh, but I can't.  I haven't the breath.  I know
where He's going next...I know.
Just the thought causes me to gush once more, the hot, slippery fluid flowing
unchecked between my legs, downward along the crack of my buttocks, wetting the
bed, the sheets in its passage.

And then He kneels between my thighs once more, nuzzling between them, His
fingers pinching my "lips" together as He licks the color and sweetness from the
edges.  I grind my hips into His face, my voice gone now, beyond the relative
ease of verbal interaction.

Then...finally... like the wings of a butterfly He parts my labia with his
tongue.

And that's all I need.

Screaming, I feel my climax sweep over me, pounding deeply inside of me, my
nails raking my palms as I hyperventilate into the shattering din of the room. 
Over and over I come, one climax building on top of another until my flesh is so
sensitive that I can't bear to be touched again. 

But still He continues.

Now, He takes the butt plug and dips it into the flowing wellspring that once I
called my own.  He wets it, sliding his fingers over it almost lovingly, then
slowly inserts it into my anus.  It's so hard, so intrusive.  It stretches me
and tiny spasms of pain shoot through my belly.

And still he continues.

This time He takes the dildo in hand and rapidly inserts it, full thrust into my
vagina, its tiny curve maddeningly massaging the g-spot so carefully concealed
inside...He flips the switch sending its vibration deep into my sex, and I'm off
again.

"Hold still." He orders, moving from His position between my legs.  Now He rises
from the bed, releasing my hands, then reversing direction He lays atop my
shaking body. His head now bobs between my thighs, His knees caressing my face
as His shaft pounds against my eager lips.  I know how to please Him, finally. 
I know what He wants, but His lips...His teeth on my clit are driving me to the
brink once again.

I open my mouth to scream as once more my climax leaves me shattered and
incoherent, but it comes out a strangled cry as His shaft plunges deep into my
throat.  My lips convulse around His member, my nails clawing at His buttocks as
He sucks and nibbles at my tender flesh.  My blood boils, my teeth raking His
rigid sex as He thrusts again and again.

And then I hear a sound...a smack, and my insides leap in response.  The "toys"
so deeply buried, now come alive as He pounds against them repeatedly with His
hand, driving them inward, their rigid perimeters crashing against one another
deep in my body.

Smack!

Again I jump, and again He pounds between my thighs, driving His surrogates with
perverse enthusiasm as I moan fitfully around his member.

I'm drained now, sore and hoarse from my futile cries.  No more...no more.  I
have nothing left to give, and yet He stirs me again, sliding the dildo in and
out as I plead for mercy.

Finally, I feel Him stiffen between my lips, His load ready to burst in my
throat, and I begin to suck as though my life depends on it.  But it does no
good. 

He withdraws again, untying my hands and rolling onto His back.  Then, removing
the dildo He positions me above His face and orders me to stroke myself while he
fastens His lips against my gushing core.

[Shelter]

The word whirls against my brain, pleading to be released.  I can't...not again! 
My body is weak...depleted, and the Captain is insatiable.  Long days from our
bed have driven Him beyond endurance, and he will not rest until He has drained
me dry.  He eyes me questioningly, His tongue probing my slit as the butt plug
grinds deep inside.

Finally, to His satisfaction, my finger slides between my "lips" and I begin to
caress my clit.  At once I feel my fervor rise once more, spurred onward by His
voracious hunger and probing tongue.  Tears flood my cheeks, erotic overflow as
He drinks me in again, my cries muted now to hoarse rasps escaping like steam
from my tortured lungs.  Time has ceased to have any meaning as my latest climax
pounds through my body, providing the nourishment he so craves.

[Shelter!]

Dare I say it?  Can I?  He ceases his efforts now, as I slump limply against the
headboard.  But, can it be?  My Captain has yet to spill his seed, and once
again positions me to his liking on my hands and knees atop the coverlet.

It's now that the long, narrow metallic jaws are applied...tongs...steel shafted
and rubber tipped...one to each nipple as he positions himself behind me.  I
cringe, my cries refusing to come as He attaches them tightly, painfully to my
body.  Then, plunging his engorged shaft deep into my core he begins to pound
without mercy as I rock helplessly beneath him, my tortured nipples stretching
and struggling as He controls their torment from behind.  Suddenly I feel His
hands parting my buttocks, removing the butt plug, His thumbs penetrate my
enlarged anal opening, driving... driving...in preparation for the final blow.

"My turn now, Little One," He rasps, pulling free of my vagina and burying
himself with one heavy stroke deep in my anus.  His massive intrusion, so
abrupt, so complete would have caused me to scream not so long ago, but now I
have nothing left.  I can only moan fitfully as He lunges... filling
me...driving me...completing me.

Finally, like liquid fire I feel his seed fill my body, flowing deep inside. It
gushes outward around His pulsating member, running in erratic rivulets down my
thighs as He pants above me.  It warms me, consoles me.

He's here.  He's home.  He's mine.

As He lies against me, cradling my body in the afterglow, He whispers into my
hair.

"I love you, Katherine.  I love you."
------------------------------------------------------------------------




The Captain's Journal:

There was a time when a few days away would have probably involved a few days of
playing up. Katherine meant so much to me that the thought of playing up had
never even crossed my mind.

The whole time all I could think of was getting back to my little lady, my
precious Little One.

My dreams were filled of visions of her. I imagined her swimming in the surf,
her naked body feeling the sensations of wind and sea, caressing her, protecting
and preparing her for my return. Was she soaking in the Jacuzzi, using the jets
against her body and teasing those wonderful little places? The shower we had
used so often...and her lovely bare pussy...had she shaved again to keep it nice
and fresh and smooth for me? What about the drawer of goodies? I wondered if she
had been tempted to try them.

The thought of all those possibilities made me want to continuously play with
myself, and I often went to sleep still holding "Johnny" and thinking of her,
longing to be back with her.

On my return to the beach the vision that greeted me was so wondrous, so
completely beautiful and sexual. Her lovely long fiery hair cascading
beautifully down over her back and shoulders. And yes, she had remembered. Her
body all ready for me. Ripe, firm, and ready.

The time had finally arrived to try my toys. People have different views about
toys but there is just no way one man, or even two can do for a woman what a
mixture of flesh and toys can do. Vibrations, oils, multi sensations that can
only be given with help. And the wonderful plus of being able to lie back and
watch these things being administered, of the way her body reacts. Something you
cannot do as well when you are so close.

The night was magnificent, especially the new nipple tongs. God I loved those.


The time has come now. I can't hold back any longer. Katherine has given me so
much and has appeared so happy, regardless of what we are doing. I need her. I
need her forever. I must ask her if she'll be my "sub" and love me completely,
unquestioningly, forever.

I've worried about this a lot as I've said before, but I can't wait any longer.
It's time for me to ask Katherine to accept my collar.

Maybe a nice candlelight dinner, some sensual music, a glass of wine or two, and
then...

I wonder, should I?

Yes, I'm sure.
_______________________________________________




Katherine:

And so we lay the long night through in each other's arms, touching, tasting and
making love as only two people who truly know each other can. The dawn finds us
weary, but content, sated and yet ready to rise again. How many times has He
loved me during the long night past? I have no recollection. There were times
when we dozed, still joined, His softened sex still pressing between my delicate
folds as He lay sleeping against my breast...and then we'd wake and begin again.
Now the sun peeks in once more through the tiny window on the eastern wall, and
I feel Him stirring beside me. His engorged manhood lightly grazes my thigh, and
I know that He wants me again...He wants me...He wants me. The thought fills me
with pure, unadulterated joy, and I smile, willing and happy to give myself to
Him for as long as He asks.

We've awakened to the sound of the gulls, crying as they surf the offshore
breeze...children laughing on the dunes below.  Someone is playing on our beach. 
Oh well, let them have it for now.  Everything I want, everything I will ever
want is lying right here beside me.  I'm content...so content.

His eyes sparkle as he awakes.  I've heard that some men are more easily aroused
in the morning...some at night, but not my Captain.  Morning, noon, night, it
doesn't seem to matter.  He is perpetually and inexhaustibly Male, and I love
Him for it.

He's tired this morning, perhaps a little stiff.  He's been on the road so long,
and last night was demanding and rigorous.  I expect Him to reach for me right
away, but I'm surprised.  Instead I hear the water splashing in the shower, the
rumble of the shower door on its tiny rollers and know where He's headed first. 
I close my eyes again.  I can sleep for a few more minutes before He's through. 
Surely then...

But I'm wrong!  I smile as He peels the blankets from my naked body.  Ahhh...the
shower.  He has other plans for us this morning.  I should have known.

He bends to scoop me up into his arms, but not before He inserts His finger deep
into my vagina...testing the "water" so to speak.  Am I wet already?  Probably. 
I'm always wet when he's around. Finally He scoops me up in His arms and carries
me into the bathroom...to the shower where we've spent so many pleasurable
moments.

The sound of the warm water rushing madly against the tiles stirs me.  I wriggle
in his arms.  I want to do this gradually.  But still He persists, and in a
second I find myself in the shower, the warm water pulsating down against my
breasts.  I open my lips to speak, but He stills me with a kiss, His hand
probing between my thighs.

"You need to pee, don't you Katherine."  It's a statement, not a question.  He
knows.  He planned it this way!

I nod, the slow realization of what He wants me to do flooding through my
shivering flesh.  The knot in my stomach tightens ever so slightly, until, with
calm deliberation He kneels on the tile before me and parts my slit with His
left hand, exposing me to his embarrassingly close inspection.  Then, taking His
right, He inserts the middle finger deep inside and begins to cup my sex.

"Do it now...in my hand, Katherine," He instructs.  "I want to watch."

Suddenly the flood gates slam shut.  I can't!  I'm not able to pee if he's even
in the same room shaving!  How can I do it now, like this?

Slowly He presses me back against the cold tiles of the slower, His left hand
baring my sex in intimate detail, His right closing in rhythmic waves between my
thighs.

He waits.

I can't!  I try, but nothing comes!  I attempt desperately to maneuver my mind
onto other things, something besides His finger probing my vagina, His eyes
waiting for the flow of my body fluid to begin...His voice urging me...urging
me.

Instead I focus on the sound of the water running down my body, and how very
badly I needed to pee.  I imagine myself alone, relaxed, enjoying the sweet
release that my lover wishes me to display.

And suddenly it comes, a trickle at first.  Then in a warm, steaming rush it
cascades into His palm. The Captain watches with satisfaction as the golden
stream flows gratefully from its tiny aperture, running warmly between His
fingers and down between my feet.

"That's good, Katherine...just a little more...a little more," he coaxes, His
hand pumping now between my thighs as though to wring every last drop from my
body.  "Now it's my turn," He informs me, His eyes bright and hard with intent. 

"I want you to sit in the corner, Katherine...on the floor.  Yes, just like
that...good.  Now, bring your knees up and open your legs...wider...wider."

I hesitate.  We've never done this before.  Am I doing it right?  Again I feel a
tiny squirt of urine escape from my slit.  Scant moments ago I couldn't initiate
the flow, and now I can't stop it!   Incredible.

I look into His eyes for approval, my legs bent now and spread until each thigh
is tight against a shower wall.  My inner folds peek from between my gaping
labia in this posture.  I must be a sight!  He should be laughing at my comical
pose, but He isn't...not at all.  Instead His eyes glow even brighter, and He
continues to instruct me on my task.

"I want you to use both hands now, Katherine.  Slip your fingers between your
pussy lips and stretch them as wide as you can.  I want to see it completely
open, your 'hole' wet and gaping.  I want to be able to see right down inside of
you.  Do you understand?"

Silently I nod.  Will He want me to touch myself at some point?  I hope so. 
This whole business is making me extremely aroused.  Again I feel the slow
trickle of urine seep onto the tile floor between my legs.  What's wrong with
me?  Why can't I stop?

"You're still peeing, Katherine," He observes with some degree of satisfaction. 
"I like that.  You're out of control.  I like that too," He continues.

"Now, Katherine, I want you to take your thumbs and caress your clit.  Pinch it
between them...massage it...make love to it, but keep your pussy open for me.
I want to see everything...all of it."

He stands between my outstretched feet now, His own legs parted, His hands
holding His shaft between them...aiming it between my full and gaping labia.  I
lean back, my thumbs working frantically, my sex quivering and on the
verge...and then it happens.

Thrusting my hips forward, I moan, the advent of my hot, sticky cum effectively
closing off the seeping trickle of urine as I writhe on the floor beneath my
Captain.

A splash...hot and wet as it hits me...squarely into my gaping furrow, running
in steaming profusion into my vagina and mingling with my own juices.  His aim
is diabolical!  Do men practice these things?  Maddeningly it beats against my
clit, its pulsating heat driving me as my thumbs never could.  And then, after
what seems like an incredibly long interval, He stops.

He's left me panting.  Again.  His appetites have become my own now, and I too
have become insatiable, it seems.  Slowly He turns to rinse Himself in the
spray, and I rise up behind Him, my hand eager to touch His pink and vulnerable
flesh.  I take the soap from the shower caddy and begin to lather His back,
circling in slow, easy motions over his muscled contours...massaging the curve
at the small of His back, running my soapy fingers between the furrow of His
bottom.

I kneel behind Him now, and he groans in satisfaction.  I've anticipated His
needs.  I'm getting better at that.  I'm really trying.  It's important to me
that I get it right...so important.

He parts his thighs to give me better access to his genitals, and I take
advantage of the breach to move forward between His legs, repositioning myself
before Him and giving His knob a tiny kiss before attempting to apply the
lather.  It jerks as I taste it, a tiny involuntary spasm that I've come to
love.  It means that He has things He can't control either...just like me.

Perversely, I want more.  I want to watch Him squirm as I did, to exert my
control over Him for a change.  Do I dare?

Yes.  At this moment...and in this place...I do.

And so I part my lips and inhale Him deeply into my mouth...into my throat.  I
feel Him grow and harden, warming against my tongue as I lap over and over again
along the length of His shaft.  I lather my hands now and begin to massage His
scrotum, rolling the hard, round spheres in my soapy hands, squeezing them
between my palms as He quivers before me.

Then, with insidious delight, I liberally lather my finger and reach around His
hip to probe the tiny, puckered bud hidden between His bottom cheeks.  He bites
his lip.  Has He ever done that before?  I don't think so.  I'm encouraged, and
I press further...deeper until my finger is embedded up to the first knuckle.

He wriggles.  This is wonderful!  I'm driving Him wild!  I continue...up to the
second knuckle, all the while sucking...sucking his steely member, my other hand
pumping His balls with slow abandon.

Another thrust and my finger is fully engaged, its nail gently prodding His
prostate deep inside.  Smiling softly, I begin to move...in and out...in and...

He grabs me then, raising me and thrusting his right thigh between my legs,
holding my brazen digit in place with His hand as He crushes me against his Hip. 
His hand circles my waist, lowering, caressing until it too has penetrated deep
into my crevice and forced its way inside my tight ring of muscle.  He
plunges...unerringly...the force of His hand controlling my body as I writhe
against Him.  He's in command once again.  I sigh.  Life is good...so good.

I'm wet, but once more it has nothing to do with the warm water cascading over
my breasts and belly.  This time it's His finger, penetrating my tender aperture
and the warm grind of His thigh against my sex.  I feel my legs begin to shake,
clutching greedily around his limb, rubbing myself along his roughened skin
until he's coated with my slippery juices and I begin to whimper in his arms.

And then I cum, shaking, convulsing atop his leg like a dog in heat, my finger
jabbing mindlessly inside of Him as I throw my head back and groan aloud.

He lets me have my way, watching the contortions that play over my features
until He can stand it no longer.  Then, once more lowering me to the tiles, He
disengages his finger and begins to pump His shaft in front of my face, a look
of impassioned concentration filling his gaze. 

Dazed, I part my lips, thinking this is what He expects of me, but I'm wrong
this time.  Instead he strokes himself once... twice...three times until His cum
erupts, splattering into my face, drizzling across my eyelids, over my cheeks,
and wetting my lips on its downward path across my quivering breasts.

He peruses his handiwork and smiles.  Then, tracing my lower lip with His
cum-slick thumb, He once again raises me to me feet and kisses me deeply. 

His expression has changed now...become somber, preoccupied as He washes the
slippery trails from my face and body.  I can't "read" him anymore.  I don't
understand.  What's He thinking?  What pensive thought occupies His mind as He
searches my eyes this time?  I want to know...need to know.

Finally, He's through, and bundling me in a large bath sheet, He carries me back
to the bed and lays me gently among the rumpled sheets.  He's made a decision. 
Something is about to happen...but what?

"Do you trust me, Katherine?" He asks, his voice serious and penetrating.

Do I trust Him? Does He have to ask such a question? Doesn't He know the answer
already? "I love you," I respond, "Of course I trust You. Did You ever doubt
it?"

He pauses then, couching His words, His tone in a way that will circumvent my
momentary sensitivity. "I know that you love me, Katherine," He whispers softly,
"but do you trust me? Would you put your life in my hands...your last breath?"

I'm worried now. What's He talking about? My life...my last breath? I look into
His eyes, seeking the key that will unlock the mystery of His words, but it lies
hidden behind His shuttered gaze.

"Will you put yourself in my hands, Katherine, without question? Will you give
me your last measure of faith, all that you have to give, and hold nothing
back?"

My mouth is dry, so dry. My voice won't respond. He holds me with His eyes, and
I know. I will. I'll give him anything. My heart, my soul, my life. "Yes," I
answer simply, "It's yours. It always has been."

He nods then, satisfied, and begins to suckle at my breast, taking the nipple
between His lips in long, wet sighs that rumble against my flesh. He knows what
pleases me, I think, feeling His hand stroke my belly, then slip with purpose
between my thighs. My breathing becomes shallow, my heartbeat quickens...He has
me again. His has only to look at me, and I'm His. How could He possibly
question my trust? Then, rolling me softly against my stomach He begins to
stroke the rounded softness of my buttocks, caressing them with His palms,
probing between them with his fingertips until I'm wet with anticipation.

 I part my thighs, offering him the soft folds beneath, but instead He rises and
crosses to the dresser. Once there, He stirs through the drawer full of "toys",
then returns to the bed. I want to know what He has...I want to ask, but can I?
Should I? Is this the trust He asked me so pointedly about?

Instead I lay silently, raising my body while He positions pillows beneath my
torso, cuffing my wrists behind my back as he's done so many times before.
Finally, satisfied that all is to his liking, He covers my eyes with a strip of
silk, closing off the last rays of the sun from my view, plunging me into a
muted semi-darkness that causes me to shiver deep inside. A ripple cascades
along my skin, and I bite my lip. He wants something different from me this
time... something more. But what?

Spreading wide my legs, He positions himself between them now, His body warm
against my buttocks as He presses against me. I brace myself, expecting to feel
His shaft nudge persistently against my narrow passage, but it doesn't happen.

Not now. Not yet.

Instead, He passes an object into my hands for inspection, licking between my
shivering orbs as I run it through my fingers trying blindly to recognize its
shape. They're balls of some sort. No...beads, five of them, ranging in diameter
from something similar to a marble, to the size of a golf ball.  They're made of
something slick and slightly rubbery, like the small, gel balls that I used to
play with as a child. The nylon cord that joins them is strong and sports a
hard, rubber handle at the larger end, designed for control I assume. I've seen
these before...I remember them now. I'd wondered what they were for, but now
their destination is obvious.

I try to relax my muscles as my Captain's taught me to do, to open myself to
this latest titillation, but I'm so tender from last night...this morning...so
sore. He seems to sense this, and slows to help me, running his fingers between
my wet, flowering folds and drawing the slippery moisture up between my
buttocks... stroking... caressing...easing the opening with the tip of his
finger. Then, dipping the five beads into my weeping slit, He removes them and
wedges the smaller two deep into my anus with his thumb.  I feel the fullness of
them deep inside me, the remaining beads dangling against my nether lips,
hanging between my thighs.

He slides this appendage to the side now, and I feel His hand touching me once
more, massaging my clit as he patiently probes my wet and gaping slit with his
knob. Slowly He enters me, His size adding to the pressure within as He begins
to move deeper...deeper into my core.

His fingers, so talented, have brought me to the edge once again, and I let my
first sweet climax wash over me like a wave of honey on warm bread. My muscles
contract around Him, and I hear Him moan softly in the early morning silence. He
removes His hand now and coats the next bead, pressing it unerringly behind the
smaller two with a firm thrust of His thumb.

I'm uncomfortable at this point. The sense of fullness has grown, reaching a
capacity that leaves me desperate to hold myself in check as He once more begins
to move inside of me. Again His fingers circle my clit, drawing out my sighs, my
whimpers as yet another climax builds deep in my belly. This time He tells me to
hold it...to let it build until I can't stand it another minute. I nod,
panting...trying to subjugate the maddening urge to shatter beneath His
ministrations. But I hold on...I hold on...

The fourth bead slips into place, but not easily. It's large and cumbersome, and
this time my Captain has had to force it in with the knuckles of his fist.
Between His massive cock which fills me from the front, and the large gel beads
which fill my tender rear orifice, there is no room...no room.

And still He strokes, both inside my quivering core and delicately against my
clit. But now something new has been added. This time he slips a ring of silk
over my head, a scarf, lowering it until it's loosely looped about my neck.
Then, inserting His left hand in such a way that it might be tightened with a
simple twist of His arm, He removes the slack and I feel it close like a choker
about my throat.

I'm tense now, frightened, but still I feel His right hand between my thighs,
touching, probing, driving me toward a climax He's ordered me to hold at bay.  
He pauses, His wet fingers slipping back around the last bead, coating
it...forcing it against my tortured ring of muscle...wedging it painfully into
me with the heel of His hand.

I cringe, struggling against my bonds as He tightens the scarf about my throat a
little more, and once again begins to thrust His engorged member inside of me.
There's no room...no room. The sense of fullness is matched only by the
spinning, spiraling lack of oxygen whispering through my constricted larynx.

"Can you feel it, Katherine?' He rasps, His voice shrouded in passion. "Can you
feel it? Do you want to scream when I move...do you want to cum?"

He plunges again and I feel my body groan under the impact, and yet His right
hand continues to circle...drawing me out...pushing me weeping toward the climax
that has built unbearably deep in my womb. I try to moan, to cry out in
frustration, but He tightens the silken noose again, and once more I hear the
pounding of my own heart thundering in my ears.

He's ready to come now, I can tell by the eager thrusts of His hips in my
stuffed and tortured belly, and the low guttural sound of his voice.

And then He fills me, his thick, viscous offering shooting like liquid fire into
my core, gushing around His cock, dripping between my knees as He lunges
repeatedly into my struggling form.  I gasp, the tiny puff of air barely finding
its way into my body now, and finally He tells me what I've been waiting to
hear.

"Let it go now, Katherine...let it go..."

And I do.

Immediately He releases the scarf, my mouth opening in a wordless cry as one
wave after another crashes down upon me. Then. tugging slowly, my lover grabs
the handle on the anal beads and sensually liberates them one by one from my
body until my muscles contract and expand in confused spasms before Him.

I gasp, the chill vibrant air filling my lungs like sweet ambrosia...the taste
of life surging through me with euphoric abandon.  I have never felt so
alive...so aware.  I can never go back to what I was...never.



I know then, all that I have is His.

Everything.
________________________________________________




The Captain's Journal:


Today, as if to thank me for introducing her to so many new sensations,
Katherine gave me a time in the shower that was the absolute pinnacle of
pleasure. Very few men will admit to enjoying anal pleasures.  But I don't mind
saying I do enjoy them, and with Katherine, the way we did it was just something
else. 

What happened next, however, made everything else pale by comparison.  I had
read about this Chinese sexual practice where they claimed that if you could
create a situation where the woman held her breath almost to the point of
asphyxiation, you could heighten the orgasm to its absolute maximum. This would
have a similar affect on the man because of the sense of power and build up of
tension in his body.

The trick is to bring yourselves close to orgasm, perhaps use a scarf to tighten
around the neck until, at the moment of climax, you release the pressure and the
tension in both bodies relaxes.  The climax is overwhelming.

In Katherine I had someone who would trust me implicitly. I felt sure she would
do it for me, and she did. It was unbelievable. Truly unbelievable. I have never
had such an orgasm in my life.

I have spent my whole life looking for someone like Katherine. She is here, she
is mine...she is all my dreams come true.

I have always worried about whether or not she would accept what I was doing to
her, but I never had to. She is so willing, grateful, loving. I'm sure she loves
me, as I do her.

While away, I had a jeweler design a beautiful collar, something that can be
worn with pride wherever she goes. It's beautifully crafted, delicate, Y-shaped
and made of sterling silver with a small, perfect, blue-white diamond. Tonight I
will ask her to accept it, for it to be a symbol of our love and our commitment.
I will ask her to be my little submissive one, my sub. If she accepts, I will be
her Dom, and we will spend the rest of our lives together in total bliss.

A special moment indeed.  I hope all goes well.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------




Katherine:

Today has brought so much, so many revelations my way.  And now, as the evening
draws near I feel the breeze shift yet again.

He's been quiet, so quiet since He placed the scarf about my neck this
morning...almost as though some massive obstruction were about to wreck the
fabric of our lives together.  Could that be it?  Has He finally taken a closer
look and found that His glorious Bird of Paradise is in  reality nothing but a
common weed?  Has He looked closely and found me wanting, my presence a burden
not worth the effort?

I hear Him pacing in the rooms below, silverware clanging as He prepares
something "special" for dinner.  I can't blame Him there, I think.  I'm not much
in the kitchen.  Without Him, I'm not much anywhere.  Is this to be my last day
in His world...in His life?  Is it?

The smell of steaks grilling on the barbecue fills the house, and in short order
I hear Him call my name for dinner.  I've dressed to please Him tonight, donned
the pale lavender silk He brought me from His business trip, dabbed His favorite
scent in all the vital spots, left my hair long and flowing down my back.  If
this is to be my last night in this world I've come to love so much, I'm going
to make it memorable.

I arrive downstairs with a spring in my step that hides my inner pangs.  I
pause.  The Captain has outdone himself!  The dining room has been transformed
into a place where dreams come true, where fantasies grow and thrive.  Candles
glow from every corner...long ones, short ones, willowy tapers and delicately
scented carvings...all welcoming me into this world of flickering light and
shadow.

I'm confused.  If this is a farewell scene we're playing out here, it's a poor
one.  What woman in her right mind would ever want to leave such a place...such
a man.

With deference He holds my chair, and slowly slides it in behind me.  I don't
believe I've ever had anyone hold a chair for me before.  I feel
special...cherished.  A green salad sits before me...hand-torn,
crouton-filled...tiny cherry tomatoes bobbing like Japanese fishing floats.  A
goblet of dry, red wine sits glowing in the flickering light, and I gulp
nervously.  What happens next?

A few moments later He returns from the patio with two small fillet mignons
tucked intimately together on a silver salver, and lightly deposits one on my
plate.

"Dinner is served," he offers jokingly.  "Would you like some more wine?" 
Quietly He tops off my glass before I've had a chance to reply, then turning, He
refills his own.

He pauses by my chair...opens his mouth as if to say something, then thinks
better of it and takes a seat beside me.  This isn't like Him...not at all. 
Where is my confident, assured Captain?  What have I done that's so terrible He
can't speak to me about it?

His hand reaches out and caresses my thigh, and I begin to relax, if only for a
moment.  This is more like Him, I think, His hand working its slow magic against
my willing flesh.  And then He stops.  He's made up His mind.  It's time.

My glass pauses in midair, my heartbeat pounds in my ears.  My chest begins to
ache and I realize I've been holding my breath.  It's time...it's time.  I exist
on the precipice of His whim...His pleasure.  Will I survive?

Tentatively, He clears His throat, His eyes a churning sea of warring emotions. 
And then He speaks.

"Katherine," He begins, His thumb tracing a slow circle against the back of my
hand.  "Do you know how much it's meant to me...having you here, I mean?  Do
you?"

I pause now, my words uncertain.  Is He letting me down gently?

"Yes," I murmur, my eyes downcast.  I can't look at Him...I can't.  If I do I'll
burst into tears, shatter into a thousand tiny fragments at His feet.  And so I
wait for Him to continue.

He takes a sip of wine, as if He needs fortification for what He's about to say,
then grips my hand again, studying the palm as though it holds the future before
Him.

"Katherine," He begins again.  "There was someone else here before you...you
know that?"

I nod.  I know...I used to see her in His eyes when I first arrived.  Has she
come back?  Will she share His bed once again...His life?

He peers once more into my palm, as if the exchange He seeks can be found within
the lines.  "When it was over I didn't think I could feel that way about anyone
again, I didn't think I wanted to."  He shifts uncomfortably.  He's a strong
man, a dominant one...not used to public introspection, and it's evident that
this is hard on Him.

"Katherine, what I'm trying to say is that you've come to mean more to me than I
could have ever imagined...more than I'd ever really intended...and I want it to
continue."

I feel my throat constrict, the room blurs.  Suddenly the hand holding mine is
the most precious thing in the world to me.  He's asking me to stay.  He wants
me.  He cares.

"Do you know what a 'Dom' is...a 'submissive', Katherine?"

I nod once more.  "Like us," I offer.  "Our relationship is like that, isn't
it?"

He smiles now, pleased that I've understood.  "Most people don't realize the
deep relationship that a Dom has with His sub... the caring, the intimacy, the
trust.  But we have all of that, Katherine, and more...so much more."

He reaches into His pocket now and slides out a long, thin box...lightweight,
black velvet.

"It's a sub collar, Katherine.  A special one... like you.  It says all the
things I'm finding so hard to say right now.  I'd like you to stay.  I'd like
you to wear it.  I'd like you to be mine."

I raise my eyes now and search His face for a sign that this is right...that He
truly feels what I do.  My Captain is a man who finds gushy outpourings of
emotion awkward.  I can understand that.  That this conversation has been
difficult goes without saying.  But it's in His eyes that I find what I
need...the words that He can't say.  Suddenly I know that there is only one
answer that could possibly make any sense for either of us.

Slowly I open the box and find His collar, a symbolic restraint made of fine
sterling filigree...a tiny, flawless diamond nestled deep in its open heart.  I
smile.  Beautiful. 

Taking it in my hand, I feel it touch me...warm me...speak to me in a language
that only my Captain and I can understand.

I kiss Him...softly...tenderly, offering all that I have...all that I am. Then,
placing the "collar" in His hand I turn away and lift my hair, baring my neck to
receive His gift....His promise.

Warm, salty tears run in tiny rivulets down my cheeks, washing away a lifetime
of loss and loneliness.  I'm home at last...

...home at last
----------------------------------------------------------------------




Epilog:

The sound of His breathing, heavy and rhythmic, reaches me through the darkness. 
It's solid...secure, and fills me with a kind of peace I've never known before. 
I know I tend to place Him on a pedestal, someone to idolize, a perfect man in a
utopian paradise.  I'm not allowing reality to interrupt my flawless fantasy.  I
know all of that, and yet, is that really so bad?

I sit on the balcony now, watching the fairy-like shimmer of the moon on the
deep and shifting sea.  Once again my finger traces the "collar"...His
gift...His commitment, and I feel it warm my thoughts.  No matter what happens,
I belong here now, with Him.  I'm a piece of His life, and He's become
everything in mine.

The woman on the bridge was someone else, someone that time has dimmed and muted
from memory.  I pity her existence, but I don't regret her loss.  The Captain's
Lady has taken her place and filled her comings and goings with a vibrancy that
she could never have imagined.

My Captain was tender tonight...gentle and nurturing.  He is a man of infinite
dimensions, and all of them mine.  I know that a "Dom" has possession of His
sub...owns her, but can you really own someone without giving them a piece of
yourself as well?  I am His, in every way possible, but He is also mine.

I hear Him stir in the darkness, and I turn.  In the pale light of the moon I
watch as His hand searches the pillow where my head should be.  Even in his
sleep He's mine, I think... as much a part of me as I am of Him.

I love Him.  Let Him have His fantasies, and I'll fill them.  Let Him care for
me as I care for Him.  Let us be everything to one another for as long as time
allows.

After all, He saved my life. 

I belong to Him.
------------------------------------------------------------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Katherine English


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





