BDSM Library - Colette's Pnishment




Colette's Pnishment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Colette is punished for lying and other indiscretions.
 Colette's Punishment

Chapter 1

Colette comes home from work and finds a note taped to a document on the table
instructing her to read and sign it.  It says:
Dear Colette,
From this moment forward you are my slave!  Read this contract and sign it!
* You will obey every instruction given to you without hesitation
* You will accept any form of punishment that I require
* Your will remain naked at ALL times around the house unless specifically
instructed otherwise (blinds and curtains will always be open and you will
always answer the door)
* You no longer have ANY privacy, you will never close a door or conceal
yourself in any way (shower, toilet, makeup, etc.)
* You will always wear shoes or boots with thin heels at least 4" long
* You will do ALL yard work wearing a micro-miniskirt, garter, stockings (which
must be exposed), heels, and an unbuttoned shirt tied closed under your tits
[all bending to be done at waist and legs fully spread while squatting]
* You may NOT wear a bra (except to work and those must be lace, 3/4 cup, and no
larger than 36B)
* You may NOT wear panties ever (even to work), this includes pantyhose
* You may dress conservatively for work, otherwise will ALWAYS dress like a
slut!
* Once dressed, you are NEVER allowed to adjust your clothing (if a skirt rides
up, it will stay, a top falls open - leave it, etc.)
* You will always spread your legs completely when exiting a car, restaurant
booth, or chair and must never allow your legs to cross or your knees to be
closer than 24"
* You MUST display yourself to others and allow them to fondle you at any time
* Each morning, noon, and night you will continuously masturbate for thirty
minutes without cumming, you may NEVER cum without express permission
* You must ask permission to use the toilet and you may never use the seat
* In short, you are my slave, slut, whore, and cunt...EVERY square inch of you
from your hair to your toes including your mouth, tits, belly, ass, and pussy
BELONGS to me
* From now on you will be called "o", colette (small c), or any of the titles
from the previous item
* I, colette beam, lovingly agree to ALL terms and conditions of this contact,
signed; Colette Beam

Your Master Jim

A note stuck to the last page instructs Colette to bring the contract to you
after she signs it, which she does.  She enters the living room with a very
seductive smile and hands you're the signed document.  You ask if she is sure
that she wants to live up to these terms and she emphatically agrees.

Immediately, your tone gets harsh as you stand and order her out of her clothes,
"Now let's see how many of the rules have you broken so far.......... Do you
know that you've already broken six of these (large C in signature, still
dressed in the house, wearing full bra and 'C' cup, wearing panties, wearing
pantyhose, and wearing 3" heels)?"  And yesterday you lies about the girls being
willing slaves colette has a look of fear on her face and strips quickly.  You
instruct her to stand with her feet three feet apart and her hands behind her
head.

She gasps as she sees the long whip that you've had hidden under your chair. 
You tell her that since it is the first time you will not be too severe and will
only give her ten lashes.........for each offense!  Her knees almost buckle at
the thought, as you walk around inspecting her body.

You take your time kneading her succulent soft flesh, lingering on her cheeks,
you squeeze them eventually sliding your finger up her ass making her gasp.
Now, colette is trembling with excitement and anticipation as you slide your
hands around her fleshy hips, up across her belly to the undersides of her great
tits.  Slowly you begin squeezing them, gently at first, but increasing in
intensity as you approach her nipples.  You begin rolling her nipples between
your fingers squeezing ever tighter until colette winces in pain then you
release her nipples and place the tip of your middle finger on each one.  In one
steady movement you invert her nipples and begin pressing them towards her
chest.  Squirming now, your tell colette not to udder a sound as this is part of
her punishment.  You continue pressing until you contact her chest wall and
looking over her shoulder, you see that her soft, sexy inverted breasts envelop
virtually all of each finger!

After a moment you release her tits, letting them fall against their weight.
You now slide your hands up to her face, across her cheeks and place the finger
that invaded her ass into her mouth...colette does not like the taste as you
instruct her to clean it completely for you.  Moving away, you pickup the whip
and tell her to get ready.  You've decided to use light strokes for this
whipping, as it is her first.

Your first stroke catches her across the bottom of her cheeks, licking around to
catch the tops of her thighs, slowly you continue up her ass and her back,
enjoying the faint red stripes and the little gasps as the end licks around her
hips, onto her belly and eventually even catching her right tit.  You've
carefully counted and finish at the shoulders with twenty.  "How do you like
your punishment so far?" you ask and colette says, "It stings a lot, but I'm
very excited too!"  You remind her not cum, which causes a look of
disappointment on her face, and give her several minutes to calm down.

Moving to the other side, you begin at the shoulder and watch as the far end
whips around under her raised arm causing more pain than expected.  Working down
to her tits, you change you stroke and come down across the tops of them causing
them to first flatten and then to bounce a bit.  Two more quick stokes follow as
you work your way to her nipples where you revert back to a horizontal stroke
aiming for her nipples...the first stroke catches the right nipple, the second
the left and the third finally catches both at once causing colette to howl
loudly.

Waiting a few minutes you instruct colette to remove her hands from behind her
head, to grasp each nipple and to pull them outward and up as high as they'll
go.  Reluctant to hurt them anymore, colette  is slow to respond.  Reminding her
that this is part of her punishment, you ask if she wants more, which convinces
her to comply.  You keep telling her "pull them further and higher" until they
are stretched almost beyond belief.  Warning her not to drop them, you bring
three quick strokes up across the undersides of her tits.  colette, now with
glazed eyes and covered with sweat, manages not to drop her tits until she hears
you say "OK, DROP THEM!".  You're impressed that once colette dropped her tits,
she immediately resumed her position with her hands behind her head.

You begin again with the whip and aiming for her tummy, you "accidentally" miss
and hit her slightly sagging tits one last time.  Now you instruct her to arch
her back and force her soft tummy to you as you continue down to the tops of her
thighs.  "Now that wasn't so bad was it?" you ask and as she slowly smiles you
say, "OOPS, that was only 55, now where should the last five go?...I know, how
about between the legs...what do you think colette, 5 on the cunt of my cunt?"
Too exhausted and excited to care, she just nods affirmatively.  You begin off
to one side so the end will can catch her ass cheek again too.  You stroke her
twice from this side and twice from the other side leaving your final one for
the center.  You take careful aim and manage to bring the whip right across the
center of her pussy catching her clit, lips and the sensitive inner walls of her
cheeks.  Being too much for colette, she collapses on the floor where she lays
for a moment or two before she opens her eyes and realizes where she is.
"Master, that was wonderful, I love you so much, I just wish you hadn't waited
so long."  Was all she got out before she started kissing you, driving her
tongue halfway down your throat!

Ecstatic with her response, you tell her that you wish you had started earlier
too.  Then you tell her that she's not quite finished as you cuff her hands
behind her and lead her into another room.  Lying on the rug in the middle of
the room is a very rough, 3-foot section of split firewood.  Forcing colette on
her knees near the wood you say, "I was going to let you finish with just a blow
job, but I didn't give you permission to 'lay down' in the other room, so we'll
do it this way."  You place a pillow on the floor on the other side of the log
and tell colette, "now, all you have to do is bend over and put your head on the
pillow and your tits across the log.  Now rest all of your weigh on your tits
and keep that ass high in the air."

Wincing as the rough wood presses into her tits, colette assumes the position
and is shocked when she feels you cock at the entrance of her ass instead of her
pussy (she was sure she was going to be fucked I her pussy).  Slowly, you begin
pumping her ass, picking up speed, enjoying her sheiks as your thrusts dig the
sharp surface of the wood deep into her tits and nipples.  You stop, just before
you cum wanting her torment to last, and begin again after a few minutes.  You
stop yourself five times, dragging colette's agony out over an hour until you
finally feel that you must cum.  Pulling out of her ass, you move to her face
and begin pumping her mouth as you instruct her to clean it completely.  Just
before you cum, you pull it out and pump loads of cum all over her face and
hair.  Moving the pillow, you tell her to place her tits back onto the wood, but
to keep her face up and let the cum slowly ooze down.  Taking out a large black
vibrator, you tell her that she has earned the right to cum and begin forcefully
fucking her pussy.  In wild abandon, forgetting about her poor tits, colette
starts bucking back-and-forth like a mad woman until she cums like never before.

When she regains here composure, she realizes how sore her tits, pussy and ass
are and how cramped she is getting.  She feels your cum sliding down her face
and her's running out of her pussy and down across her belly towards her tits.
You help her up, admiring how radiant she looks and walk her to the bedroom
where you remove her cuffs and pull each of the splinters from her very sore
nipples and tits.  Afterwards, she gets a shower and then joins you in bed,
giving you a terrific BJ as a thank you for such an exciting night.  After you
cum you both drift off to enjoy some much needed sleep..........




Colette's  Punishment

Chapter 2
You awaken to the sound of the shower running and begin to think back on the
previous day's activities remembering how beautiful colette's body was during
the whipping and while bent over.

Suddenly the water stops and you listen as your newly acquired slave readies
herself for work.  When she emerges from the bathroom you see that she has
already dressed for work.  Wondering if she followed her new rules, you say
"Good morning Colette, have you remembered everything this today?"  Blushing,
she stammers out a yes.  You continue, "I must say that you look beautiful
today.  I really enjoyed last night and hope that you did too."  Blushing even
more, all she does is nod this time.  "Fantastic...now lets see" you say, as you
fake trying to remember the rules, "Did you remember to play with yourself this
morning?"  Sheepishly, she says, "Yes, that's why my shower was so long and I
didn't cum either." now almost boastful.

"OK, slide up your skirt...no, higher than that...higher...wow, you remembered
not to wear panties to work, and I really like those stockings and garters." 
"OK, you can drop your skirt...now how about the bra?"  After a long pause,
colette says, "Jim, you know that I've been a very full C cup for along time now
and I don't have and B cup bras left, but I promise that I'll pick some up on
the way home today."  Figuring that you'll accept that excuse, she seems quite
pleased with herself.  Smiling, you say, "Jim??? Who in the hell is Jim?  I'm
Master, remember?"  The smile leaves her face as you continue, "Yes you have
been an extremely full C for a long time, let me see those tits right now!" 
colette quickly unbuttons her blouse, revealing her ample tits firmly supported
in a white lace, full cup 'C' bra.  "Well, what are you waiting for, get them
out!"  you bellow.  Now she practically rips the bra from her tits, revealing
two magnificent mounds (that never cease making you hard).  Upon your
examination, you see many red marks left from the firewood and an extremely hard
pair of nipples.  Grasping each one, you squeeze and twist them unmercifully
until colette winces in pain.  Continuing your death grip you say with malice in
your voice, "Now, that's for forgetting who I am!!!!!".  Finally, easing your
grip, you slowly let her now bright red nipples go and say, in a much friendlier
tone, "I was thinking about making you go to work without a bra, but that just
wouldn't be right........for today" you add with a smile, "before you leave work
tonight, remove your bra, unbutton the top three buttons in the car (which opens
her blouse almost to the nipple line), and shop for your new ones...I expect a
fashion show tonight!"  With that, you give her a deep passionate kiss goodbye
and send her on her way.

While colette is at work, you busy yourself in the basement, constructing some
surprises for this weekend.  Thinking of how obedient colette has become, you
decide to join her for lunch and head off to un-expectantly meet her at work.

colette is very surprised as you walk into her office and asks, "Ji.....aahhh,
Master, how are you and what brings you here?"  Smiling, you tell her that you
just want to have lunch with a sexpot!, adding "Why don't you come around to
this side and let me warm you up?"  Not knowing why colette is hesitant, you add
that, "I've already locked the door."  Finally, colette comes around and begins
kissing and fondling you with great fervor, running her hands all over your
body.  Stopping her, your tell her to sit up on the front of her desk, so you
can have desert before lunch.  Suddenly, her moods changes and she starts acting
like a guilty little girl.  Puzzled, you again order her up on the desk in front
of you.  As she sits, you quickly pull her skirt up reviling a plain, white pair
of cotton PANTIES!!!!

Stunned, you sit back and demand to know why she is wearing them.  She explains
that the thought being pantyless around her co-workers embarrassed her, so she
smuggled a pair out of the house in her purse.  "That's RIGHT", you shout,
"that's part of my ownership of you...I can embarrass you anywhere, in anyway,
and in front of anyone I want!!!"  Picking up a pair of scissors, you begin to
cut the panties off making sure that you occasionally catch some of her delicate
skin around her pussy and ass with the pointy ends.  "Is this the way that you
want it to be, me not being able to trust you?"  "NO SIR", she says, telling how
much she really enjoys the new relationship.  "OK CUNT" pausing to let the word
sink in, "you have one last chance, do you remember what you have to do
tonight?"  colette shakes her head yes.  "You are still going shopping, but now
BEFORE you leave this office, you will remove your bra, unbutton the blouse to
the fourth button AND you will roll up your skirt until the hem is 10" above
your knees.  You will carry your coat at your side and walk the long way to your
car...is that clear?  Even though she mumbles 'yes', the look of shame and
embarrassment on her face already told you all you needed to know.  "Oh, in
addition to the bras, you better buy a few sexy, business outfits...I think you
might need them, and by the way, from now on all noon time masturbation sessions
will be done at your desk with the door unlocked and slightly ajar, not in the
ladies room!"

As you drive to lunch, you order her to prepare her outfit as you just described
and to begin playing with herself.  Once at the restaurant, she remembers the
don't adjust your clothing and legs fully spread when exiting a car rules and
follows  them giving a group of college boys a great view of her pussy.  You
pick out a table in the middle of the room and tell her to sit on the side
nearest the buffet table, so that anyone there can see all the way up her dress. 
Surprisingly, many of the businessmen decided to have a buffet today and
lingered at the salads, which provided the best view of your poor, spread-open
wife.  "One other permanent additional to the rules", you begin as the color
drains from colette's face, "Your are to make eye contact with anyone who sees
your pussy and give them a warm smile.  If anyone is bold enough to compliment
you, you must invite him or her to feel your pussy.  Is that understood?" 
Immediately smiling at the first onlooker, colette says that she understands.

Unfortunately, no one is bold enough to compliment her at lunch, so you both
finish it rather uneventfully.  On the way back to her office you allow her to
readjust her clothes for the business day.  You walk her to her office and when
she is not looking you open her purse and remove her cash and credit cards. 
"This afternoon when you leave you are to go straight to the Mall, don't stop on
the way and do all of your shopping at Fredericks.  Her mind starts racing,
wondering how she is going to find an outfit at Fredericks that she could wear
to work.   You give her a kiss on the cheek and a strong swat to her ass, and
tell her not to be late.

On your way home, you stop at the Mall and visit Patty, the manager of
Fredericks and a very good friend.  [Patty is 30, about 5' 10" tall with a very
athletic body, very long legs and bright red hair.]  She's very excited to see
you and comes around the corner and gives you a hug.  You are also very excited
to "see" her as she is typically dressed in a very short skirt that is split up
the middle, a sheer, low-cut top and black paten leather boots with 6" heels. 
Feeling a stir in your crotch and knowing that Patty is both bi and dominant,
you tell her about your newfound treasure.  At the mere mention of the word
'slave', you have her undivided attention.  You finish by telling her about
colette's upcoming shopping visit and about the lifted credit cards and cash. 
"Very interesting", Patty says.  "You've got it!!!" you say, "I want you to make
it very interesting on colette tonight, here's a picture of her so you'll
recognize her."  Smiling at each other, you walk out of the store, head home and
continue on your project in the basement.

colette waits as long as she can for everybody to leave, locks her office door
and readies herself for the shopping trip, cursing that she was so dumb as to
try and sneak the panties past you.  Once her outfit is ready (bra off, blouse
unbuttoned to the 4th button and skirt rolled up at the waist until the hem was
well above the knee), she admires herself in the window's reflection, thinking,
'damn, I pretty sexy for 47...hell, I look great for 37!'  Grabbing her coat in
one hand and her purse and briefcase in the other she heads for the parking lot. 
Almost out of the building, she literally runs into the janitor (a big, quiet
black guy, about 50) at the corner of two hallways.  Startled, she drops her
briefcase, which flies open spilling papers all over the hallway.  Wondering how
she is going to retrieve them while retaining her dignity, she pauses and looks
at the janitor hoping for help.  He doesn't move, slightly amused by colette's
predicament and just continues to stare at her tits and legs.  colette  finally
breaks the silence and asks "Don't you think you could give me a hand?" to which
he answers, "Yes, I do believe that I could, but I'm enjoying the view too much,
besides Mrs. Beam, I'd like to see how you are going to do this", he finishes
with a smirk.  colette is not amused, but realizes that she must get going, so
she starts gathering her papers.  It really makes no difference how she bends of
squats; either, her pussy, ass or tits will be almost constantly exposed, much
to the delight if the janitor.  Finally, after making no attempt to conceal his
stares, he says "I've seen you here before Mss. Beam, but I never knew you were
built like that...what a great body."  colette grasps the last of the papers and
throwing them in her briefcase heads for the door with great hast.  The lucky
janitor, just stands there and watches her walk down the hallway until she turns
into the parking lot.  Quickly entering her car, she heads for the Mall to
complete her shopping.

On the highway, she's embarrassed by the catcalls and whistles from a group of
construction workers in a four-door pickup who have begun pacing her.  Wishing
that she could adjust her skirt, but worried that she'd violate another rule,
she decides to ignore their comments and to continue her trip.

Twenty minutes later she arrives at the Mall and is thankful that the pickup
didn't follow her.  She rushes in and heads straight to Fredericks, where she
notices a very attractive redhead behind the counter.  Patty gives colette a big
smile and offers her assistance.  colette explains that she's looking for
several very lacy, 1/2 to 3/4 cup bras in a B cup.  Shaking her head, Patty says
"a B cup? You've got to be kidding, you look more like a full C or even a small
D!"  Embarrassed as hell, colette explains that she likes her bras tight.  Patty
helps her pick out several and shows her to the dressing room.  colette also
explains that she would like a sexier outfit that she could wear to work. 
Looking at the way colette is dressed, Patty says that she doesn't think she
could find anything much sexier.  Now, colette is blushing profusely and she
explains that it doesn't have to be more revealing than this outfit, "I just
felt like showing-off a little today."  "Well, you succeeded in showing-off a
lot!" Patty adds, reveling in colette's embarrassment.

colette tries on several bras, finally deciding on five (2 white, 1 beige, 1
red, & 1 black).  She also tries on two outfits, selecting one with a snug
fitting skirt that ends above her knees with a tight, v-neck sweater and short
jacket.  Taking her items to the counter, she thanks Patty for her help.  Patty
rings up the sale ($157.96) and tells colette that she is welcome.  By now,
colette is furiously looking for her credit cards, explaining that she knew she
had them and that maybe they were stolen.  "What are you trying to pull here
lady?"  Patty asks in a harsh tone.  "You come in here and take-up my valuable
time and then you tell me that you can't pay.  It's $157.96, pay up." 
Flustered, colette doesn't know what to do...she knows that you'll be pissed and
probably cancel the contract if she shows up without the purchases and she has
no way to pay for them without her cards.  "I'm really sorry, would it be OK if
I mail you a check?  I really need these items...look, here is my license...I'll
even leave something for collateral, if you like."  Patty, who is doing a great
job of acting really pissed, turns colette's suggestion down coldly, telling her
to pay for the merchandise or to get out and to never return!  Practically in
tears, not wanting to loose the new relationship with you, colette asks if there
is any other way to work this out.  Patty, now leering at her, says
"maybe...take these items back to the dressing room and we'll see what we can
work out."

Wondering what was in store for her next, colette dutifully picks up the items
and follows Patty to the dressing room.  Patty instructs her to put the outfit
on and to model it for her.  colette, thinking that this isn't too bad, changes
into the new outfit and comes out of the room, calling for Patty.  Hearing her
voice around the corner, colette steps out to show the outfit to Patty who says
"Very nice, it fits you well, now model it for me."  Responding to colette's
puzzled look, Patty adds "You know, walk around the store with it so I can watch
you show off."  colette begins slowly walking around figuring that this isn't
too bad and after making a full circuit around the store with Patty's eyes glued
to her, she returns to the dressing room where she begins removing the outfit. 
"Now, the bras!" says Patty, much to colette's surprise.  A few minutes later,
colette comes out wearing a white bra and her skirt.  "I didn't say anything
about you skirt!"  Patty bellows "and where are your heels?"  Confused, colette
rushes back to the room, puts on her shoes and takes off her skirt.  Sheepishly,
she looks outside the changing room door and hearing Patty says "what is taking
so long?", she walks around the corner.  Immensely enjoying colette's
humiliation, Patty decides to see how far she can push it.  "Wow, your tits
barely fit into that thing...now MODEL it!"  Stunned, colette can't believe that
this younger woman is forcing her to parade around a store almost naked.  "You
better get started or you will walk around the store twice!" Patty adds. 
colette quickly starts to walk through the store, "SLOW DOWN or I'll keep you
here all night." Patty orders, "and get out from behind those racks...I want to
see you in the aisles!"  Now broken, colette complies, thinking that at least
there aren't any customers in the store.  She returns to the dressing room for
the next bra, the other white one and again begins her modeling, shocked to find
three young guys in the store (while changing, Patty called a few friends - two
white and one black - who worked in the Mall).  Making it as tough on colette as
possible, Patty made colette walk slowly around each rack and up-and down every
aisle while the guys took turns teasing her about her tight fitting bra and her
nakedness.  The three of them then started talking about her like a she wasn't
even there..."nice ass...yea, I'll bet she fucks good too...cute tits...I wonder
if she's wet...I'd love to shove my cock in that bitch" The comments continued
as colette modeled all of the bras.

Finally finished, colette was surprised when Patty met her in the changing room
and said "I hope you are satisfied, I've never been so embarrassed in my life!" 
"Well, not quite yet...you have only one more thing to do...SATISFY each of us
sexually, starting with me!"  Patty ordered colette down on her knees with her
ass facing the door.  Admiring Patty's long shapely legs, colette asked "what's
next?"  "Kiss my boots!"  was Patty's reply.  "Now continue kissing them until
you reach my legs"  Unknown to colette, the boys had quietly opened the door and
were enjoying the view.  To help move things along, the biggest white guy took
off his belt and began slapping colette's ample ass with it.  Moving much more
quickly colette began tonguing Patty's boots in earnest.  Not wanting to be left
out, the other two guys removed their belts and the three of them fell into a
rhythm on one belt across colette's ass about every 15 seconds.  Once colette
reached Patty's legs she paused as Patty reached down and slowly pulled up her
skirt revealing near perfect legs covered in crotchless pantyhose.  Patty's bald
pussy was very wet as she guided colette's face to it.  Being encouraged even
more strongly by the constant beating on her ass, colette practically attacked
Patty's pussy.  After what seemed like an eternity, Patty pulled colette's face
tight against her pussy as she began to cum violently.

After she composed herself, Patty said "OK, the guys next"  Standing her up the
big white guy dropped his pants and forced his already rubbered cock into
colette's pussy, while the other two started beating her ass again.  The guy
came shortly, removed his rubber and forced colette on her knees, making her
lick his cock clean.  The other white guy, also wearing a rubber, lined up
between colette's lips and proceeded to start fucking her face.  colette's ass
beating continued, encouraging her to hurry.  After this guy came, he too
removed the rubber and ordered colette to clean his cock.  Now standing her back
up, the black guy produced a huge cock and sneered at colette "I'm going to
split your ass in two with this!"  He spread a little lube around her hole, just
enough to get started.  Whimpering, colette said that she couldn't take anymore. 
"Anymore?" he exclaimed, "Hell you've only taken the first inch...we still have
ELEVEN more to go!"  Patty now decide to do some encouragement of her own and
picking up one of the belts, she proceeded to bring it down across colette's
tits right at the nipple line!  colette yelped on pulled away, forcing the huge
cock further up her ass, which caused he to wince.  "Hey, I think this will be
fun." said the big white guy as he picked up his belt.  His stroke stuck colette
across the tummy with the same result.  Now, Patty and both of the other guys
started raining blows on colette's front from here shoulders to her knees, with
particular interest in her tits, crotch, and belly.  Soon, colette forgot about
the pain of the spear in her ass and began humping up-and-down on this huge
black dick just to get it over with.  Having had a great deal of practice, the
black guy held out for almost twenty minutes before shooting his load.  Pulling
out of her ass, he forced colette to lick off the rubber first and then his
cock.

Patty thanked the guys for their help and sent them on their way leaving colette
to get dressed.  When colette came to the counter, she looked really beat...her
lips were puffy, her ass sore and all of her visible skin above her knees was
still pink.  Putting the items in a bag, Patty asks "Where would you like me to
send the bill?"  Stunned, colette asks, "Bill, what bill?  I thought I just paid
this in full."  "Oh, no, no, no...all you did was convince me to allow you to
leave with the merchandise" Patty said with a laugh.  her spirit broken, colette
gives Patty her address and begins to pick up the packages, Patty says "Oh,
there is one more thing" as she forces colette down on her knees again.  "Now
open wide" she says as she brings out the first rubber.  She cuts off the knot
and begins to pour its slimy contents into colette's mouth.  "Now DON'T
swallow!" she adds, as she does the same with the second on the third.  "You
must keep this in your mouth until you reach your car...then you are to swallow! 
And don't think about cheating as one of the guys is waiting at your car to
check!" she adds.  Looking at colette's bloated cheeks, she finishes with "Thank
you for shopping with us and DO return real soon...Have a nice day."  Patty
walks away unable to contain her laughter anymore as colette picks up her
packages and walks out.  As soon as colette leaves, Patty picks up the phone and
calls you, describing every event in great detail, including the fact that no
one is actually waiting at colette's car!

When colette arrives home, you make her describe and recreate the evening's
events.  You enjoy her fashion show and after cumming for the third time, you
fill her mouth with the cum a order her to walk around the backyard naked three
times without losing a drop.  When colette is finished, you order her to
swallow, to shower and to join you in bed.  As you hear the water running you
drift off to sleep wondering what the next day will bring....




Colette's  Punishment

Chapter 3

colette has been pretty compliant throughout the week and except for the "paces"
that you've put her through, she hasn't needed any punishment.

It's now Friday morning and you awaken before colette, you lay out her clothes
and decide to wake her by placing your cock in her mouth.  Not knowing what was
happening, colette gags at first and then settles into a steady rhythm, getting
you off in about ten minutes and dutifully swallowing your cum.  You send her to
the shower, anxious to put your punishment plan into action.

When she re-enters the bedroom, you show her today's outfit, consisting of:  the
short, tight skirt, sleeveless, deep v-neck sweater and half-jacket from
Frederick's; a black lace, 1/2 cup, pushup bra that doesn't cover her nipples,
and will push her tits up and together, drastically emphasizing her ample
cleavage in the low-cut sweater;  black seamed stockings;  a black lace garter
belt;  and black 5" heels.  As she dresses, you explain that she has earned a
punishment weekend for her atrocious behavior on Monday and that the punishment
will start with the outfit.  Explaining that she must remove the jacket (and not
put it on for any reason) when she reaches her office, you add "and just think,
today is casual Friday...everyone else will be dressed down which will make you
and your outfit even more noticeable..."  Once colette is dressed you tell her
to slide the waistband of her skirt up 2" inches to shorten the hemline and you
adjust her tits so that her cleavage would be noticeable even from a far
distance.  You finish your instructions with, "...ask everyone who comments on,
or stares at, your outfit what they like and dislike about it - takes notes, do
not use the ladies room after your noon masturbation session, do not remove you
shoes, and be home at 5 o'clock sharp."  With that, you kiss her and sent her on
her way.

Later in the morning you call to remind her of her upcoming fate and refer to
her as 'slut' to reinforce her position.  You ask about the responses that she
has received from her coworkers.  Most from the other women were negative saying
that she was showing too much, etc.  Most of the men however were very positive
and she even received some whistles and catcalls when she went to the mailroom
(next to the dock) to make copies.  You remind her of her instructions and add
this, "as soon as you finish playing with yourself, you are to go back to the
mailroom and have 'problems' with the copier.  Make sure that you get help from
at least two of the guys that whistled and be sure to bend and squat a lot
giving them ample views of your legs, ass, pussy, and tits.  You will thank them
for every compliment and comment, no matter how crude or suggestive and if any
of them is bold enough to touch or rub against you, you must thank them by
taking their hand and rubbing it over your tits, pussy and ass."  Snickering,
you hang up.

Later in the afternoon, you call again and find out that colette is very popular
in the mailroom and that once the guys figured out what was going on she was
felt up by five of them for over 45 minutes.  "The next time, you just might
have to tell them just how much of a slut you really are...by home at five!" you
say before  hanging up.

colette arrives home at five and you instruct her to pose as she did for the
mailroom guys and, before you allow her to undress, you attach two small locks
to the shoe straps around each ankle telling her that they will remain on all
weekend.  she says  that she doesn't know if she can wear them that long because
her feet and legs already ache.  "Believe me, that will be the least of your
worries by Sunday and, by the way, there will be hell to pay if you get a run in
those stockings!"  you explain.  You have her sit her bare ass & pussy on a
wicker chair as you reemphasize her lowly position and her agreement to accept
ANY punishment.  She agrees, saying "Master, thank you for allowing your lowly
cunt to atone for its sins".  Smiling you order her to fix bacon and eggs for
dinner, adding "stand directly in front of the pan while cooking, do not use a
lid and do not put on your apron...I want to see you flinch each time those
spatters from the bacon hit your beautiful body!"  Shocked, colette complies and
soon she is dancing around in front of the stove as little spatters of hot
grease hit her belly and tits.  When she's through, you notice that she has
several tiny red blotches scattered around the front of her.  Placing the plates
on the table, you take hers and pour it's contents into a dog bowl on the floor,
instructing her to eat with on her knees with her hands behind her back.  While
eating, you explain that because she covered her tits with an illegal bra (C
cup) and her pussy and ass with the smuggled panties that they are the three
areas that will receive the most punishment.

Finishing dinner, you allow her to wash her face and order her to put her makeup
on heavier.  When she returns, you place a collar around her neck and cuffs
around her wrists and ankles.  Next you attach her wrists to her collar along
with a leash and you lead her to the basement.  Once there, she notices blankets
and towels covering many things and when she asks, you explain that they are all
implements of torture and that she will find out about them soon enough. 
Leading her to the longest devise, right in the middle of the room, you pull the
blanket off of a very simple looking devise.  "We'll start with your pussy on
this one."  you say  with a grin.  This device consists of a chrome-plated bar
(with serrations) from an exercise weight set supported about 2 1/2 feet above
the floor by a heavy-duty hydraulic jack bolted at each end of the bar.  Leading
her to it, you have her straddle it, which she easily does as the bar is several
inches below her pussy.  Smiling, you begin to raise the bar using each of the
jacks until the cold steel just touches her pussy.  "OK, this is how this device
works...first I continue to raise it until you are balancing on your toes trying
to keep your 210 pounds off of your pussy...then I sit back and watch the fun.",
you finish with a chuckle.  Then you remove the leash from her collar and attach
one end to a beam in the ceiling and the other to each of her wrist cuffs which
have been removed from the collar as well.  Admiring your slave, you slowly
begin jacking each end, putting more and more pressure on slut's pussy.  You
stop when you notice her straining her arms and toes to keep her weigh away from
her pussy.  Now you put a blindfold on her and go about readying the next
device.  After hearing a few yips from cunt, you return to a seat right in front
of her.  she is now struggling quite intensely and her legs are beginning to
shake as she slowly allows her weight to momentarily rest on the nasty bar. 
Groaning loudly, she pulls herself off the bar again, only to settle back with
even more weight in a very short time.  She keeps this up for almost 15 minutes,
until thoroughly fatigued, she lets all of her weight rest on her pussy. 
Grimacing in pain, you ask how she feels.  "All of my muscles ache and my pussy
is really sore...and besides that I really have to pee.  You tell her "That's
exactly the result I wanted", as you give each jack a few more pumps.  Now, with
just the very tips of her toes touching the floor, you say, as you place a
bucket under her, "you only have a few more minutes before we move on, and
"tough" about having to piss...you can hold it!"  Then you stand in front of her
and pull her towards you to give her a kiss, which causes her clit to be trapped
between her pubic bone and the bar causing her to scream.  Holding her there you
ask, "it really hurts doesn't it, are you sure you want to be my slave?"  
"Yyyyyeeeessss, Mmmaaasssttteeerrr, is all she can get out.  Letting her go, you
suddenly pull her forward again causing her to again scream and to lose her
bladder, peeing and entire afternoons worth of piss into the bucket.

Slowly releasing the pressure in the jacks, you give her a few minutes to regain
her composure as you unhook her hands from the beam and remove the blindfold. 
Helping her step off of the bar you lead her to an old fashioned set of stocks
(like the Pilgrims) used.  Once her head and arms are secured in it, you point
out a modification that you made that allows the part holding her head and arms
to be raised or lowered.  To demonstrate how it works, you begin lowering her
head and arms, bending her at the waist until her head is about three feet above
the floor and her ass is very prominently pushing it's way towards the ceiling. 
Walking behind, you explain that her ass is the next target and, picking up a
yardstick, you proceed to rain approximately 50 slaps to her ass making it a
nice pink color.  Unhappy with the color, you move up to your belt with only
limited success.  Finally, you bring out a supple leather paddle with over a
hundred sharp tacks exposed on the one side.  Slowly, you begin again, eliciting
howls from colette with each slap.  After 50 more, cunt's ass is bright red and
covered with little pinpricks.  Taking a rag soaked in alcohol (you don't want
an infection), you proceed to vigorously rub it into her cheeks causing even
more screams.  Finally you separate her cheeks and your land a few more blows
into this region followed again by the alcohol treatment.

Allowing her to rest, you walk to the other side and begin to fuck her face,
withdrawing just before you cum so that you don't loose any of your edge. 
Allowing colette to sleep (still confined), you disappear for a couple of
minutes to have a snack and a drink.

When you return, you remove colette from the stocks and ask if she has learned
her lesson yet.  Saying yes, she tries to make you feel sorry for her by telling
you that she's had enough!  Explaining that it's only a beginning, you walk her
to a workbench that has two 1x6's attached to each other with threaded rods. 
Attaching her arms back to the collar, you take the leash and tie it to a hook
on the ceiling.  Now standing with her arms practically behind her head and her
leash secured to the overhead beam, you pick up the two boards and, spreading
them apart, you fit one over and one under her tits.  Sliding the boards against
her chest, you pull on her nipples to make sure that each of her soft tits is
between the boards.  Slowly, you tighten the wing nuts forcing the boards closer
together.  With only a few inches left between them you stop.  Feeling that her
tits got off easy, colette smiles.  "I'm sure you think I'm finished...but I'm
not", you say with a devilish gleam in your eyes.

You turn around and retrieve two very nasty looking clips and attach one to each
nipple.  From the end of each clip you hang a 1/2 pound weight causing colette
to squeal, and explain that you just wanted to make sure her tits stayed in
place.  With that, you begin tightening the wing nuts again.  With only about an
inch left between the boards (amazed that those C cups could be squashed that
thin), you look at colette's contorted face as she lets out a guttural howl. 
"Now that's not all that bad, is it?" you say, mocking her.  "I think thirty
minutes should be enough."  Again, you blindfold her and sit down to watch her
squirm around, trying to find some relief for her aching tits.  What you
"forgot" to tell her was that you are going to lift each weight above her nipple
line and then drop it at five minute intervals.  After the first 'drop', you
become annoyed with her screams and begging for mercy, and fit her with a 6"
penis gag.  You then continue, in peace-and-quiet, for the remaining 25 minutes.

With her covered in sweat, you figure that she's had enough and ask if she wants
the boards removed.  Shaking her head emphatically, she suddenly pales when you
tell her that all she has to do is to drink her piss!  Swinging her head
side-to-side, she manages to get out a muffled 'no' from behind the gag. 
Smiling inwardly, you again pick up and drop the weights, saying, "When you are
ready, nod your head yes...I have ALL night."  You begin dropping the weights in
one-minute intervals and after five minutes, you see colette's head slowly begin
to nod up-and-down.  To make sure that she won't back out, you continue for two
more minutes before stopping!


Your remove the gag and ask if she's ready while reminding her that she agreed
to any punishment.  She agrees as you pour the 6 ounces from the bucket into a
glass.  You place one end of a straw into the glass and the other in her mouth. 
When she hesitates, you pickup one weight and practically throw it towards the
ground causing a deep, shooting pain though her entire tit.  Drinking now in
earnest, she finishes in less than a minute.

Gently, you remove the clips, allowing the blood to flow back into her nipples
causing her renewed pain, then you slowly loosen the nuts on the boards.  Once
free, colette says that her body has never been this sore or excited!

You walk her upstairs, remove her collar and shoes and allow her to shower. 
When she is finished, you hand her a clean pair of stockings and her shoes,
reminding her that they must be worn ALL weekend.  Reluctantly, colette puts the
garter, stockings, and shoes back on her aching feet and you reattach the locks. 
Then you order her to bed and tell her that she will be very sorry if she
doesn't give you the best fuck and suck of your life!  Being extremely horny,
colette dives right in and after a couple of hours of great fucks and sucks you
allow colette to have an orgasm.  Shortly after, you both fall into a deep
sleep.




                                Colette's Punishment
                                  Part four

It is Saturday morning. I walk into the bedroom and c is lying on the bed still
asleep. The covers have fallen off of her naked body. I walked over beside her
and reached down and grabbed her nipple and pinched and twisted it. She sat bolt
upright with a howl. Why did you do that she asked? One because I felt like it
and second because it is time you got your ass out of bed. Get up and go shower.
She heads for the closet. Stop! I yell what are you doing? Getting some clothes.
Did I tell you to get clothes? No. You get showered and when you come out your
clothes will be on the stool in front of the mirror. You will fix your hair and
make up so you will be a walking advertisement for Whore. I will be in the
kitchen and when you are finished join me for inspection. Oh and by the way
don't take forever.

I am surprised at the speed at which she arrives in the kitchen and stands
before me. OK lets see what we have. Very good your hair and make up leave no
doubt as to what you are. The blouse is better than I expected it looks more
like a tan than fabric I am sure the person looking at you will soon lose any
idea you are clothed. Now turn around and let me see the bottom. I gave her a
green pair if hot pants a size to small and the effect was superb. They fit her
like a second skin. Ok I said lets go. I do hope you reviewed your contract. She
didn't answer that nor did she ask the question I knew was in her mind. We
pulled out of the drive way and headed west.

As we approached Bill's house I called him on the cell phone and let it ring
twice or preset signal. I pulled in just as Bill was coming out with Mara his
wife and Liz her daughter. Mara was wearing a black see thru mini dress and her
amole breasts were pushing at the material and her daughter a redhead was
wearing white see thru. Bill and the girls approached the car. He introduced M
and L to c. He told them to get in and that they would be spending the day with
us and that he would join us as soon as he could. I said Bill as an added
incentive I have a surprise I want to spring but I need all of us together first
and I am sure you will be delighted when you hear it We drive off.

I pull into the parking lot outside a private club and tell the girls to get
out. They exit the car and we enter the building. They notice a rather large man
standing inside the door but say nothing. I direct c to go stand at one end of
the bar and order a drink. I take the other two and move to a place where I can
have a good view of anything that happens with out scaring off any player. I
don't have to wait long. A burly fellow walks up behind c and takes a look at
her. He is quite evidently enjoying the way the shorts flow over c's ass flowing
from check to cheek and outlining the crack. He grabs her shoulder and turns her
around and checks and sure enough there is the perfect outline of her pussy
lips. He spins her back and pushes himself against her. He reaches around and
starts to fondle her tits. As he does his manhood starts to come to life I am
intently watching c for any signs. None yet. Her new friend slips his hand
inside her shorts and fumbles around a little. Walla out comes the blouse and he
reaches under and is now playing with her bare titties. Now I see a look of
surprise on c's face. This should be interesting.

The fellow now removes c's blouse and shorts and spins her around and says OK
bitch it is time for you to suck my cock. She kneels dutifully in front of him,
undoes his zipper and takes out his tool. I now know what the look was for. He
hangs a thirteen-inch prick and as fat a one as I have ever seen c takes it in
her mouth and starts to suck. At this point another man walks up and whips out
his cock and shoves it up c ass. She grunts, as this one too is rather large.
Both guys reach climax at about the same time. The guy in her mouth grabbed her
head and shoved his cock all the way down her throat. C swallowed his entire
offering. Satisfied the guys went to the bar for a drink, c starts to get up but
is caught from behind and knocked to the floor and spun on her back. A well-hung
black man mounts her for his ride. While this is going on a lady walks up
removes her skirt and sits on c's face. C with out a hitch starts to eat the
newcomer lapping, licking and slurping away she then drives her tongue way up
into the visiting pussy, The owner swoons as she lets loose a torrent of cum and
c drinks it all up. The black fellow also lets loose his juice climbs off ands
tells c to lick him clean which she does.c returns to me and says" Master I must
have pleased them as they have let me keep my close. Have I pleased you master?"
For now c for now. It will soon be time for our guests to perform and when it is
I want you to let your friends know that they are mother and daughter. Why
master if I may ask? Because they have special liking for a team. And even you
might enjoy watching that show. What about Bill master? His only concern will be
he missed it. I have his full permission to do anything I want to or with the
girls.




Colette's Punishment
    
Chapter Five


Colette returns to the group and says " I did well master. They let me put my
clothes on". Well the only problem with that is I didn't give you permission.
Colette drops her eyes. I say g to C and Liz. Go to that table over there and
wait for me. I look at Mara and she has that knowing look in her eyes that it is
her turn. I join the girls and sit Liz so she can watch her mother work out. A
giant of a black man enters and goes up behind Mara. Whispers permeate the room
as the woman look at this black Adonis. Every part of his body that is visible
is perfectly symmetrical. And his body ripples as he moves. He is now close
behind Mara now and he places his hands around her waist and gives her a gentle
kiss on the neck. His hands roam up and down and across her midriff. He never
gets too close to her sex organs. Across her stomach from just below the
breasts, to just above the pubis. He continually kisses her neck and darts his
tongue in and out of her ear.

Liz decides she wants out and bolts for the door. As she reaches it our burly
friend from earlier is blocking the way. They exchange words and Liz in
frustration swings her foot in an attempt to kick the man. He deftly blocks her
kick and swings his open hand and slaps Liz across the face. She stands there in
astonishment looking with hatred at the doorman. His right hand shoots out and
grabs Liz's dress and rips it from her body. At the same time he grabs her
shoulder and twists her around placing a boot on her ass he shoves her into the
center of the room. Mara tells Liz "co-operate Liz you can not stop what is
happening". Colette takes the cue and says to Liz hey listen to your mom. You
can almost her the heads snapping to look at the person next to them.

Two guys grab Liz by the arms and say "your mom huh". " Well then we think you
should pay homage to the place off your birth". They drag her in front of Mara
and one hits her behind her legs dropping her to her knees as the second pushes
her face into Mara's crotch. Now eat bitch they yell. Mara touches Liz's hair
and tells her it is all right as she has no choice. Liz tentatively starts to
eat her mothers love spot. I tell Colette to go and start eating Liz. Lets see
if we can make her work better. Colette lies on her back and slips between Liz's
legs and starts to tongue and lick Liz. Mara is moaning but we can't tell if it
is Liz or her guest that is the cause. All the time this has been going on he
has just kept enjoying himself. He had run his hands up to Mara's shoulders and
slipped the dress down to her waist and was roaming those 40 D almost DD
breasts.   He manipulated the nipples as he watched Liz and Colette at their
tasks.

Just then Bill walked in. Hi Jim I see you have all the girls working. I say
yes. I bring him up to date on the earlier happenings. Damn I wish I had been
here. Say my dick is a little hard I need some service. Colette is only busy
with her tongue you can use the rest as you see fit. He goes over and removes
Colette's shorts and proceeds to relieve his inner tensions. Buy this time the
moans from Mara and Liz are growing, as is Colette's. One by one they climax
Mara first. Then Liz ands last but far from least Colette. Bill is fucking away
and he shoots his load into Colette. Relieved a little now he returns to the
table. Colette follows him. Mara's guest pushes her head down onto his now very
turgid cock. Suck it bitch he says. Suck it she does with fervor. I walk over
and drive my cock into Mara and quickly cum. I return and say to Bill I think I
watched too long. Over on the other side of the room two guys and one girl are
using Liz. One guy in each of her holes. And the    girl sitting on her face.
Several hours of fun finally ended.

Bill says to me you said you had something to tell us. So I did. Well I own part
of this place so we may use it at any time. I have something to show all of you
now so get the girls. I lead the group around the outside of the building. I
stop at a door and insert the key. This belongs to us Bill. You and I are the
only ones with keys. I unlock the door and let it swing open. The five of us
step in. Colette looks amused. Mara a bit nervous and Liz terrified. Welcome to
our dungeon. The walls are lined with cats and whips. Cuffs and other like
devises. There are racks, horses, kneelers and benches and in one corner what
appears to be a rather large closed off area. Hey Jim Bill calls what do you
have over here. I will tell you later. And maybe we will even let the readers
know. Maybe!




Colette's Punishment
    
Chapter Six

The Dungeon

 Colette and I are sitting in our car in the back of the bar. We are waiting for
Bill and the girls to arrive. Colette is wearing a black mini skirt and a crisp
white blouse. Both items are a size to small. The A/C has caused Colette's
nipples to become rock hard. I look as a car enters the lot. It is Bills car
with the girls in it. Mara is wearing a light mini dress also a size to small.
Liz is wearing a frilly summer dress. Colette and I leave the car and greet Bill
and Mara and Liz. After a cordial chat we head for the rear of the bar. Bill
stops the girls a little way from the door. I enter the code in the electronic
door lock, push it open and reach in and turn on the lights. Bill brings the
girls up and we enter. The dungeon is sound proof with no windows. I take Bill
aside and suggest we start with Liz. OK he says and we lead her over to two
poles mounted floor to ceiling. We remove her clothes and tie her to the poles.
Her legs are spread far apart her arms over her head. I throw a switch and her
arms are pulled up way over her head. Next we take Mara and lay her on a table
that has a web netting spread over it. We adjust her breasts so they are
protruding between the webbing. I reach under the table and throw another
switch. The webbing wraps around her legs. Once that finishes the webbing lifts
her from the table about ten feet in the air. She is suspended with tits hanging
down and her pussy is in plain sight. I press one more switch and a huge dildo
comes out from behind her and seats itself in her vagina. After several seconds
the dildo starts a rhythmic motion in and out.

 Our next move is to strip Colette and lead her to a second set of bars. I take
out two sets of wrist and leg cuffs and give one each to Bill. He straps them on
her left arm and leg while I do likewise to her right side. I then reach down
and attach a clip to her clitoris. I lead Bill back to a table behind a wheel
like device. Again there are switches three this time. I throw the first and the
wheel begins to spin, the centrifugal force causes paddles to protrude from the
wheel. They whirl just out of reach of Colette's ass. I throw the second button
and the paddles now move out and the first strikes Colette. She immediately
thrusts forward and the paddles whirl past I through the last switch and a jolt
of electricity hits her clit. She bucks backward and a paddle gets her. Bill
asks how it works. I explain that between each paddle there is an electric eye.
It sends a signal to a transformer that in turn sends out the jolt. The two
fellows I introduced you two after the bar fun are electrical engineers. I told
them my ideas and they did the rest.

 Liz is watching a Colette and Mara being done by the invisible hands. Bill and
I now go over to take care of her. I take two surgical steel safety pins and
attach them thru Liz's pussy lips and attach them to her leg leaving her inner
area wide open. I take a bullwhip from the wall and Bill gets a paddle. I swing
the whip and snap it hits her clit at is furthest point. At the same time Bill
lashes across her ass with the paddle she lets out a scream. Bill and I continue
this treatment until she swoons from the pain. Now we go over and we each get a
flogger and stand below Mara and punish her hanging tits. Before we leave her we
attach weights to her breasts.

We Free Colette and tie her over a horse and begin lashing her ass with the cats
she is crying and begging us to stop. I continue as Bill moves around and make
her take his manhood into her mouth. Considering the treatment she was getting
she did a rather good job and he came in short order. I said to Bill her ass is
bleeding I think we need to do something about that. I present a bottle and pour
a solution of vinegar and salt over her open wounds. She lets out a horrible
scream.

As we looked over to Liz she also had swooned I guess from the punishment that
she had to withstand. Well I said to Bill what do you think of it. He said I
like it we never have to leave one of the girls alone as we work on the other. I
guess we better take a rest until they recover enough to continue.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  James


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





