BDSM Library - Short Stories by Carbilz




Short Stories by Carbilz
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A couple stories by Carbilz. Lucky Brad: Brad's worst co-worker is now his boss he will humiliate Brad any way he can. Jan Likes Being a Slut: Jan can get used to Bill using her no matter who finds out.
LUCKY BRAD
By Carbilz

Brad Anderson may be the luckiest man alive. He has a great job,
only 3 more years to retirement, a beautiful wife and 2 wonderful
daughters 10 & 12. However things are rarely the way they seem. Bill
Johnson, Brad's biggest rival has just been promoted to Division
head of Brad's Division. Brad had felt the job was surely his as he
had been at Terrance Tool & Die for 27 years. Bill had only been
there 5 years and was 15 years Brads junior. Brad thought about the
time he had told Bill one day he would have Mr Lyle's job, then
things would change(meaning BILL).

When Brad got home that evening Jan had cooked Duck, (Brad's
favorite) to celibrate Brads promotion. Brad hated to disapoint Jan
but knew he may as well tell her now. He told her that Bill had
gotten the job and was in fear that he would lose his job and 27 yrs
service as the Co. had no partial retirement plan. Jan told Brad not
to worry because he was still very valuable to the Co. Sure that he
was over reacting he enjoyed his lovley wife's cooking. Later that
night he kissed the girls goodnight and told them to behave at
grammys house. for the last 3 summers they spent 2 mo. there.They
looked forward to it all year and the time was finally here. Jan
would take them to the Train Station mid day tomorrow.

The next morning when Brad went to work things had already started
to change. Old Mrs Wilson was missing, in her place was a very
pretty young receptionist, Lisa. She seemed nice enough but couldn't
type a lick. Bill had Brad do everyones typing for them. Brad was
humiliated but knew he could take just about any thing for 3 more
yrs. Things went from bad to worse, Bill was always yelling at Brad
in front of everyone. Then Brad and Lisa had a huge fight and Lisa
quit. BIll was furious, how could he replace her the big wigs were
coming to town on Monday. He called a meeting of all the staff and
asked for sugestions. Tom said maybe someones wife could fill in
untill they found a replacement. Neil said who's wife. Bill chimed
in Brad's of course he is the one who made Lisa quit. " she won"t do
it" quipped Brad. "She does or you're fired". Bill was'nt expecting
this."Have her here Monday morning". Brad knew he had been beat he
said OK.

Jan was not at all happy. Monday morning came and they got ready for
work. I don't have a lot of nice clothes for an office. Brad said
thats OK it is only a short time.

When they arrived at work everyone was pleased to see the lovley Jan
who could also type and take dictation. the first seemed uneventful
untill the end of the day. Bill called jan into his office, he told
her what a good job she had done, but he thought he was still going
to can Brad."Please" "I'll do anything". Bill thought for a moment
then said tomorrow come to work wearing this and he handed her a
box. She said she would without looking at the box.

When they they got home She told Brad about what had happened. He
was devastiated, what could they do. they decided that they could do
anything for 3 yrs. so they would retire as planned.

The next morning Jan took her shower and Put on the Dress that was
in the box. It was a little short and very sheer, there was also a
pair of red thong panties.Bill had forgotten a bra and a slip but
she had plenty of those. Even with the slip in the right light you
could see the panties. No big deal the office was not well lit as
long as she stayed away from the windows she would be al right. when
they got to the office the whole place had moved around, there were
name tags on the desks. Of course Jans desk was in front of a whole
of windows.

Bill called Jan to his office "did you wear the whole outfit".
"Yes". BIll noted that the dress looked less sheer than he
remembered."You wore a slip didn't you and a bra too". "Yes of
course I'm not a slut". Bill told her to remove the bra and slip or
pack brads desk and leave. She started for the door, "where do you
think you are going". "To the ladies room I guess you win". Bill
told her to remove them in his office and never to question him
again. Fighting back tears she pulled the slip from under the dress.
Bill said you must learn not question my wishes "take the dress off
then remove the bra" she removed the dress he picked it up and held
it to the light as she removed her bra. "KNOCK" Bill said come in
with Jan standing in only her thong panties and Bill now holding all
her clothes. Tom was stunned!! "Yes" said Bill as if nothing was out
of the ordinary. "Just wanted see if you had lunch plans" Bill said
not today. "Put this back on" he threw her the dress. she quickly
dressed and left.

Back at her desk she knew all could see through the dress and Tom
had told about Bill's office. Brad had expected this and just sat
there as his co workers found ways for his wife to be in front of
the windows. her breasts and ass were plainly visable they were both
humiliated. At the end of the day Bill called Jan into his office
and gave her out fit for tommorow. She looked in the box and it was
a very sheer slip that was about 3" below her ass. she was
mortified. how can i wear this and were are the panties" Bill just
smiled I dont think you have a choice and there are no panties. She
left in tears.

The next day Brad pleaded with her not to wear that but she said "I
have to". When they got to the office all the guys were making cat
calls when she walked in front of the windows she may as well have
been nude. At 11:30 Bill called her into his office. she left the
door open (a mistake she will regret) Bill told her that since Lisa
was no longer there he needed her to suck his cock. She was going to
argue but knew in the end he would win. she got on her knees,
forgetting that she had left the door open. he told her to take the
dress off she did as told. she was kneeling there naked when Bill
pulled out the biggest, fattest cock she had ever seen. Bill took
out a camera and told her to smile as before she knew he would win
so she smiled as he took pics of her sucking his cock. Just as he
was cumming he pulled out and shot all over her tits. She was a
gooey mess Bill told her to stay like that the rest of the day. She
smiled and went to get the dress. Bill said leave that here you will
be nude at all times from now on at the office.

As Jan walked back to her desk covered in drying cum and as naked as
the day she was born, you could have heard a pin drop(if Brad had
not been wimpering like a baby) Bill came out with his his camera
and asked if any one wanted to FUCK this slut. Tom was first he bent
her over Brads desk and rammed his big cock in her tight little
hole. Neil went around front and shoved his cock in her face. Jan
greedily sucked it as Bill took pics.This went on for the rest of
the day.  Bill gave her the slip back and told her to take the bus
home. She did as told but that is another story.



                        CARBILZ








                    JAN LIKES BEING A SLUT
                       ( YW1058 PART 2 )
                          By Carbilz


The first week at Brad's office was more than the Andersons wildest
nightmares. Brad had seen his quiet wife used and humiliated by his
boss and co-workers. They have all seen her naked, they have all
fucked her and she has sucked all thier cocks(she never did this for
Brad). They were confused. they spent all weekend thinking about it.
Should they move or quit work. After hours of discussion,Brad said
he wanted to quit his job. He pointed out that they never saw his
co-workers except at work.Jan had heard enough! She TOLD Brad to
quit whinning. She had no intention of quiting her new job. She said
it was the best job she had ever had.

With that being settled,Brad started crying.Jan slapped him hard on
the face and told him to stop acting like a baby. she told him that
there were going to be some new rules around this house. She would
do whatever BILL wanted and he would do whatever She wanted. That
was end of the conversation.

Monday as they showered and got ready for work Jan shaved her tight
wet cunt as bald as a baby's ass. She put baby oil on her sexy body
then put on her coat and told Brad to hurry up. Brad asked her where
her dress was? "Bill wants me nude at all times". she told brad to
get used to seeing her this way but not to get too excited because
he was never going to fuck her again with that little dick of his.

When they got to work Jan took off her coat and hung it on the rack.
She walked wearing only heels to her desk and started her work.
Tom,Neil and joe were smiling they knew life was good. Bill called
Jan into his office. I see you did as i told you. how does it feel
to be nude and hairless in front of us? "I am sooooo wet ineed a
towel". Good. Go type the report on the Henderson plant.

She worked just like a regular secretary ex cept she was nude all
the time. The guys would fuck her anytime they wanted as long as it
was in front of everyone present. She learned to love sucking cock.
life was good. Brad started to like watching his wife with his
co-workers.

The 4th of july weekend was comming up. The Andersons always had the
neighborhood cookout at their house. Brad was excited, he loved to
grill. This year they had invited Bob and Sue who lived next
door,Jim and Ann from across the street and Brad's brother Fred and
his wife Karen. The day of the cookout Brad said we have a lot of
extra steaks. Jan said I invited the guys from work.

It was a great day 97 degrees and sunny. Fred and Karen were laying
out by the pool when Bob and Sue walked through the gate. Jim and
Ann were only a few minutes behind. Ann and Karen had chosen one
piece suits that covered all the good stuff,Sue wore a two piece but
was still well covered. Bill,Tom,Neil and Joe rode together they
came without thier wives.

Jan came out of the house nude you could have heard a pin drop! She
explained I am my co-workers slut I must be nude whenever they are
present.Bob and Jim couldn't belive thier luck thier beautiful
neighbor was starkers in front of them. Ann and Sue never liked
Jan,sue took out her digital cam and Ann started videoing. Fred and
Karen could not belive Jan was nude after about 20 min everyone got
used to the naked slut. They ate and drank till all were very drunk.
As she was bringing Bill a drink Jan tripped and spilled it on him.
He told her she had been bad and needed to be spanked.

He tied her over the picnic table and spread her legs so her wet
lips showed to all.he had all the guests line up an each give 5
swats. then he said it was time to fuck the slut Bob and Jim were
1st in line Fred almost came right then. Bob slid his trunks down
and put his fat cock in Jans wet pussy Bill said not pull out but to
cum inside her. Jim slid his cock in next after 5 minutes he tookhis
cock out and put it in her tight ass she screamed with joy and pain
as he withdrew his long cock Ann put a second tape in the video
camera. Fred stepped up and took out the biggest cock they had ever
seen, he looked at Brad and said she will never  be the same after
this. He slowly slid the giant peice of manhood in her sloppy cunt
he came quickly but she felt like she had just given birth. Tom
fucked her ass while she sucked Bills cock and swallowed every drop.
Neil and Joe took thier spots.

After every one had thier way Jan was cut loose. Ann was talking to
Bill then Bill told Jan she was going to be the entertainment for
Ann and Jims party next month. he also told her that he wanted
everone she knew to know she was a slut and would send copies of the
tape to everyone she knew. She told him she would make the list of
names.



                          CARBILZ




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  CARBILZ


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





