BDSM Library - A College Student's House Call Appointment




A College Student's House Call Appointment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young male is examined by a male doctor in his dorm room at college.  The doctor gets away with sexual acts that he normally wouldn't be able to do.
A College Student's House Call Appointment

   Setting: A college student's dorm room.  Dorm room is equipped with has a
private bathroom, a desk, a dresser, bed, couch, and television.  Just imagine a
hotel room but quite a bit smaller.  Student is male and is 19 year of age;
doctor is male and is 34 years of age.  Story is in first person.  This story is
designed for those that are interested in medical fetish or medical
role-playing.
  
   Story:
  
   I remember as if it was yesterday.  They date was April 17th, 2001.  It was a
Tuesday afternoon and I wasn't feeling the best.  I knew of a doctor that made
house calls, so I decided to make a call and see if he could come check on me. 
Besides, it saved me a trip from having to go clear across town for the
appointment.  It was about 2pm when I called Dr. Russ.  He said that he was
available anytime after 4:30pm, so I told him to come over around 5pm.  The nice
thing was that I don't have any roommates to worry about getting in the way of
things.
  
   About 5pm there was a knock on the door.  A gentleman in his mid thirties
came in carrying a black briefcase in one hand, and a long case in the other
hand.  The case itself looked to be about 4 ft long, but 6 inches thick, by
about 2 feet wide.  I had no idea what this was, but I knew I would find this
out later.
  
   The doctor introduced himself to me as Dr. Russ.  He asked me what's the
problem was.  I said "I've been having stomach aches all day."  He asked me if I
had a bathrobe, I told him that I did.  He told me to go into the bathroom,
remove all of my clothing, and put my bathrobe on, but instead of tying it in
the front, that I was to tie it in the back.  I thought this was a little weird,
but then I figured most doctors like to have their patients wearing the hospital
gown with the opening in the back.  I pulled my t-shirt up and over my head, and
then I unbuttoned my jeans, slid them down and off my legs, pulled my socks off,
and grabbed the gown.  I figured since I was a more the less of a shy person
that I was going to leave my boxers on.  I know the doctor stated he wanted me
to completely undress, but I figured this was ok.
  
   I left my clothes in a pile in the corner of the bathroom, opened the
bathroom door, and walked out.  As I walked back out, I noticed that there was a
new object in my room.  It was an exam table, but not an ordinary exam table. 
This table sat about 3 feet high, had 8 wooden legs holding it up, about 8 feet
long, and 2 feet wide.  At the end was a set of stirrups also.  I thought to
myself that this was going to be a completely different experience for me.
  
   I walked over and stood next to the table.  Standing there with my blue
bathroom tied in the back, and my boxers on underneath.  Dr. Russ said, "Well,
let's say we get started with the exam.  We'll start with the usual
measurements, vital signs, and such."  I said, "OK, what do you want me to do?" 
He grabbed a tape measure and tried to get my height.  I thought, "Good thing
he's slightly taller than me..." After he noted my height as 5ft 11in.  He
pointed to the scale on the floor and asked me step onto it.  After a few
seconds, he noted 220 pounds.  "Slightly overweight," he commented.  He then had
me sit on the edge of the exam table while he took my blood pressure, checked my
eyes, nose, throat, ears, and all that stuff.  He then grabbed an oral
thermometer and told me to open up.  After a few moments, he noted my
temperature at 198.4, and then felt my forehead.  "This can't be accurate, but
we'll check on that later..." he stated.  However, he cut me off before I had a
chance to ask what he meant.  However, I kept on trying to ask him, and finally
he broke in and said, "look, for the exam, I set the rules, and if you do not
behave, or you keep trying to ask me questions, I will punish you accordingly."
  
   Next, the doctor had me lay down on my back on the able.  He started feeling
my ribcage and stomach and asking me where the pain was.  After a few moments, I
told him where it was kind of hurting.  He had me sit back up and he reached
behind me and pulled the rope to my robe, but he never looked behind me while he
did this, just reached behind, and pulled.  The robe started to fall forward off
of my shoulders and he said for me to just let it fall off.  He told me he
wasn't taking it off all of the way, just low enough to feel my stomach again. 
He then told me to lie back down and felt my stomach again, but this time, he
started to move a little lower.  While he moved lower, he pulled my gown down a
little farther to the point that it was ready to fall off.  At this point, he
decided to just let it fall off.  That's when he noticed I still had my boxers
on.
  
   He looked down at me and told me that I was to be completely nude under my
gown.  I told him that I was kind of shy and didn't want to be completely nude. 
At this time, he told me to get off of the table and stand up.  He told me for
the first offense, that I was going to receive a spanking, and that if I
resisted or screamed, the punishment would worsen... 
  
   I got off of the table and stood next to the table...  He told me to pull
down my boxers and step out of them.  I said back to him "Is there anything I
could cover up with since I am shy about being nude?".  Dr. Russ didn't
respond...  He just stepped in front of me, grabbed my boxers at the waistbands,
and ripped them down my legs.  He told me to step out of them.  He then sat down
on a wooden chair that I had in my room that didn't have any arms on it.   He
instructed me to come over and lay down across his lap.  He said if I didn't,
that I would be punished more, and that I wouldn't like the ideas he had for
punishments.
  
   Therefore, I carefully laid down across his lap with my bare butt in the air. 
He started to spank my butt, and after about the fifth smack, I screamed "OUCH". 
He said that was going to cost me again, so he reached behind him and grabbed a
ping-pong paddle.  He smacked me harder this time, and I screamed again on
accident...  I thought, "DAMN this was hurting...".  This time he just continued
paddling me.  When he got done, he noticed that I had a hard-on pushing into the
side of leg.  Therefore, he made me stand up immediately.  I went to cover it up
with my hands, but he demanded that I keep my hands at my sides.  He reached
into his case and pulled out a condom, and told me to put it on and that I was
not to removed it until otherwise told so.  After I got the condom on, he
instructed me to climb back onto the table, on my knees and elbows with my butt
in the air.

   I got back on the table in the position that he wanted.  I heard him say that
it was time for taking my temperature again.  I saw him grab a long tube out of
his bag.  It must have been about 12 inches in length.  He took out a class
thermometer out of it that was about 11 inches long.  He also pulled out a
little contained of petroleum jelly and lubed the thermometer real well.

   "OK, you may feel some discomfort here, but just relax and it won't hurt," he
said.  Dr. Russ took the thermometer and placed it at the entrance to my anus. 
I felt this and immediately clenched my anus cheeks together.  After a second, I
relaxed and I could feel him pushing it in.  I could feel him trying to position
it in me, but he wasn't getting the depth that he wanted.  After a few tries of
pushing the thermometer out and explained that, he couldn't get it in where he
wanted it.  After that, I heard him slap on a pair of latex gloves, and lubed
his index and middle fingers.  Then I felt a finger at the entrance to my anus. 
He said relax and it won't hurt.  As soon as I relaxed, I felt his finger push
into my anus.  This hurt a lot.  However, I noticed that my ranging hard-on was
still there.  I wasn't sure if I was enjoying this, or if this was an
involuntary action.  After he had his finger in me for a few moments, he pulled
it out, and said that I was completely packed, and would need to be cleaned out
by a series of enemas.  I immediately told him that no way in hell was he going
to give me an enema.  He turned around and said that I just got myself another
punishment session, but instead of spanking me, that the enemas were going to be
enough of a punishment for this.
  
   He told me not to move, and grabbed a few items from his bag and went to the
bathroom.  I heard some water running, and I saw him carrying 4 little fleet
enema bottles back with him.  He said I was to receive about 4 enemas, each with
a little more water, and each a little longer.  I next felt the rubber end of
the fleet enema against my anus and it pushed it's way in.  A second later, I
felt the water push into me.  Then I felt the second fleet enema, and the third,
and the forth.  After the forth fleet enema, he told me to hold this for about 5
minutes or so.
  
   I noticed while I was still holding this in me that my erection was still
ranging hard.  He noticed this too, and got down behind me and looked closely at
my erection from behind.  He reached forward and massaged the backside of my
balls a little.  Said he had to feel them for any bumps or signs of cancer. 
This didn't help my erection at all.  Actually after about a minute of him
feeling my falls, I felt the urge to expel the enema, or cum.  Nevertheless, I
wasn't sure what I was really feeling. 
  
   Dr. Russ had me hold the enema for another 4 minutes, and then helped me off
of the table and into the bathroom.  He had me sit on the toilet and expel the
enema.  I felt the water just rush out of me, but I also felt a little more come
out.  After about 5 minutes, he had me get up, and he wiped my anus with a
washcloth, and told me to go get back in my position on the exam table.  I
noticed while I was on the toilet that my erection had subsided a lot.
  
   I heard some water running again, and then he came back carrying a red bag
with a long hose attached.  He said this was going to be a half-gallon, and that
I had to take all of this.  Dr. Russ said I would also have to hold this for at
least 10 minutes.  He slid the hose in me about 6 inches until he felt something
solid.  Then I felt the water running again.  However, this time, with me laying
on my knees and elbows, I could feel the water flushing towards my stomach.  In
about 2 minutes, the bag was empty.  Dr. Russ pulled the hose out, and told me
to hold this.  After about 3 minutes of holding the water, I was feeling some
cramping.  He told me that I would have to hold it for another 7 minutes
minimum.  After another 2 minutes, it really started to hurt.  Therefore, Dr.
Russ grabbed a butt plug out of the case, lubed it, and pushed that into my
anus.  I screamed at it entered, because I wasn't expecting something that size. 
After he inserted the butt plug, he had me roll over and lay on my back.  Then
he started massaging my lower stomach regions to help the enema do it's job and
to help relieve the cramping.  After about 8 or 9 minutes, which seemed forever,
he told me to get up and go to the bathroom again.
  
   This time, he had me squat over the toilet while he pulled out the butt plug. 
It hurt bad enough that I screamed when he pulled it out.  Dr. Russ told me that
he's going to punish me for screaming this time, and screaming when he put it
in, but that would come later at a different time.  As soon as he pulled the
butt plug out, the water just started to rush out of me, so I sat as fast as I
could on the toilet.  It felt like it took forever for everything to come out of
me.  After 10 minutes of sitting, he wiped me and told me to get back on the
table. 
  
   This time he came out with a gallon of water for my cleansing.  He said this
time, I had to take all of it, and hold it for at least 15 minutes.  This time,
he used a large hose.  He pushed it in me, and started the water flow.  After
about 5 minutes, all of the water was in me.  He grabbed a slightly bigger butt
plug and slowly pushed it in me, but this time it really hurt a lot more.  Bad
enough that I screamed and then some water leaked out of me.  Therefore, he
grabbed the butt plug again, and slowly pushed it in again, but did not stop for
any screams or anything.  Therefore, I just bit my tongue and held my breath
while he pushed it in.  He made me stay in this position while I held the enema. 
After 15 minutes of agony, he helped me down and into the bathroom.  While going
to the bathroom, I could feel some of the water dripping out and running down my
leg.  It didn't feel pleasant at all.
  
   It took about 10 minutes to expel the water.  After expelling the water and
everything, I felt cleaned out.  However, after expelling enema, he told me not
to wipe or anything, but instead to go stand in the shower.  I noticed in the
shower that he had a fancy hose connected to the showerhead.  It had a one long
hose coming down to a fancy end that had two tubes.  One had an on-off valve on
it.  Both of the tubes met together, but the second one was much, much shorter,
and looked like it pointed down.
  
   My shower wasn't that big.  It was only really about 2ft by 2ft.  At least it
was a shower.  It had a plastic curtain.  Dr. Russ had the curtain pulled back,
and had me stand with my feel separated at the sides of the shower, so there was
almost 2 feet between my feet.  He had me stand with my feet in the corners
closest to the curtain, and had me lean forward.  He took one hand and pushed
two fingers into my anus.  He then grabbed the tubes with the other hand and
worked them into my anus.  He then put the short tube into the drain, after he
removed the drain cover.  After I felt the hose in my anus, he took some kind of
rope and tied it to the hoses just below my butt, and then tied the robe around
my waist.  I figure this was to help hold the enema in.
  
   Then he turned the water on.  He had water flowing through both hoses for a
few moments.  This way I didn't really feel the water flowing through me much,
but after a few moments, he turned off the one valve and just let the water flow
into me, then after a few moments, he opened the valve again, and I felt the
water coming back out of me.  After about 15 minutes of flushing my system, he
pulled the tubes out of me, and disconnected the hose off of the showerhead.  He
told me to take a quick shower and clean myself up real well.  But before he had
me shower, and reached forward and pulled the condom off of me...  It felt good
to have it off finally.
  
   I took a quick shower, washing my dick, and my anus off real good.  I soaped
my anus real good and got everything clean.  I turned off the warm water, and
grabbed a towel and dried off.  I then walked back out of the bathroom.  He told
me to get back on the table in the same position again.  However, this time, I
was going to have my temperature taken again.  I felt the cold thermometer slide
in.  It seemed like Dr. Russ pushed it in a full 11 inches.  I kind of hurt, but
it wasn't so bad.  After a few moments, he pulled it out and looked at it.  He
said it was slightly elevated.
  
   Then he reached in his case and pulled out what looked like a rubber dildo
with balls.  He took this, lubed it, and pushed it against my anus.  However,
since my anus was already stretched from the butt plugs and the flush tubes, it
slid in pretty easily.  Dr. Russ said he was using a probe to check my anus to
make sure I wasn't getting colon cancer or anything like that.  I noticed that
with him probing my anus that my erection was back again.  This time is was a
raging hard-on.  I knew I wanted to explode, but I didn't want to make a mess or
have Dr. Russ mad at me again.  After about 10 minutes of probing, he pulled out
the dildo and noticed how clean it still was.
  
   After he got done with probing me, he looked between my legs, and noticed I
had an erection.  Dr. Russ said it was time to get a semen sample.  He had me
roll over, and life my rear end down to the end, and put my legs up in the
stirrups that were connected to the end of the table.  I noticed I was
completely exposed and wasn't certain what his plan was for getting my semen
sample.  Dr. Russ had put on a pair of gloved and started to massage my penis. 
However, then he stopped, and grabbed a couple of straps.  He took and strapped
my legs into the stirrups, and then put a strap around my chest and arms and
tied it under the table.  Now he had me completely immobilized.
  
   After he had me strapped down, he stepped back and said, ok, time for your
punishment.  He stepped back, took off his white lab coat, and unbuttoned his
dress shirt.  He then untied his shoes and took them off.  Then he undid his
dress pants, pulled down his pants and boxers, and stood there naked.  Dr. Russ
said, I hope you're ready, because you're going to get your punishment now... 
He also had removed his latex gloves.
  
   Dr. Russ stood down at the end of the exam table, and started to massage my
dick.  I just lay there and looked at him.  I wasn't sure if I was to enjoy
this, or not, but since I was tied, I could move or anything.  While he was
massaging my dick, I noticed his dick was getting hard.  After a few moments, he
leaned forward and started sucking my dick.  Within two minutes of him sucking,
I blew my load.  I was so damn horny, and wanted to cum so bad.  I wasn't
expecting this, but after he had teased my dick with the exam all afternoon, I
just had to cum.  I blew my load...  Shot after shot...  After he got done
sucking me off, he said that I was ready for my main punishment.  He stood back
up, and placed his dick at the end of the table at the opening to my anus.  He
pushed in slowly, and I screwed, because it hurt, but it felt good.  He slid all
the way in, and started to pump me.  After about 20 minutes of him fucking my
anus, he came inside of me.  However, he just kept on pumping his dick in me. 
After a few moments, I realized he was still hard, and I made the mistake of
smiling.  He noticed I smiled and pulled his dick out of me.  Still completely
erected, he grabbed a cloth, wiped his dick off, and walked over by my head.  He
put his dick in front of my mouth, and forced me suck him until he was about to
cum.  Luckily for me, he didn't make me suck him too long.  When he was about to
cum, he just jacked himself off, and squirted his second load all over my
stomach.
  
   After he got done jacking off, he looked at me, and asked if I enjoyed my
exam and punishment.  I told him that I would maybe call him next time I needed
an exam.  However, I noticed that after all of this, that I felt much better. 
Dr. Russ untied me, and helped me up.  He then helped me into the bathroom, and
into the shower.  I took a shower with him watching, and then he showered with
me watching.  After that, told me that my exam was over.  Therefore, I walked
back over, and sat on my couch naked while he packed up everything.  After he
packed everything, he asked me if I enjoyed seeing him naked.  I tried not to
smile, but unfortunately, he saw me smile, and then he noticed my erection was
back.  He got on his knees in front of the couch and sucked off my dick once
more.  Then he got back up and got dressed, and told me that he would be back in
a couple of days to check on my stomachache.
  
   Since then, he has been over to my dorm room once a week to administer his
exams, but without straps.  Instead of him being in his uniform, we are both
completely nude for the entire exam.
  
   THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tim S


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





