BDSM Library - Teaching Her How to Submit




Teaching Her How to Submit
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was trained as a slave to her master and serve her master's guests in the party.
Teaching Her How to Submit

This story is totally fictional; created in my own little perverted brain
for fun and fantasy! (Please don't try this at home) This story is the sole
property of the author, and should not be reproduced, without written
permission by the Author.




                Teaching Her How to Submit by Willowedancer

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------

First Encounter
Part I

I am so very nervous. I have never been with a man before. My juices flow;
I usually get scared and run away. All the while, I really want a man to
show me what to do and how to use my body correctly. But alas, fear wins
out and I run away.

We are lying in bed together, you are on top of me and you begin to whisper
things in my ear that are scaring me and driving me wild at the same time.

"You are so beautiful, and I will teach you slowly and painfully the ways
to please a man," you say.

You continue between my moans and sighs, "You will learn to please me and
nothing else will matter to you. I will humble you and use your body for my
pleasures. I will teach you the art of making love and submitting to your
Master's every whim."

These things make me so wet and hot. You know I am a virgin and am not
versed in the art of making love, nor servitude. Now I am here and under
your control completely.

"You are made to pleasure man and to receive him whenever his desire hits.
You will learn that your needs come second, and pleasing him is the most
important thing of all. You will understand in time that this will bring
you pleasure."

Your words whirl around in my head like time spinning out of control.
Things are surreal and I don't care. As long as I am in your arms nothing
else matters.

"First thing you should understand is that this will hurt you. That I
derive immense pleasure in this and that you will too, in time."

Fear strikes my heart as, as these words register in my mind, and my eyes
open up, to see an evil grin dance across your lips.

"You will learn to like it, and then you will crave it, like a drug you
will beg for the punishments yet to come. First of all, I believe I shall
take your innocence."

With that, you drive your cock into my unused pussy, which has seen nothing
larger than a finger or two. I feel your size enter me with force! The pain
steels away my breath and as you tear my young sex, I feel my hymen rupture
at the force of your throbbing cock. It resigns to your advances as you
enter me wholly.

I cry out, you cover my mouth with the palm of your hand. "Quiet!" you
scold me. "You are always to remain silent, unless you wish me to stop. If
I stop I will walk away and not look back."

That is a fear that I had not considered and the worst punishment my mind
could think of by far. Little did I know then...

You begin to rock your hard body back and forth on my small body, I feel
you filling me and the withdrawing until just the head is inside me. You
are in a rhythm now and it feels as if I will rip in two, but at the same
time, I begin to feel pleasure. I want more and I wrap my legs around you.
This also eases my pain slightly. Tears are running down my cheeks. You
look down at me, kiss my tears, and smile.

"You are doing very well, my dear. However, I do not wish to make you
pregnant." You slip out of me and rub the head against my ass. Your
entering me there has never occurred to me before now. As you push and
probe for the right spot to enter I shake my head and think to myself, "Oh
no, oh no!" But I do not utter a sound. You ease it past the first muscle
and I feel myself fighting this intrusion. The pain shoots through me and I
see stars behind my eyes. I bury my face into your chest and sob. You push
in farther and deeper and I feel muscles relax a bit. That is the sign to
you and you push in all the way. I bite down on your chest, curl my finger
into a fist, and sob as you begin to fuck my ass. Before long, you have a
steady rhythm going and the pain subsides a little but not much. Again, you
whisper to me.

"Oh you are so tight and so hot inside your ass. It feels so good. I am
going to cum in your ass now. Feel my heat."

With that, you feel harder than before and larger too! Then I feel you pump
your sperm into my bowels. I melt, as this is the most incredible feeling I
have ever had, and a wave of pleasure washes over me. "S-S-Something is
happening!" I cry out. I shake my head back and forth and grind my hips
into you. Rushes of pleasure, waves of ecstasy wash over me and I can't
control myself. "Oh yeah, oh yeah," is all I can say.

As the feeling subsides, I look up at you and you chuckle a bit and say, as
you withdraw from me, "That's my girl. You are a little anal slut."

"Wh-what was that?" I stammer as I try to catch my breath.

"Your first of many my dear, your first of many. It was am orgasm. Which I
will allow you to have once you have pleased me well."

"Is that the pleasure you spoke of earlier?"

"That is one of them and the most intense, however you will derive pleasure
from many small things you do for me as well. You will learn that taking
care of my needs as a willing slave, that will bring you many pleasures and
you will learn them all with time."

For weeks, she went through her training. She was whipped several times a
day, and shackled to the wall in the corner of her Master's room to sleep
at night. He always bathed her and moisturized her skin with his favorite
scents. She adored the time he spent on pampering her. As each day passed,
she also noticed that she began to crave the whippings. Those hated
whippings were now not only becoming routine but that she enjoyed them. She
was glad that he whipped her for his pleasure, and not just for
punishments.




The Test
Part II

A month later.

Master has moved Willowe in with him. She is coming along nicely with her
lessons.

"Tonight my dear I am having a little get-together. I want you to wear this
and to serve at my party."

He lays a little French maid's uniform out on the bed. Only it is mostly
just an apron and lace, no underpants and nothing really to cover her top.
She blushes. She has learned to live nude and hasn't worn any clothes to
speak of since the day she submitted herself to him wholly. Now tonight was
a test of her willingness to serve.

"Try it on. I want to see you in it. There are a few accessories that go
with it. He pulls out four leather cuffs and a collar. She slips into the
little apron, pulls the lace top over her head, and sees that her breasts
stick out half way on either side. Her apron is open in the back and her
little bottom is exposed. The hem of the skirt comes only to the bottom
edge of her pubic area, which is shaved clean. She somehow feels more
exposed wearing this that when she was nude. She felt like a sex toy if she
ever was one. Then he put her cuffs and collar on her.

"As the guests arrive, greet each one at the door on your hands and knees.
Kiss the tops of each foot and let them in. Ask them to put their coats on
your back. You are not to stand up unless serving drinks or food. And,
whatever they ask of you, you will do so without objection. You will be
punished for the first sound of resistance that passes your lips. You are
not to speak unless directly asked to respond. Then you should reply with,
"Yes master as it pleases you, to me. Any others are only to be addressed
as Sir, Do you understand?"

Her heart races as tears roll down her cheeks. "Yes Master, as it pleases
you," she replies and goes to her hands and knees before him. She bows down
and places kisses on each foot.

He brings out a few whips, paddles, and straps. He warms her up a bit
before company arrives. He starts first with the paddle to get that nice
even red glow all over her backside and upper thighs. Then after several
cracks with the paddle, he begins with the strap. He lays some heavy blows
across he ass and watches as her bright red ass becomes decorated with
purplish welts that criss-cross. She begins to sob and he gives her a
moment of reprieve, reaching down between her lips, he feels her dampness.
His touch elicits a moan of pleasure. Her lips are throbbing and swollen as
her moisture begins to roll down her thighs. He grins and tells her what a
nasty little whore she is. She sobs more because she knows he is right. Why
would she be getting so wet if she were not?

He takes a smaller strap and has her bend over and put her forehead on the
floor, he begins to whip her wet nether lips. She cries out which only
brings her harder blows for breaking her silence. She drips more and begins
to reach out for each blow upon her sex. Wanting that sting; wanting the
humiliation. Wanting to feel her Masters lashing well after the party has
started. She knows she will not be able to lie at his feet, but she must be
passed around to strangers for his amusement. The thought of leaving his
side scares her, but also excites her. Thinking of the ways they might use
her and the humiliations she will have to endure, she can feel her lips
begin to swell more and heat to fill her. She is sopping wet. Master takes
his finger and shoves it up her ass as hard and fast as he can. She gasps
out and sucks in, he smiles, He works his middle finger in as well, then
his ring and next his pinky. Again she sobs, the tears roll freely down her
cheeks as he begins to put his thumb in her as well. Suddenly he withdraws
and begins his onslaught of whipping.

The doorbell sounds and he stops. "Willowe, answer the door," he commands.
She goes to the door as fast as she can on all fours. She rises up to turn
the knob and then backs down before the door opens to reveal who stands on
the other side. She casts her eyes to the ground. Sees a pair of wing tips
and kisses each shoe delicately. Then turns around waiting for the jacket
to be placed on her back. She feels cold fingers enter her. She clenches
and releases as the stranger pats her bottom and replies to her Master.

"She a wet one, isn't she? Definitely a good choice, I see she has been
recently punished. I love to see the beautiful red and swollen skin. It
does enhance the beauty of one's slave doesn't it?"

"Come here girl and release my cock and suck it while we wait for the
rest," demands the stranger. Willowe feels, as if she is in a trance, his
voice is so deep that is sounds like a drum, smoothly keeping rhythm as he
speaks. She crawls over and places her hands on his zipper. A hard blow
from behind her lands on her ass and lips.

"You are NOT to use your hands unless absolutely necessary!"

The pain and shock of the whip startles her and she sobs out loud. The whip
comes down harder blow after blow. She wants to turn and kiss his feet
feverishly begging for forgiveness. She does her best to compose herself
and undo his zipper with her teeth as her Master continues to whip her.
Each sting of the whip creates her clit, to pulse and her lips to throb as
her moisture drips down between her legs and runs down her thigh to the
floor beneath her knees.

Finally, the mancock springs from the confines of his trousers and she
begins to kiss and lick it. She then sucks it into her mouth. She notices
it is not as long as her Master's is but twice as thick. She is not used to
its shape and it is harder to maneuver but after a few clumsy attempts, she
does get it in her mouth and begins to suck with vigor. He smells and
tastes different and she enjoys the newness of it all.

As she sucks him, she wonders what the next one will taste like, smell
like, and feel like. Will his cum taste as different as his cock does? Will
he allow her to swallow? Surely, he will not soil her so early on in the
evening? Or will he?

As guests arrive, Willowe answers the door and invites them in with the
view of her naked and well-whipped ass. She glistens with moisture and
proudly takes each coat back to the bedroom where she lays each coat on the
bed, not before she smells each one, trying to pick up the scent of each
new Master that joins the party.

There are six that arrive in all. Willowe is hungry for each upcoming
event. She trembles with excitement as each guest takes notice of her, in
his own way. One grabs her swollen ass cheeks hard as holds them tight for
a brief moment; one shoves his fingers in each hole and spanks her bare
bottom with his free hand. When the tears begin to roll down her cheeks, he
goes harder, fucking her with his hand faster. Only when she is sobbing is
he satisfied enough to stop. Then next just pats her head like she were a
pet. One man though, the one she fears the most, pushes her hard with his
foot on her backside. She falls to the floor and begins to weep. He looks
as if he aims to kicker her in spot tender spot, but her Master commands,
'Enough! She is my slave not yours! You are not to hurt her! She is not
here for your destruction! She is here for my pleasure. If destruction is
your pleasure then leave at once!"

The Mean One backs off; he raises his hands in the air like giving up.
"Sorry, no offense intended. It was a joke. I wouldn't really hurt her, she
is not mine to hurt."

Willowe got back up on all fours and crawled quickly to her Masters feet
and plants lavish kisses on them. She is trembling from fear. Her master
pets her head and has her go to the kitchen to bring in the drinks.

Quickly she scurries off. As she comes out with the tray, she sees the Mean
One looking at her. She sees his face for the first time. His eyes look
menacing and she knows she had better be careful around him.

As she passes out each drink, each man touches her or pats her. One pinches
her nether lips and twists as she pours his drink. One puts his fingers
inside her. He then dabs his drink with the same finger and touches her sex
again. She feels the burn of the alcohol and she squirms as her moisture
begins to flow again.

Her nerves begin to jump as she approaches the Mean One with his drink. She
begins to tremble as she approaches his side. She starts to set his glass
down and he grabs her wrist. She gasps out in surprise and splashes a bit
on the table. Her Master looks up and scorns her with a look.

"He is going to make me get punished," she thought. "I wonder if I can
handle it?"

The Mean One slips his hand under her skirt and grabs her lips and twists
them between his fingers, he then pulls them down slowly but firmly,
finally she can no longer take it and bends down to him. He whispers in her
ear.

"Your Master is weak. I would have been lashing you right now for your
clumsiness."

He then spreads her sex and pushes two fingers deep into her. He rubs her
anus with his thumb, and whispers again.

"If you were mine you would have a phallus in your ass right now. I would
keep you full always, as well as always ready to receive." With saying so,
he thrust his thumb into with such force she almost lost her balance, but
took a step forward to keep it.

"I will punish you good tonight." He grins at her and motions for her to
continue on.

She finishes her way around the table and gets on her knees, next to her
Master with her hands behind her back. She wants to look up at him so
desperately but keeps her eyes down. Her heart is racing as she thinks
about her punishment to come, from the mean one. She believes they have
addressed him as Luke, but she isn't sure. She also figures it is really
nothing to her as she will only address him as Sir, if she is ever ask to
address him at all.

"Willowe," her Master speaks to her, "Go over and distract Mr. Sparks."

"You tired of me taking your money, Rooster?" Says the Kind Sir on the
other side of the table.

Rooster must be a nickname for her Master; one she has never heard before.

"Yeah, so I figure I will take advantage of the situation with Willowe and
maybe I can buy her a new collar, with the money I win," he chuckles.

Willowe crawls over to the Kind Sir and looks at him pleadingly. He motions
for her to turn around. "Look at that sweet little ass. It's shaped like a
heart. Rosy like one, as well." He gives her a couple of slaps.

"Come up here and lay across my lap." Willowe stands and begins to bend
over his lap. "Wait first turn around for us, hold your skirt up so we can
see the whole package."

She lifts her skirt and blushes as she turns in a slow circle for them to
view her naked sex.

"Take off your uniform," the Kind One demands.

"What a lovely new toy," one says. Another says, "She looks so young and
innocent, oh she will be a delight."

Her Master chimes in, "I think I will keep this one."

She was beaming with pride, until her Master spoke. The fear hit her like a
hard blow. "He thinks he will keep me!" she repeats in her head. "He might
give me away? Oh god what would I do? How could he do that? What if the
Mean One wants me and he lets me go with him?" Panic strikes her and she
fights back her tears, by swallowing hard and biting her lip.

She lays across his lap and he sits up a bit. She feels the slick pants
under her and his bulging member pushes against her belly. His pants are
cool and soft. The Kind One touches her sex, it is slightly moist, but he
wants her to drip, to keep her in a continuous state of arousal. He begins
by pinching her here and there, as he plays his hand. He rests his hands on
her back as if she was the table and pitches his cards over her.

She blushes, just lying there being somewhat ignored but somewhat teased.
She feels her lips are beginning to throb, this is such a small little
torment, but it is working well. When he reaches down and pinches her lips,
or rubs a welt, or stroke her crack and lips, her moisture increases
tremendously. She is dazing in and out until she feels a hard slap across
her bottom. Then another and another, "What is this?" she thinks to
herself.

The men are laughing and she wonders why until she hears her Master state,
"Loose a hand beat the slave!" And laughing again!

"That sounds like a splendid plan! Let's all beat the slave!" voices the
Mean One.

"Yeah I am over cards," says another. "Let's get down to the real
entertainment!"

They all move back from the table except the Kind One, who decides he not
quite finished with her yet. He spanks her bottom 'til she is squirming all
over his lap, then he puts her down. They are in good spirits with her and
have her crawl around on the floor in circles as each one takes his turn
whipping her. The thing that confuses her most is the fact that the Mean
One did not whip her harder than the rest of them. But by the time they
decided on what to do with her next, she was very sore, a touch would bring
her to tears.

They decide to hang her from the doorway. Master has little eyebolts here
and there to tie her to, for almost any occasion.

They let her hang low enough so that just her tiptoes are barely supporting
her, but as her legs tire, she has to let her arms support her. Then they
shackle her legs to the doorway frame. She is open to them all, front and
back. And now her arms are her sole support. She begins to weep. Her Master
is first and decides she needs further punishment. He gets his belt,
doubles it and begins with her thighs. She let out a cry and he shows
anger. "Get the plug and the gag," he orders. The Mean One gets the plug,
and the Kind One gags her.

The Mean One comes from behind her and rubs it along her moist slit, he
whispers in her ear, "Let this be the first of many pleasures tonight."
With that he plunges the plug into her ass, She jerks and muffled moans
come from behind her gag. He withdraws it and plunges it in again. Twisting
it and pumping it, making sure she gets to feel every inch invade her. He
stands back to give her Master room to proceed.

She hangs for what seems like an eternity, as she is strapped, whipped, and
paddled. Her feelings are stirring, as her exposed sex drips a small puddle
on the floor between her legs. Her clit is swollen and lips throb with
pleasure. They had made sure she was red and sore over her breasts,
stomach, and thighs as well as her ass. She feels the heat radiating from
her body as she feels the first man approach her from behind. He grabs her
nipples and pinches harshly as he rubs his engorged cock up and down her
glistening crack. He removes her plug and slips in his cock. It is the one
with the wide cock. She thought he was going to split her in two. Tears
roll down her cheeks and small moans escape her gagged mouth as he rapes
her ass.

Her Master retrieves the small cat-o-nine tails and begins to whip her sex,
then to dangle and tease it with the knots hanging from the ends. Once they
are wet from her moisture he begins to whip her again. The man behind her
is picking up speed and is fucking her fiercely. Someone is sucking her
nipples, first one, then the other. Then she feels lips touching her lips
below, a tongue darting and teasing her clit and the waves begin to build.
He licks and sucks her lips inside his mouth. She begins to pump him
shamefully, trying to reach her peak. He stops and they laugh at her crude
animalistic behavior.

"What a slut, she is hot and hungry!"

"She is a natural, isn't she?" another asks.

Willowe feels the wide cock unload in her ass she wanted to join him in his
climax, however all the touching has stopped and she is left there. She
just feels empty, naked and needful, a blush covering her body from the
words spoken. As he withdraws from her they stare at her helpless body
hanging there. Her blush deepens.

"I want her next," said the Mean One. "I want her on the floor."

This startles her back to awareness. They release her from her binds. She
lies on the floor, and he begins to circle her. She feels as if she is the
prey and he is about to devour her. She pulls herself in and huddles there
waiting for the first assault. She is trembling with fear of what's to
come. Out of nowhere he lashes her with the strap and yells out a war cry.
She screams and scampers off, staying on all fours but trying to protect
herself. She huddles in a corner, until he approaches her again. He chases
her as she flees until her Master says "Enough!"

The Mean One laughs and says, "Don't you think it's more fun to scare them
and pursue them before you overpower them?"

With that he picks her up and throws her over his shoulder. Carrying her
over the couch he puts her down, bends her over and pulls her arms behind
her back. He leans over her back and grabs her hair and says. "This is what
you are made for, and I am going to give it to you good! Have you ever had
a 13-inch cock in your ass before? I am going to ram this into you so deep
and hard. First I am going to prime your almost virginal cunt. He slams
into her full force, She screams and he wraps his hand around her throat.
Take it bitch! You little whore! Shut up or you will find out what real
pain is like. He rams her hard until she is just whimpering and hoping she
doesn't pass out from this assault on her. He lets go of her arms and says
for someone get in front of her and hook her cuffs together and holds her
arms tight. I am going to ram my giant cock into her tiny asshole.

They get her bound again and he pulls her ass cheeks apart with his hands
he lines his cock up with its target and plunges into her. She jumps but
her arms are bound and she moves very little. She cries quietly trying not
to make a sound, for she can't think of anything more painful than this
happening to her.

"I bet you are glad you already had one load in your ass, to lube me up
don't ya babe?" he growls.

Someone approaches her from the front and puts his dick to her lips. She
parts them as he shoves it in. She thinks to herself. This gives me
something to think about, and it helps her cope with the pain. Shortly
after that another crawls under her and begins licking her clit biting it
and sucking it. She begins to shake with climax and he stops.

"Let's put her on the floor, I want some of this." And he lies down and has
her mount his cock. The man that was in her mouth comes over for her to
resume her oral pleasures on him, and the Mean One plunges deep into her
ass. Others are touching her and whipping her where they can, as the first
three men begin to explode into her body, and she finally gets to climax
with them. They withdraw and the other three take their positions. She is
filled with come and comes herself more times that she can remember. She
knows each man had his turn in every hole she has. She was pumping cocks
with her hands and sucking, licking and being fucked continuously, and only
had rest when she was being whipped. She came to look forward to the
whippings as a period of rest. The whipping consoled her and made her feel
secure and warm all over.

At the end of the night after he saw his comrades off, he led her to her
corner, put the phallus back into her ass. Bound her arms across her
stomach and shackled her feet to the wall. He laid a pillow down on her
bedding and told her to sleep, that she should rest and if she did not lose
the plug during the night, he would bathe her in the morning.

She went to sleep almost immediately, but the thoughts drifting through her
head were of her Master giving her away if she passed her test, and how in
the world was she supposed to keep that plug in her well used sloppy
asshole all night as she slept?

Authors note:
If you would like this story to continue please write:
willowedancer13@yahoo.com.
All comments welcome.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Willowedancer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





