BDSM Library - Playroom




Playroom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She wanted to surrender herself to him, she wanted to find out what's in the playroom. She got what she wanted.
                        Playroom by Steven S. Davis

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------

Playroom

"It's not my place to be making decisions about how anyone else lives, but
I have to say that you're too young to be surrendering power to another.
You're at the stage where you need to be taking over your life, making your
own decisions. Once you've gained some more experience, know more about
yourself, and can confidently follow your own desires, it may be right, for
you, to surrender to another. But not now."

If anyone had told me that I would someday be saying this to a bright,
exotic coed, I'd have laughed. I'd long wanted a slave whom I could train
to do whatever I wanted. All the submissives I'd known had been too strong
and too certain of their identities to permit themselves to be remade. When
I heard that Annira had broken up with her abusive jerk of a boyfriend, I'd
seen an opportunity to capture a vulnerable young woman with submissive
tendencies and mold her into my fantasy. But life is full of ironies. An
utterly cynical strategy to exploit the young lady's hurt and insecurity
had succeeded in it's purpose, and I had her right where I wanted, ready to
voluntarily turn over her power to me. The plan had work almost perfectly,
but even the most carefully crafted strategy can be undone by the
unexpected. How the hell was I to know I'd end up caring about her ?

"So, where does this leave us?", she asked.

Well, I may have had a sudden and unexpected attack of warmth and caring,
but a man can't deny his true self, and I'm still, at heart, a cruel,
exploitative, male pig (screw the chauvinist bit; what did you other men
ever do for me ?). Besides, a lot of effort had gone into preparing my new
playroom (so most of it was done by students on independent study - their
efforts should be honored; besides, the paperwork involved in running
Independent study courses for such a diverse group -- Architecture,
Industrial Arts, Pre-Med., and Criminology -- was a killer).

"I think we can work something out. Let me show you something", I said,
leading her towards the playroom. "While I don't think you should be
surrendering power on a full time basis to anyone, even me, one of the
choices which you should be free to make is to make temporary submissions.
I've set up a playroom; that's a benign euphemism for dungeon. The way I
want our relationship to operate is like this. Outside of the playroom I'll
be your friend, always; your mentor when I can; and your lover as often as
you'll let me. Inside the playroom, I'll be your private demon, using and
abusing you as I will. By crossing it's threshold you will have surrendered
all your rights and submitted to my will. Whether you decide to be
compliant or to resist is up to you, but I'll do anything I want to you,
and you will end up doing whatever it is I want of you. There will be no
safeword, you will not be able to end the session, nor terminate any "game"
within a session, and you will not be allowed to leave until I wish it.

You will never have to enter the playroom. I will not use force or fraud to
bring you within it, and if it is your choice never to enter, or should you
enter a few times then decide you don't want to return, it will not
diminish my affection or regard, nor will it have an negative impact on our
relationship. I believe I'm not just rationalizing my own desires when I
say I think it will be good for you to spend some time there, but I will
never request or suggest that you enter, it will be your decision.

Understand, though, that part of learning to make decisions is learning to
accept the consequences of your decisions. If you decide not to enter, I'll
respect that decision. If you decide to enter, knowing what that means,
I'll respect that decision also. You're an adult, and I won't insult you by
assuming that you don't know what you're doing and need to be constantly
queried about what you really want or offered opportunities to reverse your
decision."

"So what's in this playroom ?", she said.

"There should be some mystery in life, don't you think ? You'll have to
enter to find out, and I may bring in something new at any time", I said.

"Do I get to step in and look around before deciding ?", she asked.

"Part of the idea of surrendering to someone is that you must trust them.
We may negotiate scenes outside the playroom, and then you can gather all
the details you want before agreeing to the scene, but in deciding whether
or not to enter this room, there are only two things for you to consider:
do you want to give up control, and do you trust me ? Unless you can
unequivocally answer 'Yes' to both questions, don't enter. Just to drive
home this "no peeking" point, we'll use college rules: one foot inbounds.
If you have one foot touching the floor across this threshold, and I can
grab it, you're in - and in for it".

"So when does this start ?"

"The room is ready now", I said, "but I think I'll keep it closed until
tomorrow so you have plenty of time to digest the idea. Think about the
terms I've given you. If you don't want to agree to them, that's OK, and it
won't affect our friendship, but if you want to experiment with submission
and helplessness I think this will be good for you. I know it will be good
for me".

I saw Ann jogging up the road to my house Saturday morning. She sometimes
liked to play on the edge; perhaps she would do today. I opened the door to
the playroom and went into it, leaving the door open, keeping my back to
the door as I fiddled with one of the toys. After considering it, Annira
had agreed to my terms, but had chosen not to try the playroom last night.
But she was intrigued by it. I once had a kitten that found it absolutely
amazing that someone would sit in a tub full of water. The first time he
saw me do it he walked around the edge of the tub several times, then,
curiosity getting the better of him, he stuck one paw in a soap dish and
the other in the water. But the soap dish wasn't the most stable of
perches, and he slipped and fell into the tub, from which he quickly
extracted himself and walked off in a huff. I thought Ann might be
kittenish enough to try to safely investigate this intriguing place; it
might be that she too would overestimate the security of her observation
post. Hopefully, that would be where the parallels ended. I didn't want her
to walk off in a huff, and I certainly hoped this would be more fun than
having an enraged and desperate cat sharing your bathtub.

I'd said no fraud, but I'd also told her the rules. I would say or do
nothing that would violate my pledge, but I would not fail to exploit any
overconfident impertinence she displayed. She needed to learn to be very
careful about playing on the edge; there's always a chance of falling off.

I heard the knock on the door. "COME ON IN", I shouted. In a few moments
she called out "Where are you?".

"IN HERE", I replied.

"Ohhh", she said, "the mysterious playroom. It doesn't seem so
frightening".

"The most dangerous thing in any dungeon, my dear, is the master", I
replied, still keeping my back to her and my head down but observing her in
a mirror on the opposite wall. I saw her approach the room and quickly poke
her head in and look around. She was in a tee-shirt and jogging shorts,
with sneakers and nice thick white socks. She smiled slyly, and carefully
lifted one foot over the threshold and gingerly let the toe of her shoe
touch the floor. "Oh, master", she said, her musical Jamaican voice
tinkling like a bell.

I had started to move as soon as her toe touched ground, and before her
playful taunt was out had turned and snapped the whip that had been hidden
against my body. It was a pretty low percentage move, but if it missed she
would still learn something about being careful where one treads, and if it
scored we would both learn a lot. Today luck was with me. The whip tightly
encircled her ankle, just inside the threshold, and with a sharp tug her
small body was pulled entirely within the room. I scampered across the
room, slammed the door shut, and locked it (it was tempting to twirl and
frolic a bit, but that would have undermined the gravitas I was struggling
to maintain). "Wait a minute", she said through her laughter, "you said no
force".

"I also said quite explicitly that one foot in the room made you
vulnerable. You put that foot down freely, you little tease. Now you're
mine to use as I will. I hope you don't have any commitments for today - or
tonight - for you won't be able to honor them". I reached down and grabbed
her by the hair and the right wrist, which I twisted behind her as I shoved
her towards the back of the room. "It was an accurate assessment that this
room isn't very frightening. Different types of play are helped by
different environments. This room, with it's swings and springs and soft
pillows and thick rugs, is, built for pleasure", I said, before releasing
her hair momentarily to open a door in the back of the room. "The place
you're going now", I said, as we went through the door and down a flight of
stairs to the basement, "is built for pain". We got the bottom of the
stairs and I unlocked a solid steel door and pushed Ann through, then
locked it behind me, and released her arm.

"Strip here", I commanded. While dragging Ann here I'd gained enough
control over my demeanor to make the command quite stern, and to follow it
with an intense, and I hoped, intimidating glare. It seems to have worked,
for though she initially seemed inclined to protest, she thought better of
it and removed all her clothes. I then opened the steel barred door of the
dungeon and roughly shoved her into the dungeon. The clank as the door
closed behind us was very loud, by design, and it was fun to watch how she
started at the sound. I took her wrists and applied leather cuffs,
fastening her hands behind her, then forced a ball gag into her mouth over
her protests. The gag, featuring a wiffle ball made of a very hard material
used in making toys for zoo animals, instead of a solid rubber ball, did
little to silence her but rendered the sounds she made unintelligible. The
cuffs were buckled shut, the buckle reinforced with padlocks that would
make the restraints impervious to her clever fingers.

"As much as I'd love to start playing with you now, I've commitments I must
honor. You'll have to spend a few hours alone. This room is quite ugly, by
design, and it won't do for this to be your introduction to your new abode.
I'll need to find you some object of beauty to look at while you wait". At
this I knelt and placed leather cuffs on each of her ankles, then took
cords on the cuff holding her right foot and dragged it till the cords
reached a conveniently positioned ring in the floor, to which I tied the
cords. Repeating the process with her other foot left her delightfully
spread. I then took an handful of her dark hair, gave it a couple twists,
then tied a rope tightly at its base, and pulled the rope taut so any
movement of Annira's head would prove quite painful. "Be back in a moment,
Sextoy - did I mention that while in the dungeon you don't have a name,
just a descriptive designation ? Don't go anywhere."

I exited the dungeon briefly, then returned pushing a full length mirror
which I positioned a few feet in front of my captive. I also retrieved her
glasses and placed them on her to assure that she had a good view. "I can't
imagine a lovelier sight for you to contemplate while I'm gone," I said.
"Well, actually I can think of something", I said, taking up a position
behind her and moving my right hand to her chest, where I slowly teased her
nipples, and moving my left hand to her pussy, which I stroked softly for a
few moments before my finger penetrated her, while at the same time I
kissed her on the back of her neck and along the length of her spine. Not
being much inclined to watch the clock at such moments, I don't know how
long I continued, but she was hot and wet some minutes before I finished.
When I did, I took her head in my hands to be sure her eyes were open and
her face directed to the mirror, where a gorgeous, impassioned creature
starred back at her. "Now that's beautiful", I whispered in her ear, then
released her and started to leave. The stimulation having ceased
prematurely, her throaty moans turned to frantic squeals. "Don't worry
dear, I'll be back later, and we can play more then", I said as the first
door clanked shut behind me, and then I left her alone in the dungeon.

I didn't actually have anything to do, aside from dousing myself with a
couple pitchers of cold water. I just wanted to let her stew for a while.
There were observation points that allowed me to keep an eye on her as she
squirmed in her bonds. Her arrested arousal had her struggling futilely
against the bonds, which being padded leather wouldn't hurt her, but also
wouldn't allow her to escape. Each tug upon the restraints sent her plush
figure to shaking. Perhaps I'd be able to finish up a little sooner. No,
better to leave my young friend in bondage for a few hours more. Not
knowing how long she was to remain there and having no way of measuring
time, her youthful impatience would make a few hours of immobility seem
like an eternity. Right now she was mad at me for causing her own needs to
torment her; in few more hours she'd be desperate for release, but it would
be a bit different.

Amazing how much energy one has at eighteen. A couple hours had gone by,
and she continued to test the restraints. By now she had to know it was
pointless, but I suppose that pent up energy demanded expression. Suited me
well enough, quietly watching her brown buttocks bounce. She would twist
and tug for awhile, then tire, and start trying to unbuckle her wrist
restraints, till she became frustrated, and then she'd twist and tug some
more, setting her thighs, tits, and tush in motion again. Delightful. When
she finally either accepted that she wasn't going to get out until I
decided to let her loose, or just didn't have the will to struggle any
longer, and settled into placid captivity, the time had come for a change.

The first thing that needed to be done was for me to deal with *my* pent up
energy. Several hours of watching captive flesh jiggle had put an edge on
me that was unsuited to the superbly controlled, self-contained persona I
was trying to present. It wouldn't do for her to realize, just yet, how
much power she had over me. So this would have to be done in such a way
that she would perceive it as an expression of my mastery over her instead
of an expression of my frantic need for her.

I entered the dungeon without a word, and immediately went to work on Ann.
I untied her hair, and tied the rope around the links connecting her wrist
cuffs, then pulled on it, bringing her head down to the level of her waist.
I removed the gag, then pulled out my cock and placed a condom on it. For
once there was no conflict between the requirements of safer sex and
pursuit of pleasure, as I dearly needed any reduction in sensation I could
get. "Suck", I commanded.

"No!"

"You're going to make this hard on yourself, heh ? Good", I said, {I
*really* don't need this right now, I thought} as I reached below her to
grab her breasts. "Here's a couple nice sized chocolate drops", I said as I
began to twist her tits.

"AHHH - LET GO - OHHH - THAT HURTS - STOP IT, PLEASE ! - PLEASE STOP"

A few choruses of twist 'n shout later (just after she started saying "I'LL
SUCK ! - PLEASE STOP - MERCY MASTER, MERCY, PLEASE !"), I figured she'd had
enough, and besides that, I couldn't hold out much longer myself. I grabbed
her hair and thrust my member into her mouth and moved her head back and
forth as she gagged.

"Keep your lips on it. That's good. Now you keep it up", I ordered as I
released her head, and she started moving her head up and down the length
of my cock. After a few passes, I knew I was close, and withdrew from her
mouth and positioned myself behind her. Fingering her pussy made it obvious
I needn't had worried about getting my cock lubricated. I reached forwards
to gently grasp and massage her breasts, and thrust into her. A few thrusts
and she was moaning, and it was taking quite a bit of effort on my part not
to provide counterpoint. The effort to not audibilize was, fortuitously,
distracting enough to help delay my loss of control. Fully inside her now,
I took her by the hips and began rotating them, and her moans started
coming faster. I managed to coordinate the rotation with some short thrusts
and withdrawals, which was not bad for someone who was trying very, very,
hard to control the urge to shout "I LOVE YOU". The combination had the
hoped for result, as she began experiencing orgasmic spasms, and I was at
last able to let go and start shooting within her.

My state being what it was, that barrage didn't last long, and my gun was
empty well before she stopped twisting and jerking, but finally she was as
limp and wet as I had become, and I withdrew, carefully. Removing the
condom, I considered various exercises I could have her perform, like
getting a straw and having her suck up the jizz, but I didn't think she was
ready for advanced debauchery just yet, so I disposed of the condom. As I
did so I saw that her legs were rubbery and she was slumping in her bonds,
so I pushed a thick cushion beneath her, and taking a knife, slashed the
rope, and she collapsed onto the cushion and lay there gleaming and
panting. That, I thought, should be a sufficiently masterly gesture, at
least so long as she didn't notice how wobbly and close to collapse I was.
She wasn't very observant at the moment, which allowed me to briefly stroke
her hair and brush my fingers across her cheek without revealing my own
disarray. I checked her wrists and ankles and found no abrasions and no
indication of reduced circulation. Time for a disdainful departure - and a
lot of sugar and salt and a cold shower before I came back; one can't let
the trainees know the trainers sweat too. Composing myself as best I could,
I rose, and with a fully erect (posture) turned on my heel and strode out
of the dungeon without a word or backward glance. I managed to get out of
sight before slumping.

This was going to be a trying day for us both.

After restoring myself, I was rested and ready enough to start putting Ann
through her paces. I returned to the dungeon with a bottle of water and a
bucket of ice. Ann was again trying to free her hands. "You're quite
persistent, Sextoy", I said.

She looked up at me, not angrily, but quite resolutely, and said "My name
is Anneri. You may call me Ann. You may call me 'your Sextoy', but I have a
name, even here".

"A notion of which I will have to disabuse you. But there's time for that".
It seemed Ann wanted to resist. That suited me, but we weren't going to
fight when she wanted to or on the issues she was prepared to fight about;
there would be plenty of opportunities to deal with this when she wasn't
ready for it. I untied the cords of her ankle cuffs, then ordered her to
stand. She proudly and defiantly pulled herself up to her full 5'1". I
leaned down and kissed her on the mouth, then kissed my way down her neck
to her breasts, and teased her nipples with my tongue, then took a breast
in each hand, and slowly fondled it. Her open mouth and closed eyes
suggested that her interest in being defiant had abated. I released her
breasts and stepped back. Immediately her eyes opened, "Please don't stop",
she said.

I waved my hand in front of her chest, and said one of my favorite "three
little words" combinations: "Make them bounce".

"What ?"

"It appears this University's standards aren't what they used to be. Which
of those words was a mystery to you ? I will repeat a command without
penalty this one time: MAKE - THEM - BOUNCE".

She looked vaguely ill, but my stern voice and steely gaze, possibly
supplemented by the fact that I had picked up a thin, whippy cane, had the
desired effect, and she began moving her shoulders, sending ripples through
her mammaries. "I said 'BOUNCE'", I told her, and she increased her
efforts, causing her breasts to bounce nicely. For a few minutes I enjoyed
the show as her light brown breasts danced. "We can do better than that, I
think", I said, "Turn around". When she turned around I took some thin rope
and encircled each elbow, then pulled her elbows together.

"AHHGGH !"

"Hurts, doesn't it ?"

"Yes"

"Yes, what ?", I said, pulling the ropes a little tighter.

"OWW - Yes, sir".

"Master would have been better".

"Please...Master, may I address you differently ?"

"'Master' is objectionable to you ? All right, 'Sir' will suffice; when we
are being formal you'll say "My Lord".

"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir".

"Here's a piece of information for you Sextoy. Binding your elbows like
this hurts plenty when its done, and it will hurt when it's undone as the
circulation returns. Now turn around, Sextoy", I said. Her eyes flashed
briefly but she wasn't ready now to fight about it. Her tits were riding
higher now that her elbows were cinched. "Make them bounce".

She started shaking again. "Oh, sir, it hurts", she said.

The cane swished across her thigh. "EEEYYY", she shrieked.

"That hurt too, didn't it ? Make them bounce", I ordered. She shook
vigorously, and her breasts resumed their dance. I was switching my gaze
between the wonderful action playing across her chest and the equally
delightful expressions playing across her face as pain and shame and fear
and fatigue danced across her visage while her boobs went every which way.
I was waiting for the diamonds to appear on her face, and when the tears
began to fall from her black eyes, I grabbed her shoulders, then slipped my
arms around her and pulled her to me and held her till she stopped crying.

"You're not done yet, Sextoy. There's more than one way to set female flesh
to jiggling. Kneel on that bench. No, don't sit back, stay erect from your
knees".

I took the cords of her ankle cuffs and tied her ankles together, then
picked her up and set her on her feet. I stepped away from her and caned
her across the buttocks. "OWWW - please sir why sir". The cane swished
twice more. "AAHHHH - OOOWWWWW"

"The first was for motivation. The last two were for presuming to question
me. 'Yours is not to reason why, yours is just to do and hope you don't
die'. Now hop back and forth across the dungeon until I order you to stop,
and if any words come out of that pretty mouth I'll give you twenty strokes
for each word. Now hop to it !"

Ann started hopping across the dungeon, which didn't cause as much motion
in the mammaries but did set everything in motion. At the end of the room
she twisted about and hopped back the other way. This was quite pleasant
but much too easy for her, so I waited till she was opposite some padding
and then threw her to the ground. I grabbed her ankles and pulled them up,
and slipped a pair of four inch French heels onto her feet. I was never
much good at coordinating, so I hadn't been able to decide what color went
best with a naked Jamaican, but I figured you can't go wrong with black.
They were a pretty pathetic excuse for high heels, but hopping around in
six inch stilettos would probably be too much to expect at this point, and
it was important to set hurdles that she could clear. I put her back on her
feet and let her wobble for a bit as she adjusted to the new distribution
of weight, then said "Resume hopping; there will be severe penalties if you
fall", and she started hopping, more tentatively, not as high or as far or
as fast, so despite the aesthetically favorable redistribution of her
weight, the jiggling was less pronounced. But her obvious fear, especially
on the frequent occasions that she needed to struggle to maintain her
balance, more than made up for it. She made a couple more circuits, and
while she was starting to glisten a bit, it was clear this hurdle was also
too low. "Stop", I ordered.

I loosened the elbow ropes to let the circulation resume. "AHHHHOWW"

"I told you it would hurt. You've been hopping much too slowly, and with
your elbows loosened there's no excuse for that. Now start hopping and make
it quick". SWISH and the cane struck the back of her thighs.

"AAAAHHHH !"

"Now, Toy. Speed it up".

She hopped a little faster and jiggled a little more, but this was getting
boring, so I urged her on to faster speeds, following her back and forth
and caning her buns while she shrieked. "OWWWWW"

"AHHHHH"

"EEEEIII - please sir - ARGH - I'm hopping as faster as I can - OWW. OHHH -
mercy, please master - YEEP. OOWW - PLEASE DON'T HIT ME ANYMORE - AHHHGH !"

Finally she fell, long after I had expected her to. "ON YOUR FEET !", I
shouted.

"I can't, sir !", she said, and I started caning her prostrate form.

"STAND UP"

"I'm tied up, how can I - AAAAGGG"

"DO IT", I ordered, striking her as she rolled around the floor screaming
and crying. Finally she got her back to the wall and her feet under her
managed to push herself up. But as she had rolled about the floor her shoes
had come off. "Who gave you permission to remove your shoes ?", I demanded.

"I'm sorry, sir it was an accident please forgive me sir, mercy please
sir", Ann said through her tears.

At this I grabbed her by the neck and threw her across my knee as I sat
down and started spanking her sore striped ass swiftly and hard with my
bare hand.

"Please sir I'm sorry sir it hurts so much I won't do it again please OWW
I'm sorry EEE MERCY MASTER PLEASE PLEASE I'M SO SORRY PLEASE DON'T HURT ME
ANYMORE *SOB* PLEEEEESE DADDY I'LL BE GOOD I PROMISE TO BE GOOD DADDY
*SOB*DADDY DON'T HURT ME PLEASE *SOB* I PROMISE TO BE A GOOD GIRL *SOB*I'LL
BE GOOD FROM NOW ON PLEASE *SOB*", she cried out. By this point she was
sobbing too steadily to get out any more words. I stopped spanking her, and
laid Ann down on her side so I could open the doors to the dungeon, the
picked her up, pressing her head to my chest, and carried the sobbing girl
out of the dungeon and up the stairs to the playroom, where I laid her on a
bed and removed the restraints and we lay together as I rocked and cuddled
her until the tears subsided and I pressed my hand over her head and held
it against my heart until she went to sleep.

Anneri awoke from her short nap as I was binding her wrists in front of her
with cloth strips. "Kneel on the bed", I ordered. She did so, her swollen
eyes downcast, though it seemed less an act of submission than a refusal to
look at me. "Place your hands behind your head and do not move them until I
give you a direct order to do so. We always need to test our students to
see if they have understood their lessons, or if we have failed to instruct
and need to go over the subject again. I have a few questions for you; all
of them refer to your present position within these walls. You will raise
your eyes and look at me as you answer. What are you ?"

Ann looked at me as she knelt, hands behind her head and a quite distinct
pout on her face. After a long moment, she replied in a small voice, "I'm
your sextoy".

"Where are you ?"

"In the playroom".

"How did you come to be here ?"

A long silence before she whispered "I entered voluntarily".

"Speak up"

More forcefully, "I entered voluntarily".

"How long will you remain here ?"

"For as long as you wish me to remain".

"What is your purpose here ?"

"To serve you".

"Very good so far. One last question: what is your name ?"

Another long silence. Then, in a distinct voice, "My name is Anneri".

Now there was another long silence while I weighed my response. "All right,
Sextoy, on your feet. You know where you're going", I told her.

"May I speak, sir ?"

"Yes".

"I've surrendered my power to you by choice. But no matter how much you
torture me, I'll never surrender my identity. In this room I exist to serve
you, but it's still my existence, I won't surrender my identity and become
an extension of your life".

"Nicely stated. I believe it's best we establish the veracity of your
assertion empirically. Start walking".

Ann rose from the bed and began walking towards the door to the dungeon.
She was trying to be brave, though her steps became slower as she descended
the stairs, and when she reached the threshold of the dungeon she turned
away, and I had to push her through the door. The dungeon reverberated with
the sound of the door slamming shut. The pout on her face had been replaced
with a look of obvious and delicious terror. "A bit harder to be brave
here, isn't it ?", I asked. "Would you like to reconsider your last answer
?"

"My name is Anneri", she said, her voice trembling.

Anneri was strapped into a straight-backed metal chair, the straps at her
ankles, knees, wrists, and elbows, across her thighs, around her waist, and
over her shoulders holding her almost completely immobile. The
juxtaposition of her burning buttocks against the rough surface of the
chair, the seat of which had a bore more than a small resemblance to a
grater, was very painful and made it very hard not to squirm, even though
such movement only increased the pain. Undoubtedly Ann's nimble mind
already knew this, but her nubile body was resisting this conclusion, and
continued to struggle. While I waited for the idea to sink in, I poured
myself a cup of Blue Mountain coffee. I was trying to add just the right
amount of cream to make it match Ann's skin, but it was hard to judge
without side-by-side comparisons, so I had to keep pouring a little hot
coffee on Ann's arms, thighs, shoulders and breasts to see how it compared.
All the drippings were done from a sufficient altitude and after a
sufficient cooling period that Ann wasn't burned, but her yelps, and
occasional screams, as each sample hit her naked flesh made it clear she
wasn't having a good time, and, unfortunately, caused her to squirm even
more. Oddly, it seemed I just could never get a match and had to constantly
refresh the cup with some more hot coffee then start adding cream again.
Ann had repeatedly offered to mix the cup for me, assuring me most
forcefully that she could get it just right, but it would have taken too
long to release her and then strap her in again. Finally I held a newly
filled, steaming cup by her face and despaired of ever getting it right.
"Enough of this", I said as I straightened, and with a twist of my wrist
sent the steaming fluid towards her face. Her terrified "NO!" was barely
out when the fluid hit her face, and for a moment she sat perfectly still
waiting for the terrible pain, and when it didn't come she shook her head
to get the coffee off her eyelids and opened her eyes wide.

"You've never played with dry ice ?", I asked. "Creates a nice bit of
steam, doesn't it ?", I said, as I took a wet rag and began carefully and
quite thoroughly cleaning her up, the undulating surface of her breasts
requiring and receiving special attention. "While I've got you here it
seemed a good time to consider some adornments of your body", I said,
holding a gold bell by her nipple. "Wouldn't this look nice hanging from
your pierced nipple ?"

She shook her head violently, while "No...please don't" came from her lips.

"Well, if you're not going to say anything constructive, please be quiet",
I told her as I forced a gag in her mouth. I was of course well aware of
how very afraid of needles she was, a fear that went beyond the rational
anticipation of pain, though given her still low tolerance for pain she had
good reason to dread the pain of being pierced. As I showed her the various
pieces and discussed the possible placements, while checking an autoclave
full of piercing instruments and assembling my swabs, alcohol, and
betadyne, the conflict between her reason, which told her I wouldn't dare
pierce an unwilling subject, and her not fully rational fear of being
pierced, played out nicely in her wide eyes. As unreasoning fear seemed to
be winning, I removed her gag, and after a few moments of impassioned pleas
that I not do such a thing to her, I managed to get her attention for a
moment, and told her "I really think Anneri would look lovely with all this
gold hanging off her". She wasn't so panicked that she didn't pick up the
meaning of that, but she hesitated, still uncertain if I would really make
her into a pincushion, but terrified of the possibility that I just might
be that cruel.

Finally she spoke, "She-e m-might at thh-at. Why don-n't you ask her when
you see her ag-gain ?".

"An excellent idea", I said, "Oh, and you are ?".

Ann dropped her eyes, and said, "I'm nobody".

I left Anneri alone in the dungeon, still strapped into the chair. The name
business wouldn't have mattered much to me, but it was so important to her
that I felt it was imperative to have her renounce her name to make her
submission complete. Cynical being that I am I would have happily renounced
my name in such circumstances and never felt a thing, but Anneri was so
young and principled that such pragmatism was hard for her, and she needed
some time alone to recover from her humiliation. The chair was painful, but
there wasn't any way for her to injure herself while strapped into it.
Naturally, I wasn't going to leave her helpless and unobserved, so I
repaired to my observation post. This was, of course, merely a case of
exercising my responsibility to her, as her Top, not to leave her helpless
and alone; the chance to watch her cry while she thought she had a moment
of privacy had nothing to do with it (the videotape ? I was just testing
the equipment ! ). But she did cry prettily.

When she'd stopped crying and had enough time to regain her composure, I
returned to release her. It had always been my plan to move her from the
dungeon to the playroom so that our session could conclude with pleasure,
but I wanted to bring her down first. I hadn't counted on her being as
strong as she had turned out to be, though, and had hurt her more than I
had originally expected to, so this was going to be a bit harder than
expected. I needed very much to make this an experience she would remember
fondly, mostly because I really did care for her, partly because she wasn't
very likely to play again if I didn't. The thought that when playing a game
of nonconsensual consent it was critical that the bottom believe *after*
the game that what had transpired was what she had consented to did make an
appearance in my mind. A couple appearances, actually.

I came behind the chair and stroked Ann's hair, then caressed her shoulders
and neck before bending down to kiss her face. My hands dropped to her
breasts and began fondling them. I moved around to the front so I could
better read her still downcast, pouting face as I continued to stroke her
breasts and finger her nipples, then after a few moments I leaned forwards
and kissed her on the mouth. She didn't resist but her passive reaction was
disturbing. "You seem a bit down", I told her. "We'll have to find a way to
get you laughing again". I undid the knee and ankle straps on her right leg
and lifted her leg by the heel, causing her to grimace. "A little stiff,
huh ?", I asked as I rubbed her leg. I repeated the process on her left
leg, then undid her elbow and wrist straps. I wrapped cloth strips around
each wrist, then tied her wrists together with one end of a twelve foot
rope. Moving behind her again, I undid the shoulder straps and began
massaging her shoulders and neck, then undid the waist belt and took her by
the elbow and helped her from the chair, and half carried her to a bench on
which I had spread a soft blanket to cushion her sore buttocks. I lowered a
chain from above her and tied the other end of the rope to a link in the
chain, then raised it again. I then opened the stocks connected to the
bench on which Anneri sat, and placed her feet in the cushioned openings
before locking them shut again. Her ankles had a little room to move but
not enough that she could ever extract her feet. "You still seem a little
depressed, dear" I told her as I turned away to remove some toys from the
wall, and when I came back to her I had a heavy flogger in each hand. "I
think I know just what will loosen you up", I told her as her eyes went
wide with apprehension. "It's so much better if you don't know where or
when it's coming', I told her as wrapped an Ace bandage around her eyes. I
then started circling her, silently, round and round as she futilely
followed my footsteps, turning her face towards the sound as if she
expected to see the first stroke through the bandage. She didn't, of
course, and it took her completely by surprise as it slashed across her
rips, each stroke quickly followed by another.

"EEEEE", she shrieked. "STOP IT - EEEEYYYCKK - HAA HA HAHAHAHA - STOP
PLEASE HAHAHA PLEASE STOP". But there was no mercy for her as the feathers
found their targets again and again no matter how violently she twisted to
avoid them, no matter how she piteously she shrieked, despite her most
heartrending pleas for mercy or her most salacious offers of alternative
action. At last they stopped, giving the trembling, gasping girl a chance
to recover her breath and her dignity, for the tear stains were showing
though the bandage and she had been on the brink of sobbing. I knelt behind
her, a tiny woman on a low bench, and my head was level with hers, and I
kissed her shoulders and neck as I caressed her heaving breasts, then
started slowly tracing the path of her spine with soft kisses. After making
a complete circuit, I rose, and began to circle her again, as ominously as
I was able (fortunately I was wearing loose pants today). After a couple
passes I struck again, this time on her belly, but with a briefer assault
that stopped after the laughter but before the tears, then resumed my
circling, striking as randomly as I could at her ribs, sides, belly, and of
course her madly squirming feet, which at times presented a sufficiently
mobile target that I had to drop the feathers and grasp a foot with one
hand while tickling it with the other. Despite the recovery times she was
now crying at each touch and I judged she would soon lose control
completely. As delightful as I would have found that on other occasions,
her psyche needed some recovery time, so I discontinued this torment.

"Are you about to piss yourself, my dear ?". I'm still not entirely sure
when Ann's blushing (I plan to put the matter to the test until I can read
that indicator as well as any other), but I think she blushed. "Can't have
that, can we ?", I said, and unlocked the stocks and freed her legs
(raising her feet, I couldn't resist the urge to administer a quick
tickle), then lowered the chain and untied the end of the rope. I removed
the wet bandage, then took her by the arm to lead her to the bathroom. Ann
was a bit unsteady, so I put my arm around her waist and held her against
me as we walked.

"After having been tied up all day I imagine you need to relieve yourself",
I told her.

She looked around the room for the porcelain throne, then asked "Where ?".

"There in the corner, where the footpads are", I said. She looked at me
quizzically. "Here", I said, leading her to the place, putting her feet on
the footpads, and tossing the other end of the wrist rope over a bar above
her, then tying it to a ring in the wall, leaving her naked, legs spread
and arms held above her as she stood over a trough set into the floor, "Go
ahead".

"You expect me to go HERE ?", she said.

"I know you're going to go quite soon, and I would prefer it was there;
it'd be much less messy. The hygiene is adequate, and in any event I won't
make it your responsibility to clean the toilet. However, if you empty
yourself someplace else you will be responsible for cleaning it up".

"Alright, I'll go here", she said, somewhat testily. We both waited. "Well,
would you MIND ?", she asked.

"I don't mind at all", I said, and we waited some more.

"Well, would you please leave ?"

"No"

"You're going to stand there and watch ?"

"Yes"

"NOW I know you're sick".

"Why ?"

"WHY ?"

"That was my question"

"You stand around watching women piss and you don't think that's sick ?"

"No, but I'm very gratified to hear that you do, it will make this more
fun. I really don't understand this particular scruple of yours - I mean,
what secrets do you think you're about to reveal ? - but it's amusing to
help you overcome it. What do you have to worry about ? I haven't said
anything about collecting the urine and showering you with it, or making
you drink it, or doing anything other than performing a perfectly natural
function".

She got a funny look then, and asked "What exactly do you plan to do with
this piss ?"

"That would be telling".

"Well, if you're not telling, I'm not going"

"You're not going anywhere until you go here"

"Shit"

"If you like"

She didn't say anything for some time; whether she was being stubborn, or
whether she just couldn't do it with me watching was unclear, though her
squirming suggested the latter. I got out the board and started placing two
piles of stones. "Care for a game while we wait ?", I asked her.

"A game ? Don't you have enough games going on right now ? What game do you
suggest we play now ?", she asked.

I gestured towards the board.

"OHHHH", she groaned. "Pleeaase", she whined, "pin me, stun me, but please
don't pun me, THAT I can't bear". It was immaterial anyway, since she soon
began to relieve herself, emptying what must have been an uncomfortably
full bladder; we wouldn't have had time to get going anyway.

Helpful soul that I am (even if many do consider me a heel), I decided I
would do Ann the service of washing and drying her between the legs, and
being a very thorough soul as well, I followed that up with a diligent
visual and tactile examination of the area. It's important to be thorough,
for while my initial probes had indicated that the task had been
accomplished, later probings found additional moisture; this seemed to be
causing Ann some distress, so I untied the rope and moved her to a table in
the dungeon. I tied the end of the rope to a ring in the floor, being sure
to tie it off in such a way as to remove most of the slack, then placed
Ann's legs in the stirrups of the table and strapped them down to try to
assure a stable workplace. I repeated my explorations and found that the
situation was much worse than it had seemed, Ann was very wet, and her
squirming, combined with the grimace on her face and the little whimpering
sounds she was making, made it clear she was very uncomfortable with the
situation. A prompt response was called for, but I have never believed in
premature action, and therefore proceeded with more detailed examinations,
spreading her labia for a better look and softly running my fingers over
the entire visible area, while gently probing the parts I couldn't see. My
poor Anneri's increasing violent reactions made it clear that I had to
speed up my investigations, so I increased the pace and force of my
stroking and probing, but, ever diligent, I persisted until I was sure of
the terrain. By this time the fluid flow was quite prodigious and immediate
action could no longer be deferred, so I dropped my mouth to the effected
area and began a vigorous effort to suck up the fluid flow and lick dry the
rest of the area. Anneri's increasingly forceful moans drove me on, and as
she began to cry out "PLEASE PLEASE OH GOD PLEASE" I threw my last reserves
into the effort, my tongue darting madly, but as her spasms increased in
force while the volume and pitch of her screams heightened I feared that
all my efforts were for naught and my darling would soon be done, but then
she started to shout "YES YES OH YES" in an ecstatic voice and the violence
of her spasms was replaced by a sort of persistent trembling accompanied by
small moans. This continued for a few moments, then she lay silent and
still. I rose and caressed Ann's wet, glowing face, then covered it with
kisses. I unstrapped her legs and cut the rope to her wrists, so that the
few inches of dangling rope below her hands would not be a hindrance, and
carried her to a chair, where I sat with her on my lap and put my arms
around her and held her close as I rocked her.

I don't know how long we remained like that; a long time, I think, but it's
not by oversight that nothing in the Playroom helps to measure time. Ann
may have slept a little. When she began to stir in my arms, I kissed her
and asked, "So how are you?".

"I'm good", she said, smiling, "but you're a mess".

"We could both using a cleaning up before supper", I said.

"FOOD !", Ann said, "yes, I'm famished".

"Well, shower first", I said as I put her on her feet and nudged her
towards the bathroom. I followed her in, and got the water running good and
hot, steaming up the bathroom, before I disrobed. As I did, I noticed Ann's
smile change from the small, mellow smile she had come in with to a wide,
satisfied smirk. "Wipe that smile off your face, dear," I told her, "it's
inappropriate for a Sextoy to look so smug".

"Yes, SIR", she said - and went on smiling.

"What AM I going to do with you", I said (I didn't lack for ideas of how to
punish that breach of obedience, but there would another day for that),
"well, for now I'm going to wash you and feed you", I said. "Raise your
hands above your head", I ordered. When she did so, I began lathering her
up, taking handfuls of liquid soap and rubbing them into her with hard,
steady strokes, and making sure to cover her quite thoroughly, then took
her by the hands and stepped into the shower with her.

"Wouldn't you like me to get you lathered up ?", she asked, archly.
"Figuratively you already have, love; factually that's just what you're
going to do", I told her, and after getting myself nice and wet, I faced
her then picked her up and started rubbing her against me as she squealed.
I thorough lathered my chest by rubbing her thoroughly lathered breasts
across it, then put my face in her cleavage and moved it about till it was
good and soapy. Ever helpful, Ann helped soap the backs of my thighs and
buttocks by wrapping her legs around them. That still left the front of my
legs to be lathered, of course, so I planted a foot on base of the shower
and sat Ann astride that leg and slid her up and down my leg a few times,
then repeated the process on the other leg. There was still an important
area to be covered, so I had Ann kneel and spread the liquid soap over her
mouth and cheeks and told her to lather my crotch, which she did, quite
thoroughly, rubbing her face over the area until all the soap had been
transferred; the times her tongue darted over me, were, I'm sure,
inadvertent. Now well lathered, I let the shower wash the soap off me and
stepped out to dry myself while she let the warm water run over her, then I
toweled her dry and dressed before leading her out of the bathroom and to
the door of the dungeon, which I opened, then took her hands and untied
them. She smiled shyly, then raised her hands and placed them behind her
head, putting her fine breasts on display for me, and I took the moment to
caress them. Then I opened the outer door, and picked up her clothes.

"You go up first", I said, and waited till she was a few steps ahead of me
to follow.

"So, sir", she said, "is letting me get a head start a sign of your trust,
or your way of demonstrating your power over me by showing that I won't try
to flee ?".

"Actually, it's my way of watching your ass as you walk up the steps", I
replied.

Untying Anneri's hands, while it provided a nice moment, was really just a
practical consideration; I didn't want her hands rope tied for too long.
But I had no intention of letting her out of bondage, not because I though
she might leave, but because I like keeping Ann in bondage. So when we got
to the upstairs I had her lay on a thick soft (faux) bearskin rug, wrapped
her up nice and snug, with just her head and feet sticking out, and sealed
the rug (it had built in locks) so she couldn't get out. She was nicely
swaddled in a good tight bondage that wouldn't let her do much more than
wiggle her toes, but didn't cut off circulation or restrict her breathing
(well, not much, anyway). I positioned her so she was looking at a bunch of
feathers, secure in the knowledge that she would make the connection
between the feathers and her bare, vulnerable feet; I had no plans to use
them, today, but she didn't need to know that. She'd have time to worry
about more tickle torture while I got our dinner.

"I'll be leaving you for awhile. This room isn't soundproof, but sound
doesn't carry well when the door is closed. But when this light is on, that
microphone will pick up whatever you say and carry it to speakers spread
around the house, so you aren't out of touch. You can speak as much as you
want, in fact make it a point to say something every few minutes, and give
a yell if you need me, but don't cry wolf. If you violate any of these
instructions I'll think of something quite exquisitely painful - well
beyond your pain tolerance - to punish you with. Understood ?"

"Yes, sir", she said from her cocoon.

Anneri chatted happily enough while I prepared supper. I suppose it was a
unique pleasure for her to talk without my constant interruptions and with
the knowledge that I was listening for once. When our meal was ready I
brought it to the Playroom and undid the rug, then buckled Ann's wrists
behind her with soft leather cuffs, leaving off the padlocks this time. I
made her kneel, facing me, on a pillow at my feet, and fed her bite sized
ravioli and meatballs while I stroked her hair and face, and when the meal
was over held her on my lap and cuddled her for awhile. But as Ann could
doubtless tell as she sat in my lap, it had been awhile since my appetites
had been addressed, and since kindness and nurturing are new concepts to
me, I can only handle so much of them at one time, and frankly I was way
past my threshold. It was time to get nasty.

I pushed Ann's legs off my lap and pivoted her so we were facing in the
same direction and I could get a good hold of her breasts while I tried to
devour her neck. After a few minutes of squeezing and sucking, I stood her
up and shoved her legs apart. I put my left hand between her legs and
played with her, while I opened my pants and reached for a condom with my
right. She promptly began rubbing herself against my fingers, and when I
had both hands free again I started teasing her nipples while fingering her
pussy until she was good and moist and then I took her by the hips and
guided her onto me. She enthusiastically took over at that point, moving
herself up and down on my cock while I stroked her thighs and watched, when
able, the mirror on the wall to enjoy the rippling of her breasts as she
raised and lowered herself on me. After this had gone on for a while, I
grasped her under the breasts and under the thighs and staggered to the bed
with her and pushed her onto the bed on her knees, her face pressed to the
mattress, and began thrusting into her, her body vibrating with the impact.
I undid her wrist cuffs so she could use her hands and she raised herself
up on her hands and knees as I continued to drive into her with long smooth
strokes that kept her dangling breasts swaying to and fro with each thrust
as I stroked her sweaty head with one hand while keeping the other on her
hip and we grunted in unison and I was close to coming but it was too soon,
too soon for this to end and I withdrew from her pussy and lay on the bed
and pulled her head to mine and locked it in a kiss while my hands roamed
her body then grasped her by the thighs and pulled her knees up under her
so she was sitting above me and she plunged onto me again and again while
her breasts flew and her face twisted into a glowing mask simultaneously
beautiful and grotesque and it could be delayed no longer and I fired
within her as she shuddered and screamed and we came together, and then the
moment past and she fell off me and I pulled her to me and held her in the
short silent moment when I could love without need, and we both drifted off
to sleep.

I awakened after an uncertain period and tried to tell from her breathing
if she was awake or asleep, and when I determined that she was awake I
kissed her and squeezed her tight, and she snuggled against me. We lay like
that for a long time. After a while I whispered to her, "Stay here for the
rest of the night. You can go home tomorrow", and she said "You're going to
have to drag me OUT of here, too".




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Steven S. Davis


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





