BDSM Library - Liliane




Liliane
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Innocent girl is captured by a couple who have set up a business making torture movies. She is tortured twice, whilst they film, then they go off and have a heavy BDSM scene between themselves, then come back and torture her again. Finally she is 'released', by fixing her to the back of a bus so that everyone sees her. It would come into the 'serious torture' category, but not snuff or mutilation.
Disclaimer: This story is entirely fictional, has no basis in reality and is
intended solely to illustrate a fantasy. It should in no way be considered as
condoning any similar acts to those portrayed.




Author: Nazgul

Liliane

Part I

Kidnap.

Liliane's great-grandparents were African, taken from their homes and sold as
slaves in the West Indies over a century ago. Liliane herself was the result of
a series of inter-racial marriages, and it has to be said that the genes had
done their stuff. 5ft 11, slim, 37C breasts, a small but slightly protruding ass
that bore witness to her penchant for jogging, she was a real beauty. A cascade
of jet-black hair, straight and full of high-lights, fell to below a tiny waist
that topped long, long legs that seemed to go on forever. Regular features, big
eyes and a skin, glowing with health, that hovered somewhere between black and
copper completed the picture. She didn't walk, she moved with a mixture of
sensual strut and flowing glide, blatantly full of sensuality, all the more so
as it was quite unconscious. One thing was for sure, should you pass her in the
street, you would be sure to stop, turn and watch her walking away from you, be
you man or woman. And she dressed in keeping with her aura - skin-tight jeans
and tight-fitting sweaters when it was cold, tank-tops and shorts or mini-skirts
in the summer.

At 26 Liliane was not an innocent - not that she was really gone on sex. Oh, she
had had a couple of affairs, but right now she had no-one, and was feeling a
little depressed. Her last boy-friend had rather put her off men temporarily. He
had been OK in bed, but he was such a pig! Dirty socks and underwear strewn
everywhere, he didn't take a shower more than once a week, in short, the pits.
Trouble was, Liliane was a cleanliness maniac, everything had to be spotlessly
clean around her and personal hygiene was top of the list where she was
concerned. She showered in the morning, and again in the evening. When she went
jogging, or to the judo club, it was three showers a day.

She worked in a big, world-famous London store, in one of the beauty boutiques
that it harboured. She sold perfume, high-class, expensive perfume. She had been
chosen, of course, for her beauty and had learned the job as she went along. The
pay was not that good, but the working conditions suited her. Since her parents
and brother had gone back to live in Jamaica, two years ago, she was as free as
a bird, her only regret being that she couldn't afford better lodgings. She
lived in a one-room flat in a rather run-down suburb of London, a 45minute Tube
ride from her work. It was small and the neighbours, though friendly when she
met them, didn't mix much, preferring to mind their own business.

She came out of the dingy Tube station, into the cold winter air this Saturday
night, after a long week's work. Streetlamps highlighted the run-down houses and
litter-strewn pavements as she set off on the long walk to her flat. As she
walked, she dreamed of finding a better-paid job, one which would allow her to
move to a better area. Huh! Fat chance of that, she had no qualifications for
anything other than sales, she didn't know anyone who could help her. No, she
would just have to make do with what she had, and, after all, she wasn't that
badly off. As she walked passed a van parked at the curb, an arm suddenly shot
out from the deep shadow and snaked round her neck, nearly pulling her off her
feet, into the hard body of a man. Before she had time to react, a hand clamped
a pad of sickly-smelling cloth over her nose and mouth, cutting of the yell that
she, in her surprise, was about to give. She struggled furiously, trying to
manoeuvre her body backwards under the man's centre of gravity, preparatory to
throwing him over her shoulder, but he moved back with her, countering the
action. Her head started to swim, her struggles lessened and a veil of darkness
swam over her. She went limp, stopped from falling only by the man's strong
arms. There was the sound of grating metal as another figure opened the van's
doors, and between them they bundled Liliane's limp body into it. The man
climbed into the driver's seat, started the engine, and it pulled out, slowly
and correctly, moving decorously down the deserted street.

The beginning.

Liliane came to her senses very slowly. Her head ached and she had a taste in
her mouth like the bottom of a parrot's cage. Instinctively she tried to hold
her head in her hands, but found that she couldn't. Her arms were held up above
her head somehow. Groaning, she opened her eyes, blinking in pain as the light
hit her pupils. When the tears cleared away, she looked up and to her amazement
saw that her arms were widespread above her head, manacles around her wrists,
with short chains leading to each end of a thick wooden rod suspended from some
mechanism fixed to a beam in the ceiling. What the hell was going on! She
lowered her head, and saw immediately that she was clad only in her bra and
pants, the pure white material contrasting starkly with her dark skin. She was
sitting on the floor, her back against the wall, a leather strap over the top of
her thighs and attached to ring-bolts let into the cement holding her firmly in
place. Her legs were widespread, straps round her ankles and cords going to two
more ringbolts.

Liliane tugged at the fastenings around her wrists, but it quickly became
obvious that they were pretty solid, there was no way she was going to get
herself free. Panic started to flood into her brain, what on earth was happening
to her, where was she, how had she got here, who had undressed her, why was she
tied up like this? - the questions flooded into her mind, jostling for
attention. She tugged again at her bonds, to no avail. This just wasn't true, it
had to be a bad dream, the last thing she could remember was walking home. She
shut her eyes, trying to gather her thoughts, but her mind was in a muddle, her
head ached and she was starting to feel cold.

Getting a grip of herself with an effort, she opened her eyes again and looked
around her, hoping to find a clue to something. The room was big, the walls,
floor and ceiling bare concrete. Tables and equipment littered the place, but
the most noticeable thing was a metal-frame gantry with three big video cameras
and monitors on it. She seemed to remember having seen something similar in a
programme on film-making. It just didn't make any sense, here she was, sitting
almost naked on the floor, tied up, in some strange place, when she should have
been at home getting supper.

A slight noise caught her attention and turning her head towards it, she saw a
door at the far end of the room open. Through it came two figures who moved
forwards until they were standing in front of her. One of them was a man. That
was obvious from the sight of his semi-erect cock, the base of which, behind the
ball-sack, was surrounded by a tight, thick rubber ring. Lifting her head, she
gasped as she realised he had no face! The front of his head was covered with a
smooth, featureless white mask, through the eye-slits of which she could just
make out his eyes, staring down at her. Apart from that, all he was wearing was
a tightly-cinched wide leather belt and black thongs on his feet. He appeared to
be quite young, 30-35, well-muscled, and now quite motionless.

The other was equally obviously a woman. Liliane found herself staring at the
woman's sex - two thick gold rings pierced her labia. Around her impossibly tiny
waist was a belt with a wide oval plaque in front, compressing her belly. Her
generous breasts were help up by a black leather sling bra which left her
nipples exposed - nipples of a dark-brown hue, about an inch long, transfixed by
thick barbells, the balls on each end pressing deeply into the flesh on each
side. She too wore a featureless mask, with a black ponytail cascading from
half-way up the back of her head to down just above her shoulders. Her feet were
also clad in black thongs.

"Who are you," gasped Liliane, her voice strained. "Why am I tied up like this?
What do you want with me? Let me go AT ONCE!" Her voice rose to almost a shriek
at the end, she was beginning to feel frightened, the two motionless,
featureless strangers standing looking down at her projected a strange feeling
of evil, of wickedness, of... she was not sure quite what, but she felt
instinctively that they meant her no good.

"Let me go! Let me go! LET ME GO!!" she shouted at them, tugging once more at
the manacles round her wrists. For all the notice they took of her, she might
just as well not have existed.

After a couple of minutes the man bent over and undid the strap across her
thighs. At the same time the woman moved to the wall beside her and pressed a
button. There was a whirring noise from the ceiling and Liliane felt herself
being pulled up, up, until she was standing erect, legs and arms splayed out in
a large X. The woman pressed the button again and the winch on the beam, the
sort used by amateur mechanics for lifting engines out of cars, sighed to a
halt.

The woman moved to the gantry, pushing it over towards Liliane. Then she
switched on the cameras and monitors and busied herself focusing them. Soon
Liliane could see images of herself on two of the screens - the third camera
seemed to be pointed at the wall beside her. Then the figure of the man appeared
on it, standing to her left. He spoke.

"Hello again. Welcome to Number 8 in our series of torture films, brought to you
by Pain Movies. Our star this time is Liliane, a 26-year old of Jamaican
descent...."

"YOU BASTARD, LET ME GO!! I'LL HAVE THE POLICE....." Her tirade was cut short by
the faceless woman, who deftly shoved a rubber ball gag into Liliane's mouth,
fastening it tightly with Velcro straps at the back of her neck. Reduced to
silence, Liliane's mind raced. This just couldn't be happening to her! A torture
film, and her the star? That could only mean one thing, and now she was really
scared.

"As I was saying, Liliane is going to be the star of this new film. However we
have, as always, your best interests at heart, and we know that what you want is
something new every time. Fortunately we have been able to find out some very
interesting facts about our young - and beautiful - friend. For one thing, she
is a fitness freak, which means that physically she will be able to stand a lot
of pain. In addition to that, and perhaps even more interesting, she has a mania
about cleanliness, and more specifically about bodily hygiene. This has given us
an idea. Instead of just torturing her, we are go into persuade her do some
things that she absolutely will not want to do. It will be very interesting to
see just how much pain she is willing to endure in order to avoid the tasks that
we are going to set her. First of all, she is going to ask, of her own volition,
and politely, to be allowed to lick Shirley's pussy and asshole until she has an
orgasm. Next, she is going to ask me to be allowed to suck my cock until I cum
in her mouth - and she will have to swallow all of it. Thirdly, she is going to
ask Shirley to squat over her and piss in her mouth so that she can drink it all
down. Finally, she is going to beg me to allow my dog to fuck her asshole."

At this, Liliane went wild, tugging furious at her bonds, using all her strength
in an attempt to free herself. There was no way, NO WAY, that she would ever do
any of those things! It was vile, disgusting, filthy - she ran out of words for
it. They could do what they liked to her, she would never, EVER, do any of those
things! Filthy perverts! How could anyone even think of such things?

"As you can see from her reaction, Liliane certainly won't want to co-operate
with us, which is just what we want. The rules of the game are very simple, we
will torture her until she begs to be allowed to lick Shirley's pussy. When she
has done that, we will "persuade" her to go on to her next task, and so-on. Only
when she has performed all four of them will we even consider letting up."

Shirley came to stand beside her partner, in view of the camera. "We have given
a lot of thought to the tortures we are going to use on Lilane; I am sure you
will not be disappointed with the results. The first one is a combination of
internal and external pain that we have decided to call the Flooded Beat, for
reasons that will become obvious to you. But before we start to prepare her for
her ordeal, I am sure that you are all dying to see more of her."

So saying, she put out her hand and undid the Velcro straps, pulling the hard
rubber ball from between the girl's teeth. Liliane immediately launched into a
tirade of swear words, invectives and pleading all mixed up together. All of
which was of course completely ignored. Mike, for that was the man's name, moved
round behind her, a small knife that he had picked up from a nearby table in his
hand. Deftly, he cut the straps of the girl's bra, which slipped down her body,
leaving her breasts in full view. And what breasts they were! Not the
pear-shaped sort that hang down, folded over themselves. These were full, round,
fat breasts that, even in the stretched position in which she was held, stuck
out gloriously from her chest. No silicone here, just lovely, smooth-skinned
breasts with wide, thick nipples that were already standing out, just begging to
be sucked, held there by the tension in her body.

The blade of the knife slid down, across the smooth, dark skin and under the
waist-band of her pants at the top of her right hip. The keen blade slit the
thin material, which dropped away, exposing her sex as it slipped slowly down
her left leg. Mike, bending down, slit the other leg, grabbed the pants and
threw them into a corner of the room. The camera focused on that part of her
body showed clearly the lips of her sex, clean-shaven as behoves a hygiene
freak, and the monitor picked up the glint of the paler tissues inside them
where the spread of her legs held the lips apart.. Liliane, in a purely reflex
action and with no hands free to cover this most intimate part of her body,
tried to close her thighs, but the straps round her ankles, keeping her feet
wide apart, made this impossible. The ripple of muscles along her thighs as she
did so showed up enticingly on the screen.

"You pervert pig!" she spat at him.

"As you can hear, Liliane is full of fighting spirit," Mike said to the camera.
"So much the better for us, this kind of attitude means that she won't give in
lightly to our demands. She really does have the most gorgeous body, doesn't
she." And so saying, he reached round a hand, took one of her breasts in it and
massaged it, the dark skin rippling as the fluids inside were moved around.

Shirley picked up a length of wooden rod with a T-bar fixed to one end, the
other terminating in a steel point. The T-bar was placed horizontally against
the cheeks of Liliane's ass, the point placed on the concrete floor, and then
Shirley suddenly pushed both the rod and the girl forwards, as hard as she
could. The result was that Liliane's body was bent into the form of a bow, her
belly and sex jutting out aggressively. Because of the rod, there was no way she
could move back to her natural position.

"Now that our star is in position," said Mike, "we can move on to the
preparation." He held up a long, thin instrument in his hand. Nodding to it, he
said, "This is a modified Foley urinary catheter. It goes into the urinary duct
and it has two balloons, about 2" apart, one of some 30cc's, the other about
100cc's. I have already smeared it with K6Y jelly, now I am going to insert it
into Lilane's pee-hole."

Crouching down, Mike used his left hand to separate the girl's lips whilst his
right held the catheter. Locating the entrance to the urinary duct, he started
to slowly slide the catheter into it. There was some small resistance when it
met the ring of muscles closing the entrance to the bladder, but a bit of extra
pressure made short work of this. Liliane, incapable of almost any movement in
this tautly-stretched position, screamed at him to stop, but he ignored her, and
in no time the end of the catheter was inside her. A squeeze of the air-bulb
with the no-return valve attached to the outer end of the catheter inflated the
little balloon inside her bladder, ensuring that there was no possibility of her
expelling the instrument. A couple of pumps of the second bulb and the other
balloon swelled up, tight against her sex, pulling the inside balloon securely
against the ring of muscle and thus totally eliminating any chance of Liliane's
getting rid of the contents of her bladder through any voluntary or involuntary
action of her own. Her bladder was now completely under Mike's control and any
pee that was in there stayed inside, since he had taken care to shut the valve
at the end of the catheter before staring the insertion. Liliane could feel the
pressure of the balloons against her tissues, but there was no pain, just a
slight discomfort.

Shirley now fitted a wide leather collar round the girl's neck. From this, at
the back, dangled two short chains, terminating in manacles. Reaching up, Mike
undid the manacle round her right wrist and, keeping a very firm grip of it with
both hands, he brought her arm down and then twisted it up behind her back,
where he clicked the manacle into place. At no time during this process did
Liliane have the slightest chance of freeing herself. He repeated the operation
on the other arm. The T-bar was removed from behind her and placed with the T
across the tops of her thighs. Grabbing a handful of hair, Mike pulled her head
down, so that she was forced to bend over the bar, until her torso was parallel
with the floor. Shirley swung one leg over Mike's arm and, with her legs wide
open, moved forward until the girl's head was between her thighs. When she was
in position she closed her legs, thus imprisoning Liliane's head between them,
in the most humiliating manner.

Liliane found that she could hardly move at all, she had no leverage to go
backwards, and the T-bar prevent her from going forwards, while her head could
move neither up nor down. Then, horror of horrors, she felt something touch her
anus.

"YOU FUCKING BASTARD!" she yelled, "DON'T TOUCH ME THERE! STOP IT, I TELL YOU,
STOP IT!!" She might just as well have saved her breath as Mike's finger, gloved
and covered with K-Y, pressed against her anus and suddenly, with a fluid
motion, penetrated it. Liliane was horrified. No-one, but no-one, had ever
touched her there in her whole life! And there she was, impaled on this
stranger's finger. Worse was to come, as he started working his finger around
inside her, stretching and loosening the anal muscle. After a while, and with
some difficulty, he worked a second finger up inside her. This hurt, and she
shrieked her muffled protests from between Shirley's thighs. Shirley was
thoroughly enjoying all this, the girl's neck was thrusting up hard against her
sex as she tried to free herself and the movement was turning her on.

After a while , when he was satisfied that Liliane's anus had been sufficiently
dilated, Mike held up his right hand so that the camera could see what he was
holding in it. It was a long, thick rubber tube, with two inflators at one end
and two balloons at the other.

"This is a enema tube, " he announced. "I don't need to tell you where it
is going, do I!" And with this he removed his fingers and before Liliane could
take stock had replaced them with the tip of the tube and thrust it up inside
her. Grabbing one of the inflators, he pumped it three times and Liliane could
feel the balloon swelling up in her rectum. Several pumps of the second inflator
and she felt the external balloon pressing against the crack of her ass.

"The nozzle that I am using is a new model. The inner balloon can be inflated
safely to about 500cc's, which is quite a decent volume. I am going to pump it
up to over 700cc's, so Liliane's lovely little ass is going to be quite full
before we even start." At these words the girl shuddered, this was only the
beginning! Shirley felt the movement through her thighs, guessed what her victim
was thinking, and chuckled to herself.

"Honey," she thought, "if you knew what was coming, you'd be happy to stay like
this forever!"

Mike now started pumping the inner balloon up to and over its limits, and as he
did so Liliane could feel the horrible thing inflating, swelling up like some
terrible tumour, pushing uncomfortably against the walls of her rectal tube.
When he had finished, he inflated the outer balloon to its limit, and her anus
was as much under his control as her bladder. Because the two balloons were so
close together the inner one was being pulled hard against the anal muscle and
there was no way anything was going to get out of there! There was still no pain
but she felt full, as though she hadn't been to the toilet for some time.

Shirley released Liliane's head from between her thighs. The back of the girl's
neck was wet from the juices which had run down from her torturer's cunt, her
movements to free herself had got Shirley really very excited! Liliane could
feel the liquid, guessed what it was and squirmed mentally. It was just too
disgusting, as was the invasion of the most intimate and private parts of her
body. Worst of all was the fact that she was helpless, she couldn't get rid of
them! She tried hard to push the nozzle out of her ass, but all her efforts came
to nothing. Shirley giggled behind her mask as the expression on Liliane's face
told her what the girl was trying to do.

Moving over to the wall, she pressed the switch again, the winch hummed and the
bar slowly descended until it was about level with Liliane's breasts. Mike
repeated, in reverse, the operation with her arms, the winch hummed the bar back
up and in no time Liliane was returned to her original position, arms
wide-spread above her head.

Mike next produced a small, two-pronged hook attached to a length of cord. He
paced the two prongs in Liliane's nostrils, threaded the cord through a ring on
the wall behind her and about a foot above her head, and pulled. The hook bit
into her nose and she was forced to bend her head backwards to relieve the
pressure. At the same time she opened her mouth to yell at him. Shirley seized
the opportunity to slip a dental jaw-spreader over her upper and lower teeth and
operate the ratchets, fixing the girl's mouth wide open. This prevented her from
speaking coherently, she was now only able to make distorted noises.

Standing on a short step-ladder, Mike suspended a transparent container filled
with three of four litres of some clear green liquid from a hook let into the
beam above Liliane's head. From the bottom of this container ran a transparent
plastic tube, about the diameter of his thumb Still standing on the ladder, he
smoothed some K-Y onto the end of the tube and then, carefully, inserted it into
his victim's mouth and started to push it down her throat.

Liliane felt the rounded tip of the tube touch the back of the roof of her mouth
and then begin to penetrate her throat. She started to choke, panicking, trying
to shake her head to avoid this further violation, but she quickly stopped as
the hook tore at her nose. By now the tube was halfway down her throat and she
was overwhelmed by a feeling of sheer helplessness. The sensation was horrible,
somewhere between choking and being suffocated, but there was absolutely nothing
she could do to stop it. It was only now that it really came home to her to what
degree she was at the mercy of these two fiends. Her neck ached badly, bent back
to an unnatural degree as it was, but any movement to alleviate the pain only
result in more pain in her nose. She felt, or rather sensed, the tube penetrate
down into her stomach. When this happened, Mike fixed a clamp to it, so that it
would not descend any further.

The next part of the preparation was a small electric pump, with a 500cc
container of clear red liquid, placed between the victim's feet. A thin tube
connected to the tiny pump was plugged in to the catheter in her pee-hole.
Finally, yet another container, covered with frost and filled with about three
litres of clear yellow liquid, was strung up from the beam and the tube
connected to the nozzle in her ass-hole.

When all this had been done, Mike slackened off the cord keeping Liliane's head
bent back, so that she could hold it almost upright.  Shirley then activated the
winch again, so that Liliane was drawn up until she was half on tip-toe. A small
pressure switch was placed under her left heel, a device a bit like the
foot-operated control used on sewing machines.

"As you can see," said Mike, addressing the camera again, "our charming Liliane
is all rigged up and ready to go. I'm afraid that she can't scream for the time
being, with the tube and stretcher in her mouth, but I can promise you that her
body language will tell you how uncomfortable she is becoming. Then, when she is
ready, I can promise you screams in plenty. In a moment I am going to open the
valves on the two big containers. The one connected to her throat, with the
green liquid, contains a mixture of very cold water and powerful emetic and
diuretic solutions. The other, destined for her ass, contains a freezing cold
solution that will fill her rectum and guts. The very low temperature will cause
quite severe cramps in her lower body, while the solution contains a dilute acid
that will attack the lining of her rectum, making her feel like she is on fire
inside. And just to finish things off, Shirley will lower the bar holding her
hands so that she will not be able to hold herself up on tip-toe by the ropes.
When she does come down, her heel will set off that little pump you can see down
there, between her feet, filling her bladder with a similar liquid to that in
the connection, so she'll feel on fire both back and front. How fast and
how far her bladder is distended will depend on how long she can keep up on her
toes. This in turn will cause quite a lot of pain in her legs. Of course, from
the other end the emetic and diuretic solutions will keep her kidneys feeding
into her bladder and her stomach sending liquid down to her guts. In short, she
is shortly going to be one very full-up young lady. Needless to say, all that
liquid is going to bloat her quite considerably. When it is all inside her,
we'll get down to the serious part. Oh, I nearly forgot, while she is filling
up, we have got a little surprise ready for her tits. Right, here we go."

So saying, he reached up and opened the valves on the two overhead containers.
The coloured liquids could be seen quite clearly on the monitors, creeping
slowly down the tubes - it was obvious that the flow rate was quite limited, so
it was going to take a while for Liliane to get the full benefit of the
treatment. At the same time, Shirley lowered the girl's hand until they were
nearly level with her mouth.

Liliane squealed through her open mouth as she felt the first of the liquid
enter her ass, a liquid several degrees below the freezing point of ordinary
water. The acid in it immediately went to work on the sensitive tissues and she
felt the first pangs of pain. Mike's devilish plan became quickly apparent to
her, here was ice-cold water burning her! Instinctively she came down off her
toes and her heel set off the pump, which made a high-pitched and very audible
whine. Quickly she went back up onto tip-toe. But the burning in her ass was
getting worse, and without realising what she was doing she set the pump going
again. Back up onto tip-toe, just as the first of a series of gut-wrenching
cramps hit her intestines. Christ, that HURT! Grimly she concentrated on staying
up on her toes, in spite of the pain inside her. But after a minute the monitors
showed clearly the tremors running down her thighs and calves as the strain of
this unusual position took its toll. Down she came, the pump whined, and she
could feel the pressure building up in her bladder. Up on tip-toes again, her
whole body now trembling from the effort, but knowing it was essential she
stayed up there. More cramps, and at the same time she could feel her stomach
swelling as the liquid trickled down her throat. She tried desperately to pull
down on the bar to help her stay up there, but couldn't get any real leverage.
Pump. Whine. Pressure. Up. Cramp. Pain. Burning. Pump. Burning. Screaming
muscles. Bloated. On. And on. And on.

Suddenly, Mike reached up and shut the vales, as Shirley operated the winch once
more, hauling the now suffering Liliane up onto her toes.

"As I told you, we have a special treat for Liliane's tits, and we are now going
to move on to that part." Shirley wheeled a small table in front of the girl. On
it was a large collection of very large hypodermic syringes, each one equipped
with a long needle and filled with a cloudy liquid.

"Whilst Liliane has a very nice pair of quite large tits," said Mike, "we
thought it would be interesting to see what they would look like if we doubled
them in size. I estimate that each tit holds about 600cc's of liquid. So I am
going to inject 500cc's into each tit. The liquid I shall be using is a saline
solution, dosed with the same dilute acid that is currently causing her some
discomfort in her guts and bladder."

So saying, he picked up one of the hypos, placed the needle on the skin under
her right breast and slowly, deliberately, pushed the needle up into it until
the tip of the needle was in about the middle of the breast. Apart from the
initial prick, no worse that getting a vaccination, it didn't hurt Liliane. Then
he started pressing the plunger, slowing pulling the needle out of her breast as
he did so. This was to ensure that the liquid was evenly distributed. She didn't
feel very much, being far more concentrated on the pain in her belly and
bladder, the latter now being really bad. She strained violently, trying to
empty it, but the balloon inside was doing an excellent job of sealing the
opening and her straining only hurt her even more. The burning sensation was
also now extremely painful

She felt the prick of a second needle this time under her left breast, but again
there was no pain. A third needle plunged into the right side of her right
breast, and as the hypo was emptied, there was a feeling of pressure. The same
thing happened to the other one. Then a needle went into the left side of her
right breast, which was by now beginning to feel quite warm. The pressure
increased, as it did in her left breast. By the time the fourth needle had
emptied itself into her, she was hurting quite badly from the pressure, and the
burning sensation was getting stronger and stronger. On the monitor, her breasts
were now swollen up quite considerably, the nipples standing out as if they were
excited by the heat.

Mike knew that the needle-pricks very not painful, so he decided to do something
about that. Seizing a nipple between finger and thumb, he thrust yet another
needle straight down through it. That did hurt! Liliane gave a muffled scream
around the tube in her throat. He pressed the plunger, quite fast, and the
sudden build-up of pressure caused her to scream again. The other breast got the
same treatment, then a second needle parted the tissues of the first nipple. Now
her tits was like two big balls of fire on her chest, aching, pulsing, burning,
the pain was really bad.

The valves on the overhead containers were opened again, the bar dropped, and
Liliane was back to trying to keep her heel off the switch. Slowly, painfully,
burningly, the pressure built up in her belly and her bladder, until it seemed
that she was going to burst. She tried to plead with them to stop, but no words
came out around the tube. She tried to scream, but could only make funny little
muffled sounds. Her legs were also on fire, the arches of her feet ached
atrociously, she trembled all over from the strain and glistening drops of sweat
broke out all over her body.

After a couple of minutes, Mike decided that she was ready. The tubes were
disconnected, her hands were hoisted up over her head again, the tube removed
from her throat, the hook in her nose was taken away and the jaw-spreader
released its grip on her teeth. She stood there, flat-footed, her belly now very
obviously distended, her breasts swollen way beyond their usual size, the skin
taut, shining with sweat.

"As I said at the beginning, Liliane has four tasks to perform. The first is to
beg Shirley to let her lick her pussy and ass-hole until she comes. We will now
find out if Liliane is ready to do this." To his satisfaction the bloated woman
shook her head furiously. "Never! You hear me, never! You can do what you like,
I won't do such a disgusting and evil thing!"

Mike was delighted. "You will remember that we call this the Flooded Beat
torture," he said to the camera. "So now, thanks to Liliane's co-operation, we
come to the second phase. I hope you find it interesting."

He took up a position to the right of the strung up girl, while Shirley went to
stand on her left. In his right hand he held a short rod, about eighteen inches
in length, to the end of which was attached a strip of thick stiff leather,
about two inches wide. Shirley, who was left-handed, held a similar instrument.
Mike drew back his arm and, with a horizontal movement, brought the leather
cracking across Liliane's bare, distended belly. The pain was agonising! Her
skin was sensitised by the distension caused by the liquid inside her, and the
leather lash burned like a red-hot iron. At the same time, due to the thickness
of the leather, it squashed her belly where it hit her, causing considerably
pain from pressure. She tried to double up, to relieve the pain, but has held
erect by the manacles around her wrists. She screamed and twisted violently in
her bonds. As the scream died in her throat, Shirley brought her lash cracking
across the swollen breasts, right across the nipples. Later, a slow-motion
replay would show how the impact of the heavy leather flattened the breasts at
the point of impact, causing the flesh all around it to stretch even further
than it already was. Liliane screamed again, a high-pitched wailing scream that
went on and on as the pain ripped through her. Crack! The other lash hit her
belly. Splat! went the second one, across her breasts. She screamed, and
screamed, and screamed. Never, in her worst dreams, had she ever imagined that
such pain could exist, it was beyond belief. Crack! Splat! More screams. Then
the pair of torturers stopped. Liliane, twisting, writhing, screaming, did not
realise immediately what was happening. As the pain of the blows died away
slightly, she saw that the pair of them were standing there, motionless, the
terrible lashes hanging from their hands. Then Mike lifted his lash.

"No, NO, NO!! PLEASE!! PLEASE, DON'T HIT ME AGAIN!", she yelled. The lash
whistled though the air and crashed onto her, low down, across her bladder.

"AYIEEEEEEEEEE!!!" This time the pain was even worse than before, it was as
though she was going to rupture.

"YOUHHHHWWWWWWWWWW!!!" Shirley's leather slashed across her already swollen and
inflamed nipples. It felt like they had been scraped raw and were now about to
split open.

The hands dropped again. Lilaine pleaded with them, hysterically.

Crack!! Crack!! This time the lashes landed almost simultaneously on belly and
breasts, sending the tortured woman into a veritable paroxysm of writhing and
screaming.

"NO MORE!! PLEASE, NO MORE!! DON'T HURT ME AGAAYYYEEEEEEEEEEE!!", as the lash
thudded once more against her agonised bladder.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYEEEEEEEEEE!! She was sure her breasts were going to be torn
right off as Shirley, with a refinement of sadism brought the lash crashing, not
frontally, but in a downwards sweeping motion across the top of them, on a
hitherto untouched area.

"STOP!! STOP!! YOU'RE KILLING ME!! screamed the girl. "I CAN'T TAKE ANY MORE!!
PLEASE!! PLEEEEASE!!

The faceless masks stared at her, almost enquiringly, the hands one more down by
their sides, motionless. By now Liliane's entire body was one sea of pain.
Cramps ripped through her belly from the inside, the tissues burned, she felt
like she was going to burst. Her breasts, well, there was no way of explaining
the pain, while her bladder screamed for relief.

Mike lifted his lash, slowly.

"NO! NO!! NO MORE!! I'LL DO IT", the terrorised woman screamed. "I'LL DO IT!!
I'LL LICK YOUR PUSSY!!

Mike lifted the lash higher, ready to strike.

NO!! NO!! NOOOO!! PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE LET ME LICK YOUR PUSSY!! PLEASE!!
PLEEEEEASE!!

Mike looked across at Shirley, who gave a minute nod. His hand dropped. Liliane
slumped in her bonds, relief flooding though her pain-wracked body. Mike's hand
twitched.

"I promise, I promise, I'll lick your pussy!" she gasped, seeing the movement.
"Please, please let me lick it!"

Shirley was delighted. Their victim had taken quite a battering before giving
in, which was good for the film, and now she was prepared to do what was
required of her, which was good for Shirley! Crossing the room, she released the
brakes on a steel gynaecological examination table and pushed it across to stand
just in front of their suffering victim. A low stool was placed just in front of
it. Then she helped Mike detach Liliane's wrists from the spreader bar, twist
them up behind her back and attach them to the wide collar round her neck. The
gantry was moved round and the cameras reset to take in the scene. Finally,
Shirley climbed onto the table and put her feet in the stirrups, whereupon Mike
adjusted the table so that her legs were spread obscenely wide apart, exposing
her now-glistening sex and her asshole. He turned a wheel, lifting one end of
the table so that her ass was higher then her head and shoulders. In this
position her magnificent breasts slid down her chest until they were almost
tucked under her chin.

Turning to Liliane, Mike placed containers on the floor, disconnected the tubes,
put the ends in the empty containers and undid the vales. Immediately the
contents of the girls bladder and rectum shot down the transparent tubes into
them. When he estimated that he had allowed her to expel about half the contents
of her bloated body, he re-sealed the valves, then turned to speak to the
cameras.

"As you heard a moment ago, Liliane here wants very much to lick and suck
Shirley's pussy and asshole until she has an orgasm, so I am going to let her do
so. She is going to kneel down on the stool and get to work. But before doing
so, there are some rules to be observed. First, should she hesitate to start, we
will immediately haul her back up into her original position, fill her up again
and then beat her for half-an-hour, after which we will give her another chance
to perform. If she starts straight away, she has 15 minutes to make Shirley cum.
If she fails to do so within the time limit, it's back to filling and beating,
followed by another attempt, and so on, until she succeeds. Needless to say,
Shirley is going to do her best not to cum. This, ladies and gentlemen, is a
contest between Liliane's tongue and Shirley's self-control, where if Liliane
fails, she loses, and if she succeeds, Shirley wins."

While he was talking Liliane just stood there apathetically, moaning to herself
and writhing from time to time. Whilst the pressure in her bladder and guts had
been reduced, the burning sensation went on, as did the burning and tightness in
her swollen tits. Added to this was the pain of the stripes she had received
from her two torturers. And now she was going to have to use her tongue of
Shirley! What's more, she knew that the woman was going to do everything in her
power not to cum, so that they could beat her bloated body again. She felt
Mike's hand on her shoulder, pressing hard, and she sank to her kneels on the
stool. There, right in front of her, was Shirley's sex, the lips wet with the
juices which had already issued from the sex tube. She couldn't do it! She just
COULDN'T!! It was horrible, disgusting, how could anyone expect her to do such a
foul thing! But at the same time as these thoughts went through her mind, she
knew too that she couldn't bear another session of the sadistic beating on her
still-distended belly and breasts!

In total despair, she bent her head, pushed out her tongue and tentatively
touched the lips with the tip of it. Shirley, delighted at the sensation,
steeled herself not to move.

"The clock has started," announced Mike, and Liliane knew that she had 15
minutes in which to save herself from more torture.

Desperately, the girl stuck her tongue out to its full length, poked it between
the lips, low down, and dragged it up between them towards the woman's clit. As
it ran over her nub, Shirley shivered, Christ that felt good! Encouraged by this
reaction, the girl repeated the movement again and again, pressing her tongue
into the cleft as hard as she could, rasping it up the length of the slit,
finishing with a back-and-forth motion on the clitoris.

Just when it was becoming obvious that Liliane was well on the way to winning,
Mike announced, "Of course, if Liliane does not pay any attention to Shirley's
asshole, the attempt does not count, and she gets beaten."

The girl moaned inwardly. She had been hoping that by concentrating on Shirley's
pussy she could get her to cum without having to have any contact with that
horrible place. Now she realised that she was going to have to do it. Revolted,
trying hard not to be sick, she bent her head further and touched her tongue to
the puckered anus. UGH!! The taste was awful, and the idea of what she was
lowering herself to do was even worse! There was no movement from Shirley.
Whilst the woman just adored anal penetration, this tiny touch did nothing for
her. Realising this, Liliane licked, hard, and was rewarded by a twitch. She
licked again, more twitching. The she tried shoving her tongue hard against the
ring of muscle. Shirley reacted. Liliane immediately went back to her sex,
working as hard as she could. Back down to the anus, trying to shove her tongue,
despite her revulsion, into it. She just HAD to make the cow cum, whatever it
cost her, otherwise she was going to suffer!

Shirley was now breathing heavily, thoroughly turned on, her juices flowing
freely. In fact, the talk about holding out for 15 minutes had been a by-play,
just to make their victim get on with it. As far as the film was concerned,
repeating the same torture was not on, the viewers wouldn't stand for it, the
video was costing them a lot of money, they want new stuff, not repetition. All
she had to do was keep an eye on the clock on the wall and cum at or around 14
minutes, whilst taking as much pleasure as possible from the operation.

Thinking about this, instead of concentrating on what Liliane was doing to her
turned her sexual fire down a bit. The girl recognised this fact by the
lessening of the bodily activity under the administrations of her active tongue.
She sought desperately for a solution, and found one. One her next journey up to
Shirley's clit, instead of going back down the slit, she stayed there, and
started to suck. She nuzzled her lips down into the cleft and sucked the woman's
clit for all she was worth. Shirley squirmed, her hips undulating. Liliane
sucked. And sucked, And sucked! Slowly, surely, the clitoris slid out of its
hood, gorging with blood, becoming tumescent. Liliane pressed her face further
into the slippery cleft, and caught the clit between her teeth.

At this point Shirley made a pre-arranged sign to Mike, who said to the camera,
"Of course, if Liliane takes advantage of her position to hurt Shirley, her
punishment will be terrible!"

On hearing these words, the sucking girl cursed to herself. She had indeed been
intending to get at least some revenge by biting. She knew it was risky, but the
idea of biting down really hard on that incredibly sensitive and essential piece
of womanly flesh with her sharp incisors, of even biting it right off, had
appealed to her tremendously. Now, she knew she wouldn't dare. Robbed of
revenge, self-preservation took over. Pressing her face hard against Shirley's
body, she got the tips of her teeth right down around the base of the organ, bit
down sufficiently to get a good grip on it, and then, slowly, very slowly, she
lifted her head.

The sharp teeth ran along the flesh, from base to tip, grating, pulling,
teasing. Shirley tightened very muscle, held her breath, half-expecting the
crash of white-lightning pain that would come from the bite she was afraid was
imminent. Her hips lifted, trying to follow the teeth, but the movement was
small, her pelvis blocked by the angle of her wide-spread thighs. She felt the
ecstasy of the sharp edges of the teeth sending a multitude of pain/pleasure
signals coursing through her belly, up to sparkle in her brain. As the teeth
finished their journey she let her hips fall back onto the table and gave out a
long moan, almost cry, of pleasure.

She felt Liliane's head crush back down into her slit, the drawing sensation of
the sucking, the feel of the teeth biting once more into the base of her organ,
and then the long, almost unbearably pleasurable sensation of them travelling up
it. This time she really screamed with pleasure.

The head went down yet again, the teeth took hold, and then Liliane felt two
strong hands grasp her head, holding it pressed down.

"Don't move!" gasped Shirley, her hips writhing against the girl's face. "Now,
bite harder!" Liliane increased the pressure of her teeth on the delicate flesh.
Then the hands were pulling her head up, up, her teeth moving reluctantly over
the skin, dragging the clitoris out as far as it would go. Shirley screamed the
whole journey!

"Again!", she cried. "Harder!"

Liliane obeyed, to the accompaniment of yet more screams.

"Again, you little slut!" cried the writhing woman. "Harder, harder!"

Liliane was becoming afraid to bite even harder, for fear that she would be
punished for hurting her enforced lesbian lover, but she increased the pressure
nevertheless, until Shirley screamed "STOP!" She blocked her jaws. The hands
told her to lift her head. She thought she would pull it out by the roots, it
seemed to draw out to an impossible length, her teeth excoriating the flesh to
yet more screams of mixed delight and pain. Not for nothing was Shirley both
sadist and masochist, and here she had a plaything to command, to give way to
her masochistic longings. Twice more the head dropped, the teeth took hold and
the head lifted. By now Shirley was on the edge, hovering, close to the final,
ecstatic explosion of feeling that would shake her body like a dog shakes a rat.

Suddenly, her hands forced Liliane's head down until her mouth was level with
her tormentor's cunt. Her female instinct told her immediately what Shirley
wanted, she wanted something in it! Without hesitation, albeit with the greatest
repugnance, she plunged her tongue into it as far as it would go, at the same
time twirling it around. Shirley squealed with delight, her strong hands forcing
Liliane's head into her, so that the poor girl's nose was flattened into the
crevice between the lips of her sex. Liliane couldn't breathe, but she tried
frantically to keep her tongue moving, anything in order to get this vile female
to cum and thus finish her disgusting ordeal. And cum Shirley did, great waves
of sensation flowing over her, shaking her body, the flush of the orgasm turning
her skin a rosy hue. She came, and came, and in her throes she kept her victim's
face crushed hard against her, until spots floated before Liliane's eyes and she
was on the point of suffocating.

It was Mike, paradoxically, who saved her, his hands prising Shirleys' free of
their grip, leaving the girl kneeling, her body a sea of pain still, sucking
down great lungfulls of air, while all the time Shirley writhed, moaning, on the
table, her cunt dripping the juices it so freely generated along the cleft
between the cheeks of her ass.

Swiftly Mike looped a cord over a pulley in the ceiling, fitted once more the
double-pronged hook into Liliane' nostrils and hauled her to her feet to stand,
immobile, while Shirley slowly came down from her sexual high. He put more
containers on the floor, opened the valves of the tubes in her urethra and anus
and let her empty herself. The relief was enormous, even the burning sensation
was dying down, although her breasts were still hurting a lot. Then the two
torturers left the room to get some food and drink, tired by their exertions
(!), leaving the poor Liliane standing there, liquids draining from her body,
trembling with fear of what was to come, because she knew she had three more
abominable tasks to perform, each one more hateful than the one before, and
because she knew that the pain was far from over. And all this time the cameras
whirled on, just as they would for the next scene, and the ones after that!




Liliane

Author - Nazgul

Part 2.

Liliane had been standing there for over an hour, her rectum and bladder now
completely voided, before her two torturers returned. Unbeknown to her, Mike and
Shirley had been discussing tactics.

"I think we should use a dental gag or a ring gag on her," Mike said, "otherwise
there is a chance that she will give in too quickly. After all, the idea is not
to make her do nasty things, but to torture her. The tasks are only an excuse,
to lend reality to the scene."

Shirley agreed. "I think a ring gag will be best, that will allow her to make a
lot of noise, without being able to say anything intelligible. That way, no-one
will know if she is giving in or not. Then we can decide when to stop and let
her do it"

When Liliane saw them coming into the room, her nerves went and she started
screaming at them. "Let me GO, you bastards, you filthy, perverted swine! You've
got no right to hurt me like this! LET ME GO!!!"

As usual, they ignored her, except that Shirley picked up the remote control
unit and switched on one of the cameras. The sight of Liliane shouting at them
like that would make a good transition when it came to editing.

Mike checked the contents of the containers, and also looked at the tubes
leading from her two orifices. He figured she was empty. He took hold of the
Folley catheter in her urethra and deflated the outside balloon completely.
Then, using guesswork, he half deflated the one at the end of the catheter
inside her bladder. The he started to try to pull it out of her. Liliane
shrieked. "Stop it, STOP IT! IT HURTS!!" she yelled.

The partly inflated balloon was too big to be pulled through the tiny tube, but
Mike was trying hard. The result was a terrible pain in the pit of her belly.
Mike chuckled to himself behind his featureless mask, and finally let the rest
of the air out and withdrew the catheter with a swift tug, making Liliane shout
out again with pain. He did the same with the nozzle in her anus, but without
causing her any pain, the tube was made of very soft rubber and slipped out
easily.

Liliane felt relieved. By now the effects of the liquid in her rectum and
bladder and died away to a mere suggestion of discomfort. On the other hand, her
bloated breasts still burned, but even that was not as bad as it had been. She
was very careful not to move, the twin hooks in her nostrils bit into the flesh
at the merest hint of movement, and that was painful. She just stood there, a
beautiful woman with a fantastic body, waiting to be tortured!

She didn't have to wait long. The tension on the cord attached to the nostril
hook was slackened, leather straps were fixed round her ankles and her feet were
pulled out until she was standing uncomfortably with her long legs stretched
widely and lewdly apart. Working together, Mike and Shirley untied first one
hand from the collar and then the other, attaching them to the ends of the bar
hanging from the ceiling winch, which Shirley then activated to pull them up,
until once more she was forced to stand on tip-toe to take the strain off of her
arms. Shirley then once again put the cross-piece of the T-bar against the
cheeks of her victim's ass and pushed it forward, so that it looked as though
Liliane were offering her sex to all and sundry.

Standing beside her, Mike spoke to the cameras. "Liliane has had time to recover
from her first task, now we have to persuade her to carry out the second one,
which, as you will remember, is to suck my cock until I cum in her mouth, and
swallow all the proceeds."

At this, Liliane shouted "Never, you filthy bastard, I won't, I WON'T!!!"

Ignoring this outburst, Mike went on. "Naturally, she will not want to do it, so
we are going to have to persuade her and, as you can imagine, our method of
persuasion is going to make her rather uncomfortable. We have decided to call it
the Bucket Press. Some of you have written in to say that you get a lot of
pleasure from the names we give the different 'treatments' our girls are
subjected to, because it is fun trying to work out, from the name, just what we
are going to do. I think you will find this one particularly interesting, though
I doubt very much if anyone can guess, from the title, just what we are going to
do. And that gives me an idea, maybe we could organise some sort of competition,
clients trying to guess from a list of titles just what each one involves. The
winner's prize could be, for instance, coming to one of our torture sessions.
We'll have to see what we can work out. In the meantime, let's try to convince
Liliane that she would like to suck some cock."

So saying, Mike went over to a table and picked up a metal instrument in his
right hand. In his left he grabbed an ordinary metal-framed office chair, put it
down in front of the stretched woman and sat on it. Shirley picked one of the
big cameras off the gantry and, hefting it onto her shoulder, moved in so that
she could film whatever it was Mike was about to do.

Transferring the instrument to his left hand, Mike stretched out the right and,
putting his thumb between the woman's lips, started to manipulate them. It
quickly became clear that he was stretching the pliable flesh, pulling down on
it, working his fingers into it until the left lip hung down a good inch below
her crotch. He transferred the tool to his right hand, now using the left to
keep working away at the soft flesh. He lifted the tool towards the distended
lip. Because of the way her belly was thrust forward, held rigidly by the T-bar
pressing tightly against her ass, Liliane could see nothing of what was
happening between her widely-parted legs. She could see nothing, but she felt a
spasm of fear shake her body, the feel of his fingers on her most intimate parts
was agreeable, but she was pretty sure that he wasn't doing it to please her.

In that, she was right. The instrument he was holding in his right hand, out of
her range of vision, was a leather worker's hole punch, the sort used to make
neat holes in leather belts by removing a piece of the material. It would work
just as well on human flesh, as Liliane was about to find out. Selecting one of
the medium-sized tubes on the punch, Mike pulled down steadily on the extended
lip, placed the tool over it and slowly squeezed the handles together. The sharp
edge of the short blued-steel tube first pressed the other side of the lip
against the anvil of the punch, then began to bite into the skin, cut through
it, carved on down through the tender and sensitive flesh, finally cutting its
way through the skin on the other side, to come to rest flush against the copper
anvil.

Liliane's body went rigid and she screamed at the top of her voice as the metal
bit into her. But strangely enough, once the punch had done its work the pain
subsided fairly quickly to manageable proportions. Until she felt the tube bite
into her right lip in the same way. Which caused her to scream again.

Mike inspected his handiwork. Right through the centre of each lip, about
half-an-inch in from the edge, there as a neat hole about 1/8" in diameter. At
the moment the holes were bleeding slightly. He got up from the chair, went over
to the table, picked up several things and came back to sit between her legs
again. Putting most of the objects on the floor, he approached her left lip with
his right hand. In it he held a stainless steel ring, a little less than an inch
in diameter and a bit over 1/8" in thickness. The ring was not complete, there
was a gap between the two ends. Grasping her lip firmly, he forced one end
through the punched hole, not without difficulty, the hole was a bit small.
Liliane screamed again at the pain.

Next, Mike picked up a pair of pliers and squeezed the ring so that the ends
met. Putting down the pliers, he picked up a soldering iron, already hot, and
some cored solder. These he applied to the ring, where the ends met, sealing the
gap. The iron was a big one, so the job was done quite quickly, little heat
being transferred, but enough to hurt a bit. Mike fitted a second ring to the
other lip in the same way. Because of the thickness of the rings, the small
amount of bleeding was stopped, the rings acting as plugs in the holes. Mike
took hold of one of the rings and started pulling it down towards the floor. The
lip of the girl's sex started to stretch obscenely. He pulled harder. Liliane
shouted at him to stop, it was hurting her, but he took no notice, just went on
pulling the ring down towards the ground. Soon she stopped shouting and started
screaming. Because the ring was quite thick, it was obvious that it was not
going to cut the lip, so that a lot more pressure than that which he was
currently exerting could be put on the ring, distending the lip even further,
before there was any danger of tearing. Satisfied, Mike let go. The lip, which
has no muscles in it, slowly, very slowly, resumed its normal size and shape. He
went through the same routine with the ring on the other side of the girl's sex.
Then he turned to face the camera.

"As you can see, it is possible to use quite a lot of force on these rings, thus
causing considerable amounts of pain. However, there is a second consideration.
If the lips of Liliane's sex are stretched too far for a long period of time,
there is a very definite and authentic danger that when the pressure is removed,
they will not resume their normal size, but will remain much longer, a bit like
the stretched ears, necks or lips of certain African natives. Now, knowing how
keen Liliane is on bodily cleanliness, fitness and so on, I am quite sure that
she would not be very happy if she had to walk around with the lips of her sex
hanging permanently half-way down her thighs."

Liliane, when she heard this, immediately started screaming insults at him
calling him every sort of twisted pervert under the sun, threatening him,
pleading, a never-ending stream of abuse. All of which, as usual, had not the
slightest effect. On the contrary, Mike was delighted to hear it, because it
showed that there was still plenty of fight left in her - a victim who gives in
too quickly is of no interest.

"I am sure," said Mike, still looking at the camera, "that you would like us to
get on with this, so I will continue the preparations." So saying, he got up,
put the chair back where it came from and went over to one corner of the room
where there was a low stand. Picking it up with some difficulty, for it was
quite heavy, he carried it over and placed it carefully between Liliane's feet.

The stand consisted of a cast-iron base, in the form of a cross, from the centre
of which rose a steel pipe about 2' high, with another one inside it and a clamp
at the top. Shirley put her camera back on the gantry, went behind Liliane and
removed the T-bar which had been holding her arched forwards. As the girl took
up a more normal stance, Mike moved the stand until the pipe was vertically
below her sex. He then fitted a lubricated black penetrator to the top of the
tube and before she knew what was happening slid the tube upwards so that it
slid up inside her sex as far as it would go, bottoming out firmly against her
cervix..

"TAKE ITOUT, TAKE IT OUT!!!!!" she screamed at him, trying to buck to rid
herself of the unwelcome intruder. To no avail, it was too far up inside her for
her to go up on tip-toes and get rid of it, and the base was too heavy for her
to slide it around on the floor.

On the base there were a couple of small pulley wheels. Mike clipped a couple of
cords to the rings in the lips of her sex, led them down round these pulleys, up
to the ceiling about 3' in front of her, over two more pulleys, and left them
dangling. Picking up a transparent plastic bucket, he tied the two cords to its
handle and let go, so that it dangled at about the level of Liliane's eyes. The
empty bucket was not very heavy, but she could nevertheless feel it pulling on
the two rings uncomfortably.

Finally, Mike led a transparent plastic tube up from a unit on the floor and
fixed it to the rim of the bucket with a clip, so that the open end of the tube
was pointing into the bucket.

"OK, ladies and gentlemen, Liliane is all ready to start pressing. The
penetrator, which is currently right up inside her, touching her cervix, is
spring-loaded. It can be pressed downwards. The spring is quite a strong one.
When it is fully depressed it activates an electric switch. This switch
deactivates a pump, which will pump water from this unit here on the ground into
the bucket which, as you can see, is suspended from the rings in the lips of her
sex. As the bucket gets heavier and heavier, it will pull those rings, and thus
her lips, further and further down towards the floor. We don't know how much
weight will be needed to tear the rings right out, so disfiguring her sex, but
we think that the full bucket will do the job. Fortunately Liliane has the
possibility to stop the pump. All she has to do is to bear down on the
penetrator so that it cuts the circuit. Of course, due to the strong spring she
will have to bear down quite hard and, since the penetrator is at the entrance
to her cervix, we can all imagine quite easily what will happen when  she starts
applying the pressure, it will probably be pretty painful. To help her, I am now
going to raise the penetrator so that she goes up on the tips of her toes."

So saying, Mike undid the clamp at the top of the tube and pushed the penetrator
up further inside her, so that Liliane was indeed obliged to stretch up onto her
toes. Mike did the clamp up and stood back.

"Now I am going to switch on the pump. Liliane then has a choice; either she
hurts herself on the penetrator, or she stays on tip-toes and lets the bucket
fill up. Incidentally, the bucket will take less than ten minutes to fill
completely, so she is going to have to do some quick thinking. It will be
interesting to see which course of action she chooses. But before I do so, there
is one more small thing."

So saying Mike went round behind the girl. He put one arm round her body, seized
a nipple and squeezed hard. The pain was wicked and she automatically opened her
mouth to scream. As she did so, he quickly inserted a ring gap into it. This was
a thick metal ring, about two inches in diameter, which fitted just behind her
front teeth, top and bottom. A strap on each side of it went round her neck and
was fastened behind her. The result was that Liliane could now scream, as
before, but she could not speak, or at least, not intelligibly.

There was a slight pause, then a high-pitched whine as the pump kicked in, and
water began to pour through the plastic hose into the bucket, right in front of
Liliane's eyes. She automatically eased herself down from her stance on
tip-toes, and as she did so she felt the flash of pain as the round-headed spike
started to penetrate her cervix; She moaned with the pain, and the pump whined
on. She flexed her knees, forcing her body to impale itself further. The pain
became atrocious, it felt like a red-hot knife was being forced into her
intestines. She screamed with the pain, but the whine of the pump was cut off as
the pressure of her womb on the penetrator cut the current. The pain got worse,
she screamed and screamed, and finally was forced to lift herself to stop it.
Water jetted into the bucket, which was by now about one-quarter full, and she
could feel the lips of her sex being stretched downwards.

Down she went again, forcing the horrible steel implement up into her womb,
causing herself the terrible pain that obliged her to scream in a vain attempt
to alleviate it, and to stop the bucket becoming heavier. Her body writhed and
twisted in agony. As long as she hurt, no water flowed. The second she lifted
herself, however, to gain a little respite, the water gurgled once more into the
bucket. Down she went again, to the accompanying screams. A red film drew itself
across her vision and for a moment she thought that she was going to lose
consciousness. But she was strong and fit and there was no release in that
direction.

Suddenly, she heaved herself up by her arms, in an attempt to pull her body up,
off of the penetrator. The fastenings on her ankles kept her firmly on the
ground, and she was oblige to push herself down again, onto the source of her
terrible pain, wailing and screaming as she did so.

By this time the bucket, thanks to her movements, was now about half-full and
the lips of her sex were distended considerably. She couldn't feel them, the
small pain was masked by the infinitely greater pain radiating out from inside
her belly. Shirley realised this, and quickly pushed a tall mirror on a stand
towards her, so that she could see herself in it. Shirley reasoned that she
would go to even greater lengths to stop the flow of water if she could see how
her lovely body was being disfigured. She was right, Liliane was horrified at
the thought and pressed down harder on the penetrator, hurting herself even more
so as she did so. She had completely forgotten, in the haze of pain in which she
now existed, that she could stop it at any moment, by simply agreeing to suck
Mike's cock. And even if she had remembered, she would have been unable to
inform them that she was ready to do it, because of the gag. She was caught in a
devilish round of 'hurt if I do, stretch if I don't' and there was no way out of
it. Which, of course, was exactly what Mike and Shirley had been counting on.
The longer she hurt herself, screaming and wailing as she did so, before they
let her give in, the better the film would sell, and also the ones to come after
it.

After about fifteen minutes of pure hell, Mike suddenly undid the strap of the
gag, pulled it out of the girl's mouth, and asked, "Liliane, would you like to
suck my cock now?"

"No, never!" she gasped, between two screams, which, by now, were becoming
rather hoarse.

"OK," replied Mike, delighted, "just let me know when you are ready."

By this time she could not only see but also feel the result of the weight of
the three-quarter full bucket on her lips. They were drawn down obscenely, much
farther than she would have though it possible, and the pain was starting to
make itself known to her, even above the other, atrocious, agony.

Through the haze of pain Liliane was being to realise that this was one she
couldn't win. If she didn't give in soon, either she was going to do her womb
irreparable harm, or the lips of her sex were going to be so distended that they
would never go back to their original size.

"Alright," she moaned, "I'll do it!"

"Do what?" asked Mike, sadistically.

"I'll suck your cock!" she screamed.

"And what else?"

"Isn't that enough, you bastard!"

"No, it's not, and for the insult, you will now ask me, politely, to allow you
to suck my cock, and then swallow all my cum."

"NEVER!!"

"OK."

"Alright, alright, I'll do it."

"Ask nicely."

She wailed in desperation. Doing it would be bad enough, having to beg to do it
was the height of humiliation. But the combination of pain and fear of
disfigurement finally overcame her shame.

"Please let me suck your cock and swallow you cum," she almost screamed at him.

"How much cum?" Mike asked, sardonically.

"All of it, all of it!"

"Now say it properly."

Please, please let me suck your lovely cock and swallow all your nice cum,
please, PLEASE!!!"

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, yes, YES!!!", she screamed, desperately.

Mike grinned, wolfishly. "There now, that wasn't so difficult, was it?" he said
and, reaching up, switched off the little pump. Liliane straightened her legs a
little, taking some of her weight off of the tip of the penetrator jammed
excruciatingly into her womb. As the pain inside started to lessen, she became
more aware of that caused by the bucket to the lips of her sex.

"Please, please, take the bucket off!" she pleaded.

"Not yet," said Mike. "Not until you have done what you promised."

"But you said that you would stop as soon as I agreed," she said, pitifully.

"I know I did, I lied," laughed Mike.

At this, Liliane wanted to scream at him, to call him a liar, to call him every
sort of filthy name she could think of, but she didn't dare do it, for fear that
he would retaliate by switching the pump back on. She knew she couldn't take any
more of that terrible pain.

"Please, please," she cried. "You'll ruin me if you don't!"

At this, Shirley moved over to Mike and whispered in his ear.

"OK," he said, "here's what we'll do. I'll take the bucket off you. Then, if you
don't do as you promised, I'll put you back on that penetrator, only this time
the switch will control an electric current you'll get through your clit and
cervix. Every time you ease off on the pressure, the voltage goes up a click.
You'll stay on it for one hour and believe me, you'll wish you were dead before
the time is up!"

"I'll do it, I promise," she gasped, horrified at the thought. Mike chuckled to
himself, it was obvious that the proud Liliane's will had been broken, at last
temporarily. Eeaching over, he unhooked the heavy bucket from the cords leading
to the rings in the lips of her sex. Liliane groaned with relief, straightening
up completely so that the pressure was taken off her cervix. But the sight of
her lips, still distended despite the removal of the weight, made her heart
sink. And in addition, she now faced the filthy, disgusting task of bringing her
torturer to an orgasm with her mouth! Never, in her wildest dreams, had she ever
contemplated such a thing.

Shirley and Mike moved in towards her, untied her hands from above her head and
tied her wrists tightly behind her. Then they forced her down on to her knees,
after removing the penetrator. Mike moved to stand in front of her, legs well
apart, his erect cock waving lazily in front of her face. Shirley hefted a
camera onto her shoulder and moved round so that she was facing him, over
Liliane's head.

Speaking directly to the camera, Mike said, "Now our young friend here is going
to ask me nicely if she can please suck me off to an orgasm and then drink down
every last drop of my come. If she doesn't, then she knows what will happen to
her. However, that's all very simple, so we have decided to make things a little
bit difficult for her. In the first place, she cannot use her hands which, as
you can see, are tied behind her back. Secondly, she has to make me come within
15 minutes. I should point out that I have a lot of will-power and will do my
very best not to. If she fails to do so, the punishment will be to put her back
on the penetrator, as I have already explained. I really don't think Liliane
would like that too much. OK, what do you say?"

Liliane, who had been listening to all this in horror, came to the very rapid
and simple conclusion that there was no way she could stand another 10 minutes,
much less an hour, back on the penetrator. Her belly still ached badly from the
first session and she was afraid that further time on it would do irreparable
harm to her reproductive organs. She just couldn't risk it. There was no way
out, she was going to have to give this sadistic swine a blow job, and she also
realised that she had better be polite, if she gave him anymore lip he was
liable to make things harder for her.

"Please may I suck your cock?", she asked, in a low, trembling voice.

"Sorry, I didn't hear that," said Mike, scowling down at her. "Try again."

"Please may I suck your cock and drink down all your cum?" said Liliane, hating
him and herself for giving in at the same time.

"But of course you may," he answered ironically, "and you have just 15 minutes
starting from...now."

The girl barely hesitated before leaning forward slightly and taking his
rock-hard cock into her mouth. She had thought it would taste horrible, but in
fact it had practically no taste at all. What did strike her was its texture.
The thick, tight rubber cock ring around the base of his member, including his
balls, was accentuating considerably its rigidity, in fact it felt as though it
was about to burst. The head of it, with the foreskin pulled back by the
tension, was a shiny, brilliant purplish colour and it slid easily across the
roof of her mouth as she moved forward. She had never done this before and was
not sure how to go about it.

"Bite, and you die, slowly!" she heard him say. She had more or less been
expecting that one, what sort of a fool did he think she was. She knew damn
well, without him telling her, that if she did try to get her revenge by biting,
she would be in real trouble

She moved forward further, so that his cock filled her mouth completely and she
could feel the tip of it start to enter her throat. She realised that she was
having trouble breathing and pulled back slightly. This was no good, time was
passing and she hadn't really done anything yet. If she was going to stay off
that penetrator she was going to have to get her act together. She closed her
lips around the shaft and sucked, hard. This brought a twitch from him. Next,
still sucking, she took him as far into her mouth as she dared, then withdrew
till only the tip was still in it, then repeated the action. That was more like
it, his breathing was getting heavier. Back and forth she pumped him, for about
5 minutes, but though she had obviously got him going, she was now making no
more progress.

Next she tried opening her mouth and licking the tip of his cock. She hated
doing it, but it was necessary. Then she remembered how she had finally got
Shirley off. She closed her teeth on the base of the head and then pulled her
head back, slowly, dragging the tips of her teeth across the swollen, taut skin.
He groaned. That was it, the same trick would work on him. She repeated the
performance and he groaned again, louder. And again, biting a bit harder this
time. And again, and again. Suddenly, he grabbed her head between his two hands
and shoved his cock as far down her throat as possible, and then froze in that
position. She couldn't breath! She tried to struggle lose, but his strong hands
held her tightly. Her lungs started to burn, and still he held her. Her head
started swimming and she saw red, literally. Just as she was about to pass out,
he withdrew a little and she sucked in a great, gasping breath.

She had hardly time to appreciate it before he thrust into her again. This time
he didn't stay there, but withdrew almost at once, only to thrust strongly
again. And again. He was throat-fucking her! The bastard! She had heard of it ,
but had never imagined that it would be anything like this. It was awful. To
start with, it hurt, his cock was hard and it was bruising her throat. Then it
was humiliating, being used in this way. She was completely helpless, she could
do nothing but take it.

Mike, on the other hand, was giving it. The hot flesh of her open mouth and
throat, plus the grating of the sharp edges of her teeth on his helmet, had
brought him to the point where only the pressure of the hard rubber ring was
making it possible for him to hold back. He drove his cock again and again into
the depths of her throat, cutting off her supply of air, hurting her,
humiliating her. He glanced up at a clock on the wall, only a couple of minutes
to go. Suddenly, his hand slipped down to his groin and activated a hidden catch
on the ring. It flew into two hinged halves. Immediately he felt the pressure
building, that old, familiar tinge, that tightening of the muscles that told him
he was about to cum. A couple more strokes, as hard and as vicious as he could
make them, deep down into his victim's throat, and then he drew back, so that
just the tip of his cock was in her mouth. Then he exploded!

He had withdrawn his cock quite deliberately. Had he left it deep in her throat,
and then cum, she would not have tasted anything. As it was, the flood of cum
filled her mouth and her tastebuds got the full effect. Fastidious as she was,
Liliane was revolted by the salty taste, and even more by the thought of what
this thick, viscous liquid was that was rapidly filling her mouth. Even more by
the idea that she was going to have to swallow it. For an instant, she thought
about pulling back her head and spitting it all out. But she knew, she was sure,
that if she did so, the punishment that would inevitably follow would be far
worse than the, albeit vile, act of swallowing. As these thoughts raced through
her mind, her mouth filled and she started to swallow. Reflex action made her
gag, and for a horrible moment she was afraid that she was not going to get it
all down. And all the time Mike's cock spewed more and more liquid into her
mouth. Gagging, gasping for air, she swallowed as fast as she could, until at
last, thank God, the flow from his cock stopped.

Mike pulled his cock out of her mouth, grasped a handful of her luxurious hair
and contemptuously use it to wipe the organ clean of the last drops. Liliane
knelt there, the vile taste lingering in her mouth, not knowing whether she had
succeed within the 15 minutes stipulated, quivering at the thought of what was
going to happen to her if she hadn't. Her two torturers said nothing, stand
there silently, looking at one another with questions in their eyes. The Mike
gave an almost imperceptible nod, and said to the kneeling girl,

'Now say 'Thank you'"!

Liliane just couldn't believe her ears! This vile, filthy, sadist brute wanted
her to say 'Thank you' for his having raped her mouth! She was on the point of
telling him, in no uncertain terms, what she thought about that - she still had
enough spirit left to do it - when she realised that that was just what he
wanted her to do. It would be the excuse he needed to inflict even more pain on
her suffering body. Instead, she said,

"Thank you for having raped my mouth and filled it with your cum."

Mike was surprised by the girl's reply, he had been expecting a refusal, which
would have given him the excuse to inflict extra pain on her already
long-suffering body. On the other hand, her humble acquiescence did show that
they were on the way to breaking her spirit, something Mike, as an out-and-out
sadist found very pleasing.

He said nothing, merely took the nasal hook, inserted it roughly back into her
nostrils and used it to haul her to her feet, a movement she accomplished with
some pain, both from her stiffened joints and the sharp prongs digging into the
tender tissues inside her nose. He fixed the cord fastened to the hook so that
she was forced to hold herself upright, head tilted slightly back. Bending, he
swiftly clipped a thin chain with a weight at the end of it to each of the rings
embedded in the lips of her sex, and sadistically allowed the weights to drop.
The he jerk his head at Shirley and the pair of them silently left the room.

Lilianne was left standing there, legs held wide apart, the outer lips of her
sex adorned with the thick metal rings, stretched down grotesquely, the weights
swaying slightly on the thin chains. She would have given anything to be able to
bend over and clutch at her agonised belly, the pain radiating from it was
atrocious, the spring on the penetrator had been a really strong one and she
wondered frantically if she had suffered any internal injury from bearing down
on it so hard. And her breasts ached fiercely, both from the beating they had
received and from the liquid that had been injected into them. But worst of all
was the mental anguish. She had accomplished two of the tasks she had been set,
there were still two more to go. And, horrible, defiling, humiliating as they
were, she was determined to agree to do them as soon as Mike came back to ask
her. Even drinking piss and being fucked in the ass by a dog was better than any
more of the terrible pain Mike was obviously capable of inflicting on her. Poor
Lilianne! She still hadn't realised that the tasks were only an excuse, Mike
didn't care whether she did them or not, to him the important thing was the
torture, and her screams!




Liliane

Author - Nazgul

Part 3.

Half-time.

In the other room, Shirley and Mike took off their masks and looked at one
another.

"That was just great," said Shirley. "I wonder if her lips will ever go back to
the original size?"

"Personally I don't give a damn," replied her lover. "All I'm interested in is
the pain, making her scream, and getting good sales from the movie. But I must
admit she's pretty good, she's got a great body."

"Good lungs, too, she can certainly make a lot of noise. Just as well this place
is thoroughly sound-proofed."

"Yeah, but we'd better give her some time to recover, she was getting a bit
hoarse towards the end. What shall we do while we're waiting?"

Shirley looked at him, a malicious gleam in her eye.

"Let's play, and I might remind you that it's my turn to be top."

The pair of them were both sadistic and masochistic, and they took it in turn to
torture and fuck one another, though not, of course, as painfully as they did
their victims. Shirley had been waiting for this moment; last time they had
'played', Mike had given her a really hard time and she was dying to get her own
back.

Mike agreed, albeit with bad grace, his sadistic streak was far wider than the
masochistic one.

"So what are we going to do," he asked.

"You'll see soon enough." was all the reply he got.

She led him to the centre of the room and, reaching up, blindfolded him. Then
she fixed leather cuffs on his wrists and ankles. The wrist-cuffs she attached
to ropes hanging from two hooks set into a beam on the ceiling, and hauled them
up so that his arms stuck up, the hands about 3 feet apart. Other ropes were
attached to his ankles.

"OK, Mike, spread them," she ordered.

He shuffled his feet about eighteen inches apart.

Oh, common, Mike, you know better than that, SPREAD them!"

"Common, further!"

"Further!!"

Finally his legs were spread really wide, enough that the position was quite
uncomfortable; Mike was too proud to ask what came next - in any case, he knew
she wouldn't tell him - but he was feeling a little apprehensive. He knew very
well that he had been pretty rough with her the last time they had 'played', and
it was odds-on that she was going to get her own back. He felt the ropes at his
wrists tighten, until he was spread out in a large Y-shape.

"Open wide!", was the next command. He obediently opened his mouth, into which
Shirley promptly stuffed what looked like a black rubber bag with a tube
attached. Fixed to the tube was a strap, which she buckled behind his neck, so
that he couldn't spit out the contents of his mouth. The other end of the tube,
hanging down on a level with his nipples, was a black rubber inflator. She took
hold of it and squeezed it. Mike shook his head violently, he HATED inflatable
gags. Shirley took no notice, and pumped the ball a second time, and then a
third. Mike's cheeks started to bulge. She gave it one more squeeze and decided
that that would do.

The gag itself was very flexible rubber, shaped like a T, with a harder oval pad
at the front, where the tube entered it. The two arms of the T filled his
cheeks, stretching them uncomfortably. But what was worse was the upright stroke
of the T. This had ballooned up into the room of his mouth and then, not being
able to go any further, had started expanding down his throat, at the same time
pressing his tongue down into the bottom of his mouth. This caused a choking
sensation, he wanted to retch, but couldn't. Shirley knew this, she had tried
the gag out on herself beforehand, and she also knew that one more squeeze of
the inflator would cause him some pain. As it was, he was unable to make the
slightest sound, which was just what she wanted - no safe words for Mike this
time round!

Having checked to make sure that he was bound securely, she went to the corner
of the room and wheeled over a small table on which there were a series of
instruments. Reaching down, she picked up a length of nylon cord and wound it,
very tightly, round the base of his cock, between his groin and his balls. The
effect was to make his cock erect and start turning red, then purple, as it grew
bigger and bigger. Next came a belt, which she fastened around his waist and
then pulled as tight as she could get it.

Giggling to herself, she placed her first finger and thumb round his ball sac
and started squeezing, until his balls were squashed tightly into the end of it,
the skin stretched shiny over them. Another cord replaced her finger and thumb,
tied fairly tight. From the table she took a pair of TENS carbon rubber stick
pads and pasted them onto his balls. Another pair of pads were slapped onto the
cheeks of his ass. She stood back to get a good look at him. His cock, now
swollen to full size, and a bit more, was sticking up proudly, absolutely rigid.
His balls, separated from his body by the turns of cord, dangled low, the
electric wires from the pads dragging on the concrete floor.

Next came the condom. But this was not an ordinary one, it was something she had
found on the Net and ordered. Inside the head were two miniature carbon rubber
pads, sited so that they would be in contact with his helmet when it was put on
him. Two very fine, flat insulated wires ran down the inside of the rubber, to
end in a single connector. She carefully unrolled the condom onto his cock,
making sure to pull it down hard so as to ensure the best possible contact
between the pads and the tip of his cock.

Mike, of course, being blindfolded, couldn't see what she was doing, couldn't
feel what she was doing, because the tension in his bloated cock over-ruled
other feeling, and in addition he couldn't ask or protest, because of the very
efficient gag. He couldn't move, either, so he just stood and took it.

The last item was an inflatable butt plug, with a shiny chrome collar at the
base of it. Pulling on a rubber glove, she spread some K-Y jelly on two fingers
and shoved one of them into his anus. He tried to resist the penetration, to no
avail, the super-slippery finger just slid in, despite his efforts; Shirley
wiggled her finger around, pulling and tugging until the muscle relaxed enough
for to get the second finger in beside the first one. Working them around some
more, she got him opened up enough to slide the plug, also covered with K-Y,
into his rectum. It was stopped from going right in by a rubber flange, just
below the metal collar, from which hung yet another insulated wire. Grabbing the
inflator attached to the plug, she started squeezing. This was another new toy
she had recently discovered. The entire surface of the inflatable part was
covered with hundreds of moulded hard rubber spikes which, as the plug grew in
volume, dug into the walls of Mike's rectum. His hips started a circular
movement as he tried to get away from it. No good, of course. Shirley kept
pumping. The other particularity of this plug was that it could be pumped up to
about a litre in size, moving up his rectum as it swelled. The effect was like
that of an enema, but with much more pressure in his guts. It started to hurt,
then his stomach started cramping, and soon he was trying to yell around the
gag. Quite impossible, of course. When she had finished, the chrome collar was
pulled in hard against his anal ring.

Shirley was really enjoying herself, she would make the bastard pay for what he
had done to her last time! Finally, she pulled the end of the cord attached to
his balls between his legs and up through a ring attached to the back of the
belt. She pulled until his balls were lodged firmly in the crack of his ass and
his now enormous cock was pulled down until if was parallel with the floor.

Another table was pulled across the room until it stood just in front of Mike's
immobile figure. This one was a gynaecological table. Shirley climbed onto it,
lay down, and put her legs in the stirrups. She adjusted everything so that her
ass was right on the edge of the table, her feet were up around Mike's shoulders
and the wide-spread lips of her cunt were just in front of the head of his cock.
The table was a bit low, and a bit too far back. She got off it, moved it
forward, raised it a bit, then tried again. Perfect! As she slid into place, the
tip of his cock was lodged up tight against her vaginal opening, which was
already well-lubricated with the fluids that the anticipation of what was to
come had produced.

Getting back off the table, she put a small box on it and connected the various
wires from Mike's body to it. Going behind him, she slid a four-foot metal rod
into a hole in the floor, about a foot from his back, to the top of which was
attached a short length of thickish elastic shock cord.. She untied the cord
holding his balls to the belt and re-tied it to the shock cord, making sure that
his cock was still perfectly horizontal. Then she reduced the tension in the
cords holding his arms above his head, so that he would be able to rock his body
back and forth in a limited arc. In addition, another wire was connected from
the post to the box on the table.

Shirley hopped back onto the table and resumed her original position, checked
that his cock was in the right place, then pulled a belt tightly over her hips,
fastening herself securely to the table, and another just above the swell of her
breasts. She knew she would start trying to throw herself around when she
started to cum - it was something she could not  control - and she wanted to be
sure she stayed in position. Then she started talking.

"OK, big boy, now you get to do something you like, you fuck me. Only thing is,
Mike, this time I don't think that you are going to enjoy it very much, just
like I didn't last time you took me. You're going to fuck me, and you're going
to hurt yourself doing it. If you don't, I'll hurt you. You don't know, because
you're blindfolded, just what your situation is, so I'll tell you. I've got you
connected up to the same TENS  machine you used on me. One circuit is between
the cheeks of your ass and your balls. The other is between your anus and the
tip of your cock which, right now, is just at the entry to my cunt. All you have
to do to fuck me is to lunge forward. Your problem is that your balls, up
between the cheeks of your ass, are connect to a steel post by a length of shock
cord. If you do lunge forward, you'll put a quite considerable strain on your
balls, and that'll hurt. If you don't, you'll get zapped by the electricity, and
that will certainly hurt even more. Of course, you can hope to come, in which
case I'll stop the game. But I have to tell you that it is unlikely, 'cos I've
wrapped a cord very tightly round your cock and balls; that should keep you hard
and unsatisfied for a long time."

Mike, behind his blindfold and gag, was horrified. He had known, last time they
had played, that he had gone a bit far with Shirley, but he hadn't expected her
to get back at him like this. She had used the TENS on his balls before, but
only in play, and even then it had hurt like hell. This time it was obvious that
Shirley wasn't playing, she was out to get her own back.

"Here's the scenario," Shirley went on. "In a minute I am going to switch on the
TENS and start turning up the voltage. When I consider that you are hurting -
and I KNOW what you can take, from the last time I used it on you - I'm going to
turn it off. Then I'm going to turn it up 5% more, and switch control of it over
to this little box I have here on the table beside me. One minute after doing
that, the box will zap you, both circuits. The only way you can stop it is by
arcing forward and fucking me. But it goes further than that, Mike. The circuit
will only switch off if you pull hard enough on the shock cord with your balls!
That means you've got to go forward until your cock is as far as it will go into
my cunt. That way, you cut the power, and I get the full effect of your cock.
Then you'd better pull out quick, 'cos 3 seconds later, you get zapped again,
and you just repeat the performance. Only thing is, the box will jack up the
power very slightly after each stroke completed successfully. That's just to
avoid you getting used to the pain!" She giggled. "Of course, if you can keep up
the motion fast enough, the TENS will never turn on, but in that case you'll
have the shock cord to reckon with! I've set the machine to zap you for 15
minutes. That should give me time to cum at least twice. Then I inspect you, and
if you haven't cum, your punishment will be the same as mine, 15 seconds full
power!"

If Mike had been able to, he would have screamed at her. Full power would be
agonizing, more than he could take, but he would HAVE to take it! The cow!!

"One more thing, Mike. Don't worry about me getting shocked as well, you've got
a rubber condom on your cock, so I will be well insulated." At that, she laughed
out loud, boy, was he in for it!

"Now I am going to switch on the TENS and we'll see what happens!"

She turned the knob on the circuit between his ass and his balls, and, very
slowly, started to jack up the voltage. At first, Mike couldn't feel a thing.
Then a tingling feeling started on the cheeks of his ass, followed immediately
by the same sensation in his balls. As Shirley continued to turn the knob, the
feeling turned to one of burning, then it felt like someone was squeezing his
prized possessions. His hips rotated as he squirmed. Seeing this, Shirley
increased the voltage a tiny bit more, then started the other circuit humming.
This time the sensation manifested itself at first as an irritation in the ring
of muscle that made up his anus. It got stronger, until it turned into a burning
feeling. At the same time it felt as though someone was reaming out his urethra.
It got progressively worse, until he was jerking all over the place. Seeing this
Shirley stopped on that circuit, but turned up the cheeks/balls circuit a bit
more, since she knew very well that the two interacted, and that he would be now
feeling a bit less pain in his balls. Mike tried to yell through the gag, that
hurt!

Suddenly, the pain stopped.

"In sixty seconds from now, you get zapped, Mike. You know what you've got to do
to stop the pain, it's all up to you now."

Shirley's head dropped back onto the small pillow she had placed under it and
waited expectantly for the first thrust of Mike's big cock. This was going to be
great!

Mike stood trembling, waiting for the blast of pain that would signal the
beginning of his ordeal. And when it came, it was even worse than he had
expected. His anus exploded into a ring of white fire, whilst his cock felt like
he was pissing over broken glass! Instinctively he thrust his pelvis forward,
ramming his rigid cock into Shirley's expectant cunt. The latter was well
lubricated, so it slid in easily. Unfortunately for Mike, he was now caught
between the Devil and the deep blue sea, to coin a phrase. As he thrust forward,
the pain in his balls became much worse as the thick shock cord took up the
strain. It felt like they were being torn off! In a reflex action he rocked his
pelvis back, to take the strain off them. But he hadn't gone far enough, the
voltage continued to course through the most sensitive parts of his body and he
writhed in agony. Instinctively he thrust forward again, in an attempt to switch
off the machine. And he succeeded, but only at the expensive of what felt like
the beginning of castration! He heaved back, withdrawing his cock, and stood,
trembling like a leaf with the relief.

Zap! The voltage hit him again, worse than ever, and he lunged forward again,
yelling against the pain as he did so. Of course the gag prevented any noise
coming out of his mouth, but he was yelling anyway, he couldn't help himself.

All this time, Shirley was doing just fine! Mike's first thrust, cut off midway
by the pull on his balls, had not been very satisfactory. The second one, on the
other hand, had been just what she had planned. A full-blooded stroke, plunging
into her, opening her up, fill her - it was really a very big cock! - reaching
almost to her cervix. She tensed herself, waiting for the third one.

It came, and then the fourth, and the fifth. Mike could hardly feel the walls of
her slippery cunt gripping his organ because of the pain. Shirley, on the other
hand, just revelled in the feel of that big, hot cock ripping into her, starting
that lovely tingle in her belly, feeling it start to spread up, right through
her body. One hand went down to caress her clit, the other teased her nipples as
she groaned with pleasure, twisting and turning on the table against the
restraining straps.

Zap!

Zap!

Zap!

The pain from the TENS was getting more than Mike could bear, so he decided not
to wait for the zap, but to accelerate the motion, in order to prevent the
machine from switching on. This worked, but at the cost of a series of wrenching
tugs on his balls.

It worked for Shirley, too! As his cock pistoned in and out of her cunt, she
flung herself about on the table, yelling like a banshee with pleasure as her
orgasm approached. She came, and it was earth-shattering, lasting much longer
than usual as Mike, completely oblivious to her reaction, plunged into her again
and again, stimulating her, holding her on the high.

She came down off it and looked at the clock on the wall above Mike's head. 9
minutes, and he showed no signs of slackening off. Of course, his whole body was
covered with a glistening sheen of sweat from his efforts, and she could imagine
the pain her was in, which immediately turned her on again. The buzz started
over, and soon she was yelling her head off again as the pleasure coursed
through her.

The second orgasm was even better, if that were possible, than the first one.
Then time was up, and she switched off the machine. Mike didn't realise this,
and plunged on.

"Stop, Mike, it's finished!" she yelled at him. Mike stopped, and slumped in his
bonds, only the cords at his wrists keeping him upright. Despite his efforts, he
hadn't been able to keep the machine from hitting him from time to time, and his
anus felt like someone had stuck a curling iron into it and switched it on. It
burnt! His cock pulsed, wanting desperately to come, but unable to do so because
of the cords that restricted both it and his balls. As for the latter, he had
never known such pain in them. It felt as though someone had been trying to tear
them right off! And the pain was not only in his balls, his stomach ached like
he had been kicked repeatedly, and his back hurt from the effort of humping his
lover. At the same time the grossly inflated butt plug, compressing his guts,
was giving him hell. All in all, he was in a very sorry state!

Shirley lay on the table, replete. She had been well and truly fucked, her only
regret was that the cord had pulled Mike back out of her. She would have liked
to lay there for a while with the feel of that big, hot stiff cock inside her.
Never mind, it had been great while it lasted! And she still had the pleasurable
job of handing out Mike's punishment, because she was pretty sure he hadn't cum.

Getting down from the table, she undid the cord that help his balls up between
the cheeks of his ass. She examined the condom. Nope, he hadn't cum! Fantastic,
now she could punish him!

"Mike, I'm surprised at you. You're normally pretty randy, and here you are,
you've been fucking me for the past 15 minutes and you haven't even cum. I find
that pretty rotten - anyone would think you have gone off me or something. Now
I'm going to have to punish you!" She reached up and grabbed the inflator of the
gag, turning the release button so that a large part of the air hissed out. Mike
gurgled round the now partially deflated gag, but what he was saying was not
comprehensible.

"Sorry darling, me no understand what you say," she mocked him. "You're probably
asking me not to give you 15 seconds on full power." Mike nodded his head
vigorously. "Too bad, lover boy, you had no pity on me in the same
circumstances, so why should I let you off! Damn it, you couldn't even cum when
you fucked me! That's insulting! Don't worry, I'll give you 5 seconds at a time,
just like you did for me! And here it comes!!"

So saying, Shirley turned both circuits to maximum and pressed the button.
Mike's reaction was so strong that for a minute she thought he might break lose
from his bonds. His whole body contorted as the voltage tore through him,
straining at the cords that held him in position. A high-pitched, ululating
scream issued, somewhat muffled, around the gag. When she let go of the button,
he slumped in a boneless mass, only, almost at once, to start mouthing at her
again. Christ, another one of those would kill him, he was sure of it, and there
were not one but two to come!

Even as he was thinking this, Shirley hit the button again. He screamed, his
body trying to double up from the terrific pain in his balls, and at the same
time jutting forward with the pain and the fantastic need to come in his cock.
He screamed and screamed, pure, unintelligible noise, the chrome ring in his
anus seemingly white-hot. 5 seconds seemed like forever! She let go of the
button. And still he hadn't come, the cords held back the sperm.

Shirley was impressed, indeed half-frightened, by the violence of the
contortions, but for all that she wasn't going to let up. He had hurt her, it
was his turn to suffer.

Mike was scared. Quite apart from the pain, he was worried about permanent
effects, especially on his balls.

"Mike," she purred, "how are you doing, darling? I bet that hurt. It certainly
looked like it did! And you've still got one more to come, but you still haven't
cum." She giggled at her own play on words. "Maybe I should double this last
one, to help you?"

Mike shook his head violently, Good God, the bitch would kill him if she did
that! He wrenched futilely at his bonds, trying to get free, to no avail.

"Tell you what," she said. "You can have five seconds like that, or ten seconds
without the cords round your cock and balls. That way, maybe you will come.
Because if you don't, I'm just going to have to keep trying to help you!"

This really frightened him, if she kept on like this he was going to end up with
fried balls and a lose ass-hole!

"Nod once for five, twice for ten", she told him. Mike hesitated, he just
couldn't make up his mind. Five was bad, ten would be too much - but, on the
other hand, if he came, it would save him from more agony. He hesitated so long
that Shirley got fed up with waiting and gave him a one-second zap to help him
decide. His body arced, and then he nodded, twice.

"OK, ten it is. But, I want to see you come, just to be sure, so I'll just take
off the condom and give it to you in the balls."

Mike shook his head as hard as he could. If she eliminated one of the circuits,
the other would hurt even more, and the one she was proposing to use was already
the most painful one! But it was no good, he could feel her already fumbling
with his cock, peeling off the rubber. Then she untied his balls, and he groaned
with the pain of renewed sensation. Finally off came the tight cord from around
the base of his cock, which remained rigid.

"Thirty seconds and I hit the button, OK? And if you don't cum, next one lasts
15 seconds straight. I can't have my lover refusing to cum for me, now can I!"

Christ! Mike started counting, and when he got to 26 he braced himself. Shirley
saw this, and sadistically help off pressing the button. She waited until his
expectant body started to relax, then hit it.

The fact that Mike's balls were now hanging lose, instead of being under
tension, plus the absence of the other circuit, made the pain intolerable. His
mouth jerked open and he literally howled around the limp gag. His body arced
forward until it was as tense as a bowstring. And as he howled, he strained and
strained, trying to cum. His whole body wanted to cum, but he couldn't, the
voltage from the TENS was negating the muscular impulses that would have allowed
him, normally, to ejaculate.

"Cum, you bastard! CUM!! CUM!!!", he screamed into the gag, as the pain lanced
through him. He strained even more, a muscle wrenching rigidity that would have
ordinarily had him spurting all over the place. And still he couldn't cum!

Ten seconds is a long time when someone is suffering, and Mike was suffering. It
felt as though his balls were being crushed flat by a gigantic hand and, at the
same time, as though they were about to explode. And the pain went on, and on,
and on. And then, suddenly, it stopped, leaving Mike still straining for all he
was worth. That was when he came. Exploded would probably be a better
description. He felt the sperm rush up the tube in his cock and liberate itself
in a jet that must have spurted out over three feet. And that went on, and on,
too. He pulled back, then arced forward again, in his need to relief the urge.

Shirley watched, fascinated. She had never seen Mike cum before - usually, when
he did, it was inside her cunt, so she didn't see anything. In addition, she was
normally so wrapped up in the throes of her own orgasm that she didn't feel the
ejection very much either. This was something else, a succession of gobs of
sperm leaping out of his cock to fall on the ground feet in front of him.

Gradually, the orgasm died away, and Mike slumped in his bonds, empty, in more
ways than one. He had never felt so tired in his life. His ass-hole still
itched, his balls still ached, but the pain was dying away quickly, as though it
had never been. This is one of the effects of a TENS machine - it hurts like
hell, but there are few, if any, after-effects. He just hung there, quivering.

Shirley went round behind him and pressed herself up against him. Dimly he could
feel the warm rings in her nipples pressed hard against his back, her loins
cupping the cheeks of his ass. One hand came round and started massaging his
groin, just above the base of his cock. The other caressed his chest. The she
carefully unbuckled the strap behind his neck and pulled the gag out of his
mouth.

"Mike," she said softly, "are you mad at me? Remember, you gave me a real hard
time last time. Now we're quits."

He tried to speak, but his jaw muscles were sore from being locked open. Finally
he croaked:

"You bitch, Shirley, that really hurt! No, I'm not mad at you, I'm too tired to
be mad. Just untie me so that I can sit down."

Shirley loosened the cords holding his legs wide apart, then released one hand.
He put his arm over her shoulders, he was so weak he was afraid he wouldn't be
able to stand by himself. She released the other hand, then helped him to a
chair, where he sat down. Sat, and then leapt up with a cry. His balls were
still pretty sore, and he had trapped one between the seat and his thigh.
Finally he settled down and immediately started to feel better. Shirley brought
him a glass of red wine, which he drank greedily, then asked for another.

"Christ, that feels better. OK, now I'm going to take a nap for an hour, then
we'd better get back to Liliane, before she starts thinking we've forgotten
her!".

Shirley helped him get up and stumble over to a bed in the corner, where he
literally collapsed. It seemed to her that he was asleep almost before he was
stretched out. She sat on the edge of the bed and looked at him. When he woke
up, he would be sore, and really pissed off. Poor Lilianne!




Liliane

Author - Nazgul

Part 4.

Mike stood behind the still-suffering Liliane. She was moaning quietly to
herself, the pain in the lips of her sex was still there, but worse than that
was the mental agony - she was inordinately proud of her trim body and she was
afraid that after having been stretched, the lips would not go back to their
normal size. That she was disfigured. And now it was obvious that they were
going to do other terrible things to her.

Mike addressed the cameras, which Shirley had set rolling again.

"As we said at the beginning, our job is to persuade the lovely Liliane to
perform four tasks. She has already - somewhat reluctantly - carried out two of
them. The third one, I would remind you, is to 'voluntarily' allow Shirley to
piss in her mouth, and to swallow it all."

Liliane shook her head. Never! It was just too disgusting, it didn't matter how
much they hurt her, she would never, NEVER do anything so vile and demeaning!
Mike, seeing the movement of her head, chuckled to himself - good, she still had
some fighting spirit left. It wouldn't do for her to give in too easily. Not
that he intended to let her do so!

"We have gone to some expense to persuade Liliane to do this."

Shirley swung a camera to focus in on a piece of complicated-looking equipment
standing off to one side. It looked like a 8-foot high ladder with a couple of
rungs and a lot of hydraulic tubing.

"This machine has been made to our specifications to do one simple job, to
convince Liliane that it is her own best interest to do what we want her to. Of
course, Liliane is a very proud young lady and the idea of drinking someone's
piss is quite abhorrent to her. However, I think we can persuade her otherwise.
We have decided to call this 'The Shaker'. I wonder if any of you can guess what
it is all about?"

Liliane had twisted her head round to see what the camera was focused on. She
saw the machine, but apart from the fact that it looked sinister, she had no
idea what it was for. All she did know was that it meant more pain!

Shirley swung the camera back to their victim, went over to the machine and
pushed it - it was on casters - so that it stood just behind Liliane.

"I'm afraid that we shall have to spend a little time preparing Liliane for the
ordeal, but I'm sure you'll bear with us. As we go along, I wonder who will be
the first to guess the purpose of the machine."

So saying, he grabbed a handful of Liliane's hair and pulled her head back
painfully. She automatically opened her mouth to yell, whereupon Shirley quickly
filled it with the ubiquitous ring-gag, buckling the straps behind her neck.
They had decided to use it to prevent her saying she gave in too quickly. After
all, they weren't even interested in what she had to do, all they were concerned
about was torturing her so that their viewers would see her suffering and hear
her screaming! The ring-gag would allow her to make plenty of noise, but would
prevent her from saying anything coherent.

Next, Shirley bent down and attached a spreader bar to the girl's legs, just
below the knee. It was adjustable in length and, with Mike helping her, she soon
had Liliane's legs spread really wide apart. The monitor showed the lips of her
sex still hanging loosely at the apex of the triangle between her thighs.

At the top of the ladder there was a horizontal bar, which Mike drew out until
it projected some four feet in front of the ladder. From it hung a cord, which
he tied to the link between the leather cuffs imprisoning her wrists. He pulled
it up, so that Liliane's arms were drawn some way up behind her and she was
forced to lean forward. A leather belt was fastened slackly round her waist,
another cord going from it to a position half way along the horizontal bar.

Mike now tighten the cord holding her wrists. As he did so her arms were drawn
further and further upwards, pulling painfully at her shoulder muscles. To
alleviate the pain she bent forwards even further, until she was bent right
over, her torso parallel to the ground, her arms high above her. The position
was uncomfortable and her heavy breasts hung down in two lush cones, swinging
turgidly with every movement.

Shirley took one of the big cameras off of the gantry, shouldered it and went
round so that she could film in close-up both the machine and Liliane's ass. The
latter was well worth filming - two firm but well-rounded coffee-coloured
cheeks, framing the dark cleft at the centre of which lurked the tiny ring of
darker-hued muscle that was the girl's anus. Just below it the gaping pink
membranes of her cunt, framed this time by the stretched labia. Two orifices
just asking to be filled!

Finally a cord was tied to Liliane's hair and lead back to the belt, where it
was pulled tight, lifting her head so that she was forced to look straight in
front of her.

Shirley swung the camera slightly so that it took in the machine. On a rung just
on a level with the girls ass and pointing towards it there was a metal prong.
It was some two inches in diameter and about eight or nine inches long. The end
pointing towards Liliane was smoothly rounded, the other end held a collection
of tubes and wires.

Mike was holding a control box with a series of switches and buttons on it, the
sort used to control gantry cranes, connected to the machine by a multi-stranded
cable. He pressed a button. There was a faint whirring sound and the prong
advanced until it was almost touching her ass, just below the anus. Another
button lifted it, until it was dead in line.

Mike addressed the camera.

"As you can see, we are about to invade a most intimate part of Liliane's
anatomy," he announced. "She can't see what is happening, so she has a surprise
coming."

He lent over and rubbed some K-Y jelly onto the prong.

"We don't want to tear anything by inserting it dry; on the contrary, we want
her nicely intact for this session."

Liliane quailed. She had no idea what was going on behind her, but she guessed
she was going to be raped in some horrible manner!

Mike pressed the first button again and the prong moved forward until it touch
the girl's anus. She squealed and lurched forward as far as she could to get
away from it. This was awful, she just hated anyone touching her anus! The
position was painful and the prong had followed her, stopping just short of
penetration but pressed firmly against the ring of muscle. Liliane started to
tremble with the effort of holding her uncomfortable position, but, little by
little, as the pain became too much for her, she slumped backwards. And of
course, as she did so, she impaled herself! Her own weight forced her anus
against the rounded tip of the prong. At first it resisted, the pain growing
there too. She screamed. Little by little the smooth metal forced the ring to
open wider and wider. The pain was awful! And then, suddenly, the tip of the
prong slid into her.

The monitor showed the shiny metal disappearing into her body, embraced in the
clutch of the over-stretched ring of anal muscle, while the microphones
faithfully recorded her despairing screams as her anus was torturingly forced to
expand to a size nature had never intended. Another camera, focused on her face,
showed the agonised expression as this abuse proceeded. Later they would edit
the films into a split screen, one half showing the intrusion, the other half
showing simultaneously how she reacted!

Mike pressed the button yet again and the monitor showed the prong sliding
smoothly, slowly into the naked woman. Eight inches is quite long and before it
had gone all the way in the metal tip hit the bend in her rectum and tried to
straighten it out, causing more pain, this time deep inside her. Liliane
screamed and lurched forward again. And again her aching muscles prevented her
from holding the position and she inched backwards, hurting herself even more!
Finally, the complete eight inches were buried deep in her ass.

Liliane was held in position by the belt around her waist, her arms and now the
prong. Mike undid the belt and re-tied the cord from her hair to the rung
holding the prong.. She remained flat-footed on the floor, held now only by her
arms and the prong, unable to move forward and release herself from the painful
penetration. He pressed another button and Shirley swung the camera slightly to
take in the vertical arms of the ladder.

The screen showed that these were not ordinary arms, but thick, threaded rods
which were now revolving very, very slowly. And as they revolved, the rung with
the prong moved equally slowly up them - lifting Liliane with it! The pain was
wicked and she was obliged to raised herself up onto her toes to alleviate it.
When she was up on the tips, Mike released the button. Shirley focused on the
girl's ass again.

Where before the anal muscle had clenched the completed circumference of the
prong, it was now an oval, the bottom half clear of the prong as her weight bore
down on it. They waited. Her legs started to tremble, then muscular cramps
rippled up and down them, excruciatingly painful. She couldn't hold it any
longer and started to settle down towards the flat-footed posture again. And as
she did do, fully three-quarters of her body-weight came onto that highly
sensitive anus held up by the prong! Liliane screamed and screamed and screamed.
It felt like the prong was splitting her in half. The two torturers watched,
fascinated, as the oval hole elongated. Mike was worried that the muscle would
split. Not worried for Liliane of course, but worried that if it did, they
wouldn't be able to continue!

It did not split, the hole stabilised, leaving Liliane hanging literally by her
ass-hole. Mike Pressed the button again, lifting her a little more, a movement
accompanied by more screams. Little by little he increased the height, until
finally Liliane's feet no longer touched the floor at all. At first she had
writhed frantically, trying to get free, but now she no longer dared to, every
single movement sent new bolts of pain flashing through her.

"An interesting position, viewers," Mike said calmly. "I am prepared to bet none
of you have every seen a woman suspended by her anus before. Liliane is probably
already getting used to the idea of drinking Shirley's piss, but we shall have
to make quite sure."

He pressed another button. There was a sharp hissing sound that lasted a mere
two seconds. Liliane's body writhed on the prong.

AAAAAiiiiiyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

He pressed it again.

AAAAAiiiiiyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!

Her body writhed frantically, her eyes bulging. The button had released a short
blast of highly-compressed air through the tip of the hollow prong and into her
colon. The pain was beyond belief, but didn't last any length of time, as the
air rushed out through her stretched anus. Mike pressed the button six more
times, at irregular intervals, always with the same result, the screen showing
the horrified, agonised look in her eyes, the demonic twisting contortions of
her body as the pain ripped though her guts. On the sixth blast her eyes rolled
up, she had fainted.

Shirley put down the camera, picked up a hypodermic syringe and plunged the
needle into the cheek of the girl's ass. Then she waved a bottle of ammonia
under her nose. Liliane came to and immediately screamed as the pain in her
ass-hole registered itself anew on her brain.

"As you can see, Shirley has given Liliane a shot, which will keep her from
passing out again as we proceed. This means that we shall be able to increase
the pain without losing her attention." He chuckled, evilly, and pressed yet
another button. The prong descended, until she was standing on her feet again.
The anal muscle slowly closed around the prong.

Liliane was terrified. She was glad of the relief from the pain, but she knew
all too well that Mike had not brought her down out of kindness, he was
preparing to do something else to hurt her. And she just couldn't take any more,
she was prepared to do anything, absolutely anything, if only they would stop
hurting her! She tried desperately to speak through the ring-gag, to tell them
that she agreed, she would do it, anything, but please, PLEASE! stop the pain!!

"Now let's see how our lovely Liliane reacts to a little warmth," Mike said to
the camera. Again there was a hissing sound, this time cause by a tiny jet of
steam which circulated in a U-shaped tube inside the prong. Small wisps of steam
drifted up from the base of the prong.

At first Liliane felt nothing. Then, suddenly, she felt the prong in her
ass-hole getting warmer and she realised, horrified, what was happening. She
wailed and tried desperately to move forward, to pull herself off the metal. All
she succeeded in doing was hurting her scalp as the cord pulled savagely at her
hair. And all the time the heat was building up in the hole. The wails turned to
screams as her anus turned into a ring of fire. She twisted and turned, up and
down, from side to side, trying to gain some relief from the biting heat. And
all the time she screamed.

After a couple of minutes Mike stopped the steam - he didn't want to really burn
her, there was more to come! As the heat died down slowly, Liliane settled down
and started babbling again through her gag.

"Please, PLEASE! PLEEEEEEESE stop!!! No more, I can't take any more, I'll do
want you want, anything you want. PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESE!!!!!"

Her proud spirit was now thoroughly broken, sublimated by the wave upon wave of
intolerable pain her body had experienced. Unfortunately for her, her pleas were
quite unintelligible, and even if they had been comprehensible, no-one was going
to take any notice of them!

"I think that, after the warm-up session, if you'll forgive the pun," Mike was
addressing the camera again "it's time for Liliane to find out why we call this
The Shaker"

The prong rose slightly, bringing some of her weight to bear once more on the
now-incredibly sensitised anus. He pressed a button. There was the mounting hum
of a powerful electric motor spooling up, and then suddenly the prong came
alive. It jerked back about an inch and Liliane felt like it was trying to rip
her anus clean out of her body. At the same time it started to vibrate. Not the
gentle, humming vibrations of a dildo but the brutal clattering vibration of a
jack-hammer. And it oscillated, the tip describing a circle in her gut,
wrenching it in all directions. Simultaneously the prong jerked back into her,
then out, then in again, fucking her ass-hole as it vibrated and turned.

Liliane went nearly mad with the pain. She couldn't even scream at first, the
pain paralysing her lungs and vocal cords. That didn't last and soon the loudest
screams yet echoed through the room. The camera showed her ass jerking in what
seemed to be every direction at once as the devilish prong wreaked its havoc on
her tender hole. She hoped, through the red haze of pain, that she would pass
out, but Shirley's injection made that impossible. All she could do was suffer.

Suddenly the machine stopped, as Mike pressed the button again. But not the pain
- that ran on in waves, racing up her spine and exploding in her brain. The
prong leaped into life again. Her screams became hoarse as her vocal cords began
to give out. It stopped. She hung there, impaled, body screaming with agony for
what seemed an eternity. New pain crashed into her as Mike hit the button. Her
eyes were open, but she couldn't see anything. Nothing existed, not even the
world, just pain, and yet more pain. She was dimly aware that the prong was once
more quiescent within her, a beast biding its time, ready to maul her again
when...CRASH!! Bolts of pain exploding in her ass and brain, more than her body
was designed to take. It stopped.

She had no idea how long this went on. In fact, the torture extracted screams
for five minutes, but it seemed like forever. Slowly, very slowly, the pain
started to die down and her eyes began to focus again. She saw that Mike was now
standing in front of her. He crouched down, so that his face was on a level with
hers.

"Poor little girl," he said, leaning forward and kissing her lightly on the
forehead. "Did that hurt?"

She could only stare at him. He held up the control box, his thumb hovering over
a button.

"Shall I press it again" he asked. She shook her head, her eyes pleading,
frantic.

"Why ever not?" he asked mockingly. "You looked to be having so much fun,
dancing on the Shaker! I'm sure you'd like some more."

She tried to speak, but her throat was sore from the prolonged screaming and
little sound came out.

"What was that, Liliane, you'd like another five minutes?"

She shook her head frantically, hurting her tender scalp once more.

"What a pity. It was really amusing, watching you dance. I'm sure we could get
you some good engagements as a go-go dancer in a brothel - with a little more
training of course!"

She just hung there, staring at him, her shoulders wrenched almost out of their
sockets by her frenzied twisting fight to get free, her ass-hole sending lances
of pain through her at the slightest movement.

"Please," she prayed, "please don't let him do that again!"

"Well, it's your choice, after all. Would you prefer to drink Shirley's piss
instead?"

She couldn't nod her head, the cord held it too tightly. She flickered her eyes
up and down, hoping he would understand that she was trying to agree. Mike got
the message. He placed the box on the ground beside him and removed the gag.

"OK, let's hear you say it!"

"I'll drink Shirley's piss," she whispered hoarsely.

"Oh no, that's not it. You have to ask!"

Her heart sank, this was the ultimate humiliation. Then, almost disbelieving
that she could do such a thing, she heard herself say, "Please let me drink
Shirley's piss."

Mike laughed out loud.

"There you are, you see, that wasn't difficult, was it, all you needed was a bit
of persuading." His hand went down and pressed a button. She felt the prong
slowly inching its way out of her. She screamed faintly as she felt the tug on
the brutalised ring of muscle. Then it was out. Shirley untied the cord in her
hair and loosened the other one holding her arms in the air. She sank to her
knees. Her ass-hole was on fire still, God only knew what damage they had done
to her. Tears crept down her cheeks.

Mike got up and Shirley took his place, standing legs wide open, her cunt almost
touching Liliane's face. She pulled the girl's head back with one hand.

"Open your mouth!" she ordered.

Too frightened now by what would happen to her if she disobeyed, Liliane opened
her mouth slowly.

"Now listen carefully. What we have done too you will be kids' play compared to
what will happen if you don't drink every drop," Shirley said in a hard voice.

And with that, a jet of piss spurted from the gaping lips in front of her,
straight into her open mouth. Liliane gagged, then swallowed frantically. It
tasted horrible, salty, stinging her throat as it went down. The stream went on
and one, Liliane trying desperately not to be sick as she continued to swallow.

Finally the stream stopped. Shirley laughed. Liliane's head dropped and she
knelt there, disgusted with herself for having given in, but knowing, deep down,
that she hadn't had any choice in the matter. Her humiliation was complete. At
least, she thought it was!

-------------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Nazgul


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





