BDSM Library - If Only She'd Said Yes First Time




If Only She'd Said Yes First Time
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was raped by the landlord. Later more and more people took advantage of her weakness and made her a total slut.
            e-mail to kayce69@fsworld.co.uk 

                        IF ONLY SHE,D SAID YES FIRST TIME.

I am your typical, fly on the wall,I,ve watched Brenda now for five months,I
could,nt believe it`s only been that long since that first time and now
she`s---------,Hang on I think it better  start at the beginning.

Ken and Brenda Carter and their 12year old daughter Sarah had moved into rented
accommodation after his mother died,the house money and Will were all tied up
with solicitors and Kens job had taken him to a different area so things were a
little short,you know, cash wise, so it was no surprise that the rent had not
been paid for a week or two.

It must have been 11.30 on that hot summers day that the two men,the landlord
who lived at the end of the block and his sidekick, big ugly pair of bastards
came to the house,the landlord had his own key ,let themselves in to look
around,and the first thing they saw was Brenda outside in the garden and quietly
got closer for a better look.

Brenda was a 31yr old stunner,about 5ft 6,dark curly hair,lovely figer if not a
bit on the top heavy side,a bit like Pam Anderson only dark haired and with that
look of innocence that does`nt need make-up but that`s not how the men saw her
they saw her laying there with a few buttons at the top of the summer dress
undone and most of the bottom buttons undone showing a good amount of cleavage
and all her legs up to the pantie line, to the summer sun shine and to them,oh
no they liked what they saw.

They walked out into the garden,      "Should`nt you be earning some money to
pay the rent you owe,you won`t make it laid there you know,"his mate smiled,   
"She could pay my rent on her back with those leg`s open anytime she liked,thats
a fact," Brenda got up very flustard tring to button everything at once as well
as moving away from them, " Who are you, how did you get in?"the men enjoyed her
panic,

"Your fucking landlord lady and it`s my house so I have a key now wheres my
fucking money,"  Brenda not used to that kind of language fought for words,

"My husband is making a fast trip  here between jobs to bring the money
today,eeeerrr yes he is, he eeerrrr has been so busy with the funeral and the
house and the,----"she was cut off in mid sentance,        "It will be your
fucking funeral if I don`t get paid,now stop lieing and find me some cash,"she
was pushed into the house as they followed her and shut the patio doors.

"He will be here in a few hours,I was going to take it in tomorrow,everything is
sorted we will be getting our money soon,"she rushed her words out,He scowled at
her,    "Ya tomorrow,soon, he will be here later, then I go away and your
gone,no we stay till we get paid,got any drink,if not I got scotch in the
motor"Brenda shook her head,  "We don`t drink,"his sidekick got up,   "I,ll get
the bottle,"he was out and back in a second,   "I got the full big one,"Brenda
got two glasses,   "Wheres the third,you better have a drink with me or are you
tring to piss me off,"anything to keep him quite she thought and a third glass
appeared which he filled to the top.,

"Let`s drink to a better life,bonding`s and good friendship,"the two men smiled
at each other,the small chat, the drinking and the filling of Brenda's glass
went on for half an hour,Brenda to frightened to stop drinking or refuse a top
up was not feeling very well when,after a nod from one man to another, the mood
changed,    "You don`t look well, shall we take you for a lay down,"the two men
got up and approached her,lifting her out of the chair and moving her towards
the stairs,     "I,ll be all right,just have to eerrr,I,ll be better after a lay
down,yes you can leave eeerrrrrrr me my husband will be here," they still aimed
her for the stairs and almost carried her up giving her ample lovely body a good
feel as they did, soon they found the bedroom,taking her in and sitting her on
the bed his mate was undoing the buttons on her dress as, in her drunken stupor,
she tried to stop them.

"No, please I will be allright,"her mind still blurd, her Landlord chuckled,   
"Of course you,ll be all right we just want some fun,all you have to do is say
yes and we will be away before your old man gets here,no harm done, just a
little friendship,I mean if you want to mess me about with the rent then it`s
only fair we mess around together we just want you to take off that dress and
let us see you and maybe play with you, I want to get my hand  in your
pants,feel you up for a while and have a look at you naked,no harm in that is
there,come on take off the dress it`s nearly off now,you look so fuckable,you
did`nt mind showing all you got in the garden, come on, don`t be shy,you look as
though you need some air,we should loosen you clothing, go on help the lady,"his
mate started at  her again pulling the little belt off and tugging the last
buttons from the dress as she slid onto the floor,she started to put up a fight
so he joined in,     "Pass the belt,get her arms behind her,sit on her if you
have too,but get her tied I,ve got too big a hard on to lose her now"with the
drink and two big men the struggle did,nt last long and she was soon sitting
back on the bed with her arms held behind her, thanks to her own belt,   "Please
stop what your doing to me you will get your rent,he will be here today,"Brenda
was almost in tears,    " Oh shut the fuck up you whimpering cow,I told you to
say yes,now look at you"as they sat ether side of her on the bed,    "I said we
would drink to bonding,now look at you all trust up for Christmas and I,m the
one in for a early Christmas presant,"he kissed the side of her face and ran his
hands over her bra feeling and squeezing her large breast`s, "God what a lovely
handfull,now let`s put this down to a little interest on the money you owe and I
can`t think of a more interesting place than in them pants of yours right now,it
don`t matter you did`nt say yes the first time I asked, your going to spread
your legs so you can give us a nice feel up your gorges cunt and remember theres
fuck all you can do to stop us,when we saw you in the garden we wanted it and
now we are going to have a feel of it,"she tried to keep her legs closed but
with her hair being pulled and strong hands on her legs they were opened and a
hand was pushing into her pants,pinching and pulling the hairs on her cunt
hurting her, that and the drink,the fight went out of her and she was pulled by
her hair backwards onto the bed,tears ran down Brendas face as the two men
looked down on the beautiful captive house-wife that they had decided to have
some fun with and were going to rape.

  Her bra straps were pulled down releasing her  tit`s to the mouth of her
attacker,and soon her nipples were being bitten and chewed,the more she pleaded
for him to stop the harder he bit,loving her large firm tit`s with long nipples
and of course those helpless cries she made,the other one was just as bad
pulling her pants off and abusing her cunt with his hands and fingers, opening
her up to enjoy exploring her with his tongue   "Come on get her on her
side,lets fuck the bitch,you ready for a good fucking bitch,wet or not here we
come,"  Brenda was laid on her side and her knees were pushed up so she could be
fucked in the cunt or ass while the other bloke could kneel on the bed and shove
his cock in her mouth and by twisting,pinching and pulling her nipples she was
forced to open her mouth and let him take her,Brenda had never had hard sex
before,Ken had always been a gentleman in every way,not like her other
date`s,allways grabbing at her,it was one of the reason she had married him as
she only enjoyed straight sex, so her mind blanked out as her cunt was
brutalised by this thick hard cock,fingers were rammed up her ass,screwing as
far up as they could and her head was forced hard down onto the huge cock
invading her mouth and throat for the first time in her life,she was being face
fucked,she was hardly aware of the filth that poured in to her abused cunt and
in her mouth,the men laughed as it dribbled down her chin and she  also did`nt
realise that the belt was taken off,she was laid on her back as  the cock that
had been in her mouth was now getting hard again as it fucked in and out of her
cunt, she fought to breath as a mouth covered hers, followed by hands that
mauled her tit`s and pulled her nipples.

  Through half glazed eyes she saw Ken come into the room and the one who had
been kissing her moved towards him and with a load crack hit him square on the
jaw,Ken crumpled to the floor only to be lifted and using some scarves tied to a
chair looking straight at the bed were the man raping his beautiful wife had,nt
missed a stroke as he fucked her gorges cunt and that would be the first thing
he would see when he came round.

As Ken came round and looked, she had her head turned away with a cock fucking
her mouth and still being savaged up her cunt,the Landlord who`s cock it was
stuck in her mouth saw him,    "This is the way to pay the rent,your Mrs fucks
like a race horse,she`s been taking it all afternoon she loves a stiff cock you
got a great looking goer here you lucky bastard and your just in time to see me
play with her nice firm ass and fuck her cute but-hole,do,es she squeal nice
when it`s up,I bet she wiggles it good I,ll find out soon,my mate`s about to
fill her cunt again,she can`t get enough, we found her in the garden showing it
all to the neighbours while playing with herself, you can`t be giving it to her,
so we thought we would help out,now you be a good boy and sit there quitely and
watch us fuck your wifes greedy cock hungry cunt, you may learn what she likes
up her,sorry she ain`t taking much notice of you but we been on the piss a bit
before she wanted bringing up stairs for a good fucking seeing too,"as he said
that her cunt got filled again and then she was laid on her stomach,her legs
parted as the Landlord took her,buggering her virgin ass as hard as he could.

The strain of his mothers death and the moving,pressure of work and seeing two
men fucking his wife was to much and Ken felt a sharp pain in his chest and he
slowly lapsed into a coma to the taughts of,  "God your wifes a great fuck, her
ass is trying to pull my dick off and you watch her suck, what a cocksucking
mouth she has,my mate will make her show you, I think we will have to collect
the rent on a daily basses if she puts out like this."

The men left after another hour of rape on the defenceless housewife buggering
and fucking her,Brenda still  very dazed pulled herself together,would Ken
beleave they had raped her or----,no time to think now, her mind was in turmoil
as she called for a ambulance and saying nothing about the rape took Ken to
hospital,he lasted a week, the funeral was on the Thursday,young Sarah went to
stay with a friend at the weekend while Brenda sorted out the will,she would be
well off,there was mothers will, the insurances,the sale of their first house
and the works pensions, it came to a tidy some but the evening was still lonely
as she stayed in the house on her own that weekend thinking of what had
happened,she was lost in her thoughts when the girl from next door came to look
in on her and see if she was alright,her name was Karen,Brenda had seen her
going to collage or some high school,a very pretty quite girl and she seemed to
be very understanding.

Brenda needed to just talk and have a shoulder to cry on and Karen was
surprisingly keen to be that person,she told Brenda that she had seen her and
thought what a nice and attractive person she was and she was so sorry about
what had happened,they talked into the evening,Karen rang home and said she
would be late as they were getting on so well,Brenda did`nt want her to go as
for the first time in a long time she felt very relaxesed it must be the herbal
tea Karen was making,Karen told her it was part of the course she was on as a
female masseur and offered to show Brenda what she had learnt,what Brenda did`nt
know was the herbal tea was mixed with sleeping pills.

After more of Karen's tea and some more tablets she made Brenda take everything
became very giggly,it was then that Karen suggested Brenda took a bath to be
totally relaxed,Brenda was surprised that Karen came into the bathroom with her
to help her undress and put oils in the water,Brenda suggested she wore a
bathing suit but Karen had her naked before she could stop her and she was made
to lay in the bath,the tablets had her very woozy,she just lay there as Karen
started to rub her shoulders and that felt good.

 Brenda was so relaxed that when she got out and Karen was there  she let her
gently rub her dry and lead her to the bedroom, Karen said,        " Just lay on
the bed and I will massage your back,let me get your fruit oils, I promise  you
will like it,"

Karen worked on Brenda oiling her all over her back and then her legs she was
very sensuous and soon her hands were working on her inner thighs letting the
fingers just touch Brenda's bottom and between the legs,Brenda moaned at the
tenderness,that was the sign she wanted,      "Just turn over,"and without
thinking Brenda did,the oil was poured over her stomach and then moved all
around,Karen's hands worked on Brenda`s ample breasts making sure the palm of
her hand excited the nipples and then she went for it ,over her hips sliding
down between her legs,Karen smiled as the lovely legs parted to allow her hands
to caress the inviting cunt.oiling the inner lips which mixed with Brenda`s own
wetness her finger slipped in easy,Karen bent down and kissed the house-wifes
open mouth and breathed the word`s, "Got you," before slipping quickly out of
her clothes.

Brenda`s legs were soon pushed apart and Karen`s mouth had taken the place of
her finger as her tongue lapped at the mix of fruit oil and cunt juice,Brenda`s
hands came down to defend herself but they were pushed to the side and held,     
"No,no please you should`nt be doing that to me,it`s not right,I,ve lost to much
to,--"she was cut off as Karen took her mouth out of her cunt,

"I have thought about having your cunt in my mouth ever since I first saw you,I
knew you,d like something differant than that weak husband could give you and
now I know how much you like this by how wet you are, you love it,just lay there
keep your legs open and let me play with you I,ll teach you things that will
drive you wild," and her face went back between Brenda`s leg as her tongue
jabbed at the nub of her clit, Brenda let out a moan of reluctant
surrender,Karen enjoyed the fact that she could now do what she liked to the
drugged lonely beauty laid out before her.

Karen worked on Brenda kissing and licking,pushing her tongue far up her cunt
before moving her mouth to her inner thighs up and down the beautiful legs over
her stomach and into Brenda`s bush of curly cunt hair, she inserted fingers into
the dripping cunt rubbing the clit with her thumb and fucking her with two
fingers,her other hand played with a nipple paving the way for Karen's mouth to
start sucking it, she could feel Brenda`s orgasm building and worked hard till a
flood of cunt juice soaked her finger`s,moving from the nipple to the mouth she
kissed Brenda`s mouth passionately,    "No,please, you must leave me alone,I
don`t want to do this,"Brenda started to cry but Karen still kissed her holding
her head,     "You love it,come on don`t play the innocent with me I,ve just had
you come in my hand,here taste it,"she pushed her fingers in Brenda`s mouth as
she got up and knelt on the bed,one leg on Brenda the other on the bed spreading
her legs wide,she pulled her cunt lips apart,   "You can play with it, come on
finger it, your turn to get me off ,we can both have some more fun," Brenda
moved away but still being drugged it was easy for Karen to pull her back and
sit on her,holding her arms down with her knees she pushed her cunt toward the
unwilling mouth,    "Come on darling,suck it, get it on your mouth, let me feel
your tongue,do it properly or I,ll sit on your face till you do," still Brenda
kept her mouth closed but that would not save her doing something she had never
done before and thought of as vile, Karen moved forward and sat on her face
covering her mouth and nose with her hot wet cunt,grindding down till Brenda had
no choice but to open her mouth,rocking back and forth on her face Karen
demanded Brenda suck her,with her hair being pulled so hard and with no chance
of escape she gave in and pushed her tongue out into the wet frenzied grinding
cunt and Karen rode the unwilling mouth hard and long till she poured her juice
into Brenda`s mouth.

  It took about two hours for Brenda to get her head together until then she had
laid on the bed as Karen had played with her like a lifeless doll,kissing
her,enjoying the way she could hold her mouth open and explore it with her
tongue and sucking the beautiful women's tit`s forcing her nipples to harden by
pinching and pulling them and fingering her cunt,tweeking the clit and stroking
the lips  hoping to get her hot and unable to refuse her again, she wanted to
lesbian control her again tonight and when ever she wanted her for sex,but
Brenda got the upper hand and through her out in a torrent of abuse.

The next two weeks life got back to a routine,Sarah went to school and the legal
side was sorted out but one day as Brenda came back home she saw her Landlord go
into his house and she had to see what he looked like,she wanted to study the
man who had turned her life upside down,she slid round the back of the house and
peeked into the house,she did`nt know how long she had been there but a hand
suddenly clasped her arm,a policeman held her,she had been seen looking into a
garden and in that garden was a naked child that she had not noticed,she was
charged under: the abuse of a minor law: and would go to court,the two weeks
before the trial people were looking and pointing,Brenda`s life was hell
already.

The trial was going Brenda`s way,she cooked up a story about looking at a rare
plant she thought she saw in the garden but the police had a new witness,there
was Karen in her school uniform,she was only 14yrs old and told them how, when
she went to see Brenda after her husband had died  Brenda had seduced her,made
her ring home so she could keep her in the house to have  sex with her and done
wicked things to her and when she knew of the small scare in Brenda`s pubic
hair,Brenda broke down and sobbed in the court room,she was found guilty but
because of the death of her husband and looking after Sarah she was given a 5yr
suspended sentence for two years and fined 1000 but that was nothing to the
abuse that she and Sarah suffered, she was so fed up with the word pervert that
she decided to move from Landra Town. 

Sarah`s schooling was the first thought so they could not move out of that
county,there was a little town 50 miles away,Brenda found a small property but
in not such a nice area, still she did`nt want to spend to much,she had to live
and after what she had been through she kept herself to herself the only person
she could not escape was the towns women's bore Mrs King she seemed to be
everywhere Brenda went, still she was harmless and friendly infact  she had only
been there three weeks when she meet her in a panic,

"Would Brenda baby-sit for her on Friday night,please I have got to go to a
meeting out of town and it`s such short notice and my husband,the Mayor,is at a
dinner,you will adore my sweet babies,there's George,he`s just come back from a
small vacation who's 12 and the girls Mary and Kim there 10 and 9 their
wonderful and you did say your girl had gone off to the guides camp.

Sarah had gone to camp as a reward for being a brave girl last week, she had
pointed out a boy at school who had cornered her behind a building and put his
hand up her skirt,got his hand in her pants and given her a good feel up,also
made her touch his cock by bending her arm behind her back,then he undid her
blouse and played with her young, not so small tit`s for her age before he was
chased off, he got in serious trouble for that,  anyway that was behind them and
yes she would baby-sit.

The Friday night came and Brenda went to the house,big old place but befitting
the Mayor she was introduced to the children as mother rushed around getting
ready and with a," Be good,see you sometime tomorrow" she was gone,there was
something about  George that was not nice,the way he looked at her and the girls
did nothing but whisper, still sandwiches had been left,milk to follow and there
was a film on T V,Brenda was told that the children would play upstairs so there
was nothing else to do but sit, relax and enjoy the film.

 
The squealing and laughing was none stop,Breanda wondered what could possabley
be going on to cause all that noise,investigation was the only way to find out,
she tip-toed up the stairs to the room where all the noise was coming from and
peeked in the door, the sight that greeted her made her mouth drop there on the
bed were the three children,George had no trousres or pants on and Mary who had
no top on showing her small tit`s was playing with his cock,Kim was laid on the
bed naked with George tickling her pussie,she swollowed half choking on the
sight,the kids turned and looked at the door,George was the first to speak,

"Still up to your old tricks are we Mrs Carter,watching the children at play,
you still a pervert then,"what he said hit Brenda like a rock,    "What do you
mean," is all she could say, George smiled, "Come in you can see us better in
here,I know who you are, I was at remand home at Landra,I saw you in the
paper,5yrs is a long time in prison if you do it again and here you are doing
it, so we shall have to tell our parents that you where spying on us,trying to
see us with no clothes on,oh you are a naughty pervert,"    they all laughed as
Brenda fought for words,   "You would`nt say anything at all, it`s me who going
to tell your mother about you,"       they all laughed again,    "Mother would
beleave a convicted pervert against her little darlings, I don`t think so,no
it`s you thats going to be in deep shit and you would be locked up in the
cells,that would leave little Sarah alone,perfect for my mate who, by the way,
you two got in serious trouble, to finish what he started, that is to get her
home alone,then tie her up strip her naked and play with them big titties of
hers,she`s got the biggest in her class and I don`t think he will stop there, he
say`s she`s got a great little cunt that he wants to feel up and finger some
more,and if she`s tied up who knows what he`d do to her."

 Brenda`s brain raced,   "Look I,ve got some money that you could buy some
thing`s you,d like,so,come on let`s be friends and stop this silliness,"

George saw her weakness and took the lead,   "You come over here and sit
down,while we talk,I know we can sort something out" like the condemned
prisoner, Brenda walked over to the bed and sat amongest the children, "So you
like looking at kids do you Mrs Carter, what is it you want to do to them,do you
want to hold boys dicks or like you did with that 14 yr  old girl, lick some
lesbian pussy juice," Brenda went to argue but George just kept on,    "Your a
good looker,a real beauty, you,ve looked after your body it`s every mans dream,
so what`s the matter with men, from what I,ve heard from the grapevine there`s
at least a dozen that want to get in your pants, get you hot and fuck your
brains out and that's just around here,is there something wrong with your body
under them clothes,something you don`t want them to see," Mary suddenly piped
in,    "I bet she`s got something wrong with her,make her show us,go on
George,make her show us,"Brenda, now very flustered,tried to explain,  "Look it
did`nt happen the way they said, I was forced,it was`nt my fault and other
thing`s had happened that has made me not want to be involved with other people
at the moment, I just want to be left alone to look after my Sarah,get her
through school and then move on, so you see there is nothing wrong with me, so
what about it, I give you some money and we forget about the past."

Mary moaned,    "George are you going to make her show us,I thought we were
going to see her pussie"    Kim said,   "Yes, if she wants us to be her friend
she should show us her pussie after all she has seen mine I want to see her`s or
I,ll tell mummy that she pulled my pantie`s down and played with me,"Brenda
cried,  "No no I could`nt,that`s not right, no never,"  George smiled that smile
I had seen when she first meet him,    "Don`t think you got two choice`s Mrs
Carter,money don`t mean anything to her and it won`t hurt,why don`t you,just
stand up,lift up your skirt and pull your pant`s down so she can see what you
got between them nice leg`s of your`s,no harm in that and there`s no point in
arguing,you ain`t got no choice,it`s ether pussie or prison"Brenda went to speak
but the look in George`s face,and the way he shook his head told her not to
bother,he slid his hand up under her skirt, gave her thigh a squeeze and smiled
as she got up to the sound of,  "She`s going to do it,she`s going to show us her
pussie."

Brenda shut her eyes and bent to the hem of her skirt and lifted it up to the
waist band then put her thumb in the top of her pants and pushed downward to the
excited cries of the three,   "Hold them down Mrs Carter or can I call you
Brenda, let`s have a proper look at your cunt,we will tell you when to let
go,"Georges voice was full of triumph as the woman stood there for them to see, 
Kim said,   " I want to touch it," her hand went to Brenda`s crouch and squeezed
the exposed cunt,making Brenda jump,   "Just stand still," was the command from
George and Kim carried on playing with it,tickling and pushing her fingers into
the lips and rubbing the clit  Mary said,  "If she wants to be our friend let`s
make her lick Kim`s pussie,let`s see her tongue her out" Kim cried,  "Yes,yes do
it to me come on, bet you do it better than George does," Brenda opened her
eye`s as Kim laid back on the bed and opened her leg`s wide,how could they call
her a pervert with what these children were saying,what had they been doing to
each other, "Go on lady, you have no choice,give her a licking,let`s see you
tongue her cunt,what does it matter 14 or 9 it`s just a nice juicy slit that
want`s your tongue,go on,she wiggles,go on find out" Brenda could do
anything,she let go of her pants and skirt, lent forward on the bed,dropped her
head down between the girls legs and kissed the little hairless slit,George`s
hand pushed the back of her head,forcing her mouth to make contact with the
gapping slit as her tongue started to lick,all she could think was,how could
this be happening to her.

 Mary was the first to break the silence,  "George can I play with her
tit`s,please,I let you play with mine,I want to feel what mine will be like when
I grow up," George laughed,   "If you get tit`s as big as hers you will be a
popular girl with the boy`s,yes go on she`s to busy with her mouth to worry
you," Brenda, who was still bent over the bed licking the happy Kim  could just
see Mary laying on the bed undoing the buttons of her blouse and reaching inside
her bra to pull her tit`s roughly out, at the same time the back of her blouse
was being pushed up her back by George and her bra strap released,Mary said,  
"Wow, I hope mine are this big, look at the length of her nipples I,m going to
suck and bite them,like you do to mine"   

"I,ll look and play with  them later," said George,   "I,ve got something else
to play with,"as his hand slid under the back of Brenda`s skirt and slowly
travailed up her beautiful leg`s till he reached her bottom sliding his hand all
over it,Brenda`s hand came back to stop him,it was soon slapped away,   "Nobody
told you to stop licking and I,ll keep playing with what I want,you got a great
ass,I intend to fully explore every bit of  it and I mean  fully,"with that he
slid under her pants and down the crack of her ass,pushing into her ass-hole
that made he wiggle and George loved that as he carried on round to her cunt to
give that a fingering, it was at that time that Kim moaned loudly and came in
Brenda`s mouth and Brenda quickly stood up,   "Me next,me next,I want my pussie
licked out,I want her tongue up my cunt" Mary cried,taking her short`s and
pant`s off,laying on the bed with spread leg`s, George said,  "Down you go again
only this time,Brenda take off your clothes,let`s see some tit`s swinging and
that nice big ass pointing up wards,"    a weak voice sobbed,   "Please no,no
more,you can`t make me do this,"   all she got back was,  "We can do what we
like to you and you will do anything we ask,now strip and suck,baby-sitter, or
should I say sucker," the children's eyes devoured the lovely woman as she shed
her clothes and took up the position she had been told,this time with Kim
playing with her tit`s and still George used his fingers to exploring her ass
then slid his hand between her leg`s and tickled her cunt.

Mary did`nt take long before she was jumping, moaning and coming as Brenda had
found out what to do to excite the 10 yr old and whipeing the come from her
mouth she stood up reaching for her clothes,George ripped them from her, 
"Have`nt you forgotten someone Brenda,my dick is in need of relief and being as
your so good with your mouth I get to fuck it so get on your knees and start
sucking,"what was the point of saying no,Brenda dropped to her knees and took
the 12 yr olds cock in her mouth and started to pump him up and down as fast as
she could to get it over with,it helped to have him fucking her mouth as well,
she was amazed at the come that nearly chocked her, the amount that filled her
mouth gave him so much pleasure, making her swallow it all.

She sat on the floor exhorted as the two girl`s still probed her body, pinching
and squeezing her tit`s and feeling her up ,she had,nt noticed George disappear
and return with three old skipping ropes,she was just about to get up when all
three jumped on her,Mary caught her hard in the stomach with her knee and she
doubled up with pain,then her wrist`s were pulled behind her and tied,being
pulled back onto her knees,her ankles crossed and tied then the rope pasted
through her wrists,hog tying her,her elbows were tied together forcing her
forword and the ends wrapped round her and tied off under her enlarged tit`s,all
this happened so quickly that within seconds she was helpless kneeling looking
at the three,   "Please let me go,I,ve done all you wanted,don`t make me do any
more,please I,m begging you,"   George smiled that smile,   "Beg all you want
you are staying right where you are, I want my dick sucked hard again,open your
mouth it`s just the place I want to stick it,you did`nt think you were going to
get away with a quickie did you."

Brenda found herself again with her mouth being abuse for the enjoyment of the
young tormenter`s and worked hard again to get him off quick,all of a sudden he
pulled it out and shoved her hard back,she fell, as she did, the way she was
tied forced her legs to open wide and George knelt between them,she gasped,  
"George stop for god sake what are you doing," with that ever present smile,    
"What the fuck do you think you stupid cunt,you,ve got it hard so I,m going to
stick my cock in you and fuck you,I,m going to have that wet cunt of your`s,now
shut the fuck up and wiggle it nice so I come," with one push he entered her and
started ramming as hard as he could,   "Come on Mary sit on her face let`s fuck
her both end`s,"Brenda`s humiliation was now final,there she was a grown woman
laying bound at the elbows,her wrist`s tied to her ankles forcing her knees wide
so a 12 yr old can have access to the place that had so recently been for the
man she loved and her tongue being forced to lick a 10 yr old girls cunt as her
nipples were pulled and twisted hard to make her work faster,wiggling her hips
and flicking her tongue waiting for them to deposit there come on her and in
her,she did`nt have to wait long.

As George got up he pulled at Mary,  "Get off her, Kim want`s her again and she
suck`s good laid on her back,let her sit on her face for a while,she`s going no
where" to Brenda`s horror Kim was soon sitting on her face demanding the same
treatment as Mary and she could hear that George was making a phone call,    
"Barry can you do a sleep over,--- Great,----Get over here,you,ll never guess
who we got,-------You know that Sarah,-------Ya, I did,nt think you,d
forget,young cunt, big tit`s that`s the one, well I got her mum here,-------You
better believe it,-----Ya,want to know the best bit,-------She`s naked,tied hand
and foot and we are fucking her,she suck`s cock and pussie great------ No she
don`t put out, we are having a great time raping her--------No, there`s fuck all
she can do about it,we can do what we like with her--------Tell you when you get
here,-------Great, see you in 15 minutes, well girls this should be fun,Barry`s
coming over and he has a score to settle with our baby-sucker,we all know what
an evil bastard he can be so as I said, this could be fun,"Brenda laid there in
that agonising tied position still with her tongue working on getting a 9 yr old
girls cunt to come in her mouth,dreading what these evil children had planned
for her next.
 
Kim got very excited,grinding down on Brenda`s mouth,   "Oh goodie, Barry`s
coming I hope he want`s us to suck his cock,it`s so big and he takes so long to
come,"Mary joined in,  "Yes,he can lick my pussie again but I hope he will be
gentile when he spank`s me,it hurt last time,"    George laughed,   "I think you
girl`s will have to wait your turn,it`s baby-sucker he`s coming to see," as he
said that Kim spat some juice into Brenda`s mouth,sighed and got up,they had
only just managed to haul Brenda onto the bed still tied when the front door
banged and footsteps came up the stair`s and this bigger boy came in the
bedroom,   "Fucking hell, you were,nt joking,what a fantastic piece of ass she
is,hello cunt, remember me, you got me in deep shit, now it`s your turn,how
do`es it feel,"   Brenda felt the tears in her eyes as she went to beg for
mercy,  "Gag her,don`t want to hear no wining,now tell me why she can`t tell on
us"as George spoke Mary stuffed her pants into Brenda`s mouth and a school tie
held them in.

Barry laughed at Brenda,   "5 yrs,you horny pervert,we could make up enough to
get her put away for five plus more,boy this is heaven and you,ve got a  gorges
body,nice tit`s and a fuckable cunt as well,let the party begin,"Barry lept on
the bed beside Brenda his hands began to explore her tit`s,cunt and ass,   "Nice
body cunt, we going to have some fun together,have you seen the kitchen with all
those old beams to hang thing`s from,you are about to become a thing,me and
George are going to take you for a little walk, come on George untie her feet
and let`s go,I got so much planned and not enough time to do it all," her feet
were untied and she was ready to go down to the kitchen.

Brenda was marched down the stairs with the rope that was to her legs now still
fastened to her wrists but between her legs, the girls pulled it tight up into
her ass and cunt while the boys where ether side pulling and twisting on her
nipples while pinching her ass making her squeal into her gag they were all
laughing as they pulled their captive into the kitchen,the girls held the rope
as high as they could making Brenda get up on her tip-toes to stop it cutting
into her cunt while George and Barry looked around for what they needed,tape and
more rope,they taped Brenda`s legs together as they untied her wrists and elbows
making it imposable for her to escape, they tied her wrists infront and she
watched them in dread throw the end over a beam and hoist her up on her
toe`s,still more tears as she looked at her tormentors giggling at her
helplessness,Barry stood infront of her tickling her cunt and squeezing her
tit`s,   "I got one hell of a switching when your kid told on me,I did`nt do no
harm,just a little feel of her slit, now it`s your turn to do a little dancing
for me,"Brenda made no sense as she mumbled pleading noise`s into the gag, Barry
smiled at her as he went behind  and started stroking her ass and pinching as
far between her legs as he could,tring to pull some cunt hair   "Oh this will
look nice striped and hot,I bet you,ll do anything to stop the pain and you have
the equipment to stop it," his fingers came round and tickled her cunt again,he
took a hand full of hair and gave it a tug then she felt his finger  pushing
past the lips and up into her giving her a short finger fuck,   "That`s a nice
slit,like mother,like daughter," then a hard slap meant the beginning of the
torture.

All of them got garden canes and set to their task of making her dance,Brenda
spun and jumped but could not escape as the whippy canes found there target,her
thighs,ass,belly and tit`s became lines of red before Barry decided to have a
bit of fun with a belt using it on her ass and cunt,he stood behind her and laid
into her ass loving the way she shot forward and then swung back at each
stroke,then he stood in front and flicked the belt,catching her between the
leg`s watching her shake with pain till Brenda could take no more and she let
him beat her as her body hung on the rope`s,Barry held her face by her jaw, 
"You want me to stop," Brenda nodded,   "Then your going to suck my cock,lick my
ass and let my fuck yours and your going to make me enjoy it,got it," another
nod from Brenda was the signal to let her down,her feet were untied but then
tied with a small gap so she shuffle about,her wrist were left bound and her
elbows tied to her side,Barry took of his trousers and pants looked at the
gagged woman standing infront of him,   "One gag off and another one in,on your
knees bitch and give me great head,it`s my turn to enjoy you then we will take
you back upstairs`s where you can spend the rest of the time servicing us all
with all your holes.

She knelt on the hard kitchen floor as the 14 yr old boy pushed his cock hard in
and out of her mouth,then he,d stop and let her suck him and do all the
work,slapping her face if she slowed down she knew he was coming as he held her
head made her look at him and pushed his full length in and down her throat
pumping every drop into her making sure she had her nose buried in his cock hair
all the time then he stood back to enjoy her choking and gasping for air on the
floor,Mary squealed,   "I wish I could suck him that far,I like making Barry
fuck my mouth,"she was then forced to clean his ass with her tongue, he bent
infront of her to the cheers of the others as she pushed her tongue into the
foul boys asshole,before she was taken back upstair`s he laid her over the table
and buggered her ass while slapping the sore whip marks,making sure she wiggled
her ass around to his command,the laughter was deafening then and as she tried
to get up stairs with just a little space to walk, the rope again around her
waist and through her legs digging into her ass and cunt as they all took turns
to pull her up,her crying and pleading only ended with some-one behind her
caning her sore ass if she spoke.

The rest of the night for Brenda was to be the sex toy for the sadistic sexual
pleasures of the four children and if she did`nt give pleasure there was always
a trip back to the kitchen,Barry had his share for a while so he let George fuck
her ass,Mary got infront of her and made her lick her small tits` and nipples
before pushing her head down to start lapping at her cunt again,next Kim did
what she liked best,sitting on Brenda`s face as the boys pulled her cunt hair
and pinched her, till she was sticking her tongue as far up the 9 yr olds cunt
as she could,Mary was happy to watch, sitting between the boys with a cock in
ether hand getting them hard again excited to know what they were going to do to
Brenda next,she soon found out that two up was the next bit of fun, Barry
fucking her cunt while George bent her over to suck and kiss his cock,Mary who
was fascinated by Brenda`s big tit`s got under her and pulled,twisted and
pinched her already sore nipples.

As the night wore on the attacks became less,Brenda even found herself asleep at
one point only to be woken when Mary sat back on her face and demanded a
licking,thank good for morning,Barry had left , Brenda was untied,told to shower
and clean herself up,after the shower she went down stair`s and just sat staring
into space as the kid`s stayed in their room but Brenda could still hear their
horrid laughter,after a hour or so Brenda pulled herself together,thought`s of
getting out without trouble were high in her mind,must wash dish`s,all must be
normal,she thought going through the motion`s with her body so sore, a reminder
of her night of hell,Mrs King returned all full of bluster and fun,   "Did the
little darling give you any trouble,"  as the children ran down to greet her,  
"Mummy,mummy,we all had a great night Mrs Carter is the best, she is so much
fun,please oh please may she come again we don`t want anyone else,and she said
she would do anything to be our friend,did`nt you Mrs Carter,"   Brenda nodded 
Mrs King was very happy to hear this,  "Oh good I,ve got to go to the follow up
meeting on Tuesday and I did so want the Mayor to come ,so you will baby-sit
again, now how much do I owe you will 20 be enough and 20 again on Tuesday,thank
you so much,you don`t know what a relief it is to have someone who can make the
darlings happy,"  Brenda`s mind raced,    "Eeeerrrrr no, I don`t think so,there
Sarah you see,"  Mrs King was adamant,  " Bring her along,I,m sure the children
would love to play with her"one look at the grin on Georges face told Brenda, no
way,   "Eeeerrrrr no, she can stay with her friend Jackie but I will do it."

For the next two day`s Brenda planned how she could use this Tuesday night to
get out of the hole she was in,first she needed a weapon to save herself,a small
club with a ribbed handle for easy grip and a way to get them to talk while she
had a hidden tape machine in her purse then she could get the tape edited and
make them look bad children to mother,she arranged for Jackie to invite Sarah
over after school and Tuesday night arrived

Brenda dressed strong,solid underwear,trousers and a high neck jumper,she
arrived at seven she was about to knock,when Mr and Mrs King came out, " Thanks
again for coming, be back in the morning, the girls are in the lounge,I think
George is in his room,have`nt seen him but I heard some noise so that must be
him,bye now sorry to hear Sarah was unable to go out,still I expect you have
made other arrangements," and before Brenda could speak the car was away,Sarah,
what was she saying,she went in and the two girls meet her,   "Hello
baby-sucker,want some more cock sucking fun," Mary said,  "How's your cunt and
ass, still sore,want me to kiss it better after I,ve sat on your face,I,m
dripping for a good licking"Brenda gripped the club in her pocket,   "Oh by the
way George want`s you to go straight upstairs now or you will be in serious
trouble," Brenda gripped the club harder thinking, he will soon see who`s in
serious trouble,  she went up the stair`s and flung the bedroom door open,she
nearly fainted at the sight, there on the bed was Barry and George and in
between them was Sarah,naked with her arms over her head,wrist`s tied through
the brass bed head, each ankle tied to the bottom outer frame so her leg`s were
spread very wide a thick wedge of cloth stuffed in her mouth and held there with
tape and her young body had stripe marks the same as the faded one`s on Brenda`s
ass,   "Hello Mrs Carter," Barry said as he held one of Sarah's nipples up and a
knife close by it, sit down over there,we got some talking to do.

Brenda just looked at them,  "I don`t care if her future husband likes one
nipple,it would be a shame to spoil something so beautiful but it`s up to you,"
Barry looked evil,and Brenda had no choice she moved and sat,Barry carried on, 
"Well George you can see where Sarah get`s her looks from, have you every seen
two such beauties,Brenda dear, you look hot in that jumper,take it off,"with a
defeated look she did,  "And lose the bra,your tit`s don`t need it"she looked at
her helpless daughter and undid her bra letting it fall to the floor,    "Mary
you got the goods,"Mary moved to Brenda waving a pair of handcuffs,, "Put them
on Mrs Carter,behind your back,don`t worry about the rest of your clothes we
will see to them,"

Brenda clicked them on her wrist`s behind her,   "Allright you have me, now let
Sarah go,"Brenda said, the kids just laughed,   "Stand up so the girls can take
the rest off,let me see that lovely cunt again," Mary and Kim giggled and played
with her ass and cunt as the rest of her clothes were removed,     "Sit down Mrs
Carter,my, you look so tasty naked,don`t worry I will let you suck my cock but
the delight`s of playing with your ass and cunt will have to wait,Sarah want`s
to tell you a story about all the fun we have had since 4 this afternoon," he
pushed the knife at Sarah,    "Don`t you,and she is going to do it word for word
arn`t you or we can hurt some little places somemore," George pulled the tape
off and dug the cloth out of her mouth,half coughing,half crying the first words
were,  "Mummy",but a quick jab with the knife and that evil look from Barry, she
started the story.

Her voice was a pathetic whimper but Brenda had been told not to speak,just
listen and in the position they both were in she did as she was told, "Oh mummy
they meet me as I was going to Jackie`s house,George grabbed my hand and put the
hand cuff on my wrist and his,told me that would stop me running and Barry
showed me the knife,he held it close as they walked me back here the girls ran
around us masking what was happening till we got to the back door then they
gagged me put the handcuffs on me ,tied my legs and carried me up here,they put
more tape over my mouth,piled pillows in the middle of the bed and laid me face
down over them so they could lift my skirt up and have my bottom sticking up for
them to inspect,they pinched and played with my bottom pushing their fingers in
me,it hurt, then they pulled my pants down got a cane and hurt me,they would,nt
stop till I was crying,they made me promise to strip for them and do it in a
sexy way,"the tears were running down her face as she told of her humiliation
all Brenda could do was smile,nod and try and give some reassurance,knowing it
was her fault she was in this hell,   "They untied me but left me gagged and I
had to wiggle myself about as I took off my clothes,they kept pinching me making
me wiggle even after I was naked till they tied me up again put me back on the
bed and started beating me,to stop them I had to promise to suck the boys cocks
and lick the girls pussies, I wanted them to stop,I had no choice they hurt me
so much and when Mr and Mrs King went out to get a present for their friends it
was the perfect time to take off my gag and make me do all those things.

Sarah`s voice,now a little clearer still sent shock wave`s through Brenda as
this hatefilled story continued much to Barry and the other`s enjoyment, "They
made me try and suck both their cocks at once but I could`nt get them in my
mouth so I had to suck six times on one then six times on the other all the time
the girls were pulling at my breasts and playing with my pussie it went on for
ages till they both made me swallow every drop of what came out of their cocks
then I had to do the girls they made me finger them both as I kissed their
pussies making them come ,I told them my mouth was too sore to do anymore but
Barry made me kiss and lick his balls then his cock till it was hard enough to
stick back in my mouth,the Kings came back and I was quickly gagged and tied to
the bed,Barry told me  his cock was still very hard and needed to get rid of his
juice he was sorry he could`nt stick it in my mouth as I had a good cocksucking
mouth so my cunt would have to do,honest mummy I tried to stop him but gagged
and tied like this he just took me,"Barry looked at me as his hand went down and
played with Sarah`s cunt, "Mrs Carter your daughter was a great fuck for a first
timer,George said she was great again the second time when he ploughed her
cunt,oh and by the way you will have to wash her pants when you get home,I had
to have somewhere to wipe my cock clean, well you know how messy these virgins
can be,anyway after we fucked and the girls sucked her a couple more times you
arrived and here we are,you,ve just made it more holes for us to fuck," they
both laughed and Brenda`s whole body filled with hate for the four children.

Brenda watched as he played with her daughters pussie and George squeezed her
young full breasts,the girls had just sat and played with themselves as the
story was told,Barry kept kissing the side of Sarah`s face as he finger fucked
the tight young slit,

"She get`s really wet thinking of us fucking her,the girls sucking her tit`s and
talking about it,don`t you,she`s got one hot cunt has your daughter,why don`t
you come over here  I,ll show you,come on Mrs Carter do as your told,Brenda got
up,still with the handcuffs on she slowly  walked to the side of the bed, Barry
took his hand out of Sarah`s cunt,"Lick it, go on taste  your daughters cunt,
it`s tasty, I know,I gave her a good sucking before I fucked her,she got really
wet,taste it,"the two girls stood ether side of her as she bent her head to the
command of the evil child and opened her mouth as he stuck his wet fingers in
her mouth, the girls took advantage of her bent position to play with her ass
and cunt,Barry made her suck hard then said,  "Come on Mrs Carter taste the real
thing,put your face down and suck her for yourself,you know we can make you do
it and the girls will give your cunt a thrill if you bend a bit more or I can
whip it,now do it,"he spat the last three words out and Brenda knew she had to
and she felt sick at the thought.

Her head lowered until it was just above her daughters pussie and Barry took
great delight in grabbing her hair and dragging her  the rest of the way, "Keep
your legs straight,I like to see your ass pointing skywards,it makes it easy for
me to stick my fingers in your ass and cunt,"said George and he joined the girls
behind her, she felt hands everywhere on her,tit`s ass and cunt as she performed
her filthy task for the enjoyment of Barry,   "More tongue, come on you have got
to go as far up as possible then you get to enjoy her full flavour," Barry was
pushing her so hard,"Mary,Kim let George have her ass you two come and suck
Sarah`s tit`s you know what it did to her last time," as Barry gave that
command,Brenda heard Sarah sob, "Oh no please no, she is my mother,don`t make it
happen"as Mary started sucking on Sarah she said,   "We know this will be
fun,her nipples go very hard," it only took a while for Brenda to realise what
they meant as all the attention Sarah`s young body was getting was having the
effect of making her pussie very wet and her hips start to push towards the
invading tongue.

  With a shout Sarah orgasmed into her mothers mouth much to the enjoyment of
the others apart from George who had to stop fingering Brenda as she stood up
with her face covered in juice,Mary jumped on the bed and stood face to face
with Brenda,George held the back of Brenda`s head as Mary licked the juice from
her face,this was to much for Brenda and she scream at them,"You bastards,you
fucking filthy bastards you are nothing but sick perverted fucking shit`s,"she
shook with rage but all Barry did was smile,  "Oh dear our little toy is calling
us names,right time for a little discipline I think and we have made it easy
this time,no need to go to the kitchen,we can hang things here," George shut her
up,"he gave George Sarah's pants which were soon stuffed into Brenda`s mouth and
taped in as Barry put a rope up to a new big ceiling hook and looked at the
struggling captive,"Don`t hurt her please I will do anything you ask but don`t
hurt my mummy,"Sarah`s pleas went unheard as the handcuffs were tied to the end
of the rope and pulled upwards,bending Brenda over,Mary went under the bed and
got a broom handle, then Barry and George set too, tying Brenda`s ankles to each
end,the four looked at her bent over with her legs wide open, her cunt and tit`s
totally defenceless.

  Barry started to untie Sarah`s legs,  "We are going to give you a ring side
seat,you get to watch how a baby-sucker is tought to obey," her wrist were
untied from the bedhead and bent behind her head tied off around her neck,then
she was sat on the edge of the bed facing her captive mother,Mary again went
under the bed this time came out with a cane in her hand which she was only to
delighted to hand to Barry,Sarah closed her eye`s as Barry went behind her
mother and Brenda braced herself but to no avail as she screamed into the gag at
the first hit then the second and on to the tenth as the others counted,Barry
went to the front and let a couple of flicks hit the underside of Brenda`s tit`s
before her asked if she,d had enough,the glazed eyes and defeated nod said it
all, Barry smiled, "Want to suck some cock,ya ready for a bit of meat to have
some fun in that pretty mouth of yours,ready to be fucked and do some sucking on
cock and pussie,ready to have a mouth full of juice,ya your ready," Barry looked
over at Sarah,"George leave her tit`s alone,come here little girl,I want you to
return the favour,get between your mothers legs and suck her pussie it`s time to
see whats turns mummy on,"Sarah looked in horror,"No I could`nt, not my
mummy,never,"Barry smiled,  "O.K I,ll do something else,go on George,Sarah`s
tit`s and cunt are all yours again"he took the tape and tore a bit off then
stuck it to Brenda`s neatly trimed cunt hairs,two more strips to each nipple
then with a yank he pulled them off one by one,Brenda`s eyes filled with tears
as she watched him tear another three peice`s,    "I,ll do it ,I.ll do anything
just stop hurting her," cried Sarah.

He pulled Sarah over and pushed her down between Brenda`s legs the threating
look in his face made Sarah start licking her mothers exposed cunt,he moved back
infront of Brenda and torn the gag off, "Don`t talk,just suck it,"and he guided
his cock in to the open mouth,he just stood there as the pretty head bobed up
and down,"Hay Mary get down with Sarah, have a play with it, I,m sure two heads
are better than one and you enjoy it Mrs Carter I,m just going to fuck your face
and come in your mouth,I,ll tell you when to start swallowing."

He emptied himself in to her and moved back,"Here George want some mouth she
still sucks the best," George took his place and pumped away,Barry stood on
Brenda`s trouser,"What the fuck is that,"and he bent,picking up the club that
was in her pocket,"Were you going to use that on us,we are brave arn,t we,let`s
see how you like it,I,m sure we can find a use for it,get out of the way
Mary,Sarah move up, lick and suck on her clit,I,ve got a little present for her
hole,"George held her head hard down on his cock,Sarah moved up and Barry
inserted the ribbed handle of the club up into Brenda`s cunt.

Slowly he pushed it in then out a bit then back in,Brenda`s ass wiggled and
jumped trying to escape the invading object,Barry pushed Sarah head making sure
she was licking as much of the clit as possible,soon he had a good seven inches
up her,then playing with her asshole with his other hand he started to fuck the
ribbed club in and out of Brenda`s cunt slowly at first then  as the handle got
wetter a little harder,George moaned,"Fucking hell is she sucking my cock,god
she`s going to pull it off,"a low laugh came from Barry as he pumped her
faster,and for the first time since Karen a groan of pleasure came from Brenda
and as George filled her mouth the orgasm flooded out into Sarah`s mouth and
Brenda moaned long and loud as she hung,shaking in her ropes,"Nice one Mrs
Carter,now let`s get you down and get the girl`s off it is their turn and I,m
sure you and your Sarah won`t  mind sucking their cunts for them,"he untied the
rope from the handcuffs then fastened them infront and let her stand up,as
George undid her legs he stood infront of her kissing her hard on the mouth
while he played with her tit`s," So you like it hard,that`s what gets you
going,I,ll remember that, hows about a nice snog beautifull,it must kiss nice as
well as suck cock great,Brenda still weak from her orgasm opened her mouth and
let his tongue in,he only stopped exploring when the girls wined about their
turn,Sarah,whose hands were now tied infront of her, was knelt beside the bed
with her head between Kim`s legs and Brenda the same between Mary as the two
boys were behind guiding their cocks into two tight ass-holes.

As the night went on the perverted act`s continued Sarah and Brenda were made to
sixty nine with each other,not being aloud to stop till they both came in each
others mouths then do it with Kim and Mary before the boys were ready to fuck
them both again they said the best was when George fucked Sarah's mouth with
Barry up her ass and Brenda licking her daughters cunt again ,it was after that
they realized the time,the handcuffs were removed and they were told to get
dressed, they only had an hour before the Kings would be back and everything
must look right and remember, 5 yrs is a long time in prison especially with
prison dykes.

The Kings arrived back, just as gushy as ever,the children all said what a great
time they had,Mrs King was so pleased to see that Sarah was there it was so nice
for the children to have some-one new to play with and she did`nt forget to pay
and hoped that Brenda would not be too tied up to come again,  the children
liked to have her come.

Brenda and Sarah, now let`s see, last time I saw them, Sarah was a very popular
girl at school mostly around break time,you could find her behind the gym
usually with a cock in both hands and bent over sucking another while her cunt
was being kept busy with fingers or a cock or even a girls tongue,Brenda was out
a lot at night but Sarah did,nt need a baby-sitter,Barry or some of his friends
would come round and use her mouth or other holes for their enjoyment,Brenda is
the most popular baby-sitter the town has,and so cheap, nearly all the kids want
her,parents have never been able to go out so much,yes the last time I saw her I
could tell by the look in her face, as a 13 yr old cock was fucking her cunt, a
10 yr olds cock was up her ass and a 12 yr old banging her mouth, with two other
boys waiting their turn to play with the body of this beautiful woman, she was
thinking.

  WHAT WOULD HAVE HAPPENED,         IF ONLY I,D SAID YES THE FIRST TIME.

                                                      PAGAN.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





