BDSM Library - Faena




Faena
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: All of my Faibhar stories are ficticious. Many contain scenes of non-consensual torture and female crucifixion. Richly researched and innovatively delivered, "Faena" is no exception.
Faena

	A pirate's life had its share of pitfalls; a woman's perhaps even greater. It
seemed as though Mother Nature, the enemy and this strange land had all
conspired to dig Rhianna's pit deeper than any, regardless of gender. Now there
began this bizarre bullfight, a blood sport infamous for stacking the odds
against the quarry, which, as fate would deem it, was her. The capture and rapes
were sheer misery, but now this bizarre making her into some kind of bull for
the pleasure of the spectators pushed her to despair.

	Nature's part contributed the unexpected Atlantic storm. Disoriented, she and
her shipmates were swept away from their fleet. Outnumbered, they were
overwhelmed by the locals when the roiling seas finally calmed. Imprisoned on
the tiny island of Graciosa, torments over the past days and nights disclosed
Rhianna as the leader of the unwanted intruders. Rapes that followed left the
Germanic blonde quivering in her solitary cell, violated, starving and totally
abandoned.

    Tropical air flooded the rotten dark as the small door wrenched open meaning
either surcease or more horrors. She brushed aside lank strands that covered
swollen eyes and reflected that the way winds were blowing, the latter was more
probable than the former. Dark figures appeared in the lighted doorway, reached
in and dragged her naked body out into the open air.
	
	Preparing her, they had done many things. Water had been poured down her
throat. The hooves of animals securely tied to the soles of her feet and palms
of her hands. Elderly women had brushed thick coatings of a red paint over the
pinkish nipples and aureole. The wispy patch between her legs that had been such
a draw before was shaven free of its home, now puffy and swollen from abuse. A
hand gathered head hair and severed it at the base of her skull. It was then
tightly braided into a single strand, attached to a dark rod and this was then
hammered into Rhianna's raw and partially distended anal opening. A loose end of
the fashioned "tail" brushed against the backs of the sobbing female's knees.
Finally, a pair of horns was tied onto her shoulders. The sharpened ends pointed
up and even though the set were from novillos, or young bulls, the added weight
still inclined her upper torso forward. Thus bizarrely prepared, she was pushed
into the awaiting cage.

***

    A riotous crowd shook Las Ventas to the very foundations of its mudejan
style. The Grand Portal opened and an aged mule slowly pulled in the rickety
cart carrying the rattan cage. Inside, Rhianna balanced on all fours. The sight
caused an even louder uproar. Flags at either end of the arena rippled. Colorful
peasants' dresses shook. Brass horns blared.

    Given the small size of the space, the horns protruded through the bars of
the front rattan door. They scraped as the cart began to move, giving Rhianna
little movement from side to side of her head, but once inside the ring, she was
clearly able to see the stacked bodies of her crew along the far wall. Near them
sat a platform on top of which stood a large wrought iron X. The mangled corpses
made Rhianna both sick and filled with hate. Towering above them arose
intertwined rods of black metal that formed the cross. Mere shards of sun
squinted through where coarse iron coiled together on the menacing edifice.

    The cart stopped. Hands unlocked the front door and it was raised. From
behind, she was prodded out. Rhianna fell to the sand and then carefully stood.
With the hooves/platforms on her feet, she wavered taller than the men around
her. Warily glancing around as the place rocked. She kept her hoofed hands at
her sides. Before her, some yards away, arrogantly stood a young matador. His
traze de luces, or suit of light, sparkled with the same braggadocio. The large
green cape he held outstretched beckoned.

    Rhianna tried to ignore her nudity before the raucous crowd, and the tail
fashioned from her own hair that hung between her legs. Her focus was on the
dead of her people just beyond the cape and her eyes narrowed on the matador.
She pawed at the sand in an attempt to get some traction from the unwieldy
soles, and then lowered her head and charged. The spectators roared their
approval as the tall blonde began to pound across the arena.

    Little did the prisoner know that this was the beginning of the first Faena.
Her strength and courage would now be adjudged. Little did Rhianna care as her
speed increased and head lowered. Those savvy of bullfights, or merely lustful
of pulchritude wildly cheered. The nude charged into the billowing green.
Surprising the young man, the female abruptly pivoted. Caught unaware, the right
horn deeply stabbed into the back of his shoulder. The matador sank to his
knees, crimson blossoms blooming over the back of his fancy suit. Winded, the
tall blonde staggered back. Rhianna had impressed those scoring her first Faena.

    A more seasoned matador was summoned as slaves ran out to Rhianna. Other
slaves bearing a litter ran to assist the fallen matador. Between the two of
them hurrying to the prisoner sloshed a wooden bucket of water. With a scoop,
they submerged it, and then gave her drink. One of them wiped clear the
prisoner's face while the other set the bucket down and helped the female to
stand up straighter. Their missions accomplished, they fled the ring leaving
only Rhianna standing in the middle. The fallen matador long sense carried off.

    Three mounted baderillos announced the beginning of the second Faena. Their
galloping cutting horses burst through the Great Portal and circled around the
curious prey with the painted tits, hooves, braided tail and horns above her
head. This was unlike any they had encountered before. Alongside each saddle,
the riders carried brightly colored barbed sticks. These were smaller than the
usual banderillas used on bulls. Like the actual ones, however, they were
designed not to kill, but rather, to harm or infuriate. With this occasion,
today their targets would not merely confined to the back as was normal with a
four-legged beast.

    Rhianna spun in the sand as she tried to keep each horse and its rider in
sight. The hooves still made her legs stumble, but she was getting more used to
having them on. She jumped to the side as the first stick flew. It landed
harmlessly in the sand. She sidestepped the next. Sweat drenched her face-she
felt the rest of her slick as well. Seeing a moment, she ran head lowered at the
hatless rider. Not wanting to hurt the steed, she aimed for the human's leg,
misjudged and lost her balance. The sand hit hard but she regained her footing.
Her animal instincts now prevailed.

    With the crowd, the second rider also saw his chance. Shoulder blades
glistened as they arose from the ring floor. A perfect target. He threw out his
first banderilla. It hit and stuck. Saluting the crowd with his freed hand, he
circled his mount but kept an eye on the blonde whose screech was heard above
all as she continued to arch her back in a futile attempt to shake off the pain.
The stick he had thrown now wedged between ribs in her lower back. She tried to
reach behind and get it, but the hooves on her hands proved too cumbersome.
Blood now streamed down the sheen of tortured female flesh. The rider lowered
the brim of his sombrero and wrapped his fingers around another shaft.

    Rhianna stumbled as the fire in her back exploded. Whirling around, she
watched the leering rider gallop around her as he waved to the crowd. She lost
sight of the first. Furiously, she whipped her horned head around. The sharpened
points with its bloodied tusk sliced through the hot air. The tail swished backs
of thighs. Sweat combined with paint on bulging breasts. Tanned limbs and pink
flesh, normally covered but now painfully exposed, ran slick with sweat. It
turned out the paint covering and ringing her nipples also contained a chipotle
chili sauce. Spices mixed with the growing heat caused all flesh it came in
contact with to swell as if branded.

    Rhianna wiped perspiration from stinging eyes using only the inside of her
forearm. It helped some, but still vision remained blurred. Somewhere, in the
ring, she envisioned the bodies plus the cross that she knew was ultimately
meant for her.

***

	Chipolte mixed tomatoes, garlic, chili and other stuff. Rhianna only made the
sting sharper by attempting to wipe the heat away with an arm across the
breasts. The thought did cross her mind that there actually was very little
paint applied as she had earlier assumed. Most of the red had been the hot mix.
Already, Rhianna's own body betrayed her, allowing deeper penetration as her
pores opened. Swelling of the reddened mammaries increased as the heat further
deepened.

	The naval princess jumped away from another thrown banderilla but awkwardly
tripped. This time, the white bitch would not be so lucky as before, the
horsemen all thought as another of them aimed for an exposed thigh and let fly
the barbed stick. Blood spurted from just beneath the left buttock. The shaft
remained imbedded.

	There was little she could do, other than cry out and dodge away. It was bad
enough running naked with a plug up your butt and burning breasts that seemed to
blaze through her chest. Now she had two spears of fire stuck in her backside.
Rhianna fell to one knee. In that moment, she glanced up into the packed stands
and saw that there were some that actually were cheering for her. Tired though
she was, support from the audience and her own personal sense of never being a
quitter drove her on. Quickly regaining her footing, she ran from the first
horseman. Bent lower at the waist and now badly limping, instincts reminded her
to keep the enemy in view.

	Another scream was heard above the roar of the stadium. The third rider was
waiting and launched his missile. This one's barb buried itself into the right
shoulder blade, bringing the dripping nude to her knees. Three orange-wrapped
sticks stuck out at odd angles as muscled bare arms pressed forward. Hooves tied
to palms dug furrows in the sand. Points from the horns landed on either side.

	Alert for any deception, the second rider rapidly fired another banderilla at
the upturned ass. The prisoner bellowed as it sank into her flesh. Arching her
stabbed back, she unsuccessfully tried wiggling her hips to shake the stick
free. The action brought the crowd to its feet. Not wishing to be outdone by his
colleague, the first rider brought his horse alongside, leaned down from his
saddle and shoved the 2 1/2-foot lance in his hands toward hanging tit, pushing
it forward until the shaft sunk deeply into the engorged flesh.

	Rhianna nearly fell over, but remained on her hands and knees. Ignoring the
searing pains proved impossible. Sweat rained from her lowered head and formed a
muddy puddle in the sand between her hands. Looking down and backward, she saw
more puddles formed under her nearly defeated body. The slightest movement
brought sheer agony from the piercing barbs. Only when she heard her name being
repeatedly called did she raise her wearied head. When she did, she saw that a
new matador stood in front of her, and that the riders had departed. Faena 2 was
over and now Faena 3 was about to begin. Her body wanted so much to lie on its
side, but she refused the temptation and remained on her hands and knees, the
now darkened tail hanging limply between her thighs, the right leg lengthened
behind the other.

	At his repeated entreaty, she finally amassed enough strength to drag on her
knees and arms toward the figure with the red cape. Agonizingly, she crawled
ever closer.

	White handkerchiefs waved from the gallery. Never had they witnessed such a
lustful spectacle. Chants began and were seconded. They cried as if with one
voice: The beautiful pirate was to get the cross-not that her life should be
spared, but instead, that she should die upon the iron figure towering above the
wooden platform.

	Rhianna reached the red cape. Fatalistically, she looked up at its owner. This
matador looked different than the first: Not only was his fancy suit a different
color, but also as he looked down at her he seemed wiser and more experienced.
Prepared to die, she looked for the sharp saber in his hand and was actually
disappointed when she saw none. The new man instead bent down, caressed her
cheek and then gripped the shaft protruding from her swinging breast and yanked.

	Fatty tissue and bloody gore ripped out as the barb pulled free. Rhianna did
then fall to her side. Assistants to the matador rushed out and jerked out the
other banderillas leaving the female sprawled flat on the sand. More blood
flowed from the fallen. They pulled off the horns and untied the hooves from her
feet and palms. Two of them each lifted up an ankle and they pulled. A dark wide
wake left its swath in the ring as the condemned was dragged closer to the
platform. One of them reached down and pulled out the soggy tail fashioned from
human hair. It had been pulled underneath the female during the dragging.

	Arms trailing behind, the massive breasts caught each step as she was dragged
up to the platform stage. A crimson trail stained the gray wood. Those pulling
the female unceremoniously let free the ankles they were pulling and her lower
legs limply fell to the floor.

***

	Unencumbered by the hooves heels and rack of horns, they pulled Rhianna to her
bare feet. She still stood at least a head above those who had dragged her up to
the top of the wooden platform. The great iron sculpture behind radiated heat
from the day's sun. Without resistance, she stood as a rope was passed under her
reddened breasts, then tightly cinched from behind. Squeezing her ribs, it
restricted breathing, but at least, it held her up. Her legs seemed drained of
enough strength now to support even standing.

    From the opposite side of the ring, a figure grew closer. It was that of a
stocky, bare-chested man. As he grew closer, Rhianna could see that the man wore
a ribbed helmet made of some metal. A plume of feathers lay across its crest.
Sweaty chest hairs came closer into view. Leather worked a lattice pattern
across the bare top. The man signaled and a crude derrick was wheeled out.
Rhianna watched it as she helplessly stood until it disappeared from sight
behind her.

    The rope suddenly tightened. The slip-knot bit into back flesh. Jeers from
the crowd rang out. Impulsively, she looked down. Reddened breasts ballooned.
Almost immediately, two shining nipples looked back up at her. Rhianna twisted
and fought, but the rope continued to pull. Her body started to lift. Her head
jerked up, but all she saw was the still sky above. Looking back down, her
breasts now looked bigger and their reddish color was darkening.

    The crowd screamed its delight as the executioner ordered the rope leading
from the derrick to lift the tall blonde higher still. The squirming hips and
bulging tits electrified them. Between the long legs, the single braid wildly
swished. This "bull" was at last to be crucified. Higher up she was lifted.
Sweat streamed down the writhing contours along with new rivers of blood from
the many puncture wounds. The dark cavern of the female's navel, topped with the
tiny dome of flesh many had noticed before, now stretched to a narrow slit from
its home in the sunken belly. They applauded her every cry.

    He needed the help of another to grip an ankle and press its sole onto one
leg of the iron cross. Heedless of the burn such action might cause the
condemned, he quickly wrapped the foot secure with a short length of chain and
did the same with the other leg. Allowing himself the liberty of looking up, he
thinly smiled at the roped ribs and purpled tits above before ascending a short
ladder with a block of wood, hammer and nail.

	Once in position, the executioner extended the condemned's left arm outwards
and upwards until it was pressed flat onto the heated iron bars that interwove
as part of the sculpture. A short length of rope was used to secure the wrist.
With one hand the executioner placed the wood on the other side and pressed the
nail firmly into the upturned wrist. The other heavy arm drove the mallet down
onto the nail head. Positioned correctly, nail passed through flesh, a hole in
the wrapped iron, and then into the wooden block, effectively locking the arm in
place. Just to be sure, the mallet crashed and crashed upon the nail.

	Ecstatically, hysteria ensued. The crucifixion reverberated tensions of all
sorts. To the white body, the black cross had become less a backdrop and now
more an engine of torture as the nail was further pounded in. Gleaming muscles,
tendons and veins pumped in stark relief. The entire structure shook. Bright
blood spurted out and ran down the executioner's positioned arms. Flexed knees
straightened and the enemy leader's neck stretched ever higher as her chin
raised to the sky.

	He moved to the right side, and then repeated the same sequence with the other
arm. Before climbing down, the executioner cut free all ropes. As he did, the
purpled breasts that had so grown in dimension lowered slightly and regained
some of their natural color. Standing on the platform, the heavy fellow then
nailed both feet to the X.

	Rhianna tearfully squinted and tried to relax the contortions made by her face
muscles but found that she could only grimace as she peeked. Her limbs
contracted and the verge of panic presented itself as she now felt herself
pinned. Hanging from nails in her wrists, she fought to keep her head up.

    Breathing sharpened as inhaling came in short gasps, and exhaling was
impossible. Gritting her teeth, she made ready to use her legs again and pull
herself up. The try failed. It proved too demanding, and yet it was either that
or asphyxiate. She tried again and this time gasped quickly before her knees
bent once more and she slumped lower. Sweat ran. Already exhaustion consumed.
Rhianna made ready for the effort once more. Clenching her jaw and then
screaming in a voice that sounded altogether foreign, she repeated the process.
Regardless of sapped strength, the will to breathe to live became supreme.

    Resounding cheers met every thrust upward by the crucified. From down at his
perspective on the sand, the executioner looked up at the figure nailed to the
cross on the platform. The flexing thighs now parted enough to show the female's
inner sex. The sight inspired. Next to his sandal lay one of the bloodied
banderilla earlier removed from her back. He bent down and grabbed it and
stepped back up onto the platform. The pink and black shone as an easy target.
Turning back to the crowd, he waved the barbed stick high above his head and
then turning back to face the nude, took the shaft and plunged it up between the
legs.

    Rhianna screeched as it entered her. No longer did lack of strength in her
legs concern as her entire being reached skyward. Arms pulled her higher as feet
stood upon the nails piercing them. She felt the barb being twisted inside her.
When it pulled out, her body sank.

    The bloody stick yanked free. He reached in and yanked out the hanging hair
pulling the plug that held it out. Crimson rivers flowed down the muscular legs.
He jammed the stick back into her, twisted and again pulled it out. More blood
flowed. Liquid rubies dripped as if girding the female's loins.

    High up the iron cross, the gleaming globes thrust out invitingly. Two more
banderillas were snatched up from the sand. Again, the executioner took
particular aim.


***
	
	The captain encountered noticeable chop in the seas as the wooden sailing
vessel headed towards what appeared to be a small bay on the tiny island in the
Atlantic. Beyond, a village or small town sprawled. Visible near its center
arose a plume that further darkened the waning light. There had to be a
connection to their leader and her crew, he thought, and willed his ship to sail
faster through the bucking waves.

	La Ventas was not a large bullring but making the circuit around the perimeter
seemed endless to Rhianna. Siesta time was spent in the stands for many of the
onlookers and now that sunset was almost upon them, a renewed excitement buzzed
amongst the awakening crowd. They cheered as the oxen team turned the platform
with the black cross and the white female crucified to it toward the center of
the arena. It stopped and the animals were released from their harnesses to be
taken back to the barn. More horns blared. From the Grand Portal rode colorfully
garbed picaderos. The three horsemen each carried burning torches that lit up
the twilight and trailed showers of sparks as they galloped around the ring.
Slaves stuffed kindling under the platform as the riders paraded.

	A landing by sea on strange soil was precarious any time of the day, but when
reduced visibility was added to the many pitfalls, all men and women aboard the
ship knew that their chances for success were greatly reduced. Regardless, the
chance to rescue their own had all keenly prepared for whatever they might face.
Armor bumped armor as the pitching and rolling continued. Fingers tightly
gripped spears; swords were sharpened again and again. All concentration was
focused on getting ashore.

	The stadium thundered. One of the riders leaned down from his saddle and set
the burning flame on the torch he carried to the brush stuffed beneath the
wooden platform. Sparks flew in many directions. The brush ignited. One orange
flame appeared, and then another licked up between the wooden slats atop which
the corpses had been tossed. Sparks flew.

	Rhianna was forced to look down. From the darkened bodies near her bloodied
left foot she saw the smoke, and then the flame that almost blinded. Dire,
though her situation had so far been, being burnt alive was an added horror and
one she felt impossible to endure. Rhianna panicked. Exhausted knees stiffened.
Her body lifted up a little. The naked torso twisted as more smoke climbed. It
choked. She coughed. Spittle flew. Her lungs seared.

	Another of the riders bent down with his blazing torch on the other side and
ignited kindling under that end of the platform while the third stopped his
horse, dismounted and held his torch under the front center of the platform.
Three small fires quickly grew.

	Spectators stood again and wildly cheered the activity. Fascination captivated
them as the fires quickly grew. Soon, the fires melded into one blaze. The
wooden platform started to smoke and then burn. High on the X cross, the maiden
rocked in fright, shaking her splendid body as well as the banderillas stuck
from it. One of the dead limbs hung over the platform, just over where flames
licked. It too ignited.

	Darkness was falling out at sea and visibility was poor as the pirate's ship
approached the bay. As soon as they could, men and women from the vessel jumped
over the side and waded to shore, their helmets and chest-plates wetly gleaming
in the surf. On the beach, the intruders met with little resistance from the
small band of locals. Fighting ensued, but their superior numbers quickly
overtook the defenders. Grouping together, they animatedly pointed toward the
center of the town. That seemed to be where all of the action was. The captain
led the crew through the narrow streets at double time.

	Rhianna cried out. Billowing smoke gagged. Toes that could not flee began to
feel hot fingers lancing their tips as they desperately curled. Tight skin
charred, then split. She wretchedly coughed. Her entire being hurt from so much
that had happened, but this newest threat took precedence. Burning alive was
impossible to embrace. Flesh crinkled. Blisters erupted then cracked as more
fissures formed. Any semblance of composure became a forgotten memory. Yet the
nails held fast.

	Stomping feet pounded the stadium stands. Wildness ignited with every corpse
that sprang to life in flame. The crucified began to be burned upon a pyre of
her own. First one of the lower legs blackened as more smoke and flames reached
it. Scorching fire flickered its ascent. It lapped at the wooden stick, quickly
exploding into flames its paper and cloth wrapping. Another body on the platform
flamed and burned the next living leg.. Riotous fans pointed to the second
banderilla, also now aflame and the shriveling breast to which it was forever
joined. Still the crucified's head could be seen to shake from side to side. A
balmy breeze from the sea blew much of the smoke from the flaming pyre. It also
further stoked the raging flames. Passions of the populace were well fired.

	The Great Portal doors swung open and there entered a group of more foreigners.
Those cheering from the stands stood silent for a moment. All appeared stunned.
Only the crackling of the burning bodies, and platform along with Rhianna's
continuing cries from the conflagration were heard in the muted moment.

    Horns blasted again. The people looked on in awe. Surrounding the shocked
foreigners were Graciosa's finest, weapons at the ready. The mass capture seemed
to confirm that La Ventas would once more play host to bizarre blood sports,
though surely, none as grand as the mock bull fight they had witnessed this day.
For that, they could thank the blonde they called Rhianna.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





