BDSM Library - Like To Suffer?




Like To Suffer?
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A guy answers a Personal, finds his fantasy and finds that it might be more than he can handle.
Like to suffer?

(F/M bondage)

"Like to suffer?"  the Stranger personal said, "Female sadist looking
for victim.  I get off making men suffer.  Possible LTR for the right
victim"

As I sat in the B&O enjoying a mocha and pleasantly chatting with
Rebecca, I had a hard time reconciling this ad with the person who sat
in front of me.  Rebecca was an unassuming woman.  Of medium height,
and small stature, but with just that touch of fleshiness that women
get in their mid 30's.  Her jeans and t-shirt under a light sweater
would not distinguish her in any way from 100's of other Capitol Hill
residents.

No, while attractive, she was certainly not striking, and especially
not what I was expecting.  Given the ad, I had been expecting either
someone who looked like a bull dyke or, of course, the stereotypical
bitch dom.  In situations like this, ones imagination can go to far
extremes.  But without belaboring the point any further, I had not
expected to spend a pleasant spring Saturday afternoon sipping mocha
and talking about 80's rock and roll, motorcycles, and The Simpsons
with a nice, cute but utterly normal woman.  This was actually one of
the best dates I had had in a long time.

Then, at the end, came the awkward moment.  We were standing out on the
street after a pleasant 2 biscotti afternoon.  The spring weather was
warm but not oppressive, which made it all the easier to stand outside
and continue to talk.   I was looking forward to my 10 mile ride home
on this lovely day, but was thoroughly enchanted by the irreverent
humor and dimples.  We were having one of those conversations that
can't end.  The ones that happen to people usually when they first meet
and find commonality, and just keep having one more thing to say.

I was starting to get wierded, though.  Although we'd been chatting for
2 hours, not once had the subject of why were meeting come up.  Finally
she broke the ice.  Her voice took on that wrapping-things-up tone that
people use to end those long conversations that happen to people
usually when they first meet and find commonality, and just keep having
one more thing to say.

"Well, let's talk again.  I'm not sure about you yet, but you might
have possibilities."

Her sudden shift had caught me unaware, and my reply came out rather
cocky, partly because I had about to quip something on an entirely
different subject.

"Oh?  Possibilities of what?"

There was a long pause.  I watched her get a playful little grin and
set her head to the side, while I listened to a bike, sounded like a
600 with a pipe, go up the next block.

"Well, I like you, and that's important.  I don't play with just
anybody.  But, you seem too nice.  I think I could be great friends
with you, but I don't think you could take what I need to give."

This set me back a bit.  Both with her sudden frankness and her
apparent rejection of me.  I was a 6'2 ex football player wearing
leather motorcycle gear, and she was a 5'6" woman, standing there
telling me I wasn't tough enough for her.  I, of course, resorted to my
normal cocky attitude, as always when confronted with a threat of
inferiority.

"I doubt there's anything you could dish out that I couldn't take,."  I
replied with that dumb ass grin I use.

"Oh," she giggled, "a challenge?  Let's get together again.  Give me a
call tomorrow night."

With that she closed the distance between us, stood on her toes and
gave me a "first date I kind of like you, but not enough to kiss you
yet" kind of hug.  She pulled back, rubbed my shoulders for a minute.

"Ooh, you do look sexy in that leather."  She said and walked off.



I called her the next day and we set up a date at the Broadway Grill
for dinner.  The Grill is a great place for a first date, as it has a
fun mixed atmosphere and good drinks.  I was treating this as a date
now.  I really liked her.  Our conversation had lasted an hour and had
the same easy familiarity we'd slipped into the first time we met.

Dinner was fun, but uneventful.  I subtly worked in some sexual
entrede, which she deftly deflected.  Afterwards, we went for a stroll
down Broadway.  By now, I had mostly forgotten the circumstances that
had originally gotten together, and was more intent on straight
romance.  At one point, I reached out and took her hand.  She squeezed
mine and smiled.  I walked her the 10 blocks to her house like this.
It was nice.

We reached the stoop of  her little house and stopped.  The night was
pleasantly cool with the smell of rain in the air.  The traffic noise
filtered over from the busier streets here to provide a low background
sound.

"Thanks for a nice dinner" she said almost shyly.

"Thank you."  I replied.  I leaned forward to kiss her.  She kissed
back for a second gave me a little flick of her tongue and then pulled
back.

"Let's sit down and talk for a minute"

We sat on her plank stairs.  The white paint had been worn off by many
feet, and the edges were well rounded.  We sat side by side and she
took both my hands and we held them on our knees.

"God, now I don't know about this."  She sighed.

"What's wrong?"  I was a little worried.

"Well, I'm starting to like you.  The problem is, the things I want to
do to you are not very nice.  I don't think you'll like me much if you
were to spend the night with me."

I laughed, and shook her hands a little "I'd like to give it a try.
Believe me, I first answered your add for a reason."

She squeezed my hands tightly "Okay, I guess I'll lay it out.  I want
to hurt you.  I want to make you suffer, all night.  I know it sounds
freaky, but it totally gets me off to abuse men."

"It makes me hot to think about you getting hot from me suffering.
I've been looking for something like that for..."

"I don't think you'll like it.  I can be pretty mean."

"Uh huh" I laughed, totally unintimidated by her, "I can't believe you
could be that mean.  I bet I can take way more than you can dish out."

She looked worried for a minute, and then I could visibly see her make
a decision.  She lit up, smiled and planted a deep kiss on me.  She
climbed on top of me, forcing me on my back and pushed my head to the
deck with hers, probing my mouth in a deep kiss.   I instantly reacted
to this, and she started grinding herself against my reaction.

Suddenly she pulled back, "Okay tough man, " she said laughing, "lets
get you into the house. "  She turned serious for a second and looked
me in the eye "once you cross that door, you are mine for the night, do
you understand?  I promise I won't injure you, but besides that you
belong to me until I let you go.  Cool?"

I gulped a bit at this.  I had never played without a safeword.  But,
jeez, would I need one with her?   Naw.
"Okay MISTRESS" I said, mocking her with a little smile, "I'm yours do
with what you will".
She led me into the house by the hand and closed and locked the door
behind her.

"Do you need to use the bathroom?  You won't have a chance for a while,
and I don't find watersports sexy at all."

I said I did.  She told me matter-of-factly to be naked when I came out.

I padded out of the bathroom naked and walked back to the living room
where I found her sorting a big pile of bondage gear.  Rope, leather
cuffs, a leg spreader and other various gear.

"Hey, there you are.  Lets just get you tied up."  She said pleasently.

"Okay"

She took me by the hand again and had me stand under 2 eye hooks set in
the wooden ceiling about 4 feet apart.  She deftly wrapped a thick
leather cuff around each wrist and then using a footstool ran a length
of rope through each eyehook into a d-ring on the cuffs.  She pulled
the rope as tight as she could and then I heard a voice from behind me

"Tipie toes!"

I stood up on my toes and felt the ropes take up that last inch of
slack.  She must have tied it off because she appeared in front of me
now and quickly put me in a leg spreader that had thick cuffs on the
end.  I was now standing on my toes in a leg spreader.

"Comfy?"  She asked in a pleasant tone.

"Uhhh, no.  I don't know how long I can take this"  I replied,
grimacing a little bit.

"Hmmm, okay we'll have to do something about that."  She walked around
behind me and I heard her digging through the pile.  Suddenly, she
reached around my head and roughly pinched my nose.  As I opened my
mouth to protest, she stuffed a ball gag in as hard as she could,
forcing it past my teeth.  Before I even had time to think about
spitting it out, she had it buckled behind my head.

"There now, that's better.  Like I said before, comfy?"  She now had
kind of an evil grin.  All I could do is mmmph a quiet protest.

She walked slowly around me, trailing her hand around my waistline.
She virtually purred.  "Uhmmm.  Oh yes.  You look so hot.  I am going
to enjoy you tonight.  You probly won't like it though.  Can't say I
didn't warn you".

She walk around and stood in front of me, very close.  I could feel her
warm breath on my chest and the softness of her knit sweater rubbing
against my chest contrasted with the corseness of the denim of her
jeans.  Despite the ache in my calves and I was very excited.  Her
fully clothed body  rubbing against my bare skin just magnified my
heplessness.

Suddenly she reached down and grabbed my balls, and started squeezing.
Now my helplessness was truly brought home to me.  My legs were spread
wide allowing her unrestricted access.  The harder she squeezed, the
more I realized I was totally powerless.  She looked me in the eye, her
smile becoming somewhat crooked.

"You get it now, don't you?  You're mine."  She squeezed harder and I
started to wimper.  The wimper had an odd affect on her.  As soon as I
did, she ground herself against my leg.  She repeated the cycle and as
I moaned from the pain she again ground herself against me.

She released my balls and straddled my leg.  She reached across my
chest and grabbed my right nipple.  She started squeezing very hard.  I
moaned and whimpered louder.  This set her to grinding harder on my leg.

Suddenly she started twisting and squeezing first one nipple then
another.  The pain was intense, especially with no warm up.  The louder
I moaned the more it turned her on until suddenly she thrust herself
onto my leg, held there and let out a long low groan while holding
herself up using my neck and shoulders.  This put and even greater
strain on my wrists and toes, which I'm sure further increased her
excitement.
I was starting to get a little scared now.  I didn't know how much
longer I could stand like this, especially with her hanging off of me,
plus my nipples were on fire.  There was nothing for it, though, as I
was helpless and gagged, and had no safe word.

She hung like that for a moment and then recovered and stood up.

"Hmmm, how'd you like that?"  Her voice was languid, as she now slowly
and gently rubbed my chest,   "You didn't believe me when I said it
gets me off to make men suffer, did you?  I really, really get off on
it.  Oh, and one more thing, I'm multi, and I'm am just getting warmed
up."

"But first, I think you need to get in the mood."

I was rigid.  She grabbed it gently this time and slowly began to rub
the collected drops around the tip of me.  Her face was one of mischief
as she squeezed it harder in one fist and began running her thumb in
circles around the tip.

Every muscle in my body went rigid.  This was sensory overload.  I
struggled in vain to get away, but of course was held fast.  She
stopped this and began slowly stroking me.  I felt it building and
started to moan, thinking that after this she would let me go.  I was
wrong.  Right as I was about to finish, she maddeningly stopped.  I was
insane.  She gave me a few seconds to recover and then began running
her thumb around the head again.  I started screaming from behind my
gag, and she switched back to stroking me, once again taking me right
to the edge.  The world ceased to exist for me.  My ears started to
ring, I was sweating profusely.  Nothing existed except for her hand,
my penis and her evil, evil smile.

"What's the matter, tough guy, can't even take a little hand job?"  She
walked out of the room but quickly returned holding a white plastic
cooking timer.  She set it to 30 minutes and put it on the mantle
behind her where I could plainly see it.

"I tell you what.  I'll do nothing but what I've just done, and if you
can make it for 30 minutes without begging me to let you come or let
you go" she stopped and giggled at her little play on words, "I'll let
you go, and we can have a nice night watching a movie, drinking a glass
of wine followed by a nice blow job."

With that she moved up and started the cycle once again.   By her
simply rubbing her thumb on the tip, I was violently, but vainly
struggling to get away.  Just as  I would start screaming into my gag,
she would switch to stroking and bring me right to the edge.  Every
time she did this, I held a little hope that she would go one stroke
too far, but she always stopped just in time.

After what seemed like forever, I glanced over and saw that only 10
minutes had elapsed.  Oh God! There is no way I can make it another 20
minutes.

She was merciless, though, just continuing the cycle until I was
gibbering into my gag.

In a patronizing, like talking to a child, tone she said "Do you have
something you want to say to me?"
I shook my head, and she repeated the cycle.

"You never know, you might just get what you ask for".  She repeated it
again.  I was now shaking, and there were still 15 minutes left.
"Are you sure?"  I shook my head.  I wasn't sure.
She unbuckled the gag and pulled it out.

"Please, ohgoohgod, please let me cum, pleasepleaseletmecum."

"Open your mouth, I won't do it until you take the gag back"

I did and she refastened  the gag.

"Well, you didn't make it the 30 minutes, so I guess I can't let you
go.  Sorry."

She walked around behind me.  I felt the rope holding my arms slack a
little and I was now off my tip toes and had my full weight supported
by my legs.  This was a relief, but a pyrhic victory, as all that was
on my mind right now was the aching need between my legs.

She came around in front of me holding a plastic bag full of
clothespins.  With a little smile but no further comment, she began
putting them on me one by one.  She put row after row of them on my
scrotum, at the base and up the sides of my penis.  Then, without
ceremony, she put one on each nipple.  These had me groaning again, but
in pain.  I had had nipple clamps on before, but the clothespins were
way harsher than anything I was used to.  I started to writhe in my
bonds in pain.  I was sweating and moaning again.  I definitely
wouldn't be able to take this very long.

Without comment, she went around behind me and I heard some rustling
sounds.  There was a low frequency buzzing like an electric razor and
her breathing grew quicker.

Meanwhile, I started shaking my body, trying to get these evil pins off
me.  The were horrible.  I was fighting my bonds again trying to jar
them loose.  I stopped to catch my breath and heard her unmistakably
climaxing.  She quieted down.  Again, I couldn't take it anymore, and
started madly struggling.  Once again I heard her loud moans behind me
over the buzzing.

Suddenly, the buzzing stop and I heard her moving behind me again.  She
appeared in front of me, now wearing only her t-shirt and some white
thongback panties and her white socks.  God, but she did look cute like
that.  Her hair was now slightly disheveled and she looked flushed.

She walked up to me and standing on her toes, wrapped her arms around
my neck and gave me a crushing hug, driving the clothespins into my
nipples.

"Thank you, " she whispered breathlessly, "you were amazing!"

She held that pose for a few minutes and then pulled back.  She lowered
her head but stared me straight in the eyes.  My breathing was ragged
by now, but the pain was now less sharp and more an ache I thought
would never end.

"I suppose you want these off now?"

One by one, her eyes never leaving mine, she removed the clothespins.
About one every 10 or 15 seconds.  Each time, the sudden blood flow
made me gasp and shake in pain.  She just looked me in the eye with a
weird crooked smile the whole time.

I had actually lost my erection by now.  A fact that did not go
unnoticed by her.  She disappeared for a moment and returned with a
long leather strap with rings of descending radius along the length.
She roughly handled me and forced it on so the biggest ring was around
the base of me, but my length was inside the cone made by the
progressively smaller rings.   I had seen these before, but never tried
one.  I soon found, as her handling of me had got me excited again,
what the purpose was.  I quickly outgrew the restrictions of the
rings!  It felt like I was in a vice.

"That ought to keep you out of trouble for a while."
She took a long piece of clothesline and wrapped it around my scrotum
several times and tied it off with about 4 feet of slack on the end.
She took the end and pulled it under the spreader bar, then sharply
pulled.  It suddenly felt like my balls were being ripped off.  I bent
my knees what little I could to try and relieve the pressure and she
just took that slack up more, and tied it off.  Now I couldn't
straighten my legs, and my thighs were already starting to quiver.

She patted my quivering buttocks and I heard her walk out of the room.
I tried to relieve the pressure by lifting my legs, but that put strain
on my already aching arms.  I then put my legs down, and tried to
straighten them enough to rest for a minute, but that just pulled
brutally.  I ran through this fruitless cycle for what seemed forever,
but was really more like 10 minutes.

Suddenly my arms were released.  I fell to my knees, wrenching my balls
violently.  Before I could recover, she had my hands tied securely
behind my back.  She removed my cuffs and tied my arms and wrists even
more securely.  Next she undid the rope to the spreader bar and removed
the bar.  She tugged on the rope for me to stand up and used it as a
leash to lead me into the bedroom.  She pulled me onto the bed and
using the leash as a constant reminder of her control over me, she used
the cuffs on my ankles to secure my feet to the bed posts.  She tied
the leash to the bed post, pulling me tightly and keeping me firmly
under control.  Given this, I offered little resistance while she
cuffed my arms to to the top corners of the bed.
She then released my leash.  She climbed up on top of me, straddling my
chest and looked down at me.
"I'm about done with you for the evening, so I'm going to take out your
gag and get you some water and then we're going to sleep.  I don't want
you to speak at all.  Do you understand?  Remember that I can put this
back in anytime.  One syllable from you and you'll spend the night like
that.  Got it?"
I nodded in resignation.

She removed the gag and gave me a glass of water which I gulped
greedily.  After that she leaned forward and gave me a long deep kiss.
Of course, this stirred me in my prison and caused the pain to return,
but she seemed oblivious to that.

She padded over to the wall in her sock feet and turned off the light.
She spooned up on me with her arm across my chest, her head on my bicep
and her leg draped over me, pulled a blanket over both of us and was
sound asleep in a matter of moments.

It was a long night.  I was sore and cramped from the extended
bondage.  My nipples just ached.  Moreover on the physical side,
Rebecca's little body spooned up on my in her panties and braless under
a tank top was an incredible turn on, especially after the night of
teasing I had had.  But, every time I would think of this, I would grow
inside those evil, evil rings.

On top of my physical plight, my mind was spinning.  She had taken me
further than I wanted to go.  But wasn't what I had come to her looking
for?  I really liked the time we had spent together, but she had been
so merciless.  I couldn't figure how this sweet funny girl could just
be such a sadist.  I didn't feel like either was an act, just two
different sides of the same coin.

But, she just felt so damn nice snuggled up against me.  I could feel
the weight of her breast on my chest and the smooth skin of her legs.
I didn't know what to do.  I couldn't do much at the time anyway.  I
desperately wanted to talk about things with her, but had no doubt her
threat was serious.
Finally, exhaustion and boredom took over and I drifted into a fitful
sleep.

I woke to total darkness.  What?  I then realized that I'd been
blindfolded.  I felt tugging  below and realized that Rebecca was
pulling off that evil contraption.  Suddenly, I felt wet warm bliss and
knew immediately it was her mouth around me.  I grew rigid instantly.
Her mouth left me and I heard the crinkling cellophane sound of a
condom, and sure enough, it was deftly rolled in a second.

She jumped on me, put her tongue down my throat and took me inside her
all in one swift motion..  I cried out from the surprise and pure
pleasure of it.  I almost climaxed immediately, but just before I
could, she sat up and grabbed a nipple with each hand and twisted them
hard.  The pain brought me back, but my loud groans set her off.  She
started bucking and moving from what must have been repeated intense
climaxes.  She would calm down again and then start viciously twisting
my nipples, which by now was causing me to scream in pain, this would
set her off again and she would peak again, twisting even harder as she
did.  This went on and on until even the pain was not enough to hold me
back and it felt like I went into orbit.  Even though I was
blindfolded, my eyes were shut, and all I could see was a bright red
color.  My ears rang, but all of that was inconsequential to the
incredible feeling of flow and release.  It lasted forever.  Longer
than it's ever lasted before.   Only after did I notice that she had
stopped riding me, stopped torturing me, and was now just laying on my
chest and hugging me while she moved her hips very slowly.  Her whole
body twitched a few more times, as did mine, and  we lay still for
several minutes.

She sat up and gave me a quick kiss.  "I'm going to take a shower,
don't go anywhere."  She said airily as I felt her leave.

I lay spent and dozed off  to the white noise of the shower running.

I awoke to a tugging at my wrist and suddenly my right hand was free.
Soon after all of my limbs were free.  I reached out and undid my
blindfold.

She was wearing a little sundress with low healed sandals.  Her hair
was pulled back and she wore a light touch of makeup.

"Good morning sleepy.  Why don't you grab a shower, and I'll by you
some breakfast at Charlies?"  She said, giving me a little hug.

"Uhhhh" I intelligently replied, "okay".

We held hands all the way to the restaurant, enjoying the sunny spring
Sunday morning.  I tried to ask her something, but she just squeezed my
hand and said "Shhh, let's talk later.  It's just lovely out."
Over breakfast, we talked about current events, and making fun of a few
people walking by on a typical Broadway Sunday.

The conversation turned to restaurants and I just naturally said "Next
time we go out, we should go to Changs."

She looked down at the table with a shy, unsure smile "Next time?  I
was afraid there might not be a next time after last night."

This brought me back to reality and what she had done to me last
night "Umm, well, I like you a lot, but I'm not sure I could do last
night again.  That was a little too much for me."

She frowned and her lip quivered.  I could see that she was close to
crying "God, you're such a great guy.  Why do I have to be such a
freak."  She started sobbing quietly.  I grabbed her hand and tried to
console her.

"I don't think you're a freak, you just got a little carried away"

"No," she sniffed "I took it easy on you.  I have to do what I did to
you last night.  I've tried vanilla relationships, believe me, I've
tried.  But I can't be happy.  They always end badly.  That's why I put
that ad in The Stranger.  I've given up on relationships, and decided
to just have sex.  What I did to you last night is sex to me.  I can't
be satisfied any other way.  But now I meet a guy I really like, and my
goddamned fetish is going to scare him away."  She pulled her hand
away, thrwe her napkin down and got up.

I grabbed her arm "Calm down.  Let's talk about this.  I really like
you too.  Sit down."

She stood up, dry eyed.  Obviously she had made a decision "You know
what I am now.  I hope you call me.  I really like you.  But I can't,
won't change.  If you can deal with it, give me a call."  She left.

I sat and drank 2 more cups of coffee.  I had a long day on little
sleep, thanks to her.  My nipples felt like hamburger, and my scrotum
was sore.  My muscles felt like I'd played a football game the day
before and my wrists and ankles were chafed.  Last night she had scared
the crap out of me, and this morning, acted like nothing had happened.
This was an easy decision to make.

Tuesday I called her.  Weds. I took her for a ride to Alki Beach to
watch the sunset and city lights.  We kissed softly on the beach and
watched the ferries go back and forth, their lights a sharp contrast to
the softening lines of the islands in the twilight.  We talked for
hours and finally just sat for a while holding hands with her head on
my shoulders.

I spent the rest of the evening face down in the carpet hog-tied and
gagged, with my balls and penis expertly tied into an excruciatingly
tight ball.  Not a hard decision to make at all.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kinkracer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





